author	Live from Death Row, published in May 1995, is a collection of memoirs by American former death row inmate Mumia Abu-Jamal.	Live from Death Row	Mumia Abu-Jamal
author	Professor Palmboom (literally translated as Professor Palm Tree) is a comic album series written and drawn by Dutch artist Dick Briel.	Professor Palmboom	Dick Briel
author	Yawara! (also stylized as YAWARA!) is a Japanese manga series by Naoki Urasawa which ran in Big Comic Spirits from 1986 to 1993.	Yawara!	Naoki Urasawa
author	Honoré de Balzac's Splendeurs et misères des courtisanes, translated either as The Splendors and Miseries of Courtesans or as A Harlot High and Low, was published in four parts from 1838-1847.	Splendeurs et misères des courtisanes	Honoré de Balzac
author	``The Beast in the Cave'' is a short story by American horror fiction writer H. P. Lovecraft.	The Beast in the Cave	H. P. Lovecraft
author	The Common Sense Book of Baby and Child Care written by Benjamin Spock, is a manual on infant and child care first published in 1946.	The Common Sense Book of Baby and Child Care	Benjamin Spock
author	What Mad Universe is a science fiction novel, written in 1949 by the American author, Fredric Brown.	What Mad Universe	Fredric Brown
author	``A Child in the Dark, and a Foreign Father'' is a short story written by the iconic Australian writer and poet, Henry Lawson.	A Child in the Dark, and a Foreign Father	Henry Lawson
author	The Horatians and the Curiatians (Die Horatier und die Kuriatier) is a Lehrstück (``Schulstück'' in the collected plays) by the German dramatist Bertolt Brecht written in collaboration with Margarete Steffin in 1933--34.	The Horatians and the Curiatians	Bertolt Brecht
author	Flaubert's Parrot is a novel by Julian Barnes that was shortlisted for the Booker Prize in 1984 and won the Geoffrey Faber Memorial Prize the following year.	Flaubert's Parrot	Julian Barnes
author	A Case of Two Cities is Qiu Xiaolong's fourth Inspector Chen novel (after 2004's When Red Is Black).	A Case of Two Cities	Qiu Xiaolong
author	Put Down Your Whip, also translated as Lay Down Your Whip (Chinese: 放下你的鞭子; pinyin: Fàngxià nǐde biānzi), was a 1931 Chinese street play written by Chen Liting during the Republican era, who drew inspiration from the earlier play Meiniang by Tian Han.	Put Down Your Whip	Chen Liting
author	Dear Daddy is a 1976 play written by English playwright Denis Cannan, first staged at the Ambassadors Theatre in London's West End.	Dear Daddy	Denis Cannan
author	Mindbend is a novel by the author Robin Cook, first published in 1985.	Mindbend	Robin Cook
author	The Care of Time (1981) is the last novel by British spy fiction writer Eric Ambler.	The Care of Time	Eric Ambler
author	My Night with Reg is a play by British playwright Kevin Elyot which was produced in 1994 by the Royal Court Theatre, London, directed by Roger Michell.	My Night with Reg	Kevin Elyot
author	The Need for Roots: prelude towards a declaration of duties towards mankind (French: L'Enracinement, prélude à une déclaration des devoirs envers l'être humain) is a book by Simone Weil.	The Need for Roots	Simone Weil
author	The Unholy Pilgrim is a historical novel, written by R.F. Tapsell and published in 1968, which is set in turbulent 13th-century Europe during the High Middle Ages, and follows the adventures of Tancred of Varville.	The Unholy Pilgrim	R.F. Tapsell
author	Studies from an Eastern Home (1913) is an autobiographical book written by Sister Nivedita.	Studies from an Eastern Home	Sister Nivedita
author	The Country of the Pointed Firs is an 1896 short story sequence by Sarah Orne Jewett which is considered by some literary critics to be her finest work.	The Country of the Pointed Firs	Sarah Orne Jewett
author	My Real Children is a 2014 alternate history novel by Jo Walton, published by Tor Books.	My Real Children	Jo Walton
author	Between Past and Future is book written by German philosopher Hannah Arendt.	Between Past and Future	Hannah Arendt
author	``The Ghost of the Grotto'' is a 26-page funny animal comic book story written, drawn, and lettered by Carl Barks.	The Ghost of the Grotto	Carl Barks
author	Charity Girl is a Regency romance novel by Georgette Heyer, first published in 1970.	Charity Girl	Georgette Heyer
author	Planet Tad is a 2012 comedic children's novel by Tim Carvell.	Planet Tad	Tim Carvell
author	End the Fed is a 2009 book by Congressman Ron Paul of Texas.	End the Fed	Ron Paul
author	Fabulous Nobodies is the first novel by Australian author and fashion journalist Lee Tulloch.	Fabulous Nobodies	Lee Tulloch
author	The Crossover is a 2014 children's book by American author Kwame Alexander and the winner of the 2015 Newbery Medal and Coretta Scott King Award Honor.	The Crossover	Kwame Alexander
author	Den sista cigaretten (lit. The Last Cigarette) is the twelfth novel by Swedish author Klas Östergren.	Den sista cigaretten	Klas Östergren
author	Loranga, Masarin och Dartanjang is a Swedish children's fiction book written by Barbro Lindgren and published in 1969.	Loranga, Masarin och Dartanjang	Barbro Lindgren
author	The Last Templar is a 2005 novel by Raymond Khoury, and also is his debut work.	The Last Templar	Raymond Khoury
author	The Bathhouse (Баня, Banya) is a play by Vladimir Mayakovsky written in 1929, for the Meyerhold Theatre.	The Bathhouse	Vladimir Mayakovsky
author	The Red Napoleon (1929) is a novel by Floyd Gibbons predicting a Soviet conquest of Europe and invasion of America.	The Red Napoleon	Floyd Gibbons
author	King Lear is a tragedy written by William Shakespeare.	King Lear	William Shakespeare
author	The Water of the Hills (L'eau des Collines) is the collective name for two novels by Marcel Pagnol.	The Water of the Hills	Marcel Pagnol
author	Muddle Earth is a children's novel by Paul Stewart, published in 2003, and illustrated by Chris Riddell.	Muddle Earth	Paul Stewart
author	Madeline and the Bad Hat is an illustrated children's novel by Ludwig Bemelmans featuring the popular children's character Madeline.	Madeline and the Bad Hat	Ludwig Bemelmans
author	The Colonizer and the Colonized (French: Portrait du colonisé, précédé par Portrait du colonisateur) is a well-known nonfiction book of Albert Memmi, published in French in 1957 and in English at first in 1965.	The Colonizer and the Colonized	Albert Memmi
author	Social Theory and Social Structure (STSS) was a landmark publication in sociology by Robert K. Merton.	Social Theory and Social Structure	Robert K. Merton
author	The Loveday Loyalty is the seventh book in the Loveday series written by Kate Tremayne.	The Loveday Loyalty	Kate Tremayne
author	Fine Clothes to the Jew is a 1927 poetry collection by Langston Hughes published by Alfred A. Knopf.	Fine Clothes to the Jew	Langston Hughes
author	The Man Who Smiled (original: Mannen som log) is a novel by Swedish crime-writer Henning Mankell, and is the fourth in the Inspector Wallander series, although the English translations have not been published in chronological order.	The Man Who Smiled	Henning Mankell
author	The Utopian language is the language of the fictional land of Utopia, as described in Thomas More's Utopia.	Utopian language	Thomas More
author	The Secret Intensity of Everyday Life is a novel by the British playwright, novelist and Oscar nominated screenwriter William Nicholson.	The Secret Intensity of Everyday Life	William Nicholson
author	Diary of a Bad Year is a book by South African-born Nobel laureate J. M. Coetzee.	Diary of a Bad Year	J. M. Coetzee
author	The Legacy of Luna is a book written by Julia Butterfly Hill about her experiences while protecting a tree named Luna.	The Legacy of Luna	Julia Butterfly Hill
author	The Boy Who Lost His Face (ISBN 0-679-88622-2) is a novel by Louis Sachar.	The Boy Who Lost His Face	Louis Sachar
author	I Hate Hamlet is a comedy-drama written in 1991 by Paul Rudnick.	I Hate Hamlet	Paul Rudnick
author	Driving Like Crazy is a 2009 book by P. J. O'Rourke about the automobile.	Driving Like Crazy	P. J. O'Rourke
author	``The Red Peri'' is a science fiction novella by Stanley G. Weinbaum that first appeared in the November 1935 issue of Astounding Stories.	The Red Peri	Stanley G. Weinbaum
author	Kvachi Kvachantiradze (Georgian: ) is a novel written by Mikheil Javakhishvili in 1924.	Kvachi Kvachantiradze	Mikheil Javakhishvili
author	One of the Family (1993) was the last novel written by Monica Dickens, great granddaughter of Charles Dickens.	One of the Family	Monica Dickens
author	Lady Oracle is a novel by Margaret Atwood that parodies Gothic romances and fairy tales.	Lady Oracle	Margaret Atwood
author	The Rules of Survival (2006), is a novel by Nancy Werlin.	The Rules of Survival	Nancy Werlin
author	Back to the Moon was Homer Hickam's first book-length fiction, published in June 1999.	Back to the Moon	Homer Hickam
author	Daughter of Fortune (original Spanish title Hija de la fortuna) is a novel by Isabel Allende, and was chosen as an Oprah's Book Club selection in February 2000.	Daughter of Fortune	Isabel Allende
author	The Wee Free Men is a 2003 comic fantasy novel by Terry Pratchett, which takes place in his Discworld setting.	The Wee Free Men	Terry Pratchett
author	The Nightly News is a six-issue American comic book limited series written and drawn by Jonathan Hickman and published by Image Comics.	The Nightly News	Jonathan Hickman
author	Post Oaks & Sand Roughs is a semi-autobiographical adventure novel by Robert E. Howard.	Post Oaks & Sand Roughs	Robert E. Howard
author	Political Fictions is a 2001 book of essays by Joan Didion on the American political process.	Political Fictions	Joan Didion
author	Ailleurs are the transcripts of a series of interviews between Jean-Louis Ezine and the French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio.	Ailleurs	J. M. G. Le Clézio
author	Le Livre des fuites was written in French by French Nobel laureate writer J. M. G. Le Clézio and translated into English as The Book of Flights:	Le Livre des fuites	J. M. G. Le Clézio
author	Pretty Little Mistakes is a book written by Heather McElhatton and published on May 1, 2007 by HarperCollins.	Pretty Little Mistakes	Heather McElhatton
author	Dr. Adder is a dark science fiction novel by K. W. Jeter set in a future where the United States has largely broken down into reluctantly cooperating enclaves run by a wide variety of strongmen and warlords, with a veneer of government control that seems largely interested in controlling technology.	Dr. Adder	K. W. Jeter
author	White Buildings was the first collection (1926) of poetry by Hart Crane, an American modernist poet, critical to both lyrical and language poetic traditions.	White Buildings	Hart Crane
author	English Passengers (ISBN 0-385-49744-X) is a 2000 historical novel written by Matthew Kneale, which won that year's Whitbread Book Award and was shortlisted for the Booker Prize and the Miles Franklin Award.	English Passengers	Matthew Kneale
author	Ramona is an 1884 American novel written by Helen Hunt Jackson.	Ramona	Helen Hunt Jackson
author	``The Mad Moon'' is a science fiction short story by Stanley G. Weinbaum, first published in the December 1935 issue of Astounding Stories.	The Mad Moon	Stanley G. Weinbaum
author	Alexandr v tramvaji is one of the best-known works of author Pavel Řezníček.	Alexandr v tramvaji	Pavel Řezníček
author	Into the Slave Nebula is a science fiction novel written by John Brunner and first published in 1968.	Into the Slave Nebula	John Brunner
author	The Waste Land is a long poem by T. S. Eliot.	The Waste Land	T. S. Eliot
author	Éloa, ou La sœur des anges (Éloa, or the Sister of the Angels), published in 1824 (see 1824 in poetry), is Alfred de Vigny's epic tripartite philosophic poem of Eloa, an innocent angel who falls in love with a stranger at odds with God.	Éloa, ou La sœur des anges	Alfred de Vigny
author	The Case of Sergeant Grischa (1927) is a war novel by the German writer Arnold Zweig.	The Case of Sergeant Grischa	Arnold Zweig
author	Salvation on Sand Mountain is a 1995 non-fiction book by Dennis Covington.	Salvation on Sand Mountain	Dennis Covington
author	The Dastard is the twenty-fourth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony.	The Dastard	Piers Anthony
author	Entdeckung der blauen Grotte auf der Insel Capri (Discovery of the Blue Grotto on the Isle of Capri) is an 1838 book by German writer and painter August Kopisch in which he describes his 1826 rediscovery of the Blue Grotto in Capri together with his friend Ernest Fries.	Entdeckung der blauen Grotte auf der Insel Capri	August Kopisch
author	ODTAA (1926) by John Masefield (1878--1967) is an adventure novel first published in February 1926.	ODTAA	John Masefield
author	Uusi Runo is a 1943 poetry collection by Finnish poet Aaro Hellaakoski.	Uusi Runo	Aaro Hellaakoski
author	The Miracle of the Rose (in French: Miracle de la rose) is a 1946 book by Jean Genet about experiences as a detainee in Mettray Penal Colony and Fontevrault prison - although there is no direct evidence of Genet ever having been imprisoned in the latter establishment.	The Miracle of the Rose	Jean Genet
author	Here Be Dragons is a historical novel written by Sharon Kay Penman published in 1985.	Here Be Dragons	Sharon Kay Penman
author	The Fifth Sacred Thing is a 1993 post-apocalyptic novel written by Starhawk.	The Fifth Sacred Thing	Starhawk
author	The Prince (Italian: Il Principe (il ˈprintʃipe)) is a 16th-century political treatise by the Italian diplomat and political theorist Niccolò Machiavelli.	The Prince	Niccolò Machiavelli
author	Dibs in Search of Self is a book by clinical psychologist and author Virginia Axline published in 1964.	Dibs in Search of Self	Virginia Axline
author	A Plea for Captain John Brown is an essay by Henry David Thoreau.	A Plea for Captain John Brown	Henry David Thoreau
author	Supreme Courtship is a 2008 novel by Christopher Buckley, which tells the story of a Judge Judy-style TV judge nominated to the Supreme Court of the United States.	Supreme Courtship	Christopher Buckley
author	Scepticism and Animal Faith (1923) is a later work by Spanish-born American philosopher George Santayana.	Scepticism and Animal Faith	George Santayana
author	High Brows is a 1929 novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall.	High Brows	Bruce Marshall
author	Executive Power is Vince Flynn's fifth novel, and the fourth to feature Mitch Rapp, an American agent that works for the CIA as an operative for a covert counter terrorism unit called the ``Orion Team.''	Executive Power	Vince Flynn
author	The Prose Works, or Prose Works Other than Science and Health, is a single-volume compendium of the key works of Mary Baker Eddy, the founder of Christian Science, outside of its denominational textbook.	Prose Works Other than Science and Health	Mary Baker Eddy
author	The Surrogates is a five-issue comic book limited series written by Robert Venditti, drawn by Brett Weldele, and published by Top Shelf Productions from 2005 to 2006.	The Surrogates	Robert Venditti
author	``A Winter amid the Ice'' (French: Un hivernage dans les glaces) is an 1855 short adventure story by Jules Verne.	A Winter amid the Ice	Jules Verne
author	Doctor Wortle's School, alternatively Dr. Wortle's School or Dr Wortle's School, published in 1881, is a novel by Anthony Trollope, his fortieth book.	Doctor Wortle's School	Anthony Trollope
author	Henry and the Paper Route is a book that was written by Beverly Cleary and illustrated by Louis Darling.	Henry and the Paper Route	Beverly Cleary
author	Anatomy of Gray is a play by Jim Leonard set in the 1880s.	Anatomy of Gray	Jim Leonard
author	The Geographica (Ancient Greek: Γεωγραφικά Geōgraphiká), or Geography, is an encyclopedia of geographical knowledge, consisting of 17 'books', written in Greek by Strabo, an educated citizen of the Roman empire of Greek descent.	Geographica	Strabo
author	Young Lonigan is a 1932 novel by James T. Farrell.	Young Lonigan	James T. Farrell
author	The Women's History of the World (ISBN 0-586-08886-5) is a book about women's history written by British author Rosalind Miles and first published in 1988.	The Women's History of the World	Rosalind Miles
author	Everyone Says Hello is a BBC Audiobooks original audiobook written by Dan Abnett and based on the British science fiction television, Doctor Who spin-off series Torchwood.	Everyone Says Hello	Dan Abnett
author	The Lad and the Lion is an adventure novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs, written in February 1914.	The Lad and the Lion	Edgar Rice Burroughs
author	Paper Lion is a 1966 non-fiction book by American author George Plimpton.	Paper Lion	George Plimpton
author	The Zürau Aphorisms (German: Die Zürauer Aphorismen) are 109 aphorisms of Franz Kafka, written from September 1917 to April 1918 and published by his friend Max Brod in 1931, after his death.	The Zürau Aphorisms	Franz Kafka
author	Return of the Sorceress is a fantasy novel by Tim Waggoner published in November 2004, and set in the world of Dragonlance, and based on the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.	Return of the Sorceress	Tim Waggoner
author	Adolphe is a classic French novel by Benjamin Constant, first published in 1816.	Adolphe	Benjamin Constant
author	Walking to Babylon is a 1998 novel by Kate Orman in the Virgin New Adventures series featuring the fictional archaeologist Bernice Summerfield (known as Benny).	Walking to Babylon	Kate Orman
author	``I Kissed a Girl'' is a song recorded by American singer Katy Perry for her second studio album, One of the Boys (2008).	I Kissed a Girl	Katy Perry
author	The Abbreviacion of Statutis (1519), of which fifteen editions appeared before 1625, is a book by John Rastell.	The Abbreviacion of Statutis	John Rastell
author	The Return of the Native is Thomas Hardy's sixth published novel.	The Return of the Native	Thomas Hardy
author	Slapping the Table in Amazement (Chinese: 初刻拍案驚奇) is a collection of vernacular short stories, written by Ling Mengchu (1580--1644).	Slapping the Table in Amazement	Ling Mengchu
author	See You Tomorrow is a critically acclaimed novel by Norwegian author Tore Renberg.	See You Tomorrow	Tore Renberg
author	Henry IV, Part 2 is a history play by William Shakespeare, believed written between 1596 and 1599.	Henry IV, Part 2	William Shakespeare
author	Questions of Travel is a 2012 novel by Australian author Michelle de Kretser.	Questions of Travel	Michelle de Kretser
author	The Letters of J. R. R. Tolkien (ISBN 0-618-05699-8) is a selection of J. R. R. Tolkien's letters published in 1981, edited by Tolkien's biographer Humphrey Carpenter assisted by Christopher Tolkien.	The Letters of J. R. R. Tolkien	Humphrey Carpenter	Christopher Tolkien
author	The Towers of Trebizond is a novel by Rose Macaulay (1881--1958).	The Towers of Trebizond	Rose Macaulay
author	Prison Memoirs of an Anarchist is Alexander Berkman's account of his experience in prison in Western Penitentiary of Pennsylvania, in Pittsburgh, from 1892 to 1906.	Prison Memoirs of an Anarchist	Alexander Berkman
author	Hotel World is a postmodern novel, influenced by modernist novels, written by Ali Smith.	Hotel World	Ali Smith
author	``Miss Temptation'' is a short story written by Kurt Vonnegut, published in The Saturday Evening Post in 1956.	Miss Temptation	Kurt Vonnegut
author	The Jessica Darling books are a The New York Times bestselling series of five young adult novels by Megan McCafferty, published between 2001 and 2009.	Jessica Darling	Megan McCafferty
author	Captain Pugwash is a fictional pirate in a series of British children's comic strips and books created by John Ryan.	Captain Pugwash	John Ryan
author	Armageddon's Children is the first novel in Terry Brooks' fantasy trilogy The Genesis of Shannara, which bridges the events of Brooks' Word and Void trilogy with his Shannara series.	Armageddon's Children	Terry Brooks
author	Scottish Folk Tales is a 1976 anthology of 18 fairy tales from Scotland that have been collected and retold by Ruth Manning-Sanders.	Scottish Folk Tales	Ruth Manning-Sanders
author	Kissing the Gunner's Daughter is a 1992 novel by the British mystery writer Ruth Rendell, featuring the recurring character Inspector Reg Wexford.	Kissing the Gunner's Daughter	Ruth Rendell
author	Betelguese, a Trip Through Hell is a 1908 lyrical poem book written by Jean Louis De Esque.	Betelguese, a Trip Through Hell	Jean Louis De Esque
author	``Triumphs of a Taxidermist'' is an 1894 short story by British writer H. G. Wells.	Triumphs of a Taxidermist	H. G. Wells
author	The House of Silk is a Sherlock Holmes novel written by British author Anthony Horowitz, published on 1 November 2011 in the United States and Europe.	The House of Silk	Anthony Horowitz
author	Bazaar-e-Husn (Urdu: بازارٍ حسن‎) or Seva Sadan (Hindi: सेवासदन) is a Hindustani novel by Munshi Premchand.	Bazaar-e-Husn	Munshi Premchand
author	The Pro Tito Annio Milone ad iudicem oratio (Pro Milone) is a speech made by Marcus Tullius Cicero on behalf of his friend Titus Annius Milo.	Pro Milone	Cicero
author	The Sunne in Splendour is a historical novel written by Sharon Kay Penman.	The Sunne in Splendour	Sharon Kay Penman
author	``The Crate'' is a short story by Stephen King, first published in the July 1979 issue of Gallery.	The Crate	Stephen King
author	Bridge of Scarlet Leaves is a 2012 novel by Kristina McMorris, set during the Japanese American internment of World War II. McMorris has stated that she was inspired to write the book due to her own mixed heritage and decided to call the book Bridge of Scarlet Leaves after reading a Japanese haiku.	Bridge of Scarlet Leaves	Kristina McMorris
author	Death to the French is a 1932 novel of the Peninsular War during the Napoleonic Wars, written by C. S. Forester, the author of the Horatio Hornblower novels.	Death to the French	C. S. Forester
author	The Plains of Passage is an historical fiction novel by Jean M. Auel published in 1990.	The Plains of Passage	Jean M. Auel
author	Castle Richmond is the third of five novels set in Ireland by Anthony Trollope.	Castle Richmond	Anthony Trollope
author	Diaries of an Internet Lover is a book by TV Presenter and Journalist Dawn Porter.	Diaries of an Internet Lover	Dawn Porter
author	Eye of the Needle is a spy thriller novel written by Welsh author Ken Follett.	Eye of the Needle	Ken Follett
author	Mistr Kampanus (román) is a Czech history novel, written by Zikmund Winter.	Mistr Kampanus	Zikmund Winter
author	Memories of My Melancholy Whores (Spanish: Memoria de mis putas tristes) is a novella by Gabriel García Márquez.	Memories of My Melancholy Whores	Gabriel García Márquez
author	Myths and Legends of Babylonia and Assyria is a book by Donald Alexander Mackenzie published in 1915.	Myths and Legends of Babylonia and Assyria	Donald Alexander Mackenzie
author	Blaze of Silver is a 2007 young adult historical novel by K M Grant and the final book in the De Granville Trilogy.	Blaze of Silver	K M Grant
author	Mistress Nell Gwyn is the title of the New York edition of an historical novel by the British writer Marjorie Bowen.	Mistress Nell Gwyn	Marjorie Bowen
author	Practical Mysticism is a book written by Evelyn Underhill and first published in 1915.	Practical Mysticism	Evelyn Underhill
author	Muslims believe the Quran was verbally revealed by God to Muhammad through the angel Gabriel (Jibril), gradually over a period of approximately 23 years, beginning on 22 December 609 CE, when Muhammad was 40, and concluding in 632, the year of his death.	Quran	Muhammad	Gabriel
author	Perebendya (Ukrainian: Перебендя) is a poem by Taras Shevchenko about the blind itinerant Ukrainian bard (Kobzar).	Perebendya	Taras Shevchenko
author	The Turn of the Screw, originally published in 1898, is a gothic ghost story novella written by Henry James.	The Turn of the Screw	Henry James
author	Line War is a 2008 science fiction novel by Neal Asher.	Line War	Neal Asher
author	Memories of the Ford Administration is a 1992 novel by John Updike published by Knopf.	Memories of the Ford Administration	John Updike
author	Brother Fish is a novel written by Bryce Courtenay that was published in 2004.	Brother Fish	Bryce Courtenay
author	The Pork Butcher is a novel by English writer David Hughes, first published in 1984, and winner of the 1984 Welsh Arts council prize and the 1985 WH Smith Literary Award.	The Pork Butcher	David Hughes
author	True Devotion to Mary is a book by Saint Louis de Montfort on the Roman Catholic theme of devotion to the Blessed Virgin Mary.	True Devotion to Mary	Louis de Montfort
author	A Small Place in Italy is a travel memoir and autobiographical novel written by Eric Newby, author of The Last Grain Race and Slowly Down the Ganges.	A Small Place in Italy	Eric Newby
author	The Island of the Colorblind is a book by neurologist Oliver Sacks about achromatopsia on the Micronesian atoll of Pingelap.	The Island of the Colorblind	Oliver Sacks
author	Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens is a novel by J. M. Barrie, published in 1906; it is one of four major literary works by Barrie featuring the widely known literary character he created, Peter Pan.	Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens	J. M. Barrie
author	Be More Chill is a science fiction novel published in 2004 by American author Ned Vizzini.	Be More Chill	Ned Vizzini
author	Torch Song Trilogy is a collection of three plays by Harvey Fierstein rendered in three acts:	Torch Song Trilogy	Harvey Fierstein
author	Kulliyaat-e-Jamal (Urdu: کُلیاتِ جمال‎) is a collection of complete poetry work by Jamal Ehsani, a Pakistani poet.	Kulliyaat-e-Jamal	Jamal Ehsani
author	Volume Two, Into the Sun & Other Stories is a collection of science fiction short stories by Robert Duncan Milne and edited by Sam Moskowitz.	Into the Sun & Other Stories	Robert Duncan Milne
author	My Heart's in the Highlands is a 1789 song and poem by Robert Burns sung to the tune Failte na Miosg.	My Heart's in the Highlands	Robert Burns
author	Confessions of an Actor is Laurence Olivier's autobiography.	Confessions of an Actor	Laurence Olivier
author	``A Dynamical Theory of the Electromagnetic Field'' is the third of James Clerk Maxwell's papers regarding electromagnetism, published in 1865.	A Dynamical Theory of the Electromagnetic Field	James Clerk Maxwell
author	A Crazy Occupation is a memoir by Australian journalist Jamie Tarabay, describing her experience as a foreign correspondent for the Associated Press during the Second Intifada.	A Crazy Occupation	Jamie Tarabay
author	The Baritone Wore Chiffon is the second book in Mark Schweizer's St. Germaine mystery series.	The Baritone Wore Chiffon	Mark Schweizer
author	Podkayne of Mars is a science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein, originally serialised in Worlds of If (November 1962, January, March 1963), and published in hardcover in 1963.	Podkayne of Mars	Robert A. Heinlein
author	The Cat's Quizzer is a children's book written and illustrated by Theodor Geisel under the pen name Dr. Seuss and published by Random House on August 12, 1976.	The Cat's Quizzer	Dr. Seuss
author	The Caryatids is a science fiction novel by American writer Bruce Sterling, published in 2009.	The Caryatids	Bruce Sterling
author	``Little Bear Bongo'' is a children's story written by Sinclair Lewis.	Little Bear Bongo	Sinclair Lewis
author	Polaroids from the Dead is a collection of short stories and essays by Douglas Coupland.	Polaroids from the Dead	Douglas Coupland
author	Love Is... is the name of a comic strip created by New Zealand cartoonist Kim Casali (née Grove) in the 1960s.	Love Is...	Kim Casali
author	Bush in Babylon is a book by the historian Tariq Ali, that attacks the 2003 invasion of Iraq.	Bush in Babylon	Tariq Ali
author	The Unicorn Series is a young-adult fantasy novel series by Tanith Lee.	The Unicorn Series	Tanith Lee
author	Anthills of the Savannah is a 1987 novel by Nigerian writer Chinua Achebe.	Anthills of the Savannah	Chinua Achebe
author	Road Hogs was written by Erick Wujcik, and was published by Palladium Books in 1987 as a 48-page book.	Road Hogs	Erick Wujcik
author	An Indian Study of Love and Death (1908) is a book written by Sister Nivedita.	An Indian Study of Love and Death	Sister Nivedita
author	The Girl from Hollywood is an Edgar Rice Burroughs contemporary fiction novel.	The Girl from Hollywood	Edgar Rice Burroughs
author	``Ole Lukøje'' (Danish: Ole Lukøje) is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen based upon a folk tale telling of a mysterious mythic creature of the Sandman who gently takes children to sleep and, depending on how good or bad they were, shows them various dreams.	Ole Lukøje	Hans Christian Andersen
author	Florentine Histories (Italian: Istorie fiorentine) is a historical account by Italian Renaissance political philosopher and writer Niccolò Machiavelli, first published posthumously in 1532.	Florentine Histories	Niccolò Machiavelli
author	The Coming of the Terraphiles is a Doctor Who novel written by Michael Moorcock, featuring the Eleventh Doctor and Amy Pond.	The Coming of the Terraphiles	Michael Moorcock
author	Fascism Viewed from the Right is a book by Italian esoteric writer Julius Evola about the Fascist movement of Italy.	Fascism Viewed from the Right	Julius Evola
author	The Reivers, published in 1962, is the last novel by the American author William Faulkner.	The Reivers	William Faulkner
author	Captain Jan (Dutch: Hollands Glorie) is a 1940 novel by Dutch writer Jan de Hartog.	Captain Jan	Jan de Hartog
author	Hole in My Life is an American autobiography of Jack Gantos and was published by Macmillan Publishers in 2002.	Hole in My Life	Jack Gantos
author	Political Order in Changing Societies is a 1968 book by Samuel P. Huntington dealing with changes in political systems and political institutions.	Political Order in Changing Societies	Samuel P. Huntington
author	Diary of a Wimpy Kid is a satirical realistic fiction novel by Jeff Kinney.	Diary of a Wimpy Kid	Jeff Kinney
author	If Only It Were True (original title: Et si c'etait vrai...) is French author Marc Levy's first novel, released in 1999.	If Only It Were True	Marc Levy
author	My Philosophical Development is a book written by Bertrand Russell summing up his philosophical beliefs and how they changed during his life.	My Philosophical Development	Bertrand Russell
author	The World Factbook (ISSN 1553-8133; also known as the CIA World Factbook) is a reference resource produced by the Central Intelligence Agency with almanac-style information about the countries of the world.	The World Factbook	Central Intelligence Agency
author	The Screwtape Letters is a Christian apologetic novel by C. S. Lewis.	The Screwtape Letters	C. S. Lewis
author	The Wrench, published in the US under the title of The Monkey's Wrench, was one of Primo Levi's collections of stories (another being The Periodic Table).	The Wrench	Primo Levi
author	The Moneychangers is a 1975 novel written by Arthur Hailey.	The Moneychangers	Arthur Hailey
author	The Reason for God (2008) is a book and DVD on Christian apologetics by Timothy J. Keller, a scholar and founding of Redeemer Presbyterian Church in New York City.	The Reason for God	Timothy J. Keller
author	The Formation of the Economic Thought of Karl Marx: 1843 to Capital (French: La formation de la pensée économique de Karl Marx: de 1843 à la rédaction du ``Capital'') is a 1967 book about the economic theories of Karl Marx by Ernest Mandel.	The Formation of the Economic Thought of Karl Marx	Ernest Mandel
author	Brotherband is a series of fantasy novels written by Australian author John Flanagan.	Brotherband	John Flanagan
author	A Foreign Woman (Russian: Иностранка) is a novel by the Russian writer Sergei Dovlatov.	A Foreign Woman	Sergei Dovlatov
author	Three Dialogues between Hylas and Philonous is a book written by George Berkeley in 1713.	Three Dialogues between Hylas and Philonous	George Berkeley
author	Executive Order 10925, signed by President John F. Kennedy on March 6, 1961, required government contractors to ``take affirmative action to ensure that applicants are employed and that employees are treated during employment without regard to their race, creed, color, or national origin.''	Executive Order 10925	John F. Kennedy
author	The Two Georges is an alternate history novel co-written by science fiction author Harry Turtledove and Oscar-winning actor Richard Dreyfuss.	The Two Georges	Harry Turtledove	Richard Dreyfuss
author	Les Vingt et un Jours d'un neurasthénique is an expressionist novel by the French writer Octave Mirbeau, published by Charpentier-Fasquelle in August 1901.	Les Vingt et un Jours d'un neurasthénique	Octave Mirbeau
author	Pnin (Russian pronunciation: (pnjin)) is Vladimir Nabokov's 13th novel and his fourth written in English; it was published in 1957.	Pnin	Vladimir Nabokov
author	The Kew Letters (also known as the Circular Note of Kew) were a number of letters, written by stadtholder William V, Prince of Orange between 30 January and 8 February 1795 from the ``Dutch House'' at Kew Palace, where he temporarily stayed after his flight to England on 18 January 1795.	Kew Letters	William V, Prince of Orange
author	Random Acts of Senseless Violence is a dystopian and speculative fiction novel by Jack Womack.	Random Acts of Senseless Violence	Jack Womack
author	The Blackstone Chronicles is a serialized novel by American horror and suspense author John Saul.	Blackstone Chronicles	John Saul
author	The Soul of the Robot is the sixth science fiction novel by Barrington J. Bayley, featuring the character Jasperodus from his 1956 story ``Fugitive''.	The Soul of the Robot	Barrington J. Bayley
author	Published in 2004 by Penguin Books, Adrian Mole and the Weapons of Mass Destruction is Sue Townsend's sixth full Adrian Mole novel (as opposed to and the Small Amphibians and the Guardian serial).	Adrian Mole and the Weapons of Mass Destruction	Sue Townsend
author	Send Him Victorious is a political thriller, written in 1968 by Andrew Osmond (a former officer of Gurkha troops and diplomat) and Douglas Hurd (another former diplomat who later became a MP and Cabinet minister.	Send Him Victorious	Douglas Hurd
author	Disney Fairies debuted September 2005, when Disney Publishing Worldwide unveiled the novel Fairy Dust and the Quest for the Egg, written by Newbery Honor-winning author Gail Carson Levine with a US$1 million marketing and publicity campaign and a virtual world.	Disney Fairies	Gail Carson Levine
author	Moonlight on the Avenue of Faith is the second novel from Gina B. Nahai and follows the story of Lili and her mother's mysterious disappearance.	Moonlight on the Avenue of Faith	Gina B. Nahai
author	1080 recetas de cocina (English title: 1080 Recipes) is a 1972 Spanish cookbook written by Spanish food writer Simone Ortega and published by Alianza Editorial; it has since been updated and maintained by Ortega and her daughter Inés.	1080 recetas de cocina	Simone Ortega
author	In Praise of Hard Industries is a book about the economic impact of fewer manufacturing jobs in the United States written by Irish journalist and author Eamonn Fingleton.	In Praise of Hard Industries	Eamonn Fingleton
author	The Courageous Turk, or Amurath I is a play by the Jacobean dramatist Thomas Goffe, first performed in 1618 and published posthumously in 1632.	The Courageous Turk	Thomas Goffe
author	``Studio 5, The Stars'' is a short story by British author J. G. Ballard, first appearing in the February 1961 edition of Science Fantasy (Volume 15, Number 43); it was reprinted in the collection Billennium the following year.	Studio 5, The Stars	J. G. Ballard
author	Slow Learner is the 1984 published collection of five early short stories by the American novelist Thomas Pynchon, originally published in various sources between 1959 and 1964.	Slow Learner	Thomas Pynchon
author	Flynn of the Inland is a biography by Ion Idriess of John Flynn, founder of the Royal Flying Doctors service.	Flynn of the Inland	Ion Idriess
author	The Gospel According to Larry is a ``coming of age'' political, romantic teen novel by Janet Tashjian that explores anti-consumerism.	The Gospel According to Larry	Janet Tashjian
author	Mimì Bluette... fiore del mio giardino (Mimì Bluette... flower of my garden) is a novel written by Guido da Verona in 1918.	Mimì Bluette... fiore del mio giardino	Guido da Verona
author	Man Descending is a collection of short stories written by Saskatchewan-born writer Guy Vanderhaeghe.	Man Descending	Guy Vanderhaeghe
author	Sketches of Rome is Apollon Maykov's second book of poetry, published in 1847.	Sketches of Rome	Apollon Maykov
author	The Death Gate Cycle is a seven-part series (heptalogy) of fantasy novels written by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman.	The Death Gate Cycle	Margaret Weis	Tracy Hickman
author	The Society of the Spectacle (French: La société du spectacle) is a 1967 work of philosophy and Marxist critical theory by Guy Debord.	The Society of the Spectacle	Guy Debord
author	The Sexual Life of Catherine M. by the art critic Catherine Millet was published in the author's native French in 2001.	The Sexual Life of Catherine M.	Catherine Millet
author	A Mirror for Witches is a 1928 novel by American author Esther Forbes, dealing with the witch hunt in 17th Century New England.	A Mirror for Witches	Esther Forbes
author	Towards the Last Spike was written in 1952 by Canadian poet E. J. Pratt.	Towards the Last Spike	E. J. Pratt
author	Psychoshop is a science fiction novel begun by Alfred Bester, who died in 1987, and finished by Roger Zelazny.	Psychoshop	Alfred Bester	Roger Zelazny
author	Rhondda Roundabout (1934) was the first published novel by the Welsh writer Jack Jones.	Rhondda Roundabout	Jack Jones
author	The Watertower is a 1994 young adult's picture book written by Australian author Gary Crew and illustrated by Steven Woolman.	The Watertower	Gary Crew
author	Child Whispers (published in 1922) is the first published work of the English children's author Enid Blyton, illustrated by her childhood friend and collaborator Phyllis Chase.	Child Whispers	Enid Blyton
author	A Leaf in the Storm, a Novel of War-Swept China is a 1941 novel by Lin Yutang, in effect a sequel to his Moment in Peking.	A Leaf in the Storm	Lin Yutang
author	Isaac's Universe is a fictional universe created by Isaac Asimov for other science fiction writers to use as a setting.	Isaac's Universe	Isaac Asimov
author	``The Hedgehog and the Fox'' is an essay by philosopher Isaiah Berlin.	The Hedgehog and the Fox	Isaiah Berlin
author	Kocharethi (കൊച്ചരേത്തി) is a Malayalam novel by Narayan, often described as Kerala's first tribal novelist, that was published in 1998.	Kocharethi	Narayan
author	The Muqaddimah, also known as the Muqaddimah of Ibn Khaldun (Arabic: مقدّمة ابن خلدون‎) or Ibn Khaldun's Prolegomena (Ancient Greek: ἡ Προλεγόμενα), is a book written by the Ifriqiyan Muslim Arab historian Ibn Khaldun in 1377 which records an early view of universal history.	Muqaddimah	Ibn Khaldun
author	Le Vin de solitude, published in English as The Wine of Solitude, is a novel by Russian Jewish author Irène Némirovsky (1903 -- 1942), who died in the Holocaust.	Le Vin de solitude	Irène Némirovsky
author	Italian Hours is a book of travel writing by Henry James published in 1909.	Italian Hours	Henry James
author	Hardboiled & Hard Luck (ハードボイルド／ハードラック Alt: Hādoboirudo. English) is a novel written by Japanese author Banana Yoshimoto in 1999 and translated into English in 2005 by Michael Emmerich.	Hardboiled & Hard Luck	Banana Yoshimoto
author	Merry Christmas, Mr. Baxter was a novel written and published in 1956 by American author Edward Streeter.	Merry Christmas, Mr. Baxter	Edward Streeter
author	The Present and the Past (1953) is a novel by Ivy Compton-Burnett about the head of a family who, although outwardly powerful and in charge, is suffering under the fact that he is being belittled and at some point even outright ignored by family and servants alike.	The Present and the Past	Ivy Compton-Burnett
author	The Antiquarian's Family, or The Mother-in-law and the Daughter (La famiglia dell'antiquario, ossia La suocera e la nuora) is a comedy by Venetian author Carlo Goldoni, first published in 1749.	The Antiquarian's Family	Carlo Goldoni
author	William Wetmore Story and His Friends is a biography of sculptor William Wetmore Story by Henry James, published in 1903.	William Wetmore Story and His Friends	Henry James
author	The Fierce Dispute is a 1929 novel by Helen Hooven Santmyer.	The Fierce Dispute	Helen Hooven Santmyer
author	The Terrible Truth About Liberals is a 2001 political, non-fiction book by Neal Boortz.	The Terrible Truth About Liberals	Neal Boortz
author	Desert Encounter (Danish: Ørkenen Brænder) is a book written by the Danish journalist Knud Holmboe who had converted to Islam.	Desert Encounter	Knud Holmboe
author	``The Goat and Her Three Kids'' or ``The Goat with Three Kids'' (Romanian: Capra cu trei iezi) is an 1875 short story, fable and fairy tale by Romanian author Ion Creangă.	The Goat and Her Three Kids	Ion Creangă
author	Guenevere, Queen of the Summer Country is a novel by Rosalind Miles, based on Arthurian legend.	Guenevere, Queen of the Summer Country	Rosalind Miles
author	They'd Rather Be Right (also known as The Forever Machine) is a science fiction novel by Mark Clifton and Frank Riley.	They'd Rather Be Right	Mark Clifton	Frank Riley
author	The Green Brain (1966), initially published as Greenslaves, is a science fiction novel by Frank Herbert.	The Green Brain	Frank Herbert
author	Letters to Family, Friends, and Editors is a book collecting some of Franz Kafka's letters from 1900 to 1924.	Letters to Family, Friends, and Editors	Franz Kafka
author	Worlds in Collision is a book written by Immanuel Velikovsky and first published April 3, 1950.	Worlds in Collision	Immanuel Velikovsky
author	Doctor Fischer of Geneva or The bomb party (1980) is a novel by the English novelist Graham Greene.	Doctor Fischer of Geneva	Graham Greene
author	The Road to San Vicente is a book by Leif Borthen about life in the tiny village of Sant Vicent de sa Cala in the far north east of the Spanish island of Ibiza.	The Road to San Vicente	Leif Borthen
author	Eight Days of Luke is a children's fantasy novel written by Diana Wynne Jones published in 1975.	Eight Days of Luke	Diana Wynne Jones
author	The Starchild Trilogy is a series of three books written by Frederik Pohl and Jack Williamson.	Starchild Trilogy	Frederik Pohl	Jack Williamson
author	Sessanta racconti (``sixty stories'') is a 1958 short story collection by the Italian writer Dino Buzzati.	Sessanta racconti	Dino Buzzati
author	Power on Earth is a biography of mafia-linked Italian banker and accused murderer Michele Sindona written by Nick Tosches.	Power on Earth	Nick Tosches
author	In 1983, Al Alvarez published, The Biggest Game in Town, a book detailing the 1981 World Series of Poker event.	The Biggest Game in Town	Al Alvarez
author	The Nazi and the Barber (also published as The Nazi Who Lived As a Jew, in the German original Der Nazi & der Friseur) of the German-Jewish writer Edgar Hilsenrath is a grotesque novel about the Holocaust during the time of National Socialism in Germany.	The Nazi and the Barber	Edgar Hilsenrath
author	The Candle in the Wind is the fourth book from the collection The Once and Future King by T. H. White.	The Candle in the Wind	T. H. White
author	On Stranger Tides is a 1987 historical fantasy novel written by Tim Powers.	On Stranger Tides	Tim Powers
author	Rivalry and Tribute is a book written by Bruce Elliot Tapper that offers a peek into a 1970's village society in India.	Rivalry and Tribute	Bruce Elliot Tapper
author	The Tale of the Pie and the Patty-Pan (originally, The Pie and the Patty-Pan) is a children's book written and illustrated by Beatrix Potter, and published by Frederick Warne & Co. in October 1905.	The Tale of the Pie and the Patty-Pan	Beatrix Potter
author	The Moviegoer is the debut novel by Walker Percy, first published in the United States by Vintage in 1961.	The Moviegoer	Walker Percy
author	Alphabetical Africa is a constrained writing experiment by Walter Abish.	Alphabetical Africa	Walter Abish
author	Sophat (Khmer: រឿងសូផាត) was the first Khmer romance novel written in 1938 by Rim Kin and was published in 1942.	Sophat	Rim Kin
author	Live Not as You Would Like To (Ne tak zhivi kak khotsetsya, Не так живи, как хочется) is a play by Alexander Ostrovsky.	Live Not as You Would Like To	Alexander Ostrovsky
author	Throy is a 1992 science fiction novel by Jack Vance, the final work in the Cadwal Chronicles, a trilogy set in Vance's Gaean Reach.	Throy	Jack Vance
author	Flora Lapponica (Amsterdam, 1737) is an account of the plants of Lapland written by botanist, zoologist and naturalist Carl Linnaeus (1707-1788) following his expedition to Lapland.	Flora Lapponica	Carl Linnaeus
author	On Crimes and Punishments (Italian: Dei delitti e delle pene (dei deˈlitti e ddelle ˈpeːne)), is a treatise written by Cesare Beccaria in 1764.	On Crimes and Punishments	Cesare Beccaria
author	The Lying Stones of Marrakech (2000) is the ninth volume of collected essays by the Harvard paleontologist, Stephen Jay Gould.	The Lying Stones of Marrakech	Stephen Jay Gould
author	Rosaura at 10 O'Clock (Spanish: Rosaura a las 10) is a 1958 Argentine crime film directed by Mario Soffici, based on a novel by Marco Denevi.	Rosaura at 10 O'Clock	Marco Denevi
author	One Child is a novel by American author and psychologist Torey Hayden.	One Child	Torey Hayden
author	Tales from the Town of Widows is a lyrical novel written by Colombian-born author James Cañón.	Tales from the Town of Widows	James Cañón
author	The Enchanted Type-Writer is a collection of short stories by the American author John Kendrick Bangs, written in 1899 in the style that has become known as Bangsian fantasy.	The Enchanted Type-Writer	John Kendrick Bangs
author	An Asian Minor is a novel by Felice Picano in which he re-invents the myth of Ganymede.	An Asian Minor	Felice Picano
author	Sword Quest is a 2008 children's adventure novel by Nancy Yi Fan.	Sword Quest	Nancy Yi Fan
author	The Exile Kiss is a cyberpunk science fiction novel by George Alec Effinger published in 1991.	The Exile Kiss	George Alec Effinger
author	The Invisible Man is a science fiction novella by H. G. Wells.	The Invisible Man	H. G. Wells
author	The Practice of Programming (ISBN 0-201-61586-X) by Brian W. Kernighan and Rob Pike is a 1999 book about computer programming and software engineering, published by Addison-Wesley.	The Practice of Programming	Rob Pike
author	``The Remarkable Rocket'' is a short fairytale that was first published in 1888 in The Happy Prince and Other Tales which is a collection of five fairytales written by Oscar Wilde.	The Remarkable Rocket	Oscar Wilde
author	``Esquisse d'un Programme'' is a famous proposal for long-term mathematical research made by the German-born, French mathematician Alexander Grothendieck in 1984.	Esquisse d'un Programme	Alexander Grothendieck
author	Shalimar the Clown is a 2005 novel by Salman Rushdie, the author of The Satanic Verses and Midnight's Children.	Shalimar the Clown	Salman Rushdie
author	Skimrande vårar in Swedish and Legenden om den øde skogen in Norwegian (in English Glittering Springs or Legend about the Inhabitant Forest; this novel has not been translated into English) is a short historical novel by author Margit Sandemo from 1993.	Skimrande vårar	Margit Sandemo
author	Best of the Best Volume 2: 20 Years of the Year's Best Short Science Fiction Novels (ISBN 978-0312363413) is a science fiction anthology edited by Gardner Dozois that was published in 2007.	Best of the Best Volume 2: 20 Years of the Year's Best Short Science Fiction Novels	Gardner Dozois
author	Forty Signs of Rain (2004) is the first book in the hard science fiction ``Science in the Capital'' trilogy by Kim Stanley Robinson.	Forty Signs of Rain	Kim Stanley Robinson
author	Blooded on Arachne is a collection of science fiction stories by American author Michael Bishop.	Blooded on Arachne	Michael Bishop
author	The Dark Brotherhood and Other Pieces is a collection of stories, poems and essays by American author H. P. Lovecraft and others, edited by August Derleth.	The Dark Brotherhood and Other Pieces	H. P. Lovecraft
author	The Log from the Sea of Cortez is an English-language book written by American author John Steinbeck and published in 1951.	The Log from the Sea of Cortez	John Steinbeck
author	Hedda Gabler (Norwegian pronunciation: (ˈˈhɛdːɑ ˈɡɑːbləɾ)) is a play written by Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen.	Hedda Gabler	Henrik Ibsen
author	A Bitter Fate (Russian: Горькая судьбина, Gorkaya sudbina), also translated as A Bitter Lot, is an 1859 realistic play by Aleksey Pisemsky.	A Bitter Fate	Aleksey Pisemsky
author	The Discourse on Voluntary Servitude, or the Anti-Dictator (French: Discours de la servitude volontaire ou le Contr'un) is the most famous work of Étienne de La Boétie.	Discourse on Voluntary Servitude	Étienne de La Boétie
author	The Year of Magical Thinking (2005), by Joan Didion (b. 1934), is an account of the year following the death of the author's husband John Gregory Dunne (1932--2003).	The Year of Magical Thinking	Joan Didion
author	Kytice z pověstí národních (A Bouquet of Folk Legends), also known by the short title Kytice (Czech for bouquet; pronounced KEE-tyee-tseh), is a collection of ballads by the Czech author Karel Jaromír Erben.	Kytice	Karel Jaromír Erben
author	The Master of Hestviken is a tetralogy about medieval Norway written by Sigrid Undset.	The Master of Hestviken	Sigrid Undset
author	Haunting Violet is a paranormal novel by Alyxandra Harvey.	Haunting Violet	Alyxandra Harvey
author	Rosapenna is a novel published in 1983 by the Norwegian writer Ola Bauer.	Rosapenna	Ola Bauer
author	The Dead Secret was Wilkie Collins'' fourth published novel.	The Dead Secret	Wilkie Collins
author	Smart Girls Get What They Want is a 2012 young adult fiction novel by Sarah Strohmeyer.	Smart Girls Get What They Want	Sarah Strohmeyer
author	Three Uneasy Pieces is a collection of three short stories by Australian writer Patrick White, first published by Pascoe Publishing in 1987.	Three Uneasy Pieces	Patrick White
author	A Blues for Shindig is a gritty crime novel based in 1950s Soho and written by Mo Foster.	A Blues for Shindig	Mo Foster
author	The Trial of Joan of Arc of Proven, 1431 is an adaptation by the German dramatist Bertolt Brecht of a radio play by Anna Seghers.	The Trial of Joan of Arc of Proven, 1431	Bertolt Brecht
author	A Pirate Looks at Fifty is the autobiography of the singer and songwriter Jimmy Buffett, revolving around the singer's fiftieth birthday.	A Pirate Looks at Fifty	Jimmy Buffett
author	The Enormous Crocodile is a 1978 children's story by Roald Dahl.	The Enormous Crocodile	Roald Dahl
author	The Middleman is a comic book series written by Javier Grillo-Marxuach with art by Les McClaine and published by Viper Comics.	The Middleman	Javier Grillo-Marxuach
author	Krapp's Last Tape is a one-act play, in English, by Samuel Beckett.	Krapp's Last Tape	Samuel Beckett
author	Classes Plantarum (``Classes of plants'', Leiden, Oct. 1738) was written by Carl Linnaeus, a Swedish botanist, physician, zoologist and naturalist.	Classes Plantarum	Carl Linnaeus
author	Touching from a Distance is a biography written by Deborah Curtis.	Touching from a Distance	Deborah Curtis
author	``Three-Ten to Yuma'' is a short story written by Elmore Leonard that was first published in Dime Western Magazine, a 1950s pulp magazine, in March 1953.	Three-Ten to Yuma	Elmore Leonard
author	Silent Spring is an environmental science book written by Rachel Carson and published in 1962.	Silent Spring	Rachel Carson
author	``In the Doghouse'' is a short story by Orson Scott Card and Jay A. Parry.	In the Doghouse	Jay A. Parry
author	A Matter of Honour is a novel by Jeffrey Archer, first published in 1986.	A Matter of Honour	Jeffrey Archer
author	Inés of My Soul (Spanish: Inés del alma mía, 2006) is a historical novel by Chilean author Isabel Allende.	Inés of My Soul	Isabel Allende
author	Assholes Finish First is a book by Tucker Max, detailing anecdotal stories, usually revolving around drinking and sex.	Assholes Finish First	Tucker Max
author	Helen with a High Hand is a short, comedic novel by Arnold Bennett, published in 1910.	Helen with a High Hand	Arnold Bennett
author	P.S. Longer Letter Later is an epistolary novel written by Paula Danziger and Ann M. Martin in 1998.	P.S. Longer Letter Later	Paula Danziger	Ann M. Martin
author	Die Huldigung der Künste (The Homage of the Arts) is a dramatic poem written by Friedrich Schiller.	Die Huldigung der Künste	Friedrich Schiller
author	``The Open Boat'' is a short story by American author Stephen Crane (1871--1900).	The Open Boat	Stephen Crane
author	The Talismans of Shannara is the fourth book of the tetralogy The Heritage of Shannara written by Terry Brooks.	The Talismans of Shannara	Terry Brooks
author	In Xanadu is a 1989 travel book by William Dalrymple.	In Xanadu	William Dalrymple
author	A Cure for Cancer is a novel by British fantasy and science fiction writer Michael Moorcock, first published in London 1971 by Allison and Busby.	A Cure for Cancer	Michael Moorcock
author	Icarus at the Edge of Time is a 2008 novella by physicist Brian Greene, illustrated by Chip Kidd with images from the Hubble Space Telescope.	Icarus at the Edge of Time	Brian Greene
author	Undoing Gender is a 2004 book by philosopher Judith Butler.	Undoing Gender	Judith Butler
author	It details the secret history of the occult organization S.H.I.E.L.D. The series is written by Jonathan Hickman and drawn by Dustin Weaver.	S.H.I.E.L.D.	Jonathan Hickman
author	The Film That Changed My Life (also known as The Film That Changed My Life: 30 Directors on Their Epiphanies in the Dark) is a non-fiction collection of interviews compiled by American journalist, author and film columnist Robert K. Elder.	The Film That Changed My Life	Robert K. Elder
author	The Christmas Box (ISBN 9781566840286) is an American novel written by Richard Paul Evans and self-published in 1993.	The Christmas Box	Richard Paul Evans
author	The March of Democracy is a two-volume book by James Truslow Adams, published in 1932 and 1933.	The March of Democracy	James Truslow Adams
author	Beyond the Fall of Night (1990) is a novel by Arthur C. Clarke and Gregory Benford.	Beyond the Fall of Night	Arthur C. Clarke	Gregory Benford
author	Mel Oliver and Space Rover on Mars is a science fiction novel by William Morrison (pseudonym of Joseph Samachson).	Mel Oliver and Space Rover on Mars	Joseph Samachson
author	Libraries in the Medieval and Renaissance Periods was the Rede Lecture of 1894, given by John Willis Clark.	Libraries in the Medieval and Renaissance Periods	John Willis Clark
author	Philip Hall Likes Me, I Reckon Maybe is a children's novel written by Bette Greene that was awarded a Newbery Honor in 1975.	Philip Hall Likes Me, I Reckon Maybe	Bette Greene
author	A Hero of Our Time (Russian: Герой нашего времени, Geroy nashego vremeni) is a novel by Mikhail Lermontov, written in 1839 and revised in 1841.	A Hero of Our Time	Mikhail Lermontov
author	Fire and Hemlock is a modern fantasy by British author Diana Wynne Jones based largely on the Scottish ballads ``Tam Lin'' and ``Thomas the Rhymer.''	Fire and Hemlock	Diana Wynne Jones
author	Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe is a coming-of-age young adult novel by American author Benjamin Alire Sáenz which was first published in 2012.	Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe	Benjamin Alire Sáenz
author	Hope and Other Dangerous Pursuits is a 2005 novel by Moroccan American author Laila Lalami.	Hope and Other Dangerous Pursuits	Laila Lalami
author	Wolfcry is the fourth installment of the Kiesha'ra Series by American author Amelia Atwater-Rhodes.	Wolfcry	Amelia Atwater-Rhodes
author	The Phoenician Women (Ancient Greek: Φοίνισσαι, Phoinissai) is a tragedy by Euripides, based on the same story as Aeschylus' play Seven Against Thebes.	The Phoenician Women	Euripides
award received	Keith Raywood, also credited as Keith Ian Raywood, is an Emmy Award-winning American production designer.	Keith Raywood	Emmy Award
cast member	Escanaba in da Moonlight (``da'' is Yooper for ``the'') is a 2001 movie starring Jeff Daniels.	Escanaba in da Moonlight	Jeff Daniels
cast member	Bridge to the Sun is a 1961 film, directed by Etienne Périer, starring Carroll Baker, James Shigeta, James Yagi, Tetsuro Tamba, and Sean Garrison.	Bridge to the Sun	Carroll Baker	James Shigeta
cast member	The Fightin' Fury is a 1921 short Western film directed by and starring Hoot Gibson.	The Fightin' Fury	Hoot Gibson
cast member	Beyond the Cities is a 1930 British drama film directed by Carlyle Blackwell and starring Blackwell, Edna Best and Alexander Field.	Beyond the Cities	Carlyle Blackwell
cast member	El Retorno de Walpurgis (The Return of Walpurgis), also known as Curse of the Devil and The Black Harvest of Countess Dracula, is a 1972 Spanish horror film that is the seventh in a series about the werewolf Count Waldemar Daninsky, played by Paul Naschy.	El Retorno de Walpurgis	Paul Naschy
cast member	Shadow of a Doubt is a 1943 American psychological thriller directed by Alfred Hitchcock, and starring Teresa Wright and Joseph Cotten.	Shadow of a Doubt	Teresa Wright	Joseph Cotten
cast member	Rob Das as Belga Graziela Felix as Rânia Mariana Lima as Estela Nataly Rocha as Zizi Paulo José	Rânia	Rob Das	Mariana Lima	Paulo José
cast member	Kalyug Aur Ramayan is a Hindi film starring Manoj Kumar, Madhavi, Prem Chopra, Om Prakash, Bindu and Rajiv Goswami.	Kalyug Aur Ramayan	Manoj Kumar
cast member	Ride a Crooked Trail is a 1958 American western film shot in CinemaScope, with former World War II hero Audie Murphy and future Academy Award winning actor Walter Matthau heading a strong if not well-known cast.	Ride a Crooked Trail	Audie Murphy	Walter Matthau
cast member	Valley of Eagles (US release title Valley of the Eagles) is a 1951 British thriller film written and directed by Terence Young and starring Jack Warner, Nadia Gray and John McCallum.	Valley of Eagles	Jack Warner	Nadia Gray	John McCallum
cast member	Santa with Muscles is a 1996 American Christmas comedy film starring Hulk Hogan and directed by John Murlowski.	Santa with Muscles	Hulk Hogan
cast member	Shaadi Ke Side Effects (English: The Side Effects of Marriage) is a 2014 Bollywood romantic comedy film directed by Saket Chaudhary and starring Farhan Akhtar alongside Vidya Balan in lead roles.	Shaadi Ke Side Effects	Farhan Akhtar	Vidya Balan
cast member	Sakkare (Kannada: ಸಕ್ಕರೆ) is a 2013 Indian Kannada-language romantic drama film written and directed by Abhaya Simha, which stars Ganesh and Deepa Sannidhi in the lead roles.	Sakkare	Ganesh	Deepa Sannidhi
cast member	The Gentle Gunman is a black-and-white 1952 Ealing Studios drama film, directed by Basil Dearden and starring John Mills and Dirk Bogarde.	The Gentle Gunman	John Mills	Dirk Bogarde
cast member	Vakkalathu Narayanankutty is a 2001 Malayalam film co-written and directed by T. K. Rajeev Kumar with Jayaram, Manya, Mukesh and Jagathy Sreekumar in the lead.	Vakkalathu Narayanankutty	Jayaram	Manya	Mukesh	Jagathy Sreekumar
cast member	Ek Alag Mausam (English: A Different Season) (Hindi: एक अलग मौसम) is 2003 Hindi movie directed by K.P.Sasi with Nandita Das, Anupam Kher and Rajit Kapur in the lead roles.	Ek Alag Mausam	Nandita Das	Anupam Kher
cast member	Chotti Bahu is an Indian television soap opera that aired on Zee TV,starring Avinash Sachdev as Dev and Rubina Dilaik as Radhika.	Chotti Bahu	Avinash Sachdev	Rubina Dilaik
cast member	The Pirates of the Mississippi (German:Die Flußpiraten vom Mississippi) is a 1963 western film directed by Jürgen Roland and starring Hansjörg Felmy, Brad Harris and Sabine Sinjen.	The Pirates of the Mississippi	Hansjörg Felmy	Brad Harris	Sabine Sinjen
cast member	Roman Scandals is a 1933 American black-and-white Pre-Code musical film starring Eddie Cantor, Ruth Etting, Gloria Stuart, Edward Arnold and David Manners.	Roman Scandals	Eddie Cantor	Ruth Etting	Gloria Stuart	Edward Arnold	David Manners
cast member	Enakkaga Kaathiru is a 1981 Tamil-language film directed by P. S. Nivas, starring Suman, Sumalatha and Bhanuchander.	Enakkaga Kaathiru	Suman
cast member	Preethsod Thappa (Kannada: ಪ್ರೀತ್ಸೋದ್ ತಪ್ಪಾ) is a 1998 Indian Kannada language romance-drama musical film directed by V. Ravichandran and produced by Rockline Venkatesh.	Preethsod Thappa	V. Ravichandran
cast member	Tenth Avenue Angel is a 1948 American film that chronicles the life and family of Flavia Mills (Margaret O'Brien) in the late 1930s.	Tenth Avenue Angel	Margaret O'Brien
cast member	Zorro and the Three Musketeers (Italian: Zorro e i tre moschettieri, also known as Mask of the Musketeers and Zorro vs. the Three Musketeers) is a 1963 Italian comedy-adventure film directed by Luigi Capuano and starring Gordon Scott.	Zorro and the Three Musketeers	Gordon Scott
cast member	Lake Placid 2 is a 2007 made-for-television horror comedy film directed by David Flores, starring John Schneider and produced by Sony Pictures and the Sci-Fi Channel.	Lake Placid 2	John Schneider
cast member	Fire Dragon (火雲傳奇) A.K.A Fiery Romance is a 1994 wuxia film with comedy and action elements, which features Brigitte Lin in the lead.	Fire Dragon	Brigitte Lin
cast member	Dil Pardesi Ho Gaya (Punjabi: ਦਿਲ ਪਰਦੇਸੀ ਹੋ ਗਿਆ) is a Punjabi film, directed by Thakur Tapasvi, starring Inderjit Nikku and Sana Nawaz Khan in lead roles with Shakti Kapoor, Daljit Kaur, Jaspal Bhatti, Raza Murad, Muhammad Sadiq, Sardar Sohi and other.	Dil Pardesi Ho Gaya	Inderjit Nikku
cast member	Murder on a Honeymoon is an American 1935 mystery film starring Edna May Oliver and James Gleason.	Murder on a Honeymoon	Edna May Oliver	James Gleason
cast member	People of the Mountains (Hungarian: Emberek a havason) is a 1942 Hungarian drama film directed by István Szőts and starring Alice Szellay, János Görbe, Péterke Ferency.	People of the Mountains	János Görbe
cast member	Dead Game is a 1923 American Western film directed by Edward Sedgwick and featuring Hoot Gibson.	Dead Game	Hoot Gibson
cast member	Oru Odai Nadhiyagirathu is a 1983 Tamil-language Indian feature film written, produced and directed by C. V. Sridhar, starring Raghuvaran in lead role.	Oru Odai Nadhiyagirathu	Raghuvaran
cast member	Cyborg Soldier is a science fiction film released on October 7, 2008, directed by John Stead, and starring Rich Franklin, Tiffani Thiessen, and Bruce Greenwood.	Cyborg Soldier	Rich Franklin	Tiffani Thiessen	Bruce Greenwood
cast member	A Lonely Place for Dying is a 2012 American independent drama-thriller film directed by Justin Eugene Evans and produced by James Cromwell.	A Lonely Place for Dying	James Cromwell
cast member	Dark House is a supernatural horror film directed by Darin Scott and stars Jeffrey Combs, Meghan Ory and Diane Salinger with Matt Cohen, Shelly Cole, Danso Gordon, Ryan Melander, Bevin Prince, Meghan Maureen McDonough and Scott Whyte.	Dark House	Jeffrey Combs
cast member	When Eagles Strike (aka Operation Balikatan in the Philippines) is a 2003 action film starring ex-bodybuilder Christian Boeving, Stacy Keach, Nate Adams, Eddie Garcia and Monsour del Rosario.	When Eagles Strike	Christian Boeving	Stacy Keach	Nate Adams	Eddie Garcia
cast member	The Long Good Friday is a British gangster film starring Bob Hoskins and Helen Mirren.	The Long Good Friday	Bob Hoskins	Helen Mirren
cast member	Romy and Michele's High School Reunion is a 1997 comedy film starring Lisa Kudrow, Mira Sorvino, Janeane Garofalo, Camryn Manheim, and Alan Cumming, and directed by David Mirkin.	Romy and Michele's High School Reunion	Lisa Kudrow	Mira Sorvino	Janeane Garofalo	Camryn Manheim	Alan Cumming
cast member	The Air Up There is a 1994 American comedy film directed by Paul Michael Glaser and starring Kevin Bacon and Charles Gitonga Maina with Yolanda Vazquez as Sister Susan.	The Air Up There	Kevin Bacon	Yolanda Vazquez
cast member	Crossroads Guitar Festival 2010 is a concert film released from November 8, 2010 by the British rock musician Eric Clapton under Rhino Records and the Warner Music Group.	Crossroads Guitar Festival 2010	Eric Clapton
cast member	The Acting Class is a 2000 American independent film directed by and starring Jill Hennessy and Elizabeth Holder.	The Acting Class	Jill Hennessy
cast member	Mister Quilp is a 1975 British musical film directed by Michael Tuchner and starring Anthony Newley, David Hemmings and Jill Bennett.	Mister Quilp	Anthony Newley
cast member	Age Isn't Everything (a.k.a. Life in the Food Chain) is a 1991 comedy film directed by Douglas Katz, and starring Jonathan Silverman, Robert Prosky, and Rita Moreno.	Age Isn't Everything	Jonathan Silverman
cast member	The Diamond from the Sky is a 1915 American silent adventure film serial starring Lottie Pickford, Irving Cummings, and William Russell, and directed by Jacques Jaccard and William Desmond Taylor.	The Diamond from the Sky	Lottie Pickford	Irving Cummings	William Russell
cast member	Radha Gopalam (Telugu: రాధ గోపాలం) is a 2005 Telugu film which stars Srikanth and Sneha, based on the Hollywood movie, ``Adam's Rib''.	Radha Gopalam	Sneha
cast member	Neelakurukkan is a 1992 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Shaji Kailas, starring Ashokan and Baiju in the lead roles.	Neelakurukkan	Ashokan
cast member	The Cossack and the Nightingale (German:Der Kosak und die Nachtigall) is a 1935 Austrian romantic thriller film directed by Phil Jutzi and starring Jarmila Novotna, Iván Petrovich and Gerda Maurus.	The Cossack and the Nightingale	Iván Petrovich	Gerda Maurus
cast member	Miss Tatlock's Millions is an American screwball comedy film directed by Richard Haydn in 1948.	Miss Tatlock's Millions	Richard Haydn
cast member	Little Miss Hoover is a 1918 American silent romantic drama film directed by John S. Robertson and stars Marguerite Clark.	Little Miss Hoover	Marguerite Clark
cast member	The Moon-Spinners was Mills' fifth of six films for Disney, and featured the legendary silent film actress Pola Negri in her final screen performance.	The Moon-Spinners	Pola Negri
cast member	Bank Brothers is a 2004 comedy film directed and written by Kenneth Guertin Kenneth Guertin as Diamond Man Crooked I as Mob Boss Alexa Havins as Store Owner Spider Loc as Innocent Perpetrator	Bank Brothers	Kenneth Guertin Kenneth Guertin
cast member	Iravum Pagalum (Tamil: இரவும் பகலும் English: Night and Day) is a 1965 Indian Tamil crime thriller film directed by Joseph Thaliath Jr. The film starred debutant Jaishankar and C Vasantha in the lead.	Iravum Pagalum	Jaishankar
cast member	Hokuriku Proxy War (北陸代理戦争, Hokuriku dairi sensō) is a 1977 film directed by Kinji Fukasaku and starring Sonny Chiba and Hiroki Matsukata	Hokuriku Proxy War	Sonny Chiba
cast member	The Lost & Found Family is a 2009 direct-to-video Christian film starring Ellen Bry and Lucas Till.	The Lost & Found Family	Ellen Bry	Lucas Till
cast member	The Wedding in Monaco is a 1956 documentary covering the celebrations in Monaco leading up to wedding of Prince Rainier III to Grace Kelly.	The Wedding in Monaco	Grace Kelly
cast member	Walter Vetrivel is a 1993 Indian Tamil film, directed by P. Vasu, starring Sathyaraj, Sukanya and Ranjitha in lead roles.	Walter Vetrivel	Sathyaraj
cast member	Starring Jello Biafra (of the Dead Kennedys), Terminal City Ricochet is a dystopian comedy critical of television and its collusion with government and consumerism.	Terminal City Ricochet	Jello Biafra
cast member	Never Back Losers is a 1961 British film directed by Robert Tronson and starring Jack Hedley, Jacqueline Ellis and Patrick Magee.	Never Back Losers	Jack Hedley
cast member	Isn't Life Terrible? is a 1925 American film starring Charley Chase and featuring Oliver Hardy and Fay Wray.	Isn't Life Terrible?	Charley Chase	Oliver Hardy	Fay Wray
cast member	Johnny Handsome is a 1989 American crime-drama film directed by Walter Hill and starring Mickey Rourke, Ellen Barkin, Forest Whitaker and Morgan Freeman.	Johnny Handsome	Mickey Rourke	Ellen Barkin	Forest Whitaker	Morgan Freeman
cast member	Angry Planet is a 39-part television series broadcast around the world featuring the adventures of storm chaser George Kourounis.	Angry Planet	George Kourounis
cast member	The 7th Voyage of Sinbad is a 1958 Technicolor fantasy film from Columbia Pictures, produced by Charles H. Schneer, directed by Nathan H. Juran, and starring Kerwin Mathews, Torin Thatcher, Kathryn Grant,Richard Eyer, and Alec Mango.	The 7th Voyage of Sinbad	Kerwin Mathews	Torin Thatcher	Richard Eyer	Alec Mango
cast member	The Counterfeit Plan is a 1957 British crime film directed by Montgomery Tully and starring Zachary Scott, Peggie Castle, Mervyn Johns and David Lodge.	The Counterfeit Plan	Zachary Scott	Peggie Castle	Mervyn Johns	David Lodge
cast member	The Sea Ghost is a 1931 American Pre-Code film directed by William Nigh and starring Alan Hale, Clarence Wilson, Claud Allister and Laura La Plante.	The Sea Ghost	Alan Hale	Clarence Wilson	Claud Allister	Laura La Plante
cast member	Welcome to the Rileys is a 2010 British-American independent drama film directed by Jake Scott, written by Ken Hixon, as well as starring Kristen Stewart, James Gandolfini and Melissa Leo.	Welcome to the Rileys	Kristen Stewart	James Gandolfini	Melissa Leo
cast member	High School High is a 1996 comedy film about an inner city high school in the Los Angeles, California area, starring Jon Lovitz, Tia Carrere, Mekhi Phifer, Louise Fletcher, Malinda Williams, and Brian Hooks.	High School High	Jon Lovitz	Tia Carrere	Mekhi Phifer	Louise Fletcher	Malinda Williams	Brian Hooks
cast member	Kavikkuyil, Kavikuyil or Kavi Kuyil is a 1977 Tamil film directed by Devaraj Mohan and starring Sivakumar, Sridevi and Rajinikanth.	Kavikkuyil	Sivakumar	Sridevi	Rajinikanth
cast member	Nishi Padma is a 1970 Bengali drama film written and directed by Aravinda Mukherjee, based on a short story Hinger Kochuri by Bibhutibhushan Bandopadhyay, and starring Uttam Kumar and Sabitri Chatterjee as leads.	Nishi Padma	Uttam Kumar
cast member	The Outriders is a 1950 western film starring Joel McCrea.	The Outriders	Joel McCrea
cast member	Uncle Brian is a Canadian 2010 comedy-drama film directed by Nick McAnulty and starring Daniel MacLean in the title role.	Uncle Brian	Daniel MacLean
cast member	Main, Meri Patni Aur Woh is a 2005 Hindi romantic comedy film, directed by Chandan Arora, starring Rajpal Yadav, Rituparna Sengupta and Kay Kay Menon as the leading actors.	Main, Meri Patni Aur Woh	Rajpal Yadav	Rituparna Sengupta	Kay Kay Menon
cast member	Yuvatha is a 2008 Telugu film directed by Parasuram starring Nikhil Siddharth and Aksha Pardasany in the Lead.	Yuvatha	Nikhil Siddharth	Aksha Pardasany
cast member	The Right to Love (German:Das Recht auf Liebe) is a 1930 German silent drama film directed by Jacob Fleck and Luise Fleck and starring Georg Alexander, Evelyn Holt and Georgia Lind.	The Right to Love	Georg Alexander
cast member	Gaurisankaram is a 2004 Malayalam film starring Munna and Kavya Madhavan playing long-lost childhood sweethearts.	Gaurisankaram	Munna	Kavya Madhavan
cast member	Her Big Story is a 1913 American silent short drama film directed by Allan Dwan starring J. Warren Kerrigan, Charlotte Burton, George Periolat, and Jack Richardson.	Her Big Story	J. Warren Kerrigan	Charlotte Burton	George Periolat	Jack Richardson
cast member	Aaj Ka Boss is a 2008 Hindi-language Indian film directed by T L V Prasad, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Swati, Urmi Negi, Rami Reddy, Dalip Tahil, Raza Murad and Manvi Goswami	Aaj Ka Boss	Mithun Chakraborty	Rami Reddy	Dalip Tahil	Raza Murad
cast member	Burt Reynolds as Sam Whiskey Angie Dickinson as Laura Breckenridge Clint Walker as O.W. Bandy Ossie Davis as Jed Hooker William Schallert as Peters Woodrow Parfrey as Bromley Chubby Johnson as Blacksmith Anthony James as Cousin Leroy Rick Davis as Fat Henry Hobson Del Reeves as The Fisherman	Sam Whiskey	William Schallert	Del Reeves
cast member	Buscando a Timbiriche, La Nueva Banda was a Mexican reality show set to look for the new, re-make of the '80s and '90s Mexican band Timbiriche, hosted by Galilea Montijo.	Buscando a Timbiriche, La Nueva Banda	Galilea Montijo
cast member	Pocket Ninjas is a 1994 action film starring Robert Z'Dar, Richard Rabago, and Gary Daniels.	Pocket Ninjas	Robert Z'Dar	Richard Rabago	Gary Daniels
cast member	Everything Put Together is a 2000 drama film directed by Marc Forster starring Radha Mitchell, Megan Mullally and Louis Ferreira.	Everything Put Together	Radha Mitchell	Megan Mullally	Louis Ferreira
cast member	The Wonderful Lies of Nina Petrovna (German: Die wunderbare Lüge der Nina Petrowna) is a 1929 German silent drama film directed by Hanns Schwarz and starring Brigitte Helm, Francis Lederer and Warwick Ward.	The Wonderful Lies of Nina Petrovna	Brigitte Helm	Francis Lederer	Warwick Ward
cast member	The Sleep of Death is a 1980 Swedish-Irish historical horror film directed by Calvin Floyd and starring Per Oscarsson, Curd Jürgens, Patrick Magee and Marilù Tolo.	The Sleep of Death	Per Oscarsson	Curd Jürgens	Patrick Magee	Marilù Tolo
cast member	Money for Speed is a 1933 British sports drama film directed by Bernard Vorhaus and starring John Loder, Ida Lupino, Cyril McLaglen and Moore Marriott.	Money for Speed	John Loder	Ida Lupino	Cyril McLaglen	Moore Marriott
cast member	Gomathiyin Kaadhalan (Tamil: கோமதியின் காதலன்) is a Tamil language film starring T. R. Ramachandran and K. Savithri.	Gomathiyin Kaadhalan	T. R. Ramachandran
cast member	My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 is an upcoming 2016 American romantic comedy film directed by Kirk Jones and written by Nia Vardalos.	My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2	Nia Vardalos
cast member	The Girl from Barnhelm (German:Das Fräulein von Barnhelm) is a 1940 German historical comedy film directed by Hans Schweikart and starring Käthe Gold, Ewald Balser and Fita Benkhoff.	The Girl from Barnhelm	Käthe Gold
cast member	Paris After Dark is a 1943 American war drama film directed by Léonide Moguy and starring George Sanders, Philip Dorn and Brenda Marshall.	Paris After Dark	George Sanders	Philip Dorn	Brenda Marshall
cast member	Professor Hannibal (Hungarian: Hannibál tanár úr) is a 1956 Hungarian drama film directed by Zoltán Fábri and starring Ernö Szabó, Zoltán Greguss and Manyi Kiss.	Professor Hannibal	Ernö Szabó	Zoltán Greguss	Manyi Kiss
cast member	Not Another Happy Ending is a 2013 British romantic comedy film directed by John McKay, starring Karen Gillan, Stanley Weber and Freya Mavor.	Not Another Happy Ending	Karen Gillan	Stanley Weber	Freya Mavor
cast member	Carmine Caridi, who plays Carmine Rosato, also went on to play crime boss Albert Volpe in The Godfather Part III, and Frank Sivero, who plays a young Genco Abbandando, appears as a bystander in The Godfather scene in which Sonny beats up Carlo for abusing Connie.	The Godfather Part II	Carmine Caridi
cast member	Neberte nám princeznú (English: Let the Princess Stay with Us) is a modern version of the Snowhite and the Seven Dwarfs fairytale, starring Marika Gombitová.	Neberte nám princeznú	Marika Gombitová
cast member	Stormswept is a 1923 silent film starring brothers Wallace Beery and Noah Beery.	Stormswept	Wallace Beery	Noah Beery
cast member	Kilukkampetti is a Malayalam film released in 1991 starring Jayaram and Suchitra Krishnamoorthi.	Kilukkampetti	Jayaram	Suchitra Krishnamoorthi
cast member	The Angel Wore Red, also known as La Sposa Bella in its Italian version, is a 1960 Italian-American romantic war drama starring Ava Gardner and Dirk Bogarde made by MGM and Titanus.	The Angel Wore Red	Ava Gardner	Dirk Bogarde
cast member	Toto, Peppino, and the Hussy (originally Totò, Peppino e... la malafemmina) is an Italian comedy film directed by Camillo Mastrocinque in 1956.	Toto, Peppino, and the Hussy	Totò
cast member	Nooran (Punjabi: ਨੂਰਾਂ), also spelled as Nooraan, is a 1957 Pakistani Punjabi film directed by M. M. Billoo Mehra, starring Sudhir and Noor Jehan in lead roles.	Nooran	Sudhir	Noor Jehan
cast member	I Dreamed of Africa is a 2000 biographical drama film starring Kim Basinger, Vincent Perez, Eva Marie Saint, Garrett Strommen, Liam Aiken and Daniel Craig, and directed by Hugh Hudson.	I Dreamed of Africa	Kim Basinger	Eva Marie Saint	Liam Aiken	Daniel Craig
cast member	Yaara o Dildaara is an Indian drama film starring Harbhajan Maan, Tulip Joshi, Kabir Bedi, Gurpreet Ghuggi, Gulzar Inder Chahal and Jonita Doda in lead roles and directed by Ksshitij Chaudhary.	Yaara o Dildaara	Tulip Joshi	Kabir Bedi	Gurpreet Ghuggi	Gulzar Inder Chahal
cast member	The Kid with the Broken Halo is a 1982 made-for-television film starring Gary Coleman, Robert Guillaume, June Allyson, Mason Adams and Ray Walston about a wise-cracking ``angel-in-training'' (Coleman) who needs constant help from his frustrated heavenly teacher.	The Kid with the Broken Halo	Gary Coleman	Robert Guillaume	Mason Adams	Ray Walston
cast member	The Outlaw and the Lady is a 1917 film featuring Harry Carey and released by Universal Pictures.	The Outlaw and the Lady	Harry Carey
cast member	Heaven's Fire is a 1999 made-for-TV action movie film starring Eric Roberts and Jürgen Prochnow.	Heaven's Fire	Eric Roberts	Jürgen Prochnow
cast member	Salt in the Wound (Italian: Il dito nella piaga) is a 1969 Italian ``macaroni combat'' war film directed by Tonino Ricci and starring Klaus Kinski and George Hilton.	Salt in the Wound	Klaus Kinski	George Hilton
cast member	Call of the South Seas is a 1944 American action film directed by John English and starring Janet Martin, Allan Lane and William Henry.	Call of the South Seas	Janet Martin
cast member	Two Days in April is a 2007 documentary film by director Don Argott that follows four NFL prospects (Derek Hagan, Clint Ingram, DonTrell Moore and Travis Wilson) through the process of preparing for and participating in the 2006 NFL Draft.	Two Days in April	Derek Hagan	Clint Ingram	DonTrell Moore	Travis Wilson
cast member	The Shriner's Daughter is a 1913 American silent short film starring Charlotte Burton, Violet Neitz, Helen Armstrong, William Bertram, Edith Borella, Ed Coxen, Reaves Eason, George Field, Winifred Greenwood, Ida Lewis, Nina Richdale and William Tedmarsh.	The Shriner's Daughter	Charlotte Burton
cast member	Clubscene is a short film by Italian-Canadian filmmaker Adriano Valentini and features Mystery Hunters star Christina Broccolini.	Clubscene	Christina Broccolini
cast member	The Vengeance of She is a 1968 British fantasy film directed by Cliff Owen and starring John Richardson, Olga Schoberová, Edward Judd and Colin Blakely.	The Vengeance of She	John Richardson	Edward Judd	Colin Blakely
cast member	The Adventures of Sebastian Cole is a 1998 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Tod Williams and starring Adrian Grenier as the title character.	The Adventures of Sebastian Cole	Adrian Grenier
cast member	Mussolini Speaks is a 1933 documentary film highlighting the first 10 years of Benito Mussolini's rule as Prime Minister of Italy.	Mussolini Speaks	Benito Mussolini
cast member	A big-screen adaptation of the 1965--1969 TV series The Wild Wild West, it stars Will Smith, Kevin Kline (who appears in dual roles as the protagonist Artemus Gordon and as President Ulysses S. Grant), Kenneth Branagh, and Salma Hayek.	Wild Wild West	Will Smith	Kevin Kline	Kenneth Branagh
cast member	The Naked Dawn is a 1955 Technicolor western film directed by Edgar G. Ulmer and starring Arthur Kennedy and Betta St. John.	The Naked Dawn	Arthur Kennedy	Betta St. John
cast member	Wife or Country is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by E. Mason Hopper and starring Gloria Swanson in her last role for Triangle Film Corporation.	Wife or Country	Gloria Swanson
cast member	Singapore Sue is a 1932 musical comedy short about four sailors, one of whom is portrayed by Cary Grant in his third screen appearance released, enjoying themselves in a Singapore bar.	Singapore Sue	Cary Grant
cast member	Lion Jagapathi Rao (Kannada: ಲಯನ್ ಜಗಪತಿ ರಾವ್) is a 1991 Indian Kannada drama film directed by Om Sai Prakash and written by Sainath Thotapalli starring Vishnuvardhan in dual roles, along with Lakshmi and Bhavya in the lead roles.	Lion Jagapathi Rao	Vishnuvardhan
cast member	Millionaire Cop is a 1993 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Nelson Cheung and starring Aaron Kwok, Maggie Cheung, Chingmy Yau and Ng Man-tat.	Millionaire Cop	Aaron Kwok
cast member	That Navy Spirit is a 1937 American sports film directed by Kurt Neumann and starring Lew Ayres, Mary Carlisle and John Howard.	That Navy Spirit	Lew Ayres
cast member	Love for Life (simplified Chinese: 最爱; traditional Chinese: 最愛; pinyin: Zuì ài), also known as Life Is a Miracle, Til Death Do Us Part and Love for Live, is a 2011 film directed by Gu Changwei and starring Zhang Ziyi and Aaron Kwok.	Love for Life	Zhang Ziyi	Aaron Kwok
cast member	Wait 'til You're Older (simplified Chinese: 童梦奇缘; traditional Chinese: 童夢奇緣; pinyin: Tóng Mèng Qí Yuán) is a 2005 Hong Kong fantasy comedy drama film directed by Teddy Chan and starring Andy Lau.	Wait 'til You're Older	Andy Lau
cast member	Johnny Rocco is a 1958 American black-and-white crime film produced by Scott R. Dunlap and directed by Paul Landres for Allied Artists, and starring Richard Eyer, Stephen McNally, and Coleen Gray.	Johnny Rocco	Richard Eyer
cast member	Pick and Shovel, also known as The Miner, is a 1923 silent comedy film starring Stan Laurel.	Pick and Shovel	Stan Laurel
cast member	Sherlock Holmes in Washington (1943) is the fifth film in the Basil Rathbone/Nigel Bruce series of Sherlock Holmes movies.	Sherlock Holmes in Washington	Basil Rathbone	Nigel Bruce
cast member	Jazzmania is a 1923 American silent drama film directed by Robert Z. Leonard and starring his then-wife Mae Murray.	Jazzmania	Mae Murray
cast member	Swaroopam (Malayalam: സ്വരൂപം) is a 1992 Malayalam film written and directed by K. R. Mohanan, and starring Sreenivasan, Sandhya Rajendran and V. K. Sriraman.	Swaroopam	Sreenivasan
cast member	The Sabata Trilogy is a series of Spaghetti Western films released between 1969 and 1971, directed by Gianfranco Parolini, and starring Lee Van Cleef in the first, Sabata, Yul Brynner in the second, Adiós, Sabata, and Van Cleef returning for the third, Return of Sabata.	The Sabata Trilogy	Lee Van Cleef	Yul Brynner
cast member	Oru Maymasa Pulariyil (Malayalam: ഒരു മേയ്മാസ പുലരിയിൽ) is a 1987 Malayalam film co-written and directed by V. R. Gopinath, starring Balachandra Menon, Murali and Shari.	Oru Maymasa Pulariyil	Balachandra Menon
cast member	Love Comes to the Executioner is a 2006 American film directed and written by Kyle Bergersen, starring Jonathan Tucker, Jeremy Renner and Ginnifer Goodwin.	Love Comes to the Executioner	Jonathan Tucker
cast member	How Kitchener Was Betrayed is a 1921 British silent war film directed by Percy Nash and starring Fred Paul, Winifred Evans and Bertram Burleigh.	How Kitchener Was Betrayed	Fred Paul
cast member	Man from the Black Hills is a 1952 American western film directed by Thomas Carr and starring Johnny Mack Brown, James Ellison and Rand Brooks.	Man from the Black Hills	Johnny Mack Brown
cast member	Italian Graffiti (Italian: Tutti figli di Mammasantissima) is a 1973 Italian criminal comedy film written and directed by Alfio Caltabiano and starring Pino Colizzi and Ornella Muti.	Italian Graffiti	Alfio Caltabiano	Pino Colizzi	Ornella Muti
cast member	Murder of a Cat is an American independent thriller/comedy film directed by Gillian Greene and starring Fran Kranz, Nikki Reed, J.K. Simmons, and Blythe Danner.	Murder of a Cat	Fran Kranz
cast member	The Lawful Cheater, sometimes referred to as Lawful Cheaters, is a 1925 American silent crime-drama film written by Frank O'Connor and Adele S. Buffington, directed by O’Connor for B.P. Schulberg Productions, and starring Clara Bow, David Kirby, and Raymond McKee.	The Lawful Cheater	Clara Bow	Raymond McKee
cast member	The Atomic Kid is a 1954 black-and-white science-fiction comedy film starring Mickey Rooney and directed by Leslie H. Martinson.	The Atomic Kid	Mickey Rooney
cast member	Kurt Schmidtchen as Das tapfere Schneiderlein Christel Bodenstein as Traute Horst Drinda as Prinz Eitel Fred Kronström as König Griesgram Gerd Michael Henneberg as Schatzmeister Gier Fred Wolff as Leibdiener Zimperlich Fred Mahr as Gärtner Sommer Wolf Kaiser as 1.	Das tapfere Schneiderlein	Kurt Schmidtchen	Christel Bodenstein	Horst Drinda	Fred Kronström	Gerd Michael Henneberg	Fred Mahr	Wolf Kaiser
cast member	An Angel on Wheels is a 1959 French-West German romantic comedy film starring Romy Schneider, Henri Vidal and Jean-Paul Belmondo.	An Angel on Wheels	Romy Schneider
cast member	The Perfidy of Mary is a 1913 silent film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Dorothy Gish and Mae Marsh as cousins Rose and Mary, with Walter Miller as Rose's suitor, Harry Hyde as Mary's suitor, and Lionel Barrymore as Mary's father.	The Perfidy of Mary	Dorothy Gish	Mae Marsh	Walter Miller	Lionel Barrymore
cast member	Pardon My Berth Marks is the fourth short subject starring American comedian Buster Keaton made for Columbia Pictures.	Pardon My Berth Marks	Buster Keaton
cast member	Where's Sally? is a 1936 British comedy film, directed by Arthur B. Woods and starring Chili Bouchier, Gene Gerrard and Claude Hulbert.	Where's Sally?	Chili Bouchier	Gene Gerrard	Claude Hulbert
cast member	Mel Karade Rabba (Punjabi: ਮੇਲ ਕਰਾਦੇ ਰੱਬਾ) is a 2010 Punjabi film directed by Navaniat Singh with story, screenplay and dialogue by Dheeraj Rattan; produced by Rajan Batra and Vivek Ohri; and starring Jimmy Shergill, Gippy Grewal, Neeru Bajwa, Amar Noorie, Sunita Dhir and Shavinder Mahal.	Mel Karade Rabba	Jimmy Shergill
cast member	Married to a Mormon is a 1922 silent British drama film directed by H. B. Parkinson and starring Evelyn Brent, Clive Brook and George Wynn.	Married to a Mormon	Evelyn Brent	Clive Brook
cast member	Little Buddha is a 1993 Italian-French-British drama film directed by Bernardo Bertolucci and starring Chris Isaak, Bridget Fonda and Keanu Reeves as Prince Siddhartha (the Buddha before his enlightenment).	Little Buddha	Chris Isaak	Bridget Fonda	Keanu Reeves
cast member	The Dawn of Understanding is a lost 1918 silent film comedy western produced by The Vitagraph Company of America and starring Bessie Love.	The Dawn of Understanding	Bessie Love
cast member	Dance of a Dream (Chinese: 愛君如夢) is a 2001 Hong Kong romantic comedy film co-produced and directed by the film's cinematographer, Andrew Lau and starring Andy Lau, Sandra Ng and Anita Mui.	Dance of a Dream	Sandra Ng	Anita Mui
cast member	Myself Pendu is a starring Preet Harpal, Sayali Bhagat and Ather Habib in lead roles.	Myself Pendu	Preet Harpal
cast member	The St. Tammany Miracle is a 1994 B film directed by Joy N. Houck, Jr. and Jim McCullough Sr. The film stars television stars Mark-Paul Gosselaar and Soleil Moon Frye.	The St. Tammany Miracle	Soleil Moon Frye
cast member	The Three Hearts (Polish: Trzy serca) is a 1939 Polish romantic comedy film directed by Michał Waszyński and starring Jerzy Pichelski, Aleksander Żabczyński and Elżbieta Barszczewska.	The Three Hearts	Jerzy Pichelski	Aleksander Żabczyński	Elżbieta Barszczewska
cast member	That Woman Opposite (U.S. City After Midnight) is a 1957 British crime drama, directed by Compton Bennett and starring Phyllis Kirk, Dan O'Herlihy and William Franklyn.	That Woman Opposite	Phyllis Kirk	Dan O'Herlihy	William Franklyn
cast member	Kerim, Son of the Sheik (Italian: Il figlio dello sceicco, French: Le retour du fils du sheik, also known just as Son of the Sheik) is a 1962 Italian-French adventure film directed by Mario Costa and starring Gordon Scott.	Kerim, Son of the Sheik	Gordon Scott
cast member	Mutual Appreciation is a 2005 independent film by Andrew Bujalski who previously directed Funny Ha Ha (2002).	Mutual Appreciation	Andrew Bujalski
cast member	Yun Hi is an upcoming Indian Romantic - Drama film directed by Yogesh Dattatraya Gosavi starring Rohit Nayyar and Elena Kazan.	Yun Hi	Rohit Nayyar
cast member	Cage Without a Key is a 1975 made-for-TV movie starring Susan Dey and Sam Bottoms, with Jonelle Allen and Lani O'Grady in supporting roles.	Cage Without a Key	Susan Dey	Lani O'Grady
cast member	Kaazhchakkappuram is a 1992 Indian Malayalam film, directed by VR Gopalakrishnan, starring Mukesh and Jagathy Sreekumar in the lead roles.	Kaazhchakkappuram	Mukesh
cast member	Convém Martelar is a 1920 Brazilian silent film directed by and starring Manuel F. Araujo.	Convém Martelar	Manuel F. Araujo
cast member	The Lady from Cheyenne is a 1941 American comedy western film directed by Frank Lloyd and starring Loretta Young, Robert Preston and Edward Arnold.	The Lady from Cheyenne	Loretta Young
cast member	Poovellam Kettuppar (English: Ask all the flowers!) is a 1999 Tamil romantic comedy film written and directed by Vasanth, which stars Suriya and Jyothika in leading roles.	Poovellam Kettuppar	Suriya	Jyothika
cast member	Flowers from Nice (German:Blumen aus Nizza) is a 1936 Austrian musical comedy film directed by Augusto Genina and starring Erna Sack, Friedl Czepa and Karl Schönböck.	Flowers from Nice	Erna Sack
cast member	Madame Rosa (Simone Signoret) is a frail, aging, retired Jewish prostitute and Auschwitz survivor who earns a meager living by caring for the children of younger female sex workers, as well as for Momo (short for Mohammed) (Sami Ben Youb), a young Arab boy on the verge of adolescence.	Madame Rosa	Simone Signoret
cast member	King of the Rocket Men is a 1949 12-chapter black-and-white Republic movie serial, produced by Franklin Adreon, directed Fred C. Brannon, and starring Tristram Coffin, Mae Clarke, Don Haggerty, House Peters, Jr., James Craven, and I. Stanford Jolley.	King of the Rocket Men	Mae Clarke	Don Haggerty	House Peters, Jr.	James Craven	I. Stanford Jolley
cast member	Highly Dangerous is a 1950 British spy film starring Margaret Lockwood as a British entomologist trying to stop a biological attack with the help of an American journalist played by Dane Clark.	Highly Dangerous	Margaret Lockwood	Dane Clark
cast member	Pyar Hua Chori Chori is a 1991 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by K.Bapaiah, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Gouthami, Shikha Swaroop, Shafi Inamdar, Shakti Kapoor and Anupam Kher This was Gouthami's debut Hindi film.	Pyar Hua Chori Chori	Mithun Chakraborty	Shikha Swaroop	Shafi Inamdar	Shakti Kapoor	Anupam Kher
cast member	A few years later, David, who now goes by the name Tsotsi (Presley Chweneyagae), is the leader of a gang which includes his friends Butcher (Zenzo Ngqobe), Aap (Kenneth Nkosi) and Boston (Mothusi Magano).	Tsotsi	Presley Chweneyagae
cast member	Yathrakkoduvil(English:At the end of the journey) is a Malayalam movie starring Sreejith Vijay and Thilakan among others.	Yathrakkoduvil	Sreejith Vijay	Thilakan
cast member	Hearts of Humanity is a 1936 British drama film directed by John Baxter and starring Bransby Williams, Wilfred Walter and Cathleen Nesbitt.	Hearts of Humanity	Bransby Williams
cast member	Say It with Diamonds is a 1927 silent film drama starring Betty Compson and Earle Williams, an early Vitagraph leading man and matinee idol.	Say It with Diamonds	Betty Compson
cast member	Dangerous Money is a 1946 American film directed by Terry O. Morse, featuring Sidney Toler as Charlie Chan.	Dangerous Money	Sidney Toler
cast member	That Forsyte Woman (released in the United Kingdom as The Forsyte Saga) is a 1949 romance film starring Greer Garson, Errol Flynn, Walter Pidgeon, Robert Young and Janet Leigh.	That Forsyte Woman	Greer Garson	Errol Flynn	Walter Pidgeon	Robert Young	Janet Leigh
cast member	The Land of College Prophets is a 2005 independent comedy film produced by the Hale Manor Collective, a trio of Connecticut filmmakers consisting of Mike Aransky, Phil Guerrette and Thomas Edward Seymour.	Land of College Prophets	Thomas Edward Seymour
cast member	Ammakilikkoodu is a 2003 Malayalam film starring Prithviraj Sukumaran and Navya Nair.	Ammakilikkoodu	Prithviraj Sukumaran	Navya Nair
cast member	What a Way to Go! is a 1964 American black comedy directed by J. Lee Thompson and starring Shirley MacLaine, Paul Newman, Robert Mitchum, Dean Martin, Gene Kelly, Bob Cummings and Dick Van Dyke.	What a Way to Go!	Shirley MacLaine	Paul Newman	Robert Mitchum	Dean Martin	Gene Kelly	Dick Van Dyke
cast member	Somnambul is a 1929 German silent horror film directed by Adolf Trotz and starring Fritz Kortner, Erna Morena and Veit Harlan.	Somnambul	Fritz Kortner
cast member	Stanley H. Tweedle (Brian Downey) of planet Ostral-B, Security guard 4th class, the Arch Traitor, courier of a failed rebellion, and, by accident, captain of the Lexx.	Lexx	Brian Downey
cast member	The Kid from Brooklyn is a 1946 American musical comedy film directed by Norman Z. McLeod and starring Danny Kaye, Virginia Mayo, Vera-Ellen, Steve Cochran, Walter Abel, Eve Arden, and Fay Bainter.	The Kid from Brooklyn	Danny Kaye	Virginia Mayo	Vera-Ellen	Steve Cochran	Walter Abel	Eve Arden	Fay Bainter
cast member	DPG Eulogy is a 2005 documentary on Tha Dogg Pound.	DPG Eulogy	Tha Dogg Pound
cast member	Veendum Chila Veettukaryangal (Malayalam: വീണ്ടും ചില വീട്ടുകാര്യങ്ങള്‍, English: Again Another Family Matter) is a 1999 Malayalam family drama film directed by Sathyan Anthikkad and written by A. K. Lohithadas, starring Jayaram, Thilakan, and Samyuktha Varma in the main roles.	Veendum Chila Veettukaryangal	Jayaram	Thilakan	Samyuktha Varma
cast member	La donna del giorno (The Woman of the Day) is an 1956 Italian drama film starring Virna Lisi, Haya Harareet and Franco Fabrizi.	La donna del giorno	Virna Lisi	Haya Harareet	Franco Fabrizi
cast member	Case 219 is a 2010 American Drama film starring Evan Ross, Leven Rambin, and Taylor Nichols, and Harold Perrineau.	Case 219	Evan Ross	Leven Rambin	Taylor Nichols	Harold Perrineau
cast member	Undercover Brother is a 2002 American action comedy film starring Eddie Griffin and directed by Malcolm D. Lee.	Undercover Brother	Eddie Griffin
cast member	Redbird Wins is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by Sydney Ayres, starring Harry von Meter, Vivian Rich, Perry Banks and William Garwood.	Redbird Wins	Harry von Meter	Perry Banks	William Garwood
cast member	Kattuchembakam is a 2002 Malayalam movie love based film starring Jayasurya and Charmy Kaur.	Kattuchembakam	Jayasurya	Charmy Kaur
cast member	Action in Arabia (AKA Danger in Damascus and International Zone) is a 1944 film starring George Sanders and Virginia Bruce.	Action in Arabia	George Sanders	Virginia Bruce
cast member	Def Jam's How to Be a Player is a 1997 comedy film, starring Bill Bellamy, Natalie Desselle and Bernie Mac. The film was directed by Lionel C. Martin, and written by Mark Brown and Demetria Johnson.	Def Jam's How to Be a Player	Bill Bellamy
cast member	Brainiac's Test Tube Baby was a live British parody popular science entertainment TV show hosted by Dominic Wood.	Brainiac's Test Tube Baby	Dominic Wood
cast member	Sakuntalai (Tamil: சகுந்தலை) is a 1940 Tamil film directed by Ellis R. Dungan and starring M. S. Subbulakshmi and G. N. Balasubramaniam.	Sakuntalai	M. S. Subbulakshmi	G. N. Balasubramaniam
cast member	Red Dirt Rising is a 2011 film starring Brad Yoder, Burgess Jenkins and Brett Rice based on the book Red Dirt Tracks:	Red Dirt Rising	Brad Yoder
cast member	That Lucky Touch is a 1975 British-German comedy film directed by Christopher Miles and starring Roger Moore, Susannah York and Shelley Winters.	That Lucky Touch	Roger Moore	Susannah York	Shelley Winters
cast member	Fat Pizza vs. Housos is an Australian film based on the combination of the stories and characters of the SBS cult classic Pizza and the Logie award winning comedy Housos television series, both created by Paul Fenech.	Fat Pizza vs. Housos	Paul Fenech
cast member	The Ninth Guest is a 1934 Pre-Code murder mystery film starring Donald Cook and Genevieve Tobin as two of the eight guests at a deadly party who are informed by the voice of their unknown host from the radio that they are his enemies ... and will all meet his ninth guest:	The Ninth Guest	Donald Cook
cast member	Strange Parallel includes interviews with Elliott Smith himself, as well as fans, friends and other acquaintances, including Gus Van Sant, Larry Crane and the members of Quasi.	Strange Parallel	Gus Van Sant	Larry Crane
cast member	Scandal Makers (Hangul: 과속스캔들; RR: Gwasok Seukaendeul; lit. Speedy Scandal) is a 2008 South Korean film written and directed by Kang Hyeong-cheol and starring Cha Tae-hyun in the lead role.	Scandal Makers	Cha Tae-hyun
cast member	Jalamarmaram is a 1999 Indian Malayalam film, directed by TK Rajeev Kumar, starring P. Balachandran and Master Aswin in the lead role.	Jalamarmaram	P. Balachandran
cast member	The Boys Didn't Wear Hair Gel Before (Spanish:Los Muchachos de antes no usaban gomina) is a 1937 Argentine historical drama film directed and written by Manuel Romero and starring Florencio Parravicini, Mecha Ortiz and Santiago Arrieta.	The Boys Didn't Wear Hair Gel Before	Florencio Parravicini
cast member	Thank God He Met Lizzie is a 1997 Australian romantic comedy film starring Cate Blanchett and Richard Roxburgh.	Thank God He Met Lizzie	Cate Blanchett	Richard Roxburgh
cast member	Baby Hands is a 1912 American silent short drama film starring James Cruze as a husband, Jean Darnell as a wife, and Helen Badgley.	Baby Hands	James Cruze	Jean Darnell	Helen Badgley
cast member	The Unpardonable Sin is a 1919 American silent drama/propaganda film set during World War I. The film was produced by Harry Garson, directed by Marshall Neilan, and stars Neilan's wife Blanche Sweet whose portrays dual roles in the film.	The Unpardonable Sin	Blanche Sweet
cast member	We Live Again (1934) is a film adaptation of Leo Tolstoy's 1899 novel Resurrection (Voskraeseniye), starring Anna Sten and Fredric March.	We Live Again	Anna Sten	Fredric March
cast member	Stoogemania is a 1986 film about a fan of The Three Stooges, directed by Chuck Workman, and starring Josh Mostel.	Stoogemania	Josh Mostel
cast member	Cattle Empire is a 1958 Western DeLuxe Color movie in CinemaScope directed by Charles Marquis Warren and starring Joel McCrea.	Cattle Empire	Joel McCrea
cast member	Life Begins at Eight-Thirty is a 1942 drama film starring Monty Woolley as a washed-up, alcoholic actor, Ida Lupino as his daughter, and Cornel Wilde as her boyfriend.	Life Begins at Eight-Thirty	Monty Woolley	Ida Lupino	Cornel Wilde
cast member	American Pop is a 1981 American animated musical drama film starring Ron Thompson and produced and directed by Ralph Bakshi.	American Pop	Ron Thompson	Ralph Bakshi
cast member	English Only, Please is a 2014 Filipino romantic comedy film directed by Dan Villegas and starring Jennylyn Mercado and Derek Ramsay.	English Only, Please	Jennylyn Mercado
cast member	Enter Arsène Lupin is a 1944 American crime film directed by Ford Beebe and starring Charles Korvin, Ella Raines and J. Carrol Naish.	Enter Arsène Lupin	Charles Korvin	Ella Raines	J. Carrol Naish
cast member	Song of Naples (Italian: Ascoltami, German: Das Lied von Neapel, ...und vergib mir meine Schuld) is a 1957 Italian-German melodrama film written and directed by Carlo Campogalliani and starring Joachim Fuchsberger and Janet Vidor.	Song of Naples	Joachim Fuchsberger
cast member	Sau Crore is an Indian film from 1991 starring, produced, and directed by Dev Anand.	Sau Crore	Dev Anand
cast member	Prisoner Number One (Danish:Fange nr. 1) is a 1935 Danish comedy film directed by Pál Fejös and starring Christian Arhoff, Robert Storm Petersen and Rasmus Christiansen.	Prisoner Number One	Christian Arhoff
cast member	Innocent Thing (Hangul: 가시; RR: Gasi; lit. ``Thorn'') is a 2014 South Korean romantic thriller film directed by Kim Tae-kyun, starring Jang Hyuk and Jo Bo-ah.	Innocent Thing	Jang Hyuk
cast member	Mukhra is a 1988 Pakistani Punjabi hit film starring Nadeem Baig and Babra Sharif.	Mukhra	Nadeem Baig	Babra Sharif
cast member	Tread Softly Stranger is a 1958 British crime drama directed by Gordon Parry and starring Diana Dors, George Baker and Terence Morgan.	Tread Softly Stranger	Diana Dors	George Baker	Terence Morgan
cast member	Rocket Gibraltar is a 1988 American drama film released directed by Daniel Petrie, and stars Burt Lancaster, Patricia Clarkson and Macaulay Culkin in his film debut.	Rocket Gibraltar	Burt Lancaster	Patricia Clarkson	Macaulay Culkin
cast member	Badnam is a 1990 Bengali film directed by Shibu Mitra and produced by Ms. Rupanjali.The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Neelam Kothari in the lead roles.	Badnam	Prosenjit Chatterjee
cast member	All Over the Town is a 1949 British comedy film directed by Derek N. Twist and starring Norman Wooland, Sarah Churchill and Cyril Cusack.	All Over the Town	Norman Wooland	Sarah Churchill	Cyril Cusack
cast member	The Killer Likes Candy (Italian: Un killer per sua maestà, French: Le tueur aime les bonbons, German: Zucker für den Mörder) is a 1968 Italian-French-German Eurospy film directed by Maurice Cloche and Federico Chentrens and starring Kerwin Mathews.	The Killer Likes Candy	Kerwin Mathews
cast member	Blood and Bullets (Italian: Sangue di sbirro, also known as Knell, Bloody Avenger) is a 1976 Italian poliziottesco film written and directed by Alfonso Brescia and starring Jack Palance, George Eastman and Jenny Tamburi.	Blood and Bullets	Jack Palance	George Eastman	Jenny Tamburi
cast member	The Unfaithful is a 1947 film noir directed by Vincent Sherman, starring Ann Sheridan, Lew Ayres and Zachary Scott.	The Unfaithful	Ann Sheridan	Lew Ayres	Zachary Scott
cast member	The Knickerbocker Buckaroo was a 1919 American silent Western/romantic comedy film directed by Albert Parker and starring Douglas Fairbanks, who also wrote (under the pseudonym Elton Thomas) and produced the film.	The Knickerbocker Buckaroo	Douglas Fairbanks
cast member	Odeio o Dia dos Namorados (English: I Hate Valentine's Day) is a Brazilian comedy film, directed by Roberto Santucci, written by Paulo Cursino and starring Heloísa Périssé, Daniel Boaventura and Danielle Winits.	Odeio o Dia dos Namorados	Heloísa Périssé	Danielle Winits
cast member	Second Effort is a 1968 sales training film starring Vince Lombardi, the Hall of Fame head coach of the Green Bay Packers.	Second Effort	Vince Lombardi
cast member	The Road to Hollywood is a 1947 American film released by Astor Pictures that is a combination of several of Bing Crosby's Educational Pictures short subjects.	The Road to Hollywood	Bing Crosby
cast member	Monique van de Ven - Keetje Tippel Rutger Hauer - Hugo Peter Faber - George Andrea Domburg - Keetje's moeder Hannah de Leeuwe - Mina, Keetje's zus Jan Blaaser - Keetje's vader Eddie Brugman - André Jennifer Willems	Keetje Tippel	Monique van de Ven
cast member	The Railway Owner (Italian title:Il padrone delle ferriere) is a 1919 Italian silent drama film directed by Eugenio Perego and starring Luigi Serventi, Maria Caserini and Amleto Novelli.	The Railway Owner	Luigi Serventi	Maria Caserini	Amleto Novelli
cast member	Blind Injustice is a film that stars Jamie Luner, Josie Davis, James Thomas, Theresa Russell, Thomas Mitchell and K. C. Collins.	Blind Injustice	Jamie Luner
cast member	José and Pilar (Portuguese: José e Pilar) is a Portuguese documentary directed by Miguel Gonçalves Mendes following the last years of the Nobel Prize winner José Saramago, chiefly through his relationship with his resolute wife, Pilar del Río.	José and Pilar	José Saramago
cast member	Nandha (Tamil: நந்தா) is a 2001 Indian Tamil drama film written and directed by Bala, starring Suriya and Laila in the leading roles, while Rajkiran, Saravanan and Rajshree play other supporting roles.	Nandha	Suriya	Rajkiran	Saravanan
cast member	Hey, Taxi! is a 1925 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.	Hey, Taxi!	Oliver Hardy
cast member	Naagapanchami is a 1989 Indian Malayalam film, directed by J. Sasikumar, starring Suresh Gopi and Shobhana in the lead roles.	Naagapanchami	Suresh Gopi
cast member	Angelfist is a 1993 action/thriller film starring Catya Sassoon, Michael Shaner, and Melissa Moore.	Angelfist	Catya Sassoon
cast member	Ichabod and Me is a 36-episode American situation comedy series set in a small New England town and starring Robert Sterling and George Chandler.	Ichabod and Me	Robert Sterling	George Chandler
cast member	Kakkakuyil is a 2001 Malayalam comedy film produced, written, and directed by Priyadarshan starring Mohanlal and Mukesh in the lead roles.	Kakkakuyil	Mohanlal	Mukesh
cast member	Andrew Spicer (writing in 2001) wrote '(Stanley) Baker's officer hero Langford in Yesterday's Enemy is no gentleman.	Yesterday's Enemy	Stanley) Baker
cast member	A Chairy Tale (French: Il était une chaise) is a 1957 stop-motion pixilation short film co-directed by Norman McLaren and Claude Jutra, and starring Jutra and a most uncooperative chair.	A Chairy Tale	Claude Jutra
cast member	His Butler's Sister is a 1943 American romantic comedy film directed by Frank Borzage and starring Deanna Durbin.	His Butler's Sister	Deanna Durbin
cast member	The Midnight Taxi is a 1928 early part-talkie thriller picture from Warner Bros. directed by John G. Adolfi and starring Antonio Moreno, Helen Costello and Myrna Loy.	The Midnight Taxi	Antonio Moreno	Myrna Loy
cast member	The Prenup is a 2015 Filipino romantic comedy film starring Jennylyn Mercado and Sam Milby.	The Prenup	Jennylyn Mercado
cast member	The Flirting Widow is a 1930 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by William A. Seiter and produced and released by First National Pictures, a subsidiary of Warner Bros. The film stars Dorothy Mackaill, Basil Rathbone, Leila Hyams and Claude Gillingwater.	The Flirting Widow	Dorothy Mackaill	Basil Rathbone	Leila Hyams	Claude Gillingwater
cast member	In Harm's Way is a 1965 American epic war film produced and directed by Otto Preminger and starring John Wayne, Kirk Douglas, Patricia Neal, Tom Tryon, Paula Prentiss, Stanley Holloway, Burgess Meredith, Brandon deWilde, Jill Haworth, Dana Andrews, and Henry Fonda.	In Harm's Way	John Wayne	Kirk Douglas	Patricia Neal	Tom Tryon	Paula Prentiss	Stanley Holloway	Burgess Meredith	Brandon deWilde	Jill Haworth	Dana Andrews	Henry Fonda
cast member	Pandu Ranga Vittala (Kannada: ಪಾಂಡು ರಂಗ ವಿಠಲ) is a 2005 Indian Kannada film, directed by Dinesh Baboo and produced by A Ganesh and Narayan J. The film stars V. Ravichandran, Rambha, Prema and Shruti in lead roles.	Pandu Ranga Vittala	V. Ravichandran
cast member	Bless the Child is a 2000 American horror-thriller film directed by Chuck Russell, starring Kim Basinger, Jimmy Smits, Angela Bettis, Rufus Sewell, Christina Ricci, and Holliston Coleman.	Bless the Child	Kim Basinger	Jimmy Smits	Angela Bettis	Rufus Sewell	Christina Ricci	Holliston Coleman
cast member	The Unlawful Trade is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Pauline Bush, William Lloyd, George Cooper, and Lon Chaney.	The Unlawful Trade	Pauline Bush	Lon Chaney
cast member	Time Out for Rhythm is a 1941 musical comedy film starring Rudy Vallée, Ann Miller and the Three Stooges (Moe Howard, Larry Fine, and Curly Howard).	Time Out for Rhythm	Rudy Vallée
cast member	Archie's Final Project is a teen comedy-drama film directed by David Lee Miller and starring Gabriel Sunday.	Archie's Final Project	Gabriel Sunday
cast member	Say Salaam India' is an 2007 Indian Hindi language movie, written and directed by Subhash Kapoor, and starring Sanjay Suri, Milind Soman and Sandhya Mridul .	Say Salaam India	Sanjay Suri	Milind Soman	Sandhya Mridul
cast member	Weekend of a Champion (alternately titled Afternoon of a Champion) is a British 1972 documentary film that captures the effort of British Formula One racing driver Jackie Stewart to compete in the 1971 Monaco Grand Prix in Monte Carlo.	Weekend of a Champion	Jackie Stewart
child	Bansi Lal did not contest the assembly elections in 2005 but his sons Chaudhary Surender Singh and Ranbir Singh Mahendra were elected to the state assembly.	Bansi Lal	Chaudhary Surender Singh
conflict	Lieutenant (later Colonel) William Dolley Tipton (sometimes erroneously referred to as William Duncan Tipton) began his military career as a World War I Sopwith Camel pilot.	William Dolley Tipton	World War I
conflict	Stridsvagn m/42 (Strv m/42) was Swedish medium tank in service in the World War II period.	Stridsvagn m/42	World War II
conflict	Joshua James Guppey (August 27, 1820 -- December 8, 1893) was a military officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War, judge, school superintendent and politician.	Joshua James Guppey	American Civil War
conflict	Vice-Admiral François-Paul Brueys d'Aigalliers, Comte de Brueys (February 12, 1753, Uzès, Gard -- August 1, 1798) was the French commander in the Battle of the Nile, in which the French Revolutionary Navy was defeated by Royal Navy forces under Admiral Horatio Nelson.	François-Paul Brueys d'Aigalliers	Battle of the Nile
conflict	Joseph John Franklin (June 18, 1870 -- April 28, 1940) was a United States Marine who received the Medal of Honor during the Spanish-- American War.	Joseph John Franklin	Spanish-- American War
conflict	Rear Admiral John Ancrum Winslow (19 November 1811 -- 29 September 1873) was an officer in the United States Navy during the Mexican-American War and the American Civil War.	John Ancrum Winslow	American Civil War
conflict	During the First Anglo-- Maratha War (1775--1782), General Thomas Wyndham Goddard with 6,000 troops stormed Bhadra Fort and captured Ahmedabad on February 15, 1779.	Bhadra Fort	First Anglo-- Maratha War
conflict	Captain William Wendell Rogers (10 November 1896 -- 11 January 1967) was a World War I flying ace credited with nine aerial victories.	William Wendell Rogers	World War I
conflict	Otto Binge, (born 19 May 1895 in Cottbus; died 18 July 1982) was an SS-Standartenführer (Colonel) during World War II and a commander of 17.	Otto Binge	World War II
conflict	Dickey Chapelle, born Georgette Louise Meyer (March 14, 1919--November 4, 1965), was an American photojournalist known for her work as a war correspondent from World War II through the Vietnam War.	Dickey Chapelle	Vietnam War
conflict	Donald E. Adams (February 23, 1921 -- August 30, 1952) was a United States Air Force flying ace during the Korean War.	Donald E. Adams	Korean War
conflict	Karl von Plettenberg was in command of the Guards Corps at the outset of World War I, assigned to the 2nd Army as part of the right wing of the forces that invaded France and Belgium as part of the Schlieffen Plan offensive in August 1914.	Karl von Plettenberg	World War I
conflict	Jean-Pierre Maïone-Libaude was a French veteran of the Algerian War (1954--62), former member of the OAS' Delta commando, a nationalist terrorist group.	Jean-Pierre Maïone-Libaude	Algerian War
conflict	Baron Charles-Joseph Christiani (27 February 1772 -- 6 April 1840) was a French Army Maréchal de camp who served during the Napoleonic Wars.	Charles-Joseph Christiani	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	William Westerhold (January 21, 1836 -- May 12, 1910) was a sergeant in the United States Army during the American Civil War.	William Westerhold	American Civil War
conflict	Air Vice-Marshal Ekanayake Edward Rohan Amerasekera DFC & BAR, RCyAF (21 May 1916 -- 20 March 1974) third Commander of the Royal Ceylon Air Force and World War II Royal Air Force Navigator.	Rohan Amerasekera	World War II
conflict	Samuel Miles (March 11, 1740 -- December 29, 1805) was an American military officer and politician, active in Pennsylvania before, during, and after the American Revolutionary War.	Samuel Miles	American Revolutionary War
conflict	Nikola Kalabić (until the start of World War II) worked in Land-registry management in Valjevo.	Nikola Kalabić	World War II
conflict	Fernand Goux (31 December 1899 -- 9 November 2008) was, at age 108, the penultimate French World War I veteran, with Pierre Picault being the last.	Fernand Goux	World War I
conflict	Flight Lieutenant Francis James Davies DFC (20 October 1889 -- 7 March 1941) was a British World War I flying ace credited with twelve aerial victories.	Francis James Davies	World War I
conflict	Emmanouel Pappas (Greek: Εμμανουήλ Παππάς; 1772--1821), prominent member of Filiki Etaireia and leader of the Greek War of Independence in Macedonia was one of the most heroic figures of the Struggle.	Emmanouel Pappas	Greek War of Independence
conflict	George G. Wortman (August 15, 1841 -- May 19, 1913) was a 19th-century Canadian-American soldier who served in the U.S. Army during the American Civil War and the Indian Wars.	George G. Wortman	American Civil War
conflict	Dr. Herward Braunegg (26 December 1917 -- 16 December 1983) was a highly decorated Hauptmann in the Wehrmacht during World War II and Oberst of the Reserves in the Bundesheer.	Herward Braunegg	World War II
conflict	The Merkava IV was used more extensively during the Gaza War, as it had been received by the IDF in increasing numbers since 2006, replacing more of the Merkava II and III versions of the tank that were in service.	Merkava	Gaza War
conflict	In 1941, Carroll O'Connor enrolled at Wake Forest University in North Carolina, but dropped out when the United States entered World War II. During World War II he was rejected by the United States Navy and enrolled in the United States Merchant Marine Academy for a short time.	Carroll O'Connor	World War II
conflict	USS Pansy (1861) was a steamer acquired by the Union Navy from the Union Army during the American Civil War.	USS Pansy (1861)	American Civil War
conflict	Hans Endreß (Endress) (5 July 1911 -- 24 January 1969) was a Hauptsturmführer (Captain) in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Hans Endreß	World War II
conflict	Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Clerk (c.1720 -- 1797) was a British engineer officer who served in the War of the Austrian Succession and the Seven Years' War.	Robert Clerk	War of the Austrian Succession
conflict	USS Susan Ann Howard (1863) was a schooner requisitioned from the prize court by the Union Navy during the Union blockade of the American Civil War.	USS Susan Ann Howard (1863)	American Civil War
conflict	Joseph Leonard (August 28, 1876--September 23, 1946) was a United States Marine private received the Medal of Honor for actions during the Philippine-- American War.	Joseph Leonard	Philippine-- American War
conflict	Joseph Horace Eaton (October 12, 1815 -- January 20, 1896) was an American artist and a career officer in the United States Army (Regular Army) who served as a brevet brigadier general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	Joseph Horace Eaton	American Civil War
conflict	The Maryland Line continued to distinguish itself in the later battles of the Southern theater of the American Revolutionary War with John Gunby continuing to command the 1st Maryland Regiment.	John Gunby	American Revolutionary War
conflict	William W. Chisman (1843 -- 1925) was a Union Army soldier during the American Civil War who received the Medal of Honor for gallantry during the Siege of Vicksburg on May 22, 1863.	William W. Chisman	American Civil War
conflict	Brought up between the Swedish court, Italy, and Britain, where his mother owned two large houses, Hellens in Herefordshire and Southside House in Wimbledon, Malcolm Munthe became a British citizen at the outbreak of World War II in order to fight, since Sweden would be neutral throughout the war.	Malcolm Munthe	World War II
conflict	Mihail Savov and Ferdinand are considered the main characters responsible for the Second Balkan War.	Mihail Savov	Second Balkan War
conflict	William Henry Carroll (1810 -- May 3, 1868) was a wealthy planter, a postmaster, and a Brigadier General in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War.	William Henry Carroll	American Civil War
conflict	Frederick William, Baron de Woedtke (c. 1740 - 31 July 1776) was a Prussian officer who served in the American Revolutionary War.	Frederick William, Baron de Woedtke	American Revolutionary War
conflict	The Beretta M1935 was captured in huge numbers during World War II from Italian and German armed forces by allied soldiers, who liked it because of its small size, rugged design and good construction.	Beretta M1935	World War II
conflict	USS Althea (1863) was a screw steamer acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War.	USS Althea (1863)	American Civil War
conflict	After his release, Rodoljub Čolaković emigrated to the Soviet Union and later took part in the Spanish Civil War on the Republican side.	Rodoljub Čolaković	Spanish Civil War
conflict	James Allen Hardie (May 5, 1823 -- December 14, 1876) was an American soldier, serving in a number of important administrative positions in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	James Allen Hardie	American Civil War
conflict	The USAT Sgt. Archer T. Gammon which served the United States Army at the end of World War II was named in his honor.	Archer T. Gammon	World War II
conflict	Galen Cole (born 1925) is a Maine World War II veteran and philanthropist.	Galen Cole	World War II
conflict	Hans-Henning Freiherr von Beust (17 April 1913 -- 27 March 1991) was a highly decorated Oberst in the Luftwaffe during World War II, and one of only 882 recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub).	Hans-Henning Freiherr von Beust	World War II
conflict	Richard Enderlin (January 11, 1843 -- February 11, 1930) was a musician and United States Army soldier who received a Medal of Honor for the heroism he displayed when fighting in the Battle of Gettysburg in 1863.	Richard Enderlin	Battle of Gettysburg
conflict	Educated at the Canford School, David Sheldrick returned to Kenya until World War II began in 1939.	David Sheldrick	World War II
conflict	The FAMAS has been used in the following conflicts: 1982 Lebanon War Operation Manta Chadian--	FAMAS	Lebanon War
conflict	John Willian, Jr. (1835 -- April 25, 1869) was an American Union brevet brigadier general during the period of the American Civil War.	John Willian	American Civil War
conflict	Admiral Sir Henry Ducie Chads, GCB (1788--1868) was an officer in the Royal Navy who saw action from the Napoleonic Wars to the Crimean War.	Henry Ducie Chads	Crimean War
conflict	Constantin Prezan (January 27, 1861 Butimanu, Dâmbovița County -- August 27, 1943) was a Romanian general during World War I and a Marshal of Romania afterward.	Constantin Prezan	World War I
conflict	Count Michel-Marie Pacthod (1764--1830) was a French officer during the French Revolutionary Wars and Napoleonic Wars, who rose to the rank of General of Division in 1808.	Michel-Marie Pacthod	Napoleonic Wars
constellation	NGC 3628, also known as the Hamburger Galaxy or Sarah's Galaxy is an unbarred spiral galaxy about 35 million light-years away in the constellation Leo.	NGC 3628	Leo
continent	Peacock Ridge (66°48′S 51°0′E) is a ridge standing between Mount Soucek and Mount Porteus, in the north part of the Tula Mountains in Enderby Land, Antarctica.	Peacock Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Mount Romnaes (71°31′S 24°0′E) is a prominent isolated mountain in Antarctica.	Mount Romnaes	Antarctica
continent	Säntis is among the most prominent summits in the Alps and the most prominent summit in Europe with an observation deck on the top.	Säntis	Europe
continent	Sliven Peak (Vrah Sliven \'vr&h 'sli-ven\) rises to 530 m in the east extremity of Melnik Ridge, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Sliven Peak	Antarctica
continent	Romeo Island is a rocky island lying off the north coast of Greenwich Island and west of Aitcho Islands in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Romeo Island	Antarctica
continent	The Johnson Nunataks (85°2′S 92°30′W) are two isolated rock crags, or nunataks, which lie 3 nautical miles (6 km) west of Reed Ridge, along the northwest side of Ford Massif in the Thiel Mountains of Antarctica.	Johnson Nunataks	Antarctica
continent	Luncke Ridge (68°29′S 78°25′E) is a fairly prominent ridge on the northern side of the eastern extremity of Langnes Fjord in the Vestfold Hills of Antarctica.	Luncke Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Kvithovden Peak (72°22′S 0°45′E) is a peak at the north end of Kvitkjolen Ridge in the Sverdrup Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Kvithovden Peak	Antarctica
continent	Rhodes Bluff (79°50′S 83°20′W) is a bare rock bluff 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) northwest of Mount Dolence, forming the northwest end of Enterprise Hills in the Heritage Range of Antarctica.	Rhodes Bluff	Antarctica
continent	DeZafra Ridge (79°17′S 157°27′E) is a narrow but prominent rock ridge, 5 nautical miles (9 km) long, which extends north from the northeast cliffs of Longhurst Plateau in the Cook Mountains of Antarctica.	DeZafra Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Morales Peak (86°15′S 126°22′W) is a peak which rises from the southern part of Metavolcanic Mountain in Antarctica, just east of Reedy Glacier.	Morales Peak	Antarctica
continent	The Four Ramps (84°42′S 177°35′E) are a group of four small rock spurs, roughly parallel and projecting through the snow surface, forming the northeast part of Sullivan Ridge on the west side of Ramsey Glacier, Antarctica.	Four Ramps	Antarctica
continent	Mount Kazukaitis (72°2′S 100°55′W) is a peak of the Walker Mountains, located at the base of Hughes Peninsula in the western part of Thurston Island, Antarctica.	Mount Kazukaitis	Antarctica
continent	Exile Nunatak (70°19′S 71°16′W) is an isolated nunatak in the northwest part of Handel Ice Piedmont in the west-central part of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Exile Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Karnobat Pass (Karnobatski Prohod \kar-no-'bat-ski 'pro-hod\) is a 220 m wide and 720 m high pass in Levski Ridge in Tangra Mountains, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Karnobat Pass	Antarctica
continent	The Fletcher Nunataks (74°54′S 72°47′W) are two nunataks lying 2.2 nautical miles (4.1 km) southwest of Barker Nunatak in the Grossman Nunataks, in Antarctica.	Fletcher Nunataks	Antarctica
continent	McCarthy Point (74°25′S 130°59′W) is an ice-covered point that marks the northeastern extremity of Grant Island on the seaward edge of the Getz Ice Shelf, Antarctica.	McCarthy Point	Antarctica
continent	Mount Fedallah (65°43′S 62°52′W) is a mountain approximately 1,250 metres (4,100 ft) high, situated east of the Pip Cliffs, on the north side of Flask Glacier, in the south-east foothills of Madrid Dome in Aristotle Mountains, eastern Graham Land Antarctica.	Mount Fedallah	Antarctica
continent	Manhaul Glacier (72°24′S 169°45′E) is a glacier flowing from the east slopes of Mount Humphrey Lloyd to enter Edisto Inlet just south of Luther Peak, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Manhaul Glacier	Antarctica
continent	McCrilliss Nunatak (85°27′S 128°55′W) is a nunatak marking the north end of the Gierloff Nunataks on the north side of the Wisconsin Range, Horlick Mountains, Antarctica.	McCrilliss Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Driscoll Island is a narrow, ice-covered island 30 kilometres (16 nmi) long, lying in Block Bay along the coast of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Driscoll Island	Antarctica
continent	Meander Glacier (73°16′S 166°55′E) is a large meandering tributary to Mariner Glacier in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Meander Glacier	Antarctica
continent	The Krasnov Rocks (71°48′S 10°20′E) are a linear group of rocks 2 nautical miles (4 km) south-southeast of the summit of Mount Dallmann, in the Orvin Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Krasnov Rocks	Antarctica
continent	The Hermite Islands (Spanish: Islas Hermite) are the islands Hermite, Herschel, Deceit and Hornos as well as the islets Maxwell, Jerdán, Arrecife, Chantieler, Hall, Deceit (islet), and Hasse at almost the southernmost end of South America.	Hermite Islands	South America
continent	Mount Kropotkin is a peak on the west side of Jøkulkyrkja Mountain in the Mühlig-Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Mount Kropotkin	Antarctica
continent	Sri Lanka (/sriːˈlɑːŋkə, -ˈlæŋkə/ or i/ʃriː-/; Sinhalese - ශ්‍රී ලංකාව, Tamil Ilaṅkai), officially the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka and known from the beginning of British colonial rule until 1972 as Ceylon (/sᵻˈlɒnˌ seɪ-ˌ siː-/), is an island country in South Asia near south-east India.	Sri Lanka	Asia
continent	Perce Point (72°8′S 74°38′W) is a low ice-covered headland 12 nautical miles (22 km) west-northwest of Berlioz Point on the southern coast of the Beethoven Peninsula, situated in the wouthwest portion of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Perce Point	Antarctica
continent	Fishtrap Cove (68°11′S 67°0′W) is a small cove 0.1 nautical miles (0.2 km) northwest of Boulder Point on the southwest side of Stonington Island, close off the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Fishtrap Cove	Antarctica
continent	Gornik Knoll (Bulgarian: хълм Горник, ``Halm Gornik'' \'h&lm 'gor-nik\) is the rocky hill rising to 466 m on the southeast side of Cugnot Ice Piedmont on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Gornik Knoll	Antarctica
continent	MacKay Peak is an ice-covered pyramidal peak rising to 770 m in Friesland Ridge, Tangra Mountains, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	MacKay Peak	Antarctica
continent	Mount McIntosh (77°31′S 168°41′E) is a mountain rising to about 2,600 metres (8,500 ft) in the western part of the Kyle Hills, on Ross Island, Antarctica.	Mount McIntosh	Antarctica
continent	Barnard Point is a headland which marks the south-east side of the entrance to False Bay on the south side of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Barnard Point	Antarctica
continent	Asparuh Peak (Asparuhov Vrah \as-pa-'ru-hov 'vr&h\) is a peak situated on Livingston Island, Antarctica.	Asparuh Peak	Antarctica
continent	Huey Creek (77°36′S 163°7′E) is a glacial meltwater stream, 1.2 nautical miles (2.2 km) long, flowing south from an ice field west of Mount Falconer to the north-central shore of Lake Fryxell, in Taylor Valley, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Huey Creek	Antarctica
continent	Neuburg Peak is a jagged rock peak in Antarctica, 1,840 m, rising 2.5 nautical miles (4.6 km) east of Walker Peak in the southwest part of Dufek Massif, Pensacola Mountains.	Neuburg Peak	Antarctica
continent	Mount Gerlache (74°59′S 162°26′E) is a prominent mountain, 980 metres (3,220 ft) high, standing on the northeast side of Larsen Glacier between Widowmaker Pass and Backstairs Passage Glacier, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Gerlache	Antarctica
continent	Vahsel Bay (German: Vahselbucht) is a bay about 7 miles wide in the western part of the Luitpold Coast, Antarctica.	Vahsel Bay	Antarctica
continent	Mount Eather (70°29′S 65°50′E) is a mountain about 2 nautical miles (4 km) south of the Martin Massif in the Porthos Range of the Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica.	Mount Eather	Antarctica
continent	Metzgar Nunatak (74°28′S 72°25′W) is a nunatak rising to about 1,700 metres (5,600 ft) 3 nautical miles (6 km) south of Tollefson Nunatak in the Yee Nunataks, Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Metzgar Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Anderson Dome is a prominent ice-covered dome mountain rising to 1,475 metres (4,840 ft) on the east side of Gopher Glacier, 4 nautical miles (7 km) east of the similar-appearing Bonnabeau Dome, in the Jones Mountains in Antarctica.	Anderson Dome	Antarctica
continent	Erebus Glacier (77°40′S 167°6′E) is a glacier draining the lower southern slopes of Mount Erebus, Ross Island, Antarctica.	Erebus Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Mount Hirman (75°28′S 72°46′W) is a prominent mountain marking the southern end of the Behrendt Mountains, in Ellsworth Land, Antarctica.	Mount Hirman	Antarctica
continent	Price Bluff (86°32′S 144°34′W) is a large cliff 5 nautical miles (9.3 km; 5.8 mi) northeast of Mount Mooney, standing near the head of Robison Glacier in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica.	Price Bluff	Antarctica
continent	Poibrene Heights (Bulgarian: Поибренски възвишения, ``Poibrenski Vazvisheniya'' \po-'i-bren-ski v&-zvi-'she-ni-ya\) are the heights rising to 850 m (Ravnogor Peak) on Oscar II Coast, Graham Land in Antarctica.	Poibrene Heights	Antarctica
continent	The Blackwall Mountains (68°22′S 66°48′W) in Antarctica rise to 1,370 metres (4,500 ft), extending in a west-northwest--east-southeast direction for 5 nautical miles (9 km) and lying close south of Neny Fjord on the west coast of Graham Land.	Blackwall Mountains	Antarctica
continent	Moe Point (70°19′S 62°23′W) is a point consisting of a small bare rock bluff, located just south of Croom Glacier on the northwest side of Smith Inlet, in Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Moe Point	Antarctica
continent	Leniz Point, also known as Barbaro Point, is the northern extremity of the small peninsula on which Mount Banck stands, lying 1 nautical mile (2 km) south of Bryde Island on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Leniz Point	Antarctica
continent	Mount Hollingshead (70°41′S 66°10′E) is a large peak about 3 nautical miles (6 km) east of Mount Dowie in the Aramis Range of the Prince Charles Mountains in Antarctica.	Mount Hollingshead	Antarctica
continent	The Tuvalu National Football Association is an associate member of the Oceania Football Confederation (OFC) and is seeking membership in FIFA.	Tuvalu	Oceania
continent	Mönkh Saridag (also spelled as Munku-Sardyk; Mongolian: Мөнх сарьдаг, lit. ``eternal aiguille'') is the highest mountain in the Sayan Mountains of Asia.	Mönkh Saridag	Asia
continent	The Gordon Nunataks (72°53′S 63°48′W) are a group of nunataks on the south side of Mosby Glacier, near its head, in south-central Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Gordon Nunataks	Antarctica
continent	Angino Buttress is a prominent buttress-type mountain near the center of the Skelton Icefalls in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Angino Buttress	Antarctica
continent	The Hannam Islands are three small islands lying in the eastern part of Commonwealth Bay, Antarctica, midway between Cape Denison and Cape Gray.	Hannam Islands	Antarctica
continent	Trigrad Gap (Trigradska Sedlovina \tri-'grad-ska se-dlo-vi-'na\) is a saddle of 500 m height in the Delchev Ridge in the Tangra Mountains of eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Trigrad Gap	Antarctica
continent	Iran (/aɪˈræn/ or i/ɪˈrɑːn/; Persian: Irān -- ایران‎‎ (ʔiːˈɾɒːn)), also known as Persia (/ˈpɜːrʒə/ or /ˈpɜːrʃə/), officially the Islamic Republic of Iran (جمهوری اسلامی ایران -- Jomhuri ye Eslāmi ye Irān (d͡ʒomhuːˌɾije eslɒːˌmije ʔiːˈɾɒːn)), is a country in Western Asia.	Iran	Asia
continent	Alligator Ridge (78°27′S 158°48′E) is a spectacular serrated rock ridge in Antarctica, extending northeast for 2 nautical miles (4 km) from Alligator Peak in the Boomerang Range into Skelton Neve.	Alligator Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Vivaldi Glacier (70°47′S 69°50′W) is a glacier lying between the Colbert Mountains and the Lully Foothills, flowing south from Purcell Snowfield into the head of Schubert Inlet on the west coast of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Vivaldi Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Perrier Bay (64°23′S 63°45′W) is a bay 6 nautical miles (11 km) wide indenting the northwest coast of Anvers Island in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica between Obitel Peninsula and Goten Peninsula.	Perrier Bay	Antarctica
continent	Paumelle Point (65°4′S 64°3′W) is a point marking the south side of the entrance to Libois Bay and the northwest end of the peninsula that forms the west extremity of Booth Island, in the Wilhelm Archipelago, Antarctica.	Paumelle Point	Antarctica
continent	Gale Escarpment (72°55′S 75°23′E) is a northwest-facing escarpment of rock and ice, standing eastward of Mount Harding and Wilson Ridge in the Grove Mountains of Antarctica.	Gale Escarpment	Antarctica
continent	Jamieson Ridge (80°27′S 25°53′W) is a narrow ridge 1 nautical mile (2 km) long, rising to about 1,200 metres (4,000 ft) at the southwestern end of the Herbert Mountains, in the Shackleton Range, Antarctica.	Jamieson Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Latady Island is a low ice-covered island off Antarctica, about 60 kilometres (35 nmi) long and more than 20 kilometres (10 nmi) wide, lying 80 kilometres (45 nmi) south of Charcot Island and west of Alexander Island.	Latady Island	Antarctica
continent	Agüero Point is a trapezoid-shaped and mostly ice-covered point projecting 900 m east-northeastwards from the east coast of Ioannes Paulus II Peninsula into Hero Bay, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Agüero Point	Antarctica
continent	Mount Moberly (64°44′S 63°41′W) is a steep-sided, snow-covered mountain, 1,535 metres (5,040 ft) high, at the end of the ridge extending southwest from Mount Français in the southern part of Anvers Island, in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.	Mount Moberly	Antarctica
continent	Basalt Lake is a small freshwater lake surrounded by three basalt outcrops with ``organ-pipe'' formations in their rocks, situated in the central part of the ice-free Byers Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Basalt Lake	Antarctica
continent	Kirkpatrick Glacier (75°9′S 136°0′W) is a tributary glacier about 12 nautical miles (22 km) long, flowing west along the south side of the McDonald Heights to enter the east side of Hull Glacier near the coast of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Kirkpatrick Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Ritli Hill (Bulgarian: хълм Ритли, ``Halm Ritli'' \'h&lm 'rit-li\) is a rocky hill rising to 45 m on the south coast of western Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Ritli Hill	Antarctica
continent	Cape Timblón is the conspicuous rocky cape forming the north extremity of Snow Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Cape Timblón	Antarctica
continent	Collins Glacier (73°41′S 65°55′E) is a glacier about 11 nautical miles (20 km) wide at its confluence with the Mellor Glacier, which it feeds from the southwest, located north of Mount Newton in the Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica.	Collins Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Mount Isherwood (74°59′S 113°43′W) is a flattish, mainly ice-covered mountain with steep rock slopes, located 4 miles (6.4 km) west-southwest of Mount Strange in the Kohler Range of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Mount Isherwood	Antarctica
continent	Hales Peak (64°8′S 62°9′W) is a peak rising from the northeast shoulder of Mount Cabeza in the northeast part of Brabant Island, Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.	Hales Peak	Antarctica
continent	The Flårjuvnutane Peaks (72°1′S 3°32′W) are a group of small rock peaks about 1 nautical mile (2 km) west of Flårjuven Bluff, on the Ahlmann Ridge in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Flårjuvnutane Peaks	Antarctica
continent	Mount Henry Lucy (85°11′S 170°26′E) is a prominent peak, 3,020 metres (9,900 ft) high, standing 2.5 nautical miles (5 km) south-southeast of Mount White at the southern end of the Supporters Range, Antarctica.	Mount Henry Lucy	Antarctica
continent	The Dikstra Buttresses (69°48′S 69°53′W) are a group of summits rising to about 1,500 metres (5,000 ft) on the western side of the Douglas Range, northern Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Dikstra Buttresses	Antarctica
continent	Foale Nunatak (70°16′S 65°20′E) is a nunatak lying 4 nautical miles (7 km) east-northeast of Moore Pyramid on the north side of Scylla Glacier, in the Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica.	Foale Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Yukidori Valley lies in the middle of the Langhovde Hills, on the east coast of Lützow-Holm Bay, in Queen Maud Land of East Antarctica, about 20 km south of Japan's Showa Station.	Yukidori Valley	Antarctica
continent	Cape Goldschmidt (80°41′S 161°12′E) is a low ice-covered cape forming the eastern tip of Nicholson Peninsula, at the west side of the Ross Ice Shelf, Antarctica.	Cape Goldschmidt	Antarctica
continent	Hlubeck Glacier (72°30′S 97°9′W) is a glacier 9 nautical miles (17 km) west of Long Glacier in southeast Thurston Island, Antarctica.	Hlubeck Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Morrill Peak is a sharp-pointed peak, about 550 metres (1,800 ft) high, in the Desko Mountains, rising 2 nautical miles (4 km) west-northwest of Thuma Peak in southeast Rothschild Island, Antarctica.	Morrill Peak	Antarctica
continent	Arruiz Glacier (70°39′S 162°9′E) is a tributary glacier in the Explorers Range of the Bowers Mountains in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Arruiz Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Hobbs Ridge (77°53′S 163°58′E) is a prominent arc-shaped ridge which circumscribes Hobbs Glacier to the north and northwest and forms the divide with the lower part of Blue Glacier, on the Scott Coast of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Hobbs Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Kvitskarvhalsen Saddle (72°30′S 0°51′E) is an ice saddle between Mount Krüger and the Robin Heights in the Sverdrup Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Kvitskarvhalsen Saddle	Antarctica
continent	Guido Island (64°55′S 63°50′W) is an island lying 1 nautical mile (2 km) northeast of Prioress Island in the Wauwermans Islands, in the Wilhelm Archipelago, Antarctica.	Guido Island	Antarctica
continent	The Husky Heights (84°53′S 176°0′E) are relatively flat, ice-covered heights 4 nautical miles (7 km) southeast of Haynes Table, overlooking the head of Brandau Glacier in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica.	Husky Heights	Antarctica
continent	Detaille Island is a small island off the northern end of the Arrowsmith Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Detaille Island	Antarctica
continent	Ellis Cone (75°49′S 116°23′W) is one of several small cones or cone remnants along the southwest side of Toney Mountain in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Ellis Cone	Antarctica
continent	McCaslin Nunatak (85°38′S 140°57′W) is an isolated nunatak 5 nautical miles (9 km) south of the west end of the Bender Mountains, Antarctica.	McCaslin Nunatak	Antarctica
country	Yanköy, Serik is a village in the District of Serik, Antalya Province, Turkey.	Yanköy, Serik	Turkey
country	Bangar-e Olya (Persian: بانگار عليا‎, also Romanized as Bāngār-e ``Olyā) is a village in Ozgoleh Rural District, Ozgoleh District, Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 100, in 23 families.	Bangar-e Olya	Iran
country	The NatFilm Festival, staged annually across 16 cinemas in Copenhagen, in addition to several in Odense, Aalborg (replaced by Kolding in 2007) and Århus, shows the widest programme of films to the largest festival audience in Denmark.	NatFilm Festival	Denmark
country	Murray Beach Provincial Park, is a provincial park in the Province of New Brunswick, Canada.	Murray Beach Provincial Park	Canada
country	Kalkin (Persian: كلكين‎, also Romanized as Kalkīn) is a village in Yeylaq Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kalkin	Iran
country	Palizan (Persian: پاليزان‎, also Romanized as Pālīzān; also known as Pālezān) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Palizan	Iran
country	Avenida Alvear is an upscale thoroughfare in Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Avenida Alvear	Argentina
country	Annenieki Parish (Latvian: Annenieku pagasts) is an administrative unit of Dobele Municipality, Latvia.	Annenieki Parish	Latvia
country	Yumbel is a town and commune of the Province of Bío Bío in the region of the same name, Chile.	Yumbel	Chile
country	Mungia is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Basque Country of northern Spain.	Mungia	Spain
country	Brestovica pri Povirju (pronounced (ˈbɾeːstɔʋitsa pɾi pɔˈʋiːɾju); Italian: Brestovizza) is a small settlement north of Povir in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Brestovica pri Povirju	Slovenia
country	Takab County or Tekab County (Persian: شهرستان تکاب‎‎) is a county in West Azerbaijan Province in Iran.	Takab County	Iran
country	El Puig (Valencian pronunciation: (eɫ ˈputʃ)), officially El Puig de Santa Maria since 2012 (also known as El Puig d'Enesa or El Puig de Cepolla), is a village situated 15 km north of the city of Valencia in the comarca of Horta Nord, Spain.	El Puig	Spain
country	Truszki-Patory (ˈtruʂki paˈtɔrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Truszki-Patory	Poland
country	The Halifax Convention Centre is a conference centre under construction in downtown Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Halifax Convention Centre	Canada
country	The Schleswig Geest (German: Schleswigsche Geest, Danish: Slesvigsk Gest) lies between the North Frisian Marsh and Schleswig-Holstein Uplands in the north of Schleswig-Holstein (Southern Schleswig) in Germany.	Schleswig Geest	Germany
country	Vendsyssel is the northernmost traditional district of Denmark and of Jutland.	Vendsyssel	Denmark
country	Tabriz International Airport (Persian: فرودگاه بین المللی تبریز‎‎) (IATA: TBZ, ICAO: OITT) is an airport that serves Tabriz, Iran.	Tabriz International Airport	Iran
country	Tuturqan (Persian: توتورقان‎, also Romanized as Tūtūrqān; also known as Tūtūrqānlu) is a village in Qeshlaqat-e Afshar Rural District, Afshar District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Tuturqan	Iran
country	Llaqtan (Quechua llaqta place (village, town, city, country, nation), -n a suffix, hispanicized spelling Llactan) is an archaeological site in Peru.	Llaqtan	Peru
country	Clifden (Irish: An Clochán, meaning ``stepping stones'') is a town on the coast of County Galway, Ireland and being Connemara's largest town, it is often referred to as ``the Capital of Connemara''.	Clifden	Ireland
country	Valkyrie plass is a square in Oslo, Norway, located one block southeast of Majorstuen.	Valkyrie plass	Norway
country	Frue Plads (literally ``Square of (Our) Lady'') is a public square located on the north side of the Church of Our Lady in central Copenhagen, Denmark.	Frue Plads	Denmark
country	Gudaibiya (Qudaibiya) is a neighbourhood in Manama, the capital city of Bahrain.	Gudaibiya	Bahrain
country	Baqeriyeh (Persian: باقريه‎, also Romanized as Bāqerīyeh) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Baqeriyeh	Iran
country	Sânmihaiu de Câmpie (Hungarian: Mezőszentmihály) is a commune in Bistrița-Năsăud County, Romania.	Sânmihaiu de Câmpie	Romania
country	Colonelgunj is a pre-dominantly Bengali locality/township of Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Colonelgunj	India
country	Mendi, Papua New Guinea, is the provincial capital of the Southern Highlands Province.	Mendi	Papua New Guinea
country	José Bernardo Gutiérrez de Lara School of Medicine (JBGdL) is a medical school located in Nueva Ciudad Guerrero, Tamaulipas, Mexico.	José Bernardo Gutiérrez de Lara School of Medicine	Mexico
country	Strakonice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈstrakoɲɪtsɛ); German: Strakonitz) is a town in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Strakonice	Czech Republic
country	Gran Teatro Cervantes is a theatre, dedicated to Miguel Cervantes, in Tangier, Morocco.	Gran Teatro Cervantes	Morocco
country	Marmala waterfall lies a few kilometres away from Erattupetta, in Kottayam district, Kerala, India inside a private estate.	Marmala waterfall	India
country	Stare Łosienice (ˈstarɛ wɔɕɛˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stare Łosienice	Poland
country	Stora Huvön was voted one of Sweden's most lovely islands in a nationwide poll.	Stora Huvön	Sweden
country	Keiskammahoek (also spelled Keiskamahoek) is a town in the Eastern Cape Province, South Africa.	Keiskammahoek	South Africa
country	The Brussels Metro (French: Métro de Bruxelles, Dutch: Brusselse metro) is a rapid transit system serving a large part of the Brussels-Capital Region of Belgium, EU.	Brussels Metro	Belgium
country	The Montreal Festivals (French: Festivals de Montréal) was an arts festival held annually in Montreal, Canada from 1936-1965.	Montreal Festivals	Canada
country	Xuan'en County (Chinese: 宣恩; pinyin: Xuān'ēn) is a county of southwestern Hubei province, People's Republic of China.	Xuan'en County	People's Republic of China
country	Pehuajó (Spanish pronunciation: (pewaˈxo)) is a city in the Pehuajó Partido (Pehuajó district) in the province of Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Pehuajó	Argentina
country	Founded in 1956 the Beijing University of Chinese Medicine is one of the earliest established traditional Chinese medical institutions for higher learning in the People Republic of China.	Beijing University of Chinese Medicine	People Republic of China
country	Kennedys Bush is a south-western suburb of Christchurch, New Zealand.	Kennedys Bush	New Zealand
country	Sheshkal (Persian: ششکل‎, also Romanized as Sheshkel; also known as Shishkal) is a village in Dehshal Rural District, in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Sheshkal	Iran
country	Smalltown Supersound is an independent record label based in Oslo, Norway, and dedicated to new forms of jazz, rock and electronic music.	Smalltown Supersound	Norway
country	Getamej (Armenian: Գետամեջ, also Romanized as Getamech; until 1948, Ketran) is a town in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.	Getamej	Armenia
country	The Mokihinui River is a river located on the West Coast of New Zealand's South Island, about 40 kilometres north of Westport.	Mokihinui River	New Zealand
country	Nürburgring is a 150,000-capacity motorsports complex located in the village of Nürburg, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Nürburgring	Germany
country	Darvishan Bar (Persian: درويشانبر‎, also Romanized as Darvīshān Bar; also known as Darvīshāneh Bar) is a village in Divshal Rural District, in the Central District of Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Darvishan Bar	Iran
country	Thollapalli is a small hamlet in Karnataka (near Pathapalya), Chikkaballapur district, India located at the longitude of 77.9477728 and the latitude of 13.788571.	Thollapalli	India
country	The 2011 Copa do Brasil (officially known as the 2011 Copa Kia do Brasil for sponsorship reasons) was the 23rd edition of the Copa do Brasil, Brazil's national football cup tournament.	2011 Copa do Brasil	Brazil
country	Sławoborze (swavɔˈbɔʐɛ) (German: Stolzenberg) is a village in Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Sławoborze	Poland
country	In UK railway history, Spath is notable as the site of the first automatic (i.e. train-operated) level crossing in the United Kingdom, which came into operation on 5 February 1961.	Spath	United Kingdom
country	Devonwall was a political concept introduced in the United Kingdom in the 1970s by the Conservative government.	Devonwall	United Kingdom
country	Stahl Brandenburg Rugby is a German rugby union club from Brandenburg, currently playing in the Rugby-Regionalliga East A. The club, located in former East Germany, used to be part of the BSG Stahl Brandenburg, a multi-sports club formed in November 1950.	Stahl Brandenburg Rugby	East Germany
country	MeteoSwiss (German: MeteoSchweiz, French: MétéoSuisse, Italian: MeteoSvizzera), officially the Federal Office of Meteorology and Climatology, is an office of the federal administration of Switzerland.	MeteoSwiss	Switzerland
country	Sporting Clube da Boa Vista is a sports club whose football (soccer) team plays in the Boa Vista Island League in Cape Verde.	Sporting Clube da Boa Vista	Cape Verde
country	Caqar (also, Dzhagar) is a village and municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Caqar	Azerbaijan
country	The Chartered Insurance Institute (also known as the CII) is a United Kingdom based professional organisation for those working in the insurance and financial services industries.	Chartered Insurance Institute	United Kingdom
country	During his visit to the United Kingdom, Pope Benedict XVI celebrated mass and presided over the beatification of Cardinal John Henry Newman, with a crowd of 51,626 people present at the 80,000-capacity Cofton Park near Longbridge, Birmingham, on Sunday 19 September 2010.	Cofton Park	United Kingdom
country	Marandegan (Persian: مارندگان‎, also Romanized as Mārandegān; also known as Mārdegān) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Marandegan	Iran
country	Nuuk Art Museum (Danish: Nuuk Kunstmuseum) is a national museum in Greenland, located in Nuuk, the capital.	Nuuk Art Museum	Greenland
country	Davao del Norte (Filipino: Hilagang Dabaw), is a province in the Philippines located in the Davao Region in Mindanao.	Davao del Norte	Philippines
country	Fossacesia is a city in the province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region of Italy.	Fossacesia	Italy
country	Tomboutou or Toumboutou or Toumbouctou is a town and arrondissement in the Alibori Department of northeastern Benin.	Tomboutou	Benin
country	Kajtasovo (Serbian Cyrillic: Кајтасово) is a village in Serbia.	Kajtasovo	Serbia
country	Karikkoselkä is a lake formed in an impact crater in Petäjävesi, Finland.	Karikkoselkä	Finland
country	Agioi Trimithias (Greek: Αγίοι Τριμιθιάς) is village located in the Nicosia District of Cyprus.	Agioi Trimithias	Cyprus
country	The Uhrencup is a club football tournament, held annually in Grenchen, Switzerland.	Uhrencup	Switzerland
country	The Zürich Zoologischer Garten (Zürich Zoological Garden) is a zoo located in Zürich, Switzerland.	Zürich Zoologischer Garten	Switzerland
country	Kokopo is the capital of East New Britain in Papua New Guinea.	Kokopo	Papua New Guinea
country	Monfero is a municipality in the comarca of Eume in the province of A Coruña in the autonomous community of Galicia in northwestern Spain.	Monfero	Spain
country	Amir Hajjilu (Persian: اميرحاجيلو‎, also Romanized as Amīr Ḩājjīlū; also known as Amir Hajloo and Amīr Ḩājlū) is a village in Qarah Bulaq Rural District, Sheshdeh and Qarah Bulaq District, Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran.	Amir Hajjilu	Iran
country	Baba Banda Singh Bahadur Polytechnic College (BBSBPC), Fatehgarh Sahib, Punjab, India was established in 2006 by the Baba Banda Singh Bahadur Educational Trust formed under the patronage of Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee with the approval of the Government of Punjab.	Baba Banda Singh Bahadur Polytechnic College	India
country	Kalchat-e Heydarabad (Persian: كلچات حيدرآباد‎, also Romanized as Kalchāt-e Ḩeydarābād; also known as Kalchāt-e Valīābād) is a village in Esmailabad Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kalchat-e Heydarabad	Iran
country	Onankali is a village in the northern part of Namibia namely Owamboland, it is situated about 50 km South East of Ondangwa or 20 km North-West of Omuthiya.	Onankali	Namibia
country	The Jathika Hela Urumaya (Sinhalese: ජාතික හෙළ උරුමය, Tamil: ஜாதிக ஹெல உறுமய, often approximated in English as National Heritage Party) is a political party in Sri Lanka which is led by Buddhist monks.	Jathika Hela Urumaya	Sri Lanka
country	Kafr Mousa (Arabic: كفر موسى‎, also spelled Kafr Musa) is a village in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located south of Homs.	Kafr Mousa	Syria
country	Marquardt Group is a family enterprise headquartered in Germany.	Marquardt Group	Germany
country	Arkhipo-Osipovka (Russian: Архи́по-О́сиповка) is a rural locality (a selo) and a Black Sea resort under the jurisdiction of the Town of Gelendzhik in Krasnodar Krai, Russia.	Arkhipo-Osipovka	Russia
country	Vihren (Bulgarian: Вихрен) is the highest peak of Bulgaria's Pirin Mountains.	Vihren	Bulgaria
country	Étang de Vaccarès is a lake, or rather; a salt water lagoon (étang), in the wetlands of the Camargue in the delta of the River Rhône in southern France.	Étang de Vaccarès	France
country	Gartnanoul is a megalithic court tomb located in Killykeen Forest Park, Loughtee Upper, County Cavan, Ireland.	Gartnanoul	Ireland
country	Yaxchilan (pronounced: (ʝaʃtʃiˈlan)) is an ancient Maya city located on the bank of the Usumacinta River in what is now the state of Chiapas, Mexico.	Yaxchilan	Mexico
country	Christ's College, Christchurch is an independent, Anglican, secondary, day and boarding school for boys, located in the central city of Christchurch, New Zealand.	Christ's College, Christchurch	New Zealand
country	Hanau Army Airfield is a former military airfield, located 5.2 km (3.2 mi) north-northeast of Hanau in Hesse, Germany.	Hanau Army Airfield	Germany
country	Yarraloola or Yarraloola Station is a pastoral lease that once operated as a sheep station but is currently operating as a cattle station in Western Australia.	Yarraloola	Australia
country	The Frontist Party (French: Parti frontiste, PF) was a political party in France founded in 1936 by Gaston Bergery and Georges Izard.	Frontist Party	France
country	Machliny (maˈxlinɨ) (German: Machlin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czaplinek, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Machliny	Poland
country	Gare de Busigny is a railway station serving the town Busigny, Nord department, northern France.	Gare de Busigny	France
country	Ab Bui (Persian: اب بوئي‎, also Romanized as Āb Bū’ī) is a village in Baghak Rural District, in the Central District of Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Ab Bui	Iran
country	The Yukon Arts Centre is a non-profit corporation in Whitehorse, Yukon, Canada.	Yukon Arts Centre	Canada
country	Tibooburra Airport (IATA: TYB, ICAO: YTIB) is a small airport located 3 nautical miles (5.6 km; 3.5 mi) east of Tibooburra, New South Wales, Australia.	Tibooburra Airport	Australia
country	Kilwa Masoko is a port town on the Indian Ocean in south-eastern Tanzania.	Kilwa Masoko	Tanzania
country	Te Henga (Bethells Beach) is a coastal community in the Auckland Region in the north of the North Island, New Zealand.	Te Henga (Bethells Beach)	New Zealand
country	Vailoa (Vailoa i Palauli) is a village on the island of Savai'i in Samoa.	Vailoa	Samoa
country	Kufr Khall, (also written Kufur Khall, Kufr Khal) (Arabic: كفرخل ), is a town in the north of Jordan, in the Jerash Governorate.	Kufr Khall	Jordan
country	Lawas Airport (IATA: LWY, ICAO: WBGW) is a Short Take-off and Landing (STOL) airport serving Lawas, a town in the state of Sarawak in Malaysia.	Lawas Airport	Malaysia
country	Panguru is a community in the northern Hokianga harbour, in Northland, New Zealand.	Panguru	New Zealand
country	Kirani (N 30.17 E 66.94) is an historical village lying five miles (8 km) west of Quetta city, capital of Baluchistan province of Pakistan on the outskirts of the Chiltan range and is set to derive its name from a defile lying near the village known as Giran Nai, or Kran Tangi.	Kirani	Pakistan
country	Waldburg-Zeil was a County ruled by the House of Waldburg, located in southeastern Baden-Württemberg, Germany, located around Schloss Zeil, near Leutkirch im Allgäu.	Waldburg-Zeil	Germany
country	In Germany, Tchibo's slogan is ``Every week a new world'' (German: Jede Woche eine neue Welt);.	Tchibo	Germany
country	Morsum (Frisian: Muasem) is a village on the North Sea island of Sylt in the district of Nordfriesland in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Morsum	Germany
country	Kicar (pronounced (ˈkiːtsaɾ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Ptuj in northeastern Slovenia.	Kicar	Slovenia
country	Mandø is one of the Danish Wadden Sea islands off the southwest coast of Jutland, Denmark in the Wadden Sea, part of the North Sea.	Mandø	Denmark
country	Mazraeh-ye Parvarsh Mahi (Persian: مزرعه پرورش ماهي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Parvarsh Māhī) is a village in Ramjerd-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 14, in 4 families.	Mazraeh-ye Parvarsh Mahi	Iran
country	The Parish Church of St Peter, Great Berkhamsted, is a Church of England, Grade II* listed church in the town of Berkhamsted, Hertfordshire, in the United Kingdom.	Church of St Peter, Great Berkhamsted	United Kingdom
country	The Das Flores River (Rio de Janeiro) is a river of Rio de Janeiro in southeastern Brazil.	Das Flores River (Rio de Janeiro)	Brazil
country	Ludgeřovice (German: Ludgierzowitz, 1939-45: Ludgerstal, Polish: Ludgierzowice) is a village in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.	Ludgeřovice	Czech Republic
country	Halta (in Arabic حلتا ) is a small village in the far south-east of Lebanon, overlooking the territories occupied by Israel, with a population of almost 350 people.	Halta	Lebanon
country	Évian-les-Bains or Évian (French pronunciation: ​(evjɑ̃ le bɛ̃)) is a commune in the northern part of the Haute-Savoie department in the Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.	Évian-les-Bains	France
country	Tolum Khani (Persian: تلومخاني‎, also Romanized as Tolūm Khānī) is a village in Deylaman Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Tolum Khani	Iran
country	Lake Wilkie is a small, scenic lake near Tautuku Bay in the Catlins, south of Dunedin, New Zealand.	Lake Wilkie	New Zealand
country	Royal Boskalis Westminster N.V. is a Netherlands-based company that provides services relating to the construction and maintenance of maritime infrastructure on an international basis.	Royal Boskalis Westminster	Netherlands
country	Mięcierzyn-Leśniczówka (mjɛnˈt͡ɕɛʐɨn lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Mięcierzyn-Leśniczówka	Poland
country	The University of Sudbury is a Roman Catholic bilingual university in Sudbury, Ontario, Canada which offers courses in French and English.	University of Sudbury	Canada
country	Főnix Hall is a multi-purpose arena in Debrecen, Hungary.	Főnix Hall	Hungary
country	Amaigbo is a large town in Imo State, Nigeria.	Amaigbo	Nigeria
country	Sault College is home of one of the best recognized aviation programs in Canada, the program provides Integrated Commercial Pilot License Aircraft including a multi-engine instrument rating (CPL (A)IR).	Sault College	Canada
country	Ahmadabad-e Baradaran (Persian: احمدابادبرادران‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Barādarān) is a village in Golestan Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ahmadabad-e Baradaran	Iran
country	Damiv (Persian: دميو‎, also Romanized as Damīv) is a village in Dezli Rural District, in the Central District of Sarvabad County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Damiv	Iran
country	Tses is a village in ǁKaras Region, Namibia with a population of approximately 1000; probably 1000 more live in the surrounding semi-desert farming hinterland.	Tses	Namibia
country	Pedrógão Grande (Portuguese pronunciation: (pɨˈðɾɔɣɐ̃w ˈɣɾɐ̃d(ɨ))) is a municipality in the district of Leiria in Portugal.	Pedrógão Grande	Portugal
country	Galyonki (Russian: Галёнки) is a rural locality (a selo) in Oktyabrsky District of Primorsky Krai, Russia.	Galyonki	Russia
country	Bhawana Tehsil (also spelled as Bhowana Tehsil) (Punjabi, Urdu: بھوانہ تصیل‎) is a sub-division (tehsil) of Chiiot district in Punjab, Pakistan.	Bhawana Tehsil	Pakistan
country	Badou is a town in western Togo near the Ghanaian border, in Plateaux Region.	Badou	Togo
country	Narmak (Persian: نارمک‎) is a neighbourhood in northeast Tehran, the capital of Iran.	Narmak	Iran
country	The Spyros Kyprianou Athletic Center (Greek: Αθλητικό Κέντρο ``Σπύρος Κυπριανού'') also known as Palais des sports is the biggest and the most imposing multi dynamic indoor athletic arena in Cyprus.	Spyros Kyprianou Athletic Center	Cyprus
country	Bolotwa (also spelled Bolotwe) is a town in Eastern Cape, South Africa.	Bolotwa	South Africa
country	Kerdelan (Persian: كردلان‎, also Romanized as Kerdelān; also known as Kardilu, Kerdīleh, Kordevān, and Kordlan) is a village in Shonbeh Rural District, Shonbeh and Tasuj District, Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Kerdelan	Iran
country	The Anning District is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China.	Anning District	People's Republic of China
country	The Espada Cemetery is a disused cemetery located approximately a mile west of the city of Havana, Cuba, near to the coast and close to the San Lázaro Leper Hospital.	Espada Cemetery	Cuba
country	The Kedumba River, a perennial river that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment, is located in the Blue Mountains and Macarthur regions of New South Wales, Australia.	Kedumba River	Australia
country	Klecza Dolna (ˈklɛt͡ʂa ˈdɔlna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wadowice, within Wadowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Klecza Dolna	Poland
country	Lumbo is a port on the northeast Indian Ocean coast of Mozambique.	Lumbo	Mozambique
country	Crofton House School, located in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, is a private, university-preparatory school for girls that is constantly placed at the top of the Fraser Institute's school rankings in years past.	Crofton House School	Canada
country	Kreis Schubin was a Kreis in Prussia (county) in the northern administrative district of Bromberg, in the province of Posen.	Kreis Schubin	Prussia
country	Abtsdorf is a village and a former municipality in the Wittenberg district of Saxony-Anhalt in Germany.	Abtsdorf	Germany
country	Serrano Island, also known as Little Wellington Island, is an island in the Aisén Region, Chile.	Serrano Island	Chile
country	Naogaon Government College (Bengali: নওগাঁ সরকারি কলেজ) is a public educational institution based in Naogaon District, Bangladesh.	Naogaon Government College	Bangladesh
country	Østerøya is one of two peninsulas outside Sandefjord, Norway.	Østerøya	Norway
country	Babkarabad (Persian: بابكراباد‎, also Romanized as Bābkarābād) is a village in Lahijan-e Sharqi Rural District, Lajan District, Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Babkarabad	Iran
country	The Surville Cliffs are the northernmost point of the mainland of New Zealand.	Surville Cliffs	New Zealand
country	The 1955 Le Mans disaster occurred during the 1955 24 Hours of Le Mans motor race in Le Mans, France, when a crash caused large fragments of racing car debris to fly into the crowd.	1955 Le Mans disaster	France
country	Kardeh Rural District (Persian: دهستان كارده‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kardeh Rural District	Iran
country	Bobowa (bɔˈbɔva) (Yiddish: באבאוו‎) is a town in the Gorlice County, Poland.	Bobowa	Poland
country	Vila Nova de Gaia, or simply Gaia (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈvilɐ ˈnɔvɐ ðɨ ˈɣajɐ)) is a city and a municipality in Porto District in Norte Region, Portugal.	Vila Nova de Gaia	Portugal
country	The Sas dla Crusc (German: Heiligkreuzkofel, Italian: Sasso di Santa Croce (ˈsasso di ˈsanta ˈkroːtʃe)) is a mountain of the Fanes group in South Tyrol, Italy.	Sas dla Crusc	Italy
country	El Limonar International School, Murcia - ELIS Murcia is a private profit-making coeducational international school located in Murcia, Spain.	El Limonar International School, Murcia	Spain
country	Goniwilk-Las (ɡɔˈnivilk ˈlas) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelechów, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Goniwilk-Las	Poland
country	Mount Kupe or Mont Koupé is a plutonic mountain in the Western High Plateau of Cameroon, part of the Cameroon line of volcanoes.	Mount Kupe	Cameroon
country	Kilkenny Airport (IATA: KKY, ICAO: EIKK) is an airport located 1.5 NM (2.8 km; 1.7 mi) west of Kilkenny in County Kilkenny, Ireland.	Kilkenny Airport	Ireland
country	Rąblów (ˈrɔmbluf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąwolnica, within Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Rąblów	Poland
country	Lake Péligre (French: Lac de Péligre) is the second largest lake in Haiti, and is located in the Centre Department.	Lake Péligre	Haiti
country	The Canton of Retiers is a former canton of France, in the Ille-et-Vilaine département, located in the southeast of the department.	Canton of Retiers	France
country	Nag Hammadi (Arabic: نجع حمادى‎, IPA: (ˈnæɡʕe ħæmˈmæːdi)) is a city in Upper Egypt.	Nag Hammadi	Egypt
country	Huntingdale Golf Club is a golf club located in South Oakleigh, Melbourne, Australia.	Huntingdale Golf Club	Australia
country	Isola di Capo Rizzuto is a comune (municipality) in the province of Crotone, Calabria, Italy.	Isola di Capo Rizzuto	Italy
country	Haut-Vully is a former municipality in the district of See in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.	Haut-Vully	Switzerland
country	Boudica's Way is a waymarked long-distance footpath in East Anglia, England, United Kingdom.	Boudica's Way	United Kingdom
country	Nice Cathedral (French: Basilique-Cathédrale Sainte-Marie et Sainte-Réparate de Nice) is the cathedral of the Diocese of Nice and is located in the old town of Nice in the south of France.	Nice Cathedral	France
country	Colli di Luni is an Italian Denominazione di origine controllata (DOC) located in both Liguria and Tuscany in northwest Italy.	Colli di Luni	Italy
country	Miss Bahamas is a national Beauty pageant in The Bahamas.	Miss Bahamas	The Bahamas
country	The Busan Cinema Center (also called ``Dureraum,'' meaning enjoying seeing movies all together in Korean) is the official, exclusive venue of the Busan International Film Festival (BIFF), where its opening and closing ceremonies take place, located in Centum City, Busan, South Korea.	Busan Cinema Center	South Korea
country	Wybcz (vɨpt͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubianka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Wybcz	Poland
country	P'iq'iñ Qullu (Aymara p'iq'iña head, qullu mountain, ``head mountain'', also spelled Peken Kkollu) is a mountain in the north of the Cordillera Real in the Andes of Bolivia, about 4,875-metre (15,994 ft) high.	P'iq'iñ Qullu	Bolivia
country	Alalaú River is a river forming part of the border between the Amazonas and Roraima states in north-western Brazil.	Alalaú River	Brazil
country	The Mount Hypipamee Crater, also known as The Crater is a huge diatreme located south-east of Herberton on the Atherton Tableland in Far North Queensland, Australia.	Mount Hypipamee Crater	Australia
country	Sulistrowiczki (sulistrɔˈvit͡ʂki) (German: Klein Silsterwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobótka, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Sulistrowiczki	Poland
country	Pitip (Yaghnobi Питип) is an abbandoned village in western Tajikistan.	Pitip	Tajikistan
country	Guañacagua (hispanicized spelling of Aymara Waña Q'awa, waña dry, q'awa little river, ditch, crevice, fissure, gap in the earth, ``dry brook'' or ``dry ravine'') is a village in the Arica and Parinacota Region, Chile.	Guañacagua	Chile
country	Grand-Champ (Breton: Gregam) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.	Grand-Champ	France
country	Vihorlat Mountains (Slovak: Vihorlatské vrchy; Ukrainian: Вигорлат, Vyhorliat) or colloquially Vihorlat is a volcanic mountain range in eastern Slovakia and western Ukraine.	Vihorlat Mountains	Slovakia
country	Großmürbisch is a town in the district of Güssing in Burgenland in the southeastern of Austria.	Großmürbisch	Austria
country	Mali Obrež (pronounced (ˈmaːli ɔˈbɾeːʃ); German: Kleinobresch) is a settlement in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Mali Obrež	Slovenia
country	Juqhuri (Aymara jughu muddy place, -ri a suffix, hispanicized spelling Jucure, Jucuri) is a mountain in the Andes of southern Peru, about 5,223.1 metres (17,136 ft) high.	Juqhuri	Peru
country	Séné (Breton: Sine) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.	Séné	France
country	Queen's Mine is a village in Matabeleland North, Zimbabwe and is located about 55 km north-east of Bulawayo along the Bulawayo-Eastnor road.	Queen's Mine	Zimbabwe
country	Yambio (Arabic: يامبيو‎) is a city in South Sudan.	Yambio	South Sudan
country	After the establishment of the People's Republic of China in 1949, some damage was done to the Forbidden City as the country was swept up in revolutionary zeal.	Forbidden City	People's Republic of China
country	Opinogóra Górna (ɔpinɔˈɡura ˈɡurna) is a village in Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Opinogóra Górna	Poland
country	Sompt is a commune in the Deux-Sèvres department in western France.	Sompt	France
country	The Lake Palace is located on the island of Jag Niwas in Lake Pichola, Udaipur, India, and its natural foundation spans 4 acres (16,000 m2).	Lake Palace	India
country	Puerto Toro is a hamlet on the eastern coast of Navarino Island, Chile.	Puerto Toro	Chile
country	Arkit is a village in Jalal-Abad Region of Kyrgyzstan, located south of Lake Sary chelek and north of Kerben.	Arkit	Kyrgyzstan
country	Moomin World is on the island of Kailo beside the old town of Naantali, near the city of Turku in Southwest Finland region.	Moomin World	Finland
country	Althorpe Islands Conservation Park is a protected area occupying the Althorpe Islands, Haystack Island and Seal Island in Investigator Strait near the town of Stenhouse Bay in South Australia.	Althorpe Islands Conservation Park	Australia
country	Unitec Institute of Technology (Māori: Te Whare Wānanga o Wairaka) is the largest institute of technology in Auckland, New Zealand with over 16,000 students in 2012 (10,340 EFTS) .	Unitec Institute of Technology	New Zealand
country	Pape Avenue Cemetery, officially known as Holy Blossom Cemetery, is the first Jewish cemetery in the city of Toronto, Canada.	Pape Avenue Cemetery	Canada
country	Buddu is a county of the kingdom of Buganda in what is now Uganda.	Buddu	Uganda
country	Planet Lofoten is a Land Art Installation of the solar system positioned in the open nature of West Lofoten in Northern Norway.	Planet Lofoten	Norway
country	Jadranska Avenue (Croatian: Jadranska avenija, literally: Adriatic Avenue) is a mostly six-lane controlled-access avenue in the Novi Zagreb -- zapad city district of southwestern Zagreb, Croatia.	Jadranska Avenue	Croatia
country	Vemb is a little town in west Jutland, Denmark with a population of 1,313 (1 January 2014).	Vemb	Denmark
country	Isalo National Park is a National Park in the Ihorombe Region of Madagascar.	Isalo National Park	Madagascar
country	Kollel Ohr Yosef is an institute of rabbinic study in Ontario, Canada, serving the Thornhill and northern Toronto communities.	Kollel Ohr Yosef	Canada
country	Tetritskaro or Tetritsqaro (Georgian: თეთრიწყარო) is a town in Kvemo Kartli in southern Georgia.	Tetritsqaro	Georgia
country	The Treasury Casino, also known as The Treasury is a casino in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Treasury Casino	Australia
country	Kapeenniemi a recreational area for the whole family and Kapeenkoski (meaning: Narrow rapids) a popular fishing rapids in Central Finland in an inspiring nature resort.	Kapeenkoski	Finland
country	The Dangme East District is one of the ten (10) districts in the Greater Accra Region of Ghana, and covers a surface of 909 km².	Dangme East District	Ghana
country	The Gimnyeonggul Lava Tube, located in Donggimnyeong-ri, Gujwa-eup, Jeju City, is one of the World Heritage Sites in South Korea.	Gimnyeonggul	South Korea
country	The Canadian Women's Army Corps was a non-combatant branch of the Canadian Army for women established during the Second World War to release men from those non-combatant roles in the Canadian armed forces as part of expanding Canada's war effort.	Canadian Women's Army Corps	Canada
country	Gaj Wielki (ˈɡai̯ ˈvjɛlki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kaźmierz, within Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Gaj Wielki	Poland
country	The Segal Centre for Performing Arts, formerly the Saidye Bronfman Centre for the Arts, is a theatre in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Segal Centre for Performing Arts	Canada
country	Kiçan (also, Kich’an) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan, which is occupied by separatist and unrecognized Nagorno-Karabakh Republic.	Kiçan	Azerbaijan
country	Lakelse Lake Wetlands Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located near the city of Terrace in that province's Skeena Country.	Lakelse Lake Wetlands Provincial Park	Canada
country	Rahmatabad-e Kataki (Persian: رحمت ابادكتكي‎, also Romanized as Raḩmatābād-e Katakī) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Rahmatabad-e Kataki	Iran
country	Tallinn Zoo is a zoo in Tallinn, Estonia, that was founded in 1939.	Tallinn Zoo	Estonia
country	In 1938, Dr. Chuni Lal Katial was elected mayor of Finsbury, making him the first Asian mayor in the United Kingdom.	Finsbury	United Kingdom
country	Lake Pyaozero (Russian: Пяозеро, Finnish: Pääjärvi) is a large freshwater lake in the Republic of Karelia, northwestern part of Russia.	Lake Pyaozero	Russia
country	Dayeh Sheykhi (Persian: دايه شيخي‎, also Romanized as Dāyeh Sheykhī) is a village in Lahijan-e Sharqi Rural District, Lajan District, Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dayeh Sheykhi	Iran
country	Crossrail Benelux is a Belgian rail freight company, a subsidiary of Crossrail AG; operating in Belgium.	Crossrail Benelux	Belgium
country	Basteh Deym (Persian: بسته ديم‎, also Romanized as Basteh Dīm; also known as Basadim) is a village in Nowsher-e Koshk-e Bijar Rural District, Khoshk-e Bijar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Basteh Deym	Iran
country	Ildırı is a picturesque sea-side village on the Aegean Sea coast belonging to the administrative district of Çeşme in Turkey's İzmir Province and located about twenty-five kilometers north of Çeşme town, facing Chios.	Ildır	Turkey
country	Lerderderg State Park (incorporating the former Pyrete State Forest) is a 14,250 hectare park located between Bacchus Marsh and Blackwood, an hour's drive from Melbourne, Australia.	Lerderderg State Park	Australia
country	Khanomi (Persian: خانمي‎, also Romanized as Khānomī) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Khanomi	Iran
country	Freilassing (German pronunciation: (fʁaɪˈlasɪŋ)) is a municipality of some 16,000 inhabitants in the southeastern corner of Bavaria, Germany.	Freilassing	Germany
country	Nimrudi (Persian: نيمرودي‎, also Romanized as Nīmrūdī) is a village in Javaran Rural District, Hanza District, Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Nimrudi	Iran
country	Lindis Pass (elevation 971 m) is located in the South Island of New Zealand.	Lindis Pass	New Zealand
country	Atlasov Island, known in Russian as Ostrov Atlasova (Остров Атласова), or in Japanese as Araido (阿頼度島), is the northernmost island and volcano and also the highest volcano of the Kuril islands, part of the Sakhalin Oblast in Russia.	Atlasov Island	Russia
country	Gangsås or Gansås is a part of the city of Harstad in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county, Norway.	Gangsås	Norway
country	Jubb al-Jarrah (Arabic: جب الجراح‎, also spelled Jeb al-Jarah) is a village in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate.	Jubb al-Jarrah	Syria
country	The Universidad Católica Santa María La Antigua (USMA), is a private university in Panama City, Panama.	Universidad Católica Santa María La Antigua	Panama
country	The Königssee bobsleigh, luge, and skeleton track is a venue for bobsleigh, luge and skeleton located in Schönau am Königsee, Germany.	Königssee bobsleigh, luge, and skeleton track	Germany
country	Waldronville is a coastal settlement on the Pacific Ocean coast of the South Island of New Zealand.	Waldronville	New Zealand
country	Nejanilini Lake Airport, (ICAO: CYNN), is located adjacent to Nejanilini Lake, Manitoba, Canada and serves ``The Lodge at Little Duck'' (formerly known as ``Nejanilini Lake Lodge'').	Nejanilini Lake Airport	Canada
country	Rákoscsaba is a former town in Hungary now part of District XVII of Budapest.	Rákoscsaba	Hungary
country	Khemisti is a town and commune in Tissemsilt Province in northern Algeria.	Khemisti	Algeria
country	The Yerevan History Museum (Armenian: Երևանի Պատմության Թանգարան (Yerevani Patmut'yan T'angaran)) is the history museum of Yerevan, the capital city of Armenia.	Yerevan History Museum	Armenia
country	İnegöl is a city (center of the İnegöl district) in the Bursa Province of Turkey.	İnegöl	Turkey
country	Gostivar (Macedonian: Гостивар (ˈɡɔstivar); Albanian: Gostivar/Gostivari), is a city in the Republic of Macedonia, located in the upper Polog valley region.	Gostivar	Macedonia
country	The Lugomir (Serbian Cyrillic: Лугомир) is a river in central Serbia, a 57 km-long right tributary to the Velika Morava river.	Lugomir	Serbia
country	The Shark Bay Marine Park is protected marine park located within the UNESCO World Heritage--listed Shark Bay, in the Gascoyne region of Western Australia.	Shark Bay Marine Park	Australia
country	Silver Star Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located northeast of the city of Vernon in the Monashee Mountains.	Silver Star Provincial Park	Canada
country	Brdice pri Kožbani (pronounced (ˈbəɾditsɛ pɾi kɔˈʒbaːni)) is a small settlement northeast of Kožbana in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Brdice pri Kožbani	Slovenia
country	Qeshlaq-e Qiyujik (Persian: قشلاق قيوجيك‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Qīyūjīk; also known as Qeshlāq-e Qūyūjāq, Qīyūjīk, and Shūr Qū’ī) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Qiyujik	Iran
country	The Netherlands Antillean guilder (Dutch: gulden) is currently the currency of Curaçao and Sint Maarten which until 2010 formed the Netherlands Antilles along with Bonaire, Saba and Sint Eustatius.	Netherlands Antillean guilder	Netherlands Antilles
country	The Mėkla is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality, Kaunas County, central Lithuania.	Mėkla	Lithuania
country	In 1835 the Upper Canada Academy was established in Cobourg by Egerton Ryerson and the Wesleyan Conference of Bishops.	Cobourg	Canada
country	Apia is the capital and the largest city of Samoa.	Apia	Samoa
country	Tolminske Ravne (pronounced (tɔlˈmiːnskɛ ˈɾaːu̯nɛ)) is a small settlement high in the hills northeast of Tolmin in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Tolminske Ravne	Slovenia
country	General Antonio Elizalde Canton or Bucay Canton is a canton of Ecuador, located in the Guayas Province.	General Antonio Elizalde Canton	Ecuador
country	Donji Lapac (Serbian Cyrillic: Доњи Лапац) is a village and a municipality in Lika, Croatia.	Donji Lapac	Croatia
country	Visakhapatnam Port is one of 13 major ports in India and the only major port of Andhra Pradesh.	Visakhapatnam Port	India
country	Ånderdalen National Park (Norwegian: Ånderdalen nasjonalpark) is located on the large island of Senja in Troms county, Norway.	Ånderdalen National Park	Norway
country	Dopiewo (dɔˈpjɛvɔ) (German: Wanenfeld) is a village in Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Dopiewo	Poland
country	Fraile Muerto is a town in the Cerro Largo Department of eastern Uruguay.	Fraile Muerto	Uruguay
country	Visbretinden is a mountain in Oppland in the mountain range Jotunheimen, southern Norway.	Visbretinden	Norway
country	Cape Mesurado, also called Cape Montserrado, is a headland on the coast of Liberia near the capital Monrovia and the mouth of the Saint Paul River.	Cape Mesurado	Liberia
country	Sonkhed is a village in Loha taluka of Nanded district in Maharashtra state of India.	Sonkhed	India
country	Stanytsia Luhanska (Ukrainian: Станиця Луганська) is an urban-type settlement on the banks of the Seversky Donets River in Luhansk Oblast in eastern Ukraine.	Stanytsia Luhanska	Ukraine
country	Izki (Arabic: إزكي‎) is a town in the region Ad Dakhiliyah, in northeastern Oman.	Izki	Oman
country	The State Library of Tasmania is the main library of the library system in the state of Tasmania, Australia.	State Library of Tasmania	Australia
country	Faßberg Air Base (German: 'Heeresflugplatz Faßberg') (ICAO: ETHS) is located 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) northeast of the municipality of Faßberg, Lower Saxony, Germany.	Faßberg Air Base	Germany
country	Sderot (Hebrew: שְׂדֵרוֹת, Hebrew pronunciation: (sdeˈʁot), meaning: Boulevards) is a western Negev city and former development town in the Southern District of Israel.	Sderot	Israel
country	Yarrow Stadium is situated in the central suburb of Westown in New Plymouth, Taranaki, New Zealand, with main vehicle access off Maratahu Street.	Yarrow Stadium	New Zealand
country	Vallamkulam is a small town located in Tiruvalla Taluk of Pathanamthitta district, Kerala state, India.	Vallamkulam	India
country	Pojatno is a census-designated naselje (settlement) in the town of Zaprešić in Zagreb County, Croatia.	Pojatno	Croatia
country	Studeno (pronounced (stuˈdeːnɔ) or (stuˈdɛːnɔ)) is a village in the hills north of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Studeno	Slovenia
country	The Catimbau Valley or Vale do Catimbau in Portuguese, Brazil's second largest archeological site, is located in Buíque.	Buíque	Brazil
country	The Eleutherna Bridge is an ancient Greek corbel arch bridge near the Cretan town of Eleutherna, Greece.	Eleutherna Bridge	Greece
country	Zoukougbeu (also known as Daoungbé) is a town in west-central Ivory Coast.	Zoukougbeu	Ivory Coast
country	Pan Bazaar (Assamese: পানবজাৰ), is an locality in Guwahati, India surrounded by localities of Paltan Bazaar, Ambari and Fancy Bazaar.	Pan Bazaar	India
country	Vir pri Stični (pronounced (ˈʋiːɾ pɾi ˈstiːtʃni)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Vir pri Stični	Slovenia
country	Busan Presbyterian University, also known as Busan Jangsin University, is a private Christian university in Gimhae City, South Gyeongsang province, in southeastern South Korea.	Busan Presbyterian University	South Korea
country	École secondaire Toronto Ouest is a public French-language high school in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	École secondaire Toronto Ouest	Canada
country	Dve Mogili (Bulgarian: Две могили, pronounced (ˈdvɛ muˈɡili)) is a town in northeastern Bulgaria, part of Ruse Province.	Dve Mogili	Bulgaria
country	Fylkir is an athletic club in Árbær, in the eastern part of Reykjavík, the capital of Iceland.	Fylkir	Iceland
country	Tazarene was an ancient town of Drangiana in southwest Afghanistan.	Tazarene	Afghanistan
country	Drauffelt railway station (Luxembourgish: Gare Draufelt, French: Gare de Drauffelt, German: Bahnhof Drauffelt) is a railway station serving the village of Drauffelt, in the commune of Munshausen, in northern Luxembourg.	Drauffelt railway station	Luxembourg
country	Østre Porsgrunn Church (full name: Jesu Kirke i Østre Porsgrunn, also called Østsiden Church) was a church in the Rococo style built in 1760 and located in the city of Porsgrunn in Telemark, Norway.	Østre Porsgrunn Church	Norway
country	The National Sports Museum is a museum dedicated to Australian sport and is located within the Melbourne Cricket Ground in Melbourne, Australia.	National Sports Museum	Australia
country	V.R.S College of Engineering and Technology (Tamil: வி.ஆர்.எஸ். பொறியியல் மற்றும் தொழில்நுட்ப கல்லூரி) is an Engineering college in Ulundurpet, Viluppuram, Tamil Nadu, India.	V.R.S College of Engineering and Technology	India
country	Kankainen Manor (Finnish: Kankaisten kartano, Swedish: Kankas gård) is a late medieval manor in Masku, Finland, located along a small river about one kilometre south of Masku town centre.	Kankainen Manor	Finland
country	Bedia Cathedral (Georgian: ბედიის მონასტერი) is a medieval Georgian Orthodox cathedral located in Bedia, in the Tkvarcheli district of Abkhazia (or Ochamchire Municipality according to the Georgia's subdivision), a disputed region on the Black Sea coast.	Bedia Cathedral	Georgia
country	Panch Prayag (Sanskrit: पंच-प्रयाग) is an expression in Hindu religious ethos, specifically used to connote the five sacred river confluences in the Garhwal Himalayas in the state of Uttarakhand, India.	Panch Prayag	India
country	Aravakurichi (also spelt as Aravakurichi) is a panchayat town and a Taluk headquarters in Karur district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Aravakurichi	India
country	Ornontowice (ɔrnɔntɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in Mikołów County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Ornontowice	Poland
country	Wrangel Palace (Swedish: Wrangelska palatset) is a townhouse mansion on Riddarholmen islet in Gamla Stan, the old town of Stockholm, in Sweden.	Wrangel Palace	Sweden
country	Fizagat or Hyatabad is a popular hill station located in Swat Valley of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.	Fizagat	Pakistan
country	The Canadian Centre for Architecture (CCA) (French: Centre canadien d'architecture) is a museum of architecture and research centre in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Canadian Centre for Architecture	Canada
country	Jhabua was the capital of a princely state of the British Raj's Central India, in the Bhopawar agency.	Jhabua	India
country	Storo Storsenter is a shopping centre at Storo in Oslo, Norway.	Storo Storsenter	Norway
country	Aranuka is an atoll of Kiribati, located just north of the equator, in the Gilbert Islands.	Aranuka	Kiribati
country	Humboldt Falls is a waterfall located in the Hollyford Valley in the Fiordland district of New Zealand.	Humboldt Falls	New Zealand
country	K'illi K'illi (Quechua k'illi American kestrel (Falco sparverius) / fringe, the reduplication indicates that there is a group or a complex of something, Aymara k'illi k'illi a certain bird of prey, a little smaller than a hawk, also spelled Killi Killi) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia.	K'illi K'illi	Bolivia
country	Cape du Couedic is a headland located on the south west tip of Kangaroo Island in South Australia.	Cape du Couedic	Australia
country	Baroševac (Serbian: Барошевац) is a village situated in Lazarevac municipality in Serbia.	Baroševac	Serbia
country	The Dookoła Mazowsza (Around Mazovia) is a cycling race held annually in Mazovia, Poland.	Dookoła Mazowsza	Poland
country	Windberg Abbey (Kloster Windberg) is a Premonstratensian monastery in Windberg in Lower Bavaria, Germany.	Windberg Abbey	Germany
country	Palakkulam is a place in Moodadi village and 4km away from Koyilandy in Kozhikode district of Kerala State of south India.	Palakkulam	India
country	Quán Thánh Temple (Vietnamese: Đền Quán Thánh), formerly known as Trấn Vũ Temple (Hán Việt: Trấn Vũ Quan, Hán tự: 真武觀), is a Taoist temple in Hanoi, Vietnam.	Quán Thánh Temple	Vietnam
country	Kresna (Bulgarian: Кресна) is a town and the seat of Kresna Municipality in Blagoevgrad Province in Bulgaria.	Kresna	Bulgaria
country	Fanai (Persian: فنايي‎, also Romanized as Fanā'ī) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District, in the Central District of Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Fanai	Iran
country	Jeumont is a commune lying on the Belgian border, located in the Nord department in northern France.	Jeumont	France
country	Sherzad شیرزاد is the district center of Sherzad District in the west of Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan.	Sherzad	Afghanistan
country	Tajenko (taˈjɛŋkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bargłów Kościelny, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Tajenko	Poland
country	KunstTour is a yearly art festival in Maastricht, Netherlands.	KunstTour	Netherlands
country	Karibib is a town in the Erongo Region of western Namibia.	Karibib	Namibia
country	Porto Koufo (Greek: Πόρτο Κουφό) is the largest natural harbour in Greece (in depth).	Porto Koufo	Greece
country	Providenciales International Airport (IATA: PLS, ICAO: MBPV), on the island of Providenciales in the Caicos Islands, is the main international airport serving the Turks and Caicos Islands, a British Overseas Territory of the United Kingdom.	Providenciales International Airport	Turks and Caicos Islands
country	National Chung Hsing University (NCHU; Chinese: 國立中興大學), colloquially known in Chinese as Xingda (興大, Xīngdà),is a research-led comprehensive university in South District, Taichung, Taiwan.	National Chung Hsing University	Taiwan
country	Ghovil (Persian: غويل‎, also Romanized as Ghovīl; also known as Qovīl-e Bālā) is a village in Chah Salem Rural District, in the Central District of Omidiyeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ghovil	Iran
country	Đồng Xâm is a traditional silver-carving village in Thái Bình Province, Vietnam.	Đồng Xâm	Vietnam
country	Deh-e Dabbagh (Persian: ده دباغ‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Dabbāgh) is a village in Khatunabad Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Dabbagh	Iran
country	Carbet Falls (French: Les chutes du Carbet) is a series of waterfalls on the Carbet River in Guadeloupe, an overseas department of France located in the Leeward Islands of the eastern Caribbean region.	Carbet Falls	France
country	Poznikovo (German: Posnikou) is a settlement on a small hill at the southern end of the Mišja dolina valley southwest of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia.	Poznikovo	Slovenia
country	Kaingaroa Forest is the largest forest in the North Island of New Zealand, and the largest plantation in the southern hemisphere.	Kaingaroa Forest	New Zealand
country	Together for Šumadija (Serbian: Заједно за Шумадијy / Zajedno za Šumadiju) was a political party in Serbia.	Together for Šumadija	Serbia
country	Khorramdasht District (Persian: بخش خرمدشت‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Khorramdasht District	Iran
country	The city of Cobán is the capital of the department of Alta Verapaz in central Guatemala.	Cobán	Guatemala
country	Ústí nad Orlicí District (Czech: Okres Ústí nad Orlicí) is a district (okres) within Pardubice Region (Pardubický kraj) of the Czech Republic.	Ústí nad Orlicí District	Czech Republic
country	Tampere Exhibition and Sports Centre (Finnish: Tampereen Messu- ja Urheilukeskus) is an indoor venue in Tampere, Finland.	Tampere Exhibition and Sports Centre	Finland
country	Gadhinglaj is a city in the Kolhapur district in the southwestern corner of Maharashtra, India.	Gadhinglaj	India
country	The Ferndene State Reserve is a state reserve in the Dial Range of northwest Tasmania, Australia.	Ferndene State Reserve	Australia
country	Hatun Rit'iyuq (Quechua hatun big, rit'i snow, -yuq a suffix to indicate ownership ``the big one with snow'', hispanicized spelling Jatunrritioc) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,000 metres (16,404 ft) high.	Hatun Rit'iyuq	Peru
country	Zeitan (Hebrew: זֵיתָן, Arabic: زيتان‎) is a moshav in central Israel.	Zeitan	Israel
country	La Cotte de St Brelade is a Paleolithic site of early habitation in St Brelade, Jersey.	La Cotte de St Brelade	Jersey
country	At the peak of production in the 1930s, Taltal had a population of over 30,000 and was the third largest nitrate port in Chile.	Taltal	Chile
country	Podsadek (pɔtˈsadɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziszów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Podsadek	Poland
country	Caramoan Peninsula is a hilly peninsula in north-east Camarines Sur, Bicol, Philippines with deep gorges and a rough, rocky terrain.	Caramoan Peninsula	Philippines
country	Égaules is a small hamlet annexed to Volvic in Puy-de-Dôme département, in Auvergne, France.	Égaules	France
country	Strachocina (straxɔˈt͡ɕina) (Ukrainian: Страхотина, Strakhotyna) village in Subcarpathian Voivodeship, the southeastern part of Poland.	Strachocina	Poland
country	Brezovica pri Dobu (pronounced (ˈbɾeːzɔʋitsa pɾi ˈdoːbu); German: Bresowitz) is a settlement in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Brezovica pri Dobu	Slovenia
country	Koblenz Fortress was part of a Prussian fortress system near the city of Koblenz in Germany which consisted of the city fortifications of Koblenz and Ehrenbreitstein and exterior supporting constructions such as entrenchments and forts.	Koblenz Fortress	Germany
country	The Yangon Workers' Hospital (Burmese: အလုပ်သမား ဆေးရုံကြီး (ရန်ကုန်)) is a public hospital in Yangon, Myanmar.	Yangon Workers' Hospital	Myanmar
country	In conjunction with International Car-Free Day 2008 Mr. Something Something presented Canada's first bicycle powered concerts at the Evergreen Brickworks in Toronto's Don Valley and outside infamous bike thief Igor Kenk's defunct bicycle shop.	Mr. Something Something	Canada
country	Sukošan (San Cassiano in Italian) is a village in Dalmatia, Croatia, with 4,402 inhabitants, the majority which are Croats.	Sukošan	Croatia
country	Thuvarankurichi (also spelt Tovarankurichchi) is a town in Tiruchirappalli district of Tamil Nadu, India.	Thuvarankurichi	India
country	Buhera South is a constituency in the Eastern province of Manicaland, Zimbabwe.	Buhera South	Zimbabwe
country	The Catholic University of the West (UCO; French: Université catholique de l'Ouest), known colloquially to its students as ``la Catho'', is a private and prestigious university located in Angers, France.	Catholic University of the West	France
country	The Bad Heart River is a short river in northern Alberta, Canada.	Bad Heart River	Canada
country	Slottsskogen (English: Castle Forest) is a 137 hectares large park located in central Gothenburg, Sweden.	Slottsskogen	Sweden
country	The Gran Casino del Sardinero is a leading gambling casino in the city of Santander in the autonomous community of Cantabria (Spain).	Gran Casino del Sardinero	Spain
country	The Flaminio Obelisk (Italian: Obelisco Flaminio) is one of the thirteen ancient obelisks in Rome, Italy.	Flaminio Obelisk	Italy
country	350 St Kilda Road, currently known as St. James Apartments, is a 120 m high apartment building on St Kilda Road in Melbourne, Australia.	350 St Kilda Road	Australia
country	Chiliques is a stratovolcano located in the Antofagasta Region of Chile, immediately north of Cerro Miscanti.	Chiliques	Chile
country	Writers Guild of Alberta (WGA) was founded in 1980 as a community organization for writers based in Alberta, Canada.	Writers Guild of Alberta	Canada
country	Kjerringøy Church (Norwegian: Kjerringøy kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county, Norway.	Kjerringøy Church	Norway
country	Patio Island is a small island of Papua New Guinea, located to the southeast of New Hanover Island, to the northwest of New Ireland.	Patio Island	Papua New Guinea
country	Qadirpur gas field is one of the major gas reserves of Pakistan.	Qadirpur gas field	Pakistan
country	Tarnöyüt (Armenian: Տարնոյութ, also Tarnaut and Tərnöyüt) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Tarnöyüt	Azerbaijan
country	The Chilkoot Trail is a 33-mile (53 km) trail through the Coast Mountains that leads from Dyea, Alaska, in the United States, to Bennett, British Columbia, in Canada.	Chilkoot Trail	Canada
country	Sidvokodvo is a town in central Swaziland, situated south of Manzini.	Sidvokodvo	Swaziland
country	Esztergom (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈɛstɛrɡom) listen , also known by alternative names), is a city in northern Hungary, 46 kilometres (29 miles) northwest of the capital Budapest.	Esztergom	Hungary
country	The Canadian Forum was a left-wing literary, cultural and political publication and Canada's longest running continually published political magazine (1920-2000).	Canadian Forum	Canada
country	Kamer-Kollezhsky Val (Камер-Коллежский Вал, lit. Kamer Collegium Rampart) is a ring of streets around the center of Moscow, Russia.	Kamer-Kollezhsky Val	Russia
country	The Ethnographic Museum of Dairy is a museum in the village of La Foz, Morcín, Asturias, Spain.	Ethnographic Museum of Dairy	Spain
country	Eastern Uusimaa (Finnish: Itä-Uusimaa; Swedish: Östra Nyland) was a region in Finland, until it was consolidated with the region of Uusimaa on January 1, 2011.	Eastern Uusimaa	Finland
country	Fogarty's Cove Music is based in Dundas, Ontario, Canada.	Fogarty's Cove Music	Canada
country	Ndejje University is a private, multi-campus, Christian university in Uganda, the third-largest economy in the East African Community.	Ndejje University	Uganda
country	Mokil, or known to the locals as Mwoakilloa is an atoll and one of 6 outer-island municipalities in the state of Pohnpei, Federated States of Micronesia.	Mokil	Federated States of Micronesia
country	Mehrshani (Persian: مهرنشاني‎, also Romanized as Mehrshānī; also known as Mehr Shāhī) is a village in Takab-e Kuhmish Rural District, Sheshtomad District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mehrshani	Iran
country	Rakitnik (pronounced (ɾaˈkiːtnik); Italian: Rachiteni) is a village settlement south of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Rakitnik	Slovenia
country	Oczkowice (ɔt͡ʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miejska Górka, within Rawicz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Oczkowice	Poland
country	Ano Pedina (Greek: Άνω Πεδινά, before 1928: Άνω Σουδενά - Ano Soudena ) is one of the villages in Central Zagori in the Ioannina regional unit, northwestern Greece.	Ano Pedina	Greece
country	Nyaungdon (Burmese: ညောင်တုန်းမြို့ (ɲàʊɴdóʊɴ mjo̰)) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Region of south-west Myanmar.	Nyaungdon	Myanmar
country	Basht (Persian: باشت‎; also Romanized as Bāsht) is a city in and the capital of Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Basht	Iran
country	Haut Atlas Oriental National Park (French: Parc National du Haut Atlas Oriental) is located in Morocco.	Haut Atlas Oriental National Park	Morocco
country	Stenløse station is a station on the Frederikssund radial of the S-train network in around Copenhagen, Denmark.	Stenløse station	Denmark
country	The Amman Citadel is a historical site at the center of downtown Amman, Jordan.	Amman Citadel	Jordan
country	Temixco is 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) from Cuernavaca and 85 kilometres (53 mi) from Mexico City.	Temixco	Mexico
country	Vandarbon (Persian: ونداربن‎, also Romanized as Vandārbon) is a village in Kelardasht-e Gharbi Rural District, Kelardasht District, Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Vandarbon	Iran
country	XEOC-AM (branded as Radio Chapultepec) is a radio station owned by Grupo Radio Digital in Mexico City.	XEOC-AM	Mexico
country	The Basra International Hotel (Arabic: فندق البصرة الدولي‎) is a hotel in Basrah, Iraq located on Shatt al-Arab bank in Al Ashar District, Basrah.	Basra International Hotel	Iraq
country	Corselitze, or Korselitse, is a manor house on the island of Falster in the south-east of Denmark.	Corselitze	Denmark
country	Jharkhand People's Party, is a political party in India.	Jharkhand People's Party	India
country	Weston Road is a north-south street in west end Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Weston Road	Canada
country	Qaanaaq (IPA: (qɑːnɑːq)), formerly Thule or New Thule, is the main town in the northern part of the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Qaanaaq	Greenland
country	Boranıkənd (also, Boranykend) is a village and municipality in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Boranıkənd	Azerbaijan
country	Greater Cairo (Arabic: القاهرة الكبرى‎ al-qāhira al-kubrā) is the largest metropolitan area in Egypt and the largest urban area in Africa.	Greater Cairo	Egypt
country	The Church of Saint Simeon Stylites (Arabic: كنيسة مار سمعان العمودي‎ Kanīsat Mār Simʿān al-ʿAmūdī) is a historical building located about 30 km (19 mi) northwest of Aleppo, Syria.	Church of Saint Simeon Stylites	Syria
country	The Layer Pyramid (known locally in Arabic as il-haram il-midawwar, Arabic: الهرم المدور‎, meaning 'rubble-hill pyramid') is a ruined step pyramid dating to the 3rd Dynasty of Egypt (2686 BC to 2613 BC) and located in the necropolis of Zawyet el'Aryan.	Layer Pyramid	Egypt
country	Deh Gerdian (Persian: ده گرديان‎, also Romanized as Deh Gerdīān; also known as Deh-e Gerdyān Rownaq) is a village in Hombarat Rural District, in the Central District of Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Deh Gerdian	Iran
country	Omanjor is an area in the Ga West Constituency of Ghana.	Omanjor	Ghana
country	The Burrard Peninsula is a peninsula in the Lower Mainland region of southwestern British Columbia, Canada, lying between Burrard Inlet to the north and the Fraser River to the south, and bounded by Georgia Strait on the west and the Pitt River on the east.	Burrard Peninsula	Canada
country	Pibor, also called Pibor Post, is a town in South Sudan.	Pibor	South Sudan
country	Berayjan (Persian: برايجان‎, also Romanized as Berāyjān and Barāyjān; also known as Barāi Jūn) is a village in Aliabad Rural District, Khafr District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Berayjan	Iran
country	The Tampere Workers' Theatre (Finnish: Tampereen Työväen Teatteri) or the TTT-Theatre is one of the two main active theatres in Tampere, Finland, along with the Tampere Theatre (Finnish: Tampereen Teatteri).	Tampere Workers' Theatre	Finland
country	Bid Harakat (Persian: بيدحركت‎, also Romanized as Bīd Ḩarakat) is a village in Hamaijan Rural District, Hamaijan District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bid Harakat	Iran
country	The Seimas of the Republic of Lithuania (Lithuanian: Lietuvos Respublikos Seimas), or simply the Seimas (pronounced: (sæ̠iˑmɐs)), is the unicameral parliament of Lithuania.	Seimas	Lithuania
country	Dolná Krupá (German: Unterkrupa, Hungarian: Alsókorompa) is a village and municipality of Trnava District in the Trnava region of Slovakia.	Dolná Krupá	Slovakia
country	Yuraq Salla (Quechua yuraq white, salla large cliff of gravel, ``white cliff of gravel'', hispanicized spelling Yurac Salla) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,000 metres (16,404 ft) high.	Yuraq Salla	Peru
country	The Rural City of Mildura is a local government area in Victoria, Australia, located in the north-western part of the state.	Rural City of Mildura	Australia
country	Weitra (Czech: Vitoraz) is a small town in the district of Gmünd in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.	Weitra	Austria
country	École Carrefour de l'Acadie is a Francophone middle school located in Dieppe, New Brunswick, Canada.	École Carrefour de l'Acadie	Canada
country	Wewak Airport, also known as Boram Airport, is an airport in Wewak, Papua New Guinea.	Wewak Airport	Papua New Guinea
country	Satharam is a small village located in Mallapur Mandal, Karimnagar District, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Satharam	India
country	The Thomists is a 21-piece big band based at St. Thomas University in Fredericton, New Brunswick, Canada.	The Thomists	Canada
country	Bejsce (ˈbɛi̯st͡sɛ) is a village in Kazimierza County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Bejsce	Poland
country	The Bolshaya Laba River (Russian: Большая Лаба; Adyghe: Лабэшхуэ, Labešxwe), or Great Laba River, is a 133-kilometer (83 mi) long river in the Karachay-Cherkess Republic, Russia.	Bolshaya Laba River	Russia
country	The Optare Solo is a low-floor midibus manufactured by Optare in the United Kingdom since 1997.	Optare Solo	United Kingdom
country	Qaraman (also, Karaman) is a village and municipality in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qaraman	Azerbaijan
country	Ålvundeid Church (Norwegian: Ålvundeid kirke) is a parish church in Sunndal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Ålvundeid Church	Norway
country	Saint-Vidal is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.	Saint-Vidal	France
country	Ygatimí is a town founded in 1715 in the Canendiyú department of Paraguay.	Ygatimí	Paraguay
country	Powałczyn (pɔˈvau̯t͡ʂɨn) (German: Powalczin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Powałczyn	Poland
country	Rgielew (ˈrɡʲɛlɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Rgielew	Poland
country	Vaše (pronounced (ˈʋaːʃɛ)) is a settlement on the right bank of the Sora River just before its confluence with the Sava River at Medvode in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Vaše	Slovenia
country	Dihua Street (Chinese: 迪化街; pinyin: Díhuà Jiē) is a street located in the Dadaocheng area of Datong District, Taipei, Taiwan winding from the south of the district to close to the north in the old village of Dalongdong (大龍峒).	Dihua Street	Taiwan
country	Słupia Kapitulna (ˈswupja kapiˈtulna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawicz, within Rawicz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Słupia Kapitulna	Poland
country	Aarhus County or Århus County (Danish: Århus Amt) is a former county of Denmark (Danish: amt) on the Jutland peninsula.	Aarhus County	Denmark
country	Sangkari is a town in Haa District in southwestern Bhutan.	Sangkari	Bhutan
country	Hatis (Armenian: Հատիս), formerly known as Kyankyan, is a village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.	Hatis	Armenia
country	Cham Hesar (Persian: چم حصار‎, also Romanized as Cham Ḩeşār; also known as Cham Ḩeşār-e ``Olyā) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 114, in 21 families.	Cham Hesar	Iran
country	Gressoney-Saint-Jean (Walser German: Greschòney Zer Chilchu) is a town and comune in the Aosta Valley region of north-western Italy.	Gressoney-Saint-Jean	Italy
country	Saranda or Sarandë (, Agioi Saranda, ) is a town and municipality in Vlorë County, southern Albania.	Sarandë	Albania
country	Krudttårnet (Danish for ``gunpowder tower'') is a former gunpowder magazine and fortification in Frederikshavn, Denmark.	Krudttårnet	Denmark
country	Wettin Castle is a former castle that stood near the town of Wettin on the Saale river in Germany, and which is the ancestral home of the House of Wettin, the dynasty that included several royal families, including that of the current ruling families of the United Kingdom and Belgium.	Wettin Castle	Germany
country	Estadio Pocitos was a multi-use stadium in Montevideo, Uruguay, that does not exist today.	Estadio Pocitos	Uruguay
country	Tawlli Urqu (Quechua tawlli a kind of legume, urqu mountain, ``tawlli mountain'', also spelled Taulli Orcco) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 4,000 metres (13,123 ft) high.	Tawlli Urqu	Peru
country	Bun Rueang (Thai: บุญเรือง) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Chiang Khong District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Bun Rueang	Thailand
country	Porta Cavalleggeri was one of the gates of the Leonine Wall in Rome (Italy).	Porta Cavalleggeri	Italy
country	Keskastel is a commune in the northwest of the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Keskastel	France
country	Pujilí is a small town in the Cotopaxi Province of Ecuador, located ten to twenty minutes from Latacunga.	Pujilí	Ecuador
country	Col du Mont Crosin (el. 1227 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Jura Mountains in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.	Col du Mont Crosin	Switzerland
country	Smarchowice Wielkie (smarxɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów, within Namysłów County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Smarchowice Wielkie	Poland
country	Horizon College and Seminary, formerly Central Pentecostal College, and, ``Bethel Bible Institute'' is a degree-granting institution offering Christian education in Saskatoon, Canada..	Horizon College and Seminary	Canada
country	Singleton High School is a rural high school located in the Singleton, New South Wales, Australia.	Singleton High School	Australia
country	Diskit Monastery also known as Deskit Gompa or Diskit Gompa is the oldest and largest Buddhist monastery (gompa) in the Nubra Valley of Ladakh, northern India.	Diskit Monastery	India
country	Kariz Darreh (Persian: كاريزدره‎, also Romanized as Kārīz Darreh) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Musaabad Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kariz Darreh	Iran
country	Kaleke railway station (Urdu: کالیکے ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Kaleke village, Hafizabad district of Punjab province of the Pakistan.	Kaleke railway station	Pakistan
country	Ruisrock is a rock festival held annually on the island of Ruissalo in Turku, Finland.	Ruisrock	Finland
country	Port FM is a local radio station based in Timaru, New Zealand broadcasting throughout South Canterbury and the MacKenzie Country.	Port FM	New Zealand
country	Bukovska Vas (pronounced (buˈkoːu̯ska ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Bukovska vas, German: Buchdorf) is a settlement on the left bank of the Mislinja River in the Municipality of Dravograd in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia.	Bukovska Vas	Slovenia
country	Old Olden Church (Norwegian: Olden gamle kyrkje) is a historic parish church in Stryn Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Old Olden Church	Norway
country	Sławatycze-Kolonia (swavaˈtɨt͡ʂɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławatycze, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Sławatycze-Kolonia	Poland
country	The Marlborough Sounds are an extensive network of sea-drowned valleys at the north end of the South Island of New Zealand.	Marlborough Sounds	New Zealand
country	Pecixe is an island or group of islands in the Bissagos Islands, Guinea-Bissau.	Pecixe	Guinea-Bissau
country	Razuk (Persian: رزوك‎, also Romanized as Rāzūk) is a village in Shakhenat Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Razuk	Iran
country	Mount Soffeh or Kuh-e Soffeh is a mountain that is situated just south of the city of Isfahan, southeast of Mount Donbeh and south of the Zayanderud River in Iran.	Mount Soffeh	Iran
country	Lahemaa National Park is a park located on Northern Estonia, 70 kilometers east from capital Tallinn.	Lahemaa National Park	Estonia
country	Haju (Persian: حاجو‎, also Romanized as Ḩājū and Ḩājjū) is a village in Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District, Bazargan District, Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Haju	Iran
country	Darmaran-e Olya (Persian: درمران عليا‎, also Romanized as Darmarān-e ``Olyā) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District, Gahvareh District, Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 76, in 14 families.	Darmaran-e Olya	Iran
country	Poovaipalayam, also called ``Sithakkaattur'' (population approximately 700 in 2009), is a village in Dindigul district, Tamil Nadu, India which is surrounded by mountains.	Poovaipalayam	India
country	Toowong is an inner suburb of Brisbane, Australia, which is 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) west of the Brisbane CBD.	Toowong	Australia
country	Design Museum Holon is the first museum in Israel dedicated to Design.	Design Museum Holon	Israel
country	Jabbarand (Persian: جبرند‎; also known as Jabbārān) is a village in Melkari Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Jabbarand	Iran
country	The Női NB I (Hungarian: Női Nemzeti Bajnokság, for women's national championship) is the top level women's football league in Hungary.	Női NB I	Hungary
country	Vaiņode Manor (Latvian: Vaiņodes muižas pils) was a manor house in the historical region of Courland, in western Latvia.	Vaiņode Manor	Latvia
country	Hafizabad District (Urdu: ضلع حافظ آباد ‎) is located in Punjab, Pakistan.	Hafizabad District	Pakistan
country	El Atazar Dam is an arch dam built near Madrid, Spain on the Lozoya River, very close to where the Lozoya joins the Jarama.	El Atazar Dam	Spain
country	The Yusef Abad Synagogue (Persian: Kenise e Yusef Ábád کنیسه یوسف آباد‎‎, Hebrew: בית הכנסת יוסף-אבד‎) is one of the largest synagogues in Tehran, Iran.	Yusef Abad Synagogue	Iran
country	Dagda parish (Latvian: Dagdas pagasts) is an administrative unit of Dagda Municipality, Latvia.	Dagda parish	Latvia
country	The Cotahuasi Subbasin Landscape Reserve (Spanish: Reserva Paisajística Sub Cuenca del Cotahuasi) is a protected area in Peru located in the Arequipa Region, La Unión Province.	Cotahuasi Subbasin Landscape Reserve	Peru
country	Khuk Ab (Persian: خوك اب‎, also Romanized as Khūk Āb; also known as Qand Āb) is a village in Karizan Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khuk Ab	Iran
country	Pec pod Sněžkou (Czech pronunciation: (ˈpɛts ˈpotsɲɛʃkou̯); German: Petzer, Polish: Pec pod Śnieżką) is a small town at the base of the highest Czech mountain Sněžka, in the Krkonoše Mountains of the Czech Republic.	Pec pod Sněžkou	Czech Republic
country	Glenora Distillers is a distiller based in Glenville, Nova Scotia, Canada (on Cape Breton Island).	Glenora Distillers	Canada
country	Bondal is a village close to Samrala, district Ludhiana, Punjab, India.	Bondal	India
country	Rømø is now the southernmost of Denmark's Wadden Sea Islands (the previous being the small uninhabited island of Jordsand which sank in 1999).	Rømø	Denmark
country	Liszno-Kolonia (ˈliʂnɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Liszno-Kolonia	Poland
country	Bilpa Morea is a claypan in the Shire of Diamantina in the extreme southwest of Queensland, Australia.	Bilpa Morea	Australia
country	The New Puskás Ferenc Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium set to be built in Budapest, Hungary.	New Puskás Ferenc Stadium	Hungary
country	Chroślice (xrɔˈɕlit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Męcinka, within Jawor County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Chroślice	Poland
country	Wat Aranyik (Thai: วัดอรัญญิก) is a historic temple in Phitsanulok, Thailand.	Wat Aranyik	Thailand
country	Hatun P'ukru (Quechua hatun big, p'ukru hole, pit, gap in a surface, ``big hole'', hispanicized spelling Jatun Pucro) is a mountain in the Andes of southern Peru, about 5,153-metre (16,906 ft) high.	Hatun P'ukru	Peru
country	Zavrh pod Šmarno Goro (pronounced (ˈzaːʋəɾx pɔt ˈʃmaːɾnɔ ˈɡɔːɾɔ); Slovene: Zavrh pod Šmarno goro) is a settlement in the Municipality of Medvode in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Zavrh pod Šmarno Goro	Slovenia
country	The Ontario Veterinary College (OVC) is the oldest veterinary school in Canada.	Ontario Veterinary College	Canada
country	Patrick's Cove-Angels Cove is a designated place on the Cape Shore of the Avalon Peninsula of Newfoundland, Canada.	Patrick's Cove-Angels Cove	Canada
country	Rākauroa / Torrent Bay is a bay in Abel Tasman National Park, New Zealand.	Torrent Bay	New Zealand
country	Birsay, Saskatchewan is an unincorporated community in southern Saskatchewan, Canada.	Birsay, Saskatchewan	Canada
country	Karaginsky Gulf (Russian: Карагинский залив) is a large gulf in the Bering Sea off the northeastern coast of Kamchatka (Russia), which cuts 117 km deep inland.	Karaginsky Gulf	Russia
country	Khalifeh Kenar (Persian: خليفه كنار‎, also Romanized as Khalīfeh Kenār and Khalīfehkanār) is a village in Ziabar Rural District, in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Khalifeh Kenar	Iran
country	Kőbánya-Kertváros (literally ``Quarry-Garden suburb'') is a section of Budapest, Hungary, which has a largely working class population, most of whom are ethnic Hungarians.	Kőbánya-Kertváros	Hungary
country	Kandrian is the headquarters of Kandrian-Gloucester District, West New Britain Province, Papua New Guinea.	Kandrian	Papua New Guinea
country	The Monts Dore are the remnant peaks of a volcanic massif situated near the center of the Massif Central, in the Auvergne region of France.	Monts Dore	France
country	Boleszewo-Kolonia (bɔlɛˈʂɛvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Boleszewo-Kolonia	Poland
country	Obi Mehnat (Persian: آب محنت ‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Obi Mehnat	Tajikistan
country	Langå, is a railway town in central Denmark with a population of 2,869 (1 January 2014), located in Randers municipality in Region Midtjylland in Jutland.	Langå	Denmark
country	Bad Langensalza (until 1956: Langensalza) is a spa town of 17,500 inhabitants in the district of Unstrut-Hainich, Thuringia, Germany.	Bad Langensalza	Germany
country	Brzezice Pierwsze (bʐɛˈʑit͡sɛ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski, within Świdnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Brzezice Pierwsze	Poland
country	The Conservatives and Social Reformers (Italian: Conservatori e Social Riformatori), abbreviated to CSR, is a national conservative political party in Italy.	Conservatives and Social Reformers	Italy
country	Col de la Croix de Mounis (elevation 808 m (2,651 ft)) is a mountain pass in the Parc naturel régional du Haut-Languedoc in southern France.	Col de la Croix de Mounis	France
country	Pomoriany Castle (Ukrainian: Поморянський замок, Pomorians'kyi zamok, Polish: Zamek w Pomorzanach) is a ruined castle in the village of Pomoriany, Zolochiv District, Lviv Oblast, Ukraine.	Pomoriany Castle	Ukraine
country	CKTM-DT is the Ici Radio-Canada Télé owned-and-operated television station serving the Mauricie region of the Canadian province of Quebec, that is licensed to Trois-Rivières.	CKTM-DT	Canada
country	Chełm i Gdańsk-Południe (German: Stolzenberg) is in the south-central suburbs of the city of Gdańsk, Poland.	Chełm i Gdańsk-Południe	Poland
country	Bengeri is a village in Hubli City, Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka, India.	Bengeri	India
country	Bataan National Park is a protected area of the Philippines located in the mountainous interior of Bataan province in Central Luzon Region.	Bataan National Park	Philippines
country	The Kristiansand Zoo and Amusement Park (Kristiansand Dyrepark) is a Zoological garden and amusement park situated 11 km (6.8 mi) east of Kristiansand, Norway.	Kristiansand Zoo and Amusement Park	Norway
country	Kivijärvi Airfield is an airfield in Kivijärvi, Finland, about 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) northeast of Kivijärvi centre.	Kivijärvi Airfield	Finland
country	Tulun (Russian: Тулун; IPA: (tʊˈlun)) is a town in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Iya River (Angara's basin), 390 kilometers (240 mi) northwest of Irkutsk.	Tulun	Russia
country	The South Peace Centennial Museum is an open-air museum in central Alberta, Canada.	South Peace Centennial Museum	Canada
country	Marakei is one of only two islands in Kiribati that encircles its lagoon.	Marakei	Kiribati
country	The Northern Beaches is an area in the northern coastal suburbs of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia, located near the coast of the Pacific Ocean.	Northern Beaches	Australia
country	Stary Tomyśl (ˈstarɨ ˈtɔmɨɕl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Tomyśl, within Nowy Tomyśl County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Stary Tomyśl	Poland
country	Kungu is a town and capital of one of the four territories of Sud-Ubangi District, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Kungu	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Saltfjellet is a mountain area in Nordland county, Norway that separates the two regions of Helgeland and Salten.	Saltfjellet	Norway
country	Hellyer College is one of eight senior secondary (years 11-12) public education colleges in Tasmania, Australia.	Hellyer College	Australia
country	Maja e Hekurave is a mountain in the Prokletije in the country of Albania.	Maja e Hekurave	Albania
country	Rio Branco Football Club, usually known simply as Rio Branco, is a Brazilian football club based in the city of Rio Branco in the Acre state of Brazil.	Rio Branco Football Club	Brazil
country	Delabad (Persian: دل اباد‎, also Romanized as Delābād and Dilābād) is a village in Alqurat Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Delabad	Iran
country	Darreh Vazan (Persian: دره وزان‎, also Romanized as Darreh Vazān) is a village in Chehel Cheshmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Darreh Vazan	Iran
country	Gay Men's Press was a publisher of books based in London, United Kingdom.	Gay Men's Press	United Kingdom
country	Irouléguy AOC wines (Basque: Irulegi, Basque pronunciation: (iɾuˈleɡi)) come from Lower Navarre in the Northern Basque Country, France and are usually considered as part of the wine region of South West France (Sud-Ouest).	Irouléguy AOC	France
country	Club Atlético Kimberley known as Kimberley de Mar del Plata is a sports club from Mar del Plata, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.	Kimberley de Mar del Plata	Argentina
country	Føynland is a populated island in Nøtterøy municipality, Norway.	Føynland	Norway
country	Dul-e Mahi (Persian: دول ماهي‎, also Romanized as Dūl-e Māhī and Dūlmāhī) is a village in Mishan Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dul-e Mahi	Iran
country	Maly Semyachik (Russian: Малый Семячик) is a stratovolcano located in the eastern part of Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia.	Maly Semyachik	Russia
country	Johfiyeh (Arabic: جُحفية‎), also spelled Johfiyah, Juhfiyah or Juhfiyeh, is a historical and archaeological village in northern Jordan, located 80 kilometers north of the capital Amman and about 7.5 km southwest of the city Irbid.	Johfiyeh	Jordan
country	The Arrowsmith Range is a mountain range in the South Island of New Zealand.	Arrowsmith Range	New Zealand
country	The Grampians National Park (also Gariwerd), commonly referred to as The Grampians, is a national park located in the Grampians region of Victoria, Australia.	Grampians National Park	Australia
country	The Valle Peligna, also known as Conca di Sulmona, is a plateau in central Abruzzo, southern Italy, included in the province of L'Aquila.	Valle Peligna	Italy
country	The Clos de Villeneuve is a bastide, or Provençal manor house, built in the 18th century, located in the commune of Valensole in the Department of Alpes-de-Haute-Provence in France.	Clos de Villeneuve	France
country	Bela Bahadurpur is a village in Sitamarhi district of Bihar, India	Bela Bahadurpur	India
country	The Professional Regulation Commission, (Filipino: Komisyon sa Regulasyong Pampropesyon) otherwise known as the PRC, is a three-man commission attached to the office of the President of the Philippines.	Professional Regulation Commission	Philippines
country	Gold Coast United FC was a professional soccer club based on the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia.	Gold Coast United FC	Australia
country	Sakthan Thampuran Nagar (S.T Nagar) is one of the business districts of Thrissur city in Kerala state, South India.	Sakthan Thampuran Nagar	India
country	The Berlin S-Bahn is a rapid transit railway system in and around Berlin, the capital city of Germany.	Berlin S-Bahn	Germany
country	Srinivas Group of Colleges runs a host of educational institutes in and around Mangalore, Karnataka, India.	Srinivas Group of College	India
country	Nevados de Poquis is a mountain in the Andes of Chile, close to the border with Argentina.	Nevados de Poquis	Chile
country	Dew Process is an Australian independent record label, based in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia, founded and owned by Australian music industry figure, Paul Piticco.	Dew Process	Australia
country	Somosierra is a mountain pass in the Sierra de Guadarrama north of Madrid in Spain.	Somosierra	Spain
country	Flesberg stave church (Flesberg stavkirke) is a stave church located in Flesberg, Numedal in Norway.	Flesberg stave church	Norway
country	Gosan-ri (Hangul: 고산리) is an administrative division, or village, located in Onyang, Ulju County, Ulsan, South Korea.	Gosan-ri	South Korea
country	The Canadian Music Centre holds Canada's largest collection of Canadian concert music.	Canadian Music Centre	Canada
country	Les Moëres, Nord, which contains a museum of water pumps De Moeren, Veurne, Belgium	Les Moëres	Belgium
country	Kochanak (Persian: كچانك‎, also Romanized as Kochānak) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kochanak	Iran
country	Girua Airport (IATA: PNP, ICAO: AYGR) is an airport serving Popondetta, a city in the Oro (or Northern) province in Papua New Guinea.	Girua Airport	Papua New Guinea
country	The New Cities is a Juno Award and ADISQ Award nominated band originating from Trois-Rivières, Quebec, Canada and currently based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	The New Cities	Canada
country	Bikfaya (Arabic: بكفيا‎, also spelled Bickfaya, Beckfayya, or Bekfaya) is a town in the Matn District region of Mount Lebanon.	Bikfaya	Lebanon
country	Carl-Philipp-Emanuel-Bach-Straße is a street in Frankfurt (Oder), Germany.	Carl-Philipp-Emanuel-Bach-Straße	Germany
country	Kråkenes Lighthouse (Norwegian: Kråkenes fyr) is a coastal lighthouse in Vågsøy Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane, Norway.	Kråkenes Lighthouse	Norway
country	Rugir-e Hasani (Persian: روگيرحسني‎, also Romanized as Rūgīr-e Ḩasanī; also known as Rūgīr-e ''asanī) is a village in Kheyrgu Rural District, Ala-e Marvdasht District, Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.	Rugir-e Hasani	Iran
country	Velyka Vys (Ukrainian: Велика Вись) is a river in Ukraine, 346 km in length, a left tributary of the Synyukha River, the basin of Southern Bug.	Velyka Vys	Ukraine
country	Deir Mar Maroun (also known as Monastery of Mar Maroun or Cave of the monks) is an ancient cavern carved out of solid rock in the side of a cliff, located around 200 metres (660 ft) from the source of the Orontes river, south of Hermel in the Beqaa Governorate, Lebanon.	Deir Mar Maroun	Lebanon
country	Betanzos (Galician pronunciation: (beˈtanθos)) is a municipality in the autonomous community of Galicia in northwestern Spain in the province of A Coruña.	Betanzos	Spain
country	North Konawe Regency (Kabupaten Konawe Utara) is a regency of Southeast Sulawesi Province, Indonesia.	North Konawe Regency	Indonesia
country	Szarbsko (ˈʂarpskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Szarbsko	Poland
country	Male Brusnice (pronounced (ˈmaːlɛ bɾuˈsniːtsɛ)) is a settlement in the hills east of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia.	Male Brusnice	Slovenia
country	The Sint-Barbaracollege in Gent, Belgium is a private Jesuit school, founded in 1833.	Sint-Barbaracollege	Belgium
country	Collado Villalba is a municipality in the autonomous community of Madrid in central Spain.	Collado Villalba	Spain
country	The Pskem River (Russian: Пскем) or Pishkom is a river of Tashkent Region in Uzbekistan in the Pskem Mountains.	Pskem River	Uzbekistan
country	Riscle (Gascon: Riscla) is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.	Riscle	France
country	Chah-e Khoda Morad Babari (Persian: چاه خدامرادبابري‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Khodā Morād Bābarī) is a village in Chahak Rural District, in the Central District of Khatam County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Chah-e Khoda Morad Babari	Iran
country	Seh Balutan (Persian: سه بلوطان‎, also Romanized as Seh Balūṭān; also known as Seh Balīţūn) is a village in Holayjan Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Seh Balutan	Iran
country	Bolshoye Maslennikovo (Russian: Большо́е Масленниково) is a village in Tutayevsky District of Yaroslavl Oblast, Russia, located about 20 km to the west from Yaroslavl.	Bolshoye Maslennikovo	Russia
country	The Sacro Monte di Orta (literally: Sacred mountain of Orta) is a Roman Catholic devotional complex in the comune of Orta San Giulio (Piedmont, northern Italy) on the summit of a hill known as San Nicolao, which faces the western shore of Lake Orta.	Sacro Monte di Orta	Italy
country	Skrobacja (skrɔˈbat͡sja) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartniczka, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Skrobacja	Poland
country	Baraghan Rural District (Persian: دهستان برغان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Chendar District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Baraghan Rural District	Iran
country	Qanat-e Saman (Persian: قناتسامان‎, also Romanized as Qanāt-e Sāmān) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Qanat-e Saman	Iran
country	The Fazle Omar Mosque in Hamburg is the second purpose-built mosque in Germany.	Fazle Omar Mosque	Germany
country	Mooto is a village in the Democratic Republic of the Congo located in the south of the province of Équateur, the city of Mbandaka.	Mooto	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Sławno (ˈswavnɔ) (Kashubian/Pomeranian: Słôwno, German: Schlawe), is a town on the Wieprza river in Middle Pomerania region, north-western Poland, with 13,322 inhabitants (2006).	Sławno	Poland
country	Vasalemma Parish (Estonian: Vasalemma vald) is a rural municipality in north-western Estonia.	Vasalemma Parish	Estonia
country	The Fortress of the Immaculate Conception, (Spanish: El Castillo de la Inmaculada Concepción) is a fortification located on the southern bank of the Río San Juan (San Juan River), in the village of El Castillo in southern Nicaragua.	Fortress of the Immaculate Conception	Nicaragua
country	Chah-e Zakaria (Persian: چاه ذكريا‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Ẕaḵarīā) is a village in Dasht-e Jam Rural District, Bujgan District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Zakaria	Iran
country	Orosháza is a city situated in the westernmost part of Békés county, Hungary, on the Békés ridge bordered by the rivers Maros and Körös.	Orosháza	Hungary
country	The album, released solely in Canada, failed to regain Kon Kan's earlier success and Harris wound up the Kon Kan brand over the next few years.	Kon Kan	Canada
country	Sallynoggin (Irish: An Naigín) is an area of Dublin in Ireland, in Dún Laoghaire--	Sallynoggin	Ireland
country	The Florennes Castle (formerly the Château de Beaufort) in Florennes, Namur, Belgium, is a castle that dates back to the 9th century, although the most of the modern structure is much more recent.	Florennes Castle	Belgium
country	Szamocin (ʂaˈmɔt͡ɕin) (German: Samotschin, Fritzenstadt) is a city in Chodzież County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, Poland.	Szamocin	Poland
country	Mahanabad (Persian: مهان اباد‎, also Romanized as Mahānābād; also known as Mahān, Moḩammadabābād, and Moḩammadābād) is a village in Sarab Rural District, Giyan District, Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Mahanabad	Iran
country	The Municipality of Semič (Slovene: Občina Semič) is a municipality in Slovenia in the traditional region of White Carniola in southeastern Slovenia.	Municipality of Semič	Slovenia
country	Pendergardens is a development in St. Julian's, Malta, consisting of a number of apartments, retail outlets and office space.	Pendergardens	Malta
country	Gleneagles Hospital and Medical Centre (Chinese: 鹰阁医院) is a 270 bed private hospital, located at Napier Road, Singapore.	Gleneagles Hospital and Medical Centre	Singapore
country	Apaven (Armenian: Ապավեն; formerly, Sariar) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Apaven	Armenia
country	Alagir (Russian: Алаги́р; Ossetian: Алагир) is an industrial town and the administrative center of Alagirsky District in the Republic of North Ossetia-Alania, Russia, located on the west bank of the Ardon River, 54 kilometers (34 mi) west of the republic's capital Vladikavkaz.	Alagir	Russia
country	The Fogo Island League is a regional championship played in Fogo Island, Cape Verde.	Fogo Island League	Cape Verde
country	Sikkilsdalen is a valley in Nord-Fron municipality, Oppland county in the eastern part of Jotunheimen, Norway.	Sikkilsdalen	Norway
country	The Department of Fire and Emergency Services (DFES) is a Western Australian government department that is responsible for fire and emergency services in Western Australia.	Department of Fire and Emergency Services	Australia
country	Sliač Airport (IATA: SLD, ICAO: LZSL) or, historically, Letisko Tri Duby (literally, ``The Three Oaks Airport'') is an international airport in central Slovakia situated between the towns of Zvolen and Banská Bystrica and near the spa town of Sliač.	Sliač Airport	Slovakia
country	Deh-e Bozi (Persian: ده بزي‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Bozī) is a village in Qorqori Rural District, Qorqori District, Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Deh-e Bozi	Iran
country	According to the 2001 United Kingdom Census, Long Stratton CP is home to 3,701 people, who reside in a total of 1,598 dwellings, and have a mean age of 38.63.	Long Stratton	United Kingdom
country	Kolonia-Gródź (kɔˈlɔɲa ˈɡrut͡ɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kolonia-Gródź	Poland
country	Kalachinsk (Russian: Кала́чинск) is a town in Omsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Om River along the busiest segment of the Trans-Siberian Railway, 100 kilometers (62 mi) east of Omsk, the administrative center of the oblast.	Kalachinsk	Russia
country	Khamaneh (Persian: خامنه‎; also Romanized as Khāmeneh, Khamaneh, and Khāmneh; also known as Khumla and Khumna) is a city in the Central District of Shabestar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khamaneh	Iran
country	Dobitschen is a municipality in the Altenburger Land district, in the far eastern part of Thuringia, Germany.	Dobitschen	Germany
country	The Oneida Nation of the Thames is an Onyota'a:ka (Oneida) First Nations band government located in southwestern Ontario on what is commonly referred to as the ``Oneida Settlement'', located about a 30-minute drive from London, Ontario, Canada.	Oneida Nation of the Thames	Canada
country	Sukleji River is a river in Balochistan Province, in southwestern Pakistan.	Sukleji River	Pakistan
country	Karesuando (Finnish: Kaaresuvanto or Karesuvanto, Sami: Karesuanto, Gárasavvon or Karasavvon) is the northernmost locality in Sweden.	Karesuando	Sweden
country	Uyyakondan Thirumalai (also known as Karkudimalai and Thirumalainallur) is a suburb in the city of Tiruchirappalli, Tamil Nadu, India.	Uyyakondan Thirumalai	India
country	Trebarwith (Cornish: Treberveth, meaning middle/inner farm), known locally as Trebarwith Village, is a hamlet in the parish of Tintagel, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Trebarwith	United Kingdom
country	Mauza Sulemaan (Urdu: موضع سلیمان‎, Punjabi: موضع سلیمان) is a village 18 km from Bhawana City, in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.	Mauza Sulemaan	Pakistan
country	Theresienfeld is a town in the Wiener Neustadt-Land district of Lower Austria, in eastern Austria.	Theresienfeld	Austria
country	Yeghipatrush (Armenian: Եղիպատրուշ, until 1945, Tanjrlu, from 1945--1992, Mravyan), is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Yeghipatrush	Armenia
country	Kalleh Chat (Persian: كله چات‎, also Romanized as Kalleh Chāt) is a village in Birk Rural District, in the Central District of Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kalleh Chat	Iran
country	Sayajigunj is an area in the western side of Vadodara City in the state of Gujarat in India.	Sayajigunj	India
country	Kalu Khan is a town adjacent to Shewa Adda and Union Council of Swabi District in the Khyber Pukhtunkhwa of Pakistan.	Kalu Khan	Pakistan
country	Hacıvəli (also, Adzhiyely) is a village in the Absheron Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Hacıvəli	Azerbaijan
country	Čegar (Serbian Cyrillic: Чегар) is a location in Serbia where the Battle of Čegar Hill took place.	Čegar	Serbia
country	Corbie Abbey is a former Benedictine monastery in Corbie, Picardy, France, dedicated to Saint Peter.	Corbie Abbey	France
country	Bayan-Önjüül (Mongolian: Баян-Өнжүүл, Rich sleepover) is a sum of Töv Province in Mongolia.	Bayan-Önjüül	Mongolia
country	Virgin Gorda is the third-largest (after Tortola and Anegada) and second most populous of the British Virgin Islands (BVI).	Virgin Gorda	British Virgin Islands
country	The Rome metropolitan area is centred on the city of Rome, the Italian capital, in Lazio, Italy.	Rome metropolitan area	Italy
country	Silbaš (Serbian Cyrillic: Силбаш) is a village located in the Bačka Palanka municipality, in the South Bačka District of Serbia.	Silbaš	Serbia
country	Nicolle Tower is a tower in the parish of St Clement in Jersey.	Nicolle Tower	Jersey
country	Sheep River Provincial Park is a provincial park located in Alberta, Canada, 23 km west of Turner Valley on highway 546.	Sheep River Provincial Park	Canada
country	Villemolaque (Catalan: Vilamulaca) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.	Villemolaque	France
country	Kisurra (modern Tell Abu Hatab, Al-Qādisiyyah Governorate, Iraq) was an ancient Sumerian city situated on the west bank of the Euphrates, 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) north of Shuruppak.	Kisurra	Iraq
country	Balasagun (Turkish: Balagasun -Balassagun, Balasaghun, Karabalsagun; Chinese: 八剌沙衮; pinyin: bālàshāgǔn, Persian: بلاساغون) was an ancient Soghdian city in modern-day Kyrgyzstan, located in the Chuy Valley between Bishkek and Issyk-Kul Lake.	Balasagun	Kyrgyzstan
country	Belgian Quidditch Federation (French: Fédération belge de quidditch; Dutch: Belgische Zwerkbalbond; German: Belgischer Quidditchverband), or BQF, is the governing body of quidditch in Belgium.	Belgian Quidditch Federation	Belgium
country	Mount Sembrano is a mountain located between Rizal and Laguna of the CALABARZON region in the Philippines.	Mount Sembrano	Philippines
country	Sidi Othmane (Arabic: سيدي عثمان ‎) is an arrondissement of southeastern Casablanca, in the Moulay Rachid district of the Grand Casablanca region of Morocco.	Sidi Othmane	Morocco
country	Girovce (Hungarian: Gerlefalva) is a village and municipality in Vranov nad Topľou District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Girovce	Slovakia
country	Mestečko (Hungarian: Lednickisfalu) is a village and municipality in Púchov District in the Trenčín Region of north-western Slovakia.	Mestečko	Slovakia
country	Tolčane (pronounced (tɔu̯ˈtʃaːnɛ)) is a small village northeast of Fužina in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Tolčane	Slovenia
country	The Pastoral Institute of Multan, Pakistan, is aimed at aiding the local church grow into a church of witness and mission.	Pastoral Institute of Multan	Pakistan
country	The 2011 S.League was the 16th season of the S.League, the top professional football league in Singapore.	2011 S.League	Singapore
country	Racławice (rat͡swaˈvit͡sɛ) is a village located in Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland.	Racławice	Poland
country	Aligider is located ten kilometers to the west of Teseney in the country of Eritrea.	Aligider	Eritrea
country	Bibinoi Hill (Indonesian: Bukit Bibinoi) is a group of volcanoes, located on Bacan island at the west side of Halmahera island, Indonesia.	Bibinoi Hill	Indonesia
country	Tasuj (Persian: تسوج‎; also Romanized as Tasūj, Tasooj, and Ţasūj; also known as Tasvīch) is a city in and the capital of Tasuj District, in Shabestar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tasuj	Iran
country	Kotsiatis (Greek: Κοτσιάτης (locally (koˈt͡ʃʰatis)); Turkish: Koçyatağı) is village located in the Nicosia District of Cyprus.	Kotsiatis	Cyprus
country	Peligrin is a village in the Anse d'Hainault municipality, in the Anse d'Hainault Arrondissement, in the Grand'Anse Department of Haiti.	Peligrin	Haiti
country	Ahlen (German pronunciation: (ˈaːlən)) is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Ahlen	Germany
country	Savenay (Savenneg in Breton) is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France and the Pays de la Loire region.	Savenay	France
country	Sece Parish (Latvian: Seces pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Aizkraukle District, Latvia.	Sece Parish	Latvia
country	Tat Ton National Park (Thai: อุทยานแห่งชาติตาดโตน) is a national park in Chaiyaphum Province, Thailand.	Tat Ton National Park	Thailand
country	The Rijeka Thermal Power Station (Croatian: Termoelektrana Rijeka, TE Rijeka, also known as TE Urinj) is an oil-fired power station east of Rijeka at Kostrena, Croatia.	Rijeka Thermal Power Station	Croatia
country	Dębno (ˈdɛmbnɔ) (German: Neudamm) is a town in Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland.	Dębno	Poland
country	Služovice (German: Schlausewitz) is a village in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.	Služovice	Czech Republic
country	Desh Bhagat Institute of Engineering and Management (DBIEM) is an institution of higher education near Moga, Punjab, northern India, and about 70km from Ludhiana.	Desh Bhagat Institute of Engineering and Management	India
country	Mont Granier (1,933m) is a limestone mountain located between the départements of Savoie and Isère in France.	Mont Granier	France
country	Ilovci (pronounced (ˈiːlɔu̯tsi)) is a small dispersed settlement in the eastern part of the Slovene Hills (Slovene: Slovenske gorice) in the Municipality of Ljutomer in northeastern Slovenia.	Ilovci	Slovenia
country	Palma Metro (Catalan: Metro de Palma, Spanish: Metro de Palma (de Mallorca)) is a light metro system in Palma, Majorca, Spain.	Palma Metro	Spain
country	The Twenty Mile Creek is a minor waterway, located in the Niagara Peninsula, Ontario, Canada.	Twenty Mile Creek	Canada
country	Amorbach Abbey (German: Kloster Amorbach) was a Benedictine monastery located at Amorbach in the district of Miltenberg in Lower Franconia in Bavaria, Germany.	Amorbach Abbey	Germany
country	Nofaliya or Nawfaliya (Arabic: النوفلية‎ Nawfalīyah) is a town in the desert in the Sirte District of Libya.	Nofaliya	Libya
country	The Viaur Viaduct (Viaduc du Viaur in French) near Aveyron, was the first large steel bridge built in France.	Viaur Viaduct	France
country	The Muak Lek River (Thai: ห้วยมวกเหล็ก, rtgs: Huai Muak Lek, Thai pronunciation: (hûɛj mûək lèk)) is a river of Thailand.	Muak Lek River	Thailand
country	Mihovo (pronounced (ˈmiːxɔʋɔ)) is a settlement in the Gorjanci Hills in the Municipality of Šentjernej in southeastern Slovenia.	Mihovo	Slovenia
country	Dondra Head Lighthouse is a lighthouse located on Dondra Head near the southernmost point in Sri Lanka and is the tallest lighthouse in Sri Lanka and also one of the tallest in South East Asia.	Dondra Head Lighthouse	Sri Lanka
country	Orišje is one of 43 villages in the municipality of Bosiljevo, Croatia.	Orišje	Croatia
country	The Beazley Medal is an award made by the Curriculum Council of Western Australia to the year-twelve secondary student with the highest Curriculum Council award score.	Beazley Medal	Australia
country	Honda Bay (Spanish: Bahía Honda, ``deep bay'') is a bay on the eastern shore of the island of Palawan near Puerto Princesa City in the southwestern Philippines.	Honda Bay	Philippines
country	Mbarara High School (MHS), is a boys-only boarding middle and high school located in the city of Mbarara, in Mbarara District in Western Uganda.	Mbarara High School	Uganda
country	Albu Shahbaz (Persian: البوشهباز‎, also Romanized as Ālbū Shahbāz) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Albu Shahbaz	Iran
country	Aldealengua is a village and municipality in the north-west of the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon although there are not a large number of people living there, some people from Madrid goes there every year in the late August and have a lot of fun.	Aldealengua	Spain
country	Pervalka (German: Perwelk) is a small settlement located on the Curonian Spit in Klaipėda County, Lithuania.	Pervalka	Lithuania
country	Cigla (Rusyn: Ціґла, Hungarian: Cigla) is a village and municipality in Svidník District in the Prešov Region of north-eastern Slovakia.	Cigla	Slovakia
country	Piardoba Airfield is an abandoned airfield in India, located 6.6 miles (10.7 km) S of Bishnupur, West Bengal, Bankura District in the state of West Bengal, India.	Piardoba Airfield	India
country	Hat Chao Mai National Park is a protected area located in the Sikao and Kantang Districts of Trang Province, Thailand.	Hat Chao Mai National Park	Thailand
country	Sithamalli (Tamil:சித்தமல்லி) is a village of Mannargudi Taluk in Tiruvarur district Tamil Nadu, India.	Sithamalli	India
country	Kielce ((ˈkʲɛlt͡sɛ) (kee-ELT-sa); Yiddish: קעלץ‎, Keltz) is a city in south central Poland with 199,475 inhabitants (June 2014).	Kielce	Poland
country	The Eerste Divisie (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈeːrstə diˈvizi); English: First Division) is the second-highest tier of football in the Netherlands.	Eerste Divisie	Netherlands
country	Katselovo (Bulgarian: Кацелово) is a village in northern Bulgaria, administered by the municipality of Dve Mogili and part of Ruse Province.	Katselovo	Bulgaria
country	Golavabuka (pronounced (ɡɔlaʋaˈbuːka)) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Slovenj Gradec in northern Slovenia.	Golavabuka	Slovenia
country	Nowogród (nɔˈvɔɡrut) is a small town in northeastern Poland located about 13 kilometres (8 miles) away from the city of Łomża, in Łomża County, in Podlaskie Voivodeship, with 1,998 inhabitants (2004).	Nowogród	Poland
country	Kalkarindji (formerly Wave Hill, also spelt Kalkiringi) is a small township in Northern Territory of Australia, located on the Buntine Highway.	Kalkarindji	Australia
country	The Tsauchab is an ephemeral stream in Namibia, in the southern Naukluft Mountains.	Tsauchab	Namibia
country	Okamule is a village in Oshakati-West constituency, in the Oshana region of Namibia.	Okamule	Namibia
country	Balvi ( pronunciation ) is a town in the Latgalia region of eastern Latvia.	Balvi	Latvia
country	Vevey (French pronunciation: ​(vəvɛ)) is a town in Switzerland in the canton Vaud, on the north shore of Lake Geneva, near Lausanne.	Vevey	Switzerland
country	St. Peter's College of Engineering and Technology (Tamil: புனித பீட்டர் பொறியியல் மற்றும் தொழில் நுட்பக்கல்லூரி) is a co-educational engineering college located in Avadi, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India.	St. Peter's College of Engineering and Technology	India
country	The Lower Galilee Regional Council (Hebrew: מועצה אזורית הגליל התחתון‎, Mo'atza Azorit HaGalil HaTahton) is a regional council in northern Israel that encompasses most of the settlements in the Lower Galilee.	Lower Galilee Regional Council	Israel
country	El Barde (Somali: Ceelbarde) is a town in the southwestern Bakool region of Somalia.	El Barde	Somalia
country	Film Nagar, also known as Tinsel Town or Tollywood, is a neighborhood in the west of Hyderabad, Telangana, India.	Film Nagar	India
country	Situated in Lombardy, Italy, the Naviglio di Bereguardo was a navigable canal, part of the Navigli system.	Naviglio di Bereguardo	Italy
country	Quiçama National Park, also known as Kissama National Park (Portuguese: Parque Nacional do Quiçama or Parque Nacional da Quissama), is a national park in northwestern Angola.	Quiçama National Park	Angola
country	The range lends its name to the Witteberg Series, the uppermost fossiliferous sequence of the Cape System of sedimentary rocks in South Africa.	Witteberg	South Africa
country	Hukawng Valley Tiger Reserve (Burmese: ဟူကောင်း ကျား ထိန်းသိမ်းရေး နယ်မြေ (hùkáʊɴ tɕá tʰéɪɴ θéɪɴ jé nɛ̀ mjè)) is a wildlife reserve located in Hukawng Valley, near Tanai in Myitkyina District of Kachin State, Burma (Myanmar).	Hukawng Valley Tiger Reserve	Myanmar
country	Furth bei Göttweig is a town and municipality in the district of Krems-Land in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.	Furth bei Göttweig	Austria
country	Givatayim (Hebrew: גִּבְעָתַיִם, lit. ``two hills''; Arabic: جفعاتايم‎) is a city in Israel east of Tel Aviv.	Givatayim	Israel
country	Colatina is the second largest city in the north of Espírito Santo, Brazil, 127 km north of the capital Vitória and on the trainline from Vitória to Minas Gerais.	Colatina	Brazil
country	Krajnë is a village in the Lezhë County, northwestern Albania.	Krajnë	Albania
country	The Cerro San Miguel is the fourth highest mountain of the Cerros de Escazú, Costa Rica 2,035 m (6,677 ft).	Cerro San Miguel	Costa Rica
country	Tzomet (Hebrew: צומת‎, lit Crossroads) was a small secular, right-wing political party in Israel.	Tzomet	Israel
country	Mariano Dámaso Beraun District is one of six districts of the province Leoncio Prado in Peru.	Mariano Dámaso Beraun District	Peru
country	The ZLM Tour is a cycling race held annually in the Netherlands.	ZLM Tour	Netherlands
country	Natabua High School is a co-educational school based in the Lautoka, Fiji.	Natabua High School	Fiji
country	Qalansiyah is a town on the main island of Socotra, Yemen.	Qalansiyah	Yemen
country	Koderi is one among the Badaga hattis, or hamlets of the Nilgiri hills, located in Tamil Nadu, India, at a distance of 15 kilometers from Coonoor and 20 kilometers from Ooty.	Koderi	India
country	Ordino (Catalan pronunciation: (urˈðinu), locally: (oɾˈðino)) is the most northerly parish in the Principality of Andorra.	Ordino	Andorra
country	Zhansugirov (Kazakh: Жансүгіров) is a settlement in Aksu District of Almaty Region of south-eastern Kazakhstan.	Zhansugirov	Kazakhstan
country	Cichawka (t͡ɕiˈxafka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapanów, within Bochnia County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Cichawka	Poland
country	The Socialist Party of Majorca (Catalan: Partit Socialista de Mallorca, PSM; IPA: (pərˈtit sosiəˈɫistə ðə məˈʎɔrcə)) is a political party in Majorca, Spain.	Socialist Party of Majorca	Spain
country	Krvava Peč (German: Blutigenstein) is a village in the hills west of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia.	Krvava Peč	Slovenia
country	Šmartno na Pohorju (pronounced (ˈʃmaːɾtnɔ na ˈpoːxɔɾju)) is a village in the Pohorje Hills in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia.	Šmartno na Pohorju	Slovenia
country	The British Army is the principal land warfare force of the United Kingdom.	British Army	United Kingdom
country	Hoa Lư (華閭) was the capital of Vietnam in the 10th and 11th centuries.	Hoa Lư	Vietnam
country	Mahvaj (Persian: مهواج‎, also Romanized as Mahvāj and Ma``vāj) is a village in Qaen Rural District, in the Central District of Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 361, in 77 families.	Mahvaj	Iran
country	Qilla Abdullah railway station (Urdu: قلعہ عبداللہ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Qilla Abdullah town, Qilla Abdullah district of Balochistan province of the Pakistan.	Qilla Abdullah railway station	Pakistan
country	Argheshabad (Persian: ارغش اباد‎, also Romanized as Argheshābād; also known as Ebrāhīmābād) is a village in Bibi Sakineh Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Argheshabad	Iran
country	Inatel is short for Instituto Nacional de Telecomunicações, the National Institute of Communications of Brazil.	Inatel	Brazil
country	Tymnikowo (tɨmniˈkɔvɔ) (German: Timnikswalde; 1938-45: Ratswalde) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mrągowo, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Tymnikowo	Poland
country	Mysore being an important location is well connected by rail to major cities in India and hence passengers can stop over at Mysore and take another train to reach Krishnarajanagara.	Krishnarajanagara	India
country	Krakda (Arabic: كراكدة) is a municipality in El Bayadh Province, Algeria.	Krakda	Algeria
country	The Opouawe River is a river of the Wairarapa, in the Wellington Region of New Zealand's North Island.	Opouawe River	New Zealand
country	Ďurďoš (Hungarian: Györgyös) is a village and municipality in Vranov nad Topľou District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Ďurďoš	Slovakia
country	Holy Child Academy, a mainly secondary school, is a Catholic academic institution run by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pagadian in Pagadian City, Republic of the Philippines.	Holy Child Academy	Philippines
country	Wola Zagrodnia (ˈvɔla zaˈɡrɔdɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chlewiska, within Szydłowiec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Zagrodnia	Poland
country	The Archipelago of San Bernardo is a set of nine coastal coral islands and one artificial island (totaling ten) belonging to and governed by Colombia, located in the Gulf of Morrosquillo in the Caribbean Sea, with an approximate area of 213.3 km² .	Archipelago of San Bernardo	Colombia
country	Branków (ˈbrankuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Branków	Poland
country	The Kempeitai East District Branch was the headquarters of the Kempeitai, the Japanese military police, during the Japanese occupation of Singapore from 1942 to 1945.	Kempeitai East District Branch	Singapore
country	Santa Park is an amusement park and visitor attraction near Rovaniemi in the Lapland region of Finland.	Santa Park	Finland
country	Farneta is a town and frazione of the comune of Montefiorino, Italy, located in the Apennines of the province of Modena.	Farneta	Italy
country	Yish'i (Hebrew: יִשְׁעִי, lit. My Salvation) is a moshav in central Israel.	Yish'i	Israel
country	Rozwalewo (rɔzvaˈlɛvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dziemiany, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rozwalewo	Poland
country	The United Labour Social Democratic Party (Obedinena rabotnicheska sotsialdemokraticheska partiya, ORSDP) was a political party in Bulgaria.	United Labour Social Democratic Party	Bulgaria
country	The Ottawa Outlaws are a professional ultimate franchise based in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Ottawa Outlaws	Canada
country	Anibare Bay is a large bay located in the Anibare District of eastern Nauru island.	Anibare Bay	Nauru
country	Kalateh-ye Luyedani (Persian: كلاته لويداني‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Lūyedānī) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Luyedani	Iran
country	The Brest Prison (French - bagne de Brest) was a 254m long prison in Brest, France.	Brest Prison	France
country	Bocianowo (bɔt͡ɕaˈnɔvɔ) (German: Buchental) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bocianowo	Poland
country	Rajon Ki Baoli also referred as Rajon ki Bain is a famous stepwell in India.	Rajon Ki Baoli	India
country	Tuy River is a river of northern Venezuela, in the Valles del Tuy region of Miranda State.	Tuy River	Venezuela
country	Beaulard is a frazione of the commune of Oulx, Province of Turin, Piedmont, Italy.	Beaulard	Italy
country	Kylstad is a village in Ringsaker municipality, Norway, 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of the urban area Brumunddal.	Kylstad	Norway
country	Estoril (Portuguese pronunciation: ((ɨ)ʃtuˈɾiɫ)) is a town and a former civil parish in the municipality of Cascais, Portugal.	Estoril	Portugal
country	The Islamic Association in Stockholm (Swedish: Islamiska Förbundet i Stockholm) is an Islamic organisation in Stockholm, Sweden.	Islamic Association in Stockholm	Sweden
country	Shorang Rang (Persian: شرانگ رنگ‎, also Romanized as Shorāng Rang; also known as Shīrang) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Dishmok District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Shorang Rang	Iran
country	Colledimacine is a comune and town in the Province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region of Italy	Colledimacine	Italy
country	The Cradock Channel is one of three channels connecting the Hauraki Gulf with the Pacific Ocean to the northeast of Auckland, New Zealand.	Cradock Channel	New Zealand
country	Havířov railway station is a train station in Havířov, Czech Republic.	Havířov railway station	Czech Republic
country	Engstlensee is a natural lake used as a reservoir in the municipality of Innertkirchen, Bernese Oberland, Switzerland.	Engstlensee	Switzerland
country	École À la Découverte is an elementary school in the Kensington community of Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	École À la Découverte	Canada
country	Khao-I-Dang Holding Center was a Cambodian refugee camp located 20 km north of Aranyaprathet in Prachinburi (now Sa Kaeo) Province of Thailand.	Khao-I-Dang	Thailand
country	Očage (Serbian Cyrillic: Очаге) is a village in Serbia.	Očage	Serbia
country	Qabodiyon (Tajik: Кубадиян, Persian: قبادیان‎‎ Qabādiyān) is a town in the Khatlon Province of Tajikistan.	Qabodiyon	Tajikistan
country	Nitsa River (Russian: Ница́) is a river in the Sverdlovsk Oblast in Russia.	Nitsa River	Russia
country	École élémentaire Les Rapides is a French first language elementary school located in Sarnia, Ontario, Canada.	École élémentaire Les Rapides	Canada
country	Mac Clark (Acacia peuce) Conservation Reserve is a conservation reserve in the Alice Springs region of the Northern Territory of Australia.	Mac Clark (Acacia peuce) Conservation Reserve	Australia
country	Kaliningrad economic region is an economic region of Russia consisting of Kaliningrad Oblast.	Kaliningrad economic region	Russia
country	Linköping University Hospital (Swedish: Universitetssjukhuset i Linköping; abbreviated US in Sweden) is a university hospital in Linköping, Sweden, operated by Östergötland County.	Linköping University Hospital	Sweden
country	Punchana is the capital of the Punchana District in the Maynas Province of the Loreto Region in northeastern Peru, in the Peruvian Amazon Jungle.	Punchana	Peru
country	The Baghdad Airport Road is a 12-kilometer (7.5 mi) stretch of highway in Baghdad, Iraq linking the Green Zone, a heavily fortified area at the center of Baghdad, to Baghdad International Airport (BIAP).	Baghdad Airport Road	Iraq
country	Labëria is a historic region that is roughly situated in Southern Albania.	Labëria	Albania
country	Mazraeh-ye Rahmatabad (Persian: مزرعه رحمت اباد‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Raḩmatābād; also known as Raḩmatābād) is a village in Qarah Chaman Rural District, Arzhan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 20, in 7 families.	Mazraeh-ye Rahmatabad	Iran
country	Jacquet River is a former municipality in Restigouche County, New Brunswick, Canada on the Jacquet River.	Jacquet River	Canada
country	Milewo-Rączki (miˈlɛvɔ ˈrɔnt͡ʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Milewo-Rączki	Poland
country	Nowa Bukówka (ˈnɔva buˈkufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żabia Wola, within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowa Bukówka	Poland
country	Devamatha CMI Public School is a co-educational private run Carmelites of Mary Immaculate (C.M.I.) school situated in Thrissur city of Kerala, India.	Devamatha CMI Public School	India
country	The Galle Face Hotel, founded in Colombo, Sri Lanka in 1864, is the oldest hotel east of Suez.	Galle Face Hotel	Sri Lanka
country	Lourouer-Saint-Laurent is a town and commune in the Indre department in central France.	Lourouer-Saint-Laurent	France
country	Metro La Raza (in English, ``Metro The Race'') is a station on the Mexico City Metro.	Metro La Raza	Mexico
country	The Numantine Museum of Soria located in Soria, Spain, focuses on the history of the province of Soria through art and archaeology, and also depicts the history of the archaeological site of Numantia and of other archaeological sites in other provinces such as Tiermes and Uxama.	Numantine Museum of Soria	Spain
country	The Château d'Argeville is a château in the commune of Vernou-la-Celle-sur-Seine, Seine-et-Marne, France.	Château d'Argeville	France
country	The Veerse Meer (Lake Veere) is a lagoon in the province of Zeeland, the Netherlands.	Veerse Meer	Netherlands
country	Barbilla National Park is a National Park in the Caribbean La Amistad Conservation Area of Costa Rica located on the eastern slopes of the Cordillera de Talamanca.	Barbilla National Park	Costa Rica
country	Fouha Point, also known as Fouha Rock or Creation Point, is a National Natural Landmark on the island of the United States territory of Guam.	Fouha Point	Guam
country	Ølen is a former municipality in the Vestlandet region of Norway.	Ølen	Norway
country	Saukorem (also Tanjung Saukorem, Saoekorem or Saokorem) is a coastal village in West Papua, Indonesia, located about 125 km (75 mi) north-northwest of Manokwari.	Saukorem	Indonesia
country	Niittykumpu (Finnish) or Ängskulla (Swedish) is a district of Espoo, a city in Finland.	Niittykumpu	Finland
country	Sembel is an archaeological site in the Maekel Region of Eritrea.	Sembel	Eritrea
country	The 2010 European Aquatics Championships were held from 4--15 August 2010 in Budapest and Balatonfüred, Hungary.	2010 European Aquatics Championships	Hungary
country	Mount Buffalo is moderately tall mountain plateau in the Mount Buffalo National Park in Victoria, Australia that is located approximately 350 kilometres (220 mi) northeast of Melbourne in the Australian Alps.	Mount Buffalo	Australia
country	Dilijan City Stadium (Armenian: Դիլիջանի Քաղաքային Մարզադաշտ) is an all-seater football stadium in Dilijan, Tavush Province, Armenia.	Dilijan City Stadium	Armenia
country	Episkopeio (Greek: Επισκοπειό) is village located in the Nicosia District of Cyprus.	Episkopeio	Cyprus
country	Ceylonese Rugby & Football Club Grounds (also known as Longden Place) commonly known as CR & FC is a multi-purpose stadium complex located in Colombo, Sri Lanka.	Ceylonese Rugby & Football Club	Sri Lanka
country	Somianka (sɔˈmjanka) is a village in Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Somianka	Poland
country	Gëzlyubulak (also, Gezlubulak) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Gëzlyubulak	Azerbaijan
country	Indian Overseas Bank with ATM (Near Murari Hospital) Union Bank of India, Moolakadai with ATM Central Bank of India, Moolakadai with ATM, Next to Sembium EB, Moolakadai ATMs- ICICI Bank ATM, Opp to Sembium EB, Moolakadai AXIS Bank ATM, Moolakadai IOB ATM near Ravi Garden	Moolakadai	India
country	Strømmen Stadion is a sports stadium in Strømmen, Skedsmo, Norway.	Strømmen Stadion	Norway
country	Lebowakgomo Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Lebowakgomo, situated 60 km south of Polokwane, at the Limpopo province in South Africa.	Lebowakgomo Stadium	South Africa
country	Zapala is a city and touristic destination in the Patagonian province of Neuquén, Argentina with about 32,000 inhabitants according to the 2010 census (INDEC).	Zapala	Argentina
country	Teteven (Bulgarian: Тетевен) is a town on the banks of the Vit river, at the foot of Stara Planina mountain in north central Bulgaria.	Teteven	Bulgaria
country	Peak School (Chinese: 山頂小學; pinyin: Shāndǐng xiǎoxué) is an English language international primary school, located on Plunkett's Road on Victoria Peak, Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong.	Peak School	Hong Kong
country	Hatboalia High School (Bengali: হাটবোয়ালিয়া মাধ্যমিক বিদ্যালয়) is a high school in Alamdanga Upazila, Bangladesh.	Hatboalia High School	Bangladesh
country	Baldheri is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan, the union council of Baldheri is named after the main village of the area.	Baldheri	Pakistan
country	Ciemna Wola (ˈt͡ɕemna ˈvɔla) (German: Dietrichswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Ciemna Wola	Poland
country	Oostelijke Eilanden (lit. Eastern Islands) is a neighborhood in the centre of Amsterdam, Netherlands, consisting of Kattenburg, Wittenburg, and Oostenburg.	Oostelijke Eilanden	Netherlands
country	Mount Tutoko is the highest peak in Fiordland National Park, in southwest New Zealand.	Mount Tutoko	New Zealand
country	The East Natuna gas field (former name: Natuna D-Alpha block) is a large natural gas field located in the South China Sea off northern Natuna Island, Indonesia.	East Natuna gas field	Indonesia
country	Marghtumayn (Marghtimayn) (Yaghnobi Марғтимайн or Марғтумайн, Russian: Мархтумайн) is a village in western Tajikistan.	Marghtumayn	Tajikistan
country	Deunggu Station (Hangul: 등구역; hanja: 登龜驛) is a station of the BGLRT Line of Busan Metro in Daejeo-dong, Gangseo District, Busan, South Korea.	Deunggu Station	South Korea
country	Bezuljak (pronounced (bəzuˈljaːk)) is a village north of Begunje pri Cerknici in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Bezuljak	Slovenia
country	City Foundation High School is an educational institute located in the suburb of district Faisalabad, Pakistan.	City Foundation High School	Pakistan
country	Monte Rasu is a mountain in the Goceano's range, in the central west Sardinia, Italy.	Monte Rasu	Italy
country	Åsskard Church (Norwegian: Åsskard kyrkje) is a parish church in Surnadal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Åsskard Church	Norway
country	Loppersum (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈlɔpərsʏm)) is a village and municipality with a population of 10,174 in the province of Groningen in the northeast of the Netherlands.	Loppersum	Netherlands
country	Hopetoun Airport (IATA: HTU, ICAO: YHPN) is an airport in Hopetoun, Victoria, Australia.	Hopetoun Airport	Australia
country	Asunción Mita (Spanish pronunciation: (asunˈsjon ˈmita)) is a municipality in the Jutiapa department of Guatemala.	Asunción Mita	Guatemala
country	El Correo (Spanish for ``The Courier'') is a leading daily newspaper in Bilbao and the Basque Country of northern Spain.	El Correo	Spain
country	Samalae'ulu is a village on the northeast side of Savai'i island in Samoa.	Samalae'ulu	Samoa
country	The Aqueduct of Algeciras (Spanish: Acueducto de Algeciras) is one of the most important buildings in Algeciras, Spain.	Aqueduct of Algeciras	Spain
country	Taxinge-Näsby Castle is a stately home in Sweden.	Taxinge-Näsby Castle	Sweden
country	The Hussain Ebrahim Jamal Research Institute of Chemistry, ICCBS, widely known as HEJ Research Institute of Chemistry, is an advanced research center in Karachi, Sindh Province of Pakistan.	Hussain Ebrahim Jamal Research Institute of Chemistry	Pakistan
country	Mykolaiv (Ukrainian: Миколаїв Ukrainian pronunciation: (mɪkoˈɫɑjiw)), also known as Nikolaev (from Russian Николаев), is a city in southern Ukraine, the administrative center of the Mykolaiv Oblast.	Mykolaiv	Ukraine
country	Ładzice (waˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ) is a village in Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Ładzice	Poland
country	Bosque Seco del Patía Fauna and Flora Sanctuary, or Patia Dry Forest, is a wildlife sanctuary in Colombia.	Bosque Seco del Patía Fauna and Flora Sanctuary	Colombia
country	Schwedelbach is a community in the district of Kaiserslautern, southern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Schwedelbach	Germany
country	Simei Avenue is a road in Singapore from Upper Changi Road East to Pan Island Expressway.	Simei Avenue	Singapore
country	GD Matriculation Higher Secondary School is a school in Gopala Puram, Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India.	GD Matriculation Higher Secondary School	India
country	Mazraeh-ye Vajdani (Persian: مزرعه وجداني‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Vajdānī) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District, Arzhan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Vajdani	Iran
country	The Law on the Freedom of the Press of 29 July 1881 (French: Loi sur la liberté de la presse du 29 juillet 1881), often called the Press Law of 1881, is a law that defines the freedoms and responsibilities of the media and publishers in France.	Law on the Freedom of the Press of 29 July 1881	France
country	The Fiesta Nacional de España (Festa Nacional d'Espanya in Catalan/Valencian/Balearic; Festa Nacional de España in Galician; Espainiako Jai Nazionala in Basque) is the national day of Spain.	Fiesta Nacional de España	Spain
country	The Guayamouc River, (French: Rivière Guayamouc), is a river in central and eastern Haiti.	Guayamouc River	Haiti
country	The Radio Bari station, broadcasting from Bari in southern Italy, with a power of 20 kW, was commissioned by the Italian national broadcasting company, EIAR, in 1932.	Radio Bari	Italy
country	Falenty Nowe (faˈlɛntɨ ˈnɔvɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raszyn, within Pruszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Falenty Nowe	Poland
country	The Cave of Niaux (French: Grotte de Niaux) is located in Niaux in the Ariège département of south-western France.	Cave of Niaux	France
country	Tyulenovo is also famous for the fact that on 31 May 1951 the first oil field in Bulgaria was discovered here.	Tyulenovo	Bulgaria
country	Gods Lake Narrows Airport, (IATA: YGO, ICAO: CYGO), is located adjacent to Gods Lake Narrows, Manitoba, Canada.	Gods Lake Narrows Airport	Canada
country	Marcelová (Hungarian: Marcelháza, Hungarian pronunciation:(ˈlɒksɒkaːllɒʃ)) is a village and municipality in the Komárno District in the Nitra Region of south-west Slovakia.	Marcelová	Slovakia
country	The Amur Cart Road or Amur Wheel Road (Russian: Аму́рская колёсная доро́га or Аму́рская колесу́ха, tr. Amurskaya kolesukha) was a 2,000-kilometre (1,200 mi) cartage road in Amur Oblast of Imperial Russia that connected Khabarovsk with Blagoveshchensk through mostly uninhabited areas of taiga and swamps.	Amur Cart Road	Russia
country	Tour T1 (also known as the Tour GDF Suez) is an office skyscraper in La Défense, the high-rise business district west of Paris, France.	Tour T1	France
country	Tall Shur (Persian: تل شور‎, also Romanized as Tall Shūr; also known as Tall Sūreh) is a village in Saroleh Rural District, Meydavud District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tall Shur	Iran
country	Florenceville Airport (TC LID: CCR3), is a private airfield located 0.7 nautical miles (1.3 km; 0.81 mi) southwest of Florenceville, New Brunswick, Canada alongside the Saint John River.	Florenceville Airport	Canada
country	The Sır Dam is an arch dam on the Ceyhan river in Kahramanmaraş Province of southern Turkey.	Sır Dam	Turkey
country	Dardhë is a community in the former municipality of Drenovë in the Korçë County, Albania.	Dardhë	Albania
country	Oudtshoorn, the ``ostrich capital of the world'', is a town in the Western Cape province of South Africa.	Oudtshoorn	South Africa
country	Musgrave Ranges is a mountain range in Central Australia, straddling the boundary of South Australia (Anangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara) and the Northern Territory (MacDonnell Shire), extending into Western Australia.	Musgrave Ranges	Australia
country	DIT University (DITU), erstwhile Dehradun Institute of Technology, is a private university near Dehradun in India, established by the non-profit Unison Group.	DIT University	India
country	Kayalpatnam (also known as Kayalpattinam or Korkai, Arabic - قاهر فطن, Tamil - காயல்பட்டினம்) is a town in the Tuticorin district of Tamil Nadu, India.	Kayalpatnam	India
country	Gu-Edin (also transcribed Gu'edena) was a flat field in Sumer, in modern day Iraq.	Gu-Edin	Iraq
country	FK Obilić Herceg Novi is a football club from the village Zelenika, Herceg Novi, Montenegro.	FK Obilić Herceg Novi	Montenegro
country	The Siege of Cuartel de la Montaña was the two-day siege of the military barracks which marked the initial failure of the uprising against the Second Spanish Republic in Madrid, Spain on 18--20 July 1936, at the start of the Spanish Civil War.	Siege of Cuartel de la Montaña	Spain
country	Şahağac (also, Shakhagach and Sahagaci) is a village and municipality in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şahağac	Azerbaijan
country	The State Prison at Søbysøgård is an open prison in Denmark, which is arranged at the Hall of Søby Søgård close to Årslev.	The State Prison at Søbysøgård	Denmark
country	Chomętów-Socha (xɔˈmɛntuf ˈsɔxa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Chomętów-Socha	Poland
country	The Column of the Grande Armée (French - Colonne de la grande Armée or Colonne Napoléone) is a 53 metre high Doric order triumphal column (modelled on Trajan's Column and other triumphal columns in Rome) on the Rue Napoleon in Wimille, near Boulogne-sur-Mer, France.	Column of the Grande Armée	France
country	Osogovo Monastery (Macedonian: Осоговски Манастир) is a Macedonian Orthodox monastery located near Kriva Palanka, Republic of Macedonia, 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) from the Bulgarian border on Osogovo Mountain.	Osogovo Monastery	Macedonia
country	Lemybrien (Irish: Léim Uí Bhriain, meaning ``O'Brien's leap'') is a small village on the N25 road, linking Cork to Waterford City, Ireland.	Lemybrien	Ireland
country	Airport City Belgrade or (ACB) is a business park in Novi Beograd, Serbia.	Airport City Belgrade	Serbia
country	Kępa Piotrawińska (ˈkɛmpa pjɔtraˈviɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaziska, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kępa Piotrawińska	Poland
country	Goreljek (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾeːljək) or (ɡɔˈɾeːljɛk)) is a high-elevation settlement on the Pokljuka Plateau in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Goreljek	Slovenia
country	Tatobay (Pashto: ټاټوبی اوونيزه‎) is a Pashto language weekly newspaper based in Kabul, Afghanistan.	Tatobay	Afghanistan
country	The Städtisches Waldstadion, known as the Scholz-Arena for sponsorship purposes, is a multi-purpose stadium in Aalen, Germany.	Städtisches Waldstadion	Germany
country	Xucbala (also, Khuchbala) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Xucbala	Azerbaijan
country	Koufovouno (Greek: Κουφόβουνο) is a settlement in the municipality of Didymoteicho in the northern Evros regional unit, Greece.	Koufovouno	Greece
country	Bolshoy Lyakhovsky Island (Russian: Большой Ляховский), or Great Lyakhovsky, is the largest of the Lyakhovsky Islands belonging to the New Siberian Islands archipelago between the Laptev Sea and the East Siberian Sea in northern Russia.	Bolshoy Lyakhovsky Island	Russia
country	Boma Airport (IATA: BOA, ICAO: FZAJ) is an airport serving Boma in the Bas-Congo province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Boma Airport	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Kilkenny College or KCK is a co-educational secondary school located in Kilkenny, in the South-East of Ireland.	Kilkenny College	Ireland
country	The Black Andrew Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve located on the south west slopes of New South Wales, Australia.	Black Andrew Nature Reserve	Australia
country	Hang Tuah Stadium or Kubu Stadium (Malay: Stadium Hang Tuah) is a multi-use stadium in Malacca, Malaysia.	Hang Tuah Stadium	Malaysia
country	Niedrzwica Duża (ɲedʐˈvit͡sa ˈduʐa) is a village in Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Niedrzwica Duża	Poland
country	Filingue is a town in southwestern Niger and is the capital city of Filingue Department.	Filingue	Niger
country	Melenicë (in Albanian) or Meljenica (in Serbian:Мељеница) is a village in the municipality of Mitrovica in the District of Mitrovica, Kosovo.	Melenicë	Kosovo
country	Ilobu is a town and the administrative headquarters of Irepodun Local Government Area of Osun State, Nigeria.	Ilobu	Nigeria
country	Nosalewo (nɔsaˈlɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy, within Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nosalewo	Poland
country	The A23 road is a major road in the United Kingdom between London and Brighton, East Sussex, England.	A23 road	United Kingdom
country	Ħal Far (Rat's Town), is one of the main industrial estates in Malta.	Ħal Far	Malta
country	Sqoubin (Arabic: سقوبين‎, also spelled Saqubin) is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Latakia Governorate, located north of Latakia.	Sqoubin	Syria
country	The Convent of las Madres Carmelitas (Spanish: Convento de las Madres Carmelitas) is a convent located in Boadilla del Monte, Spain.	Convent of las Madres Carmelitas	Spain
country	Fotografisk Center is an exhibition space in Copenhagen, Denmark, dedicated to international and Danish photographic art. Since 1 February 2011 it has been based in the Tap E building in the Carlsberg area on the border between Vesterbro and Valby.	Fotografisk Center	Denmark
country	The Kurtna Lake District is located in north-eastern Estonia.	Kurtna Lake District	Estonia
country	Tipaimukh Road is a National Highway in Manipur, India, designated NH-150.	Tipaimukh Road	India
country	Poslovna Cona Žeje pri Komendi (pronounced (pɔˈsloːu̯na ˈtsoːna ˈʒɛːjɛ pɾi kɔˈmɛːndi); Slovene: Poslovna cona Žeje pri Komendi; literally, the ``Žeje pri Komendi Industrial Zone'') is an uninhabited settlement in the Municipality of Komenda in northern Slovenia.	Poslovna Cona Žeje pri Komendi	Slovenia
country	Liubotyn (Ukrainian: Люботин, Russian: Любoтин, translit. Lyubotin) is a city in Kharkiv Oblast (province) of eastern Ukraine.	Liubotyn	Ukraine
country	Sultan Azlan Shah Airport (IATA: IPH, ICAO: WMKI) is an airport that serves Ipoh, a city in the state of Perak in Malaysia.	Sultan Azlan Shah Airport	Malaysia
country	Sudinabad (Persian: سودين اباد‎, also Romanized as Sūdīnābād; also known as Sebdīnābād) is a village in Margavar Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sudinabad	Iran
country	Kolpashevo (Russian: Колпа́шево) is a town and the administrative center of Kolpashevsky District in Tomsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Ob River.	Kolpashevo	Russia
country	The Avas is a hill of volcanic origin in Miskolc, Hungary.	Avas	Hungary
country	The Höhere Berufsfachschule für Wirtschaftsinformatik (HBFS-WI) located in Saarbrücken, Germany is a school providing higher vocational education in information technology and economics awarding the degree ``Staatlich geprüfte(r) Wirtschaftsinformatiker(in)'' (English: ``state-examined business data processing specialist'')	Höhere Berufsfachschule für Wirtschaftsinformatik	Germany
country	Pustomyty (Ukrainian: Пустомити) is a city in Lviv Oblast (region) of Ukraine.	Pustomyty	Ukraine
country	Malkia (Hebrew: מַלְכִּיָּה) is a kibbutz in northern Israel.	Malkia	Israel
country	Estrada Real (Portuguese pronunciation: (iʃˈtɾadɐ ʁeˈaw), Royal Road) is a set of colonial-era roads in Brazil.	Estrada Real	Brazil
country	The Baie de Douarnenez is a bay in Finistère, France, between the Crozon peninsula to the north and the cap Sizun to the south.	Baie de Douarnenez	France
country	Beginning in 2005, the SERO organization launched the Le Mans Classic Japan event, meant to run in alternative years from the event in France.	Le Mans Classic	France
country	Ziarat-e Tamarkhan (Persian: زيارت تمرخان‎, also Romanized as Zīārat-e Tamarkhān; also known as Sharak-e Tamarkhān) is a village in Dasht-e Hor Rural District, in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Ziarat-e Tamarkhan	Iran
country	LORIT: an user interface laboratory ERASME: a data warehouse laboratory TÉLUQ has two Canada research chairs:	TÉLUQ	Canada
country	Nasovče (pronounced (ˈnaːsɔu̯tʃɛ); in older sources also Nasoviče, German: Nassowitsch) is a small village west of Komenda in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Nasovče	Slovenia
country	Major League Baseball on TSN is a television presentation of Major League Baseball games on Canada's TSN (The Sports Network).	Major League Baseball on TSN	Canada
country	Haldia Government Sponsored X-Class Secondary School (H.S.), is one of the oldest school, in the village Basudevpur of sub-division Haldia, Purba Medinipur, West Bengal, India.	Haldia Government Sponsored X-Class Secondary School (H.S.)	India
country	XEINFO-AM is a radio station in Tlalnepantla, State of Mexico, serving Mexico City.	XEINFO-AM	Mexico
country	Bãi Cháy is a beach resort in Vietnam.	Bãi Cháy	Vietnam
country	Tymianki-Adamy (tɨˈmjaŋki aˈdamɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Tymianki-Adamy	Poland
country	The Canadian Coast Guard Auxiliary or CCGA (French: Garde côtière auxiliaire canadienne or GCAC) is a Canada-wide volunteer marine association dedicated to marine search and rescue (SAR) and the promotion of boating safety, through association with the Canadian Coast Guard under the auspices of Canada's National Search and Rescue Program.	Canadian Coast Guard Auxiliary	Canada
country	Sarfeh (Persian: صرفه‎, also Romanized as Şarfeh) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Goruh Rural District, Rayen District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sarfeh	Iran
country	Mladeškovići (Cyrillic: Младешковићи) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Mladeškovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Bundaleer Station is a pastoral lease that operates as a sheep station in South Australia.	Bundaleer Station	Australia
country	The Brahmaputra Valley semi-evergreen forests is a tropical moist broadleaf forest ecoregion of eastern India and southern Bhutan.	Brahmaputra Valley semi-evergreen forests	Bhutan
country	Quainton Windmill (aka Banner Mill) is a historic windmill in the village of Quainton, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom.	Quainton Windmill	United Kingdom
country	Kohir Deccan is a town and Mandal headquarters in the Medak district of Telangana, India.	Kohir	India
country	Shienga (Shinga) is a village in East Mamprusi district, of the Northern Region of Ghana.	Shienga	Ghana
country	Tserkezoi (Greek: Τσερκέζοι or Τσερκέζ Τσιφλίκ; Turkish: Çerkez or Çerkez Çiftliği) is a village west of Limassol, Cyprus, lying partly in Limassol District, and partly in the British Overseas Territory of Akrotiri and Dhekelia.	Tserkezoi	Cyprus
country	Old Town Square (Czech: Staroměstské náměstí ) is a historic square in the Old Town quarter of Prague, the capital of the Czech Republic.	Old Town Square	Czech Republic
country	Miletci (Serbian: Милетци) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Miletci	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Puszczykowo (puʂt͡ʂɨˈkɔvɔ) (German: Puszczykowo) is a town in Poznań County, Poland, with 9,177 inhabitants (as of 2004).	Puszczykowo	Poland
country	Kogelberg Nature Reserve is a large (3,000 ha (7,400 acres)) and important nature reserve comprising the Kogelberg Mountain Range, to the east of Cape Town, South Africa.	Kogelberg Nature Reserve	South Africa
country	The News of the World was a national red top newspaper published in the United Kingdom from 1843 to 2011.	News of the World	United Kingdom
country	Arriate is a town and municipality in the Province of Málaga, part of the autonomous community of Andalusia in southern Spain.	Arriate	Spain
country	Chekhreh Mahalleh (Persian: چخره محله‎, also Romanized as Chekhreh Maḩalleh; also known as Chekhr Maḩalleh) is a village in Asalem Rural District, Asalem District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chekhreh Mahalleh	Iran
country	Nizhneangarsk Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Нижнеангарск) (ICAO: UIUN) is an airport in Russia located 4 km northeast of Nizhneangarsk and 26 km northeast of Severobaykalsk.	Nizhneangarsk Airport	Russia
country	The Kangen River is a river in South Sudan, just west of Boma National Park.	Kangen River	South Sudan
country	Marina di Pisa is a seaside resort of Tuscany, in central Italy.	Marina di Pisa	Italy
country	The Partisan Memorial Cemetery in Mostar is located in Mostar, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Partisan Memorial Cemetery in Mostar	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Vilanova d'Alcolea (Spanish: Villanueva de Alcolea) is a municipality in the province of Castelló, Valencian Community, Spain.	Vilanova d'Alcolea	Spain
country	The Garan Dam is an earth-fill embankment dam on the Garan River, a tributary of the Sirvan River, about 15 km (9.3 mi) northeast of Marivan in Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Garan Dam	Iran
country	Khadami Fajirabad (Persian: خادمي فجراباد‎, also Romanized as Khādamī Fajirābād) is a village in Zavarom Rural District, in the Central District of Shirvan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khadami Fajirabad	Iran
country	The Wrights Range Lights are a set of range lights on Prince Edward Island, Canada.	Wrights Range Lights	Canada
country	Vobkent (Uzbek: Vobkent / Вобкент; Tajik: Вобкент; Russian: Вабкент) is a town in the Bukhara Region of Uzbekistan and the capital of Vabkent district.	Vobkent	Uzbekistan
country	Donji Nevizdraci (Cyrillic: Доњи Невиздраци) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Donji Nevizdraci	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Sveti Ožbolt (pronounced (ˈsʋeːti ˈoʒːbɔlt); German: Sankt Oswald) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Sveti Ožbolt	Slovenia
country	In 1847 the Halle Gate became part of Belgium's Musée Royal d'Armures, d'Antiquités et d'Ethnologie (Museum of Armour, Antiquity and Ethnology), now named the Royal Museums for Art and History.	Halle Gate	Belgium
country	Canale d'Agordo (known as Forno di Canale until 1964) is a town and comune in the province of Belluno, in the region of Veneto, northern Italy.	Canale d'Agordo	Italy
country	Toh Tuck is a residential area in the Western region of Singapore.	Toh Tuck	Singapore
country	Villa El Tato is an urban fragment (fraccionamiento) in the Canelones Department of southern Uruguay.	Villa El Tato	Uruguay
country	Laghi del Gorzente is a group of three lakes in north-west Italy which straddles the provinces of Genoa (in Liguria) and Alessandria (in Piedmont).	Laghi del Gorzente	Italy
country	CHOC-FM is a French language community radio station that operates at 104.9 MHz (FM) in Saint-Rémi, Quebec, Canada.	CHOC-FM	Canada
country	Laze pri Oneku (pronounced (ˈlaːzɛ pri ˈoːnɛku); German: Neufriesach) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Laze pri Oneku	Slovenia
country	Olyva (Ukrainian: Олива; Russian: Олива; Crimean Tatar: Oliva) is a rural settlement in the Yalta Municipality of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and annexed by Russia as the Republic of Crimea.	Olyva	Ukraine	Russia
country	The Episcopal Church of the Epiphany of San Carlos, California, is a parish in the Episcopal Diocese of California, and part of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America (ECUSA).	Episcopal Church of the Epiphany of San Carlos, California	United States of America
country	Gare de Calais-Fréthun is a mainline and international railway station in the suburbs of Calais, France, one of three stations serving the town, the other two are Calais-Ville in the town centre and Gare des Fontinettes in the suburbs.	Gare de Calais-Fréthun	France
country	Pribidoli (Serbian: Прибидоли) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Pribidoli	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Mile End Goods railway station was located on the western fringe of the Adelaide city centre in South Australia.	Mile End Goods railway station	Australia
country	Braden became a subsidiary company of Kennecott Copper Corporation in 1916 and on July 11, 1971 with the Chilean nationalization of copper under President Salvador Allende and the formation of the Corporación Nacional del Cobre de Chile (known as Codelco), El Teniente became a state owned operation.	El Teniente	Chile
country	Karghond (Persian: كرغند‎, also Romanized as Karqond, Korqand, Kurgūnd, and Korqond) is a village in Karghond Rural District, Nimbeluk District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Karghond	Iran
country	Greek National Road 50 is a national highway on the island of Cephalonia, Greece.	Greek National Road 50	Greece
country	Living Unified Socialist Party of Catalonia (Catalan: PSUC viu, lit. ``Living PSUC'') is a political party in Catalonia, Spain.	Living Unified Socialist Party of Catalonia	Spain
country	Hedemora is a locality in Dalarna County and the seat of Hedemora Municipality, Sweden, with 7,273 inhabitants in 2010.	Hedemora	Sweden
country	Dundaga Castle is a medieval castle in Dundaga, Latvia, in the Dundaga municipality.	Dundaga Castle	Latvia
country	NK Kamen Ingrad was a Croatian football club from Velika, a small town near Požega in the northeast of Croatia.	NK Kamen Ingrad	Croatia
country	Lysogorskaya (Russian: Лысого́рская) is a rural locality (a stanitsa) in Georgiyevsky District of Stavropol Krai, Russia.	Lysogorskaya	Russia
country	Pokr Sepasar (Armenian: Փոքր Սեպասար, also Romanized as P’ok’r Sepasar; formerly, Malaya Shishtapa, and Pokr Shishtapa) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Pokr Sepasar	Armenia
country	Shur Mahi (Persian: شور ماهي‎, also Romanized as Shūr Māhī) is a village in Anaran Rural District, in the Central District of Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Shur Mahi	Iran
country	Blaauwkrantz Pass is a mountain pass situated in the Eastern Cape, on the R67, the road between Grahamstown and Port Alfred, South Africa.	Blaauwkrantz Pass	South Africa
country	Humbang Hasundutan Regency is a regency in the southwest shore of Lake Toba of North Sumatra, Indonesia.	Humbang Hasundutan Regency	Indonesia
country	Leuralla is a historic house in Leura, a suburb in the City of Blue Mountains local government area 109 km west of Sydney in New South Wales, Australia.	Leuralla	Australia
country	Jagannath Barooah College (Assamese: জগন্নাথ বৰুৱা মহাবিদ্যালয়) (popularly known as J.B. College) is located in Jorhat, Assam, India.	Jagannath Barooah College	India
country	Kaad Ranching and Farming Company (Persian: شركت دامپروري وزراعي كااد‎ -- Sherkat-e Dāmperūrī va Zerā``ī-ye Kāād) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District, Zarach District, Yazd County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 17, in 5 families.	Kaad Ranching and Farming Company	Iran
country	Potok-Młyn (ˈpɔtɔk ˈmwɨn) is a former settlement in Gmina Miastko, Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Potok-Młyn	Poland
country	Wijckel (West Frisian: Wikel) is a village in De Fryske Marren in the province of Fryslan, the Netherlands.	Wijckel	Netherlands
country	The Magnuskerk (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈmɑxnʏsˌkɛrk); English: Magnus Church) is a 16th-century church in Bellingwolde in the Netherlands.	Magnuskerk	Netherlands
country	The Jerusalem Cinematheque is a cinematheque and film archive in Jerusalem, Israel.	Jerusalem Cinematheque	Israel
country	Lietava, Lietauka or Letauka is a rivulet in Lithuania that is believed to have given Lithuania its name.	Lietauka	Lithuania
country	Markaz Rif Dimashq District (Arabic: منطقة مركز ريف دمشق, translit.: manṭiqat Markaz Rif Dimašq) or Damascus Central Countryside District is a district of the Rif Dimashq Governorate in southern Syria.	Markaz Rif Dimashq District	Syria
country	The Hospital Universitario La Paz is a general hospital situated in the district of Fuencarral-El Pardo in the city of Madrid in Spain.	Hospital Universitario La Paz	Spain
country	Burnpur is the Southern neighbourhood in Asansol, Bardhaman District in the heart of the mining-industrial belt in the western periphery of the state of West Bengal, India.	Burnpur	India
country	Murt-e Sabz (Persian: مورت سبز‎, also Romanized as Mūrt-e Sabz) is a village in Vizhenan Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Murt-e Sabz	Iran
country	Güigüe (pronounced Gwigwe) is a city in the south of the Valencia Lake, in Carabobo, Venezuela.	Güigüe	Venezuela
country	Quinta das Lágrimas (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈkĩtɐ dɐʒ ˈlaɡɾimɐʃ)) is an estate in Coimbra, Portugal.	Quinta das Lágrimas	Portugal
country	Hanumangarh (Hindi: हनुमानगढ़; Punjabi: ਹਨੂਮਾਨਗੜ੍ਹ)is a city in northern Rajasthan state in western India, situated on the banks of the river Ghaggar also identified as Ancient Sarasvati river, located about 400 km from Delhi.	Hanumangarh	India
country	San Pawl Milqi is the ruin of a Roman-period agricultural villa, the most extensive to have ever been unearthed in Malta.	San Pawl Milqi	Malta
country	Aitou (also Aytou, Aytu, Aïtou, Aito, Itoo, Arabic: أيطو‎) is a village located in the Zgharta District in the North Governorate of Lebanon.	Aitou	Lebanon
country	Srey Santhor District (Khmer: ស្រុកស្រីសន្ធរ; ``Glorious City'') is a district (srok) located in Kampong Cham Province, Cambodia.	Srey Santhor District	Cambodia
country	Białęciniec (bjawɛnˈt͡ɕiɲɛt͡s) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Malechowo, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Białęciniec	Poland
country	Vasvár (German: Eisenburg, Slovene: Železnograd, Latin: (formerly) Castrum Ferrum), is a town in Vas county, Hungary.	Vasvár	Hungary
country	Paraparaumu Beach is situated to the west of the 'township' of Paraparaumu, located 50 km north of Wellington, New Zealand.	Paraparaumu Beach	New Zealand
country	Astromeritis (Greek: Αστρομερίτης, Turkish: Astromerit) is a large village in the Morphou Department of the Nicosia District of Cyprus.	Astromeritis	Cyprus
country	York Park is a sports ground located in the Inveresk and York Park Precinct, Launceston, Australia, and is the largest capacity stadium in Tasmania, holding 20,000.	Inveresk and York Park Precinct, Launceston	Australia
country	The Swedish Chess Federation (Swedish: Sveriges Schackförbund - SSF) is the national organization for chess in Sweden.	Swedish Chess Federation	Sweden
country	The Canada Memorial in Green Park, London, United Kingdom, commemorates members of the Canadian Forces killed during the First and Second World Wars.	Canada Memorial	United Kingdom
country	Recep Tayyip Erdoğan Stadium (a.k.a. Kasımpaşa Stadium) is a multi-use stadium in the Kasımpaşa neighbourhood of Istanbul, Turkey.	Recep Tayyip Erdoğan Stadium	Turkey
country	Mixed Nutz airs on certain PBS and MHz Worldview stations in the United States as well as Shaw TV in Canada.	Mixed Nutz	Canada
country	Kamenianoi (Greek: Καμενιάνοι) is a mountain village and a community in the municipal unit of Aroania, Achaea, Greece.	Kamenianoi	Greece
country	Cuxland, in a tourist sense, is the land between the River Weser and the mouth of the Elbe in the district of Cuxhaven on Germany's North Sea coast.	Cuxland	Germany
country	The Dunton Technical Centre (informally Ford Dunton or Dunton) is a major automotive research and development facility located in Dunton Wayletts, Laindon, Essex, United Kingdom owned and operated by Ford Motor Company.	Dunton Technical Centre	United Kingdom
country	Lake Dash (Albanian: Liqeni i Dashit) is a mountain lake in Albania.	Lake Dash	Albania
country	Çobankol (also, Chobankël and Chobankol'') is a village and municipality in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Çobankol	Azerbaijan
country	Lalić (Serbian Cyrillic: Лалић; Slovak: Laliť) is a village in Serbia.	Lalić	Serbia
country	Amerikakaj (lit. ``America Quay'') is a 700 metre long quay along the west side of the Søndre Frihavn dock in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Amerikakaj	Denmark
country	Kojčinovac (Cyrillic: Којчиновац) is a place located south of the city of Bijeljina in Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kojčinovac	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Arshaq-e Shomali Rural District (Persian: دهستان ارشق شمالي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Arshaq District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Arshaq-e Shomali Rural District	Iran
country	Khvosh Mardan (Persian: خوشمردان‎, also Romanized as Khosh Mardan or Khvosh Mardān; also known as Khvūsh Mardān) is a village in Khavashod Rural District, Rud Ab District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khvosh Mardan	Iran
country	Popowo (pɔˈpɔvɔ) (German: Papenfeld) is a village in north-central Poland, in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship.	Popowo	Poland
country	A diplomatic row between the United States and Mexico was initiated on September 13, 1887, by the Ambassador of the United States in Mexico, Thomas Courtland Manning, when the prefect of Sahuaripa, Don Loreto Trujillo, imprisoned U.S. Citizen and California native, Jose Q. Garcia, for failing to vote in an election.	Sahuaripa	Mexico
country	The Tihange Nuclear Power Station is one of the two large-scale nuclear power plants in Belgium, the other being Doel Nuclear Power Station.	Tihange Nuclear Power Station	Belgium
country	The Tasmanian Symphony Orchestra (TSO) is a symphony orchestra based in Hobart, Tasmania, Australia.	Tasmanian Symphony Orchestra	Australia
country	Floridita (Spanish pronunciation: (floɾiˈðita)) or El Floridita is a historic fish restaurant and cocktail bar in the older part of Havana (La Habana Vieja), Cuba.	Floridita	Cuba
country	Osa Conservation Area is an administrative area which is managed by SINAC for the purposes of conservation in Costa Rica, on the southern Pacific coast region.	Osa Conservation Area	Costa Rica
country	Sligo (Irish: Sligeach, meaning ``abounding in shells'' -- /ˈslaɪɡoʊ/ SLY-goh; Irish pronunciation: (ˈɕlʲɪɟəx)) is a coastal seaport and the county town of County Sligo, Ireland within the western province of Connacht.	Sligo	Ireland
country	The Newcastle Star is a free weekly newspaper in Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia.	Newcastle Star	Australia
country	Nazarkahrizi Rural District (Persian: دهستان نظركهريزئ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Nazarkahrizi District, Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Nazarkahrizi Rural District	Iran
country	El Buh (Somali: Ceelbuh) is a town in the northern Sanaag region of Somalia.	El Buh	Somalia
country	Pinchimuru (Quechua, hispanicized spelling Pinchimuro) is a mountain in the Cusco Region in Peru, about 4,098 metres (13,445 ft) high.	Pinchimuru	Peru
country	Southern Rhodesia competed as Rhodesia at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.	Rhodesia at the 1964 Summer Olympics	Japan
country	Vettom is a local body of the Kerala government and also village in the Malappuram district, India.	Vettom	India
country	Kjerulføya is an island north of Nordaustlandet in Svalbard, Norway.	Kjerulføya	Norway
country	Huancané District (Aymara Wankani) is one of eight districts of the province Huancané in Peru.	Huancané District	Peru
country	The Jussi Awards are Finland's premier film industry event, recognizing annually the past year's excellence in Finnish film making by directors, actors, and writers.	Jussi Awards	Finland
country	Qatur (Persian: قطور‎, also Romanized as Qaţūr and Qoţūr; also known as Ghatoor, Kotur, Kutur, and Qutur) is a city in Qatur Rural District, Qatur District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qatur	Iran
country	Sofia (/ˈsoʊfiə/) (Bulgarian: София, Sofiya,pronounced (ˈsɔfijɐ)) is the capital and largest city of Bulgaria.	Sofia	Bulgaria
country	Kornokipos (Greek: Κορνόκηπος, Turkish: Görneç) is a village in the Famagusta District in Cyprus, located on the south eastern side of the Kyrenia Mountains.	Kornokipos	Cyprus
country	Ambodiharina (vatʷˈmanɖʐʲ) is a village and commune in the Mahanoro District, Atsinanana Region, Madagascar.	Ambodiharina	Madagascar
country	Vavuniya Airport (Tamil: வவுனியா விமான நிலையம், Sinhala: වවුනියාව ගුවන්තොටුපළ) (ICAO: VCCV) is an air force base and domestic airport in Vavuniya in northern Sri Lanka.	Vavuniya Airport	Sri Lanka
country	The Coronation Bridge, also known as the Sevoke Bridge, in Darjeeling district of West Bengal, India, spans across the Teesta River, connecting the districts of Darjeeling and Jalpaiguri.	Coronation Bridge	India
country	A Concrete Aboriginal, also known as a Neville, is a lawn ornament once common in Australia.	Concrete Aboriginal	Australia
country	Ketabang is an area of Genteng, Surabaya in East Java, Indonesia.	Ketabang	Indonesia
country	Hittisau Women's Museum (German: Frauenmuseum Hittisau) is a museum in Hittisau, Austria, devoted to women.	Hittisau Women's Museum	Austria
country	Mijači (Serbian Cyrillic: Мијачи) is a village in the Brestovac municipality of the Požega-Slavonia County, Croatia.	Mijači	Croatia
country	Eshera (Georgian: ეშერა; Abkhaz: Ешыра; Russian: Эшера) is a village in the Sukhumi district in Abkhazia, Georgia.	Eshera	Georgia
country	Qasr Abu Samrah (Arabic: قصر أبو سمرة‎) is a village and archaeological site in Syria, administratively a part of the Hama District of the Hama Governorate, located 31 kilometers (19 mi) northeast of Hama city.	Qasr Abu Samrah	Syria
country	Sør-Audnedal (former name: Søndre Undal or Sør-Undal) is a former municipality in Vest-Agder county in Norway.	Sør-Audnedal	Norway
country	Kivukoni is one of Ilala district's wards found in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.	Kivukoni	Tanzania
country	The New South Wales Rugby League premiership was the first rugby league football club competition established in Australia and predecessor to today's National Rugby League.	New South Wales Rugby League premiership	Australia
country	Kuala Lumpur Middle Ring Road 1 (KL MRR1) is the oldest ring road in Kuala Lumpur and Malaysia, and was built during the British colonial era.	Kuala Lumpur Middle Ring Road 1	Malaysia
country	Storyeum was located in the largely touristy area of the Gastown neighbourhood of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Storyeum	Canada
country	A Bien de Interés Cultural is a category of the heritage register in Spain.	Bien de Interés Cultural	Spain
country	Nefastus Dies is a black/death metal band from Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Nefastus Dies	Canada
country	Lac de Castillon is a reservoir in Alpes-de-Haute-Provence, France.	Lac de Castillon	France
country	An Australophile may extend to someone who is born outside Australia and the definition is not limited to an Australian itself.	Australophile	Australia
country	Pergamino Aeroclub (Spanish: Aeroclub de Pergamino, IATA: PER, ICAO: SAAN) is a public use airport located near Pergamino, Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Pergamino Aeroclub	Argentina
country	Čechynce (Hungarian: Nyitracsehi) is a village and municipality in the Nitra District in western central Slovakia, in the Nitra Region.	Čechynce	Slovakia
country	The Perth International Track Cycling Grand Prix is a western Australia premier track cycling event, established in 2000.	Perth International Track Cycling Grand Prix	Australia
country	African Rural University (ARU), is a university in Uganda, the third-largest economy in the East African Community.	African Rural University	Uganda
country	Tang-e Khvosh (Persian: تنگ خوش‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Khowsh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Deyr County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Tang-e Khvosh	Iran
country	The Madrid Defense Council (Spanish: Junta de Defensa de Madrid) was an ad-hoc governing body that ran Madrid, Spain, for about six months during the Spanish Civil War (1936--39).	Madrid Defense Council	Spain
country	Wechselburg (German pronunciation: (ˈvɛksəlbʊʁk)) is a municipality in the district of Mittelsachsen, in Saxony, Germany.	Wechselburg	Germany
country	Mhlume is a town located in the Lubombo district of Swaziland.	Mhlume	Swaziland
country	Varbla (German: Werpel) is a village in Pärnu County, in southwestern Estonia.	Varbla	Estonia
country	The Ceahlău Massif (pronounced (t͡ʃe̞ahˈləw)) is one of the most notorious mountains of Romania.	Ceahlău Massif	Romania
country	Radom Synagogue was an Orthodox Synagogue in Radom, Poland, destroyed by Nazi Germany following the invasion of Poland in World War II. The Synagogue was located at Podwalna Street, previously named the Bożnicza Street.	Radom Synagogue	Poland
country	The Uralla Times was a newspaper published under various titles between 1895 and 1983 for the town of Uralla, New South Wales, Australia.	Uralla Times	Australia
country	Vivigani Airfield (IATA: VIV) was an airstrip at Vivigani on Goodenough Island, part of the D'Entrecasteaux Islands in Papua New Guinea.	Vivigani Airfield	Papua New Guinea
country	Bossembélé is a small town in Yaloke-Bossembele, in the Ombella-M'Poko Prefecture of the Central African Republic, lying 157 miles north west of Bangui on the main road to Cameroon.	Bossembélé	Central African Republic
country	Bewani Mountains is a mountain range in northwestern Papua New Guinea.	Bewani Mountains	Papua New Guinea
country	Gamishli Yelqi (Persian: گاميشلي يلقي‎, also Romanized as Gāmīshlī Yelqī and Gomīshlī Yelqī; also known as Vakīlī) is a village in Gorganbuy Rural District, in the Central District of Aqqala County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Gamishli Yelqi	Iran
country	Praça Rui Barbosa (also called Praça da Estação--Station Square in English) is a square in Belo Horizonte, Brazil.	Praça Rui Barbosa	Brazil
country	The Pointe de Corsen is the westernmost point of continental France, located west of Brest in the Plouarzel Commune, Finistère, Brittany.	Pointe de Corsen	France
country	Rigshospitalet (meaning The National, State or Kingdom Hospital, but not usually translated) is one of the largest hospitals in Denmark and the most highly specialised hospital in Copenhagen.	Rigshospitalet	Denmark
country	Grzmikoło (ɡʐmiˈkɔwɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Grzmikoło	Poland
country	Skowronów (skɔˈvrɔnuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Skowronów	Poland
country	Trampolino di Pakstall is a ski jumping normal hill in Gallio, Italy.	Trampolino di Pakstall	Italy
country	Galícia Esporte Clube is a Brazilian football club from Salvador, capital of the state of Bahia, in Brazil's northeast region.	Galícia Esporte Clube	Brazil
country	Estat Català (Eastern Catalan: (əsˈtat kətəˈɫa), Western Catalan: (esˈtat kataˈla)) is a historical pro-independence political party in Catalonia, Spain.	Estat Català	Spain
country	Nowduk (Persian: نودوك‎, also Romanized as Nowdūḵ) is a village in Barakuh Rural District, Jolgeh-e Mazhan District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Nowduk	Iran
country	Montbrun-les-Bains (Montbrun in Occitan) is a commune in the Drôme department in southeastern France.	Montbrun-les-Bains	France
country	Cheruthazham is a census town in Kannur district in the state of Kerala, India.	Cheruthazham	India
country	Burovdal (also, Bruydal and Buravdal) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Burovdal	Azerbaijan
country	Magdeborn was a village south of Leipzig, Germany.	Magdeborn	Germany
country	Nha Trang University is a university in Nha Trang, Khánh Hòa Province, in Vietnam's South Central Coast.	Nha Trang University	Vietnam
country	Župa dubrovačka is a valley, a group of towns and a municipality of Dubrovnik-Neretva County in south-eastern Croatia.	Župa dubrovačka	Croatia
country	XERKS-AM (branded as La Poderosa) is a Spanish-language AM radio station that serves the McAllen, Texas (USA) / Reynosa, Tamaulipas (Mexico) border area.	XERKS-AM	Mexico
country	Despotovo (Serbian Cyrillic: Деспотово) is a village located in the Bačka Palanka municipality, in the South Bačka District of Serbia.	Despotovo	Serbia
country	Stockholm Central Station (Swedish: Stockholms Centralstation, Stockholm C) is the largest railway station in Sweden.	Stockholm Central Station	Sweden
country	The Keilor archaeological site was among the first places to demonstrate the antiquity of Aboriginal occupation of Australia when a cranium, unearthed in 1940, was found to be nearly 15,000 years old.	Keilor archaeological site	Australia
country	The Trans-Siberian Railway is often associated with the main transcontinental Russian line that connects hundreds of large and small cities of the European and Asian parts of Russia.	Trans-Siberian Railway	Russia
country	Shahrud Cement Company (Persian: ساختمان كارخانه سيمان شاهرود‎, -- Sākhtemān Kārkhāneh-ye Sīmān Shāhrūd) is a village and company town in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Shahrud Cement Company	Iran
country	The Regensburger Domspatzen (Regensburg Cathedral Choir) is the official choir for the liturgical music at St Peter's Cathedral in Regensburg, Bavaria, Germany.	Regensburger Domspatzen	Germany
country	Gandi Khan Khel railway station (Urdu: گنڈی خان خیل ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Pakistan.	Gandi Khan Khel railway station	Pakistan
country	Shal (Persian: شال‎‎) (Tati: چال, Čâl) is a city in and the capital of Shal District, in Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Shal	Iran
country	Kar Ashub (Persian: كراشوب‎, also Romanized as Kar Āshūb; also known as Karāshb and Karāshū) is a village in Rostam-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kar Ashub	Iran
country	Estância de Baixo (Cape Verde Creole: Stanxa d'' Bóx'') is a settlement in the western part of the island of Boa Vista, Cape Verde.	Estância de Baixo	Cape Verde
country	Shirin Shahr is a new planned city in the Khuzestan province of Iran.	Shirin Shahr	Iran
country	Forming a part of the Canton and Enderbury Islands condominium from 1939--79, the island is now a possession of the Republic of Kiribati.	Enderbury Island	Kiribati
country	Kabalgram or Kabal Gram (Urdu: کابلگرام ‎) is a village with the largest population in Martung Tehsil of Shangla District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province Pakistan.	Kabalgram	Pakistan
country	Anacopia Fortress (Georgian: ანაკოფია) is an ancient Abkhazian military citadel in New Athos (as it is currently known) in the Russian sponsored Autonomous Republic of Abkhazia, located some 22 km (14 miles) by road along the coast from Sukhumi.	Anacopia Fortress	Abkhazia
country	Saint Petersburg Philharmonia (Russian: Санкт-Петербургская филармония) is a music society located in Saint Petersburg, Russia, and is the name of the building where it is housed.	Saint Petersburg Philharmonia	Russia
country	Santa Rosa de Copán, Honduras, is the largest and most important city in western Honduras with a population of 42,803.	Santa Rosa de Copán	Honduras
country	Wanganui Collegiate School is a state-integrated coeducational, day and boarding secondary school in Whanganui, Manawatu-Wanganui region, New Zealand.	Wanganui Collegiate School	New Zealand
country	Třemošná (Czech pronunciation: (ˈtr̝̊ɛmoʃnaː); German: Tschemoschna) is a town in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.	Třemošná	Czech Republic
country	Fürstenfeld (Hungarian: Fölöstöm) is a town and a district in southeastern Austria.	Fürstenfeld	Austria
country	Bái Tử Long National Park (Vietnamese: Vườn quốc gia Bái Tử Long) is a protected area zone in northeastern Vietnam.	Bái Tử Long National Park	Vietnam
country	Standing at 698 metres, Camaderry is the 17th / 18th highest mountain in the Wicklow Mountains and the 114th highest mountain in Ireland, joint with Silsean which also has a height of 698 metres.	Camaderry	Ireland
country	The Arieșul Mare (Hungarian: Nagy-Aranyos) is a river in the Apuseni Mountains, Alba County, western Romania.	Arieșul Mare	Romania
country	The Queensland Theological College (QTC) is a theological college in Queensland, Australia.	Queensland Theological College	Australia
country	Leskensky District (Russian: Лескенский райо́н; Kabardian: Лэскэн къедзыгъуэ; Karachay-Balkar: Лескен район) is an administrative and a municipal district (raion), one of the ten in the Kabardino-Balkar Republic, Russia.	Leskensky District	Russia
country	The Deutsches Schauspielhaus is a theatre in the St. Georg quarter of the city of Hamburg, Germany.	Deutsches Schauspielhaus	Germany
country	Sinaoros or Sina Oros (Greek: Σινάoρος) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, located 3 km north of Kakopetria.	Sinaoros	Cyprus
country	Borj-e Akram (Persian: برج اكرم‎, also Romanized as Borj Akram; also known as Borj) is a village in Borj-e Akram Rural District, in the Central District of Fahraj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Borj-e Akram	Iran
country	Kupe's Sail is a geological formation near the eastern end of Palliser Bay at the southern end of the North Island of New Zealand.	Kupe's Sail	New Zealand
country	The Bukit Timah Satellite Earth Station (Chinese: 武吉知马卫星地面站; Malay: Stesen Satelit Bumi Bukit Timah) is the second satellite earth station in Singapore after Sentosa Satellite Earth Station in Sentosa Island.	Bukit Timah Satellite Earth Station	Singapore
country	Bert Church High School is a high school in Airdrie, Alberta, Canada with approximately 925 students in enrollment.	Bert Church High School	Canada
country	Gav Miru (Persian: گاو ميرو‎, also Romanized as Gāv Mīrū) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District, Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District, Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Gav Miru	Iran
country	Wenshang County (simplified Chinese: 汶上县; traditional Chinese: 汶上縣; pinyin: Wénshàng Xiàn) is a county of southwestern Shandong province, People's Republic of China.	Wenshang County	People's Republic of China
country	Kamnik (pronounced (ˈkaːmnik); German: Stein or Stein in Oberkrain) is a town in northern Slovenia.	Kamnik	Slovenia
country	Jastrzębia Góra (German: Habichtsberg, Kashubian: Pilëce or Jastrzãbiô Góra) is a village on the south coast of the Baltic Sea in the Kashubia, in the administrative district of Gmina Władysławowo, within Puck County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jastrzębia Góra	Poland
country	The Marine Environmental Data and Information Network (MEDIN) is a United Kingdom organization created to curate marine environmental data.	Marine Environmental Data and Information Network	United Kingdom
country	The Kot Diji Fort (Sindhi:ڪوٽ ڏيجي جو قلعو), formally known as Fort Ahmadabad, is a fort located in the town of Kot Diji in Khairpur District, Pakistan about 25 miles east of the Indus River at the edge of the Nara-Rajisthan Desert.	Kot Diji Fort	Pakistan
country	Semeli (Greek: Σεμέλη) is a settlement in the Xanthi regional unit of Greece, part of the community of Toxotes.	Semeli	Greece
country	Imathia (Greek: Ημαθία (imaˈθia)) is one of the regional units of Greece.	Imathia	Greece
country	Located south of Vangunu Island in the Solomon Islands, it is named after a sea god of the New Georgia Group islanders, and is also referred to locally as Rejo te Kavachi (``Kavachi's oven'').	Kavachi	Solomon Islands
country	Brychon or Vrychonas (Ancient Greek: Βρύχων, Modern Greek: Βρύχωνας, English translation: ``the roaring one'') was the name of two different small rivers in Greece.	Brychon	Greece
country	The Oste-Hamme Canal or Hamme-Oste Canal is a canal in north Germany, that links the rivers Oste and Hamme.	Oste-Hamme Canal	Germany
country	Atbulaq (also, Atbulak) is a village and municipality in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Atbulaq	Azerbaijan
country	The Kupa Piti Kungka Tjuta is a council of Senior Aboriginal Women from Coober Pedy, South Australia.	Kupa Piti Kungka Tjuta	Australia
country	Maradugao River (also called Maridugao and Maridagao) is a river that serves as a natural boundary between the provinces of Bukidnon and Lanao del Sur in Mindanao in southern Philippines.	Maradugao River	Philippines
country	Take 3 - A Clean Beach Initiative is a non-profit organisation based on the Central Coast of New South Wales, Australia.	Take 3	Australia
country	Supetar (Croatian pronunciation: (sǔpetar), Italian: San Pietro della Brazza) is a town and a city on the northern side of the Dalmatian island of Brač, in the Split-Dalmatia County, in Croatia.	Supetar	Croatia
country	Nea Santa (Greek: Νέα Σάντα, old name Volovot until 1926), is a small town in Kilkis regional unit, in the Central Macedonia region of Greece.	Nea Santa	Greece
country	Sutton Park School is an independent or private co-education multi-denominational school located just off Saint Fintan's Road in Sutton at the city side of Howth Head on the Northside of Dublin, Ireland.	Sutton Park School	Ireland
country	Daegu Baseball Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Daegu, South Korea.	Daegu Baseball Stadium	South Korea
country	Klang Island is an island in Selangor, Malaysia with an area of 2.70 km², covered by mangrove swamps.	Klang Island	Malaysia
country	Hay County was one of the 26 counties of Western Australia that were designated in 1829 as cadastral divisions.	Hay County	Australia
country	The R. L. Hearn Generating Station was the site of Canada's first 100 MW steam turbo-generator set.	Hearn Generating Station	Canada
country	Sapareva Banya (Bulgarian: Сапарева баня, transliterated Sapareva banya) is a town in southwestern Bulgaria, part of Kyustendil Province.	Sapareva Banya	Bulgaria
country	Ceará-Mirim is city in Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil.	Ceará-Mirim	Brazil
country	Dhunni is a village in Kharian Tehsil, Gujrat District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Dhunni	Pakistan
country	Draga pri Šentrupertu (pronounced (ˈdɾaːɡa pɾi ʃɛnˈtɾuːpɛɾtu) or (ˈdɾaːɡa pɾi ʃənˈtɾuːpɛɾtu)) is a village northwest of Šentrupert in southeastern Slovenia.	Draga pri Šentrupertu	Slovenia
country	The Barasch Brothers' Department Store (German: Warenhaus Gebrüder Barasch) is the original name of a department store in Wrocław, Poland (then Breslau, Germany), located between the eastern side of the market square and the Ulica Szewska (German: Schuhbrücke).	Barasch Brothers' Department Store	Poland
country	Balatonfűzfő is a town at the northeast corner of Lake Balaton in Hungary.	Balatonfűzfő	Hungary
country	M'Chigeeng First Nation, also known as West Bay, is an Ojibwe First Nation band government in the Manitoulin District of Ontario, Canada.	M'Chigeeng First Nation	Canada
country	Redonda Beach (Praia Redonda in Portuguese, lit. ``Round Beach'') is an extensive maritime beach of Póvoa de Varzim in Portugal and the city's most southeasterly beach.	Redonda Beach	Portugal
country	Wielmoża (vjɛlˈmɔʐa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sułoszowa, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Wielmoża	Poland
country	Middle Ramu District is a district in the southwest of Madang Province in Papua New Guinea.	Middle Ramu District	Papua New Guinea
country	The National Bank of the Kyrgyz Republic (Kyrgyz: Кыргыз Республикасынын Улуттук Банкы,Kyrgyz Respublikasynyn Uluttuk Banky) is the central bank of Kyrgyzstan.	National Bank of the Kyrgyz Republic	Kyrgyzstan
country	Vazeilles-Limandre is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France in the region Auvergne.	Vazeilles-Limandre	France
country	Wah railway station (Urdu: واہ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Wah town, Rawalpindi district of Punjab province of the Pakistan.	Wah railway station	Pakistan
country	Lopare (Serbian Cyrillic: Лопаре) is a town and municipality in Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Lopare	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Kočarim (Serbian: Кочарим) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kočarim	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Corrib gas project (Irish: Tionscanamh Ghás Aiceanta na Coiribe) entails the extraction of a natural gas deposit off the northwest coast of Ireland.	Corrib gas project	Ireland
country	Artists' Television Access (ATA) is a non-profit art gallery and screening venue in San Francisco's Mission District in the United States of America.	Artists' Television Access	United States of America
country	Julius Nyerere University of Kankan (UJNK), also known as Université de Kankan is a university in Kankan, Guinea.	Julius Nyerere University of Kankan	Guinea
country	Mattaur, also known as Kamagata Maru Nagar, is a village in Mohali, India between the 70 and 71 sectors of Mohali.	Mattaur	India
country	Ipele (Yoruba: Ìpélè. Dialect: Ùpélè) is a town in Owo Local Government in Ondo State, South-Western Nigeria.	Ipele	Nigeria
country	Arette (Areta in Occitan) is a French commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of southwestern France.	Arette	France
country	Thiri Pyissaya (Burmese: သီရိပစ္စယာ, pronounced: (θìɹḭ pjɪʔsəjà); also spelled Thiri Pyitsaya and Siripaccaya) is a classical name of the city of Bagan (Pagan), Myanmar.	Thiri Pyissaya	Myanmar
country	The Hwajeong Museum is a museum in Pyeongchang-dong, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea.	Hwajeong Museum	South Korea
country	Devendrar College of Physiotherapy (Tamil:தேவேந்திரர் உடலியக்க மருத்துவக் கல்லூரி), is a Physiotherapy Medical College in South India, located in the city of Tirunelveli, Ariyakulam in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Devendrar College of Physiotherapy	India
country	The World Exchange Plaza is an office and retail building in Downtown Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	World Exchange Plaza	Canada
country	The Californio era was from the first Spanish presence established by the Portolá expedition in 1769 until the region's cession to the United States of America in 1848.	Californio	United States of America
country	Parry Sound Area Municipal Airport, (IATA: YPD, TC LID: CNK4), is located 12 nautical miles (22 km; 14 mi) southeast of Parry Sound, Ontario, Canada.	Parry Sound Area Municipal Airport	Canada
country	Nyandoma (Russian: Ня́ндома) is a town and the administrative center of Nyandomsky District in Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia, located 347 kilometers (216 mi) south of Arkhangelsk, the administrative center of the oblast.	Nyandoma	Russia
country	Lohača (pronounced (lɔˈxaːtʃa)) is a small village in the hills west of Planina in the Municipality of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Lohača	Slovenia
country	The Health Products and Food Branch (HPFB) of Health Canada manages the health-related risks and benefits of health products and food by minimizing risk factors while maximizing the safety provided by the regulatory system.	Health Products and Food Branch	Canada
country	Kritou Marottou (Greek: Κρίτου Μαρόττου) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 2 km east of Fyti.	Kritou Marottou	Cyprus
country	Mishamandan (Persian: ميشامندان‎, also Romanized as Mīshāmandān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Mishamandan	Iran
country	Nipissing University is a public liberal arts university located in North Bay, Ontario, Canada, on a 720-acre (290 ha) site overlooking Lake Nipissing.	Nipissing University	Canada
country	Glasnevin (Irish: Glas Naíon, meaning ``stream of the infants'', also known as Glas Naedhe, meaning ``stream of O'Naeidhe'' after an ancient chieftain) is a largely residential middle-class neighbourhood of Dublin, Ireland.	Glasnevin	Ireland
country	Grušena (pronounced (ˈɡɾuːʃɛna)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills above Jurij ob Pesnici in the Municipality of Kungota in the western part of the Slovene Hills (Slovene: Slovenske gorice) in northeastern Slovenia.	Grušena	Slovenia
country	Gummerup is a place in Glamsbjerg municipality on the island of Funen, central Denmark.	Gummerup	Denmark
country	Erbil International Airport (IATA: EBL, ICAO: ORER), is the main airport of Erbil city in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq.	Erbil International Airport	Iraq
country	Afak (Arabic: عفك‎) is a town in Al Diwaniyah Governorate, Iraq.	Afak	Iraq
country	The Rotterdam University of Applied Sciences (Dutch: Hogeschool Rotterdam) is a vocational university located in the city of Rotterdam, Netherlands.	Rotterdam University of Applied Sciences	Netherlands
country	Alappuzha ( pronunciation ), also known as Alleppey, is the administrative headquarters of Alappuzha District of Kerala state of southern India.	Alappuzha	India
country	Wola Głupicka (ˈvɔla ɡwuˈpit͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drużbice, within Bełchatów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Głupicka	Poland
country	Belirang-Beriti is a volcanic complex that rises above the Semalako Plain in the southwest of Sumatra, Indonesia.	Belirang-Beriti	Indonesia
country	Wase Rock is a massive dome shaped rocky inselberg found near Wase town in Wase Local Government Area of Plateau State in central Nigeria.	Wase Rock	Nigeria
country	Padangbai is a small town in eastern Bali, Indonesia near Candidasa.	Padangbai	Indonesia
country	Zolochiv (Ukrainian: Золочів, Polish: Złoczów, Yiddish: זלאָטשאָוו‎, Zlotchov) is a small city of district significance in Lviv Oblast of Ukraine, the administrative center of Zolochiv Raion.	Zolochiv	Ukraine
country	In 1859 it became part of the newly formed Italy as Montecchio Emilia.	Montecchio Emilia	Italy
country	Tuliszków (tuˈliʂkuf) is a town in Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, Poland, with 3,406 inhabitants (2004).	Tuliszków	Poland
country	Berettyóújfalu is a town in Hajdú-Bihar county, in center of the Northern Great Plain region of eastern Hungary.	Berettyóújfalu	Hungary
country	Herstelle Abbey, otherwise Abbey of the Holy Cross, Herstelle, is a house of Benedictine nuns in Herstelle, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Herstelle Abbey	Germany
country	Castel San Giovanni (Piacentine dialect: Castél San Giuàn) is a town and comune in the province of Piacenza, Emilia-Romagna, Italy.	Castel San Giovanni	Italy
country	Nagri Bala is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in the Hazara province of Pakistan.	Nagri Bala	Pakistan
country	Map Ta Phut (Thai: มาบตาพุด) is a town (thesaban mueang) in Rayong Province, Thailand.	Map Ta Phut	Thailand
country	Imini River (Arabic: نهر اميني‎) is a river in Morocco, located at 30.9666667°N 7.0833333°W. It flows from eastern Atlas Mountains and enters Ouarzazate River, which enters Draa River.	Imini River	Morocco
country	Sogge Bridge (Norwegian: Sogge bru) is a truss bridge crossing Rauma in Rauma, Norway, carrying County Road 63.	Sogge Bridge	Norway
country	Kojtryny (kɔi̯ˈtrɨnɨ) (German: Kattreinen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kojtryny	Poland
country	Bechem is a small town and is the capital of Tano South district of the Brong Ahafo Region of Ghana, and Bechem is the district capital for the Tano South Constituency.	Bechem	Ghana
country	The Carol I National Defence University (Romanian: Universitatea Naţională de Apărare ``Carol I'' (UNAp)) is an institution of higher education, located in Bucharest, Romania.	Carol I National Defence University	Romania
country	Manitoba Centennial Centre is an arts centre in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, it began as an urban renewal program in 1960.	Manitoba Centennial Centre	Canada
country	Ehmej (Arabic: إهمج‎; also spelled Ihmij) is a municipality in the Jbeil District of Mount Lebanon Governorate, Lebanon.	Ehmej	Lebanon
country	Kaviyoor Mahadevar Temple is one of the important Siva temples in Kerala, located in Kaviyoor, Pathanamthitta District, Kerala, India.	Kaviyoor Mahadevar Temple	India
country	Jérez del Marquesado is a municipality in the province of Granada, southern Spain.	Jérez del Marquesado	Spain
country	Yayamari (other names: Ambrocca or Ambroja in hispanicized spellings or Montura) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 6,049 metres (19,846 ft) high.	Yayamari	Peru
country	The Kugelbake (German: Ball Beacon) is a historic aid to navigation in the city of Cuxhaven, Germany, at the northernmost point of Lower Saxony, where the River Elbe flows into the North Sea.	Kugelbake	Germany
country	Nkandla Local Municipality is an administrative area in the uThungulu District of KwaZulu-Natal province in South Africa.	Nkandla Local Municipality	South Africa
country	Qazdeh (Persian: قاضده‎, also Romanized as Qāẕdeh; also known as Fāẕdeh and Ghāzdeh) is a village in Kasma Rural District, in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Qazdeh	Iran
country	Frankfurt Airport (IATA: FRA, ICAO: EDDF) (German: Flughafen Frankfurt am Main, also known as Rhein-Main-Flughafen) is a major international airport located in Frankfurt, the fifth-largest city of Germany and one of the world's leading financial centres.	Frankfurt Airport	Germany
country	Talish-i Gushtasbi is the historical name of the northern Talysh area, presently a part of the Republic of Azerbaijan.	Talish-i Gushtasbi	Azerbaijan
country	The Meratus Dayak inhabit the Meratus Mountains of South Kalimantan, Indonesia.	Meratus Dayak	Indonesia
country	Akbarabad-e Chalus (Persian: اكبرابادچالوس‎, also Romanized as Akbarābād-e Chālūs) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Akbarabad-e Chalus	Iran
country	Kluczkowo (klut͡ʂˈkɔvɔ) (formerly German Klützkow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdwin, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kluczkowo	Poland
country	Palácio de Lahane (Lahane Palace) is an historic building in East Timor.	Palácio de Lahane	East Timor
country	Vitali Island is the largest of the 28 offshore islands that constitute the city of Zamboanga in the Republic of the Philippines.	Vitali Island	Philippines
country	Club Sportivo Independiente Rivadavia (mostly known simply as Independiente Rivadavia) is a football club from Mendoza, Argentina.	Independiente Rivadavia	Argentina
country	Mangakino is a small town on the banks of the Waikato River in the North Island of New Zealand.	Mangakino	New Zealand
country	Sens Cathedral (French: Cathédrale Saint-Étienne de Sens) is a Catholic cathedral in Sens in Burgundy, eastern France.	Sens Cathedral	France
country	Kokkino Chorio (or ``Red Village'') is a village situated in the Chania regional unit of Crete, Greece.	Kokkino Chorio	Greece
country	Kempraten-Lenggis is a village (Kirchdorf) within the municipality of Rapperswil-Jona, Wahlkreis (constituency) of See-Gaster in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.	Kempraten	Switzerland
country	Czyżew (ˈt͡ʂɨʐɛf) is a town in Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Czyżew	Poland
country	Corus Quay, originally named First Waterfront Place, is an eight-storey commercial office tower located on a 2.5-acre (1.0 ha) waterfront site in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Corus Quay	Canada
country	Chah-e Beyki (Persian: چاه بيكي‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Beykī) is a village in Dehshir Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Chah-e Beyki	Iran
country	Strokestown, historically called Bellanamullia and Bellanamully (Irish: Béal na mBuillí), is a town in County Roscommon, Ireland.	Strokestown	Ireland
country	Lucrinus Lacus, or Lucrine Lake (Italian: Lago di Lucrino) is a lake of Campania, southern Italy, less than one kilometre to the south of Lake Avernus.	Lucrinus Lacus	Italy
country	Vatani Stadium (Persian: ورزشگاه وطنی‎) is a multi-use stadium in Qa'em Shahr, Iran.	Vatani Stadium	Iran
country	Jaktorów (jakˈtɔruf) is a village in Grodzisk Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jaktorów	Poland
country	Hrast pri Jugorju (pronounced (ˈxɾaːst pɾi ˈjuːɡɔɾju); German: Hrast bei Jugorje) is a settlement in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Hrast pri Jugorju	Slovenia
country	Shenasvand (Persian: شناسوند‎, also Romanized as Shenāsvand, Chanāsvand, Chanasband, Chenasband, Chenāsvand, Chinasband, Shanāsfand, Shenāsband, and Shenāsfand) is a village in Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Shenasvand	Iran
country	Courcelles-en-Bassée is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region.	Courcelles-en-Bassée	France
country	Sagrado is nearby the Monte San Michele, the seat of fierce fightings between Italy and Austria-Hungary during World War I.	Sagrado	Italy
country	Sarahart (Armenian: Սարահարթ, also romanized as Sarahart'' and Saraart; formerly, Gyullidzha) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Sarahart	Armenia
country	Lake Čepić (Croatian: Čepićko jezero, Raško, Kožljansko, Sisolsko, Italian: Lago d'Arsa) was the only natural lake in Istria, Croatia.	Lake Čepić	Croatia
country	The Melbourne Track Classic is an annual outdoor track and field meeting which takes place in early March in Melbourne, Australia.	Melbourne Track Classic	Australia
country	Severouralsk Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Североуральск) (ICAO: USSE) is an airport in Russia located 6 km southeast of Severouralsk.	Severouralsk Airport	Russia
country	Sant Roc, also known as Sant Roc d'Amer, Sant Roc de la Barroca and Grony, is a mountain of the Catalan Transversal Range, Catalonia, Spain.	Sant Roc d'Amer	Spain
country	Choghar Chuiyeh (Persian: چغارچوئيه‎, also Romanized as Choghār Chū’īyeh; also known as Chagharchūn, Choghāchū’īyeh, Choghār Chūn, and Jagharchūn) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Choghar Chuiyeh	Iran
country	The Yahudi Hamam (Greek: Γιαχουντί Χαμάμ) is an Ottoman-era bath in Thessaloniki, Greece.	Yahudi Hamam	Greece
country	Poltringen Airfield is a private airfield located in Poltringen, which belongs to the town of Ammerbuch, Germany.	Poltringen Airfield	Germany
country	The former Rydal Bank Church, also known as the Rydal Bank Presbyterian Church and the Rydal Bank United Church, is an historic Carpenter Gothic-style church building located at 1634 Highway 638, in Rydal Bank in the township of Plummer Additional, north of Bruce Mines, Ontario, Canada.	Rydal Bank Church	Canada
country	The HAN University of Applied Sciences (Hogeschool van Arnhem en Nijmegen in Dutch), often abbreviated as HAN, is a vocational university of applied sciences with campuses in Arnhem and Nijmegen in the Netherlands.	HAN University of Applied Sciences	Netherlands
country	Isla Escudo de Veraguas is a small (4.3 km2) isolated Caribbean island of the Republic of Panama.	Isla Escudo de Veraguas	Panama
country	Zscheiplitz is a village in the southern part of Sachsen-Anhalt, Germany, former site of a Benedictine Monastery and an aristocratic residence.	Zscheiplitz	Germany
country	Gallician is a village in the commune of Vauvert in the département of Gard, in the region of Languedoc-Roussillon, southern France.	Gallician	France
country	Montana Wines is New Zealand's largest wine company, owning vineyards in Gisborne, Hawkes Bay, Marlborough, and Waipara.	Montana Wines	New Zealand
country	Adaran Rural District (Persian: دهستان آدران‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Asara District, Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Adaran Rural District	Iran
country	Kambut, sometimes is known as Gambut, is a village in eastern Libya, some 50 km (31 mi) east of Tobruk.	Kambut	Libya
country	Mameria is an area of high-altitude jungle to the northeast of the Paucartambo range in southeast Peru, drained by the Mameria river, an affluent of the Nistrón river.	Mameria	Peru
country	Samail (Arabic: سمائل‎) is a Wilayah (town) located in the Ad Dakhiliyah Region of the Sultanate of Oman.	Samail	Oman
country	Nowe Chechło (ˈnɔvɛ ˈxɛxwɔ) (German Neu Chechlau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świerklaniec, within Tarnowskie Góry County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Nowe Chechło	Poland
country	Pikk Hermann or Tall Hermann (German: Langer Hermann) is a tower of the Toompea Castle, on Toompea hill in Tallinn, the capital of Estonia.	Pikk Hermann	Estonia
country	Agios Sozomenos (Greek: Αγιος Σωζόμενος Turkish: Arpalık) is largely deserted village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, located close to the Green Line south of Geri.	Agios Sozomenos	Cyprus
country	Lac du Rotondu (Corsican: Lavu Bellebone) is a lake in Corsica, France.	Lac du Rotondu	France
country	The Galwan River flows from southern Xinjiang region of China to Jammu and Kashmir of India.	Galwan River	India
country	The Ottawa Business Journal is a regional business publication serving Canada's National Capital Region.	Ottawa Business Journal	Canada
country	The Merwede (etymology uncertain, possibly derived from the ancient Dutch Merwe or Merowe, a word meaning ``wide water'') is the name of several connected stretches of river in The Netherlands, between the cities of Woudrichem, Dordrecht and Papendrecht.	Merwede	Netherlands
country	Podreča (pronounced (pɔˈdɾeːtʃa); in older sources also Podreče, German: Podretsche) is a village on the right bank of the Sava River in the City Municipality of Kranj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Podreča	Slovenia
country	The Staatstheater Kassel is a state-owned and -operated theater in Kassel, Germany.	Staatstheater Kassel	Germany
country	Brežice railway station (Slovene: Železniška postaja Brežice) is the principal railway station serving Brežice, Slovenia.	Brežice railway station	Slovenia
country	Pokak is a village in Indonesia It is part of the Ceper sub-district of Klaten It is separated into two sub-village, Pokak and Tegal Duwur, separated by vast farmland, Pokak then divided further into West and East Pokak.	Pokak	Indonesia
country	Boyang (simplified Chinese: 播扬; traditional Chinese: 播揚; pinyin: Bōyáng) is a town in southwestern Guangdong province, People's Republic of China, located near the border with Guangxi.	Boyang	People's Republic of China
country	Zijpe ( pronunciation ) is a former municipality in the Netherlands, in the province of North Holland.	Zijpe	Netherlands
country	Santa Ana del Yacuma (short: Santa Ana) is a town in the Beni Department in north-eastern Bolivia.	Santa Ana del Yacuma	Bolivia
country	The Estadio Feliciano Cáceres, is a football stadium in the city of Luque, Paraguay.	Estadio Feliciano Cáceres	Paraguay
country	Mazraeh-ye Pir Veysabad (Persian: مزرعه پيرويس اباد‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Pīr Veysābād) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Pir Veysabad	Iran
country	The Greater London Built-up Area or Greater London Urban Area is the conurbation or continuous urban area of London, United Kingdom, as defined by the Office for National Statistics.	Greater London Built-up Area	United Kingdom
country	Dowlai (Persian: دولايي‎, also Romanized as Dowlā’ī and Do Lā’ī; also known as Dollā’ī) is a village in Seyyed Shahab Rural District, in the Central District of Tuyserkan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Dowlai	Iran
country	Śledziejowice (ɕlɛd͡ʑɛjɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczka, within Wieliczka County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Śledziejowice	Poland
country	Kholard (Persian: خلرد‎) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District, Chahardangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kholard	Iran
country	Kanali (Greek: Κανάλι) is a seaside village and a community in the Preveza regional unit, northwestern Greece.	Kanali	Greece
country	Schöckl Transmitter is a facility for FM- and TV-transmission on the Schöckl Mountain in Steiermark, Austria.	Schöckl Transmitter	Austria
country	The FV4034 Challenger 2 is a British main battle tank (MBT) in service with the armies of the United Kingdom and Oman.	Challenger 2	United Kingdom
country	N'zeto Airport (IATA: ARZ, ICAO: FNZE) is an airport serving N'zeto, Angola.	N'zeto Airport	Angola
country	Khon Kaen Wittayayon School (Thai: โรงเรียนขอนแก่นวิทยายน) is a public school located in downtown Khon Kaen Province, Thailand.	Khon Kaen Wittayayon School	Thailand
country	Khirokitia (sometimes spelled Choirokoitia; Greek: Χοιροκοιτία (çiɾociˈti.a), Turkish: Hirokitya) is an archaeological site on the island of Cyprus dating from the Neolithic age.	Khirokitia	Cyprus
country	Cergău (German: Schergied; Hungarian: Cserged) is a commune located in Alba County, Romania.	Cergău	Romania
country	Voronezh State Medical University named after N. N. Burdenko (former Voronezh State Medical Academy) is located in Voronezh, Russia.	Voronezh State Medical University named after N. N. Burdenko	Russia
country	Kallehusi (Persian: كلهوسي‎, also Romanized as Kallehūsī) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kallehusi	Iran
country	Abnama Rural District (Persian: دهستان آب نما‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Abnama Rural District	Iran
country	El Mourouj (Arabic: المروج) is a town and commune in the southern suburbs of Tunis in the Ben Arous Governorate, Tunisia.	El Mourouj	Tunisia
country	Qarah Qayah-ye Shakarlu (Persian: قره قيه شكرلو‎, also Romanized as Qarah Qayah-ye Shakarlū; also known as Qarah Qayah) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District, Hurand District, Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qarah Qayah-ye Shakarlu	Iran
country	Nukapu is one of the islands of the nation of Solomon Islands.	Nukapu	Solomon Islands
country	The Lappeenranta railway station (Finnish: Lappeenrannan rautatieasema, Swedish language: Villmanstrands järnvägsstation) is located in the city of Lappeenranta in Finland.	Lappeenranta railway station	Finland
country	The Alfenz river is approximately 26 kilometres long and is the largest river in the Klostertal in Austria.	Alfenz	Austria
country	Primorsko (Bulgarian: Приморско) is a town and seaside resort in southeastern Bulgaria, part of Burgas Province.	Primorsko	Bulgaria
country	Merritt Mountain Music Festival was an outdoor music festival in Merritt, British Columbia, Canada.	Merritt Mountain Music Festival	Canada
country	Senise is a town in southern Italy, in a region called Basilicata.	Senise	Italy
country	Gökova is a municipality (belde) in the district of Ula in Muğla Province, Turkey.	Gökova	Turkey
country	Al Shamiya (Arabic: الشامية‎) is a suburb of Kuwait City.	Al Shamiya	Kuwait
country	Windpark Noordoostpolder is an onshore and near-shore wind farm under construction in Flevoland, the Netherlands.	Windpark Noordoostpolder	Netherlands
country	The Château de Péronne is a partly ruined castle in the commune of Péronne in the Somme département of France.	Château de Péronne	France
country	Gaasperplas is an artificial lake used for recreational purposes south-east of Amsterdam in the Netherlands.	Gaasperplas	Netherlands
country	The Fritzerkogel is a mountain in the Tennengebirge (Tennen Mountain Range) in the northern Limestone Alps, Austria.	Fritzerkogel	Austria
country	Yerevan State Institute of Theatre and Cinematography (previously known as Yerevan State Institute of Theatrical Arts and Yerevan State Institute of Theatre and Fine Arts) or YSITC is a public education institute and non-profit organization located in Yerevan, Armenia.	Yerevan State Institute of Theatre and Cinematography	Armenia
country	Qaqortuatsiaq is a former settlement on the northern shore of Appat Island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Qaqortuatsiaq	Greenland
country	Started in 1935 by Wallace Seccombe's Current Publications, Quill & Quire's original editorial focus was on office supplies and stationery, with books taking on increasing importance only as Canada's fledgling indigenous book publishing industry began to grow and flourish.	Quill & Quire	Canada
country	Baraki Rajan (Dari/Pashtun: برکی راجان) is a town within the Baraki Barak District of Logar Province, Afghanistan.	Baraki Rajan	Afghanistan
country	Nimba National Forest is a national forest in Nimba County, Liberia.	Nimba National Forest	Liberia
country	Mount Bangeta, also known as Mount Sarawaget, is the highest mountain in Morobe Province, Papua New Guinea.	Mount Bangeta	Papua New Guinea
country	Chabrillan is a commune of the Drôme département in southeastern France.	Chabrillan	France
country	The Bataafs Lyceum is a public high school in Hengelo, Netherlands.	Bataafs Lyceum	Netherlands
country	Duhallow (Irish: Dúiche Ealla) is a barony located in the north-western part of County Cork, Ireland.	Duhallow	Ireland
country	Toronto Harbour or Toronto Bay is a bay on the north shore of Lake Ontario, in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Toronto Harbour	Canada
country	Kalateh-ye Aqa Nabi (Persian: كلاته اقانبي‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Āqā Nabī) is a village in Badranlu Rural District, in the Central District of Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Aqa Nabi	Iran
country	Phước Sơn Temple (Chùa Phước Sơn, Vietnamese: Chùa Thập Tháp Di-Đà or Thập Tháp Di-Đà Tự) is a historic 19th-century temple in Phú Yên Province in south central Vietnam.	Phước Sơn Temple	Vietnam
country	Grudza (ˈɡrud͡za) (German: Birngrütz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mirsk, within Lwówek Śląski County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Grudza	Poland
country	Mount Stirling is a mountain in the Victorian Alps of the Great Dividing Range, located in the Hume region of Victoria, Australia.	Mount Stirling	Australia
country	Arzuiyeh (Persian: ارزوئيه‎, also Romanized as Arzū’īyeh, Arzoo’eyeh, Orzū’īyeh, ``Orsū’īyeh, and Ozū’īyeh; also known as Ārzū) is a city in and the capital of Arzuiyeh County, in Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 5,668, in 1,286 families.	Arzuiyeh	Iran
country	Roztropna (rɔsˈtrɔpna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sucha, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Roztropna	Poland
country	Karl XII-øya (English: Carl XII Island) is an island north of Nordaustlandet, Svalbard, Norway.	Karl XII-øya	Norway
country	Yérétiélé is a village in northwestern Ivory Coast.	Yérétiélé	Ivory Coast
country	Īslīce parish (Latvian: Īslīces pagasts) is an administrative unit of Bauska Municipality, Latvia.	Īslīce parish	Latvia
country	Abalak (or Abalagh) is a town located in the Tahoua Region, Abalak Department of northern Niger.	Abalak	Niger
country	Arokpa is a coastal village in south-western Ivory Coast.	Arokpa	Ivory Coast
country	Canberra Symphony Orchestra (CSO) is the professional orchestra of the Australian Capital Territory based in Canberra, the national capital of Australia.	Canberra Symphony Orchestra	Australia
country	Tallink is an Estonian shipping company currently operating Baltic Sea cruiseferries and ropax ships from Estonia to Finland, Estonia to Sweden, Latvia to Sweden and Finland to Sweden.	Tallink	Estonia
country	Drehnow (Lower Sorbian: Drjenow, Polish Drzonów) is a municipality in the district of Spree-Neiße, in Brandenburg, Germany.	Drehnow	Germany
country	Resava Cave (Serbian: Ресавска пећина, Resavska pećina) or Resavska Cave is a cave near Jelovac in eastern Serbia, about 20 km from Despotovac.	Resava Cave	Serbia
country	Durrat Al-Arus is an integrated tourist village built in 1996 around 40 kilometers north of Jeddah center (Saudi Arabia) in the very old village ``Dahaban'', which is now a part of the Jeddah city.	Durrat Al-Arus	Saudi Arabia
country	The Munich massacre was an attack during the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany, at which eleven Israeli Olympic team members were taken hostage and eventually killed, along with a German police officer, by the Palestinian group Black September.	Munich massacre	Germany
country	Zirrah Rural District (Persian: دهستان زيرراه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Sadabad District, Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Zirrah Rural District	Iran
country	Velké Meziříčí (Czech pronunciation: (ˈvɛlkɛː ˈmɛzɪr̝iːtʃiː); German: Groß Meseritsch) is a town in the Vysočina Region, Czech Republic.	Velké Meziříčí	Czech Republic
country	Ahghuk (Persian: اهجوك‎, also Romanized as Āhghūk, Āhchūk, and Ah Chūk) is a village in Korond Rural District, in the Central District of Boshruyeh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ahghuk	Iran
country	Górka Wąsoska (ˈɡurka vɔ̃ˈsɔska) (German: Gurkau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Górka Wąsoska	Poland
country	RCAF Station Grostenquin, also known as 2 (Fighter) Wing or 2 Wing, was a Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) station located five km north of the town of Grostenquin in the Moselle department, Lorraine, northeastern France.	RCAF Station Grostenquin	France
country	La Morella or Morella is a mountain located in Begues municipality, Catalonia, Spain.	La Morella	Spain
country	Salinko (saˈlinkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewino, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Salinko	Poland
country	Manas International Airport (Kyrgyz: Манас эл аралык аэропорту) (IATA: FRU (БИШ), ICAO: UCFM)(formerly UAFM) is the main international airport in Kyrgyzstan located 25 kilometres (16 mi) north-northwest of the capital Bishkek.	Manas International Airport	Kyrgyzstan
country	The Metropoolregio Eindhoven (MRE; English: Eindhoven Metropolitan Region), until 1 January 2014 the Samenwerkingsverband Regio Eindhoven (SRE; English: Cooperative union for the Region of Eindhoven) is a regional governmental agency for the city region of Eindhoven, Netherlands.	Metropoolregio Eindhoven	Netherlands
country	Heravan (Persian: هروان‎, also Romanized as Heravān) is a village in Dizajrud-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ajab Shir County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Heravan	Iran
country	Čajniče (Serbian Cyrillic: Чајниче, pronounced (tʃâːjniːtʃɛ)) is a town and municipality in Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Čajniče	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Id Gah Mosque or Eid Gah Mosque is the second largest mosque in Kabul, the capital of Afghanistan.	Id Gah Mosque	Afghanistan
country	Pampatar is a city on Isla Margarita, Nueva Esparta State, Venezuela.	Pampatar	Venezuela
country	Clusone (Clüsü in Bergamasque dialect) is an Italian town and comune in the province of Bergamo, Lombardy, Italy.	Clusone	Italy
country	The Morelos railway accident occurred on 23 June 1881 near Cuautla, Morelos in Mexico when an entire train plunged into the San Antonio river, killing over 200 people.	Morelos railway accident	Mexico
country	Zielonówek (ʑɛlɔˈnuvɛk) (German: Grüneberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olecko, within Olecko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Zielonówek	Poland
country	Miami Platja (Catalan pronunciation: (miˈami ˈpɫadʒə)) is a coastal resort about 30 km south of Tarragona, in Catalonia, north-east Spain.	Miami Platja	Spain
country	Vadamarachchi (Tamil: வடமராட்சி Vaṭamarāṭci, Sinhalese: වැදි මුරැකිය) is one of the three historic regions of Jaffna peninsula in northern Sri Lanka.	Vadamarachchi	Sri Lanka
country	The Sidrón Cave (Spanish: Cueva de El Sidrón) is an ancient cave in Piloña municipality, Asturias, northwestern Spain, where Paleolithic rock art and Neanderthal remains have been found.	Sidrón Cave	Spain
country	Puka Suntu (Quechua puka red, suntu heap, pile, ``red heap'', hispanicized spelling Pucasunto) is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,200 metres (17,060 ft) high.	Puka Suntu	Peru
country	Toshiba Samsung Storage Technology Corporation (abbreviated TSST) is an international joint venture company of Toshiba (Japan) and Samsung Electronics (South Korea).	Toshiba Samsung Storage Technology	Japan
country	Mae Kham Pong is a small village in Mae On District, Chiang Mai Province, approx. 55km north of the city of Chiang Mai, in Northern Thailand.	Mae Kham Pong	Thailand
country	Urqunqucha (Quechua urqu male / mountain, -n a suffix, qucha lake, ``lake of the male'' or ``lake of the mountain'', hispanicized spelling Orconccocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Ayacucho Region, Lucanas Province, in the districts Chipao and Puquio.	Urqunqucha	Peru
country	Qeshlaq-e Jalilabad (Persian: قشلاق جليل اباد‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Jalīlābād) is a village in Jalilabad Rural District, Jalilabad District, Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Jalilabad	Iran
country	El Obeid Airport (IATA: EBD, ICAO: HSOB) is an airport serving El Obeid (Al-Ubayyid), the capital city of the North Kurdufan state in Sudan.	El Obeid Airport	Sudan
country	Capaccio Airfield is an abandoned military airfield in Italy, located about 7 km west of Capaccio in southern Italy.	Capaccio Airfield	Italy
country	Chiya Dam (Japanese: 千屋ダム) is a dam in Niimi, Okayama Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1998.	Chiya Dam	Japan
country	Moštenica is a village and municipality in Banská Bystrica District in the Banská Bystrica Region of central Slovakia.	Moštenica	Slovakia
country	The Port of Turku (Finnish: Turun satama, Swedish: Åbo hamn and English: Turku Harbour) is a port located in the south-west of Finland, where the mainland meets the beginning of the Turku archipelago.	Port of Turku	Finland
country	Bar Aftab-e Silab (Persian: برافتاب سيلاب‎, also Romanized as Bar Āftāb-e Sīlāb) is a village in Zilayi Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Bar Aftab-e Silab	Iran
country	Galešnjak (also called Island of Love, Lover's Island, Otok za zaljubljene) is located in the Pašman channel of the Adriatic, between the islands of Pašman and the town of Turanj on mainland Croatia.	Galešnjak	Croatia
country	The Scherstorklippen is a granite tor (up to 694 m above sea level (NN)) in the Harz Mountains of central Germany.	Scherstorklippen	Germany
country	Sheykh Selu (Persian: شيخ سلو‎, also Romanized as Sheykh Selū; also known as Sheykhsīlū) is a village in Qarah Quyun-e Jonubi Rural District, Qarah Quyun District, Showt County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sheykh Selu	Iran
country	The 2012 European Allround Speed Skating Championships was the 37th continental speed skating event for women and the 106th for men, that was held at the City Park Ice Rink in Budapest, Hungary, from 6 to 8 January 2012.	2012 European Allround Speed Skating Championships	Hungary
country	Khomeh Rural District (Persian: دهستان خمه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Khomeh Rural District	Iran
country	Once completed, the parish priest José Joaquim de Almeida quickly petitioned that Caveira should be elevated to parish, going as far as a petition directly to King John VI of Portugal (dated December 19, 1823).	Caveira	Portugal
country	Brzyczno (ˈbʐɨt͡ʂnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pełczyce, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Brzyczno	Poland
country	The Hinemaiaia Stream is a river of the central North Island of New Zealand.	Hinemaiaia Stream	New Zealand
country	Ödemiş is a district of İzmir Province of Turkey, as well as the name of its central town (urban population 75,577 as of 2012), located 113 km southeast of the city of İzmir.	Ödemiş	Turkey
country	Syndassko is a small settlement in Krasnoyarsk Krai in Russia and has a population of 496.	Syndassko	Russia
country	Dar Darreh Si (Persian: داردره سي‎, also Romanized as Dār Darreh Sī) is a village in Chaldoran-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dar Darreh Si	Iran
country	The Athlete Assistance Program (or carding program) is a program where the Government of Canada (through Sport Canada) provides funding assistance to elite level Canadian athletes.	Athlete Assistance Program	Canada
country	Lauderi Parish (Latvian: Lauderu pagasts) was an administrative unit of the now defunct Ludza District in Latvia.	Lauderi Parish	Latvia
country	Ören Nature Reserve (Swedish: Örens naturreservat) is a nature reserve in Stockholm County in Sweden.	Ören Nature Reserve	Sweden
country	Menaceur is a small town and commune in Algeria, situated about 100 km west of Algiers.	Menaceur	Algeria
country	Brezje v Podbočju (pronounced (ˈbɾeːzjɛ ʍ pɔdˈboːtʃju)) is a small settlement in the Gorjanci Hills in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia, next to the border with Croatia.	Brezje v Podbočju	Slovenia
country	Pallars Sobirà (Catalan pronunciation: (pəˈʎaz suβiˈɾa), locally: (paˈʎaz soβiˈɾa)) is a comarca (comparable to a county or shire in much of the English-speaking world) in the mountainous northwest of Catalonia, Spain.	Pallars Sobirà	Spain
country	The Kapitelsberg in the Harz Mountains of Germany is a hill, 535.7 m above sea level (NN), near the village of Tanne in the county of Harz, Saxony-Anhalt.	Kapitelsberg	Germany
country	The Halfpenny Rose Red, first issued on 1 October 1870, was the first halfpenny postage stamp issued in the United Kingdom.	Halfpenny Rose Red	United Kingdom
country	The Baltoro Muztagh (simplified Chinese: 巴尔托洛慕士塔格山; traditional Chinese: 巴爾托洛慕士塔格山; pinyin: Bā'ěrtuōluò Mùshìtǎgé Shān) is a subrange of the Karakoram mountain range, in Baltistan region of the Gilgit-Baltistan province in northern Pakistan; and in Xinjiang, China and is claimed by India.	Baltoro Muztagh	Pakistan
country	Manitoba Provincial Road 222 (PR 222) is a provincial road in Manitoba, Canada.	Manitoba Provincial Road 222	Canada
country	The River Poddle (Irish: An Poitéal) is a river in County Dublin in Ireland.	River Poddle	Ireland
country	The Oasis Drive-In is a restaurant located in Caledonia, Ontario Canada, at 22 1/2 Argyle Street South.	Oasis Drive-In	Canada
country	Ilha da Conceição (Portuguese for Conception Island) is an island and one of the 48 administrative districts in which the city of Niterói, Rio de Janeiro in Brazil is divided.	Ilha da Conceição	Brazil
country	Zoutelande is a village in the southwest Netherlands.	Zoutelande	Netherlands
country	Tonle Cham Camp (also known as Tonle Cham Special Forces Camp or Tong Le Chon Special Force camp) is a former U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) base southwest of An Lộc in southern Vietnam.	Tonle Cham Camp	Vietnam
country	Kozoluk is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey.	Kozoluk	Turkey
country	Bunovi (Serbian Cyrillic: Бунови) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bunovi	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Osun-Osogbo or Osun-Osogbo Sacred Grove is a sacred forest along the banks of the Osun river just outside the city of Osogbo, Osun State, Nigeria.	Osun-Osogbo	Nigeria
country	Sichów (ˈɕixuf) (German: Seichau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Męcinka, within Jawor County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Sichów	Poland
country	Aşağı Tüləkəran (also, Aşağı Tüləkaran, Ashagy Tyulekiran, Ashagy-Tyulyakeran, and Tyuler) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Aşağı Tüləkəran	Azerbaijan
country	The South Harz Railway Company (German: Südharz-Eisenbahn-Gesellschaft) or SHE was founded in 1897 and, on 15 August 1899, opened a 24 km long, winding and hilly, metre gauge railway from Walkenried via Wieda and Brunnenbachsmühle to Braunlage in the Harz Mountains of central Germany.	South Harz Railway Company	Germany
country	Koleśne (kɔˈlɛɕnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Koleśne	Poland
country	Steingaden Abbey (Kloster Steingaden) was a Premonstratensian monastery in Steingaden in Bavaria, Germany.	Steingaden Abbey	Germany
country	Mashhad (Persian: مشهد‎‎ ; listen ) is the second most populous city in Iran and capital of Razavi Khorasan Province.	Mashhad	Iran
country	The Megalakkos Cave (Greek: Σπήλαιο Μεγάλακκος) is a cave located north of the village of Kleidonia in the Ioannina regional unit, Greece.	Megalakkos	Greece
country	Lake Sinoe is a lagoon in Northern Dobruja, Romania, close to the Black Sea.	Lake Sinoe	Romania
country	San Pedro de Lóvago (Spanish pronunciation: (sam ˈpeðɾo ðe ˈloβaɣo)) is a city in the Chontales Department of Nicaragua.	San Pedro de Lóvago	Nicaragua
country	Emamzadeh Abdollah Rural District (Persian: دهستان امامزاده عبدالله‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Dehferi District, Fereydunkenar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Emamzadeh Abdollah Rural District	Iran
country	Desdunes (Haitian Creole: Dedin) is a commune in the Artibonite Department of Haiti.	Desdunes	Haiti
country	The Charles St. Transit Terminal at 15 Charles Street West in Kitchener, Ontario, Canada is the main bus station and downtown hub for local Grand River Transit (GRT) bus services for Kitchener and Waterloo.	Charles St. Transit Terminal	Canada
country	Jatiuca is a beach and a neighborhood situated in Maceió, capital city of Alagoas state, Brazil.	Jatiuca	Brazil
country	The Sierra Madre de Oaxaca pine-oak forests is an ecoregion of the Tropical and subtropical coniferous forests biome, in Southern Mexico.	Sierra Madre de Oaxaca pine-oak forests	Mexico
country	The Fernando Montes de Oca Fencing Hall is an indoor sports venue located in the Magdalena Mixhuca Sports City area of Mexico City.	Fernando Montes de Oca Fencing Hall	Mexico
country	The Ponsonby Rule was a constitutional convention in the United Kingdom constitutional law that dictated that most international treaties had to be laid before Parliament 21 days before ratification.	Ponsonby Rule	United Kingdom
country	Vuaqava (pronounced (βuaŋˈɡaβa)) is an outlier to Kabara, 5 kilometers to the SSW, in Fiji's Southern Lau Group.	Vuaqava	Fiji
country	The Royal Meteorological Institute of Belgium (French: L'Institut Royal Météorologique de Belgique or IRM; Dutch: Koninklijk Meteorologisch Instituut van België or KMI) is a Belgian federal institute engaged in scientific research in the field of meteorology.	Royal Meteorological Institute	Belgium
country	North Seal River Airport, (TC LID: CEG8), is located on the shore of Egenolf Lake adjacent to North Seal River, Manitoba, Canada.	North Seal River Airport	Canada
country	Hongik-dong is a legal dong, neighbourhood of Seongdong-gu in Seoul, South Korea and governed by its administrative dong, Doseon-dong office.	Hongik-dong	South Korea
country	The United Kingdom Census 2011 demographically showed that the total population of Lisvane was 3,707.	Lisvane	United Kingdom
country	Lake Rabisha (Bulgarian: Рабишко езеро, Rabishko ezero) is the largest inland natural freshwater lake in Bulgaria.	Lake Rabisha	Bulgaria
country	Kureh Jan (Persian: كوره جان‎, also Romanized as Kūreh Jān) is a village in Sheykh Neshin Rural District, Shanderman District, Masal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kureh Jan	Iran
country	Saransk (Russian: Саранск; IPA: (sɐˈransk)) is the capital city of the Republic of Mordovia, Russia, as well as its financial and economic center.	Saransk	Russia
country	Malakand Division was an administrative division of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (North West Frontier Province) of Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government.	Malakand Division	Pakistan
country	Lichnówki Pierwsze (lixˈnufki ˈpjɛrfʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lichnowy, within Malbork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lichnówki Pierwsze	Poland
country	Manwel Dimech Bridge is a beam bridge at San Ġiljan, Malta.	Manwel Dimech Bridge	Malta
country	Brigadier Mayor César Raúl Ojeda Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto de San Luis - Brigadier Mayor César Raúl Ojeda) (IATA: LUQ, ICAO: SAOU) is an airport in San Luis Province, Argentina serving the city of San Luis.	Brigadier Mayor César Raúl Ojeda Airport	Argentina
country	Watergang ( pronunciation , literally ``watercourse'') is a village in the northwest Netherlands.	Watergang	Netherlands
country	Leibo County is a mountainous county of southern Sichuan province, People's Republic of China, along the border with Yunnan.	Leibo County	People's Republic of China
country	Kwangwoon University (or Kwang-Woon or KW) is a private research university in Seoul (Wolgye Dong, Nowon Gu), South Korea.	Kwangwoon University	South Korea
country	Radha Krishna Nagar is one of the oldest colonies in Safilguda locality of Telangana, India.	Radha Krishna Nagar	India
country	The Musselburgh Silver Arrow is reputed to be the oldest sporting trophy in United Kingdom, and is competed for annually by the Royal Company of Archers.	Musselburgh	United Kingdom
country	The Victoria Park Tunnel is a motorway tunnel completed in 2012 on New Zealand State Highway 1 in Auckland, New Zealand, taking northbound traffic off the Victoria Park Viaduct, which was converted to all southbound traffic.	Victoria Park Tunnel	New Zealand
country	Gloggnitz is a mountain town in the Neunkirchen district of Lower Austria, Austria.	Gloggnitz	Austria
country	Kozerki (kɔˈzɛrki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk Mazowiecki, within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kozerki	Poland
country	Brufut, The Gambia is a town located in the Western Division of the Gambia.	Brufut	Gambia
country	Avadi is a suburb city of Chennai and a municipality in Thiruvallur district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Avadi	India
country	Shortacross is a hamlet in the civil parish of Morval in east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Shortacross	United Kingdom
country	The Liberty of Thomas Court and Donore (also known as the Earl of Meath's Liberty) was one of several manors, or liberties, that existed in County Dublin, Ireland since the arrival of the Anglo-Normans in the 12th century.	Liberty of Thomas Court and Donore	Ireland
country	Niamina West is one of the ten districts of the Central River Division in the Gambia.	Niamina West	Gambia
country	Lawngtlai district is one of the eight districts of Mizoram state in India.	Lawngtlai district	India
country	Nuuk Cathedral (Greenlandic: Annaassisitta Oqaluffia) or Church of Our Saviour is a wooden Lutheran cathedral in the Old Nuuk neighborhood of Nuuk, the capital of Greenland.	Nuuk Cathedral	Greenland
country	Husein Sastranegara International Airport (Indonesian: Bandar Udara Internasional Husein Sastranegara) (IATA: BDO, ICAO: WICC) is an airport in Bandung, West Java, Indonesia.	Husein Sastranegara International Airport	Indonesia
country	Pulluvazhy (പുല്ലുവഴി) is a small village in Rayamangalam Grama punchyathu in the Ernakulam district of Kerala state, India.	Pulluvazhy	India
country	AMA Computer University, using the trade name AMA University, is the first ICT university in the Philippines and in Asia.	AMA Computer University	Philippines
country	Brookby is a rural suburb of Auckland, New Zealand.	Brookby	New Zealand
country	Banvit Kara Ali Acar Sport Hall is an indoor arena located in the Bandırma town of Balıkesir Province, Turkey.	Kara Ali Acar Sport Hall	Turkey
country	Sławutowo (swavuˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck, within Puck County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sławutowo	Poland
country	Carcass Island (Spanish: Isla del Rosario) is the largest of the West Point Island Group of the Falkland Islands.	Carcass Island	Falkland Islands
country	XEITE-AM is a radio station in Mexico City, broadcasting on 830 kHz.	XEITE-AM	Mexico
country	Plavnik is an unpopulated islet, belonging to Croatia located between the Central Straits and the Kvarner Bay.	Plavnik	Croatia
country	In 1987 the first municipal wedding venue in Germany located outside of a town hall was established at the Sababurg.	Sababurg	Germany
country	Walkenried (German pronunciation: (valkənˈʁiːt)) is a municipality in the district of Osterode, in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Walkenried	Germany
country	Douneika (Greek: Δουναίικα, also: Δουνέικα - Dounika) is a village and a community in the southern part of the municipal unit of Amaliada in Elis, Greece.	Douneika	Greece
country	The Lanzo Valleys (in Italian Valli di Lanzo, in Piedmontese Valade ëd Lans) is a group of valleys in the north-west of Piedmont in the Province of Turin, Italy.	Lanzo Valleys	Italy
country	Zakrzew-Las (ˈzakʂɛf ˈlas) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Zakrzew-Las	Poland
country	Crim Rocks (Cornish: An Creeban, 'the little reef') is a small group of uninhabited islands in the Isles of Scilly, England, United Kingdom.	Crim Rocks	United Kingdom
country	Zeelandic Flanders (Dutch: Zeeuws-Vlaanderen (ˌzeːu̯sˈflaːndərə(n)), Zeelandic: Zeêuws-Vlaonderen) is the southernmost region of the province of Zeeland in the south-western Netherlands.	Zeelandic Flanders	Netherlands
country	Monterrey International Airport, ceremonial name General Mariano Escobedo International Airport (IATA: MTY, ICAO: MMMY), is an international airport located in Apodaca, Nuevo León, Mexico.	Monterrey International Airport	Mexico
country	The Gyeongju Hyanggyo is a hyanggyo or government-run provincial school during the Goryeo and Joseon periods, which is located the neighborhood of Gyo-dong, Gyeongju, North Gyeongsang province, South Korea.	Gyeongju Hyanggyo	South Korea
country	The Dearing Report, formally known as the reports of the National Committee of Inquiry into Higher Education is a series of major reports into the future of Higher Education in the United Kingdom, published in 1997.	Dearing Report	United Kingdom
country	The WWF-India organised a two-day bird watching programme in 2008 at Kumarakom Bird Sanctuary in connection with World Wetlands Day.	Kumarakom Bird Sanctuary	India
country	Whapmagoostui (Cree: ᐙᐱᒫᑯᔥᑐᐃ/Wâpimâkuštui, ``place of the beluga'') is the northernmost Cree village in Quebec, located at the mouth of the Great Whale River (French: Grande Rivière de la Baleine) on the coast of Hudson Bay in Nunavik, Quebec, Canada.	Whapmagoostui	Canada
country	Bujumbura Rural Province is one of the 18 provinces of Burundi.	Bujumbura Rural Province	Burundi
country	Desamparados is the capital city of Desamparados Canton in the province of San José in Costa Rica.	Desamparados	Costa Rica
country	Western Port, commonly but unofficially known as Western Port Bay, is a large tidal bay in southern Victoria, Australia, opening into Bass Strait.	Western Port	Australia
country	Wiang, Chiang Khong (Thai: เวียง) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Chiang Khong District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Wiang, Chiang Khong	Thailand
country	The Serranía de Chiribiquete or Chiribiquete Mountains are a group of isolated table mountains in the Amazon Region of Colombia.	Serranía de Chiribiquete	Colombia
country	Aurlandsfjord (Norwegian: Aurlandsfjorden) is a fjord in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Aurlandsfjord	Norway
country	Menemen is a district of İzmir Province in Turkey as well as the district's central town.	Menemen	Turkey
country	The Solvær islands are a group of islands in the municipality of Lurøy in Nordland county, Norway.	Solvær	Norway
country	Brochów-Kolonia (ˈbrɔxuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Brochów-Kolonia	Poland
country	Mumfordgunj or Mumfordganj, built in late 1930s, is a neighborhood in Allahabad, India.	Mumfordgunj	India
country	Guntur Institute of Medical Sciences/Guntur Medical College is a medical institute in India.	Guntur Medical College	India
country	Damghan University, also written The University of Damghan (Persian: دانشگاه دامغان‎‎), is a university in the city of Damghan in Semnan province of Iran.	Damghan University	Iran
country	Bikoro is a market town in Équateur Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, lying on Lake Tumba, south of Mbandaka.	Bikoro	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Zakal (pronounced (za'kaːu̯)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills northwest of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Zakal	Slovenia
country	Călărași (Romanian pronunciation: (kələˈraʃʲ)), the capital of Călărași County in the Muntenia region, is situated in south-east Romania, on the bank of Danube's Borcea branch, at about 12 kilometres (7 miles) from the Bulgarian border and 125 kilometres (78 miles)from Bucharest.	Călărași	Romania
country	Alberta (/ælˈbɜːrtə/) is a western province of Canada.	Alberta	Canada
country	Canton Island Airport (IATA: CIS, ICAO: PCIS) is an emergency use airport located on the sparsely populated Kanton Island, in the Phoenix Islands, in the Republic of Kiribati.	Canton Island Airport	Kiribati
country	Ein Hatzeva (Hebrew: עֵין חֲצֵבָה, lit. Hatzeva Spring) is a moshav in the central Arava valley in Israel.	Ein Hatzeva	Israel
country	Rycybałt (rɨˈt͡sɨbau̯t) (German: Rittebalde) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rycybałt	Poland
country	Kowale Księże (kɔˈvalɛ ˈkɕɛ̃ʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turek, within Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kowale Księże	Poland
country	The Casemate de Wittring is a component of the Maginot Line fortifications in northeastern France.	Casemate de Wittring	France
country	Celtic Park, an all-seater stadium with a capacity of 60,411, is the largest football stadium in Scotland and the sixth-largest stadium in the United Kingdom.	Celtic Park	United Kingdom
country	Lake Wohlen (German: Wohlensee) is a reservoir in the Canton of Berne, Switzerland.	Lake Wohlen	Switzerland
country	Alpes Poeninae (alˈpeːs ˈpoe̯nɪnae̯), also known as Alpes Graiae, was a small Alpine province of the Roman Empire, one of three such provinces in the western Alps between Italy and Gaul.	Alpes Poeninae	Italy
country	Piton de la Petite Rivière Noire (Little Black River Peak) is the highest mountain on the island of Mauritius, in the Indian Ocean.	Piton de la Petite Rivière Noire	Mauritius
country	Halat Bu Maher (Arabic: حالة بو ماهر‎) is a neighbourhood of Muharraq, Bahrain.	Halat Bu Maher	Bahrain
country	Spodnja Hajdina (pronounced (ˈspoːdnja xai̯ˈdiːna)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Hajdina in northeastern Slovenia.	Spodnja Hajdina	Slovenia
country	Hronská Breznica (Hungarian: Garamberzence ) is a village and municipality of the Zvolen District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia.	Hronská Breznica	Slovakia
country	Lane Army Airfield (also known as Lane Army Heliport or An Son Airfield) is a former United States Army base west of Qui Nhơn in Bình Định Province, Vietnam.	Lane Army Airfield	Vietnam
country	Sędzin (ˈsɛnd͡ʑin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzewo, within Aleksandrów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Sędzin	Poland
country	Deh Menar (Persian: ده منار‎, also Romanized as Deh Menār) is a village in Roqicheh Rural District, Kadkan District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Deh Menar	Iran
country	Mowtowr-e Jafar (Persian: موتورجعفر‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Jaʿfar) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Jafar	Iran
country	Dobrinj is a municipality in the Primorje-Gorski Kotar County in western Croatia, on the island of Krk.	Dobrinj	Croatia
country	Port Levy is a long, sheltered bay and settlement on Banks Peninsula in Canterbury, New Zealand.	Port Levy	New Zealand
country	Coqeloa is a small village in Fiji.	Coqeloa	Fiji
country	Vadi-e Rahmat (Benefaction Valley) is the name of the main cemetery of Tabriz, Iran.	Vadi-e Rahmat	Iran
country	Romanija (Serbian Cyrillic: Романија) is a mountain and geographical region in eastern Bosnia and Herzegovina, including the main towns of Pale, Sokolac, and Han Pijesak, to the north of Sarajevo.	Romanija	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Pacific American School (PAS) (Chinese: 亞太美國學校) is a private international school founded in 2007 and is located in Hsinchu, Taiwan.	Pacific American School	Taiwan
country	Mouzouras is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Akrotiri, Chania regional unit, on the island of Crete, Greece.	Mouzouras	Greece
country	Alfaguara is a Spanish-language publishing house that serves markets in Latin America, Spain and the United States.	Alfaguara	Spain
country	The Basel Mission tile factory run by the German missionary Plebot (Georg Plebst in reality), was the first Mangalore tile manufacturing factory to be set up in India in 1860 on banks of the Nethravathi river near Morgan's Gate, about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) from the Ullal bridge.	Basel Mission tile factory	India
country	Campion College Australia is Australia's first liberal arts college, offering a Bachelor of Arts in the Liberal Arts.	Campion College	Australia
country	Adomi Bridge is a bridge located in Ghana in West Africa.	Adomi Bridge	Ghana
country	Sar Tang-e Mugarmun (Persian: سرتنگ موگرمون‎, also Romanized as Sar Tang-e Mūgarmūn; also known as Sar Tang-e Āzādī) is a village in Vahdat Rural District, Mugarmun District, Landeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sar Tang-e Mugarmun	Iran
country	Måsøya (Northern Sami: Muosáidsuolu) is an island in Måsøy Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Måsøya	Norway
country	Delhi Public School, Mathura Road is a private co-educational day and boarding school with 6500+ students in New Delhi, India.	Delhi Public School, Mathura Road	India
country	Periyasekkadu is a neighbourhood of Chennai in Thiruvallur district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Periyasekkadu	India
country	Havdrup is a small town straddling the boundary between Solrød and Roskilde municipalities, some 30 km southwest of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Havdrup	Denmark
country	Swelinia (Polish pronunciation: (svɛˈɭiːɲa)), also known as Swelina or (in German) Grenzfluß, is a name of a brook between Northern part of Sopot and Southern Gdynia (Poland).	Swelinia	Poland
country	Bagnoli is a western seaside quarter of Naples, Italy, well beyond the confines of the original city.	Bagnoli	Italy
country	Mnin-Przymusów (ˈmnin pʂɨˈmusuf) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Mnin-Przymusów	Poland
country	Espah (Persian: اسپه‎, also Romanized as Espeh) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Espah	Iran
country	Hanwella is a small town in Sri Lanka, situated about 30 km from Colombo, the commercial capital of the country.	Hanwella	Sri Lanka
country	Hunish (Persian: هونيش‎, also Romanized as Hūnīsh; also known as Hūnīyasht) is a village in Lisar Rural District, Kargan Rud District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Hunish	Iran
country	The Jägerhorn is a mountain of the Pennine Alps, located on the border between Switzerland and Italy.	Jägerhorn	Switzerland	Italy
country	Dionaba or Djonaba is a town and commune in the Brakna Region of southern Mauritania.	Dionaba	Mauritania
country	Cao Bằng ( listen) is a city in northern Vietnam.	Cao Bằng	Vietnam
country	Qaruchan (Persian: قروچان‎, also Romanized as Qarūchān; also known as Ḩasan Kadkhodā) is a village in Dorungar Rural District, Now Khandan District, Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qaruchan	Iran
country	Asociación Deportiva 9 de Julio (more often referred as 9 de Julio de Morteros) is an Argentine football club based in the city of Morteros, in the north east of the Córdoba Province, Argentina.	9 de Julio de Morteros	Argentina
country	Log pri Brezovici (pronounced (ˈloːk pɾi ˈbɾeːzɔʋitsi)) is a settlement southwest of Ljubljana in central Slovenia.	Log pri Brezovici	Slovenia
country	Hârșova (also spelled Hîrșova; Romanian pronunciation: (ˈhɨrʃova); Bulgarian: Хърсово, Harsovo) is a town located on the right bank of the Danube, in Constanţa County, Romania.	Hârșova	Romania
country	Mackenzie Richmond Hill Hospital (formerly York Central Hospital) is a hospital in Richmond Hill, Ontario, Canada and one of three in York Regional Municipality.	Mackenzie Richmond Hill Hospital	Canada
country	The Low Rocky Point is a location on the south west coast of Tasmania, Australia, that is used a location for weather forecasting.	Low Rocky Point	Australia
country	The Hermel District (Arabic: قضاء الهرمل‎) is a district in the Beqaa Governorate of Lebanon.	Hermel District	Lebanon
country	Konjarnik (Serbian Cyrillic: Коњарник, pronounced (kɔ̌ɲaːrniːk)) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Konjarnik	Serbia
country	Playa de El Chinarral is a beach in the municipality of Algeciras, southeastern Spain.	Playa de El Chinarral	Spain
country	Jacinto Lara International Airport (IATA: BRM, ICAO: SVBM) is an airport in Barquisimeto, Venezuela, named after Venezuelan independence hero Jacinto Lara.	Jacinto Lara International Airport	Venezuela
country	Khiam (Arabic الخيام; sometimes spelled Khiyam) is a large town in the South Lebanon Governorate of Southern Lebanon.	Khiam	Lebanon
country	The 2015 World Taekwondo Championships were the 22nd edition of the World Taekwondo Championships, and were held in Chelyabinsk, Russia from May 12 to May 18, 2015.	2015 World Taekwondo Championships	Russia
country	The Bacolod Metropolitan Area, also known as Metro Bacolod (Hiligaynon: Punong Dakbanwa sang Bacolod; Tagalog: Kalakhang Bacolod), is the 9th most populous and the 9th most densely populated metropolitan area out of the 12 metropolitan areas in the Philippines.	Metro Bacolod	Philippines
country	The Chamberlain Bridge is a bridge in Bridgetown, the capital and largest city of the nation of Barbados.	Chamberlain Bridge	Barbados
country	Soccer International provides interviews and coverage of all the major competitions through the world and in depth coverage of the Australian A-League and Australia's international campaigns including the Joeys, Olyroos, Socceroos and Matildas.	Soccer International	Australia
country	Thirunallar taluk is a taluk of Karaikal District, Puducherry, India.	Thirunallar taluk	India
country	Koidula railway station (Estonian: Koidula raudteejaam) is a railway station in Koidula, Estonia, on the Russian border.	Koidula railway station	Estonia
country	The Europlanetarium Genk is a people's observatory and planetarium in Genk, Belgium.	Europlanetarium Genk	Belgium
country	Castara is a picturesque seaside village on the leeward (north) coast of the island of Tobago, the smaller of the two islands in the twin-island Republic of Trinidad and Tobago.	Castara	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Nielsen Park is a part of Sydney Harbour National Park at the suburb of Vaucluse in the eastern suburbs of Sydney, Australia.	Nielsen Park	Australia
country	West Paschim Vihar is a name proposed by some people for the part of Paschim Vihar on the west side of Outer Ring Road of West Delhi, India.	West Paschim Vihar	India
country	Margara (Armenian: Մարգարա, also Romanized as Markara; formerly Margara-Gök) is a town in the Armavir Province of Armenia.	Margara	Armenia
country	Fatima Jinnah Women University (Urdu: فاطمہ جناح وؤمن یونیورسٹی‎)(Initials: FJWU), is a public university located in the neighborhood of Mall road of Rawalpindi, Punjab, Pakistan.	Fatima Jinnah Women University	Pakistan
country	Skydra or Skidra (Greek: Σκύδρα, pronounced (scˈiðra) in modern Greek; formerly Vertekop Greek: Βέρτεκοπ, Slavic: Вартокоп, Vartokop) is a municipality in the Pella regional unit of Macedonia in Greece.	Skydra	Greece
country	Skęczno (ˈskɛnt͡ʂnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zadzim, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Skęczno	Poland
country	Selckë is a small village in the former Pogon municipality in the Gjirokastër County, southern Albania.	Selckë	Albania
country	Ottawa (i/ˈɒtəwə/ or /ˈɒtəwɑː/; French pronunciation: ​(ɔtawa)) is the capital city of Canada.	Ottawa	Canada
country	Swedish national road 16 (Swedish: Riksväg 16), was a Swedish national road in Skåne in southern Sweden between Dalby in Lund Municipality and Flädie in Lomma Municipality.	Swedish national road 16	Sweden
country	The Pomodorino del Piennolo del Vesuvio or sometimes just Pomodorino Vesuviano, is a grape tomato grown in Campania, Italy, and has PDO protected status, which was granted in 2009.	Pomodorino del Piennolo del Vesuvio	Italy
country	Pikiqucha (Quechua piki flea, qucha lake, ``flea lake'', hispanicized spellings Piquecocha, Piquicocha) is a lake in Peru.	Pikiqucha	Peru
country	The Treasurer of the Ordnance was a subordinate of the Master-General of the Ordnance in the United Kingdom, the office being created in 1670.	Treasurer of the Ordnance	United Kingdom
country	Koválov, is a village and municipality in Senica District in the Trnava Region of western Slovakia.	Koválov	Slovakia
country	Bagh Kand (Persian: باغ كند‎, also Romanized as Bāgh Kand) is a village in Zavin Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bagh Kand	Iran
country	Ponjevići is a village in the municipality of the Hercegovine region of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Ponjevići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Spanish name for the Pinacate Peaks geographic feature is the Sierra Pinacate, which is used in their homeland of Mexico.	Pinacate Peaks	Mexico
country	Paruma is a stratovolcano that lies on the border of Bolivia and Chile.	Paruma	Bolivia	Chile
country	Serra da Malcata Natural Reserve is a natural reserve in Portugal.	Serra da Malcata Natural Reserve	Portugal
country	The writer Owen Hatherley has named Wyndham Court as one of his 10 favourite modern buildings in the United Kingdom and his favourite building in Southampton.	Wyndham Court	United Kingdom
country	The Cristal Grand Ishtar Hotel is a hotel in Baghdad, Iraq located on Firdos Square.	Cristal Grand Ishtar Hotel	Iraq
country	Użranki (uˈʐranki) (German Königshöhe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrągowo, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Użranki	Poland
country	Armanaz (Arabic: أرمناز‎) is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Harem District, in the Idlib Governorate.	Armanaz	Syria
country	Kalateh-ye Mazhani (Persian: كلاته ماژاني‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Māzhānī; also known as Chāh-e Ţāqī, Chāh-i-Tāghi, and Chāh Taqī) is a village in Naharjan Rural District, Mud District, Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Mazhani	Iran
country	Ginaton (Hebrew: גִּנָּתוֹן) is a moshav in central Israel.	Ginaton	Israel
country	Moolamattom(മൂലമറ്റം) is the headquarters of Arakulam Panchayath in Thodupuzha Taluk, Idukki district in Kerala, India.	Moolamattom	India
country	Jesenov Vrt (pronounced (jɛˈseːnɔu̯ ˈʋəɾt), in older sources also Jesenovrt, German: Jesenwerch) is an abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Kostel in southern Slovenia.	Jesenov Vrt	Slovenia
country	Radviliškis ( pronunciation , pol. Radziwiliszki) is a city in the Radviliškis district municipality, Šiauliai County, Lithuania.	Radviliškis	Lithuania
country	San Pedro de Ycuamandiyú is a city and distrito in Paraguay.	San Pedro de Ycuamandiyú	Paraguay
country	Dandavati (ದಂಡಾವತಿ) is a river that flows through Sorab, India.	Dandavati	India
country	Aghbolagh-e Kalisa Kandi (Persian: اغبلاغ كليساكندي‎, also Romanized as Āghbolāgh-e Kalīsā Kandī; also known as Āghbolāgh and Āqbolāgh) is a village in Avajiq-e Shomali Rural District, Dashtaki District, Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aghbolagh-e Kalisa Kandi	Iran
country	Bartley Secondary School is a value-added, co-educational neighbourhood secondary school in Singapore.	Bartley Secondary School	Singapore
country	Elyasalylar (also, El’yasalylar and Ella-Zallar) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Elyasalylar	Azerbaijan
country	Osaka City Ground was an athletic stadium in Osaka, Osaka, Japan.	Osaka City Ground	Japan
country	Chęciny-Kielce Landscape Park (Chęcińsko-Kielecki Park Krajobrazowy) is a protected area (Landscape Park) in south-central Poland, established in 1996, covering an area of 205.05 square kilometres (79.17 sq mi).	Chęciny-Kielce Landscape Park	Poland
country	The Carrothers Commission, formally The Advisory Commission on the Development of Government in the Northwest Territories, was a commission set up by the government of Canada to study the future of government of the Northwest Territories.	Carrothers Commission	Canada
country	Rovišče pri Studencu (pronounced (ɾɔˈʋiːʃtʃɛ pɾi stuˈdɛːntsu)) is a nucleated settlement in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia.	Rovišče pri Studencu	Slovenia
country	Faetano is one of the 9 communes or ``castelli'' of San Marino.	Faetano	San Marino
country	Murder of Jagendra Singh refers to the killing of a journalist in India by setting him on fire on 1 June.	Murder of Jagendra Singh	India
country	Coat of arms of Gothenburg consists of images from Sweden's great coat of arms and is meant to symbolize the city as Sweden's western defence.	Coat of arms of Gothenburg	Sweden
country	The Lutheran Gustav Adolf Stave Church (German Gustav-Adolf-Stabkirche) is a stave church situated in Hahnenklee, in the Harz region, Germany.	Gustav Adolf Stave Church	Germany
country	For 200 years it was a French colony, and, though united with India in 1954, is still sometimes known as French Yanam.	Yanam	India
country	Lake Hayq or Lake Haik (Ge'ez ሐይቅ hāyḳ, Amh. ``lake'') is a freshwater lake of Ethiopia.	Lake Hayq	Ethiopia
country	Kazincbarcika is an industrian town in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén county, Northern Hungary.	Kazincbarcika	Hungary
country	Longquan Station (Chinese: 龍泉車站; pinyin: Lóngquán Chēzhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Jiji Line located in Jiji Township, Nantou County, Taiwan.	Longquan Station	Taiwan
country	Jugowiec (juˈɡɔvjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Śląska, within Środa Śląska County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Jugowiec	Poland
country	Matvik is a small harbor in Karlshamn Municipality in southeastern Sweden.	Matvik	Sweden
country	Qasahdhere District (Qansahdhere District) is a district in the southern Bay region of Somalia.	Qasahdhere District	Somalia
country	Chełmno County (Polish: powiat chełmiński) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-central Poland.	Chełmno County	Poland
country	Campo de Daroca is one of the comarcas of Aragon, in the Province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain.	Campo de Daroca	Spain
country	Dumistan (Arabic: دمستان) is a coastal village situated on the western shore of Bahrain.	Dumistan	Bahrain
country	Giv'at ha-More (Hebrew: גבעת המורה; English also as Giv'at ha-Moreh, Givat HaMoreh etc.) is a mountain range in northern Israel, located on the northeast side of the Jezreel Valley.	Moreh	Israel
country	Aberfeldie Primary School is a Primary school, situated in Essendon, Victoria, Australia.	Aberfeldie Primary School	Australia
country	201 Portage (former names TD Centre, Canwest Place and CanWest Global Place) is an office tower at the intersection of Portage and Main in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	201 Portage	Canada
country	Gjøra Chapel (Norwegian: Gjøra kapell) is a chapel in Sunndal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Gjøra Chapel	Norway
country	Brøndby Strand (in English: 'Well Town' Beach) is a suburb in Brøndby Municipality, approximately 13 km south-west of central Copenhagen, Denmark	Brøndby Strand	Denmark
country	Ferrières Abbey was a Benedictine monastery situated at Ferrières-en-Gâtinais in the arrondissement of Montargis, in the département of Loiret, France.	Ferrières Abbey	France
country	The Pingat Jasa Gemilang (Meritorious Service Medal), instituted in Singapore in 1962.	Pingat Jasa Gemilang	Singapore
country	Komárom (Slovak: Komárno, Croatian: Komoran, German: Komorn, Serbian: Коморан) is a city split between Hungary on the south bank of the Danube in Komárom-Esztergom county and Slovakia on the other.	Komárom	Hungary
country	Koffiefontein is a small farming town in the Free State province of South Africa.	Koffiefontein	South Africa
country	The Ecomuseo delle ferriere e fonderie di Calabria (Ecomuseum of the iron-works and iron-foundries of Calabria) is an ecomuseum in Bivongi, Calabria, southern Italy.	Ecomuseo delle ferriere e fonderie di Calabria	Italy
country	Meera Bagh is an affluent residential colony in Paschim Vihar, which is situated in the western part of New Delhi, India.	Meera Bagh	India
country	Ta' Kenuna Tower (Maltese: Torri ta' Kenuna) is a semaphore tower on the cliffs near Nadur on the island of Gozo, Malta.	Ta' Kenuna Tower	Malta
country	Kłobukowo-Patrze (kwɔbuˈkɔvɔ ˈpatʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kłobukowo-Patrze	Poland
country	Danilo Atienza Air Base (IATA: SGL, ICAO: RPLS) is a military base used by the Philippine Air Force, located on the northern end of Cavite Peninsula in Manila Bay, Luzon Island, the Philippines.	Danilo Atienza Air Base	Philippines
country	Kradolf-Schönenberg is a municipality in Weinfelden District in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.	Kradolf-Schönenberg	Switzerland
country	Lifosa Power Plant is a power plant in Kėdainiai, Lithuania.	Lifosa Power Plant	Lithuania
country	L'Epée is a mountain in the Pennine Alps, situated near Bourg Saint Pierre in Switzerland.	L'Epée	Switzerland
country	The Bay of Santander is both a comarca of Cantabria and the largest estuary on the North coast of Spain, with an extension of 22.42 km² 9 km long and 5 km wide.	Bay of Santander	Spain
country	Talvivaara Mining Company plc (Finnish: Talvivaaran Kaivososakeyhtiö Oyj) is a Finnish-based nickel mining business operating in Finland.	Talvivaara Mining Company	Finland
country	Chvojenec is village in Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic, near the town of Holice.	Chvojenec	Czech Republic
country	Ošelj (pronounced (ˈoːʃəl)) is a settlement in the Pohorje Hills in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia.	Ošelj	Slovenia
country	Darreh Ahvazi (Persian: دره اهوازی‎, also Romanized as Darreh Ahvāzī; also known as Darreh Ahvāz) is a village in Rud Zard Rural District, in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Ahvazi	Iran
country	In 657, during the Muslim conquest of Iraq, Ali's lieutenants Ziyad and Shureih were refused passage across the Euphrates at Anah.	Anah	Iraq
country	Bytča (Hungarian: Nagybiccse) is a town in northwestern Slovakia.	Bytča	Slovakia
country	Het Slaakhuis is a squat in Rotterdam, the Netherlands.	Het Slaakhuis	Netherlands
country	The Grand Mountet Hut (2,886 m) (French: Cabane du Grand Mountet) is a mountain hut located in the Pennine Alps near Zinal in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.	Grand Mountet Hut	Switzerland
country	Fischbachau Priory (Kloster Fischbachau) was a Benedictine monastery located in Fischbachau, Bavaria, Germany.	Fischbachau Priory	Germany
country	The Budapest Semesters in Mathematics program is a study abroad opportunity for North American undergraduate students in Budapest, Hungary.	Budapest Semesters in Mathematics	Hungary
country	Okara Cantonment railway station (Urdu: اوکاڑہ کینٹ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Okara cantonment area, 10 km away from Okara city, Okara district of Punjab province of the Pakistan.	Okara Cantonment railway station	Pakistan
country	Kallang Field is located in the Kallang Sport Complex, at Kallang, near the location of the Singapore Indoor Stadium and the old National Stadium, as well as the new Singapore Sports Hub.	Kallang Field	Singapore
country	Heungseon Station (Hangul: 흥선역; hanja: 興宣驛) is a station of the U Line in Uijeongbu-dong, Uijeongbu, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea.	Heungseon Station	South Korea
country	Aktuma (Kazakh: Ақтұма) is a village in Almaty Region of south-eastern Kazakhstan.	Aktuma	Kazakhstan
country	Jand Tehsil is one of the six tehsils (subdivisions) of Attock District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Jand Tehsil	Pakistan
country	Sečianky (Hungarian: Ipolyszécsénke) is a village and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.	Sečianky	Slovakia
country	Vilandhai is a village nearer to Andimadam in the Ariyalur district of Tamil Nadu, India.	Vilandhai	India
country	Bargeres is a suburb in the city Emmen in Drenthe, the Netherlands.	Bargeres	Netherlands
country	Stewart Island (officially named Stewart Island/Rakiura) is the third-largest island of New Zealand.	Stewart Island	New Zealand
country	Northwestern Krai (Russian: Северо-Западный край) was a subdivision (krai) of Russian empire in the territories of the present day Belarus and Lithuania.	Northwestern Krai	Belarus
country	Plyussa (Russian: Плюсса) is an urban locality (a work settlement) and the administrative center of Plyussky District of Pskov Oblast, Russia, located 91 kilometers (57 mi) northeast of Pskov by the Plyussa River.	Plyussa	Russia
country	Abacheri is a coastal town in south-eastern Eritrea.	Abacheri	Eritrea
country	Zenkovci (Hungarian: Zoltánháza) is a settlement in the Municipality of Puconci in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.	Zenkovci	Slovenia
country	Bahla (Arabic: بهلا‎) is a town in Ad Dakhiliyah, Oman.	Bahla	Oman
country	Saint Helen's Island (French: Île Sainte-Hélène) is an island in the Saint Lawrence River, in the territory of the city of Montreal, Canada.	Saint Helen's Island	Canada
country	Orlice (German: Adler) is a river in the Czech Republic.	Orlice	Czech Republic
country	Usho (also spelled Ushu) is a hill station in Usho Valley, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Usho	Pakistan
country	The Coat of arms of Madrid, the capital of Spain, has its origin in the Middle Ages, but was redesigned in 1967.	Coat of arms of Madrid	Spain
country	Platerów (plaˈtɛruf) is a village in Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Platerów	Poland
country	Stare Dłutowo (ˈstarɛ dwuˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark, within Działdowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stare Dłutowo	Poland
country	Wieczywno (vjɛˈt͡ʂɨvnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wieczywno	Poland
country	Brvi (pronounced (bəɾˈʋiː)) is a settlement to the south of Bizeljsko in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Brvi	Slovenia
country	Kalisindh Thermal Power Station is located 12 km away from Jhalawar town in Jhalawar district, Rajasthan state in western India.	Kalisindh Thermal Power Station	India
country	Velanai Central College (Tamil: வேலணை மத்திய கல்லூரி Vēlaṇai Mattiya Kallūri) is a provincial school in Velanai, Sri Lanka.	Velanai Central College	Sri Lanka
country	The Institute of Public Affairs (IPA) is a public policy think tank based in Melbourne, Australia.	Institute of Public Affairs	Australia
country	Besputa River (Russian: Беспута) is a small river in Moscow and Tula Oblasts, Russia.	Besputa River	Russia
country	Sinchets (Bulgarian: Синчец) is a small mountain village in Ardino Municipality, Kardzhali Province, southern-central Bulgaria.	Sinchets	Bulgaria
country	Mazraeh-ye Barzangeh (Persian: مزرعه برزنگه‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Barzangeh) is a village in Zefreh Rural District, Kuhpayeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 10, in 5 families.	Mazraeh-ye Barzangeh	Iran
country	Cornas is a commune in the département of Ardèche in the Rhône-Alpes region in southern France.	Cornas	France
country	Hayli Gubbi is a shield volcano located in the Afar Region of Ethiopia.	Hayli Gubbi	Ethiopia
country	Parque del Recuerdo is a private cemetery in Uruguay.	Parque del Recuerdo	Uruguay
country	Saint-Malo (French pronunciation: ​(sɛ̃.ma.lo); Gallo : Saent-Malô; Breton: Sant-Maloù) is a walled port city in Brittany in northwestern France on the English Channel.	Saint-Malo	France
country	Qayumabad (Persian: قيوم اباد‎, also Romanized as Qayūmābād; also known as Qayyemābād) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Qayumabad	Iran
country	The Orbost railway line (also known as the Gippsland line) is a railway serving the Latrobe Valley and Gippsland regions of Victoria, Australia.	Orbost railway line	Australia
country	Ajorsa va Paknam (Persian: اجرسا و پاكنام‎, also Romanized as Ājorsā va Pāḵnām) is a village in Zahray-ye Bala Rural District, in the Central District of Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Ajorsa va Paknam	Iran
country	Pioneer Point is a pair of tall buildings in the Ilford neighbourhood of London, United Kingdom.	Pioneer Point	United Kingdom
country	Radulovtsi (Bulgarian: Радуловци) is a village in Slivnitsa Municipality, Sofia Province, located in western Bulgaria approximately 12 km south-west of the town of Slivnitsa.	Radulovtsi	Bulgaria
country	Waqaypaka or Waqay Paka (Quechua waqay, to cry, crying, paka eagle ``crying eagle'', hispanicized spelling Huacaypaca) is a mountain in the Cordillera Central in the Andes of Peru, about 5,300 metres (17,388 ft) high.	Waqaypaka	Peru
country	Katar River is a river of central Ethiopia.	Katar River	Ethiopia
country	The Menier Chocolate company (French: Chocolat Menier) was a chocolate manufacturing business founded in 1816 as a pharmaceutical manufacturer in Paris, France, at a time when chocolate was used as a medicinal product and was only one part of the overall business.	Menier Chocolate	France
country	Taungup or Toungup or Toungok (Burmese: တောင်ကုတ်မြို့) is a principal town of the Taungup Township in the Rakhine State of westernmost part of Myanmar.	Taungup	Myanmar
country	Seodaemun Prison History Hall is a museum and former prison in Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea.	Seodaemun Prison	South Korea
country	The Château de Saint-Germain-en-Laye (French pronunciation: ​(ʃɑto də sɛ̃ ʒɛʁmɛ̃ ɑ̃ lɛ)) is a royal palace in the commune of Saint-Germain-en-Laye, in the département of Yvelines, about 19 km west of Paris, France.	Château de Saint-Germain-en-Laye	France
country	Michika (Mwe-cika) is a Local Government Area of Adamawa State, Nigeria.	Michika	Nigeria
country	Navesnoye (Russian: Навесное) is a village (selo) in Livensky District of Oryol Oblast, Russia.	Navesnoye	Russia
country	Fratar is a former municipality in the Fier County, southwestern Albania.	Fratar	Albania
country	Mokry Las (ˈmɔkrɨ ˈlas) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Mokry Las	Poland
country	Mandaue, officially the City of Mandaue (Cebuano: Dakbayan sa Mandaue; Filipino: Lungsod ng Mandaue) and often referred to as Mandaue City, is a first income class highly urbanized city in the province of Central Visayas, Philippines.	Mandaue	Philippines
country	Brennivín (Icelandic pronunciation: (ˈprɛnːɪvin)) is a clear, unsweetened schnapps that is considered to be Iceland's signature distilled beverage.	Brennivín	Iceland
country	The Cabaçal River (Portuguese, Rio Cabaçal) is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.	Cabaçal River	Brazil
country	Dajdarig (Persian: دج دريگ‎, also Romanized as Dajdarīg) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Dajdarig	Iran
country	Long Semado Airport (IATA: LSM, ICAO: WBGD) is an airport serving Long Semado in the state of Sarawak in Malaysia.	Long Semado Airport	Malaysia
country	Cerro El Plomo is a mountain located in the Andes near Santiago, Chile.	Cerro El Plomo	Chile
country	Sudbury/Azilda Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CNC5), is located in Sudbury, Ontario, Canada, 5 nautical miles (9.3 km; 5.8 mi) northwest of downtown on the shore of Whitewater Lake, near the community of Azilda.	Sudbury/Azilda Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Giv'at Shmuel (Hebrew: גִּבְעַת שְׁמוּאֵל, English: Samuel Hill) is a city in the Center District of Israel.	Giv'at Shmuel	Israel
country	Mamoty (maˈmɔtɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czermin, within Pleszew County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Mamoty	Poland
country	Sierra Grande Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Sierra Grande, IATA: SGV, ICAO: SAVS) is a public use airport located 2 kilometres (1 mi) northeast of Sierra Grande, Río Negro, Argentina.	Sierra Grande Airport	Argentina
country	Malua is the centre for the Congregational Christian Church in Samoa and also the site of the famous Malua Theological College which was the second theological college to be established in the South Pacific in 1844, the first being Takamoa Theological College in Cook Islands.	Malua	Samoa
country	Büyükoturak is a small belde (town) in Banaz district of Uşak Province, Turkey.	Büyükoturak	Turkey
country	Hasanjan Kuh (Persian: حسنجان كوه‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanjān Kūh and Ḩasanjānkūh) is a village in Razliq Rural District, in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hasanjan Kuh	Iran
country	Kamajai is a small town in Rokiškis district municipality, Lithuania.	Kamajai	Lithuania
country	Hasegg Castle (German: Burg Hasegg) is a castle and mint located in Hall in Tirol, Tyrol, Austria.	Hasegg Castle	Austria
country	Casablanca Tit Mellil Airport (ICAO: GMMT) (French: Aéroport Casablanca Tit Mellil, Arabic: مطار الدار البيضاء تيط مليل‎) is an airport located in Tit Mellil, Morocco, near Casablanca.	Casablanca Tit Mellil Airport	Morocco
country	Eilenburg (German pronunciation: (ˈaɪlənbʊɐ̯k)) is a town in Germany.	Eilenburg	Germany
country	Sialkot International Airport (IATA: SKT, ICAO: OPST) is situated 14 km (8.7 mi) west of Sialkot in the Sialkot District of Pakistan.	Sialkot International Airport	Pakistan
country	Żądłowice (ʐɔndwɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Inowłódz, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Żądłowice	Poland
country	Hwarangdae Station is an underground Metro Seoul station in Seoul, South Korea, served by the line 6.	Hwarangdae Station	South Korea
country	Pamyat' Il'icha is a town in the Osh Region of Kyrgyzstan.	Pamyat' Il'icha	Kyrgyzstan
country	Yongdusan Park is a park located in Jung-gu, Busan, South Korea.	Yongdusan Park	South Korea
country	Donbass Palace is the first 5-star hotel in Donetsk, that joined The Leading Hotels of the World (2005), and the Ukraine's leading business hotel in 2006 and 2007 according to the World Travel Awards Association.	Donbass Palace	Ukraine
country	Kvikne is a former municipality in Hedmark, Norway and a mountain village between Østerdalen and Trøndelag.	Kvikne	Norway
country	Wallal is the location of a bore in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.	Wallal	Australia
country	Legutio (Villarreal de Álava in Spanish) is a town and municipality located in the province of Álava, in the Basque Country, northern Spain.	Legutio	Spain
country	The Dutch Caribbean Police Force (Dutch: Korps Politie Caribisch Nederland or KPCN) is the law enforcement agency of the Caribbean Netherlands.	Dutch Caribbean Police Force	Netherlands
country	Smiubelgen is a mountain range in the western part of Rondane National Park, Norway, separated from the eastern part by Rondvatnet.	Smiubelgen	Norway
country	Vrå is a railway town in Hjørring municipality in Denmark, as well as the former municipal seat of the abolished Løkken-Vrå municipality.	Vrå	Denmark
country	Zgornja Slivnica (pronounced (ˈzɡoːɾnja ˈsliːu̯nitsa); in older sources also Gorenja Slivnica, German: Oberschleinitz or Ober Schleinitz) is a settlement in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia.	Zgornja Slivnica	Slovenia
country	Qeshlaq-e Owch Bolaq (Persian: قشلاق اوچبلاق‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Owch Bolāq) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Owch Bolaq	Iran
country	Makogai (pronounced (makoˈŋai)) is an island belonging to Fiji's Lomaiviti Archipelago.	Makogai	Fiji
country	Tongluo Station (Chinese: 銅鑼車站; pinyin: Tóngluó Chēzhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Mountain Line) located in Tongluo Township, Miaoli County, Taiwan.	Tongluo Station	Taiwan
country	Elleholm is a former Danish town in Blekinge, Sweden.	Elleholm	Sweden
country	Zamrin (also spelled Zamreen) is a village in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Tartus Governorate.	Zamrin	Syria
country	CityLink is a network of tolled urban motorways in Melbourne, Australia, linking the West Gate, Tullamarine and Monash freeways and incorporating Bolte Bridge, Burnley Tunnel and other works.	CityLink	Australia
country	Trevenen is a hamlet on the A394 main road from Helston to Mabe in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Trevenen	United Kingdom
country	Ein Iron (Hebrew: עֵין עִירוֹן, lit. Spring of Iron) is a moshav in northern Israel.	Ein Iron	Israel
country	Pind Kamal Khan (Urdu: پنڈ کمال خان‎) is one of the 44 union councils, administrative subdivisions, of Haripur District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Pind Kamal Khan	Pakistan
country	Marmarik (Armenian: Մարմարիկ; formerly known as Pashkend or Pashakend), is a village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.	Marmarik	Armenia
country	Jellyfish Lake (Palauan: Ongeim'l Tketau, ``Fifth Lake'') is a marine lake located on Eil Malk island in Palau.	Jellyfish Lake	Palau
country	Marina Alta (Valencian pronunciation: (maˈɾina ˈaɫta)) is a comarca in the province of Alicante, Valencian Community, Spain.	Marina Alta	Spain
country	Anuta Paina is an island in the Solomon Islands; it is located in Malaita Province, to the east of Malaita.	Anuta Paina	Solomon Islands
country	Founded in 1917, the Ramscappelle Road Military Cemetery is located two kilometers east of the city of Nieuwpoort in the province of West Flanders (West-Vlaanderen), Belgium.	Ramscappelle Road Military Cemetery	Belgium
country	Vemork is the name of a hydroelectric power plant outside Rjukan in Tinn, Norway.	Vemork	Norway
country	The Freight Line Through Skåne (Swedish: Godsstråket genom Skåne) is a 78-kilometer (48 mi) long railway line between Arlöv and Ängelholm in Sweden.	Freight Line Through Skåne	Sweden
country	The Circuito Urbano Bilbao is a street circuit in Bilbao, Spain.	Circuito Urbano Bilbao	Spain
country	Żerków-Czeszewo Landscape Park (Żerkowsko-Czeszewski Park Krajobrazowy) is a protected area (Landscape Park) in west-central Poland.	Żerków-Czeszewo Landscape Park	Poland
country	Carpineto della Nora is a comune and town in the province of Pescara, Abruzzo region, Italy.	Carpineto della Nora	Italy
country	Bruck in der Oberpfalz is a market town in the district of Schwandorf in the Upper Palatinate, Bavaria, Germany.	Bruck in der Oberpfalz	Germany
country	Valkmusa National Park (Finnish: Valkmusan kansallispuisto, Swedish: Valkmusa nationalpark) is a national park in the Kymenlaakso region of Finland.	Valkmusa National Park	Finland
country	Meniida (Greek: Μενηίδα) is a former municipality in the Pella regional unit, Greece.	Meniida	Greece
country	Radzany (raˈd͡zanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ceków-Kolonia, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Radzany	Poland
country	Mushie is a town in, and a territory of Plateaux District, Bandundu Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Mushie	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	The Old Bridge of Dezful is located near the city of Dezful in South Western Iran.	Old Bridge of Dezful	Iran
country	Lagos Lagoon is a lagoon sharing its name with the city of Lagos, Nigeria, the largest city in Africa, which lies on its south-western side.	Lagos Lagoon	Nigeria
country	Lampione (Sicilian: Lampiuni, English: Lantern) is a small rocky island located in the Mediterranean Sea, which belongs geographically to the Pelagie Islands and administratively to the comune of Lampedusa e Linosa, Province of Agrigento, region of Sicily, Italy.	Lampione	Italy
country	Ebbw Vale is recovering from a period of one of the highest unemployment rates in the United Kingdom, largely as a result of the decline of the mining and steel industries.	Ebbw Vale	United Kingdom
country	Visoki Kurji vrh (1822 m), also just Visoki vrh is a peak in the Western Karavanke Alps in Slovenia.	Visoki Kurji vrh	Slovenia
country	Pankshin is a Local Government Area in Plateau State, Nigeria.	Pankshin	Nigeria
country	Babbila (Arabic: ببيلا‎, also spelled Bebbila) is a town in southern Syria, administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate, located on the southern outskirts of Damascus to the west of the Yarmouk Camp.	Babbila	Syria
country	Tangi Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Charsadda District in the province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa in Pakistan.	Tangi Tehsil	Pakistan
country	Spodnje Brezovo (pronounced (ˈspoːdnjɛ ˈbɾeːzɔʋɔ); German: Unterbresow) is a village west of Višnja Gora in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Spodnje Brezovo	Slovenia
country	Billean Island is an island located in eastern Sabah on the Sulu Sea on Malaysia.	Billean Island	Malaysia
country	Murehe is a village in the Commune of Bururi in Bururi Province in southern Burundi.	Murehe	Burundi
country	Vathypedo (Greek: Βαθύπεδο) is a village and a former community in the Ioannina regional unit, Epirus, Greece.	Vathypedo	Greece
country	Tapuc District is one of eight districts of the province Daniel Alcides Carrión in Peru.	Tapuc District	Peru
country	Dhaka Medical College and Hospital (DMCH) is a medical college and hospital located in Dhaka, the capital city of Bangladesh.	Dhaka Medical College and Hospital	Bangladesh
country	The Rhine Gate (in German Rheintor) is a former city gate in the ancient city walls of Basel, Switzerland.	Rhine Gate	Switzerland
country	The Tour Ronde (3,792 m) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif of the Alps, situated on the border between France and Italy.	Tour Ronde	France
country	This historic Wrocław water tower is situated in Borek, the district of Krzyki that is the southern borough of Wrocław, Poland.	Wrocław water tower	Poland
country	Damsgård Manor (Norwegian: Damsgård hovedgård) is a landmark manor and estate in Bergen, Norway.	Damsgård Manor	Norway
country	Goulmodjo is a village in the Coalla Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso.	Goulmodjo	Burkina Faso
country	The royal Frederiks Hospital was Denmark's first hospital in the present-day meaning of the word.	Frederiks Hospital	Denmark
country	Pays de la Loire (French pronunciation: ​(pe.i də la lwaʁ); Breton: Broioù al Liger) is one of the 18 regions of France.	Pays de la Loire	France
country	The King Country (Māori:Te Rohe Pōtae or Rohe Pōtae o Maniapoto) is a region of the western North Island of New Zealand.	King Country	New Zealand
country	Bogatyr Ridge (Russian: Богатырь; Japanese: 単冠山, Hitokappu-san) is a stratovolcano located in the central part of Iturup Island, Kuril Islands, Russia.	Bogatyr Ridge	Russia
country	Wołoszyn is a mountain massif in the Tatra Mountains in Poland It reaches 2,158 meters at its highest peak.	Wołoszyn	Poland
country	De Trompenburgh is a 17th-century manor house in 's-Graveland, North Holland, Netherlands, designed by Daniel Stalpaert and built for Admiral Maarten Tromp, one of the naval heroes of the Dutch Republic.	Trompenburgh	Netherlands
country	Jeršiče (pronounced (jɛɾˈʃiːtʃɛ)) is a small settlement in the hills northeast of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Jeršiče	Slovenia
country	Illorsuit Heliport (IATA: IOT, ICAO: BGLL) is a heliport in Illorsuit, a village on an island of the same name in the Qaasuitsup municipality in western Greenland.	Illorsuit Heliport	Greenland
country	Earl of Dudley, of Dudley Castle in the County of Stafford, is a title that has been created twice in the Peerage of the United Kingdom, both times for members of the Ward family.	Earl of Dudley	United Kingdom
country	Burghead is part of the Moray constituency of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which returns a Member of Parliament (MP) to the House of Commons, at Westminster.	Burghead	United Kingdom
country	Babachu (Persian: باباچو‎, also Romanized as Bābāchū; also known as Bābā Chūyeh) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Babachu	Iran
country	Mazraeh-ye Khukand (Persian: مزرعه خوكند‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Khūkand) is a village in Qarah Chaman Rural District, Arzhan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 13, in 6 families.	Mazraeh-ye Khukand	Iran
country	Woodlands Town Garden is a community park in Woodlands, Singapore, located at Woodlands Centre Road, adjacent to Bukit Timah Road.	Woodlands Town Garden	Singapore
country	Pol Khoda Afarin (Persian: پل خداافرين‎, also Romanized as Pol Khodā Āfarīn) is a village in Sornabad Rural District, Hamaijan District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Pol Khoda Afarin	Iran
country	Mileiha (مليحة) is a village in the United Arab Emirates and the location of archaeological remnants dating from the Neolithic to pre-Islamic Arabia.	Mileiha	United Arab Emirates
country	Çiğli Air Base (Turkish: Çiğli Hava Üssü) (IATA: IGL, ICAO: LTBL) is a military airport near Çiğli, a metropolitan district of the city of İzmir in İzmir Province, Turkey.	Çiğli Air Base	Turkey
country	Banjsko brdo (Serbian Cyrillic: Бањско брдо) is a mountain in southwestern Serbia, above the town of Priboj.	Banjsko brdo	Serbia
country	The Jamhuriat Hospital (Republic Hospital) is state-owned hospital located in Kabul, Afghanistan.	Jamhuriat Hospital	Afghanistan
country	The Boruca (also known as the Brunca or the Brunka) are an indigenous people living in Costa Rica.	Boruca	Costa Rica
country	Mala Goričica (pronounced (ˈmaːla ɡɔˈɾiːtʃitsa)) is a small settlement in the hills north of Stična in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Mala Goričica	Slovenia
country	Święty Gaj (ˈɕfjɛntɨ ˈɡai̯) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychliki, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Święty Gaj	Poland
country	Łaguszewo (waɡuˈʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trąbki Wielkie, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Łaguszewo	Poland
country	The Aiguille d'Argentière (3,901 m) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif on the border between France and Switzerland.	Aiguille d'Argentière	Switzerland
country	Kemaman Bypass, Federal Route 145 and 146, is a major highway bypass in Kemaman district, Terengganu, Malaysia.	Kemaman Bypass	Malaysia
country	The Siem Reap River is a river flowing through Siem Reap Province, in north-west Cambodia.	Siem Reap River	Cambodia
country	Mariyinsky Palace (Ukrainian: Маріїнський палац, Mariyins'kyi palats) is the official ceremonial residence of the President of Ukraine in Kyiv and adjoins the neo-classical building of the Verkhovna Rada (parliament) of Ukraine.	Mariyinsky Palace	Ukraine
country	Shevchenko National Prize (Ukrainian: Націона́льна пре́мія Украї́ни і́мені Тараса́ Шевче́нка; also Shevchenko Award) is the highest state prize of Ukraine for works of culture and arts awarded since 1961.	Shevchenko National Prize	Ukraine
country	Leinesfjord or Myklebostad is a village and the administrative centre of the municipality of Steigen in Nordland county, Norway.	Leinesfjord	Norway
country	Fayzabad Airport (IATA: FBD, ICAO: OAFZ) is an airport located 3.5 miles (5.6 km) northwest of Fayzabad (also spelled Faizabad or Feyzabad), the provincial capital of Badakhshan Province, Afghanistan.	Fayzabad Airport	Afghanistan
country	Mycenae (Greek: Μυκῆναι Mykēnai or Μυκήνη Mykēnē) is an archaeological site in Greece, located about 90 kilometres (56 miles) southwest of Athens, in the north-eastern Peloponnese.	Mycenae	Greece
country	Farsala (Greek: Φάρσαλα), known in Antiquity as Pharsalos (Ancient Greek: Φάρσαλος, Latin: Pharsalus), is a city in southern Thessaly, in Greece.	Farsala	Greece
country	Shah Deraz (Persian: شه دراز‎, also Romanized as Shah Derāz) is a village in Saghder Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Shah Deraz	Iran
country	Sohar University (جامعة صحار ) was established in 2001 as the first private university in Oman.	Sohar University	Oman
country	Xanılı (also, Khanyly and Khanuli) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Xanılı	Azerbaijan
country	Rilindja Demokratike is the official newspaper of the Democratic Party of Albania.	Rilindja Demokratike	Albania
country	Naramata Dam is a dam near Minakami, in the Gunma Prefecture of Japan.	Naramata Dam	Japan
country	Norrköping Airport (IATA: NRK, ICAO: ESSP) is an airport situated around 3 km from the city center of Norrköping, Sweden.	Norrköping Airport	Sweden
country	Ein Hod (Hebrew: עֵין הוֹד) is a village in Haifa District in northern Israel.	Ein Hod	Israel
country	Tembe Elephant Park is a 30 012 ha game reserve in Maputaland, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.	Tembe Elephant Park	South Africa
country	Rubya (or Rubyia) is the site of a Catholic Church mission to the south of Bukoba near the west bank of Lake Victoria in Tanzania.	Rubya	Tanzania
country	Madan-e Sakhtman Firuzeh (Persian: معدن ساختمان فيروزه‎, also Romanized as Maʿdan Sākhtmān Fīrūezh) is a village in Firuzeh Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzeh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Madan-e Sakhtman Firuzeh	Iran
country	Kuhi is a town and a tehsil in the Umred subdivision of the Nagpur district in Nagpur, India.	Kuhi	India
country	Parts of the Termon River form the border between County Donegal in Ireland and County Fermanagh in the United Kingdom.	Termon River	United Kingdom
country	The El Brujo Archaeological Complex, just north of Trujillo, La Libertad Province, Peru, is an ancient archaeological site that was occupied from preceramic times.	El Brujo	Peru
country	Haramaya University is one of the oldest universities in Ethiopia.	Haramaya University	Ethiopia
country	MS Trollfjord is a Hurtigruten vessel built by Fosen mekaniske verksteder in Rissa, Norway in 2002.	MS Trollfjord	Norway
country	Battili is a town in Bhamini mandal of Srikakulam district in Andhra Pradesh, India.	Battili	India
country	Guxhagen is a community in Schwalm-Eder district in northern Hesse, Germany.	Guxhagen	Germany
country	Bangalore International School (or BIS) is an international school in the city of Bangalore, Karnataka, India, located along the Hennur Bagalur Road in Geddalahalli, Bangalore.	Bangalore International School	India
country	Lapte is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France, located 23 kilometres southwest of the city of Firminy.	Lapte	France
country	Gnato (also spelled Gnanto) is a village in the south-western corner of Ivory Coast.	Gnato	Ivory Coast
country	Qazanbulaq (also, Kazan Bulakh and Kazanbulak) is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qazanbulaq	Azerbaijan
country	Zvodno (pronounced (ˈzʋoːdnɔ)) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Celje in eastern Slovenia.	Zvodno	Slovenia
country	Chroberz (ˈxrɔbɛʂ) is a village in Poland with 964 inhabitants (2005).	Chroberz	Poland
country	The Museum of Industry and Agriculture (Polish: Muzeum Przemysłu i Rolnictwa) is a former museum of technology at Krakowskie Przedmieście 66 in Warsaw, Poland.	Museum of Industry and Agriculture	Poland
country	Cap Djinet is a cape at the Mediterranean Sea near the town of Djinet, 50 kilometers east of Algiers, near Dellys, in the Boumerdès Province of Algeria.	Cap Djinet	Algeria
country	Matilda House is one of the oldest houses in Singapore.	Matilda House	Singapore
country	The Sapphire Coast is the marketing/ tourist name for the Bega Valley Shire region in South East, New South Wales, Australia and stretches from Bermagui in the North to the Victorian border in the South.	Sapphire Coast	Australia
country	The Chithamur block is a revenue block in the Kanchipuram district of Tamil Nadu, India.	Chithamur block	India
country	Pervalka Lighthouse (Lithuanian: Pervalkos švyturys) - a lighthouse located in Pervalka on the Curonian Spit, located in between the Curonian Lagoon (to the east) and the Baltic Sea (to the west); located in Lithuania.	Pervalka Lighthouse	Lithuania
country	The Jardin botanique de l'Université de Rennes is a botanical garden maintained by the Faculty of Sciences of the University of Rennes 1, Avenue du General Leclerc, Rennes, Ille-et-Vilaine, Brittany, France.	Jardin botanique de l'Université de Rennes	France
country	Soknedal Church (Norwegian: Soknedal kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Midtre Gauldal in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Soknedal Church	Norway
country	Sanekuy is a Bobo village and commune in Mali.	Sanekuy	Mali
country	Mount Tarawera is the volcano responsible for one of New Zealand's largest historic eruptions.	Mount Tarawera	New Zealand
country	Koshlauch (Russian: Кошлау́ч; Tatar: Кушлавыч, Quşlawıç, (quʃlɑˈwɯɕ)) is a village (selo) in Arsky District, Republic of Tatarstan, Russia, located 24 kilometers (15 mi) north-west of Arsk, district's administrative center.	Koshlauch	Russia
country	Oqkurgan (Persian: آق‌کورگان ‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Oqkurgan	Tajikistan
country	GAIS is one of the oldest football clubs in Sweden.	GAIS	Sweden
country	Civita di Bagnoregio is a town in the Province of Viterbo in central Italy, a frazione of the comune of Bagnoregio, 1 kilometre (0.6 miles) east from it.	Civita di Bagnoregio	Italy
country	Boesmansriviermond (Bushman's River Mouth) is a town in Ndlambe Local Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.	Boesmansriviermond	South Africa
country	Yongtai County (Chinese: 永泰; pinyin: Yǒngtài; Foochow Romanized: Īng-tái) is a county of eastern Fujian province, People's Republic of China.	Yongtai County	People's Republic of China
country	Cité Soleil (Haitian Creole: Site Solèy; English: Sun City) is an extremely impoverished and densely populated commune (``city'') located in the Port-au-Prince metropolitan area in Haiti.	Cité Soleil	Haiti
country	The Fort of Pessegueiro Island (Portuguese: Forte da ilha do Pessegueiro) is a fort situated on the island of Pessegueiro, off the coast of the civil parish of Porto Covo, municipality of Sines, in the southern Alentejo of Portugal.	Fort of Pessegueiro Island	Portugal
country	Mokoia is a small settlement in south Taranaki, in the western North Island of New Zealand.	Mokoia	New Zealand
country	Nam Tok Mae Surin, also known as Mae Surin Falls, are waterfalls in Thailand's Mae Hong Son Province.	Mae Surin Falls	Thailand
country	Mount John Laurie is a mountain in the Canadian Rockies, located in the province of Alberta, Canada.	Mount John Laurie	Canada
country	Jozerand (since June 2009, formerly Joserand) is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne in central France.	Jozerand	France
country	Voinjama is a small city that serves as the capital of Lofa County, Liberia and is located in the hilly, far northern part of the country near the Guinean border.	Voinjama	Liberia
country	El Chupadero is a town in the municipality of Santa Rita, Chalatenango, El Salvador.	El Chupadero	El Salvador
country	Kërçinë (Albanian: Kërçinë; Macedonian: Крчин, Krčin) is a peak in the mountain of Dešat located in eastern Albania and western Macedonia.	Kërçinë	Albania
country	In 1878, after the Romanian War of Independence, Constanța and the rest of Northern Dobruja were ceded by the Ottoman Empire to Romania.	Constanța	Ottoman Empire
country	Nordsida Church (Norwegian: Nordsida kyrkje) is a parish church in Stryn Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Nordsida Church	Norway
country	The Trade Tower in Gangnam district, Seoul, is one of South Korea's tallest buildings.	Trade Tower	South Korea
country	Delitzsch (German pronunciation: (ˈdeːlɪtʃ), Slavic: delč or delčz for hill) is a town in the Free State of Saxony in Germany.	Delitzsch	Germany
country	Ladrillar, also known by its extremaduran name Ladrillal, is a municipality located in Las Hurdes, province of Cáceres, Extremadura, Spain.	Ladrillar	Spain
country	San Vendemiano is a municipality in the province of Treviso, northern Italy, 30 kilometres (19 mi) from Treviso.	San Vendemiano	Italy
country	Syangja is the main settlement of Putalibazar Municipality, the headquarters of Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of Nepal.	Syangja	Nepal
country	Yalding House is a building at 152--156 Great Portland Street, London, United Kingdom owned by the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) which from 1952 until 2013 housed the corporation's music department.	Yalding House	United Kingdom
country	Nizwa (Arabic: نزوى‎) is the largest city in the Ad Dakhiliyah Region in Oman and was the capital of Oman proper.	Nizwa	Oman
country	Anfu County (simplified Chinese: 安福县; traditional Chinese: 安福縣; pinyin: Ānfú Xiàn) is a county of Jiangxi province, People's Republic of China.	Anfu County	People's Republic of China
country	Schelten (La Scheulte in French) is a municipality in the Jura bernois administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.	Schelten	Switzerland
country	The Viktualienmarkt is a daily food market and a square in the center of Munich, Germany.	Viktualienmarkt	Germany
country	Palykorovy (Ukrainian: Паликорови) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Palykorovy	Ukraine
country	Sygynnakh (Russian: Сыгыннах) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Arbynsky Rural Okrug of Namsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 90 kilometers (56 mi) from Namtsy, the administrative center of the district.	Sygynnakh	Russia
country	Myrtou (Greek: Μύρτου, Turkish: Çamlıbel) is a town in the Kyrenia District of Cyprus, north of the city of Morphou.	Myrtou	Cyprus
country	Frielas (Portuguese pronunciation: (fɾiˈɛlɐʃ)) is a former civil parish in the municipality of Loures, Lisbon District, Portugal.	Frielas	Portugal
country	The Port of Pyeongtaek-Dangjin is a port in South Korea, located in the cities of Pyeongtaek and Dangjin.	Port of Pyeongtaek-Dangjin	South Korea
country	The Royal Navy (RN) is the United Kingdom's principal naval warfare force.	Royal Navy	United Kingdom
country	The Third Option was a proposal from Canadian Secretary of State for External Affairs Minister Mitchell Sharp in 1972 which would have reduced trade and cultural relations between Canada and the United States and allowed for more diversification of bilateral agreements.	Third Option	Canada
country	Amaliehaven (English: The Amalie Garden) is a small park located between Amalienborg Palace and the waterfront in the Frederiksstaden neighbourhood of central Copenhagen, Denmark.	Amaliehaven	Denmark
country	Areguá (Spanish pronunciation: (aɾeˈɣwa)) is a city in Paraguay; located 28 km away from the capital city Asunción.	Areguá	Paraguay
country	José Fassardi is a village and distrito in the Guairá Department of Paraguay.	José Fassardi	Paraguay
country	The Citadelle Laferrière or, Citadelle Henry Christophe, or simply the Citadelle (English: Citadel), is a large mountaintop fortress in northern Haiti, approximately 17 miles (27 km) south of the city of Cap-Haïtien and five miles (8 km) uphill from the town of Milot.	Citadelle Laferrière	Haiti
country	Gorzanów (ɡɔˈʐanuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bystrzyca Kłodzka, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Gorzanów	Poland
country	The Brussels Cemetery (French: Cimetière de Bruxelles, Dutch: Begraafplaats Van de Stad Brussel) is a cemetery situated in Evere (Brussels), Belgium.	Brussels Cemetery	Belgium
country	Gintro (ˈɡintrɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Targ, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gintro	Poland
country	Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Valenzuela (PLV) or University of the City of Valenzuela is a city government-run public university located in Valenzuela, Philippines.	Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Valenzuela	Philippines
country	The Moramanga District is a district in the Alaotra-Mangoro region in Madagascar.	Moramanga District	Madagascar
country	The Valdivia Pulp Mill or Planta Valdivia is a pulp mill and biomass-fueled electrical generating station in San José de la Mariquina, Los Ríos Region, Chile.	Valdivia Pulp Mill	Chile
country	Slavonski Šamac is a village and a port on the river Sava in Croatia.	Slavonski Šamac	Croatia
country	The Alssund is the narrow strait between Als island and the mainland of Jutland, in Denmark.	Alssund	Denmark
country	Pravda Castle was a castle, the remains of which can be found on the hill above the village of Pnětluky in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.	Pravda Castle	Czech Republic
country	Commune III (Niamey), also known as Niamey III, is an urban commune in Niger.	Commune III (Niamey)	Niger
country	Genagra (Greek: Γέναγρα, Turkish: Nergizli) is a village in the Famagusta District of Cyprus, located 5 km southwest of Lefkoniko, just south of Lefkoniko Airport.	Genagra	Cyprus
country	Vestiena Manor (Latvian: Vestienas muižas pils) is a manor house in the historical region of Vidzeme, in northern Latvia.	Vestiena Manor	Latvia
country	Bonghwang Station (Hangul: 봉황역; hanja: 鳳凰驛) is a station of the BGLRT Line of Busan Metro in Jeonha-dong, Gimhae, South Korea.	Bonghwang Station	South Korea
country	Guelph Central Station (also known as Guelph Central GO Station) is the main inter-modal transportation terminal in Guelph, Ontario, Canada.	Guelph Central Station	Canada
country	Mount Smolikas (Greek: Σμόλικας, Aromanian: Smolcu) is a mountain in the Ioannina regional unit, northwestern Greece.	Smolikas	Greece
country	Wierzysko (vjɛˈʐɨskɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wierzysko	Poland
country	Zavora is a beach, north east of Maputo in Mozambique, in the district of Inharrime, province of Inhambane.	Zavora	Mozambique
country	Garni (Armenian: Գառնի), is a major village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.	Garni	Armenia
country	Zarzew (ˈzaʐɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Zarzew	Poland
country	The Murray Collection is a collection of philatelic material relating to China that forms part of the British Library Philatelic Collections.	Murray Collection	China
country	Seka Chekorsa (also transliterated Seqqa Chekorsa) is a town in southern Ethiopia.	Seka Chekorsa	Ethiopia
country	Xagħra (Maltese: Ix-Xagħra) is a village on the island of Gozo in Malta.	Xagħra	Malta
country	The Opernplatz (Opera Square) is a central city square in Frankfurt, Germany, located in the district of Innenstadt and within the central business district known as the Bankenviertel.	Opernplatz	Germany
country	Clonfert Cathedral is a cathedral of the Church of Ireland in Clonfert, County Galway in Ireland.	Clonfert Cathedral	Ireland
country	Terlizzi is a town and comune of the region of Apulia in southern Italy, in the province of Bari, lying to the west of the seaport of Bari on the Adriatic Sea, in the midst of a fertile plain.	Terlizzi	Italy
country	Campeonato Paranaense, which has been contested since 1915, is the top-flight football league of the state of Paraná, Brazil.	Campeonato Paranaense	Brazil
country	Gharghan (Persian: غرغن‎, also Romanized as Gharghen) is a village in Varzaq-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Faridan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Gharghan	Iran
country	Porządzie (pɔˈʐɔnd͡ʑe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rząśnik, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Porządzie	Poland
country	Vaara is a district of the city centre area of Oulu, Finland.	Vaara	Finland
country	Squitty Bay Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on Lasqueti Island in the Northern Gulf Islands of the Strait of Georgia region.	Squitty Bay Provincial Park	Canada
country	The Dupong-Krier Ministry took office in Luxembourg on 5 November 1937 after the resignation of the prime minister Joseph Bech, due to the result of a referendum on the so-called Maulkuerfgesetz (muzzle law).	Dupong-Krier Ministry	Luxembourg
country	The Peloponnesian Folklore Foundation ``Vas. Papantoniou'' or PFF (Greek: Πελοποννησιακό Λαογραφικό Ίδρυμα also known as ΠΛΙ) is a nonprofit cultural institution and museum based in Nafplion, Greece.	Peloponnesian Folklore Foundation	Greece
country	Peralada (Catalan pronunciation: (pəɾəˈɫaðə)) is a village in province of Girona, Catalonia, Spain.	Peralada	Spain
country	Viline Vode (Serbian Cyrillic: Вилине Воде) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Viline Vode	Serbia
country	Kurtan (Armenian: Կուրթան) is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Kurtan	Armenia
country	The Hochburg (``high castle'') is a castle ruin situated between the two cities of Emmendingen and Sexau in the region of Baden, located in the southwest of Germany.	Hochburg	Germany
country	Klutajny (kluˈtai̯nɨ) (German: Klotainen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiwity, within Lidzbark County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Klutajny	Poland
country	Lago di Viverone (in Piedmontese Lagh ëd Vivron) is a lake in northern Italy.	Lago di Viverone	Italy
country	The Suzhou North Railway Station (Chinese: 苏州北站) is a high-speed railway station in Suzhou, Jiangsu, People's Republic of China.	Suzhou North Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	The Chicoana are a Diaguita tribe in the Salta Province, Argentina.	Chicoana	Argentina
country	Vllahat is a village in Vlorë County in southern Albania, 13 km northeast of Saranda and 2 km southeast of Delvina.	Vllahat	Albania
country	The Barcelona School of Informatics (Catalan: Facultat d'Informàtica de Barcelona, FIB; IPA: (fəkuɫˈtad dimfurˈmatikə ðə βərsəˈɫonə)) is one of the schools of the Universitat Politècnica de Catalunya (Technical University of Catalonia), Spain.	Barcelona School of Informatics	Spain
country	The Horseshoe Canyon Formation is a stratigraphic unit of the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin in southwestern Alberta.	Horseshoe Canyon Formation	Canada
country	Grătiești is a commune in Sectorul Rîșcani of Chișinău municipality, Moldova.	Grătiești	Moldova
country	Kłapówka (kwaˈpufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolbuszowa, within Kolbuszowa County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Kłapówka	Poland
country	Sklabiná (Hungarian: Mikszáthfalva; formerly Szklabonya) is a village and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.	Sklabiná	Slovakia
country	Shirmisheh (Persian: شيرميشه‎, also Romanized as Shīrmīsheh; also known as Sharmashah, Sharmashakh, and Shīrsheh) is a village in Chavarzaq Rural District, Chavarzaq District, Tarom County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Shirmisheh	Iran
country	Blagaj is a village-town (kasaba) in the south-eastern region of the Mostar basin, in the Herzegovina-Neretva Canton of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Blagaj	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Nuaimi Tower (Arabic: برج النعيمي‎) is a 40-floor residential tower in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Nuaimi Tower	United Arab Emirates
country	Hajji Eynak (Persian: حاجي اينك‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī ``Eynak and Ḩājjī Īnak; also known as Āqbolāgh) is a village in Anguran Rural District, Anguran District, Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 25, in 5 families.	Hajji Eynak	Iran
country	Sarumeh (Persian: سرومه‎, also Romanized as Sarūmeh) is a village in Gavkan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sarumeh	Iran
country	Maldaha (Vidhan Sabha constituency) (spelt by Election Commission of India as ``Maldaha'' and earlier spelt as Malda) is a assembly constituency in Maldah district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Maldaha (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	India
country	Novelda (Valencian: (noˈvɛɫda); Spanish: (noˈβelda)) is a town located in the province of Alicante, Spain.	Novelda	Spain
country	Seondo-dong is an administrative dong or neighbourhood in the administrative subdivisions of the Gyeongju City, North Gyeongsang province, South Korea.	Seondo-dong	South Korea
country	Mécheria is a small city situated in Naâma Province, Algeria in the Atlas mountains, capital of Mécheria District.	Mécheria	Algeria
country	The Victorian Tertiary Admissions Centre (VTAC) is the administrative body which processes applications for universities (and other tertiary institutions) in the state of Victoria (Australia).	Victorian Tertiary Admissions Centre	Australia
country	Qila Ladgasht is small town located in Mashkel tehsil in Kharan District, Balochistan, Pakistan.	Qila Ladgasht	Pakistan
country	Kayseri Atatürk Stadium, opened in 1964, was a multi-purpose stadium in Kayseri, Turkey.	Kayseri Atatürk Stadium	Turkey
country	Chah Bahram (Persian: چاه بهرام‎, also Romanized as Chāh Bahrām) is a village in Golestan Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chah Bahram	Iran
country	San Glorio is a mountain pass in the Cantabrian Mountains of Northern Spain.	San Glorio	Spain
country	Azizak Rural District (Persian: دهستان عزيزك‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Bahnemir District, Babolsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Azizak Rural District	Iran
country	Mthatha River or Umtata River (Xhosa: 'mtathe Bawo) is a river in the Eastern Cape Province in South Africa.	Mthatha River	South Africa
country	Freshwater Place is a premium high-rise residential skyscraper in the Southbank district of Melbourne, Australia.	Freshwater Place	Australia
country	Chalandritsa (Greek: Χαλανδρίτσα) is a town and a community in Achaea, West Greece, Greece.	Chalandritsa	Greece
country	Mazraeh-ye Gorgiabad (Persian: مزرعه گرگي آباد‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Gorgīābād) is a village in Rigestan Rural District, Zavareh District, Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Gorgiabad	Iran
country	Sincik is a remote district of Adıyaman Province of Turkey with a population of 4,262.	Sincik	Turkey
country	Mohammadyar (Persian: محمديار‎; also Romanized as Moḩammadyār, Moḩammad Yār, and Muhammadiar) is a city in and the capital of Mohammadyar District, in Naqadeh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mohammadyar	Iran
country	Dheedwal is a town 17 kilometers from Chakwal in Punjab, Pakistan.	Dheedwal	Pakistan
country	Keskil (Russian: Кескил) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Sasylsky Rural Okrug in Tomponsky District of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 40 kilometers (25 mi) from Khandyga, the administrative center of the district.	Keskil	Russia
country	Kampong Bukit Sawat is a village located in Mukim Bukit Sawat of the Belait District in Brunei.	Kampong Bukit Sawat	Brunei
country	Bas Saruq (Persian: بس ساروق‎, also Romanized as Bās Sārūq; also known as Bas Sārū, Bāsh Sārūq, and Sārūj) is a village in Sarjam Rural District, Ahmadabad District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bas Saruq	Iran
country	Dragočava (Serbian Cyrillic: Драгочава) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Dragočava	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Amirim (Hebrew: אֲמִירִים, lit. Treetops) is a moshav in northern Israel.	Amirim	Israel
country	Rwamagana is a city and capital of both Rwamagana district and the Eastern Province of Rwanda	Rwamagana	Rwanda
country	The Clementi Police Division (or 'D' Division, Chinese: 金文泰警区) is a police division of the Singapore Police Force.	Clementi Police Division	Singapore
country	Alejandro Selkirk Island (Spanish: Isla Alejandro Selkirk), previously known as Más Afuera (Farther Out (to Sea)) and renamed after the marooned sailor Alexander Selkirk, is the largest and most westerly island in the Juan Fernández Archipelago of the Valparaíso Region of Chile.	Alejandro Selkirk Island	Chile
country	Kwamouth is a small community in the Plateaux District of Bandundu Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Kwamouth	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	As-Salif (Arabic: الصليف‎, As-Sālif, also transliterated as al-Salif) is a coastal village in western Yemen.	As-Salif	Yemen
country	Rogolin (rɔˈɡɔlin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rogolin	Poland
country	Baba Aman Rural District (Persian: دهستان باباامان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Baba Aman Rural District	Iran
country	The Glen Shopping Centre is a major regional shopping centre located in Glen Waverley, Victoria, Australia.	The Glen Shopping Centre	Australia
country	Alijó (Portuguese pronunciation: (ɐliˈʒɔ)) is a municipality in the Norte Region of Portugal, located in the district of Vila Real.	Alijó	Portugal
country	The Jicatuyo River is a river in the Santa Barbara Department in Honduras which flows into the Ulúa River.	Jicatuyo River	Honduras
country	The Belgian School at Athens ; (Dutch: Belgische School te Athene; French: École Belge d'Athènes; Greek: Βελγική Σχολή Αθηνών) is one of the 17 foreign archaeological institutes operating in Athens, Greece.	Belgian School at Athens	Greece
country	Ali Beyk (Persian: علي بيك‎, also Romanized as ``Alī Beyk and ``Alī Beyg) is a village in Sahra Rural District, Anabad District, Bardaskan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 149, in 37 families.	Ali Beyk	Iran
country	Motueka Aerodrome (IATA: MZP, ICAO: NZMK) is the airport serving Motueka, New Zealand and is owned and managed by Tasman District Council.	Motueka Aerodrome	New Zealand
country	Koprivnica (pronounced (kɔ̝̌priːv̞nit͡sa)) is a city in northern Croatia.	Koprivnica	Croatia
country	Yana Q'asa (Quechua yana black, q'asa mountain pass, hispanicized spelling Yanajasa) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,200 metres (17,060 ft) high.	Yana Q'asa	Peru
country	Wyżnianka (vɨʐˈɲaŋka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzkowice, within Kraśnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wyżnianka	Poland
country	Piškorevci is a village in eastern Croatia located south of Đakovo.	Piškorevci	Croatia
country	Kimberley Downs Station, commonly referred to as Kimberley Downs, is a pastoral lease that operates as a cattle station in Western Australia.	Kimberley Downs	Australia
country	Sahray-ye Bagh Rural District (Persian: دهستان صحرائ باغ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Sahray-ye Bagh District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Sahray-ye Bagh Rural District	Iran
country	Roszczep (ˈrɔʂt͡ʂɛp) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klembów, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Roszczep	Poland
country	The 2010 LG Hockey Games will be held in Stockholm, Sweden, from 29 April to 2 May.	2010 LG Hockey Games	Sweden
country	The Swedish National Audit Office (NAO, Swedish: Riksrevisionen) is the agency responsible for oversight of the state finances through financial and performance-based audits of state agencies, state-owned companies and the Government of Sweden.	Swedish National Audit Office	Sweden
country	Pinar del Río was one of the last major cities in Cuba founded by the Spanish.	Pinar del Río	Cuba
country	Alejandro Velasco Astete International Airport (IATA: CUZ, ICAO: SPZO) is located in the city of Cusco, in southeastern Peru.	Alejandro Velasco Astete International Airport	Peru
country	Victoria Trail is an arterial road under construction in northeast Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Victoria Trail	Canada
country	Santa Catarina State University (Portuguese: Universidade do Estado de Santa Catarina, UDESC) is a university in Brazil.	Santa Catarina State University	Brazil
country	Jabłoń-Jankowce (ˈjabwɔɲ janˈkɔft͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Jabłoń-Jankowce	Poland
country	Guged (Persian: گوگد‎‎, also Romanized as Gouged, Gūged, Googad, and Gūgad) is a city in the Central District of Golpayegan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Guged	Iran
country	Parapotamos (Greek: Παραπόταμος; Albanian: Varfanj) is a village and a former municipality in Thesprotia, Epirus, Greece.	Parapotamos	Greece
country	Holon Institute of Technology (HIT) (Hebrew: מכון טכנולוגי חולון‎), is an academic institution of higher learning in Holon, Israel.	Holon Institute of Technology	Israel
country	Brædstrup is a former railway town in Jutland, Denmark at the railway between Horsens and Silkeborg which was closed in 1968.	Brædstrup	Denmark
country	Huvinahippargi also Huvin Hipparagi is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India.	Huvinahippargi	India
country	Valle Canal Novo is a nature reserve near Marano, a small town in the north east of Italy.	Valle Canal Novo	Italy
country	Concept School of Learning Abbottabad is a privately run high school on Abbottabad, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.	Concept School of Learning	Pakistan
country	Troškūnai ( pronunciation ) is the second smallest city in Lithuania.	Troškūnai	Lithuania
country	Barga is a medieval town and comune of the province of Lucca in Tuscany, central Italy.	Barga	Italy
country	Lok Wah Estate (Chinese: 樂華邨; pinyin: Lèhuácūn; Jyutping: lok6 waa4 cyun1) is a public housing estate located in Ngau Tau Kok, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong.	Lok Wah Estate	Hong Kong
country	The Zillertal (``Ziller valley'') is a valley in Tyrol, Austria that is drained by the Ziller river.	Zillertal	Austria
country	Namco Namja Town is an indoor theme park in the Sunshine City shopping complex in east Ikebukuro, Toshima, Tokyo, Japan.	Namco Namja Town	Japan
country	Midsund Bridge (Norwegian: Midsundbrua) is a reinforced concrete arch bridge that crosses the Midsundet strait between the islands of Otrøya and Midøya in Midsund Municipality, Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Midsund Bridge	Norway
country	Newnham Bridge is a village in the parish of Knighton on Teme, near Tenbury Wells, Worcestershire, England, United Kingdom.	Newnham Bridge	United Kingdom
country	Lake Ledinci (Serbian Latin: Ledinačko jezero; Serbian Cyrillic: Лединачко језеро) was a small artificial lake on the mountain of Fruška Gora, near Novi Sad, in the Srem region of the Vojvodina province of Serbia.	Lake Ledinci	Serbia
country	Budmerice (Hungarian: Gidrafa) is a village and municipality in western Slovakia in Pezinok District in the Bratislava region.	Budmerice	Slovakia
country	Ceadîr-Lunga (Romanian pronunciation: (t͡ʃaˈdɨr ˈluŋɡa), also spelled Ceadâr-Lunga; Gagauz: Çadır-Lunga) is a city in Gagauzia, Moldova.	Ceadîr-Lunga	Moldova
country	The San Francisco de Miculla petroglyphs, commonly known as the Miculla petroglyphs, are petroglyphs located 22 kilometres (14 mi) from Tacna, Peru.	Miculla petroglyphs	Peru
country	Malintrat is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme département in Auvergne in central France.	Malintrat	France
country	Modzurów (mɔˈd͡zuruf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik, within Racibórz County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Modzurów	Poland
country	Wabigoon Lake Ojibway Nation, or commonly as Wabigoon First Nation (Anishinaabemowin: Waabigoniiw Saaga'iganiiw Anishinaabeg), is a Saulteaux First Nation band government who inhabit the Kenora District in northwestern Ontario, Canada.	Wabigoon Lake Ojibway Nation	Canada
country	Caorso Nuclear Power Plant was a nuclear power plant at Caorso in Italy.	Caorso Nuclear Power Plant	Italy
country	Osijek (pronounced (ôsijeːk)) is the fourth largest city in Croatia with a population of 108,048 in 2011.	Osijek	Croatia
country	Kurgan West was an air base in Russia located 25 km west of Kurgan.	Kurgan West	Russia
country	Apúlia is a town and a former civil parish in the municipality of Esposende, Portugal.	Apúlia	Portugal
country	Nimbeluk (Persian: نيمبلوك‎, also Romanized as Nīmbelūḵ) is a city in, and the seat of, Nimbeluk District, in Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Nimbeluk	Iran
country	Bucharest North railway station (Romanian: București Gara de Nord) is the main railway station in Bucharest and the largest railway station in Romania.	Bucharest North railway station	Romania
country	Witkoppen is a main road as well as suburb of Johannesburg, South Africa.	Witkoppen	South Africa
country	Mondulkiri Protected Forest is located in eastern Cambodia and is part of maybe the largest protected area complex in southeast Asia.	Mondulkiri Protected Forest	Cambodia
country	Pajkež (pronounced (ˈpaːi̯kɛʃ); also Zgornja Blaževica, German: Oberblaschowitz) is a former settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in southern Slovenia.	Pajkež	Slovenia
country	Haft Cheshmeh-ye Zangivand (Persian: هفت چشمه زنگيوند‎, also Romanized as Haft Cheshmeh-ye Zangīvand; also known as Haft Cheshmeh) is a village in Nurali Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Haft Cheshmeh-ye Zangivand	Iran
country	Tropfest Arabia was first held in November 2011 in Abu Dhabi, the United Arab Emirates.	Tropfest Arabia	United Arab Emirates
country	Eleja parish (Latvian: Elejas pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Jelgava Municipality, Latvia.	Eleja parish	Latvia
country	The table below reports data on Inishbiggle's population taken from Discover the Islands of Ireland (Alex Ritsema, Collins Press, 1999) and the Census of Ireland.	Inishbiggle	Ireland
country	Fanfreluche was a French-language Canadian children's television show made in Quebec by Radio-Canada.	Fanfreluche	Canada
country	The Pearce, Urquhart and Hervey Islands Important Bird Area consists of three small adjacent islands, with a collective area of 9 ha, in the western Gulf of Carpentaria's Sir Edward Pellew Group of Islands, in the Northern Territory of Australia.	Pearce, Urquhart and Hervey Islands Important Bird Area	Australia
country	La Benâte is a former commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Aquitaine-Limousin-Poitou-Charentes region in southwestern France.	La Benâte	France
country	Jarok (locally known as Íreg) is a village and municipality in the Nitra District in western central Slovakia, in the Nitra Region.	Jarok	Slovakia
country	The Weschnitz Valley Railway (German: Weschnitztalbahn) is a railway line in Germany that runs from Weinheim an der Bergstraße the in the valley of the River Weschnitz to Fürth im Odenwald.	Weschnitz Valley Railway	Germany
country	The Zoological Museum of Moscow University is the second largest zoological museum in Russia (the largest is the Zoological Museum in St.Petersburg) and one of the twelve largest in the world.	Zoological Museum of Moscow University	Russia
country	Weston Island is an uninhabited island in James Bay and is part of Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Weston Island	Canada
country	Bajramovići (Serbian: Бајрамовићи) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bajramovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Osinsky Uyezd (Russian: Осинский уезд) was an administrative division of Perm Governorate, Russian Empire, which existed in 1781-1923.	Osinsky Uyezd	Russian Empire
country	Les Arcs is a ski resort located in Savoie, France, in the Tarentaise Valley town of Bourg-Saint-Maurice.	Les Arcs	France
country	The Taguig River is a river of the Philippines, a tributary of the Pasig River.	Taguig River	Philippines
country	The St. Donatian's Cathedral (Dutch: Sint-Donaaskathedraal) was a Roman Catholic cathedral in Bruges, Belgium.	St. Donatian's Cathedral	Belgium
country	The Valle di Comino is a valley in the province of Frosinone, in Lazio in central Italy.	Valle di Comino	Italy
country	Wilhelmsfeld is a municipality in the Rhein-Neckar-Kreis of Baden-Württemberg in Germany.	Wilhelmsfeld	Germany
country	Lëkurës is a village in Sarandë, Vlorë County, southwestern Albania.	Lëkurës	Albania
country	Tsamakaberd, is a residential neighborhood in the town of Sevan of Gegharkunik Province, Armenia.	Tsamakaberd	Armenia
country	The Luarica diamond mine is a diamond mine located in Angola.	Luarica diamond mine	Angola
country	Dębostrów (dɛmˈbɔstruf) (German: Damuster) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Police, within Police County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Dębostrów	Poland
country	Trégastel (Breton: Tregastell) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of the region of Brittany in northwestern France.	Trégastel	France
country	On 16 March 2005, Regional Airlines Flight 9288 crashed on approach to Varandey Airport in Russia's Nenetskiy Avtonomnyy Okrug, killing 28 of the 52 people on board.	Regional Airlines Flight 9288	Russia
country	Trogkofel (Creta di Aipin Italian) (2,280 m) is a mountain of the Carnic Alps lying on the border of Friuli, Italy and Carinthia, Austria.	Trogkofel	Italy
country	The Santa Rosa local fauna consists of the animals found in the Paleogene fossil site of Santa Rosa in eastern Peru.	Santa Rosa local fauna	Peru
country	Padure parish (Latvian: Padures pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Kuldīga Municipality, Latvia.	Padure parish	Latvia
country	Sauviat (Occitan: Sauviac) is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne in central France.	Sauviat	France
country	Omalinde Land District is one of the land districts (cadastral divisions) of Western Australia, located within the Kimberley Division of the state.	Omalinde Land District	Australia
country	The Swedish Committee Against Antisemitism (Swedish: Svenska Kommittén Mot Antisemitism, SKMA) is a Sweden-based non-profit organization, founded in 1983, that works to counteract and spread knowledge about antisemitism.	Swedish Committee Against Antisemitism	Sweden
country	J. H Bannatyne, Letter from J. H Bannatyne to Other Windsor Berry Esq. relating to the Myall Creek Massacre, 17 December 1838 The Myall Creek massacre has been claimed to be the first and only time in Australia's history that Europeans were executed for the massacre of Australian Aborigines.	Myall Creek massacre	Australia
country	Besuki is the name of a district (kecamatan) in Situbondo Regency, East Java, Indonesia with an area of 26.08 km2.	Besuki	Indonesia
country	Seibersdorf is an Austrian market town with 1,283 residents in the District of Baden in Lower Austria.	Seibersdorf	Austria
country	Newmarket GO Station is a train station in the GO Transit network located in the Old Davis Tannery Centre on the north side of Davis Drive East in Newmarket, Ontario, Canada, and is a stop on the Barrie line train service.	Newmarket GO Station	Canada
country	Läggesta railway station is a railway station on Svealandsbanan near the small town of Mariefred in Strängnäs municipality, Sweden.	Läggesta railway station	Sweden
country	Mowtowr-e Yahya Belverdi (Persian: موتوريحيي بلوردي‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Yaḥya Belverdī) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Yahya Belverdi	Iran
country	Agatti Aerodrome (IATA: AGX, ICAO: VOAT) is located on the southern end of Agatti Island, in the union territory of Lakshadweep in India.	Agatti Aerodrome	India
country	Jørlunde church (Danish: Jørlunde kirke) is a late Viking age / early medieval church situated in Jørlunde, Denmark.	Jørlunde church	Denmark
country	Geusa is a village and a former municipality within the district Saalekreis, in the federal state of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Geusa	Germany
country	Els Segadors (Eastern Catalan: (əɫs səɣəˈðos), Western Catalan: (eɫs seɣaˈðos); ``The Reapers'') is the official national anthem of Catalonia (nationality and autonomous community of Spain).	Els Segadors	Spain
country	Kumane (Serbian Cyrillic: Кумане) is a village located in the Novi Bečej municipality, in the Central Banat District of Serbia.	Kumane	Serbia
country	Pamunuwa is a suburb of colombo city and near to Maharagama in Sri Lanka and is famous as a destination for clothing and textile.	Pamunuwa	Sri Lanka
country	Kadkhodalu (Persian: كدخدالو‎, also Romanized as Kadkhodālū) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Kadkhodalu	Iran
country	The Monument to Salavat Yulaev (Russian: Памятник Салавату Юлаеву, Bashkir: Салауат Юлаев һәйкәле, Salauat Yulaev ha’ka’le) is a monument in Ufa, Russia.	Monument to Salavat Yulaev	Russia
country	Balbharati (The Maharashtra State Bureau of Textbook Production and Curriculum Research) is located in Pune, Maharashtra, India.	Balbharati	India
country	Gasan-dong is a dong (neighbourhood) of Geumcheon-gu in Seoul, South Korea.	Gasan-dong	South Korea
country	The Oppau explosion occurred on September 21, 1921, when a tower silo storing 4,500 tonnes of a mixture of ammonium sulfate and ammonium nitrate fertilizer exploded at a BASF plant in Oppau, now part of Ludwigshafen, Germany, killing 500--600 people and injuring about 2,000 more.	Oppau explosion	Germany
country	Sporting Kristina (abbreviated Sporting) is a football club from Kristinestad (Finnish: Kristiinankaupunki), Finland.	Sporting Kristina	Finland
country	Neuweiler is a town in Germany, located in the Calw district and region of Karlsruhe of Baden-Württemberg.	Neuweiler	Germany
country	Transbaikal, Trans-Baikal, Transbaikalia (Russian: Забайка́лье, tr. Zabaykalye; IPA: (zəbɐjˈkalʲjɪ)), or Dauria (Даурия, Dauriya) is a mountainous region to the east of or ``beyond'' (trans-) Lake Baikal in Russia.	Transbaikal	Russia
country	The Progon family (Albanian: Progoni) established the first Albanian state, the Principality of Arbër, which fell under the influence of the Byzantine Empire, the Despotate of Epirus and the Serbian Kingdom.	Progon family	Despotate of Epirus
country	The Port of Beirut (Arabic: مرفأ بيروت‎) is the main port in Lebanon located on the eastern part of the Saint George Bay on Beirut's northern Mediterranean coast, west of the Beirut River.	Port of Beirut	Lebanon
country	The Burnakura Gold Mine is a gold mine located 50 km south of Meekatharra, Western Australia.	Burnakura Gold Mine	Australia
country	Blackwood High School is a co-educational secondary school located in Eden Hills, a south-eastern suburb of Adelaide, South Australia offering the International Baccalaureate Middle Years Programme with six nearby primary schools and Diploma Programme as the ``Mitcham Hills College''.	Blackwood High School	Australia
country	Boulevard Plaza is a complex contains Boulevard Plaza 1 and Boulevard Plaza 2 located in Downtown Dubai in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Boulevard Plaza	United Arab Emirates
country	Morszków (ˈmɔrʂkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna Lacka, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Morszków	Poland
country	Hong San See (Chinese: 凤山寺; pinyin: Fèngshān sì; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Hōng-suann-sī) is a Chinese temple in Singapore, and is located at Mohamed Sultan Road in the River Valley Planning Area, within the Central Area, Singapore's central business district.	Hong San See	Singapore
country	Kıbrıscık is a small town and district in Bolu Province of the Black Sea region of northwestern Turkey.	Kıbrıscık	Turkey
country	The Campeonato Fluminense was the football league of the state of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, during the period when the Guanabara state and the Rio de Janeiro state where two separated states.	Campeonato Fluminense	Brazil
country	As a result, efforts were made to attract a new kind of clientele, helped in no small part by the EMNID survey which named Bad Kissingen Germany's most well-known spa town.	Bad Kissingen	Germany
country	Sine-Saloum is a region in Senegal located north of the Gambia and south of the Petite Côte.	Sine-Saloum	Senegal
country	Agder Court of Appeal (Norwegian: Agder lagmannsrett) is the court of appeal located in Skien, Norway.	Agder Court of Appeal	Norway
country	Mount Shahdagh (Azerbaijani: Şahdağ) is a mountain peak of the Greater Caucasus range, located in Qusar rayon of Azerbaijan, close to the border with Russia.	Mount Shahdagh	Azerbaijan
country	Xerém is known for having one of the most important government agencies in Brazil, INMETRO.	Xerém	Brazil
country	Sátoraljaújhely (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈʃaːtorɒjːɒuːjhɛj); archaic German: Neustadt am Zeltberg ; Slovak: Nové Mesto pod Šiatrom; Yiddish: איהעל‎ (Ihel) or אוהעלי (Uhely)) is a town located in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén county in northern Hungary near the Slovak border.	Sátoraljaújhely	Hungary
country	Kaunas Cathedral Basilica (Lithuanian: Kauno Šv. apaštalų Petro ir Povilo arkikatedra bazilika) is a Roman Catholic cathedral basilica in Kaunas, Lithuania.	Kaunas Cathedral Basilica	Lithuania
country	Vassdalseggi is the tallest mountain in Rogaland county, Norway.	Vassdalseggi	Norway
country	The 1997 S.League was the 2nd season of the S.League, the top professional football league in Singapore.	1997 S.League	Singapore
country	Mazraeh-ye Mirha (Persian: مزرعه ميرها‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Mīrhā; also known as Nercheh Mīrā) is a village in Zarrin Rural District, Kharanaq District, Ardakan County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 97, in 31 families.	Mazraeh-ye Mirha	Iran
country	Lakereia (Greek: Λακέρεια) is a former municipality in the Larissa regional unit, Thessaly, Greece.	Lakereia	Greece
country	Abila Lysaniou or Abila Lysaniae or Abila was an ancient city, on the Abana River and capital of ancient Abilene, Coele-Syria.	Abila Lysaniou	Syria
country	Cape Sabine is a land point on Pim Island, in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Cape Sabine	Canada
country	Army Beach, Mazandaran (Persian: پلاژارتش‎ -- Plāzh-e Artash) is a village and military installation in Qareh Toghan Rural District, in the Central District of Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Army Beach, Mazandaran	Iran
country	The Branisko Tunnel is a road tunnel in eastern Slovakia.	Branisko Tunnel	Slovakia
country	Theodore Bruce Auctioneers and Valuers is Australia's oldest auction house, established in Adelaide in 1878 by parliamentarian, mayor and auctioneer Theodore Bruce.	Theodore Bruce Auctioneers	Australia
country	The High Commission of the Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States in Ottawa (OECS) was a regional High Commission office for multiple island-nations of the Eastern Caribbean located on Albert Street in Ottawa, Canada.	High Commission of the Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States in Ottawa	Canada
country	Siekierczyn (ɕɛˈkʲɛrt͡ʂɨn) (German: Geibsdorf) is a village in Lubań County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Siekierczyn	Poland
country	Givi Kiladze Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Kutaisi, Georgia used mostly for football matches.	Givi Kiladze Stadium	Georgia
country	Erumbeeswarar Temple in Thiruverumbur, Tamil Nadu, India, is a Hindu temple dedicated to the deity Shiva.	Erumbeeswarar Temple	India
country	Chuy (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈtʃwi)) is a city in the extreme east of Uruguay, in the Rocha Department, 340 kilometres (211 mi) northeast of Montevideo.	Chuy	Uruguay
country	Lakshminarasupeta is a village and a Mandal in Srikakulam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.	Lakshminarasupeta	India
country	Montagne du Charbon (1,932 m) is a mountain in the Bauges in Savoie, France.	Montagne du Charbon	France
country	Rytlów (ˈrɨtluf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Rytlów	Poland
country	Al `Awaliis a village in Al Madinah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.	Al `Awali	Saudi Arabia
country	Palazzo Uguccioni is a Renaissance palace on the Piazza della Signoria in Florence, central Italy.	Palazzo Uguccioni	Italy
country	Dadeh Beyglu (Persian: دده بيگلو‎, also Romanized as Dadeh Beyglū) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District, Meshgin-e Sharqi District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Dadeh Beyglu	Iran
country	Buhera District is a district in Zimbabwe	Buhera District	Zimbabwe
country	Mashta Azar (Arabic: مشتى عازار‎) is a village in northwestern Syria, located west of Homs in the Wadi al-Nasarah valley, a region north of Talkalakh.	Mashta Azar	Syria
country	Palazzo Priuli Bon is a Gothic-style palace on the Canal Grande, located between the Palazzo Duodo and the Campo of San Stae, in the sestiere of Santa Croce, in Venice, Italy.	Palazzo Priuli Bon	Italy
country	Jalan Tuanku Abdul Halim also known as Jalan Duta is a major highway in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Jalan Tuanku Abdul Halim	Malaysia
country	Nim Li Punit (/nim li puˈnit/) is a Maya Classic Period site in the Toledo District of the nation of Belize, located 40 kilometres north of the town of Punta Gorda, at 16° 19' N, 88° 47' 60W.	Nim Li Punit	Belize
country	Myrsini (Greek: Μυρσίνη, before 1915: Σουλεϊμάναγα - Souleimanaga) is a town in Elis, Greece.	Myrsini	Greece
country	San Antonio de los Cobres is a small town of population 5,482 (per the 2001 INDEC census) in northwestern Argentina.	San Antonio de los Cobres	Argentina
country	Targoszyce (tarɡɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Targoszyce	Poland
country	Sion Cathedral or the Cathedral of Our Lady of Sion (French: Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Sion, Cathédrale Notre-Dame du Glarier) is the Roman Catholic cathedral in Sion, Valais, Switzerland.	Sion Cathedral	Switzerland
country	Warka (ˈvarka) is a town in central Poland, located on the left bank of the Pilica river (60 km or 37 mi south of Warsaw), with 11,035 inhabitants (2004).	Warka	Poland
country	Sarov (Russian: Саро́в) is a closed town in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast, Russia.	Sarov	Russia
country	Payerne Priory (also known as Payerne Abbey, Abbey of Our Lady of Payerne or Peterlingen Priory) was a Cluniac monastery at Payerne, in Vaud, Switzerland.	Payerne Priory	Switzerland
country	Torlakovac is a small village near Donji Vakuf, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Torlakovac	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Founded in 1949, PIKO was once a state-owned enterprise in the German Democratic Republic (East Germany), supplying a major share of model trains in Eastern Europe.	PIKO	Germany
country	Chegeni-ye Olya (Persian: چگني عليا‎, also Romanized as Chegenī-ye ``Olyā; also known as Chegīnī) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District, Kuzaran District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 140, in 34 families.	Chegeni-ye Olya	Iran
country	Garapan is the largest village and the center of the tourism industry on the island of Saipan, which is a part of the United States Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands (CNMI).	Garapan	Northern Mariana Islands
country	Mission: 4Count is a Canadian television series that started airing in 2014 in Canada and on July 6, 2015 in the US.	Mission: 4Count	Canada
country	Dyleň (German: Tillenberg) is a mountain in the Karlovy Vary Region of western Bohemia, located roughly 100 metres (330 ft) from the Czech Republic--	Dyleň	Czech Republic
country	Panków (ˈpaŋkuf) (German: Penkendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Panków	Poland
country	Hamburg Observatory (German: Hamburger Sternwarte) is an astronomical observatory located in the Bergedorf borough of the city of Hamburg in northern Germany.	Hamburg Observatory	Germany
country	Vylkove (Ukrainian: Вилкове; Russian: Вилково; Romanian: Vâlcov) is a small city located in the Ukrainian part of the Danube Delta, at utmost South-West of Ukraine, on the border with Romania.	Vylkove	Ukraine
country	Groß Rosenburg is a village and a former municipality in the district Salzlandkreis, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Groß Rosenburg	Germany
country	InterContinental Geneva is a luxury hotel operated by InterContinental in Geneva, Switzerland.	InterContinental Geneva	Switzerland
country	Ukrinai (Samogitian: Okrėnā) is a village in Mažeikiai district municipality, Lithuania.	Ukrinai	Lithuania
country	De Dion-Bouton built railcars and railcar trailers used on many of the metre gauge railways in France and abroad.	De Dion-Bouton	France
country	Kola Tembien (Tigrinya: ቆላ ተምቤን ``Lower Tembien'') is one of the woredas in the Tigray Region of Ethiopia.	Kola Tembien	Ethiopia
country	Bikaner Technical University (BTU) (Hindi: बीकानेर तकनीकी विश्वविद्यालय) is a university located in Bikaner, Rajasthan, India.	Bikaner Technical University	India
country	Kherson (Ukrainian: Херсо́н; Russian: Херсо́н) is a city in southern Ukraine.	Kherson	Ukraine
country	Cesvaine parish (Latvian: Cesvaines pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Cesvaine Municipality, Latvia.	Cesvaine parish	Latvia
country	Uberach (German: Überach) is a former commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Uberach	France
country	The Park Hyatt Toronto is a Hyatt hotel in the Yorkville area of Toronto, Canada.	Park Hyatt Toronto	Canada
country	Mikołów (miˈkɔwuf) (German: Nikolai, Silesian: Mikołůw) is a town in Silesia in southern Poland, near Katowice.	Mikołów	Poland
country	Chalakudy River or Chalakudy Puzha is the fourth longest river in Kerala, India.	Chalakudy River	India
country	Donbas National Academy of Civil Engineering and Architecture (Ukrainian: Донбаська національна академія будівництва і архітектури; abbreviated ДонНАБА) is one of the largest engineering universities in Ukraine.	Donbas National Academy of Civil Engineering and Architecture	Ukraine
country	Chiomonte is famous too for its ice wine and is one of the few areas in Italy producing this type of wine.	Chiomonte	Italy
country	Zarrin Khul (Persian: زرين خول‎, also Romanized as Zarrīn Khūl and Zarrin Khool; also known as Zarī Khūl-e Pā’īn and Zarīn Khūl-e Pā’īn, and Zarrīn Khūl-e Pā’īn) is a village in Saghder Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Zarrin Khul	Iran
country	Carlopoli is a comune and town is the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy.	Carlopoli	Italy
country	Carne de chango (Spanish for ``monkey meat'') is a lime-marinated, smoke-cured cut of pork loin principally seen in the Catemaco region of the state of Veracruz in Mexico.	Carne de chango	Mexico
country	Gilgil, Kenya, is a town in Nakuru County, Kenya.	Gilgil	Kenya
country	The Mayfair Theatre, Dunedin, New Zealand, was opened on December 8, 1914 as the ``King Edward Picture Theatre''.	Mayfair Theatre, Dunedin	New Zealand
country	The 2012 Makhachkala attack occurred on 3 May 2012 after two suicide bombers detonated explosive-filled cars near a traffic police checkpoint in Makhachkala, a city in the republic of Dagestan, Russia, killing at least 13 people.	2012 Makhachkala attack	Russia
country	The Hikuwai River is a river of the northeastern North Island of New Zealand.	Hikuwai River	New Zealand
country	Volstroff (Lorraine Franconian Wolschdrëf and Wolschtrof) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Volstroff	France
country	The Church of the Multiplication of the Loaves and Fish, shortened to (The Church of the Multiplication), is a Roman Catholic church located at Tabgha, on the northwest shore of the Sea of Galilee in Israel.	Church of the Multiplication	Israel
country	The Benedictine Pannonhalma Archabbey or Territorial Abbey of Pannonhalma (lat. Archiabbatia or Abbatia Territorialis Sancti Martini in Monte Pannoniae) is a medieval building in Pannonhalma, one of the oldest historical monuments in Hungary.	Pannonhalma Archabbey	Hungary
country	Limache is the only commune of Chile that has two cities.	Limache	Chile
country	Stare Wypychy (ˈstarɛ vɨˈpɨxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somianka, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stare Wypychy	Poland
country	Kašperk Castle (German: Karlsberg) is a medieval castle placed in southwestern Bohemia (modern Czech Republic, former Crown of Bohemia).	Kašperk Castle	Czech Republic
country	The Ilots du Mouillage are three small islands in New Caledonia, an overseas territory of France.	Ilots du Mouillage	France
country	Miraševac (Serbian: Мирашевац) is a village in the municipality of Rača, Serbia.	Miraševac	Serbia
country	Seonggaksa was a temple located in Dochodo, South Jeolla, South Korea.	Seonggaksa	South Korea
country	Šebrelje (pronounced (ʃɛˈbɾeːljɛ)) is a village in the Municipality of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.	Šebrelje	Slovenia
country	The Váh (Slovak pronunciation: (ʋaːx); German: Waag; Hungarian: Vág; Polish: Wag) is the longest river within Slovakia.	Váh	Slovakia
country	La Broquerie is an unincorporated urban community in the Rural Municipality of La Broquerie, Manitoba, Canada.	La Broquerie, Manitoba	Canada
country	New Royal Fashions is a tailoring company located in Bangkok, Thailand.	New Royal Fashions	Thailand
country	Tihun is a village in Sogbini Chiefdom, Bonthe District in the Southern Province of Sierra Leone.	Tihun	Sierra Leone
country	Kuusisto Castle (Finnish: Kuusiston piispanlinna, Swedish: Kustö biskopsborg) was a medieval episcopal castle on an island of Kuusisto in Kaarina, Finland, near Turku.	Kuusisto Castle	Finland
country	Žvėrynas (literally the menagerie) is one of the older neighborhoods and smallest elderships in Vilnius, Lithuania.	Žvėrynas	Lithuania
country	The United Soccer Leagues (USL) is the organizer of several soccer leagues with teams in the United States, Canada and the Caribbean.	United Soccer Leagues	Canada
country	El Biar (from the Arabic ``الأبيار'' meaning ``The Wells'') is a suburb of Algiers, Algeria.	El Biar	Algeria
country	Owjak (Persian: اوجاك‎, also Romanized as Owjāk and Ūjāk) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Owjak	Iran
country	Prasat Muang Tam (Thai: ปราสาทเมืองต่ำ, rtgs: Prasat Mueang Tam, 'lowland castle') is a Khmer temple in Prakhon Chai district, Buri Ram Province, Thailand.	Prasat Muang Tam	Thailand
country	2007 Proximus Diamond Games was held in Sportpaleis, Antwerp, in Belgium; from 10--18 February.	2007 Proximus Diamond Games	Belgium
country	Nonantola is a town and comune in the province of Modena in the Emilia-Romagna region of northern Italy.	Nonantola	Italy
country	The Governor's Drive is a 2 to 9 lane, 58.3-kilometre (36.2 mi) network of roads and bridges traversing through the central cities and town in the province of Cavite, Philippines.	Governor's Drive	Philippines
country	Polski Trambesh Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Полски Тръмбеш) is a municipality (obshtina) in Veliko Tarnovo Province, Central-North Bulgaria, located in the Danubian Plain.	Polski Trambesh Municipality	Bulgaria
country	St. Albert Trail is a major arterial road connecting the cities of Edmonton and St. Albert, Alberta, Canada.	St. Albert Trail	Canada
country	In the Parliament of the United Kingdom, the area is covered by the larger Tonbridge and Malling Parliamentary Constituency and part of Chatham and Aylesford Parliament constituency.	Tonbridge and Malling	United Kingdom
country	Hasanpur, Mansehra is a small village of union council Malikpur, Mansehra District, situated between the villages of Sherpur and Malikpur in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, Pakistan.	Hasanpur, Mansehra	Pakistan
country	It is well known in Sweden as the central site of the annual Almedalen Week.	Almedalen	Sweden
country	The Ecomuseo della Montagna Pistoiese (Ecomuseum of the Pistoian Mountain Region) is a partly open-air museum, located in the mountainous part of the Province of Pistoia, Tuscany, Italy.	Ecomuseo della Montagna Pistoiese	Italy
country	Chashni Dan (Persian: چاشنيدان‎, also Romanized as Chāshnī Dān) is a village in Qaleh Tall Rural District, in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chashni Dan	Iran
country	Arpajon-sur-Cère (Occitan: Arpajon) is a French commune in the Cantal department in the Auvergne region of south-central France.	Arpajon-sur-Cère	France
country	Tamaraikulam is a village in India near Kanyakumari.	Tamaraikulam	India
country	Surigao Strait (Filipino: Kipot ng Surigaw) is a strait in the southern Philippines, between the Bohol Sea and the Leyte Gulf of the Philippine Sea.	Surigao Strait	Philippines
country	Eti-Osa is a Local Government Area in the Lagos Division, of Lagos State, Nigeria.	Eti-Osa	Nigeria
country	Karahsi (Persian: كره سي‎, also Romanized as Karahsī, Karehsī, and Korrehsī; also known as Karkeseh, Karrahseh, and Korsī) is a village in Abidar Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Karahsi	Iran
country	Bochov (German: Buchau) is a small town (1226 inhabitants in 2011) in the Karlovy Vary Region, Czech Republic.	Bochov	Czech Republic
country	Pampanga National High School (also known as Pampanga High School or PHS) is a high school in the City of San Fernando, Pampanga, Philippines.	Pampanga High School	Philippines
country	St Joseph's International Catholic College, also known as Joeys, is an international school in Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea.	St Joseph's International Catholic College	Papua New Guinea
country	Vrbovka (Hungarian: Ipolyvarbó) is a municipality (village) in southern Slovakia.	Vrbovka	Slovakia
country	The Ulhas River is an important west flowing river in Western India in the state of Maharashtra draining an area 4,637 km2 in size.	Ulhas River	India
country	Brezovica Žumberačka is a settlement in Croatia, part of the Ozalj municipality in Karlovac County.	Brezovica Žumberačka	Croatia
country	Al-Laqbah (Arabic: اللقبة‎, also spelled al-Laqbeh or Laqbee) is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Hama Governorate, located west of Hama.	Al-Laqbah	Syria
country	Krompachy (German: Krompach, Hungarian: Korompa) is a town in Slovakia, with a rich mining and metallurgical history, well-known both in Slovakia and in its close neighboring countries for its Plejsy ski center.	Krompachy	Slovakia
country	Lierna Castle (Italian: Castello di Lierna) is an Italian castle on the eastern side of Lake Como in Lombardy, Italy.	Lierna Castle	Italy
country	Starzyna (staˈʐɨna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubicze Cerkiewne, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Starzyna	Poland
country	The Norwegian Tax Administration (Norwegian: Skatteetaten) is a government agency responsible for resident registration and tax collection in Norway.	Norwegian Tax Administration	Norway
country	The Cardiff Locomotive Workshops were situated between Cockle Creek and Cardiff stations near Newcastle on the Main North railway line in New South Wales, Australia.	Cardiff Locomotive Workshops	Australia
country	Szentlőrinc (Croatian: Selurinac, Selovrenac, Selurac, Selurince, Selerenac) is a town in Baranya county, Hungary.	Szentlőrinc	Hungary
country	Kumagaya Athletic Stadium (熊谷陸上競技場) is a multi-use stadium in Kumagaya, Saitama, Japan.	Kumagaya Athletic Stadium	Japan
country	Cheshna Sar (Persian: چشناسر‎, also Romanized as Cheshnā Sar and Cheshnāsar) is a village in Deylaman Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Cheshna Sar	Iran
country	The Kemano Generating Station is situated 75 km (47 mi) southeast of Kitimat in the province of British Columbia, Canada.	Kemano Generating Station	Canada
country	Matanaka Farm is near Waikouaiti in Otago, New Zealand.	Matanaka Farm	New Zealand
country	Rivinletto Light is a sector light tower located on Kaasamatala, a small island at the mouth of river Kiiminkijoki in Haukipudas, Oulu, Finland.	Rivinletto Light	Finland
country	Nagygeresd is a village in Vas county, Hungary with a population 266 inhabitants by 1 January 2010.	Nagygeresd	Hungary
country	Gardoš Tower (Serbian: Кула на Гардошу) or Millennium Tower, (Serbian: Милениумска Кула) and also known as Kula Sibinjanin Janka (English: The Tower of Janos Hunyadi Serbian: Кула Сибињанин Јанка) is a memorial tower located in Belgrade, Serbia.	Gardoš Tower	Serbia
country	Levstiki (pronounced (ˈleːu̯stiki)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Ribnica in southern Slovenia.	Levstiki	Slovenia
country	Dutch jazz refers to the jazz music of the Netherlands.	Dutch jazz	Netherlands
country	The Data Retention and Investigatory Powers Act 2014 (also known as DRIP or DRIPA) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that received Royal Assent on 17 July 2014, after being introduced on 14 July 2014.	Data Retention and Investigatory Powers Act 2014	United Kingdom
country	Gryżyński Potok (also Gryżynka) is a river of Poland, a tributary of the Oder.	Gryżyński Potok	Poland
country	The Porta San Sebastiano is the largest and one of the best-preserved gates passing through the Aurelian Walls in Rome (Italy).	Porta San Sebastiano	Italy
country	Hectorspruit (also Emjejane) is a small farming town situated between Kaapmuiden and Komatipoort on a southern tributary of the Crocodile River in Mpumalanga, South Africa.	Hectorspruit	South Africa
country	The Apella (Greek: Ἀπέλλα) was the popular deliberative assembly in the Ancient Greek city-state of Sparta, corresponding to the ecclesia in most other Greek states.	Apella	Sparta
country	Zaman-e Sofla (Persian: زمان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Zamān-e Soflá; also known as Zamān) is a village in Jowzam Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Zaman-e Sofla	Iran
country	Mweru Wantipa National Park is named after Lake Mweru Wantipa in the Northern Province of Zambia.	Mweru Wantipa National Park	Zambia
country	The Dechen Cave (German: Dechenhöhle) in Iserlohn, Germany is one of the most beautiful and most visited show caves in Germany.	Dechen Cave	Germany
country	Sovjak (Serbian: Совјак) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Sovjak	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Theeyampakkam (Tamil: தீயம்பாக்கம்), is a developing residential area in North Chennai, a metropolitan city in Tamil Nadu, India	Theeyampakkam	India
country	Jabłonna Palace (Polish: Pałac w Jabłonnie) is a palace, hotel and publicly accessible park-complex in Jabłonna near Warsaw in Poland whose uses include conferences and weddings.	Jabłonna Palace	Poland
country	Leißling (or Leissling) is a village and a former municipality in the Burgenlandkreis district, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Leißling	Germany
country	The MAN NÖ Open was a men's professional golf tournament held in Austria.	MAN NÖ Open	Austria
country	Lumot Lake, also known as Sierra Lake, is a man-made water reservoir located in the towns of Cavinti and Lumban of Laguna province, in the Sierra Madre Mountains of the Philippines.	Lumot Lake	Philippines
country	Gulehra Gali, also known as New Murree, is a village in Murree Tehsil, Rawalpindi District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Gulehra Gali	Pakistan
country	Tearce (Macedonian: Теарце (ˈtɛ.artsɛ), Albanian: Tearca) is a village located 12 km to the northeast of Tetovo, in northwestern Republic of Macedonia, about 15 kilometres from the border with Kosovo.	Tearce	Macedonia
country	Zareh Shuran (Persian: زره شوران‎, also Romanized as Zareh Shūrān, Zarehshūrān, and Zereh Shūrān; also known as Zarshūrān) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District, Takht-e Soleyman District, Takab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zareh Shuran	Iran
country	Pinkafeld Airport (German: Flugplatz Pinkafeld, ICAO: LOGP) is a private use airport located 2 kilometres (1 mi) north-northwest of Pinkafeld, Burgenland, Austria.	Pinkafeld Airport	Austria
country	The Belgian railway line 25 is the oldest railway line in Belgium.	Belgian railway line 25	Belgium
country	Sobolewo-Kolonia (sɔbɔˈlɛvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Supraśl, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Sobolewo-Kolonia	Poland
country	Saraf Hospital is a hospital located at Kochi in Kerala, India.	Saraf Hospital	India
country	Mazraeh-ye Qanbarabad (Persian: مزرعه قنبراباد‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Qanbarābād) is a village in Aviz Rural District, in the Central District of Farashband County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 130, in 25 families.	Mazraeh-ye Qanbarabad	Iran
country	Trewornan is a hamlet north of Wadebridge, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Trewornan	United Kingdom
country	Old Mine Road is a road in New Jersey and New York said to be one of the oldest continuously used roads in the United States of America.	Old Mine Road	United States of America
country	The Valea lui Sânpătru River ( Hungarian:Szentpéter-pataka ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania, Romania.	Valea lui Sânpătru River	Romania
country	Bones Bay is a bay and former locality on the north side of West Cracroft Island in the Johnstone Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada, on Clio Channel.	Bones Bay	Canada
country	The Pasig River Expressway (PAREX) is a proposed expressway in Metro Manila, Philippines that will skirt the banks of the Pasig River and connect the City of Manila with the province of Rizal.	Pasig River Expressway	Philippines
country	Chisasibi (Cree: ᒋᓵᓰᐲ/Cisâsîpî meaning Great River) is a village on the eastern shore of James Bay, in the Eeyou Istchee territory in northern Quebec, Canada.	Chisasibi	Canada
country	Ture Valleys or Ture's Valleys (Swedish: Ture dalar and Tures dalar) is a nature reserve in the town of Uddevalla, Sweden.	Ture Valleys	Sweden
country	The organisation's head offices are based in London, but Blind in Business operates on a United Kingdom wide basis.	Blind in Business	United Kingdom
country	Manusela National Park is located on Seram island, in the Maluku archipelago of Indonesia.	Manusela National Park	Indonesia
country	Posht Mekh (Persian: پشت مخ‎, also Romanized as Posht Makh; also known as Pushtamah and Pushtamikh) is a village in Gurab Zarmikh Rural District, Mirza Kuchek Janghli District, Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Posht Mekh	Iran
country	The Petite Maine is a canal in eastern France.	Petite Maine	France
country	Tobruk Airport is an airport in Tobruk, eastern Libya (IATA: TOB, ICAO: HLGN).	Tobruk Airport	Libya
country	The Zec de la Maison-de-Pierre is a ``zone d'exploitation contrôlée'' (controlled harvesting zone) (ZEC), located in the unorganized territory Lac-Douaire, in the Antoine-Labelle Regional County Municipality, in Laurentides, in Quebec, in Canada.	Zec de la Maison-de-Pierre	Canada
country	Velgast (Polish Wielgoszcz) is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Rügen district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Velgast	Germany
country	Col de la Givrine (el. 1228 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Jura Mountains in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland, near the border with France.	Col de la Givrine	Switzerland
country	Salami District (Persian: بخش سلامی‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Khvaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Salami District	Iran
country	The 2013 Canadian Grand Prix (formally known as the Formula 1 Grand Prix du Canada 2013) was a Formula One motor race that took place on 9 June 2013 at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve in Montreal, Canada.	2013 Canadian Grand Prix	Canada
country	Havarabid (Persian: هوارابيد‎, also Romanized as Havārābīd; also known as Havārbī) is a village in Lahijan-e Gharbi Rural District, Lajan District, Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Havarabid	Iran
country	Claro M. Recto Avenue, more popularly known as simply Recto Avenue, is the principal commercial thoroughfare in north central Manila, Philippines.	Recto Avenue	Philippines
country	Sde Yitzhak (Hebrew: שְׂדֵה יִצְחָק, lit. Field of Yitzhak) is a moshav in northern Israel.	Sde Yitzhak	Israel
country	As of 2001 India census, Ram Garh had a population of 4540.	Ram Garh	India
country	Gould Lake Conservation Area is a rural conservation area located in the Canadian Shield northwest of Sydenham, Ontario, Canada.	Gould Lake Conservation Area	Canada
country	Pagadian, officially the City of Pagadian (Filipino: Lungsod ng Pagadian), is located in Mindanao, Philippines.	Pagadian	Philippines
country	Bimalkah (Arabic: بملكة‎, also spelled Bmalkyeh) is a village and suburb in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Tartus Governorate, located 10 kilometers northeast of Tartus.	Bimalkah	Syria
country	Mošovce is one of the largest villages in the historical region of Turiec, currently in the Turčianske Teplice District in the Žilina Region of northern Slovakia.	Mošovce	Slovakia
country	Damgheh-ye Bozorg (Persian: دامغه بزرگ‎, also Romanized as Dāmgheh-ye Bozorg and Damghehe'' Bozorg) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Damgheh-ye Bozorg	Iran
country	The Tapiola swimming pool is a swimming pool centre in the district of Tapiola in Espoo, Finland.	Tapiola swimming pool	Finland
country	Khafji Airport (Arabic: مطار الخفجي‎) is a small airfield located southern the city of Khafji in the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia.	Khafji Airport	Saudi Arabia
country	The Millmerran Power Station is a coal-fired power station south of Millmerran in the Darling Downs region of Queensland, Australia.	Millmerran Power Station	Australia
country	XEEP-AM (branded as Radio Educación) is a radio station based in Mexico City and airing Spanish language educational programming on 1060 kHz, a North American clear-channel frequency.	XEEP-AM	Mexico
country	Toowoomba Airport (IATA: TWB, ICAO: YTWB) is an airport located 2.2 nautical miles (4.1 km; 2.5 mi) northwest from the CBD of Toowoomba, Queensland, Australia.	Toowoomba Airport	Australia
country	The cooling towers of Civaux Nuclear Power Plant are 180 metres in height, making them the tallest cooling towers in France.	Civaux Nuclear Power Plant	France
country	Łódź Władysław Reymont Airport (IATA: LCJ, ICAO: EPLL), formerly known as Łódź-Lublinek Airport, is a regional airport in central Poland, located approximately 6 km (3.7 mi) southwest of the Łódź city center.	Łódź Władysław Reymont Airport	Poland
country	During British India it was a zamindari Many personalities including Indira Gandhi, Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya, Lal Pratap Singh, Sumitranandan Pant, Brajesh Singh, Svetlana Alliluyeva, Dinesh Singh, Ratna Singh were associated with Kalakankar.	Kalakankar	India
country	The Trisan Centre is a community recreation centre in Schomberg, Ontario, Canada located at the intersection of Dillane Drive and York Regional Road 27.	Trisan Centre	Canada
country	Sheykhian-e Shahab (Persian: شيخيان شهاب‎, also Romanized as Sheykhīān-e Shahāb) is a village in Kabgan Rural District, Kaki District, Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Sheykhian-e Shahab	Iran
country	Mirmalegeh Olya (Persian: ميرمالگه عليا‎, also Romanized as Mīrmālegeh ʿOlyā; also known as Mīrmālegeh) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Mirmalegeh Olya	Iran
country	General Pico is a city located in the north-east of La Pampa Province, Argentina.	General Pico	Argentina
country	Delhi School of Management (DSM), India, is the B-School under Delhi Technological University (formerly, Delhi College of Engineering).	Delhi School of Management	India
country	The Beacon Herald (Stratford Beacon-Herald) is a daily newspaper (Monday to Saturday) published in Stratford, Ontario, Canada.	The Beacon Herald	Canada
country	Heythuysen ( pronunciation ) (Limburgish: Heitse) is a town in the south-eastern Netherlands.	Heythuysen	Netherlands
country	Yacharam is a village and mandal in Ranga Reddy district in Telangana, India.	Yacharam	India
country	Gothic art was a style of Medieval art that developed in Northern France out of Romanesque art in the 12th century AD, led by the concurrent development of Gothic architecture.	Gothic art	France
country	Glovertown Museum is a museum located in the small community of Glovertown, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Glovertown Museum	Canada
country	Verkhnyaya Vereya (Russian: Ве́рхняя Вере́я) is a rural locality (a selo) under the administrative jurisdiction of the work settlement of Vilya in jurisdiction of the town of oblast significance of Vyksa in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast, Russia.	Verkhnyaya Vereya	Russia
country	Yengabad-e Chay (Persian: ينگ ابادچاي‎, also Romanized as Yengābād-e Chāy; also known as Yengīābād-e Chā'ī) is a village in Sheykhdarabad Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Yengabad-e Chay	Iran
country	The Distrito Nacional (Spanish pronunciation: (disˈtɾito nasjoˈnal)) (D.N.) is a subdivision of the Dominican Republic enclosing the capital Santo Domingo.	Distrito Nacional	Dominican Republic
country	Huachuan County (simplified Chinese: 桦川县; traditional Chinese: 樺川縣; pinyin: Huàchuān Xiàn) is a county of eastern Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China.	Huachuan County	People's Republic of China
country	Willisau is a municipality in the district of Willisau in the Lucerne canton of Switzerland.	Willisau	Switzerland
country	Chongyang County (simplified Chinese: 崇阳县; traditional Chinese: 崇陽縣; pinyin: Chóngyáng Xiàn) is a county of southeastern Hubei province, People's Republic of China, bordering Hunan province to the west.	Chongyang County	People's Republic of China
country	Bezhetsk (Russian: Бе́жецк) is a town and the administrative center of Bezhetsky District in Tver Oblast, Russia, located on the Mologa River at its confluence with the Ostrechina River.	Bezhetsk	Russia
country	The Sarca is a river springing from the Adamello-Presanella mountains in the Italian Alps and flowing into Lake Garda in Northern Italy.	Sarca	Italy
country	Andra långgatan (Second Long Street) is a street in Gothenburg, Sweden.	Andra långgatan	Sweden
country	Monción is one of the three municipality (municipio) of the Santiago Rodríguez province in the Dominican Republic.	Monción	Dominican Republic
country	The National Maritime Museum (Dutch: Het Scheepvaartmuseum) is a maritime museum in Amsterdam in the Netherlands.	National Maritime Museum	Netherlands
country	Yahel (Hebrew: יַהֵל) is a Reform kibbutz in the Arabah region of the Negev desert in the southern part of Israel, 60 miles from the city of Eilat.	Yahel	Israel
country	The Altes Museum (German for Old Museum) is a museum building on Museum Island in Berlin, Germany.	Altes Museum	Germany
country	The Herzliya Hebrew Gymnasium (Hebrew: הגימנסיה העברית הרצליה‎, HaGymnasia HaIvrit Herzliya, Also known as Gymnasia Herzliya), originally known as HaGymnasia HaIvrit (lit. Hebrew High School) is a historic high school in Tel Aviv, Israel.	Herzliya Hebrew Gymnasium	Israel
country	Sarwan Khera is a town in Kanpur Dehat district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) south of Mati.	Sarwan Khera	India
country	Mitha Khel is a village and Union Council in Karak District of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Mitha Khel	Pakistan
country	Dasht-e Loot (Persian: دشت لوت‎‎, ``Emptiness Desert''), also spelled Dasht-i-Loot and known as the Loot Desert, is a large salt desert in Kerman Province, Iran and is the world's 25th largest desert.	Dasht-e Loot	Iran
country	Huétor Santillán is a municipality located in the province of Granada, southern Spain.	Huétor Santillán	Spain
country	Skubiki (skuˈbiki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielawy, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Skubiki	Poland
country	Dolenje Radulje (pronounced (dɔˈleːnjɛ ˈɾaːduljɛ); in older sources also Dolenje Radovlje, German: Unterradelstein) is a village in the Municipality of Škocjan in southeastern Slovenia.	Dolenje Radulje	Slovenia
country	Early Netherlandish painting refers to the work of artists, sometimes known as the Flemish Primitives, active in the Burgundian and Habsburg Netherlands during the 15th- and 16th-century Northern Renaissance; especially in the flourishing cities of Bruges, Ghent, Tournai and Brussels.	Early Netherlandish painting	Habsburg Netherlands
country	Abomsa is a town in central Ethiopia; the name comes from the Oromo word for ``friend, comrade''.	Abomsa	Ethiopia
country	The Houses of the Mayorazgo de Guerrero are buildings in Mexico City located on 16 and 18 Moneda Street, across from the Museum of Cultures, straddling Correo Mayor Street.	Houses of the Mayorazgo de Guerrero	Mexico
country	Komorniki (kɔmɔrˈniki) is a village in Poland, located in Greater Poland Voivodeship, Poznań County, Gmina Komorniki (Poznań metropolitan area), with approximately 5,500 inhabitants.	Komorniki	Poland
country	The Paks Nuclear Power Plant (Hungarian: Paksi atomerőmű), located 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) from Paks, central Hungary, is the first and only operating nuclear power station in Hungary.	Paks Nuclear Power Plant	Hungary
country	Tereitaki is a settlement in located towards the north end of Tabuaeran atoll, Kiribati.	Tereitaki	Kiribati
country	Vasili is a small village in Cyprus, near the Leonarisso and Lythragomi villages.	Vasili	Cyprus
country	Nietingsee (Nieting Lake) is a lake in Müritz rural district, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Nietingsee	Germany
country	Club Atlético Colón (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈkluβ aˈtletiko koˈlon)), commonly referred to as Colón de Santa Fe (koˈlon de santa ˈfe), is a sports club from Santa Fe, Argentina.	Club Atlético Colón	Argentina
country	The 1896 Summer Olympics (Modern Greek: Θερινοί Ολυμπιακοί Αγώνες 1896, Therinoí Olympiakoí Agó̱nes 1896), officially known as the Games of the I Olympiad, was a multi-sport event held in Athens, Greece, from 6 to 15 April 1896.	1896 Summer Olympics	Greece
country	Corpus Christi Catholic Secondary School (also called ``Corpus Christi'' or simply ``Corpus'') is an educational Catholic high school in Burlington, Ontario, Canada.	Corpus Christi Catholic Secondary School	Canada
country	Al Duqm Port & Drydock is a seaport located in Oman.	Al Duqm Port & Drydock	Oman
country	The Czech Cycling Tour is a staged cycling race held annually in the Olomouc region in the Czech Republic.	Czech Cycling Tour	Czech Republic
country	Kirimäe is a village in Lääne-Nigula Parish, Lääne County, in western Estonia, EU.	Kirimäe	Estonia
country	The Queen Elisabeth Music Chapel is a Belgian academic institution for artistic training of exceptionally gifted young musicians, which was created by H.M the Queen Elisabeth of Belgium.	Queen Elisabeth Music Chapel	Belgium
country	The Jordaan is a neighbourhood of the city of Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Jordaan	Netherlands
country	Font Hill Beach is located in St Elizabeth, on the south coast of Jamaica, between Black River and Whitehouse.	Font Hill Beach	Jamaica
country	Örebro University Hospital (Swedish: Universitetssjukhuset Örebro, USÖ) is a university hospital in Örebro, Sweden.	Örebro University Hospital	Sweden
country	Värska (Seto: Verska) is a small borough (alevik) in Värska Parish, Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.	Värska	Estonia
country	Aşağı Qaraməryam (also, Ashagy Karamar’yam and Karamar’yam) is a village and municipality in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Aşağı Qaraməryam	Azerbaijan
country	Chupli Tappeh (Persian: چوپلي تپه‎, also Romanized as Chūplī Tappeh and Chūblī Tappeh; also known as Tappeh) is a village in Atrak Rural District, Maneh District, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chupli Tappeh	Iran
country	Värpinge is a borough in western Lund, Skåne in southern Sweden.	Värpinge	Sweden
country	Mae La Noi (Thai: แม่ลาน้อย) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mae La Noi District, in Mae Hong Son Province, Thailand.	Mae La Noi	Thailand
country	The Frischauf Lodge at Okrešelj (Slovene: Frischaufov dom na Okrešlju; 1,378 meters or 4,521 feet) is a mountain lodge that stands above the Logar Valley in northern Slovenia.	Frischauf Lodge at Okrešelj	Slovenia
country	Lubocześnica (lubɔt͡ʂɛɕˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy, within Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Lubocześnica	Poland
country	Kyriaki (Greek: Κυριάκι) is a village and a community of the Livadeia municipality, Greece.	Kyriaki	Greece
country	Gowd Shaneh (Persian: گودشانه‎, also Romanized as Gowd Shāneh) is a village in Fasarud Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Gowd Shaneh	Iran
country	Condom Cathedral (Cathédrale Saint-Pierre de Condom) is a Catholic church and a former cathedral, and a national monument of France, located in Condom, Gers.	Condom Cathedral	France
country	Tsaghkasar (Armenian: Ծաղկասար, also Romanized as Tsakhkasar; formerly, Verkhniy Pirtikan, Verin Pirtikan, and Pirtikyan) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Tsaghkasar	Armenia
country	Jasieniec Solecki (jaˈɕɛɲɛt͡s sɔˈlɛt͡ski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jasieniec Solecki	Poland
country	Mexican Flora and Fauna Protection Areas (Áreas de Protección de Flora y Fauna in Spanish) comprise 29 protected natural areas of Mexico administrated by the National Commission of Protected Natural Areas (Comisión Nacional de Áreas Naturales Protegidas, or CONANP), an agency of the federal government.	Mexican Flora and Fauna Protection Areas	Mexico
country	Eskalera Karakola is a squat in Madrid, Spain, which is held by feminists and works on autogestion principles.	Eskalera Karakola	Spain
country	Konolfingen District was a district in the canton of Bern, Switzerland.	Konolfingen District	Switzerland
country	Stare Rybitwy-Miszek (ˈstarɛ rɨˈbitfɨ ˈmiʂɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowniki, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Stare Rybitwy-Miszek	Poland
country	The Shuzenji Romney Railway is a 15 in (381 mm) gauge pleasure line located in Niji-no-Sato (Rainbow Park) in Izu, Shizuoka, on the Izu Peninsula in Japan.	Shuzenji Romney Railway	Japan
country	Nygårdstangen is a small peninsula on the southeastern end of the city center of Bergen in Hordaland county, Norway.	Nygårdstangen	Norway
country	The Helsinki University of Technology (TKK) (Finnish: Teknillinen korkeakoulu; Swedish: Tekniska högskolan) was a technical university in Finland.	Helsinki University of Technology	Finland
country	The Münzkabinett is one of the three largest numismatic collections in Germany.	Münzkabinett	Germany
country	Polar Bear Provincial Park is an isolated wilderness park in the far north of Ontario, Canada.	Polar Bear Provincial Park	Canada
country	Huarochirí District (in hispanicized spelling) or Waruchiri is one of thirty-two districts of the province Huarochirí in Peru.	Huarochirí District	Peru
country	DSO National Laboratories (DSO) is the national defence research agency of Singapore.	DSO National Laboratories	Singapore
country	Slamnjak (pronounced (ˈslaːmnjak)) is a small settlement in the hills south of Ljutomer in northeastern Slovenia.	Slamnjak	Slovenia
country	Band Bast-e Pain (Persian: بندبست پايين‎, also Romanized as Band Bast-e Pā’īn; also known as Band Bast) is a village in Mobarakabad Rural District, in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.	Band Bast-e Pain	Iran
country	Mali Cvjetnić (Serbian: Мали Цвјетнић) is a village in the municipality of Drvar, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Mali Cvjetnić	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Chivay is a town in the Colca valley, capital of the Caylloma province in the Arequipa region, Peru.	Chivay	Peru
country	Dalaneh (Persian: دالانه‎, also Romanized as Dālāneh; also known as Dowlāneh) is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Dalaneh	Iran
country	Mekkhaya (Burmese: မက္ခရာ; also spelled Mekkara) is a small town just south of Mandalay, in Mandalay Division, Myanmar.	Mekkhaya	Myanmar
country	The K5 Plan, K5 Belt or K5 Project, also known as Bamboo Curtain, was an attempt between 1985 and 1989 by the government of the People's Republic of Kampuchea to seal Khmer Rouge guerrilla infiltration routes into Cambodia by means of trenches, wire fences, and minefields along virtually the entire Thai--	K5 Plan	People's Republic of Kampuchea
country	The Hanover Schützenfest (German: Schützenfest Hannover) at Hanover in Germany is the largest marksmen's funfair in the world.	Hanover Schützenfest	Germany
country	Total annual precipitation is slightly below 560 mm (22 in), comparable to the driest parts of the United Kingdom, due to Doncaster's location in the rain shadow of the Pennines.	Doncaster	United Kingdom
country	Rozdolne Raion (Ukrainian: Роздольненський район, Russian: Раздольненский район, Crimean Tatar: Aqşeyh rayonı) is one of the 25 regions of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and incorporated by Russia as the Republic of Crimea.	Rozdolne Raion	Ukraine	Russia
country	Kurikka is a town and municipality of Finland.	Kurikka	Finland
country	Aşağı Əskipara (also, Ashagy Aksinara, Ashagy Askipara, Ashagy Eskipara, Нижняя Аскипара (``Nizhnyaya Askepara'', Russian), Ներքին Ոսկեպար (``Nerkin Voskepar'', Armenian) -- all meaning ``Lower Askipara'') is a destroyed village in the Qazakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Aşağı Əskipara	Azerbaijan
country	Bagheshjerd (Persian: باغشجرد‎, also Romanized as Bāgheshjerd and Bāgheshgerd) is a village in Safiabad Rural District, Bam and Safiabad District, Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bagheshjerd	Iran
country	Solvalla is a horse racing track located in Bromma, Stockholm, Sweden.	Solvalla	Sweden
country	The Tuapeka River is located in Otago in the South Island of New Zealand.	Tuapeka River	New Zealand
country	Erdgas Ehingen/Urspringschule, also called Ehingen Urspring, is a professional basketball team based in Ehingen, Germany.	Erdgas Ehingen/Urspringschule	Germany
country	Axylou (Greek: Αξύλου, Turkish: Aksulu) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 12 north of Acheleia.	Axylou	Cyprus
country	Sohr va Firuzan Rural District (Persian: دهستان سهروفيروزان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Pir Bakran District, Falavarjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Sohr va Firuzan Rural District	Iran
country	Well known Schools of Shahibaug are Kendriya Vidyalaya No 1 - One of the renowned series of schools in India affiliated with CBSE Kendriya Vidyalaya No 2 - Second Kendriya Vidyalaya school Near Hanuman Camp	Shahibaug	India
country	Showkatiyeh (Persian: شوكتيه‎, also Romanized as Showkatīyeh) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Showkatiyeh	Iran
country	The Corumbataí River (Paraná) is river of Paraná which is a state in southern Brazil.	Corumbataí River (Paraná)	Brazil
country	Plataria (Greek: Πλαταριά) is a coastal village and resort in Thesprotia, Epirus region, Greece.	Plataria	Greece
country	Maungahaumi is a mountain in the Raukumara Range in the northeast of New Zealand's North Island.	Maungahaumi	New Zealand
country	German submarine U-515 was a Type IXC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine built for service during World War II. She was commissioned in 1942 and sunk in 1944.	German submarine U-515	Germany
country	France established a protectorate in 1889 and annexed Rimatara in 1900.	Rimatara	France
country	Dziemionna (d͡ʑeˈmjɔnna) (German: Minutsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Wielka, within Bydgoszcz County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Dziemionna	Poland
country	Kallavesi is a medium-sized lake in Northern Savonia, eastern Finland located around the town of Kuopio.	Kallavesi	Finland
country	Bhalswa Horseshoe Lake, or Bhalswa Jheel, is a lake in northwest Delhi, India.	Bhalswa Horseshoe Lake	India
country	Korzeniewo (kɔʐɛˈɲɛvɔ) (German Kurzebrack) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwidzyn, within Kwidzyn County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Korzeniewo	Poland
country	The Barbara Baths (German: Barbarathermen) are a large Roman bath complex in Trier, Germany.	Barbara Baths	Germany
country	Nuristan District was a district in eastern Afghanistan.	Nuristan District	Afghanistan
country	Mackay North State High School is located in North Mackay, Queensland, Australia and was established in 1964.	Mackay North State High School	Australia
country	Canas de Santa Maria is a town and a freguesia in the Tondela municipality, Viseu District, Portugal.	Canas de Santa Maria	Portugal
country	The Misa Bridge crosses the Han River in South Korea and connects the cities of Hanam and Namyangju.	Misa Bridge	South Korea
country	Darż (darʂ) (German: Daarz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maszewo, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Darż	Poland
country	Ploéven (Breton: Ploeven) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.	Ploéven	France
country	Satka (Russian: Са́тка) is a town and the administrative center of Satkinsky District in Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia, located on the western slope of the Southern Ural Mountains on the bank of the Satka River, 190 kilometers (120 mi) from Chelyabinsk, the administrative center of the oblast.	Satka	Russia
country	Jalalpur Jattan (Urdu: جلالپور جٹاں‎) is a small city and municipality of the District Gujrat in the province of Punjab, Pakistan about 20 km distance from Kashmir.	Jalalpur Jattan	Pakistan
country	Fiborgtangen is a peninsula and industrial site located along the Trondheimfjord in the northwest part of the village of Skogn in the municipality of Levanger in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Fiborgtangen	Norway
country	Kalateh-ye Hendi (Persian: كلاته هندي‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Hendī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Shirvan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Hendi	Iran
country	Dobromyl (Ukrainian: Добромиль, Polish: Dobromil) is a city in Staryi Sambir Raion, Lviv Oblast, Ukraine.	Dobromyl	Ukraine
country	Suri Wayku (Aymara suri rhea, wayku brook or gorge, ``rhea brook (or gorge)'', hispanicized spelling Surehuayco) or Suri Wayq'u (in Quechua) is a mountain in the Andes of southern Peru, about 4,800 metres (15,748 ft) high.	Suri Wayku	Peru
country	Ganta United Methodist Hospital is a hospital in Ganta, northeast Liberia.	Ganta United Methodist Hospital	Liberia
country	The Commissioner of Transport for London has management responsibility for Transport for London (TfL) and hence for the transport system throughout the City of London and Greater London in the United Kingdom.	Commissioner of Transport for London	United Kingdom
country	Nossegem is a town located near Brussels, the capital of Belgium.	Nossegem	Belgium
country	Wanderers Oval, nicknamed Magic Park, is a multi-use sportsground in Newcastle, Australia.	Wanderers Oval	Australia
country	Cederberg Local Municipality is a local municipality which governs an area of the Western Cape province of South Africa stretching from the Cederberg mountains through the middle valley of the Olifants River to the Atlantic coast.	Cederberg Local Municipality	South Africa
country	Siahti Kalat (Persian: سياه تي كلات‎, also Romanized as Sīāhtī Kalāt) is a village in Abtar Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Siahti Kalat	Iran
country	Chemama is the name of the region along Northern bank of the Senegal River, in Mauritania, a fertile band of land extending sixteen to thirty-two kilometers north of the river and containing alluvial soil.	Chemama	Mauritania
country	Eye Weekly was a free weekly newspaper published in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Eye Weekly	Canada
country	The Public Transport Users Association is a community-based public transport lobby group in Victoria, Australia, based in Melbourne.	Public Transport Users Association	Australia
country	The Lion of Belfort is a monumental sculpture by Frédéric Bartholdi, sculptor of the Statue of Liberty in New York, located in Belfort, France.	Lion of Belfort	France
country	Nevado Queva is a mountain in the Andes mountain range of South America, located in the Salta Province of Argentina.	Nevado Queva	Argentina
country	The Train Touristique du Cotentin is a heritage railway and voluntary association in Basse-Normandie, France.	Train Touristique du Cotentin	France
country	Andaeuk Haeb (Khmer: ឃុំអណ្តើកហែប) is a khum (commune) of Rotanak Mondol District in Battambang Province in north-western Cambodia.	Andaeuk Haeb	Cambodia
country	The Main Directorate for Reconnaissance (German: Hauptverwaltung Aufklärung, or HVA) was the foreign intelligence service of the former German Democratic Republic (GDR, ``East Germany'') and was an integral part of the GDR Ministry of State Security, commonly known as the Stasi.	Main Directorate for Reconnaissance	Germany
country	Farrokh Dasht (Persian: فرخ دشت‎; also known as Meshkīnābād) is a village in Mashiz Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Farrokh Dasht	Iran
country	Canterbury Falls is a 9-metre ribbon waterfall that flows year round in Ancaster in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Canterbury Falls	Canada
country	The Baku Puppet Theatre (formally Abdulla Shaig Azerbaijan State Puppet Theatre, Azerbaijani: Abdulla Şaiq adına Azərbaycan Dövlət Kukla Teatrı) is located on Neftchiler Avenue of Baku.	Baku Puppet Theatre	Azerbaijan
country	The Magura Cave (Bulgarian: Магурата) (from Romanian magura, ``hill'') is located in north-western Bulgaria close to the village of Rabisha, 25 kilometres from the town of Belogradchik in Vidin Province.	Magura Cave	Bulgaria
country	Tang-e Anar-e Vosta (Persian: تنگ اناروسطي‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Anār-e Vosţá; also known as Tang-e Anār) is a village in Poshteh-ye Zilayi Rural District, Sarfaryab District, Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Tang-e Anar-e Vosta	Iran
country	Jalan Palong 16-Tembangau, Federal Route 1579, is a federal road in Pahang and Negeri Sembilan state, Malaysia.	Jalan Palong 16-Tembangau	Malaysia
country	Veliuona is a small town on the Nemunas River in the Jurbarkas district municipality in Lithuania.	Veliuona	Lithuania
country	Moormerland is a municipality in the Leer District, in Lower Saxony, northwestern Germany.	Moormerland	Germany
country	The 2012 Yangzhou earthquake occurred in Jiangsu Province of the People's Republic of China at 20:11(UTC+8) in Yangzhou on July 20.	2012 Yangzhou earthquake	People's Republic of China
country	Pęcice Małe (pɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowice, within Pruszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pęcice Małe	Poland
country	Shkurinskaya (Russian: Шкуринская) is a rural locality (a stanitsa) in Kushchyovsky District of Krasnodar Krai, Russia.	Shkurinskaya	Russia
country	Manče (pronounced (ˈmaːntʃɛ)) is a village in the upper Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Vipava in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Manče	Slovenia
country	Ərəbcəbirli (also, Arabdzhabirli and Arab Dzhabirly) is a municipality in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ərəbcəbirli	Azerbaijan
country	Vogričevci (pronounced (ʋɔˈɡɾiːtʃɛu̯tsi)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Ljutomer in northeastern Slovenia.	Vogričevci	Slovenia
country	Mazraeh-ye Puram Shahadi Anhas (Persian: مزرعه پورمشهدي انحاس‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Pūram Shahadī Ānḩās) is a village in Anarestan Rural District, Chenar Shahijan District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 17, in 5 families.	Mazraeh-ye Puram Shahadi Anhas	Iran
country	Sønderborg Airport (Danish: Sønderborg Lufthavn) (IATA: SGD, ICAO: EKSB) is an airport located in Sønderborg, Denmark.	Sønderborg Airport	Denmark
country	Słabkowice (swapkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Słabkowice	Poland
country	Utirik Airport is a public use airstrip on Utirik Island in Utirik Atoll, Marshall Islands.	Utirik Airport	Marshall Islands
country	Château de Pourtalès is a château situated in the département of Bas-Rhin, Alsace, France.	Château de Pourtalès	France
country	Including connected dry caves and Sistema Dos Ojos makes Sistema Sac Actun with 319 kilometers (198 mi) the longest cave in Mexico and the second longest worldwide.	Sistema Sac Actun	Mexico
country	CeReFiM (Center for Research in Finance and Management) is a research center attached to the University of Namur in Belgium.	CeReFiM	Belgium
country	Suche Lipie (ˈsuxɛ ˈlipjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Suche Lipie	Poland
country	Para Qeshlaq-e Sofla (Persian: پاراقشلاق سفلي‎, also Romanized as Pārā Qeshlāq-e Soflá; also known as Pāreh Qeshlāq-e Soflā) is a village in Anjirlu Rural District, in the Central District of Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Para Qeshlaq-e Sofla	Iran
country	Mohyliv-Podilskyi (Ukrainian: Могилів-Подільський, Russian: Могилёв-Подо́льский, Polish: Mohylów Podolski, Romanian: Moghilǎu/Movilǎu, Yiddish: מאָהילעװ‎) is a city in the Mohyliv-Podilskyi Raion (district) of the Vinnytsia Oblast (province), Ukraine.	Mohyliv-Podilskyi	Ukraine
country	Opočno Castle (Czech: zámek Opočno) is a complex of buildings comprising a former aristocratic residence located in the East Bohemian town of Opočno, Czech Republic.	Opočno Castle	Czech Republic
country	Poniaty Wielkie (pɔˈɲatɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Winnica, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Poniaty Wielkie	Poland
country	Temoaya is a town and municipality in Mexico State, Mexico, It is located 18 kilometres (11 mi) from Toluca and 85 kilometres (53 mi) from Mexico City.	Temoaya	Mexico
country	Santa Cruz de la Zarza is a village and municipality in the province of Toledo, part of the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha, Spain, located northeast of Mesa de Ocaña and south of the river Tagus.	Santa Cruz de la Zarza	Spain
country	Tekka Centre is a multi-use building complex comprising a wet market, food centre and shops, located in the northern corner of Bukit Timah Road and Serangoon Road, in Little India, Singapore.	Tekka Centre	Singapore
country	Telopea Park School (French: ''Lycée Franco-Australien de Canberra'') is a public school in Canberra, Australia.	Telopea Park School	Australia
country	Rudy Landscape Park (full name Park Krajobrazowy Cysterskie Kompozycje Krajobrazowe Rud Wielkich: ``Landscape Park of the Cistercian Landscape Compositions of Rudy Wielkie'') is a protected area (Landscape Park) in southern Poland, established in 1993, covering an area of 493.87 square kilometres (190.68 sq mi).	Rudy Landscape Park	Poland
country	Sen Sen (Persian: سن سن‎, also Romanized as Sansen; also known as Sinsin) is a village in Miyandasht Rural District, in the Central District of Kashan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Sen Sen	Iran
country	Aldersbach Abbey (Kloster Aldersbach) is a former Cistercian monastery in the community of Aldersbach in the district of Passau in the valley of the Vils, Lower Bavaria, Germany.	Aldersbach Abbey	Germany
country	Zvirče (pronounced (zʋiɾˈtʃɛ); German: Swirtschach) is a settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Zvirče	Slovenia
country	Tanbalan (Persian: تنبلان‎, also Romanized as Tanbalān) is a village in Zarabad-e Gharbi Rural District, Zarabad District, Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Tanbalan	Iran
country	Giza (/ˈɡiːzə/; sometimes spelt Gizah or Jizah; Coptic: ⲅⲓⲍⲁ Giza; Egyptian Arabic: الجيزة el-Gīza), is the third-largest city in Egypt.	Giza	Egypt
country	Bystřice nad Pernštejnem (Czech pronunciation: (ˈbɪstr̝̊ɪtsɛ ˈnat pɛrnʃtɛjnɛm); German: Bistritz ob Pernstein) is a town in the Vysočina Region, Czech Republic.	Bystřice nad Pernštejnem	Czech Republic
country	Tech College Aalborg, is a school in the city of Aalborg, in North Jutland in Denmark.	Tech College Aalborg	Denmark
country	Mokpo National Maritime University is a national university located in Mokpo, South Korea.	Mokpo National Maritime University	South Korea
country	DIO Groningen is a football club from Groningen in the province Groningen, Netherlands.	DIO Groningen	Netherlands
country	Koperniki ((kɔpɛrˈniki); formerly German Köppernig, Köppernick) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nysa, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in southwestern Poland.	Koperniki	Poland
country	Strmol Castle (German: Burg Stermol, Slovene: Grad Strmol) is a castle located at the foot of Dvorjanski hrib (``Mansion Hill'') near the villages of Češnjevek, Grad and Dvorje, in the municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem, Slovenia.	Strmol Castle	Slovenia
country	New Plymouth is the major city of the Taranaki Region on the west coast of the North Island of New Zealand.	New Plymouth	New Zealand
country	Thessalon Municipal Airport, (TC LID: CPL5), is located 3 nautical miles (5.6 km; 3.5 mi) north of Thessalon, Ontario, Canada.	Thessalon Municipal Airport	Canada
country	Rostov Metro (Russian: Ростовский Метрополитен) is a planned rapid transit system in Rostov-on-Don, Russia.	Rostov Metro	Russia
country	Petrelë is a village and a former municipality 15 km south of Tirana, in central Albania.	Petrelë	Albania
country	The Bonifraterska Street in Warsaw, Poland, is one of the main streets of Warsaw's New Town, stretching from Długa Street and the Krasiński Palace to Słomiński street.	Bonifraterska Street	Poland
country	Maromaku is a locality in the Northland Region of the North Island of New Zealand.	Maromaku	New Zealand
country	Harcourt Park is a non-profit cottaging corporation in Ontario, Canada, composed of 6,900 acres (28 km2) of land, 18 lakes, and 600 surveyed properties that are individually leased in favour of private ownership.	Harcourt Park	Canada
country	Vargas Island Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, comprising the west side of the island of the same name, which is located west of Meares Island and northwest of the resort community of Tofino in the Clayoquot Sound region of the West Coast of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada.	Vargas Island Provincial Park	Canada
country	Złotniki Wielkie (zwɔtˈniki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelazków, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Złotniki Wielkie	Poland
country	Subotinje (Cyrillic: Суботиње) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Subotinje	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Qbuzz is a public transport bus company in the Netherlands that operates services in Utrecht, Drenthe, Groningen, and Friesland.	Qbuzz	Netherlands
country	Kariega River (Afrikaans: Kariegarivier) is a river located in the Eastern Cape province South Africa.	Kariega River	South Africa
country	Deh Sang (Persian: ده سنگ‎) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Deh Sang	Iran
country	Spodnje Duplje (pronounced (ˈspoːdnjɛ duˈpljɛ) or (ˈspoːdnjɛ ˈduːpljɛ); German: Unterduplach) is a settlement in the Municipality of Naklo in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Spodnje Duplje	Slovenia
country	Blundell Park is the lowest football stadium in the United Kingdom, at a height of only 2 feet above sea-level.	Blundell Park	United Kingdom
country	The Hakataramea River flows generally south through the Hakataramea Valley, which is separated from the more inland Mackenzie Basin by the Kirkliston Range in Canterbury, New Zealand.	Hakataramea River	New Zealand
country	Jalan Nyalas, (Malacca state route M15 or Negeri Sembilan state route N15) is a major road in Malacca and Negeri Sembilan state, Malaysia.	Jalan Nyalas	Malaysia
country	San Lorenzo in Damaso (Saint Lawrence in the House of Damasus) is a basilica church in central Rome, Italy.	San Lorenzo in Damaso	Italy
country	According to the United Kingdom Census 2001, 69% of the 950 people who lived within Newcastle Emlyn spoke fluent Welsh, although the percentage fell rapidly in the following decade to 53.7% as the town's population increased to 1,138 residents aged 3 or over by 2011.	Newcastle Emlyn	United Kingdom
country	Novosil (Russian: Новоси́ль) is a town and the administrative center of Novosilsky District in Oryol Oblast, Russia, located on the right bank of the Zusha River 70 kilometers (43 mi) east of Oryol, the administrative center of the oblast.	Novosil	Russia
country	Mazraeh-ye Shahid Dast Gheyb (Persian: مزرعه شهيددستغيب‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Shahīd Dast Gheyb) is a village in Rostaq Rural District, in the Central District of Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 80, in 20 families.	Mazraeh-ye Shahid Dast Gheyb	Iran
country	The Pointe de Grave (in occitan : Punta de Grava) is the northernmost tip of the Médoc Peninsula and marks the Northern end of the pine-clad sandy Landes coastline of Western France.	Pointe de Grave	France
country	Sir Kuh (Persian: سيركوه‎, also Romanized as Sīr Kūh) is a village in Satar Rural District, Kolyai District, Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sir Kuh	Iran
country	Sinder, sometimes formerly spelled Zinder, is a village and rural commune in Niger.	Sinder	Niger
country	Esslingen am Neckar is a city in the Stuttgart Region of Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany, capital of the District of Esslingen as well as the largest city in the district.	Esslingen am Neckar	Germany
country	Repuš (pronounced (ɾɛˈpuːʃ)) is a village in the Municipality of Dobje in eastern Slovenia.	Repuš	Slovenia
country	Predajná is a village and municipality in the Brezno District, of the Banská Bystrica Region, located in central Slovakia.	Predajná	Slovakia
country	The InterContinental Paris Le Grand Hotel is a historic hotel in Paris, France, opened in 1862.	InterContinental Paris Le Grand Hotel	France
country	Lemyethna (Burmese: လေးမျက်နှာမြို့) is a town in the Ayeyarwady Division of south-west Myanmar.	Lemyethna	Myanmar
country	Naletale (or Nalatale) are ruins located about 25 kilometres east of Shangani in Matabeleland north, Zimbabwe and just north of the Dhlo Dhlo ruins.	Naletale	Zimbabwe
country	The Christian Democratic Appeal (Dutch: Christen-Democratisch Appèl, pronounced (krɪstə(n)deːmoːkraːtis ɑˈpɛl); CDA) is a Christian-democratic political party in the Netherlands founded in 1977, which participated in all but three governments since then.	Christian Democratic Appeal	Netherlands
country	Mudigonda (Telugu: ముదిగొండ) is a town and revenue-divisional headquarters located 14 km from Khammam, the headquarters of the Khammam District of Telangana, India.	Mudigonda	India
country	Gimach (Persian: گيمچ‎, also Romanized as Gīmach; also known as Gīmajg) is a village in Gowharan Rural District, Gowharan District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Gimach	Iran
country	Dzimtmisa is a village in Iecava Municipality in the historical region of Zemgale, and the Zemgale Planning Region in Latvia.	Dzimtmisa	Latvia
country	Hualahuises is a small town in the state of Nuevo León, in northern Mexico.	Hualahuises	Mexico
country	The Monastery of the Angels is the cloistered convent of a Roman Catholic religious order for women in Karachi, Pakistan.	Monastery of the Angels	Pakistan
country	The Cathedral Church of St. Fachtna, Ross is a cathedral of the Church of Ireland in Rosscarbery, County Cork in Ireland.	Cathedral Church of St. Fachtna	Ireland
country	Manang Airport (IATA: NGX, ICAO: VNMA) is an airport serving Manang valley, a town in the Manang district of the Gandaki zone in Nepal.	Manang Airport	Nepal
country	Tiên Phước Camp (also known as Tiên Phước Special Forces Camp) is a former U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) base southwest of Tam Kỳ in central Vietnam.	Tiên Phước Camp	Vietnam
country	Pasing is a district in the city of Munich, Germany, and part of the borough Pasing-Obermenzing.	Pasing	Germany
country	Shineh-ye Sharifabad (Persian: شينه شريف آباد‎, also Romanized as Shīneh-ye Sharīfābād) is a village in Naran Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Shineh-ye Sharifabad	Iran
country	Baetov (Kyrgyz: Баетов, Russian: Баетово), (until 1980 Dyurbeldjin) is a village and a center of Ak-Talaa District in the Naryn Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Baetov	Kyrgyzstan
country	Gol Mavaran (Persian: گل ماوران‎, also Romanized as Gol Māvarān) is a village in Dasht-e Bil Rural District, in the Central District of Oshnavieh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gol Mavaran	Iran
country	Zhavehrud Rural District (Persian: دهستان ژاورود‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Zhavehrud Rural District	Iran
country	Nerlandsøy Bridge (Norwegian: Nerlandsøybrua) is a bridge that crosses the Søre Vaulen strait between the islands of Bergsøya and Nerlandsøya in the municipality of Herøy in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Nerlandsøy Bridge	Norway
country	The Monte Arci is an isolated massif in the Uras plain in Campidano, Sardinia, Italy.	Monte Arci	Italy
country	The Jatayu Conservation Breeding Centre, Pinjore (JCBC), (Hindi: जटायु गिध संरक्षण एवं प्रजनन केँद्र) is a facility within Bir Shikargah Wildlife Sanctuary for the breeding and conservation of Indian vultures (गिध) in the State of Haryana, India, in Panchkula district in the town of Pinjore.	Jatayu Conservation Breeding Centre, Pinjore	India
country	The ruins of a historical site named Dargot is located in Drijat, which is on the Israel National Trail.	Drijat	Israel
country	The River Bain is very susceptible to flooding and many floods have occurred during its history, about once every 30--50 years, the most recent being the 2007 United Kingdom floods, when the river overtopped its banks all along its course.	River Bain	United Kingdom
country	Moissannes (Occitan: Moissanas) is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Limousin region in west-central France.	Moissannes	France
country	Weston Collegiate Institute is a Grade 9 to 12 public high school located in the York South-Weston area of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Weston Collegiate Institute	Canada
country	Shaklabad (Persian: شكل اباد‎, also Romanized as Shaklābād) is a village in Margavar Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shaklabad	Iran
country	Ljungarum Church (Swedish: Ljungarums kyrka) is a church building in Jönköping in Sweden.	Ljungarum Church	Sweden
country	The Kharkiv Choral Synagogue (Ukrainian: Харківська хоральна синагога) is a synagogue located in Kharkiv, Ukraine, the largest in the country, and a building of architectural significance.	Kharkiv Choral Synagogue	Ukraine
country	Kleinsee (German: Kleinsee) (Slovene: Malo Jezero) is a lake in municipality of Sankt Kanzian in Carinthia, Austria.	Kleinsee	Austria
country	Carbó is the municipal seat of Carbó Municipality of the state of Sonora, Mexico.	Carbó	Mexico
country	St Aloysius Convent of Mercy is a former Catholic convent located on Stirling Terrace in Toodyay, Western Australia, part of a larger site owned by the Church.	St Aloysius Convent of Mercy	Australia
country	The city is home to a national university in Myanmar Maritime University, and local universities in the University of East Yangon and Technological University, Thanlyin.	Thanlyin	Myanmar
country	The Klov Palace (Ukrainian: Кловський палац) is the seat of the Supreme Court of Ukraine in Kiev.	Klov Palace	Ukraine
country	Shahrak-e Aras (Persian: شهرك ارس ‎; also known as Shahrak-e Sadāras and Shahrak) is a village in Gejlarat-e Sharqi Rural District, Aras District, Poldasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Aras	Iran
country	Kapandriti (Greek: Καπανδρίτι) is a town in the north of East Attica in Greece.	Kapandriti	Greece
country	The Parc des Combes is a park located in Le Creusot, in Burgundy, France.	Parc des Combes	France
country	Melløs is a borough of the city Moss in Norway.	Melløs	Norway
country	The University of Toliara is historically the oldest center for higher education, founded in 1971 after the decentralization of the University of Madagascar center.	University of Toliara	Madagascar
country	Cartajima is a small village and municipality in the province of Málaga, part of the autonomous community of Andalusia in southern Spain.	Cartajima	Spain
country	Abu Basma Regional Council (Hebrew: מועצה אזורית אבו בסמה‎, Moatza Ezorit Abu Basma, Arabic: مجلس إقليمي أبو بسمة‎, Majlis Iqlimi Abu Basma) was a regional council operating in 2003-2012 and covering several Bedouin villages in the northwestern Negev desert of Israel.	Abu Basma Regional Council	Israel
country	Trnovlje pri Socki (pronounced (təɾˈnoːu̯ljɛ pɾi ˈsoːtski)) is a settlement in the hills east of Socka in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia.	Trnovlje pri Socki	Slovenia
country	Lake Runanga is one of two small lakes (the other being Lake Oingo) located to the west of the city of Hastings in the Hawke's Bay Region of the eastern North Island of New Zealand.	Lake Runanga	New Zealand
country	Ras Banas (Greek: Lepte Akra, Egyptian Arabic: راس بناس pronounced (ɾɑːs bæˈnæːs)) is a peninsula in Egypt extending into the Red Sea.	Ras Banas	Egypt
country	Gornje Međuše (Serbian: Горње Међуше) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Gornje Međuše	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Reza Abbasi Museum (Persian: موزه رضا عباسی ) is a museum in Tehran, Iran.	Reza Abbasi Museum	Iran
country	The Fort de Lantin is one of twelve forts built as part of the Fortifications of Liège in the late 19th century in Belgium.	Fort de Lantin	Belgium
country	Under Army 2020, the Media Operations Group became a unit within the newly formed 77th Brigade (United Kingdom).	Media Operations Group	United Kingdom
country	Rumonge is the capital of Rumonge Province, Burundi, and is located on the shores of Lake Tanganyika.	Rumonge	Burundi
country	Lendavske Gorice (Hungarian: Lendvahegy) is a settlement in the hills immediately east of Lendava in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.	Lendavske Gorice	Slovenia
country	Franckowa Buda (frant͡sˈkɔva ˈbuda) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Franckowa Buda	Poland
country	Chaa Creek is a tributary of the Macal River in the Cayo District in western Belize.	Chaa Creek	Belize
country	Okuru is the name of a locality on the West Coast of New Zealand.	Okuru	New Zealand
country	Freilichtspiele Altusried is an open-air theatre in Altusried, Bavaria, Germany.	Freilichtspiele Altusried	Germany
country	Pamporovo (Bulgarian: Пампорово) is a popular ski resort in Smolyan Province, southern Bulgaria, one of the best-known in Southeastern Europe.	Pamporovo	Bulgaria
country	Jabbar Kandi (Persian: جباركندي‎, also Romanized as Jabbār Kandī; also known as ʿAntar Kandī-ye Soflá) is a village in Chaldoran-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Jabbar Kandi	Iran
country	Auls (ˈauls) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Auls	Poland
country	Sirmium was located on the Sava river, on the site of modern Sremska Mitrovica in Vojvodina province, northern Serbia.	Sirmium	Serbia
country	Anbaqin (Persian: عنبقين‎, also Romanized as Anbaqīn; also known as ``Amaqīn, Ambakin, and Ammehghin) is a village in Khandan Rural District, Tarom Sofla District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 177, in 65 families.	Anbaqin	Iran
country	Ratac or Ratac Abbey (Italian: Santa Maria de Rotezo, Serbian: Манастир Богородице Ратачке) was a fortified monastic complex on the coast of the peninsula between Bar and Sutomore in modern-day Montenegro.	Ratac Abbey	Montenegro
country	Budersberg (Luxembourgish: Butschebuerg) is a small town in the commune of Dudelange, in southern Luxembourg.	Budersberg	Luxembourg
country	Bjøllåga (Bell River) is a river in the municipality of Rana in Nordland, Norway.	Bjøllåga	Norway
country	The Castelltallat range (catalan language: Serra de Castelltallat) is located in central Catalonia (Spain) between the counties of Bages and Solsonès, occupying an area of about 65 square kilometers.	Castelltallat range	Spain
country	Kieler Yacht-Club (Kiel Yacht Club) is one of the oldest yacht clubs in Germany.	Kieler Yacht-Club	Germany
country	The Bund der Deutschen Katholischen Jugend (BDKJ) is the umbrella of Catholic youth organizations in Germany.	Bund der Deutschen Katholischen Jugend	Germany
country	Weenen (Dutch for ``to weep'') is the second oldest European settlement in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.	Weenen	South Africa
country	The Challenger Mountains are a mountain range on Ellesmere Island in Nunavut, Canada.	Challenger Mountains	Canada
country	The Cape Bruny Lighthouse is an inactive lighthouse located at the southern tip of Bruny Island, Tasmania, Australia.	Cape Bruny Lighthouse	Australia
country	Vimercate is a city and comune in the province of Monza and Brianza, Lombardy, northern Italy.	Vimercate	Italy
country	The Roman-Gaul Baths of Entrammes (Thermes gallo-romains d'Entrammes in French) is a group of Gallo-Roman thermal baths in Entrammes, Mayenne, France.	Roman-Gaul Baths of Entrammes	France
country	Hämeenkyrö Airfield (ICAO: EFHM) is an airfield in Hämeenkyrö, Finland, about 7 nautical miles (13 km; 8 mi) northwest of Hämeenkyrö centre.	Hämeenkyrö Airfield	Finland
country	The Phalgu or Falgu, a river that flows past Gaya, India in the Indian state of Bihar, is a sacred river for Hindus and Buddhists.	Phalgu	India
country	The Störtebeker Festival (German: Störtebeker-Festspiele) is an annual open-air theatre festival in Germany.	Störtebeker Festival	Germany
country	Shamwari Game Reserve is located 75 km outside Port Elizabeth, Eastern Cape, South Africa.	Shamwari Game Reserve	South Africa
country	Tairunnessa Memorial Medical College (TMMC) (Bengali: তাইরুন্নেসা মেমোরিয়াল মেডিকেল কলেজ) is a private medical school in Bangladesh, established in 1995.	Tairunnessa Memorial Medical College	Bangladesh
country	Łąka Prudnicka (ˈwɔnka prudˈnit͡ska) (German: Gräflich Wiese) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prudnik, within Prudnik County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Łąka Prudnicka	Poland
country	The Christchurch Northern Motorway is a motorway north of Christchurch, New Zealand, linking the northern Christchurch suburb of Belfast with Pineacres, between Woodend and Kaiapoi, bypassing the Kaiapoi area.	Christchurch Northern Motorway	New Zealand
country	Ahar (Persian: اهر‎, Azerbaijani: 'Əhər - اهر') is a city in and the capital of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ahar	Iran
country	The Reichstag building (German: Reichstagsgebäude; officially: Plenarbereich Reichstagsgebäude) is a historical edifice in Berlin, Germany, constructed to house the Imperial Diet (German: Reichstag), of the German Empire.	Reichstag building	Germany
country	Goudouko is a town in southern Ivory Coast.	Goudouko	Ivory Coast
country	The Navisbach is a small river that flows through the Navistal (Navis valley), in Tyrol, Austria.	Navisbach	Austria
country	Modi'in Central Railway Station (Hebrew: תחנת הרכבת מודיעין מרכז‎, Tahanat HaRakevet Modi'in Merkaz) is an Israel Railways passenger terminal and one of two stations serving the residents of Modi'in (the other being Paatei Modi'in).	Modi'in Central Railway Station	Israel
country	Magdalensee is a small lake east of the Carinthian city of Villach, Austria.	Magdalensee	Austria
country	Spodnje Gorje (pronounced (ˈspoːdnjɛ ˈɡɔːɾjɛ)) is the largest settlement in the Municipality of Gorje in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Spodnje Gorje	Slovenia
country	Arzhan District (Persian: بخش ارژن‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Arzhan District	Iran
country	Kyiv Mohyla Business School (kmbs) is a business school in Ukraine.	Kyiv Mohyla Business School	Ukraine
country	Yttertavle is a small locality situated in Umeå Municipality, Västerbotten County, Sweden, with 75 inhabitants in 2005.	Yttertavle	Sweden
country	Storozhynets (Ukrainian: Сторожинець, translit. Storozhynets'', see other names below) is a small city located in Chernivtsi Oblast of western Ukraine, north of the border with Romania.	Storozhynets	Ukraine
country	Nowy Barcik (ˈnɔvɨ ˈbart͡ɕik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanniki, within Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowy Barcik	Poland
country	Tuasivi is a village situated on the north east coast of Savai'i island in Samoa.	Tuasivi	Samoa
country	The Port of Szczecin (ˈʂt͡ʂɛt͡ɕin) (in Polish generally Port Szczecin) is a Polish seaport and deep water harbour in Szczecin, Poland.	Port of Szczecin	Poland
country	Sveta Trojica v Slovenskih Goricah (pronounced (ˈsveːta tɾɔˈjiːtsa ʍ slɔˈveːnskiɣ ɡɔˈɾiːtsax); Slovene: Sveta Trojica v Slovenskih goricah) is a settlement and a municipality in northeastern Slovenia.	Sveta Trojica v Slovenskih Goricah	Slovenia
country	Karad Airport (ICAO: VA1M) is located in Satara district of Maharashtra state in India.	Karad Airport	India
country	The Trondhjem Hospital (Norwegian: Trondhjems Hospital; colloquially: Hospitalet) is a charitable foundation in Trondheim, Norway.	Trondhjem Hospital	Norway
country	Colonia 18 de Julio is a caserío (hamlet) in the Salto Department of northwestern Uruguay.	Colonia 18 de Julio	Uruguay
country	Macquarie Fields High School (abbreviated MFHS) is a co-educational, academically selective high school in Macquarie Fields, Sydney, Australia.	Macquarie Fields High School	Australia
country	Wolgast (German pronunciation: (ˈvɔlɡast)) is a town in the district of Vorpommern-Greifswald, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Wolgast	Germany
country	Kashasha is a village on the western coast of Lake Victoria in the Muleba District of the Kagera Region, Tanzania, near the border of Uganda.	Kashasha	Tanzania
country	Adolf Fredrik's Music School (Swedish: Adolf Fredriks Musikklasser) is a general municipal junior high school (Swedish: grundskola) in Stockholm, Sweden with a focus on choral music.	Adolf Fredrik's Music School	Sweden
country	The Cromwell Gorge is a deep gorge on the Clutha River in the Otago region of New Zealand's South Island.	Cromwell Gorge	New Zealand
country	Jaktorów-Kolonia (jakˈtɔruf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaktorów, within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jaktorów-Kolonia	Poland
country	The Château de Beaumont-sur-Oise is a ruined medieval castle in the commune of Beaumont-sur-Oise in the Val-d'Oise département of France.	Château de Beaumont-sur-Oise	France
country	The Dampfbahn Fränkische Schweiz e. V. (Franconian Switzerland Steam Railway Co. Ltd.) or DFS is a German museum railway based in Ebermannstadt in Franconian Switzerland, part of northern Bavaria, Germany.	Dampfbahn Fränkische Schweiz	Germany
country	Baltinava is a village in and the center of Baltinava municipality, Latvia.	Baltinava	Latvia
country	The Glatt Valley (German: Glattal or Glatttal) is a region and a river valley in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.	Glatt Valley	Switzerland
country	Şurud (also, Şurut, Shurud, and Shurut) is a village and municipality in the Julfa Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan.	Şurud	Azerbaijan
country	Wafra (Arabic: الوفرة‎) is the southernmost area in Kuwait.	Wafra	Kuwait
country	The 12th arrondissement of Paris (also known as ``arrondissement de Reuilly'') is one of the 20 arrondissements (administrative districts) of the capital city of France.	12th arrondissement of Paris	France
country	Lublin Voivodeship, or Lublin Province (in Polish, województwo lubelskie (vɔjɛˈvut͡stfɔ luˈbɛlskʲɛ)), is a voivodeship, or province, located in southeastern Poland.	Lublin Voivodeship	Poland
country	Antarcticfjellet is a mountain range at the island of Bjørnøya of the Svalbard archipelago, Norway.	Antarcticfjellet	Norway
country	Aqa Morad (Persian: اقامراد‎, also Romanized as Āqā Morād) is a village in Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District, Arshaq District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Aqa Morad	Iran
country	Bondamunda railway station (IR Station code:BNDM) is an important railway station under Chakradharpur division of South Eastern Railway (India) zone of Indian Railways.	Bondamunda	India
country	Phuket International Airport () is an airport serving Phuket Province of Thailand.	Phuket International Airport	Thailand
country	Tandubato is an island-barangay in Tandubas, Philippines, one of the smaller islands of the Tawi-Tawi group, of the Sulu Archipelago.	Tandubato	Philippines
country	San Giorgio a Cremano is a primarily residential town and comune in the Metropolitan City of Naples, in Italy.	San Giorgio a Cremano	Italy
country	The Bay of Vlorë is a bay in southern Albania and the largest in the country.	Bay of Vlorë	Albania
country	Sansum Narrows is a strait or channel between Vancouver Island (W) and Saltspring Island (E) in the Southern Gulf Islands region of British Columbia, Canada.	Sansum Narrows	Canada
country	The Argentan Abbey (French: Abbaye Notre-Dame d'Argentan) is an 11th-century Benedictine abbey in Argentan, France.	Argentan Abbey	France
country	Nišići (Serbian: Нишићи) is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Nišići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Hrastek (pronounced (ˈxɾaːstək)) is a small settlement in the Gorjanci Hills in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Hrastek	Slovenia
country	The Berach River, a tributary of the Banas River, is a river of Rajasthan state in western India.	Berach River	India
country	The Plains of Abraham (French: Plaines d'Abraham) is a historic area within The Battlefields Park in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada.	Plains of Abraham	Canada
country	Lake Tsimanampetsotsa (French: Lac Tsimanampetsotsa) is a saline lake in the Toliara Province, southwestern part of Madagascar.	Lake Tsimanampetsotsa	Madagascar
country	Rubtsovsk Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Рубцовск) (ICAO: UNBR) is an airport in Russia located 6 km north of Rubtsovsk.	Rubtsovsk Airport	Russia
country	Wola Cygowska (ˈvɔla t͡sɨˈɡɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Cygowska	Poland
country	Jereka (pronounced (jɛˈɾeːka)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Jereka	Slovenia
country	Wieselburg is a town in Lower Austria, Austria, located near the River Erlauf.	Wieselburg	Austria
country	The Sans-Souci Palace is a palace in Haiti in the town of Milot, Nord Department.	Sans-Souci Palace	Haiti
country	The Christian Democratic National Peasants' Party (Romanian: Partidul Național Țărănesc Creștin Democrat, PNȚ-CD) is a Christian democratic and agrarian political party in Romania.	Christian Democratic National Peasants' Party	Romania
country	Amitabha Monastery is a Tibetan Buddhist monastery in Nepal.	Amitabha Monastery	Nepal
country	Sinharaja Forest Reserve is a national park and a biodiversity hotspot in Sri Lanka.	Sinharaja Forest Reserve	Sri Lanka
country	The Malacca International Trade Centre (MITC; Malay: Pusat Perdagangan Antarabangsa Melaka) is a convention centre situated in Ayer Keroh, a small town in the state of Malacca, Malaysia.	Malacca International Trade Centre	Malaysia
country	Wallis Lake, an open and trained wave dominated barrier estuary, is located within the Great Lakes local government area in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.	Wallis Lake	Australia
country	Vantaa (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈʋɑntɑː); Swedish: Vanda) is a city and municipality in Finland.	Vantaa	Finland
country	The Transport Accident and Incident Investigation Bureau (TAIIB, Latvian: Transporta nelaimes gadījumu un incidentu izmeklēšanas birojs) is a government agency of Latvia that investigates transport accidents and incidents.	Transport Accident and Incident Investigation Bureau	Latvia
country	The 1905 Bolnai earthquake occurred in or near the Asgat Sum of Zavkhan Province in Mongolia on 23 July.	1905 Bolnai earthquake	Mongolia
country	The Takaka Aerodrome serves the town of Takaka, in the South Island of New Zealand.	Takaka Aerodrome	New Zealand
country	Gandakha is a town of Jafarabad District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan Pakistan.	Gandakha	Pakistan Pakistan
country	Halali-ye Mansur (Persian: هلالي منصور‎, also Romanized as Halālī-ye Manşūr; also known as Halālī-ye Manşūrī) is a village in Kaki Rural District, Kaki District, Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Halali-ye Mansur	Iran
country	Fishvar (Persian: فيشور‎‎, also Romanized as Fīshvar)is in, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Fishvar	Iran
country	North Solitary Island Light is an active lighthouse on North Solitary Island, a large island off the coast of New South Wales, Australia.	North Solitary Island Light	Australia
country	Swedish Dancesport Federation (DSF) administers all dancesport in Sweden.	Swedish Dancesport Federation	Sweden
country	Lidingö is an island in the inner Stockholm archipelago, northeast of Stockholm, Sweden.	Lidingö	Sweden
country	Trans-Tasman is an adjective used primarily in Australia and New Zealand, which signifies an interrelationship between both countries.	Trans-Tasman	Australia
country	Tebhapadar is a village of Birmaharajpur subdivision of Subarnapur district of Orissa, India.	Tebhapadar	India
country	Niesky (-German, Sorbian/Polish: Niska) is a small town in Upper Lusatia in eastern the Free State of Saxony, Germany.	Niesky	Germany
country	Fashalanj (Persian: فشالنج‎, also Romanized as Fashālanj and Fashālenj; also known as Fashālaj, Fashalani, and Fīshehlānī) is a village in Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Fashalanj	Iran
country	Tharuvana is a small town in Vellamunda Panchayath of Wayanad district, Kerala, India.	Tharuvana	India
country	The Sajó (Hungarian) or Slaná (Slovak) is a river in Slovakia and Hungary.	Sajó	Slovakia	Hungary
country	Płoski (ˈpwɔski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Płoski	Poland
country	Kharkiv North Airport (ICAO: UKHV) (also known as Kharkiv Sokolniki Airport) is an airport in Ukraine located 4 km north of Kharkiv.	Kharkiv North Airport	Ukraine
country	CHCA-TV was a television station in Red Deer, Alberta, Canada.	CHCA-TV	Canada
country	'The Dow Jones Islamic Market Index' (DJIM), launched in 1999 in Bahrain, was the first index created for investors seeking investments in compliance with Muslim Sharia law.	Dow Jones Islamic Market Index	Bahrain
country	Mali Gaber (pronounced (ˈmaːli ˈɡaːbəɾ); German: Kleingaber) is a small village northwest of Veliki Gaber in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Mali Gaber	Slovenia
country	Bartno (ˈbartnɔ) (German: Reichbarten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małdyty, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bartno	Poland
country	Baljek Airport (ICAO: VETU) (also known as Tura Airport) is a public airport located at Baljek, 33 km (21 mi) North-east of Tura in Meghalaya, India.	Baljek Airport	India
country	Bonke is one of the woredas in the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples' Region of Ethiopia.	Bonke	Ethiopia
country	The Ventspils Coach Terminal (Latvian: Ventspils autoosta; often abbreviated Ventspils AO) is the central bus station for inter-city services in Ventspils, Latvia.	Ventspils Coach Terminal	Latvia
country	Havelock Airport (TC LID: CCS5), is adjacent to the community of Havelock, New Brunswick, Canada.	Havelock Airport	Canada
country	Castrocontrigo (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈkastɾokonˈtɾiɣo)) is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain, 80 km far from the province capital.	Castrocontrigo	Spain
country	In recent years, Kishangarh has come to be known as the marble city of India.	Kishangarh	India
country	Nea Chalkidona (Greek: Νέα Χαλκηδόνα, meaning New Chalcedon) is a suburb of Athens, Greece.	Nea Chalkidona	Greece
country	Vashkan Chan (Persian: وشكان چان‎, also Romanized as Vashkān Chān; also known as Vāshkān Jān, Vashkānjān, and Vashkonchān) is a village in Ashar Rural District, Ashar District, Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Vashkan Chan	Iran
country	Hasangazi (formerly Lu'lu'a, Lulu, or Lüle) is a village of the district Ulukışla in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey.	Hasangazi	Turkey
country	Danish national road 21 is a road going from Copenhagen, Denmark to Randers, Denmark.	Danish national road 21	Denmark
country	Hodayot (Hebrew: הוֹדָיוֹת) (lit. ``Thanksgiving'') is a religious boarding school and youth village in the Lower Galilee, Israel.	Hodayot	Israel
country	Zemidan (Persian: زميدان‎, also Romanized as Zemīdān, Zamīdān, and Zomeydan) is a village in Layl Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Zemidan	Iran
country	Zagros Paleolithic Museum (Persian: موزه پارینه‌سنگی زاگرس‎) is a museum in Kermanshah, Iran, established in 2008.	Zagros Paleolithic Museum	Iran
country	Greater Hume Shire is a local government area in the Riverina region of southern New South Wales, Australia.	Greater Hume Shire	Australia
country	Aumeisteri Manor (Latvian: Aumeisteru muižas pils), also called Aumeistari Manor, is a manor house built by Baron Johann von Wulf in the historical region of Vidzeme, northern Latvia, after 1750 and reconstructed in 1793.	Aumeisteri Manor	Latvia
country	Komagfjord Church (Norwegian: Komagfjord kirke) is a parish church in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Komagfjord Church	Norway
country	Montazeriyeh Rural District (Persian: دهستان منتظريه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Montazeriyeh Rural District	Iran
country	Conquerville (also known as Maleb) is an unincorporated community in the County of Forty Mile No. 8, Alberta, Canada.	Conquerville	Canada
country	Ivanci (Hungarian: Zalaivánd) is a small village southeast of Bogojina in the Municipality of Moravske Toplice in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.	Ivanci	Slovenia
country	Mangatainoka is a small settlement in the Tararua District of New Zealand's North Island.	Mangatainoka	New Zealand
country	Eferding Airport (German: Flugplatz Eferding, ICAO: LOLE) is a private use airport located 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) northwest of Eferding, Oberösterreich, Austria.	Eferding Airport	Austria
country	Marinduque (Tagalog pronunciation: (marinˈduke)) is an island province in the Philippines located in MIMAROPA (Region IV-B) region.	Marinduque	Philippines
country of origin	Net Deception (Traditional Chinese: 追魂交易) is a Hong Kong television crime drama serial released overseas in January 2004 and broadcast on Hong Kong's Jade network from 17 May to 9 June 2006.	Net Deception	Hong Kong
creator	Prada Marfa is a permanently installed sculpture by artists Elmgreen and Dragset, situated 1.4 miles (2.3 km) northwest of Valentine, Texas, just off U.S. Highway 90 (US 90), and about 26 miles (42 km) northwest of the city of Marfa.	Prada Marfa	Elmgreen and Dragset
creator	The Amanda Show is an American live action sketch comedy and variety show created by Dan Schneider that aired on Nickelodeon in April 4, 1999 as a pilot, then as a regular series from October 16, 1999 to September 21, 2002.	The Amanda Show	Dan Schneider
creator	Apocalypse World is a post-apocalyptic roleplaying game by D. Vincent Baker, published in 2010 with only an implied setting that is fleshed out by the players in the course of character creation.	Apocalypse World	Vincent Baker
creator	Ascending and Descending is a lithograph print by the Dutch artist M. C. Escher first printed in March 1960.	Ascending and Descending	M. C. Escher
creator	The Seven Sorrows Polyptych is an oil on panel painting by Albrecht Dürer.	Seven Sorrows Polyptych	Albrecht Dürer
creator	Philippine Agenda is an eight-part news and public affairs program of the GMA Network about the 2007 Philippine elections hosted by five journalists of GMA Network :	Philippine Agenda	GMA Network
creator	Thetis Receiving the Weapons of Achilles from Hephaestus is a 1630-32 painting by the Flemish painter Anthony van Dyck.	Thetis Receiving the Weapons of Achilles from Hephaestus	Anthony van Dyck
creator	Along the River During the Qingming Festival (simplified Chinese: 清明上河图; traditional Chinese: 清明上河圖; pinyin: Qīngmíng Shànghé Tú) is a painting by the Song dynasty artist Zhang Zeduan (1085--1145).	Along the River During the Qingming Festival	Zhang Zeduan
creator	Scene from Shakespeare's The Tempest is a painting by William Hogarth, an 18th-century English painter.	Scene from Shakespeare's The Tempest	William Hogarth
creator	Starring Lloyd Bridges and Helen Slater, Capital News was created by David Milch and Christian Williams.	Capital News	David Milch
creator	MotorSport Ranch is an American reality television series created by Alexander Muse.	MotorSport Ranch	Alexander Muse
creator	The Hours of Hennessy or Hours of Notre-Dame is a 1530 illuminated book of Hours attributed to the Bruges artist Simon Bening and his workshop.	Hours of Hennessy	Simon Bening
creator	NewsWatch Aksyon Balita (Filipino for ``NewsWatch Action News'', formerly RPN Aksyon News later became RPN Aksyon Balita) is the final Filipino-language newscast and the late afternoon news broadcast of Radio Philippines Network in the Philippines.	NewsWatch Aksyon Balita	Radio Philippines Network
creator	Woman Holding a Balance, also called Woman Testing a Balance, is an oil painting by Dutch Baroque artist Johannes Vermeer.	Woman Holding a Balance	Johannes Vermeer
creator	Diana and Apollo Killing Niobe's Children is a 1772 painting by Jacques-Louis David, now in the Dallas Museum of Art. He produced it to compete for the Prix de Rome.	Diana and Apollo Killing Niobe's Children	Jacques-Louis David
creator	Victory O Lord! (1871) is a painting by John Everett Millais depicting Moses, Aaron and Hur during the Battle of Rephidim against the Amalekites.	Victory O Lord!	John Everett Millais
creator	As I Opened Fire (sometimes As I Opened Fire...) is a 1964 oil and magna on canvas painting by Roy Lichtenstein.	As I Opened Fire	Roy Lichtenstein
creator	The Apotheosis of Washington is the fresco painted by Greek-Italian artist Constantino Brumidi in 1865 and visible through the oculus of the dome in the rotunda of the United States Capitol Building.	The Apotheosis of Washington	Constantino Brumidi
creator	Le Bénédicité (English: Grace) is a painting by the French artist Jean-Baptiste-Siméon Chardin.	Le Bénédicité	Jean-Baptiste-Siméon Chardin
creator	Kung Mamahalin Mo Lang Ako or If Only You Love Me (international title) is an afternoon soap opera aired on GMA Network produced by TAPE Inc. starring Marian Rivera, Ehra Madrigal and Camille Prats.	Kung Mamahalin Mo Lang Ako	TAPE Inc.
creator	The Full Cupboard of Life is the fifth in The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency series of novels by Alexander McCall Smith, set in Gaborone, Botswana, and featuring the Motswana protagonist Precious Ramotswe.	The Full Cupboard of Life	Alexander McCall Smith
creator	The Wall of Sound (also called the Spector Sound) is a music production formula developed by record producer Phil Spector at Gold Star Studios during the 1960s.	Wall of Sound	Phil Spector
creator	Just what is it that makes today's homes so different, so appealing? is a collage by English artist Richard Hamilton.	Just what is it that makes today's homes so different, so appealing?	Richard Hamilton
creator	Humility theology is a school of thought founded by John Templeton.	Humility theology	John Templeton
creator	Santa Cristina al Tiverone Altarpiece is a painting by the Italian Renaissance painter Lorenzo Lotto, executed around 1504-1506.	Santa Cristina al Tiverone Altarpiece	Lorenzo Lotto
creator	Peter Guillam is a fictional character in John le Carré's series of espionage novels.	Peter Guillam	John le Carré
creator	Throwback (1/3) is a public artwork by American artist Tony Smith, located in the Marsh & McLennan Companies (MMC) Plaza at 1166 Avenue of the Americas in New York City, New York.	Throwback (1/3)	Tony Smith
creator	View of the Domaine Saint-Joseph is a painting by French artist Paul Cézanne.	View of the Domaine Saint-Joseph	Paul Cézanne
creator	Dovedale by Moonlight is one of five paintings by Joseph Wright of Derby which uses the picturesque valley of Dovedale as its subject.	Dovedale by Moonlight	Joseph Wright of Derby
creator	Portrait of Wally is a 1912 oil painting by Austrian painter Egon Schiele of Valerie ``Wally'' Neuzil, a woman he met in 1911 when she was 17 years old and who was a model for a number of Schiele's most striking paintings.	Portrait of Wally	Egon Schiele
creator	In Front of Yorktown, 1862-1863 is an oil painting by Winslow Homer of men from McClellan's Army of the Potomac, before the Siege of Yorktown.	In Front of Yorktown	Winslow Homer
creator	The Conestabile Madonna is a small (and probably unfinished) painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Raphael.	Conestabile Madonna	Raphael
creator	Portrait of Captain Thomas Coram is a 1740 portrait of philanthropist Thomas Coram painted by William Hogarth.	Portrait of Captain Thomas Coram	William Hogarth
creator	The Snail (L'escargot) is a collage by Henri Matisse.	The Snail	Henri Matisse
creator	Astronomer Copernicus, or Conversations with God (Polish: Astronom Kopernik, czyli rozmowa z Bogiem) is an oil painting by the Polish artist Jan Matejko, finished in 1873, depicting Nicolaus Copernicus observing the heavens from a balcony by a tower near the cathedral in Frombork (seen in the back).	Astronomer Copernicus, or Conversations with God	Jan Matejko
creator	It Was My Best Birthday Ever, Charlie Brown is the 38th animated TV special based on characters from the Charles M. Schulz comic strip Peanuts.	It Was My Best Birthday Ever, Charlie Brown	Charles M. Schulz
creator	Dirty Sexy Money is an American prime time drama series created by Craig Wright.	Dirty Sexy Money	Craig Wright
creator	Baseball Manager is a 1963 pop art painting by Roy Lichtenstein.	Baseball Manager	Roy Lichtenstein
creator	The Madonna del cardellino or Madonna of the Goldfinch is a painting by the Italian renaissance artist Raphael, from c. 1505-1506.	Madonna del cardellino	Raphael
creator	A Bridge Across and Beyond, is a public artwork by American artist Richard Hunt, located at the Blackburn Center on the Howard University campus in Washington, D.C., United States.	A Bridge Across and Beyond	Richard Hunt
creator	Fun-Fare is the eleventh studio album by Japanese music duo Every Little Thing.	Fun-Fare	Every Little Thing
creator	The Portrait of Jakob Fugger is a oil painting by German Renaissance artist Albrecht Dürer, executed around 1520.	Portrait of Jakob Fugger	Albrecht Dürer
creator	The Canova Lions, located in front of the Corcoran Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C., are copies of a pair of lions sculpted by Antonio Canova in 1792 for the tomb of Pope Clement XIII in St Peter's in Rome.	Canova Lions	Antonio Canova
creator	Lestat de Lioncourt is a fictional character appearing in several novels by Anne Rice, including The Vampire Lestat.	Lestat de Lioncourt	Anne Rice
creator	Collins St., 5 pm is a 1955 painting by Australian artist John Brack.	Collins St., 5 pm	John Brack
creator	Pinoy Meets World is a travel and lifestyle program aired once a month on a Sunday evening by GMA Network.	Pinoy Meets World	GMA Network
creator	Cards on the Table is a detective novel by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 2 November 1936 and in the US by Dodd, Mead and Company the following year.	Cards on the Table	Agatha Christie
creator	Garfield is an American comic strip created by Jim Davis.	Garfield	Jim Davis
creator	The Droeshout portrait or Droeshout engraving is a portrait of William Shakespeare engraved by Martin Droeshout as the frontispiece for the title page of the First Folio collection of Shakespeare's plays, published in 1623.	Droeshout portrait	Martin Droeshout
creator	La Zingarella or Gypsy Girl is a 140 centimetres (55 in) tall statue of Diana commissioned by Scipione Borghese and executed by Nicolas Cordier.	La Zingarella	Nicolas Cordier
creator	The Death of Hyacinthos, sometimes referred to as The Death of Hyacinth, was completed by Jean Broc in 1801.	The Death of Hyacinthos	Jean Broc
creator	Portrait of Federico II Gonzaga (c. 1529) is a painting by Titian, who signed it Ticianus f..	Portrait of Federico II Gonzaga	Titian
creator	The Pirates of Dark Water is a fantasy animated series produced by Hanna-Barbera and created by David Kirschner and first aired in 1991.	The Pirates of Dark Water	David Kirschner
creator	Picasso's Rose Period represents an important epoch in the life and work of the Spanish artist Pablo Picasso and had a great impact on the developments of modern art. It began in 1904 at a time when Picasso settled in Montmartre at the Bateau-Lavoir among bohemian poets and writers.	Picasso's Rose Period	Pablo Picasso
date of birth	Marek Sząszor (Polish pronunciation: (ˈmarɛk ˈʂɔ̃ʂɔr); born 28 August 1970) is a Polish former competitive figure skater.	Marek Sząszor	28 August 1970
date of death	John Lucas, 1st Baron Lucas of Shenfield (October 1606 -- 2 July 1671) was an English Royalist soldier, industrialist and landowner.	John Lucas, 1st Baron Lucas of Shenfield	2 July 1671
director	Team Queen is a music video for Triple Creme directed by Leah Meyerhoff.	Team Queen	Leah Meyerhoff
director	Lovers in the Year One (Czech: Milenci v roce jedna) is a 1973 Czechoslovakian drama film directed by Jaroslav Balík.	Lovers in the Year One	Jaroslav Balík
director	Go for a Take (aka, Double Take) is a 1972 British comedy film directed by Harry Booth and featuring Dennis Price, Bob Todd, Reg Varney, Norman Rossington, Sue Lloyd, and Anouska Hempel.	Go for a Take	Harry Booth
director	The Forbidden Quest is a 1993 mockumentary written and directed by Peter Delpeut.	The Forbidden Quest	Peter Delpeut
director	Women Are Like That is a 1938 American drama film directed by Stanley Logan and written by Horace Jackson.	Women Are Like That	Stanley Logan
director	Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana is a 2012 Indian comedy film produced by Ronnie Screwvala, Siddharth Roy Kapur and Anurag Kashyap and directed by Sameer Sharma (his directorial debut).	Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana	Sameer Sharma
director	In the Heart of the Woods is a 1915 American silent short drama film directed by Tom Ricketts and written by Marion Heffernan.	In the Heart of the Woods	Tom Ricketts
director	The Heart Breaker is a 1925 American short comedy film directed by Philadelphian director, Benjamin Stoloff.	The Heart Breaker	Benjamin Stoloff
director	Parbona Ami Chartey Tokey (Bengali: পারব না আমি ছাড়তে তোকে; English: I can not leave you) is a 2015 Bengali romantic drama film directed by Raj Chakraborty and produced by Shree Venkatesh Films and Surinder Films.	Parbona Ami Chartey Tokey	Raj Chakraborty
director	Ullam Ketkumae is a 2005 Tamil romance film directed and co-written by Jeeva, with dialogues by Sujatha.	Ullam Ketkumae	Jeeva
director	Apasionadamente (English language:Passionately) is a 1944 Argentine romantic comedy film directed by Luis César Amadori and written by Enrique Vico Carré.	Apasionadamente	Luis César Amadori
director	Solemn Promise (Serbian: Беса, translit. Besa) is a 2009 Serbian drama film directed by Srđan Karanović.	Solemn Promise	Srđan Karanović
director	Lady Marion's Summer Flirtation (Swedish: Lady Marions sommarflirt) is a 1913 Swedish silent drama film directed by Victor Sjöström.	Lady Marion's Summer Flirtation	Victor Sjöström
director	Wandering Husbands, also known as Loves and Lies, is a 1924 American silent drama film directed by William Beaudine.	Wandering Husbands	William Beaudine
director	Sundel Bolong or Sundelbolong is a 1981 Indonesian cult horror film directed by Sisworo Gautama Putra.	Sundelbolong	Sisworo Gautama Putra
director	Mission 90 Days is a 2007 Malayalam film by Major Ravi starring Mammooty.	Mission 90 Days	Major Ravi
director	Mungarina Minchu (Kannada: ಮುಂಗಾರಿನ ಮಿಂಚು) is a 1997 Indian Kannada language film directed by Rajendra Singh Babu starring Ramesh Arvind and Shilpa.	Mungarina Minchu	Rajendra Singh Babu
director	The Capture of Bigfoot (aka The Legend of Bigfoot) is a 1979 horror film from Bill Rebane, the director of Monster A-Go-Go.	The Capture of Bigfoot	Bill Rebane
director	Novemberinte Nashtam (English: November's Loss) is a 1982 Malayalam romantic drama film written and directed by P. Padmarajan.	Novemberinte Nashtam	P. Padmarajan
director	Legion of the Night is a 1995 horror film directed by Matt Jaissle and stars Tim Lovelace, Jeff Rector, Ron Asheton, Heather Fine, and S. William Hinzman.	Legion of the Night	Matt Jaissle
director	Daffy Duck Hunt is a 1949 animated Warner Bros. Looney Tunes cartoon, directed by Robert McKimson, and starring Porky Pig, Daffy Duck and Barnyard Dawg.	Daffy Duck Hunt	Robert McKimson
director	Three Is a Family is a 1944 American comedy film directed by Edward Ludwig.	Three Is a Family	Edward Ludwig
director	National Lampoon's Van Wilder (released internationally as Van Wilder: Party Liaison) is a 2002 German-American romantic comedy film directed by Walt Becker and written by Brent Goldberg and David T. Wagner.	Van Wilder	Walt Becker
director	A Modern Musketeer is a 1917 American silent adventure comedy film directed and written by Allan Dwan.	A Modern Musketeer	Allan Dwan
director	Bhairava Dweepam (English: Bhairava's Island) is a 1994 Telugu, folklore fantasy film produced by B. Venkatarama Reddy on Chandamama Vijaya Pictures banner, written and directed by Singeetam Srinivasa Rao.	Bhairava Dweepam	Singeetam Srinivasa Rao
director	Playing the Game is a 1918 American silent comedy drama film directed by Victor Schertzinger and written by Julien Josephson and R. Cecil Smith.	Playing the Game	Victor Schertzinger
director	No Greater Glory is a 1934 American Pre-Code allegorical anti-war film directed by Frank Borzage and based on the novel A Pál utcai fiúk by Ferenc Molnár.	No Greater Glory	Frank Borzage
director	Delete My Love (Chinese: Delete愛人) is a 2014 Hong Kong romantic comedy film directed and written by Patrick Kong.	Delete My Love	Patrick Kong
director	Ten Laps to Go (King of the Speedway) is a 1938 American action/drama film directed by Elmer Clifton.	Ten Laps to Go	Elmer Clifton
director	Neil Young Journeys is a 2011 American concert documentary film produced and directed by Jonathan Demme, featuring Neil Young and produced for Sony Pictures Classics.	Neil Young Journeys	Jonathan Demme
director	Thirumoorthy is a 1995 Tamil action film directed Pavithran.	Thirumoorthy	Pavithran
director	The Cuban Love Song is a 1931 American musical film directed by W. S. Van Dyke and written by C. Gardner Sullivan, Bess Meredyth, John Lynch, John Colton, Gilbert Emery, Robert E. Hopkins and Paul Hervey Fox.	The Cuban Love Song	W. S. Van Dyke
director	Abbas in Flower (Turkish: Çiçek Abbas) is a 1982 Turkish comedy film directed by Sinan Çetin.	Abbas in Flower	Sinan Çetin
director	Milaga (English: Chilli) is a 2010 Tamil action film directed by Ravi Mariya.	Milaga	Ravi Mariya
director	A Few Days with Me (original title: Quelques jours avec moi) is a 1988 French film directed by Claude Sautet.	A Few Days with Me	Claude Sautet
director	The Beast in the Heart (La bestia nel cuore / a.k.a. Don't Tell) is a 2005 film directed by Cristina Comencini, based on the novel written by herself.	The Beast in the Heart	Cristina Comencini
director	Pauvre Pierrot (aka Poor Pete) is an 1892 French short animated film directed by Charles-Émile Reynaud.	Pauvre Pierrot	Charles-Émile Reynaud
director	The Cruel Embrace (French: Les Noces barbares) is a 1987 Belgian drama film directed by Marion Hänsel.	The Cruel Embrace	Marion Hänsel
director	On with the Motley (Italian: Amleto e il suo clown) is a 1920 silent Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone.	On with the Motley	Carmine Gallone
director	The Man Who Disappeared was a 1914 American drama film serial directed by Charles Brabin.	The Man Who Disappeared	Charles Brabin
director	Kuvaputki is a multi-angle DVD by Embryoroom produced and directed by Edward Quist and co-produced by Derek Gruen aka Del Marquis, with music by Pan Sonic, the Finnish experimental electronic music duo consisting of Mika Vainio and Ilpo Väisänen.	Kuvaputki	Edward Quist
director	Leisurely Pedestrians, Open Topped Buses and Hansom Cabs with Trotting Horses is an alleged 1889 British silent black-and-white short film, shot by inventor and film pioneer William Friese-Greene on celuloid film using his 'chronophotographic' camera, which takes its name from a description of the content.	Leisurely Pedestrians, Open Topped Buses and Hansom Cabs with Trotting Horses	William Friese-Greene
director	The Lonely Voice of Man (Russian: Одинокий голос человека), also known as The Lonely Human Voice, is the first full-feature film by Alexander Sokurov.	The Lonely Voice of Man	Alexander Sokurov
director	Njësiti guerril is a 1969 Albanian action war film drama directed and written by Hysen Hakani with Muharrem Skënderi.	Njësiti guerril	Hysen Hakani
director	Familia rodante (English: Rolling Family) is a 2004 comedy drama film, written and directed by Pablo Trapero, and produced by various countries, including Argentina.	Familia rodante	Pablo Trapero
director	Embedded In Baghdad is a 2003 documentary created by Alexandre Trudeau for the CTV Television Program W-FIVE.	Embedded In Baghdad	Alexandre Trudeau
director	A Reasonable Man is a 1999 South African-French crime drama thriller produced, written, starring, and directed by Gavin Hood.	A Reasonable Man	Gavin Hood
director	This Can't Happen Here (Swedish: Sånt händer inte här) is a 1950 Swedish film directed by Ingmar Bergman.	This Can't Happen Here	Ingmar Bergman
director	Mille bolle blu (``A thousand blue bubbles'') is a 1993 Italian comedy film written and directed by Leone Pompucci.	Mille bolle blu	Leone Pompucci
director	Hour of the Star (Portuguese: A Hora da Estrela) is a Brazilian film directed by Suzana Amaral and released in 1985.	Hour of the Star	Suzana Amaral
director	Appointment with Happiness (Arabic: موعد مع السعادة‎, Maw`ed Ma` al-Sa`adah, listen ) is a 1954 Egyptian romance/drama film directed by Ezzel Dine Zulficar.	Appointment with Happiness	Ezzel Dine Zulficar
director	Tror du jeg er født i går! is a 1941 Danish family film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.	Tror du jeg er født i går!	Lau Lauritzen	Alice O'Fredericks
director	Path of Hope (Italian: Il Cammino della speranza) is a 1950 Italian language drama film directed by Pietro Germi that belongs to the Italian neorealism film movement.	Path of Hope	Pietro Germi
director	So's Your Aunt Emma is a 1942 American film directed by Jean Yarbrough.	So's Your Aunt Emma	Jean Yarbrough
director	The Million Dollar Countdown (Spanish: El gran golpe de Niza, Italian: Per favore... non sparate col cannone, also known as L'assalto al centro nucleare) is a 1967 Spanish-Italian criminal comedy film directed by Mario Caiano and starring Frank Wolff.	The Million Dollar Countdown	Mario Caiano
director	Andy Hardy's Private Secretary is a 1941 American family film comedy directed by George B. Seitz.	Andy Hardy's Private Secretary	George B. Seitz
director	Der Choral von Leuthen (The Hymn of Leuthen) was a 1933 German film depicting Frederick the Great, directed by Carl Froelich.	Der Choral von Leuthen	Carl Froelich
director	Edición extra is a 1949 Argentine film directed by Luis Moglia Barth and starring Jorge Salcedo and Silvana Roth.	Edición extra	Luis Moglia Barth
director	Le Sucre (or The Sugar) is a 1978 French crime drama thriller film directed by Jacques Rouffio.	Le Sucre	Jacques Rouffio
director	To Fly! was written by Jim Freeman, Greg MacGillivray, Tom McGrath, Francis Thompson, Robert M. Young and Arthur Zegart.	To Fly!	Greg MacGillivray
director	Passionate Summer is a 1958 British drama film directed by Rudolph Cartier and starring Virginia McKenna, Bill Travers and Yvonne Mitchell.	Passionate Summer	Rudolph Cartier
director	Sandade Sandadi (English: Fun and Fun) is a 2002 Comedy Telugu film produced by Adityaram on Adityaram Movies banner, directed by Muppalaneni Shiva.	Sandade Sandadi	Muppalaneni Shiva
director	The Meeting Place Cannot Be Changed (Russian: Место встречи изменить нельзя, translit. Mesto vstrechi izmenit nelzya) is a 1979 Soviet five-part television miniseries directed by Stanislav Govorukhin.	The Meeting Place Cannot Be Changed	Stanislav Govorukhin
director	Kinoautomat (1967) was the world's first interactive movie, conceived by Radúz Činčera for the Czechoslovak Pavilion at Expo '67 in Montreal.	Kinoautomat	Radúz Činčera
director	They Came from Beyond Space is a 1967 British Eastman Color science fiction film directed by Freddie Francis, written by Milton Subotsky and based on the book The Gods Hate Kansas by Joseph Millard.	They Came from Beyond Space	Freddie Francis
director	The Stratton Story is a 1949 film directed by Sam Wood which tells the true story of Monty Stratton, a Major League Baseball pitcher who pitched for the Chicago White Sox from 1934-1938.	The Stratton Story	Sam Wood
director	Golden Horseshoes (Arabic: صفايح ذهب‎, translit. Safa'ih min dhahab, French: Les Sabots en or) is a 1989 Tunisian drama film directed by Nouri Bouzid.	Golden Horseshoes	Nouri Bouzid
director	Sons of the Desert is a 1933 American Pre-Code film starring Laurel and Hardy, and directed by William A. Seiter.	Sons of the Desert	William A. Seiter
director	The First Time on the Grass (Italian: La prima volta sull'erba, and known in the United States as Love Under the Elms) is a 1974 Italian drama film directed by Gianluigi Calderone.	The First Time on the Grass	Gianluigi Calderone
director	The Radio King is a 1922 American adventure film serial directed by Robert F. Hill and released by the Universal Film Manufacturing Co. The ten chapters began with ``A Cry for Help'' released October 22, 1922.	The Radio King	Robert F. Hill
director	Mere Baap Pehle Aap (translation: My father, You first) is a 2008 Bollywood comedy film directed by Priyadarshan.	Mere Baap Pehle Aap	Priyadarshan
director	Disappearing In America is a 2009 character drama written by David Polcyn and Erik Rodgers and produced by String And A Can Productions in association with Damian Collier (as Damian Collier Entertainment).	Disappearing In America	Erik Rodgers
director	Hiya Diya Niya (Assamese: হিয়া দিয়া নিয়া) is an Assamese romantic movie directed by Munin Barua and produced by Pooja Motion Pictures.	Hiya Diya Niya	Munin Barua
director	Tales of Old Vienna or Carl Michael Ziehrer's Tales of Old Vienna (German:Carl Michael Ziehrers Märchen aus Alt-Wien) is a 1923 Austrian silent film directed by Wilhelm Thiele and starring Grit Haid, Frieda Kiesewetter and Hugo Thimig.	Tales of Old Vienna	Wilhelm Thiele
director	Københavnere is a 1933 Danish film directed by Lau Lauritzen Sr. and written by Lau Lauritzen Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.	Københavnere	Lau Lauritzen
director	Mera Pati Sirf Mera Hai (English: My husband is mine only) is a 1990 Bollywood, drama film produced by Nitin Kapoor on JSK Combines banner, directed by Manobala.	Mera Pati Sirf Mera Hai	Manobala
director	Escape to the Foreign Legion (German:Flucht in die Fremdenlegion) is a 1929 German silent film directed by Louis Ralph and starring Hans Stüwe, Alexander Murski and Eva von Berne.	Escape to the Foreign Legion	Louis Ralph
director	Diary of a High School Bride is a 1959 film directed by Burt Topper about a seventeen-year-old high school student who gets married.	Diary of a High School Bride	Burt Topper
director	Anything for Bread (Spanish: Todo por la pasta) is a 1991 Spanish film directed by Enrique Urbizu and written by Luis Marías.	Anything for Bread	Enrique Urbizu
director	Bobbikins is a 1959 British film in CinemaScope directed by Robert Day.	Bobbikins	Robert Day
director	Four for Venice (German: 2 Männer, 2 Frauen - 4 Probleme!?) is a 1998 comedy film directed by Vivian Naefe.	Four for Venice	Vivian Naefe
director	Villagelo Vinayakudu (English: Vinayakudu (Ganesh) in the Village) is a 2009 Telugu comedy film produced by Mahi V Raghav, written, and directed by Sai Kiran Adivi.	Villagelo Vinayakudu	Sai Kiran Adivi
director	The Ironmaster (French: Le Maître de forges) is a 1933 French drama film scripted and supervised by Abel Gance, and directed by Fernand Rivers.	The Ironmaster	Abel Gance	Fernand Rivers
director	Gaadha (English: Legend, Malayalam: ഗാഥ) is an upcoming Indian feature film to be directed by Shaji N. Karun and produced by Wahiida Productions.	Gaadha	Shaji N. Karun
director	Maami (English: My Mother) is a 2011 Nigerian drama film produced and directed by Tunde Kelani.	Maami	Tunde Kelani
director	Cats Dancing on Jupiter is a 2015 film directed by Jordan Alan and produced by Cassian Elwes, starring Amanda Righetti, Erica Taylor, Jonathan Bennett and Anneliese Van Der Pol.	Cats Dancing on Jupiter	Jordan Alan
director	Chain of Events is a 1958 British crime film directed by Gerald Thomas from a radio play by Leo McKern.	Chain of Events	Gerald Thomas
director	Tiffany Memorandum (also known as The Tiffany Memorandum) is a 1967 Eurospy film directed by Sergio Grieco.	Tiffany Memorandum	Sergio Grieco
director	Mane Belaku (Kannada: ಮನೆ ಬೆಳಕು) is a 1975 Indian Kannada film, directed by Y. R. Swamy and produced by A R S Sharma.	Mane Belaku	Y. R. Swamy
director	San Yuan Li (Chinese: 三元里; pinyin: sān yuán lǐ) is a 2003 experimental independent Chinese documentary directed and produced by artists Ou Ning and Cao Fei.	San Yuan Li	Ou Ning
director	Time Belt is a science fiction/comedy series created by Chris Tallman that ran from 2003--2004 on Channel 101.	Time Belt	Chris Tallman
director	Espionage in Lisbon (Spanish: Misión Lisboa, Italian: Da 077: intrigo a Lisbona, French: 077 intrigue à Lisbonne, also known as Mission Lisbon) is a 1965 Spanish-Italian-French Eurospy film directed by Federico Aicardi and Tulio Demicheli.	Espionage in Lisbon	Tulio Demicheli
director	Held to Answer is a 1923 American silent drama film directed by Harold M. Shaw The film is considered to be lost.	Held to Answer	Harold M. Shaw
director	Dear Caroline (French:Caroline Chérie) is a French 1951 film directed by Richard Pottier.	Dear Caroline	Richard Pottier
director	Red Sien (Dutch: Rooie Sien) is a 1975 Dutch drama film directed by Frans Weisz, produced by Rob du Mée.	Red Sien	Frans Weisz
director	Gang of Roses is a 2003 Western action drama film written and directed by Jean-Claude La Marre.	Gang of Roses	Jean-Claude La Marre
director	The Night My Number Came Up is a 1955 British supernatural drama film directed by Leslie Norman with the screenplay written by R. C. Sherriff.	The Night My Number Came Up	Leslie Norman
director	Baby Blood (titled The Evil Within in the United States) is a French horror film directed and co-written by Alain Robak.	Baby Blood	Alain Robak
director	Paduka Pattabhishekam (Telugu: పాదుకా పట్టాభిషేకం) is a 1945 Magnum Opus Telugu film directed and produced by Kadaru Nagabhushanam.	Paduka Pattabhishekam	Kadaru Nagabhushanam
director	Gates of Heaven is a 1978 documentary film by Errol Morris about the pet cemetery business.	Gates of Heaven	Errol Morris
director	Oslo, August 31st (Norwegian: Oslo, 31. august) is a 2011 Norwegian drama film directed by Joachim Trier.	Oslo, August 31st	Joachim Trier
director	Speed Walking (Danish: Kapgang) is a 2014 Danish drama film directed by Niels Arden Oplev.	Speed Walking	Niels Arden Oplev
director	Adiós, Roberto (English language: Goodbye Roberto) is a 1985 Argentine drama film based on homosexuality, directed by Enrique Dawi and written by Lito Espinosa.	Adiós, Roberto	Enrique Dawi
director	Private Duty Nurses is a 1971 film written and directed by George Armitage.	Private Duty Nurses	George Armitage
director	Barbicania is a feature-length film (90 min), by Ila Bêka & Louise Lemoine, documenting a month in the life of London's Barbican Centre and Estate.	Barbicania	Ila Bêka
director	Karka Kasadara is 2005 Tamil film written, produced and directed by R. V. Udayakumar.	Karka Kasadara	R. V. Udayakumar
director	Les Enfants du Paradis, released as Children of Paradise in North America, is a 1945 French film directed by Marcel Carné.	Children of Paradise	Marcel Carné
director	Black Fantasy is the fifth feature-length film produced and directed by American independent filmmaker Lionel Rogosin.	Black Fantasy	Lionel Rogosin
director	Art Thief Musical! is a 2004 American short musical film by Linus Lau.	Art Thief Musical!	Linus Lau
director	A Shine of Rainbows, also known as Tomás and the Rainbows, is a 2009 Irish family drama, directed and co-written by Vic Sarin, and a film adaptation of the novel A Shine of Rainbows by Lillian Beckwith.	A Shine of Rainbows	Vic Sarin
director	Meri Shadi Karao is a 2013 Hindi Bollywood comedy film directed by Syed Noor and produced by Daler Mehndi, under ``Mehndi Production'' and ``Paragon Entertainment Group'' banners.	Meri Shadi Karao	Syed Noor
director	Sarvamangala (Kannada: ಸರ್ವಮಂಗಳ) is a 1968 Indian Kannada film, directed by Chaduranga and produced by Doddammanni Urs.	Sarvamangala	Chaduranga
director	Awara Paagal Deewana (Hindi: आवारा पागल दीवाना, English: Wayward, Crazy, Insane) is a 2002 Bollywood action comedy film directed by Vikram Bhatt.	Awara Paagal Deewana	Vikram Bhatt
director	Siempre es difícil volver a casa (It's Always Hard to Return Home) is a 1992 Argentine movie directed by Jorge Polaco, who loosely adapted Antonio Dal Masetto's homonymous novel.	Siempre es difícil volver a casa	Jorge Polaco
director	Bajo Bandera is a 1997 Argentine mystery drama film directed and written by Juan José Jusid with Guillermo Saccomanno.	Bajo Bandera	Juan José Jusid
director	100 Days of Love is a 2015 Malayalam romantic comedy film written and directed by debutant Jenuse Mohamed.	100 Days of Love	Jenuse Mohamed
director	Could This Be Love? (French title: Je crois que je l'aime) is a 2007 French comedy film directed by Pierre Jolivet.	Could This Be Love?	Pierre Jolivet
director	The Olympics in Mexico (Spanish: Olimpiada en México) is a 1969 Mexican documentary film directed by Alberto Isaac.	The Olympics in Mexico	Alberto Isaac
director	A Fighting Man is a 2014 drama sport film written and directed by Damian Lee.	A Fighting Man	Damian Lee
director	A Berlin Romance (German: Eine Berliner Romanze) is a 1956 East German neo-realist romantic drama film about youth urban life in the divided city of Berlin, directed by Gerhard Klein.	A Berlin Romance	Gerhard Klein
director	Vamsa Vruksham (The genalogy tree), is a 1980 Telugu film directed by Bapu, based on S. L. Bhyrappa's novel.	Vamsa Vruksham	Bapu
director	Three Cheers for Love is a 1936 American musical film directed by Ray McCarey and written by George Marion, Jr..	Three Cheers for Love	Ray McCarey
director	Building on his film, Nobelity, Turk Pipkin continues his global journey of knowledge and action with One Peace at a Time.	One Peace at a Time	Turk Pipkin
director	Adieu Philippine (French pronunciation: ​(a.djø fɪlɪpin), ``Farewell, Philippine'') is a 1962 French film directed by Jacques Rozier.	Adieu Philippine	Jacques Rozier
director	Bangarada Gudi (Kannada: ಬಂಗಾರದ ಗುಡಿ) is a 1976 Indian Kannada film, directed by K. S. R. Das and produced by C H Prakash Rao.	Bangarada Gudi	K. S. R. Das
director	Matula ((maˈtula)) is a 1941 film from the Dutch East Indies (present-day Indonesia) which was directed by Tan Tjoei Hock and produced by The Teng Chun of Java Industrial Film.	Matula	Tan Tjoei Hock
director	Gidh is an upcoming Pakistani action/romance Urdu language film, directed by Shamoon Abbasi.	Gidh	Shamoon Abbasi
director	Should a Girl Propose? is a 1925 Australian silent film directed by P.J. Ramster set in the high society world of Sydney.	Should a Girl Propose?	P.J. Ramster
director	Dear, Dearest, Beloved, Unique... (Russian: Милый, дорогой, любимый, единственный; translit. Milyy, dorogoy, lyubimyy, edinstvennyy...) is a 1984 Soviet drama film directed by Dinara Asanova.	Dear, Dearest, Beloved, Unique...	Dinara Asanova
director	Starting over Again is a documentary directed by Ruggero Gabbai and produced by Elliot Malki.	Starting over Again	Ruggero Gabbai
director	Such aspects do indeed form the background of Zhaohuan Lu's short story ``The Twin Bracelets'' (1986) which served as the basis of the film script written by the film director, Yu-shan Huang.	Twin Bracelets	Yu-shan Huang
director	As Seen Through a Telescope (AKA: The Professor and His Field Glass) is a 1900 British short silent comedy film, directed by George Albert Smith, featuring an elderly gentleman getting a glimpse of a woman's ankle through a telescope.	As Seen Through a Telescope	George Albert Smith
director	Bout de Zan et l'embusqué (Bout de Zan and the Shirker) is a 1915 short silent film by Louis Feuillade.	Bout de Zan et l'embusqué	Louis Feuillade
director	Voodoo Academy is a Horror/Fantasy movie, released in 2000, directed by David DeCoteau.	Voodoo Academy	David DeCoteau
director	A Pizza in Jordbro (Swedish: En pizza i jordbro) is a 1994 Swedish documentary film directed by Rainer Hartleb.	A Pizza in Jordbro	Rainer Hartleb
director	Cattive ragazze (translated: Bad Girls) is 1992 film directed by Marina Ripa Di Meana.	Cattive ragazze	Marina Ripa Di Meana
director	Pretty When You Cry is 2001 erotic thriller directed by Jack N. Green.	Pretty When You Cry	Jack N. Green
director	Not a Word About Love (Kein Wort von Liebe) is a 1937 Czechoslovak romance film, directed by Miroslav Cikán and Alwin Elling.	Not a Word About Love	Miroslav Cikán
director	The Eunuch is a 1971 Hong Kong wuxia film directed by Teddy Yip, and starring Pai Ying and Lisa Chiao Chiao.	The Eunuch	Teddy Yip
director	Here Comes the Dawn (Georgian: აქ თენდება / Ak tendeba) is a 1998 Georgian film directed by Zaza Urushadze.	Here Comes the Dawn	Zaza Urushadze
director	Ursus il terrore dei Kirghisi (Ursus, Terror of the Kirghiz), internationally released as Hercules, Prisoner of Evil, is a 1964 Italian peplum film directed by Antonio Margheriti and Ruggero Deodato.	Hercules, Prisoner of Evil	Antonio Margheriti	Ruggero Deodato
director	Woh Saat Din, or Woh 7 Din, is a 1983 Hindi film directed by Bapu.	Woh Saat Din	Bapu
director	The Butterfly Lifts the Cat Up or De Vlinder Tilt de kat op is a 1994 Dutch film directed by Willeke van Ammelrooy.	The Butterfly Lifts the Cat Up	Willeke van Ammelrooy
director	Oath of Vengeance is a 1944 American western film directed by Sam Newfield.	Oath of Vengeance	Sam Newfield
director	Attahasa is a 2013 Kannada biopic film directed by A. M. R. Ramesh, based on the notorious forest brigand Veerappan.	Attahasa	A. M. R. Ramesh
director	Buniyaad (Hindi: बुनियाद; literally Foundation) is an Indian television drama-series that was directed by Ramesh Sippy and Jyoti.	Buniyaad	Ramesh Sippy
director	Konsento is a Japanese thriller film released in 2001 and directed by Shun Nakahara.	Konsento	Shun Nakahara
director	Manchu Pallaki (Telugu: మంచు పల్లకీ, English: Snow Palaqueen) is a 1982 Telugu film directed by Vamsy.	Manchu Pallaki	Vamsy
director	Firingoti (Assamese: ফিৰিঙতি) is an Assamese language film directed by Jahnu Barua.	Firingoti	Jahnu Barua
director	Just Beyond This Forest (Polish: Jeszcze tylko ten las, also known as Still Only This Forest) is a 1991 Polish war-drama film written and directed by Jan Łomnicki.	Just Beyond This Forest	Jan Łomnicki
director	Song of Dolores (Spanish: La copla de la Dolores) is a 1947 Spanish drama film directed by Benito Perojo, written by Francisco Madrid.	Song of Dolores	Benito Perojo
director	Dark Blue World (Czech: Tmavomodrý svět) is a 2001 film by Czech director Jan Svěrák, the Academy Award-winning director of Kolya, about Czech pilots who fought for the British Royal Air Force (RAF) during the Second World War.	Dark Blue World	Jan Svěrák
director	A Desperate Crime (French: Les Incendiaires), also known as Histoire d'un crime, was a 1906 French silent film directed by Georges Méliès.	A Desperate Crime	Georges Méliès
director	A Time for Defiance (Spanish: La hora de los valientes, literally The Hour of the Brave) is a 1998 Spanish war drama film directed by Antonio Mercero about the Spanish Civil War.	A Time for Defiance	Antonio Mercero
director	Futtocks End is a British comedy film released in 1970, directed by Bob Kellett.	Futtocks End	Bob Kellett
director	Ananda Bashpa (Kannada: ಆನಂದ ಭಾಷ್ಪ) is a 1963 Indian Kannada film, directed and produced by R. Nagendra Rao.	Ananda Bashpa	R. Nagendra Rao
director	Just Before I Go, previously entitled Hello I Must Be Going, is a 2014 comedy-drama film directed by Courteney Cox, in her directorial debut, from a screenplay written by David Flebotte, starring Seann William Scott, Elisha Cuthbert, Olivia Thirlby, Garret Dillahunt, and Kate Walsh.	Just Before I Go	Courteney Cox
director	Kudure Mukha (Kannada: ಕುದುರೆ ಮುಖ) is a 1978 Indian Kannada film, directed by Y. R. Swamy.	Kudure Mukha	Y. R. Swamy
director	Age Jodi Jantam Tui Hobi Por (Bengali:আগে যদি জানতাম তুই হবি পর) is a Bangladeshi romantic action film directed by Montazur Rahman Akbar and produced and distributed by Star Plus.	Age Jodi Jantam Tui Hobi Por	Montazur Rahman Akbar
director	Beethoven Lives Upstairs is a Canadian 1992 HBO Original Films TV movie produced and directed by David Devine.	Beethoven Lives Upstairs	David Devine
director	Samiran Barua Ahi Ase is an Assamese political movie based on a story by Senior Journalist Manoj Kumar Goswami and directed by Prodyut Kumar Deka and produced by Prodyut Kumar Deka & Mrinal Das under Arc Lights.	Samiran Barua Ahi Ase	Prodyut Kumar Deka
director	'From Hare to Eternity' is a 1996 Bugs Bunny and Yosemite Sam cartoon in the Looney Tunes series, directed by Chuck Jones.	From Hare to Eternity	Chuck Jones
director	The Gentleman Bushranger is a 1921 Australian film melodrama from director Beaumont Smith.	The Gentleman Bushranger	Beaumont Smith
director	Innerspace is a 1987 science fiction comedy film directed by Joe Dante and produced by Michael Finnell.	Innerspace	Joe Dante
director	The Storm Makers is a 2014 documentary film directed by Guillaume Suon about human trafficking in Cambodia.	The Storm Makers	Guillaume Suon
director	Revenge of a Crazy Girl (Italian: La vendetta di una pazza) is a 1952 Italian melodrama film written and directed by Pino Mercanti.	Revenge of a Crazy Girl	Pino Mercanti
director	La León is a 2007 Argentine drama written and directed by Santiago Otheguy.	La León	Santiago Otheguy
director	Gangsters of the Frontier (also known as Raiders of the Frontier in the United Kingdom) is a 1944 American film directed by Elmer Clifton.	Gangsters of the Frontier	Elmer Clifton
director	I Love Beijing (simplified Chinese: 夏日暖洋洋; traditional Chinese: 夏日暖樣樣; pinyin: Xiàrì nuǎnyàngyàng; literally: ``The Warmth of Summer'') is a 2000 Chinese film directed by Ning Ying.	I Love Beijing	Ning Ying
director	The Widow from Chicago is a 1930 American pre-Code crime drama film released by First National Pictures, a subsidiary of Warner Bros. and directed by Edward F. Cline.	The Widow from Chicago	Edward F. Cline
director	Pearls Bring Tears is a 1937 British comedy drama film directed by Manning Haynes and starring John Stuart, Dorothy Boyd and Googie Withers.	Pearls Bring Tears	Manning Haynes
director	The Legend of Hallowdega is a 2010 black comedy fantasy mockumentary short film, directed by Terry Gilliam from a screenplay by Aaron Bergeron.	The Legend of Hallowdega	Terry Gilliam
director	È pericoloso sporgersi is a 1984 Belgian short film written and directed by Jaco Van Dormael.	È pericoloso sporgersi	Jaco Van Dormael
director	A Driver for Vera (Russian: Водитель для Веры, Voditel dlya Very) is a Ukrainian-Russian co-produced psychological drama film from 2004, set in 1962 Sevastopol, Ukraine, directed and written by Russian Pavel Chukhrai.	A Driver for Vera	Pavel Chukhrai
director	Real Genius is a 1985 science fiction comedy film directed by Martha Coolidge.	Real Genius	Martha Coolidge
director	Bye, See You Monday (French: Au revoir... à lundi) is a 1979 French-Canadian drama film directed by Maurice Dugowson.	Bye, See You Monday	Maurice Dugowson
director	Hahamishia Hakamerit (Hebrew: החמישייה הקאמרית‎) was a weekly Israeli satirical sketch comedy television program created by Asaf Tzipor, who was also the main writer of the show, and Eitan Tzur, who directed the entire run of the show.	Hahamishia Hakamerit	Eitan Tzur
director	The Man in the Sombrero is a 1916 American silent short romantic drama written and directed by Tom Ricketts.	The Man in the Sombrero	Tom Ricketts
director	Luponini from Chicago (Spanish:Luponini de Chicago) is a 1935 Mexican comedy crime film directed by and starring José Bohr.	Luponini from Chicago	José Bohr
director	Marmayogi (English: The Mysterious Sage) is a 1951 Indian Tamil fantasy film directed by K. Ramnoth and produced by M. Somasundaram under his banner Jupiter Studios.	Marmayogi	K. Ramnoth
director	Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging is a 2008 British coming-of-age film co-written and directed by Gurinder Chadha.	Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging	Gurinder Chadha
director	His Excellency, The Shop Assistant (Polish: ''Jego ekscelencja subiekt'') is a 1933 Polish romantic comedy film directed by Michał Waszyński.	His Excellency, The Shop Assistant	Michał Waszyński
director	The Woman Tempted is a 1926 British silent drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Juliette Compton, Warwick Ward and Nina Vanna.	The Woman Tempted	Maurice Elvey
director	Dyden går amok is a Danish 1966 film written and directed by Sven Methling.	Dyden går amok	Sven Methling
director	For My Daughter's Honor, also released as Indecent Seduction, is a 1996 American television film directed by Alan Metzger.	For My Daughter's Honor	Alan Metzger
director	Let's Be Fashionable is a 1920 American comedy silent film directed by Lloyd Ingraham and written by Mildred Considine and Luther Reed.	Let's Be Fashionable	Lloyd Ingraham
director	Eye Myth is an experimental short film by Stan Brakhage, produced in 1967.	Eye Myth	Stan Brakhage
director	The Giant Spider Invasion is a low-budget 1975 film produced by Transcentury Pictures, a partnership owned by the film's director Bill Rebane.	The Giant Spider Invasion	Bill Rebane
director	Mi Vida Loca (also known as My Crazy Life) is a 1994 American drama film directed and written by Allison Anders.	Mi Vida Loca	Allison Anders
director	Lentera Merah (English translation: Red Lantern) is a 2006 Indonesian horror film directed by Hanung Bramantyo.	Lentera Merah	Hanung Bramantyo
director	A Friend to Die For (also known as Death of a Cheerleader in the UK and during Lifetime television airings) is a 1994 American TV movie directed by William A. Graham.	A Friend to Die For	William A. Graham
director	What Price Innocence? is a 1933 American Pre-Code drama film written and directed by, and co-starring, Willard Mack.	What Price Innocence?	Willard Mack
director	Gilly poprvé v Praze is a 1920 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Karel Lamač.	Gilly poprvé v Praze	Karel Lamač
director	Até que a Sorte nos Separe 2 (English: Till Luck Do Us Part 2) is a 2013 Brazilian comedy film, directed by Roberto Santucci and written by Paulo Cursino and Chico Soares.	Até que a Sorte nos Separe 2	Roberto Santucci
director	The Red Countess (Hungarian: A vörös grófnő) is a 1985 Hungarian drama film directed by András Kovács.	The Red Countess	András Kovács
director	Io con te non ci sto più (also known as I'm Not Living With You Anymore, Enough Is Enough, Happy End and I'm Not Staying With You Anymore) is a 1983 Italian romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Gianni Amico and starring Monica Guerritore and Victor Cavallo.	Io con te non ci sto più	Gianni Amico
director	In Like Flint (1967) is a film directed by Gordon Douglas, the sequel to the parody spy film Our Man Flint (1966).	In Like Flint	Gordon Douglas
director	Love and Co (Portuguese: Amor & Cia) is a 1998 Brazilian-Portuguese comedy-drama film directed by Helvécio Ratton.	Love and Co	Helvécio Ratton
director	Bugs' Bonnets is a 1956 Merrie Melodies cartoon, directed by Chuck Jones, written by Tedd Pierce, and released by Warner Bros. Pictures.	Bugs' Bonnets	Chuck Jones
director	Texas to Bataan is a 1942 American film directed by Robert Emmett Tansey featuring the Range Busters.	Texas to Bataan	Robert Emmett Tansey
director	Mama's Affair is a 1921 silent film by Victor Fleming, based on the play of the same title by Rachel Barton Butler.	Mama's Affair	Victor Fleming
director	Sundar Bou (Bengali: সুন্দর বউ) is a 1999 Bengali film directed by Sujit Guha.	Sundar Bou	Sujit Guha
director	Proxy Husband is a 1919 American silent short film directed by and starring William Garwood.	Proxy Husband	William Garwood
director	Tunnel 18 (Persian: تونل 18‎) is a 1997 Iranian Historical drama film written and directed by Hossein Shahabi (Persian: حسین شهابی)	Tunnel 18	Hossein Shahabi
director	Like Mom, Like Me is a 1978 television film directed by Michael Pressman.	Like Mom, Like Me	Michael Pressman
director	Swapnabhumi (The Promised Land) is a 2007 Bangladeshi documentary film by filmmaker, Tanvir Mokammel.	Swapnabhumi	Tanvir Mokammel
director	Week Ends Only is a 1932 American Pre-Code film made by Fox Film Corporation, directed by Alan Crosland, and starring by Joan Bennett, Ben Lyon and John Halliday.	Week Ends Only	Alan Crosland
director	Aaj Ka Robin Hood (Traslation:The Return of Robin Hood) is a 1988 adventure-drama Indian Hindi film directed and produced by Tapan Sinha.	Aaj Ka Robin Hood	Tapan Sinha
director	A Woman from the Street (Spanish: Una Mujer de la calle) is a 1939 Argentine drama film directed by Luis Moglia Barth.	A Woman from the Street	Luis Moglia Barth
director	Hello Moscow! (Russian: Zdravstvuy, Moskva!, Russian: Здравствуй, Москва!) is a 1945 Soviet musical film directed by Sergei Yutkevich.	Hello Moscow!	Sergei Yutkevich
director	Tanda Putera (English: Mark of Prince) is a 2013 Malaysian history film directed by Shuhaimi Baba.	Tanda Putera	Shuhaimi Baba
director	Der Weg nach oben (The Way Up; Chronicle Of The Rise) is an East German political and economic documentary film directed by Andrew Thorndike.	Der Weg nach oben	Andrew Thorndike
director	Superman Returns is a 2006 American superhero film directed and produced by Bryan Singer.	Superman Returns	Bryan Singer
director	Oru Pennum Randaanum (Translation: A Woman and Two Men; Malayalam: ഒരു പെണ്ണും രണ്ടാണും) is a 2008 Malayalam feature film written and directed by Adoor Gopalakrishnan.	Oru Pennum Randaanum	Adoor Gopalakrishnan
director	Kumara Sambhavam is a 1969 Indian Malayalam and Tamil film (bilingual), directed and produced by P. Subramaniam .	Kumara Sambhavam	P. Subramaniam
director	Allan Quatermain and the Lost City of Gold is an adventure comedy film directed by Gary Nelson and released on January 30, 1987 in the United States.	Allan Quatermain and the Lost City of Gold	Gary Nelson
director	The Christmas Blessing is a 2005 television film directed by Karen Arthur.	The Christmas Blessing	Karen Arthur
director	Suicide Mission to Singapore (Italian: Goldsnake Anonima Killers, Spanish: Singapur hora cero, French: Mission suicide à Singapour, also known as Goldsnake) is a 1966 Italian-Spanish-French Eurospy film written and directed by Ferdinando Baldi.	Suicide Mission to Singapore	Ferdinando Baldi
dissolved or abolished	American Stores Company was an American public corporation and a holding company which ran chains of supermarkets and drugstores in the United States from 1917 through 1999.	American Stores	1999
educated at	Eric Haines earned an M.S. in 1986 from Cornell University (thesis: The Light Buffer: A Ray Tracer Shadow Testing Accelerator; an image created by software based on the thesis was used on the September 1986 cover of the IEEE Computer Graphics and Applications journal).	Eric Haines	Cornell University
employer	Arnold L. Rheingold (born October 6, 1940) is an American chemist and Professor of Chemistry at the University of California, San Diego.	Arnold L. Rheingold	University of California, San Diego
father	John II of Luxembourg, Count of Ligny (1392--5 January 1441, Guise) was a French nobleman and soldier, a younger son of John of Luxembourg, Lord of Beauvoir and Marguerite of Enghien.	John II of Luxembourg, Count of Ligny	John of Luxembourg, Lord of Beauvoir
father	Simon Henig was born in June 1969, the son of the former Labour MP and Lancaster council leader Stanley Henig, and the historian Ruth Henig.	Simon Henig	Stanley Henig
father	Savabeel, foaled on 23 September 2001, is a brown horse sired by champion New Zealand sire Zabeel out of the multiple Group 1 winner Savannah Success.	Savabeel	Zabeel
father	Witte van Haemstede (1280/1282--1321) was a bastard son of Floris V, Count of Holland.	Witte van Haemstede	Floris V, Count of Holland
father	I'll Have Another is a chestnut horse sired by the Travers Stakes winner Flower Alley.	I'll Have Another	Flower Alley
father	Berthar or Bertachar was a son of Bisinus and Basina.	Bertachar	Bisinus
father	David Teniers the Younger (15 December 1610 -- 25 April 1690) was a Flemish artist born in Antwerp, the son of David Teniers the Elder.	David Teniers the Younger	David Teniers the Elder
father	Pinedjem I was the High Priest of Amun at Thebes in Ancient Egypt from 1070 BC to 1032 BC and the de facto ruler of the south of the country from 1054 BC. He was the son of the High Priest Piankh.	Pinedjem I	Piankh
father	Distorted Humor's sire is Forty Niner, 1987's Eclipse Award winning Outstanding Two-Year-Old Male Horse by the champion sire, Mr. Prospector.	Distorted Humor	Forty Niner
father	Lukman Sardi (born July 14, 1971) is an Indonesian actor, and the son of violinist Idris Sardi.	Lukman Sardi	Idris Sardi
father	Brokers Tip (1930--1953), by Black Toney out of the French mare Forteresse, was a Thoroughbred racehorse and the only horse in history whose sole win was in the Kentucky Derby.	Brokers Tip	Black Toney
father	Rolf Landsberg was the elder of two sons born to the architect Max Landsberg and his wife, the doctor Hedwig Landsberg.	Rolf Landsberg	Max Landsberg
father	It is not clear whether Ulaghchi was the son or the younger brother of Sartaq Khan.	Ulaghchi	Sartaq Khan
father	Sired by Medicean, out of Hill Hopper (Danehill) and owned by Cheveley Park, Nannina was a group one British thoroughbred racehorse trained by John Gosden.	Nannina	Medicean
father	Secreto was a small bay horse with three white socks sired by Northern Dancer.	Secreto	Northern Dancer
father	Guglielmo della Scala (English: William; died 1404) was the son of Cangrande II della Scala.	Guglielmo della Scala	Cangrande II della Scala
father	Agis III (Greek: Ἄγις) was the eldest son of Archidamus III, and the 21st Eurypontid king of Sparta.	Agis III	Archidamus III
father	Mary, Princess Royal and Countess of Harewood (Victoria Alexandra Alice Mary; 25 April 1897 -- 28 March 1965) was a member of the British Royal Family; she was the third child and only daughter of King George V and Queen Mary.	Mary, Princess Royal and Countess of Harewood	George V
father	Sibylla of Lusignan (or Sibylle de Lusignan) (October/November 1198 -- c. 1230 or 1252) was the daughter of Amalric II of Jerusalem and Isabella of Jerusalem.	Sibylla of Lusignan	Amalric II of Jerusalem
father	Phoebus of Lusignan (d. Rome, after July, 1485) (also called Febo or Febos in Portuguese) was a titular Marshal of Armenia and also titular Lord of Sidon, the illegitimate son of Peter of Lusignan, titular Count of Tripoli.	Phoebus of Lusignan	Peter of Lusignan
father	Lord Thomas Howard (1511 -- 31 October 1537), courtier, was a younger son of Thomas Howard, 2nd Duke of Norfolk by his second marriage to Agnes Tilney.	Lord Thomas Howard	Thomas Howard, 2nd Duke of Norfolk
father	Charles Stewart, 3rd Duke of Richmond, 6th Duke of Lennox KG (7 March 1639 -- December 1672) was the only son of George Stewart, 9th Seigneur d'Aubigny and Katherine Howard, daughter of Theophilus Howard, 2nd Earl of Suffolk.	Charles Stewart, 3rd Duke of Richmond	George Stewart, 9th Seigneur d'Aubigny
father	Cyaxares (Old Persian: Uvaxštra, Greek: Κυαξάρης; r. 625--585 BC), the son of King Phraortes, and according to Herodotus was the third and most capable king of Media.	Cyaxares	Phraortes
father	Paul Marie Bonaparte was the third child of Lucien Bonaparte and Aleksandryna de Bleschamp-Bonaparte.	Paul Marie Bonaparte	Lucien Bonaparte
father	Hazarmaveth (Arabic: حضر موت) is the third of thirteen sons of Joktan, who was a son of Eber, son of Shem in the table of the Sons of Noah in Genesis chapter 10 and 1 Chronicles chapter 1 in the Bible.	Hazarmaveth	Joktan
father	Mary Benedict Cushing was the eldest daughter of Harvey Williams Cushing and Katharine Stone Crowell.	Mary Benedict Cushing	Harvey Williams Cushing
father	Charlotte Lee, Countess of Lichfield (5 September 1664 -- 17 February 1718), formerly Lady Charlotte Fitzroy, was the illegitimate daughter of King Charles II of England by one of his best known mistresses, Barbara Villiers, 1st Duchess of Cleveland	Charlotte Lee, Countess of Lichfield	Charles II of England
father	Gao Yanzong was the fifth son of Gao Cheng, who was the heir of Eastern Wei's paramount general Gao Huan, and who took over the regency of Eastern Wei after Gao Huan's death in 547.	Gao Yanzong	Gao Cheng
father	Kerstin Anér was born in Stockholm; her parents were the business executive Josef Anér and Gunvor Anér, née Löfvendahl.	Kerstin Anér	Josef Anér
father	Madoc, also spelled Madog, ab Owain Gwynedd was, according to folklore, a Welsh prince who sailed to America in 1170, over three hundred years before Christopher Columbus's voyage in 1492.	Madoc	Owain Gwynedd
father	Heinrich Koenen was born in the Konigsberg district of Berlin, the son of Communist Reichstag deputy Wilhelm Koenen.	Heinrich Koenen	Wilhelm Koenen
father	Constantine Akropolites or Acropolites (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Ἀκροπολίτης, Konstantinos Akropolitês), son of the scholar and statesman George Akropolites, was a minister of the Byzantine emperor Michael VIII Palaiologos, until the Emperor dismissed him for his opposition to the union of churches created by the Second Council of Lyon (1272).	Constantine Akropolites	George Akropolites
father	Saint Mildgyth (or Mildgytha) (Old English: Mildgȳð) (died 676) was the youngest daughter of Merewalh, king of Mercia and Saint Eormenburh.	Mildgyth	Merewalh
father	Bred and raced by Mark Hardin's and the Schwab families' Newstead Farm of Upperville, Virginia, Miss Oceana was sired by U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee Alydar.	Miss Oceana	Alydar
father	Nico van der Laan (17 April 1908--18 September 1986) was a Dutch architect, as were his father Leo van der Laan and his brothers Jan and Hans, with whom he was closely associated.	Nico van der Laan	Leo van der Laan
father	Bred by Gardiner Farms in Caledon, Ontario, Runaway Groom was sired by the prominent Nearco descendant Blushing Groom out of the mare Yonnie Girl.	Runaway Groom	Blushing Groom
father	Beatrice of Naples (16 November 1457 -- 23 September 1508), also known as Beatrice of Aragon (Hungarian: Aragóniai Beatrix; Italian: Beatrice d'Aragona), was the daughter of Ferdinand I of Naples and Isabella of Clermont.	Beatrice of Naples	Ferdinand I of Naples
father	Grafton Howland Pyne (b. August 11, 1890), Herbert Rivington Pyne (b. January 16, 1892), Mary Percy Pyne (b. November 27, 1893), Percy Rivington Pyne III (b. November 9, 1896), and Meredith Howland Pyne (b. October 5, 1898).	Percy Rivington Pyne II	Percy Pyne
father	Wolf Rüdiger Hess (Heß in German; 18 November 1937 -- 24 October 2001, aged 63) was the son of Rudolf Hess.	Wolf Rüdiger Hess	Rudolf Hess
father	Maria Theresa of Naples and Sicily (6 June 1772 -- 13 April 1807) was the eldest daughter of Ferdinand IV & III of Naples and Sicily (later Ferdinand I of the Two Sicilies) (1751--1825) and his wife, Marie Caroline of Austria (1752--1814).	Maria Theresa of Naples and Sicily	Ferdinand I of the Two Sicilies
father	Aditya Mittal, born in 1976, is a CFO, responsible for Flat Americas, Mergers and Acquisitions (M&A), Investor Relations, Strategy and Communications of the world's largest steel firm ArcelorMittal, which is controlled by his father Lakshmi Mittal, who was ranked 21st in the 2012 Forbes list of billionaires.	Aditya Mittal	Lakshmi Mittal
father	George Carey, 2nd Baron Hunsdon KG (1547 -- 9 September 1603) was the eldest son of Henry Carey, 1st Baron Hunsdon and Anne Morgan.	George Carey, 2nd Baron Hunsdon	Henry Carey, 1st Baron Hunsdon
father	Thomas Fauconberg or Thomas Neville, sometimes called Thomas the Bastard, or the Bastard of Fauconberg (1429 -- 22 September 1471), was the natural son of Sir William Neville, 1st Earl of Kent who fought with distinction and valour during the Hundred Years' War alongside Lord Talbot and others.	Thomas Neville	William Neville, 1st Earl of Kent
father	A Maronite Christian, the younger son of former President Camille Chamoun and brother of Dory Chamoun, Dany Chamoun was also a politician in his own right, and was known for his opposition to the occupation of Lebanese territory by foreign forces, whether Syrian or Israeli.	Dany Chamoun	Camille Chamoun
father	When she was bred to Blushing Groom (a French stallion by Red God out of Runaway Bride), Maplejinsky produced Sky Beauty.	Sky Beauty	Blushing Groom
father	Louis Charles de La Trémoille (26 October 1838 -- 4 July 1911), 9th duc de Thouars, was a French nobleman and the son of Charles Bretagne Marie de La Trémoille and his third wife, Valentine Eugénie Joséphine Walsh de Serrant.	Louis Charles de La Trémoille	Charles Bretagne Marie de La Trémoille
father	Menendo González was probably the eldest son and successor of Gonzalo Menéndez and his wife Ilduara Peláez.	Menendo González	Gonzalo Menéndez
father	Jakub Szydłowiecki was son (probably fourth) of Stanisław Szydłowiecki and his first wife Barbara ze Starosiedlic i Orońska.	Jakub Szydłowiecki	Stanisław Szydłowiecki
father	Jack Sealy is the son of former Queen's Park Rangers and Eastern player Tony Sealy.	Jack Sealy	Tony Sealy
father	Zhang Chonghua was born in 327, three years after his father Zhang Jun had become the ruler of Former Liang, as his second son.	Zhang Chonghua	Zhang Jun
father	Juan María Bordaberry's father was Domingo Bordaberry, who served in the Senate and in Ruralist leadership, and he was the heir to one of the largest ranches in the country.	Juan María Bordaberry	Domingo Bordaberry
father	Jan Brueghel the Younger (Dutch: (ˈjɑn ˈbrøːɣəl); 13 September 1601 -- 1 September 1678) was a Flemish Baroque painter, and the son of Jan Brueghel the Elder.	Jan Brueghel the Younger	Jan Brueghel the Elder
father	Geoffrey Keynes was the son of John Neville Keynes, an economics lecturer at the University of Cambridge and Florence Ada Brown, a successful author and a social reformer.	Geoffrey Keynes	John Neville Keynes
father	Zhao Xing was the second son of King Zhao Yingqi, and his mother was a Han Chinese woman called Jiushi (樛氏).	Zhao Xing	Zhao Yingqi
father	Sir Thomas Berkeley (11 July 1575 -- 22 November 1611) was the son and heir apparent of Henry Berkeley, 7th Baron Berkeley, and a Member of Parliament for Gloucestershire from 1604 until 1611.	Thomas Berkeley	Henry Berkeley, 7th Baron Berkeley
father	Born in Stockholm, Mårten Eskil Winge was the son of the rector and vicar Isaac Martin Winge and Andrietta Sophia Rothman.	Mårten Eskil Winge	Isaac Martin Winge
father	Verena Wagner Lafferentz (born 2 December 1920) is the fourth child and youngest daughter of Winifred and Siegfried Wagner and the granddaughter of German composer Richard Wagner.	Verena Wagner Lafferentz	Siegfried Wagner
father	She Be Wild was sired by Offlee Wild, who was sired by Wild Again.	She Be Wild	Offlee Wild
father	Rebbetzin Menucha Rochel Slonim (1798--1888) was a daughter of Rabbi Dovber Schneuri, the second Rebbe of the Chabad Hasidic dynasty.	Menucha Rochel Slonim	Dovber Schneuri
father	John FitzAlan, 2nd Baron Arundel, 2nd Baron Maltravers jure matris, also called John de Arundel (30 November 1364 -- 14 August 1390), of Buckland, Surrey, was the son of John FitzAlan, 1st Baron Arundel and Eleanor Maltravers.	John FitzAlan, 2nd Baron Arundel	John FitzAlan, 1st Baron Arundel
father	Goldikova was bred by Alain and Gérard Wertheimer and sired by July Cup winner Anabaa.	Goldikova	Anabaa
founder	EuroChem is 92% owned by Andrey Melnichenko, who ranks 56th in the Forbes world billionaires list (6th wealthiest in Russia) with his personal wealth of US$ 14.4bn as of 2013.	EuroChem	Andrey Melnichenko
headquarters location	CuteCircuit is a fashion company based in London founded in 2004 by Ryan Genz and Francesca Rosella.	CuteCircuit	London
inception	Medrek (officially the ``Forum for Democratic Dialogue in Ethiopia'') is an Ethiopian opposition political coalition founded in 2008 which contested the Ethiopian general election, 2010.	Medrek	2008
inception	Little Birdy are an Australian indie rock band formed in Perth, Western Australia in 2002 by singer and guitarist Katy Steele, drummer Matt Chequer, guitarist and keyboardist Simon Leach, and bass guitarist Scott O'Donoghue.	Little Birdy	2002
inception	3X Krazy was an American hip hop group formed in Oakland, California in 1994.	3X Krazy	1994
inception	Julian Drive are an American contemporary Christian music and Christian alternative rock band from Athens, Georgia, and they were formed in 2004.	Julian Drive	2004
inception	MoCADA was founded in 1999 by Laurie Cumbo in a building owned by the historical Bridge Street AWME Church in the heart of the Bedford-Stuyvesant community in Brooklyn, New York.	MoCADA	1999
inception	Ring of Honor (ROH) is an American professional wrestling promotion, founded in 2002 by RF Video owner Rob Feinstein.	Ring of Honor	2002
inception	The company was founded in 1826 as a partnership between members of the Pilkington and Greenall families, based in St Helens, Lancashire.	Pilkington	1826
inception	Since its founding in 1985, Action Target has increased its inventory to include over 4,000 products.	Action Target	1985
inception	Tenhults IBK was a floorball club in Tenhult, Sweden, established 1988.	Tenhults IBK	1988
inception	Three federal agencies and 700 volunteers launched the first National Public Lands Day in 1994.	National Public Lands Day	1994
inception	Kennedy-Kenrick Catholic High School was established through a merger of Archbishop Kennedy High School in Conshohocken and Bishop Kenrick High School in Norristown, and opened in September 1993.	Kennedy-Kenrick Catholic High School	1993
inception	University Senior College opened its doors in 2002, designed to provide secondary education suited to senior high school students intending to move on to study at university;	University Senior College	2002
inception	The Haunted is a Swedish heavy metal supergroup from Gothenburg, formed in 1996.	The Haunted	1996
inception	Rainforest Films was a film production company founded in 1994 by Rob Hardy and Will Packer that produced films geared towards African-Americans.	Rainforest Films	1994
inception	WGAC-FM signed on in November 1992 as an alternative rock outlet named ``Channel Z 95.1'', giving the area its first station playing that type of music.	WGAC-FM	1992
inception	Necessary Records is a record label based in the UK, founded by Warren Clarke, a former A&R executive at London Records and Edel, in 2003.	Necessary Records	2003
inception	Berkley Books is an imprint of Penguin Group (USA) that began as an independent company in 1955.	Berkley Books	1955
inception	RTL II started broadcasting on 6 March 1993 at 6:09 a.m. with the movie Ein reizender Fratz.	RTL II	1993
inception	In 1996, the American Association of Colleges of Nursing (AACN), as the national advocacy organization for America's baccalaureate and higher-degree nursing education programs, created the autonomous accrediting arm of the organization, the Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education (CCNE).	Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education	1996
inception	Grooby Productions is a company founded in 1996 and based in Los Angeles, CA, producing transgender online adult entertainment.	Grooby Productions	1996
inception	Flyvista began operations on 5 August 2014.	Flyvista	2014
inception	Beijing Social and Economic Research Institute was the first independent political think tank in China, which was created in 1986 by members of the Beijing Spring group, in an aftermath of the Democracy Wall events of 1978-79.	Beijing Social and Economic Research Institute	1986
inception	The Federal University of Agriculture, Abeokuta, Ogun State, or FUNAAB, (FUNAAB) was established on 1 January 1988 by the Federal Government when four universities of technology, earlier merged in 1984, were demerged.	Federal University of Agriculture, Abeokuta	1988
inception	The David Gemmell Legend Awards were established in memory of David Gemmell and first awarded in 2009.	David Gemmell Legend Awards	2009
inception	The Sonoma County Water Agency was created as a special district in 1949 by the California Legislature to provide flood protection and water supply services.	Sonoma County Water Agency	1949
inception	In 1999, Nexol, Inc. (now Celltrion Healthcare Co., Ltd.) a global business management consulting firm founded.	Celltrion Healthcare	1999
inception	Established in 2010, the Crime City Rollers comprises one home team and two traveling teams representing the league in competition with other leagues.	Crime City Rollers	2010
inception	In 1840, the province of Holland was split into the two provinces of North Holland and South Holland.	North Holland	1840
inception	Founded in 1987, Nando's operates about 1,000 outlets in 30 countries.	Nando's	1987
inception	Deeds of Flesh is a four-piece death metal band from Los Osos, California, U.S. They were formed in 1993 by Jacoby Kingston, Erik Lindmark ( Born 1973 ) and Joey Heaslet and are still active.	Deeds of Flesh	1993
inception	Northern Flowers was a Russian language literary almanac published yearly in Saint Petersburg from 1825 to 1832.	Northern Flowers	1825
inception	The Institute for Anarchist Studies (IAS) is a non-profit organization founded by Chuck W. Morse in 1996, following the anarchist-communist school of thought, to assist anarchist writers and further develop the theoretical aspects of the anarchist movement.	Institute for Anarchist Studies	1996
inception	The company was established as Norsk Hydro -- the world's first producer of mineral nitrogen fertilizers -- in 1905 and demerged as Yara International ASA on March 25, 2004.	Yara International	2004
inception	Founded in 1965 as the Nagarjuna Sagar Engineering College, it was established as a university in 1972 by The Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Act, 1972, also combining colleges in Kakinada and Anantapur.	Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University	1965
inception	The Greater Manchester University Technical College (formally Greater Manchester Sustainable Engineering University Technical College) is a University Technical College that opened in September 2014 in Oldham, Greater Manchester, United Kingdom.	Greater Manchester University Technical College	2014
inception	Haïti Trans Air was an airline based in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, which was operational from 1986 to 1995.	Haïti Trans Air	1986
inception	Coming from a background of alpine ski racing, Richard D. Hunter founded ProSlide Technology Inc. in 1986.	ProSlide Technology	1986
inception	Viva Air, whose complete name in Spanish was Vuelos Internacionales de Vacaciones (International Vacation Flights,) was founded on 24 February 1988 by Iberia and Lufthansa.	Viva Air	1988
inception	Originally formed to develop radio frequency identification technologies, HID Global was formed in 1991 as Hughes Identification Devices, a subsidiary of Hughes Aircraft Company with offices in California and Scotland.	HID Global	1991
inception	The Walters Art Museum, located in Mount Vernon-Belvedere, Baltimore, Maryland, is a public art museum founded and opened in 1934, with collections created during the mid-19th Century.	Walters Art Museum	1934
inception	Opened in 1979 as Saddleback College North Campus, Irvine Valley College received its current name and independent status in July 1985.	Irvine Valley College	1985
inception	Society for Laboratory Automation and Screening (SLAS) was formed in 2010 as a merger between the Association for Laboratory Automation and the Society for Biomolecular Sciences.	Society for Laboratory Automation and Screening	2010
inception	Portland Hotel Society (PHS) is a Canadian non-profit society created in 1993 to provide advocacy, housing, services, and opportunities, for the marginalized citizens of Vancouver's Downtown Eastside.	Portland Hotel Society	1993
inception	Austin Lightning was an American soccer team, founded in 2002, originally with the name Lafayette Lightning.	Austin Lightning	2002
inception	Couch Fort Records was a Chicago based record label founded in 2002 that released electronic music compilations.	Couch Fort Records	2002
inception	Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Adilabad was created by Pope John Paul II on July 23, 1999.	Syro-Malabar Catholic Eparchy of Adilabad	1999
inception	Gap Dream is an American psychedelic synthpop band founded by Gabe Fulvimar in 2012 in Fullerton, California.	Gap Dream	2012
inception	TV Puls is a Polish commercial television channel, which was based on Telewizja Niepokalanów with the support of companies such as PKN Orlen, KGHM Polska Miedź, PZU Życie, Prokom and which started broadcasting in March 2001.	TV Puls	2001
inception	Empty Stares was an alternative rock band from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, U.S. that was formed in 1992 and ended in 1997.	Empty Stares	1992
inception	The University of Cyprus (UCY; Greek: Πανεπιστήμιο Κύπρου, Turkish: Kıbrıs Üniversitesi) is a public coeducational university established by the Republic of Cyprus in 1989.	University of Cyprus	1989
inception	Designed by local architects Cornelius Sherlock and H. H. Vale, the Walker Art Gallery was opened on 6 September 1877 by Edward Henry Stanley, 15th Earl of Derby.	Walker Art Gallery	1877
inception	The FC Penzberg was formed on 14 March 1920 but was actually a continuation of the local gymnastics clubs football department which had existed before the First World War.	FC Penzberg	1920
inception	Toonzai was a Saturday morning cartoon block that aired on The CW from May 24, 2008 to August 18, 2012.	Toonzai	2008
inception	The Aspen Institute is an international nonprofit organization founded in 1950 as the Aspen Institute of Humanistic Studies.	Aspen Institute	1950
inception	Shanti Bhavan was established in August 1997 as a project of The George Foundation to help economically and socially disadvantaged children, mostly Dalit children, in rural India, specifically in the Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, and Karnataka areas.	Shanti Bhavan	1997
inception	Sanzaru Games is an American video game development company founded in 2007 in California.	Sanzaru Games	2007
inception	Formed in 1975 as Kayseri Emniyetspor (Real Kayserispor was founded in 1966 became Kayseri Erciyesspor in 2004), Kayserispor are nicknamed Anadolu Yıldızı (The Star of Anatolia).	Kayserispor	1966
inception	Founded by Mike Miller, The Alaska Wildlife Conservation Center opened in 1993 as the for-profit Big Game Alaska.	Alaska Wildlife Conservation Center	1993
inception	The Cincinnati Kings Indoor Team was an American arena soccer team founded in 2008.	Cincinnati Kings Indoor Team	2008
inception	It operated as Calljet, then Ourjet, then Bookajet from 2003 until it was rebranded as Club 328 in 2004.	Club 328	2004
inception	It was founded in Eindhoven in 1891 by Gerard Philips and his father Frederik.	Philips	1891
inception	The Wildlife Protection Society of India (WPSI) was founded in 1994 by Belinda Wright, its Executive Director, who was an award-winning wildlife photographer and filmmaker till she took up the cause of conservation.	Wildlife Protection Society of India	1994
inception	The Inquisition Tribunal, also known as The Court of the Inquisition or The Inquisition Scene (Spanish: Escena de Inquisición ), is an 18x29 inch oil-on-panel painting produced by the Spanish artist Francisco Goya between 1812 and 1819.	The Inquisition Tribunal	1812
inception	Tom and Lyn Richards went on to form QSR International in 1995.	QSR International	1995
inception	Oslo Børs Holding ASA was the holding company that owned Oslo Stock Exchange of Norway from 2001 to 2008.	Oslo Børs Holding	2001
inception	CFH Racing was an American auto racing team that competed in the IndyCar Series The team was founded in August 2014 via a merger between Sarah Fisher Hartman Racing and Ed Carpenter Racing, and debuted in 2015.	CFH Racing	2014
inception	The initial frame for Jaaga was erected in August 2009.	Jaaga	2009
inception	Ideapod is a social media platform founded in 2013.	Ideapod	2013
inception	The Colorado Midland Railway (reporting mark CM), incorporated in 1883, was the first standard gauge railroad built over the Continental Divide in Colorado.	Colorado Midland Railway	1883
inception	The Western Climate Initiative, or WCI, was started in February 2007 by the governors of five western U.S. states (AZ, CA, NM, OR, and WA) with the goal of developing a multi-sector, market-based program to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.	Western Climate Initiative	February 2007
inception	Founded in 1897, Bradley University currently enrolls 5,700 students.	Bradley University	1897
inception	The Tehran Stock Exchange (TSE) (Persian: بورس اوراق بهادار تهران‎‎) is Iran's largest stock exchange, which first opened in 1967.	Tehran Stock Exchange	1967
inception	Coronatus is a German Symphonic metal band, formed in Ludwigsburg, Germany in 1999.	Coronatus	1999
inception	North America Western Asia Holdings, (NAWAH) is an investment firm founded in 2011.	North America Western Asia Holdings	2011
inception	Mail Boxes Etc., Inc. was founded in 1980 in the United States, and grew to be the world's largest franchisor of retail shipping, postal and business service centers.	Mail Boxes Etc.	1980
inception	Funeral Diner (1998--2007) was a screamo band from Half Moon Bay, California, located near San Francisco, playing self-described ``screamy, chaotic, melodic hardcore.''	Funeral Diner	1998
inception	The Alberta Railway Museum opened in 1976 in a historic spot, on the former Canadian Northern Railway Coronado Subdivision.	Alberta Railway Museum	1976
inception	Imperial Innovations was founded in 1986 as a department of Imperial College London, later becoming a wholly owned subsidiary of the College.	Imperial Innovations	1986
inception	Sei-Sociedade de Educação Integral, known as Colégio Integral, has been in the city of Curitiba in Brazil since 1989, focused on the pedagogic methods of Célestin Freinet.	Colégio Integral	1989
inception	Since 2009, the BRICS nations have met annually at formal summits.	BRICS	2009
inception	The Electoral Commission of Queensland (ECQ) is an independent statutory authority which was established in 1992 to impartially conduct Queensland elections at both the Parliamentary and local government levels.	Electoral Commission of Queensland	1992
inception	The American Medical Association (AMA), founded in 1847 and incorporated in 1897, is the largest association of physicians--both MDs and DOs--and medical students in the United States.	American Medical Association	1847
inception	It was created on December 15, 1995 by the Loi sur l'Agence métropolitaine de transport (English: AMT Act) and took over from the STCUM's commuter rail service on January 1, 1996.	Agence métropolitaine de transport	1996
inception	The State Security Council (SSC) was formed in South Africa in 1972 to advise the government on the country's national policy and strategy concerning security, its implementation and determining security priorities.	State Security Council	1972
inception	The municipalities of Valendas, Versam, Safien and Tenna merged on 1 January 2013 into the new municipality of Safiental.	Safiental	1 January 2013
inception	Ravi's International is a high-fashion custom clothing company founded in 1991 in Thailand, by tailor and entrepreneur Mr. Ravi Daswani, whose family has been in the clothing business for three generations.	Ravi's International	1991
inception	Island Cruises was founded in 2001 by Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. and First Choice Holidays PLC, and began operations in 2002 with one ship, the Island Escape.	Island Cruises	2001
inception	KIU Academy was founded in 1999 by the parent organization Kyoto International University as a school to provide an international education in both English and Japanese to where the graduates would be bilingual and bi-cultural.	KIU Academy	1999
inception	Founded in 1985, as the original online freight and vehicle exchange and headquartered in Brussels, Belgium, Teleroute has operations in 27 European countries.	Teleroute	1985
inception	Originally started in 1888 by Karl Theodor Rösle as an industrial roofing manufacturer, Rösle expanded into kitchen utensils prior to World War II. The company saw rapid growth throughout the 1950s and onwards and in 1993 the Rösle brand became solely dedicated to kitchen tools.	Rösle	1888
inception	Orne is one of the original 83 departments created during the French Revolution, on 4 March 1790.	Orne	4 March 1790
inception	Konkhra is a Danish death metal band formed in Køge in 1989.	Konkhra	1989
inception	Allana College of Architecture was established in 1999, by the M.C.E. Society.	Allana College of Architecture	1999
inception	Amaru Entertainment was founded by Tupac Shakur's mother, Afeni Shakur, in early 1997 to handle the release of the unreleased material her son had created before his death on September 13, 1996.	Amaru Entertainment	1997
inception	Khoren and Shooshanig Avedisian School is public school in the Malatia-Sebastia District of Yerevan, Armenia, founded in 1999 by the Armenian Missionary Association of America.	Khoren and Shooshanig Avedisian School	1999
inception	For Today is an American Christian metalcore band from Sioux City, Iowa, formed in 2005.	For Today	2005
inception	Webvan was founded in the heyday of the dot-com bubble in 1996 by Louis Borders, who also co-founded the Borders bookstore in 1971.	Webvan	1996
inception	The American Association of Anthropological Genetics (AAAG) is an educational and scientific organization founded in 1994.	American Association of Anthropological Genetics	1994
inception	Mpiri was formed in January 1998 by Marjun Hoydal, Bogi Peturson Nielsen, Bogi Mouritsen and Tróndur Bogason.	Mpiri	1998
inception	Insane Championship Wrestling (ICW) is a British wrestling promotion based in Glasgow, Scotland, founded by Mark Dallas in 2006.	Insane Championship Wrestling	2006
inception	It took six years from the initial idea for a major new piece of public art to the unveiling of Sky Mirror on 27 April 2001, and cost £900,000.	Sky Mirror	2001
inception	Based on a chamber of commerce initiative and launched in 2001, Supinfogame trains students in game design, game art, management and game programming.	Supinfogame	2001
inception	Lahneck Castle was built in 1226 by the Archbishop of Mainz Siegfried III of Eppstein to protect his territory at the mouth of the Lahn, where the town of Oberlahnstein and a silver mine had come into the possession of the Archbishopric in 1220.	Lahneck Castle	1226
inception	Two priests from Birmingham arrived in September 1990 and, in 1993, the Oxford Oratory was established as an independent Congregation.	Oxford Oratory	1993
inception	It is named after Melitta Bentz (1873--1950) who founded the company after she invented the drip brew paper coffee filter (German patent granted July 8, 1908).	Melitta	1908
inception	The first part of IANOS Culture Chain was created in September 1984 in Thessaloniki, Greece by Nikos Karatzas.	IANOS	1984
inception	Recognized as the first company in the industry to develop IT test prep products, Kaplan SelfTest launched its first offering in 1992: the ``Big Red Self Test'' for the Novell NetWare certification.	Kaplan SelfTest	1992
inception	YouNow was founded by Adi Sideman in September 2011, but significantly grew in popularity during 2014 and 2015 following significant changes to the service.	YouNow	2011
inception	Distortion Mirrors is an English alternative rock band, based in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England, and who was formed in 2011.	Distortion Mirrors	2011
inception	Pailan Arrows was founded as the AIFF XI in 2010 under the recommendation of then India head coach Bob Houghton and All India Football Federation president Praful Patel after Bob noticed that almost all the India U19 and India U23 players were on the bench during the I-League season and were never getting any game time.	Pailan Arrows	2010
inception	Shazna (stylized as SHAZNA) was a Japanese visual kei rock band originally active from 1993 to 2000.	Shazna	1993
inception	Hyperium Records was a German independent record label specializing in darkwave, neoclassical, ethereal, gothic rock, and ambient music, founded by Oliver Roesch (also known as ``Oli'' Roesch) and Oliver van Essenberg in 1991.	Hyperium Records	1991
inception	The Indian Stammering Association launched its official website on 15 August 2009.	The Indian Stammering Association	2009
inception	The ZOOperstars! were created by brothers, Dominic and Brennan Latkovski in 1998.	ZOOperstars!	1998
inception	The Ottawa Giants were a professional minor-league baseball team based in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada that operated in 1951 after the relocation of an existing Triple-A franchise, the Jersey City Giants.	Ottawa Giants	1951
inception	FC Pskov-747 (Russian: ФК ``Псков-747'') is an association football club from Pskov, Russia, founded in 2006.	FC Pskov-747	2006
inception	Created by the Fédération des travailleurs et travailleuses du Québec (FTQ), Québec's largest labour body, the Fonds de solidarité FTQ was created on June 23, 1983 through legislation enacted by the province's National Assembly.	Fonds de solidarité FTQ	1983
inception	The company Bitly, Inc. was established in 2008.	Bitly	2008
inception	Created in 1991 by the PEN American Center, the PEN/Open Book program ensures custodians of language and literature are representative of the American people.	PEN/Open Book	1991
inception	In 1548 the line was split between a Harz line (Stolberg-Stolberg) and a Rhenish line which had possessions in Rochefort (Stolberg-Rochefort) and Königstein im Taunus (Stolberg-Königstein).	Stolberg-Stolberg	1548
inception	The British Waterways Board was initially established as a result of the Transport Act 1962 and took control of the inland waterways assets of the British Transport Commission in 1963.	British Waterways	1962
inception	Melbourne Wesley Cummings and Lew Addison Cummings founded Addison-Wesley in 1942, with the first book published by Addison-Wesley being MIT professor Francis Weston Sears's Mechanics.	Addison-Wesley	1942
inception	Helpline Telecoms Nigeria Limited was incorporated as a private limited liability Company in 2003.	Helpline Telecoms Nigeria Limited	2003
inception	Planes of Fame Air Museum was founded by Edward T. Maloney on January 12, 1957 in Claremont, California, to save historically important aircraft.	Planes of Fame Air Museum	1957
inception	The Jozef Kroner Awards (in Slovak: Cena Jozefa Kronera) are bestowed annually since 2001 by the Jozef Kroner Foundation, which was established after the death of Jozef Kroner to remember his art and personality.	Jozef Kroner Awards	2001
inception	Miss Earth United Kingdom identified held for first time in 2005.	Miss Earth United Kingdom	2005
inception	Polish Military Organisation, PMO (Polish: Polska Organizacja Wojskowa, POW) was a secret military organization created by Józef Piłsudski in August 1914, and officially named in November 1914, during World War I. Its tasks were to gather intelligence and sabotage the enemies of the Polish people.	Polish Military Organisation	1914
inception	Netvigator dial-up Internet Access Service was first launched under Hong Kong Telecom IMS Limited under the directorship of Dr. William Lo on 18 April 1996.	Netvigator	1996
inception	Duke of Osuna is a Spanish noble title that was first awarded in 1562 by King Philip II of Spain to Don Pedro Girón de la Cueva, (Osuna, Sevilla, 29 July 1537--1590).	Duke of Osuna	1562
inception	Anime Central was formed in 1998 due to the lack of anime gatherings in the Central United States.	Anime Central	1998
inception	The Korean Confederation of Trade Unions (KCTU), also known as Minju-nochong (Korean: 민주노총; acronym for KCTU in Korean language) is a national trade union centre officially established in 1995.	Korean Confederation of Trade Unions	1995
inception	The Internet Society (ISOC) is an international, non-profit organization founded in 1992 to provide leadership in Internet-related standards, education, and policy.	Internet Society	1992
inception	Nosound started as a project by Giancarlo in 2002.	Nosound	2002
inception	The Coalition démocratique de Montréal (English: Democratic Coalition of Montreal) was a left-of-center municipal political party that existed in Montreal, Quebec, Canada from 1989 to 2001.	Coalition démocratique de Montréal	1989
inception	The Science Group were an avant-rock group founded in France in 1997 by English drummer Chris Cutler from Henry Cow and Yugoslav contemporary classical composer and keyboardist Stevan Tickmayer.	The Science Group	1997
inception	Campaign Against an EU Constitution (CAEUC) was a coalition left-wing political parties, organisations, trade unionists and individuals in Ireland, formed in 2005 to campaign against the anticipated European Union Constitution referendum.	Campaign Against an EU Constitution	2005
inception	KBLZ, which signed on in 1998 (as KBKV), and KAZE, whose sign-on was in 1989 (as KWSK, licensed previously to Daingerfield), have been simulcasting their format since 1999.	KBLZ	1998
inception	The business was founded by Mike Wilson CBE, Sir Mark Weinberg and Lord Rothschild in 1991 as J Rothschild Assurance Group, later changed to St. James's Place plc. In 1992, the Directors of J Rothschild Assurance Group established a Charitable Foundation.	St. James's Place plc	1991
inception	In 1993, FitTV was launched as Cable Health Club, part of Tim and Pat Robertson's International Family Entertainment, which also then owned the Family Channel (now Freeform).	FitTV	1993
inception	Loaded Records was a UK dance record label formed in 1990 by Tim Jeffery and JC Reid.	Loaded Records	1990
inception	The Kentucky Bisons were a basketball team in the American Basketball Association which began play in 2008-09, play in the South Central division.	Kentucky Bisons	2008
inception	Coral Sun Airways is one, and the younger, of the two Kiribati airlines (next to flag carrier Air Kiribati), established in January 2009.	Coral Sun Airways	2009
inception	Norther formed under the name Requiem (Lindroos, Korpas, Hallio) in 1996 after various early stage band formations.	Norther	1996
inception	Lacoste (French pronunciation: ​(laˈkɔst)) is a French clothing company founded in 1933 that sells high-end clothing, footwear, perfume, leather goods, watches, eyewear, and most famously polo shirts.	Lacoste	1933
inception	The South London Thunderbirds are South London Storm's sixth satellite club and were formed in November 2008 to specifically cater for girls over the age of 11 who wish to continue playing Rugby League.	South London Thunderbirds	2008
inception	Founded in 1945, Wellcome is Hong Kong's longest-established supermarket chain.	Wellcome	1945
inception	Formed in 2001 by Haim Saban, Saban Capital Group owns Saban Brands, part of Univision Communications, and part of Celestial Tiger Entertainment.	Saban Capital Group	2001
inception	History The Psychonomic Society was founded by a group of experimental psychologists during a meeting in Chicago, Illinois, in December 1959.	Psychonomic Society	1959
inception	Named after founder Ben Serotta, the company was founded in 1972.	Serotta	1972
inception	Bleeding Oath were an English progressive rock band from London, formed in 2009.	Bleeding Oath	2009
inception	In 1996, Boots developed the concept for Edmund Welles, and began arranging and composing for it.	Edmund Welles	1996
inception	The Criminal Justice Commission was established in 1989 by the Queensland Criminal Justice Act 1989, following widespread corruption amongst high-level Queensland politicians and police officers being uncovered in the Fitzgerald Inquiry.	Criminal Justice Commission	1989
inception	Limmud International, founded in 2006, is a volunteer-led Jewish international organisation, based in London and chaired by David Hoffman, who leads a steering group which is supported by a professional coordinator, Dani Serlin.	Limmud International	2006
inception	Big Apple Pizza (Hebrew: ביג אפל פיצה‎) is an Israeli pizza chain with 9 branches throughout Israel, founded in 1986.	Big Apple Pizza	1986
inception	Iggy's was opened in 2004 by owner and chef/sommelier Ignatius Chan.	Iggy's	2004
inception	Asianet Movies is a 24-hour Malayalam TV channel from the Asianet Communications Limited launched on 15 July 2012.	Asianet Movies	2012
inception	Caparo was founded by Lord Swraj Paul, in 1968.	Caparo	1968
inception	ECBACC, Inc. was founded in 2002 by Yumy Odom, a multidisciplinary educator, scientist and researcher affiliated with Temple University, and Maurice Waters.	ECBACC	2002
inception	Swervedriver are an English alternative rock band formed in Oxford in 1989 around core members Adam Franklin and Jimmy Hartridge.	Swervedriver	1989
inception	The Arden School of Theatre was founded jointly by the Royal Exchange Theatre, Manchester and South Manchester College in 1991 by the Senior Curriculum Manager Robert S Ely, to provide vocational degree level theatrical education in the North of England, one of the first to provide theatrical degrees in the United Kingdom.	Arden School of Theatre	1991
inception	The Computer Measurement Group (CMG), founded in 1974, is a worldwide non-profit organization of data processing professionals whose work involves measuring and managing the performance of computing systems.	Computer Measurement Group	1974
inception	Berbee was founded in 1993 by James G. Berbee and it grew to over 300 million USD in revenue and more than 800 employees at the time of its sale in October 2006.	Berbee	1993
inception	The MIT Sloan School of Management began in 1914, as the engineering administration curriculum (``Course 15'') in the MIT Department of Economics and Statistics.	MIT Sloan School of Management	1914
inception	Combining improvisation along with video segments, Ad-Libs was conceived by Phil Larsson in 1986.	Ad-Libs	1986
inception	Wabash National was founded as a start-up in 1985 and has been publicly traded since 1991.	Wabash National	1985
inception	Prodrive was founded in 1984 by Ian Parry and David Richards, the latter is now the chairman of the group.	Prodrive	1984
inception	Touchmate is a computer products manufacturing company founded in 1988.	Touchmate	1988
inception	The King Faisal Foundation was established in 1976 by the sons of King Faisal of Saudi Arabia.	King Faisal Foundation	1976
inception	The Manchester School of Architecture (MSA) was formed in 1996 with the merger of the architecture departments of the University of Manchester and Manchester Metropolitan University, in England.	Manchester School of Architecture	1996
inception	Change.org was launched on February 7, 2007, by current chief executive Ben Rattray, with the support of founding chief technology officer Mark Dimas, Darren Haas, and Adam Cheyer.	Change.org	2007
inception	The La Crosse Bobcats were a Continental Basketball Association basketball team located in La Crosse, Wisconsin from 1996 to the league's bankruptcy in February 2001.	La Crosse Bobcats	1996
inception	The origins of Australian Motor Industries can be traced back to 1926 when J.F. Crosby decided to invest in Eclipse Motors Pty Ltd of Melbourne.	Australian Motor Industries	1926
inception	Albert Gallatin High School was originally created in 1951, consolidating the Masontown and Point Marion high schools at the present-day AG Middle School South campus, near Point Marion.	Albert Gallatin High School	1951
inception	Six Mile Grove was founded in 1997 in Lyle, Minnesota (population 566) by brothers Brandon and Brian Sampson, Barry Nelson and Dezi Wallace.	Six Mile Grove	1997
inception	Pingboard was founded in 2013 by Bill Boebel and Rob Eanes, and has grown to nine employees.	Pingboard	2013
inception	The Crimes Town Gallery in Stoke Newington has been operating since July 2007.	Crimes Town Gallery	2007
inception	The Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts of India (ICFAI) was established in 1984 as a not-for-profit educational society in Telangana, India.	Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts of India	1984
inception	The Prayner Conservatory of Music and Dramatic Arts in Vienna licensed by the Austrian authorities founded in 1905, and has developed into one of the most well-known and historical conservatories in the city of Vienna.	Prayner Conservatory of Music and Dramatic Arts in Vienna	1905
inception	The court was established on 1 January 2006, with the merger of Indre Follo District Court and Ytre Follo District Court.	Follo District Court	2006
inception	Plexifilm is an independent DVD label and film production company co-founded by Gary Hustwit (formerly VP of Salon.com) and Sean Anderson (formerly Director of DVD Development of The Criterion Collection) in 2001.	Plexifilm	2001
inception	Formed in 1986, Del Arno Band are considered the longest lasting Serbian reggae band, and one of the pioneers of Serbian and former Yugoslav reggae scenes.	Del Arno Band	1986
inception	Panama Claro Championship 2016 Ryan Armour 2015 Mathew Goggin 2014 Carlos Ortiz 2013 Kevin Foley 2012 Edward Loar 2011 Mathew Goggin 2010 Fran Quinn Panama Digicel Championship 2009 Vance Veazey Panama Movistar Championship 2008 Scott Dunlap Movistar Panama Championship 2007 Miguel Carballo 2006 Tripp Isenhour BellSouth Panama Championship 2005 Vance Veazey 2004 Jimmy Walker	Panama Claro Championship	2004
inception	The 1st ZAI Awards, honoring the best in the Slovak music industry for individual achievements for the year of 1990, took place at the Hotel Kiev in Bratislava in 1991.	1st ZAI Awards	1990
inception	Malaysia Airports Berhad was incorporated in 1991 when the Malaysian Parliament passed a bill to separate the Department of Civil Aviation (DCA) into two entities with different spheres of responsibilities.	Malaysia Airports	1991
inception	The West Coast Lightning is an expansion team of the Women's Football Alliance set to begin play in 2012.	West Coast Lightning	2012
inception	The Bohus Breeding Center Foundation (Stiftelsen Bohus Avelscentrum) was founded on 8 March 1988 and Nordens Ark was inaugurated by Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden on 14 June 1989.	Nordens Ark	14 June 1989
inception	The Syrian National Youth Party is a political party that was approved on 14 March 2012 following the Syrian constitutional referendum, 2012 that introduced multi party elections into Syria.	Syrian National Youth Party	14 March 2012
inception	The History of Education Society is a professional organization for American historians of education founded in 1960.	History of Education Society	1960
inception	The World Habitat Awards were established in 1985 by the Building and Social Housing Foundation as part of its contribution to the United Nations' International Year of Shelter for the Homeless in 1987.	World Habitat Awards	1985
inception	The Heritage Flight Museum is a non-profit organization founded by the family of Apollo 8 astronaut William Anders in 1996 at the Bellingham International Airport (KBLI) in Bellingham, Washington.	Heritage Flight Museum	1996
inception	Torabi, Chudley, Measures and Keddie (along with bass player Laurie Osbourne) all relocated to Leyton, East London in 1994 and formed The Monsoon Bassoon.	The Monsoon Bassoon	1994
inception	The Kniksen Award (Norwegian: Kniksenprisen), established in 1990, honors the best players in the Norwegian football premiership.	Kniksen Award	1990
inception	Desert Ridge High School (DRHS) was founded in 2002 in Mesa, Arizona and is part of Gilbert Public Schools.	Desert Ridge High School	2002
inception	The Bardiya National Park (Nepali: बर्दिया राष्ट्रिय निकुञ्ज; Bardiya Rastriya Nikunja.ogg ), also spelled Bardia, is a protected area in Nepal that was established in 1988 as Royal Bardia National Park.	Bardiya National Park	1988
inception	Lumosity.com launched in 2007 and, as of January 2015, has 70 million members.	Lumosity	2007
inception	ITC Transmission was founded in 1999 as International Transmission Co., a subsidiary of Detroit Edison (since renamed DTE Energy Electric Company, itself a subsidiary of DTE Energy), charged in the ownership, operation and maintenance of Detroit Edison's transmission system.	ITC Transmission	1999
inception	Shihezi University is a university in Shihezi, Xinjiang, founded in April 1996 under the integration of institutional colleges by the Ministry of Education and the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps.	Shihezi University	1996
inception	Glentauchers distillery is a Speyside Scottish whisky distillery, founded in 1897.	Glentauchers distillery	1897
inception	Depth Affect was a French music group, active from 2004 to 2012.	Depth Affect	2004
inception	Delhi Public School, Ranchi was established on 17 July 1989.	Delhi Public School, Ranchi	1989
inception	S.S. Cosmos is a Sanmarinese football club, based in Serravalle and founded in 1979.	S.S. Cosmos	1979
inception	The Dublin Writers Museum was opened in November 1991 at No 18, Parnell Square, Dublin, Ireland.	Dublin Writers Museum	1991
inception	HMF Engineering was founded in 1997 by Hans Luenger in Cleveland, Ohio, USA.	HMF Engineering	1997
inception	Hjemkomst Center first opened in 1985 and serves as a home to Hjemkomst Viking Ship, Hopperstad Stave Church replica, quarterly museum exhibits, and county archives.	Hjemkomst Center	1985
inception	Scorpion Child is an American hard rock band from Austin, Texas, formed in 2006.	Scorpion Child	2006
inception	With the grand opening in 2011, Westchester's Ridge Hill features a variety of retail stores, restaurants, condominiums, and offices.	Westchester's Ridge Hill	2011
inception	The IHF Emerging Nations Championship is a men's handball tournament organized by the International Handball Federation since 2015, directed to play with emerging teams.	IHF Emerging Nations Championship	2015
inception	Samsung Capital Co, Ltd. is a Korean financial company, established in 1999 with headquarters in Seoul, Korea.	Samsung Capital	1999
inception	The Santa Cruz Surfing Museum is a museum which was established in May 1986 to document the history of surfing.	Santa Cruz Surfing Museum	1986
inception	The Society of Illustrators was founded on February 1, 1901, by a group of nine artists and one advising businessman.	Society of Illustrators	1901
inception	The club was founded in 1909 and its pavilion is the Palau d'Esports Reus Deportiu with a capacity of 2,500 seats.	Reus Deportiu	1909
inception	The Utah Chamber Artists, based in Salt Lake City, Utah, was established in 1991 by Music Director Barlow Bradford.	Utah Chamber Artists	1991
inception	Nestlé was formed in 1905 by the merger of the Anglo-Swiss Milk Company, established in 1866 by brothers George Page and Charles Page, and Farine Lactée Henri Nestlé, founded in 1866 by Henri Nestlé (born Heinrich Nestle).	Nestlé	1866
inception	Formed in 2008 in Houston by Whitney Flynn and Jesse Sendejas as a duo, over the years Days N' Daze have taken on other musicians to create a full recording and touring band.	Days N' Daze	2008
inception	The FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship, previously known as the European Championship for Men '22 and Under', is a basketball competition inaugurated in 1992.	FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship	1992
inception	Alacritech was founded in 1997 by technology pioneer Larry Boucher, the author of the SCSI standard and founder of both Auspex and Adaptec.	Alacritech	1997
inception	Imaginet LLC was founded in 1991 as a NeXT Computer and Apple Computer publishing Value Added Reseller.	Imaginet	1991
inception	Appster is an Australian app development agency, founded in 2011.	Appster	2011
inception	The company was founded in 1903 by August Storck, who later became August Oberwelland.	August Storck	1903
inception	A Prospect of Derby is a 1725 painting by an unknown artist that shows the layout of Derby in the early 18th century.	A Prospect of Derby	1725
inception	Agricultural Development Bank of Zimbabwe was established as a commercial bank in 1999, according to the website of the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe.	Agricultural Development Bank of Zimbabwe	1999
inception	Afenginn, which means intoxication and strength in old norse, is a contemporary folk/world music band formed in Copenhagen in 2002.	Afenginn	2002
inception	Julie's Haircut is an Italian neo-psychedelic rock group formed in Emilia between Modena and Reggio Emilia in 1994.	Julie's Haircut	1994
inception	The 4onthefloor is an American rock and roll band from Minneapolis, MN, formed in 2009.	The 4onthefloor	2009
inception	Hothouse Creations was a UK computer game developer, founded in 1996.	Hothouse Creations	1996
inception	The alternative education program at City Park Collegiate Institute (CPCI) was established in 1986 to meet the needs of students having difficulty in the regular school setting.	City Park Collegiate	1986
inception	This was established by merging two existing village development committees i.e. Triveni and Katari on 18 May 2014.	Katari	2014
inception	The Canon EOS-1D is a 4-megapixel professional digital single-lens reflex camera launched in November 2001.	Canon EOS-1D	2001
inception	The restaurant became Taylor's Automatic Refresher when the first location re-opened in St. Helena in 1999, and (in the aftermath of a trademark dispute, and over the protests of the Taylor family) was renamed in 2010 as Gott's Roadside.	Gott's Roadside	1999
inception	Ability Plus Software is a software development company, founded in 1991 for the purposes of developing and marketing the Ability branded products:	Ability Plus Software	1991
inception	The Latin America Memorial (in Portuguese, Memorial da América Latina) is a cultural, political and leisure complex, inaugurated in 1989, in São Paulo, Brazil.	Latin America Memorial	1989
inception	Saturday Night Engine, 1995 Broder Daniel, 1996 Broder Daniel Forever, 1998 Singles, 2000 Cruel Town, 2003 No Time For Us (1989--2004), 2005 The Demos 1989-1997, 2005	Broder Daniel	1989
inception	Springbank School, founded in 1996, is an independent co-educational school in Kerikeri, Bay of Islands, New Zealand.	Springbank School	1996
inception	The Lesbian Organization of Toronto (L.O.O.T. or LOOT) was a multi-faceted lesbian organization founded in 1976 and disbanded in 1980.	Lesbian Organization of Toronto	1976
inception	The Multicore Association, founded in 2005, is a member-funded, non-profit, industry consortium focused on the creation of open standard APIs, specifications, and guidelines that allow system developers and programmers to more readily adopt multicore technology into their applications.	Multicore Association	2005
inception	Zee Jagran (also known as India in hindusam) is an Indian free-to-air TV channel launched by Zee Network on 1 September 2003.	Zee Jagran	2003
inception	The Federation of European Nutrition Societies (FENS) is a non-profit association, established in 1979 as a roof organization for the national nutrition societies in Europe, with each country represented by its representative Nutrition Society or Association within FENS.	Federation of European Nutrition Societies	1979
inception	Queen Arwa University is a Yemeni private, university founded in 1996 in Yemen and named after Queen Arwa.	Queen Arwa University	1996
inception	Vaeda is an American three-piece alternative rock band formed in Brooklyn, New York in 2003.	Vaeda	2003
inception	Trondheim Energi was founded in 1901 as Trondhjems Elektricitetsværk og Sporvei to build a power plant in Øvre Leirfoss and operate the Trondheim Tramway.	Trondheim Energi	1901
inception	Size Five Games (formerly Zombie Cow Studios) is a British independent video game developer founded by Dan Marshall in 2008.	Size Five Games	2008
inception	From a footballing perspective those events prompted the founding, on 18 January 1992, of the Football Federation of Armenia.	Football Federation of Armenia	1992
inception	Bell sold the El Tacos to his partner and built the first Taco Bell in Downey in 1962.	Taco Bell	1962
inception	Havas was the first French news agency, created in 1835 emerged in the age of the Austro-Hungarian Empire.	Havas	1835
inception	Hailing from Detroit, Michigan, Majesty Crush formed in 1990 and broke up in 1995.	Majesty Crush	1990
inception	Founded in 1830 on an abandoned station of the London Missionary Society, and initially named Toverberg after a nearby hill, it was renamed Colesberg after Sir Galbraith Lowry Cole, then Governor of the Cape Colony.	Colesberg	1830
inception	North Jersey Valkyries is an American women's soccer team, founded in 2009 based in Wayne, New Jersey, United States.	North Jersey Valkyries	2009
inception	After working with several promotions in the New York Tri-State and New England regions, Gertner launched MXW Pro Wrestling in late 2004.	MXW Pro Wrestling	2004
inception	The Leg were formed in 2006 by Dan Mutch, Pete Harvey and Alun Thomas.	The Leg	2006
inception	OTRAG was founded in 1975 by the German aerospace engineer Lutz Kayser.	OTRAG	1975
inception	Fierce Angel is a UK-based record label set up in 2006 by DJ Mark Doyle.	Fierce Angel	2006
inception	Arçelik was founded in 1955 and entered the Turkish white goods sector by producing its first washing machine in 1959 and its first refrigerator in 1960.	Arçelik	1955
inception	Air Sylhet plc was founded in early 2007, by British Bangladeshi businessmen from the Sylhet region of Bangladesh.	Air Sylhet	2007
inception	Net4Mobility was founded April 2009 and currently operates in the 800, 900, 1800 and 2600 MHz bands.	Net4Mobility	April 2009
inception	The Swedish Film Institute (Swedish: Svenska Filminstitutet) was founded in 1963 to support and develop the Swedish film industry.	Swedish Film Institute	1963
inception	In 1986, after Ted Turner sold MGM to Kirk Kerkorian, MGM formed MGM Music for the licensing of music of which MGM owns the rights.	MGM Music	1986
inception	Prickly Paradigm Press is a new incarnation of Prickly Pear Pamphlets, which was started in 1993, in Cambridge, England, by anthropologists Keith Hart and Anna Grimshaw.	Prickly Paradigm Press	1993
inception	The Straits Chinese Jewellery Museum was then opened in October 2012.	Straits Chinese Jewellery Museum	2012
inception	The Shilpguru awards were first introduced in 2002 where 10 eminent Master Craftpersons were honoured with ``Shilp Guru'' title by the President of India.	Shilp Guru	2002
inception	WTAK-FM was originally known by the call sign WYAM-FM and went on the air around November 1991.	WTAK-FM	1991
inception	The Thorns are an American acoustic rock band formed in 2002 as a project of Matthew Sweet, Pete Droge, and Shawn Mullins.	The Thorns	2002
inception	Eshhar was established in 1986 by a gar'in comprising this group together with other English-speaking and Israeli families.	Eshhar	1986
inception	The Romanian National Unity Party (Romanian: Partidul Unităţii Naţionale a Românilor, PUNR) was a nationalist political party in Romania between 1990 and 2006.	Romanian National Unity Party	1990
inception	Euralair was founded in 1964 as an air-taxi and executive charter company.	Euralair	1964
inception	Wannabe Jalva is a Space Groove Rock band formed in 2011 by Tiago Abrahao (guitar/bass/seq), Felipe Puperi (vocal/guitar), Rafael Rocha (vocal/guitar/bass) and Fernando Paulista (drums) in Porto Alegre, Brazil.	Wannabe Jalva	2011
inception	Acharya Balkrishna established Patanjali Ayurved Limited in 2006 along with Baba Ramdev with the objective of establishing science of Ayurveda in accordance and coordinating with the latest technology and ancient wisdom.	Patanjali Ayurved	2006
inception	Mindspeed Technologies was formed from the spin-off of the Network Access division of Conexant Systems, Inc. to shareowners on June 27, 2003; creating two independent, publicly traded communications semiconductor companies.	Mindspeed Technologies	2003
inception	Conservation International was founded in 1987 with the aim of analyzing the problems most dangerous or harmful to nature and building a foundation dedicated to solving these issues on a global scale.	Conservation International	1987
inception	Kanal 7 (English: Channel 7) is a Turkish nationwide TV channel established in 1994.	Kanal 7	1994
inception	Government Residential Women's Polytechnic Latur (GRWPL) is Maharashtra's first women's polytechnic founded in 1994.	Government Residential Women's Polytechnic Latur	1994
inception	1987 founded as FC Stankostroitel Smorgon 1993 renamed to FC Smorgon	FC Smorgon	1987
inception	Lujo Records is a United States independent record label that was founded in 2001 by Erik Aucoin who was a student at Nicholls State University in Thibodaux, Louisiana at the time.	Lujo Records	2001
inception	Global Network for Rights and Development (commonly known as GNRD) is a Norwegian non-governmental human rights organization established in June 2008.	Global Network for Rights and Development	June 2008
inception	The Lansdowne Folk Club, Lansdowne, Pennsylvania, was founded in October 1992 by Lee and Flossie Jones, Mike Joyce and John and Kate Hetherington.	Lansdowne Folk Club	October 1992
inception	Acceptcard Pro Cycling, also known as Team Acceptcard was a Danish professional road bicycle racing team in 1998 and 1999.	Acceptcard Pro Cycling	1998
inception	CSAV (Compañía Sudamericana de Vapores) is a Chilean shipping company that is currently the largest company of its type in Latin America and also one of the oldest ones, having been founded in 1872.	CSAV	1872
inception	In 2001, Anime Mid-Atlantic became Richmond, Virginia's first anime convention and was held at the Holiday Inn Select Koger South Conference Center.	Anime Mid-Atlantic	2001
inception	Calgary Storm Prospects were a Canadian soccer team, founded in 2002 as the Calgary Storm Select, who were members of the United Soccer Leagues Premier Development League (PDL), the fourth tier of the American Soccer Pyramid, until 2003, after which the team left the league and the franchise was terminated.	Calgary Storm Prospects	2002
inception	Motortrain is an American southern rock band, formed in 2010 in Westville, Oklahoma.	Motortrain	2010
inception	The Motorhomes was a Swedish rockband from Jönköping that was created in 1997.	The Motorhomes	1997
inception	The 1st GLAAD Media Awards ceremony honoring the 1989 season was held in 1990, and recognized 34 nominees in 7 competitive categories.	GLAAD Media Award	1990
inception	The Russian National Union was first formed in 1993 as a hardline splinter group of the nationalist Pamyat organisation.	Russian National Union	1993
inception	Airtight Games was an independent video game developer founded in 2004 that was made up of several former members of FASA Studio, Will Vinton Studios and Microsoft, as well as several other studios.	Airtight Games	2004
inception	The World Banana Forum (WBF) was launched at a conference organized by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) in Rome in 2009 with the participation of some 150 stakeholders from the whole banana sector worldwide.	World Banana Forum	2009
inception	Stutterfly was a post-hardcore band formed in 1998, originally named Uncle Ed's Private Jet.	Stutterfly	1998
inception	The company was founded by Arturo Ceriani in 1951.	Ceriani	1951
inception	After a highly successful donation drive, the first TechShop officially opened to the public on October 1, 2006 in Menlo Park, California, in the heart of Silicon Valley.	TechShop	2006
inception	Seventh Angel are a British Christian metal band that formed in 1987.	Seventh Angel	1987
inception	Captain Face are a rock band formed in 2003 in Aberdeen, Scotland.	Captain Face	2003
inception	The Swedish Gold Coast (Swedish: Svenska Guldkusten) was a Swedish colony founded in 1650 by Hendrik Carloff on the Gulf of Guinea in present-day Ghana in Africa.	Swedish Gold Coast	1650
inception	The Waifs (originally styled as The WAiFS) are an Australian folk rock band formed in 1992 by sisters Vikki Thorn (harmonica, guitar, vocals) and Donna Simpson (guitar, vocals) as well as Josh Cunningham (guitar, vocals).	The Waifs	1992
inception	Greggs was founded by John Gregg as a Tyneside bakery in 1939.	Greggs	1939
inception	In September 2010, Orca Health released SpineDecide on the iOS App Store.	Orca Health	2010
inception	Transair Sweden (not to be confused with another Transair Sweden that operated between 2002--2003) began as Nordisk Aerotransport AB in 1950 with the purpose of flying newspapers from Stockholm to other locations in Sweden using Airspeed Oxford aircraft.	Transair Sweden	1950
inception	POLAF was founded in 2012 and has its head office in Midrand, Johannesburg, South Africa.	POLAF	2012
inception	Modern passenger service on the Greenbush Line began on October 31, 2007.	Greenbush Line	2007
inception	The Office of Minority Health (OMH) was created in 1986 and is one of the most significant outcomes of the 1985 Secretary's Task Force Report on Black and Minority Health, also known as the ``Heckler Report''.	Office of Minority Health	1986
inception	Founded in 2006, HyperCity Retail (India) Ltd. is part of the K. Raheja Corp. Group, a leader in the Indian retail sector.	HyperCity	2006
inception	The Center for Vision and Values is a conservative think tank established at Grove City College in April 2005 to provide their faculty members with the opportunity to share the fruits of their research and scholarship with the public..	Center for Vision and Values	2005
inception	During December 1984, the business was reorganized and incorporated as Mari Petroleum Company Limited, and it acquired the assets, liabilities and operational control of the Mari Gas Field.	Mari Petroleum Company Limited	December 1984
inception	NamPower was founded in 1964 as the ``South West Africa Water and Electricity Corporation'' (SWAWEK) by the government of South Africa.	NamPower	1964
inception	The largest of Poland's 23 National Parks, the Biebrza National Park was created on September 9, 1993.	Biebrza National Park	1993
inception	Skull Fist was founded in 2006 by guitarist/singer Zach Slaughter in Toronto.	Skull Fist	2006
inception	The April 6 Youth Movement Democratic Front (Arabic: حركة شباب 6 أبريل الجبهة الديمقراطية‎) is an Egyptian activist group established in spring 2011 after the differences in the April 6 Youth Movement, led by Ahmed Maher.	April 6 Youth Movement Democratic Front	2011
inception	Gepida is a Hungarian manufacturer of bicycles established in 1996.	Gepida	1996
inception	York County Community College was established in 1994 as York County Technical College (YCTC) by the 116th Maine Legislature.	York County Community College	1994
inception	Asia Brewery, Inc. was established by Lucio Tan in January 27, 1982 with the inauguration of its brewery in Cabuyao, Laguna and the launch of its first brand, Beer Hausen Pale Pilsen.	Asia Brewery	1982
inception	The Council of Fashion Designers of America, Inc. (CFDA), founded in 1962 by publicist Eleanor Lambert, is a not-for-profit trade association of over 450 prominent American fashion and accessory designers.	Council of Fashion Designers of America	1962
inception	Animals That Swim are a musical group who formed in London, England, 1989, with a line-up of stand-up drums, piano, trumpet and ``a nifty line in clever narrative lyrics''.	Animals That Swim	1989
inception	Abhaya School is an Indian school based on the Waldorf curriculum, situated in Rangareddy district near Secunderabad, Hyderabad, India, founded in June 2002.	Abhaya School	2002
inception	Designated as a national park in 1988, Wolchulsan National Park is South Korea's smallest at only 56.6 km2 (21.9 sq mi).	Wolchulsan National Park	1988
inception	Malcolm Lincoln are an Estonian band that formed in October 2009.	Malcolm Lincoln	2009
inception	Atlètic Club d'Escaldes was founded on 20 May 2002 in Escaldes-Engordany joining Segona Divisió the same year.	Atlètic Club d'Escaldes	2002
inception	AACE International (formerly the Association for the Advancement of Cost Engineering) was founded in 1956 by 59 cost estimators and cost engineers during the organizational meeting of the American Association of Cost Engineering at the University of New Hampshire in Durham, New Hampshire.	AACE International	1956
inception	Frontex (from French: Frontières extérieures for ``external borders'') is an agency of the European Union established in 2004 to manage the cooperation between national border guards securing its external borders.	Frontex	2004
inception	The Oromia Coffee Farmers Cooperative Union (OCFCU) is an Ethiopian agricultural cooperative federation, established in June 1999, representing approximately 102,950 coffee growers, processors, and exporters of the Oromia Region of southern and western Ethiopia.	Oromia Coffee Farmers Cooperative Union	1999
inception	Safa Public School is a school in Nalgonda, Telangana, India offering both standard and Islamic education, established in June 2001.	Safa Public School	2001
inception	TVR Cultural began transmission in 2002.	TVR Cultural	2002
inception	Jurgens Ci Caravans Ltd, founded in 1952, is South Africa's oldest and largest caravan manufacturer.	Jurgens Ci Caravans	1952
inception	Malaguti is an Italian scooter and motorcycle company based in San Lazzaro di Savena, founded by Antonino Malaguti in 1930.	Malaguti	1930
inception	The Police Intellectual Property Crime Unit is a specialized unit of the City of London Police, established in 2013 specialising in intellectual property related law enforcement.	Police Intellectual Property Crime Unit	2013
inception	Upon termination of their codeshare agreements, in 2004 the company changed its name to FLYi, Inc, representing the airline's new name, Independence Air.	FLYi	2004
inception	Founded in 2004, Pro Musica Hebraica was the idea of lawyer-turned-artist Robyn Krauthammer, who recognized that there was a tradition of Jewish music that was neglected within the Jewish community and that deserved to be recovered and appreciated by the general public as great music worthy of the concert hall.	Pro Musica Hebraica	2004
inception	Ordrupgaard was founded 1916--1918 by former Hafnia managing director, titular Councillor of State Wilhelm Hansen (art collector) (1868--1936) and his wife Henny Hansen.	Ordrupgaard	1918
inception	Anshelle are a Swiss Adult Contemporary Pop/Rock band from Bern, Switzerland founded in 2001.	Anshelle	2001
inception	The Institut de mécanique céleste et de calcul des éphémérides (IMCCE) was founded in 1998 and replaced the Service des calculs et de mécanique céleste of the Bureau des longitudes.	Institut de mécanique céleste et de calcul des éphémérides	1998
inception	Following the passage of the Motor Vehicle Security & Customer Service Act of 2003, the former New Jersey Division of Motor Vehicles (DMV) was renamed as the New Jersey Motor Vehicle Commission.	New Jersey Motor Vehicle Commission	2003
inception	The Druid City Dragons were a World Basketball Association franchise in Tuscaloosa, Alabama that played during the 2006 season.	Druid City Dragons	2006
inception	In 1901 the locality segregated from the Council of the Santurtzi, those days happening to denominate the Santurce-Ortuella.	Ortuella	1901
inception	Policy Press, established in 1996, is an academic publisher based in the Faculty of Social Sciences and Law at the University of Bristol, United Kingdom.	Policy Press	1996
inception	Jeddah Economic Forum (JEF) (arabic: منتدى جدة الإقتصادي) is a forum held annually since 1999 during winter in Jeddah, western Saudi Arabia.	Jeddah Economic Forum	1999
inception	Beginning in 1965 in Southern California, this fellowship of churches grew out of Chuck Smith's Calvary Chapel Costa Mesa.	Calvary Chapel	1965
inception	Russian Love was a rock group (active 1986--1998) that came from Northern Finland and was one of the first gothic rock bands in Finland to sing in English and the first one have an album released.	Russian Love	1986
inception	Remyl is an electronic music project founded by three friends in Oslo, Norway in 1992.	Remyl	1992
inception	Echo Films is an American production company founded in April 2008 by American actress Jennifer Aniston and production partner Kristin Hahn.	Echo Films	2008
inception	The Distinguished Warfare Medal was a planned United States military decoration announced by former U.S. Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta on 13 February 2013.	Distinguished Warfare Medal	2013
inception	The current WSLI began operation in July, 2008.	WSLI	2008
inception	The development of Just5 mobile phones started in 2008 and the trademark was acquired on October 5, 2009.	Just5	2009
inception	Grand Prix Leende or GP Leende is an elite women's road bicycle race held annually since 2012 in Leende, the Netherlands.	Grand Prix Leende	2012
inception	The New Orleans Night was an Arena Football League (AFL) team that competed in the 1991 and 1992 AFL seasons and were based in New Orleans, Louisiana.	New Orleans Night	1991
inception	Indukti is a progressive metal band from Poland, founded in 1999.	Indukti	1999
inception	Mortem is a death metal band formed in 1986 in Lima, Peru.	Mortem	1986
inception	The Baseball Project is a supergroup composed of Peter Buck, Mike Mills, Scott McCaughey, Steve Wynn and Linda Pitmon formed in 2007.	The Baseball Project	2007
inception	The British Commandos were formed during the Second World War in June 1940, following a request from the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, Winston Churchill, for a force that could carry out raids against German-occupied Europe.	British Commandos	June 1940
inception	Invite Media was founded in April, 2007, and they are the creators of Bid Manager, a ``universal buying platform'' for display media.	Invite Media	2007
inception	With Full Force is a metal, hardcore and punk festival held annually in Germany since 1994.	With Full Force	1994
inception	NOWAR-PAIX emerged in 2002, during the buildup to the 2003 American-led invasion of Iraq.	NOWAR-PAIX	2002
inception	Founded in 1859 by Perry Brink of Chicago, Illinois, Brink's business evolved from local armored transportation services to providing corporate financial logistics and international secure transportation.	Brink's	1859
inception	Strung Out is an American punk rock band from Simi Valley, California, formed in 1989.	Strung Out	1989
inception	My American Heart was an American rock band from San Diego, California, formed in 2001.	My American Heart	2001
inception	Located in Boston, Massachusetts, the Institute for Global Innovation Management (IGIM) was founded in 2002 as a research institute affiliated with the College of Business Administration at Northeastern University.	Institute for Global Innovation Management	2002
inception	Magenu was established in 2012 in response to increased reported incidences of child sexual abuse in Jewish communities in the New York City region.	Magenu	2012
inception	Zwiefalten Abbey (German: Kloster Zwiefalten, Abtei Zwiefalten or after 1750, Reichsabtei Zwiefalten) was a Benedictine monastery situated at Zwiefalten near Reutlingen in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.	Zwiefalten Abbey	1750
inception	In 2012, the joint firm was acquired by Springer Science+Business Media and is now known as Springer Vieweg Verlag.	Springer Vieweg Verlag	2012
inception	Nevafilm (Russian: Невафильм) is Russian production that was founded in 1992, a year after the dissolution of the Soviet Union.	Nevafilm	1992
inception	Erdély TV is a generalist television channel from Romania, launched in 2008.	Erdély TV	2008
inception	Somerset West was founded in 1822 on part of the historic farm, Vergelegen.	Somerset West	1822
inception	Eastmountainsouth is an American pop/rock band formed in 1999 composed of vocalists Kat Maslich-Bode and Peter Bradley Adams.	Eastmountainsouth	1999
inception	Phats & Small appeared on the scene in 1998 with ``Turn Around'', a track that featured sampled Toney Lee's ``Reach Up''.	Phats & Small	1998
inception	Nanjing Hongshan Forest Zoo was founded in 1998 by combining the former Xuanwu Lake Zoo and Hongshan Park.	Nanjing Hongshan Forest Zoo	1998
inception	Burden of Grief is a melodic death metal band that was formed in late summer 1994.	Burden of Grief	1994
inception	Liquid Blue is an American indie pop rock band formed in San Diego, California in 1996 by Scott Stephens & Michael Vangerov.	Liquid Blue	1996
inception	Mercy Beyond Borders was founded in 2008 by Sister Marilyn Lacey in response to the United Nations'' Millennium Development Goals.	Mercy Beyond Borders	2008
inception	The University of Bern (German: Universität Bern, French: Université de Berne, Latin: Universitas Bernensis) is a university in the Swiss capital of Bern and was founded in 1834.	University of Bern	1834
inception	The Dravidian University, Kuppam, Chittoor district, Andhra Pradesh, India was established by the Government of Andhra Pradesh, through a Legislature Act (No. 17 of 1997) with the initial support extended by the governments of Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Kerala for an integrated development of Dravidian languages and culture.	Dravidian University	1997
inception	Yorkville Sound began in 1963 in the back room of Long & McQuade, a music store on Yonge Street at the edge of the Yorkville neighborhood across the termination of Yorkville Avenue.	Yorkville Sound	1963
inception	Al Tahrir TV Channel (Arabic قناة التحرير ) is a privately owned Egyptian television channel that was launched in February 2011 following the 2011 Egyptian Revolution.	Al Tahrir TV Channel	2011
inception	The Belarusian Central Council or the Belarusian Central Rada (Belarusian: Беларуская Цэнтральная Рада, Biełaruskaja Centralnaja Rada; German: Weißruthenischer Zentralrat) was a pro-Nazi semi-government of Belarus in 1943--44.	Belarusian Central Council	1943
inception	Plant Delights Nursery was established in 1988 by plantsman Tony Avent and currently operates on the 28-acre campus of Juniper Level Botanic Gardens.	Plant Delights Nursery	1988
inception	Amazon Watch is a nonprofit organization Founded in 1996, and based in Oakland, California, it works to protect the rainforest and advance the rights of indigenous peoples in the Amazon Basin.	Amazon Watch	1996
inception	Perceptive Pixel, Inc. was founded in 2006 by Jeff Han, who publicly demonstrated multi-touch hardware and software technology at the TED conference earlier that year.	Perceptive Pixel	2006
inception	The Nikon D80 is a digital single-lens reflex camera model announced by Nikon on August 9, 2006.	Nikon D80	2006
inception	The 204th Air Brigade was formed on 15 November 2006 formed as successor of 204th fighter aviation regiment of ex Yugoslav air force.	204th Air Brigade	2006
inception	Svartsot is a Danish folk metal band formed in 2005 in Randers.	Svartsot	2005
inception	Ashes You Leave is a Croatian metal band formed in 1995 who is currently signed to Rock 'n' Growl Records.	Ashes You Leave	1995
inception	Square Roots (previously called the Folk & Roots Festival) is a two- to three-day music festival that has been held each summer in the Lincoln Square neighborhood in Chicago since 1998.	Square Roots	1998
inception	Opera Cleveland was Cleveland, Ohio's professional opera company, operating from 2006 to 2010 following a merger between two existing opera companies: the New Cleveland Opera Company (dba Cleveland Opera, which operated from 1976 to 2006), and the area's other professional opera company, Lyric Opera Cleveland.	Opera Cleveland	2006
inception	Established in 2000 and launched in 2001, annually, the scheme creates approximately 140 Clarendon Scholarships, formerly referred to as Clarendon Fund Bursaries, to university graduates from around the world, who demonstrate academic excellence and potential across all subject areas.	Clarendon Fund	2001
inception	Opel Performance Center (OPC) is a division of the German automobile manufacturer Opel, initially set up as a subsidiary in 1997.	Opel Performance Center	1997
inception	Plesetsk Cosmodrome (Russian: Космодром ``Плесецк''), a Russian spaceport located in Mirny, Arkhangelsk Oblast, about 800 km north of Moscow and approximately 200 km south of Arkhangelsk, dates from 1957.	Plesetsk Cosmodrome	1957
inception	Klara continuo was launched on Sunday, February 29, 2004 as the successor to the hitherto mainly experimental channel DAB Classic, then the first digital radio network of the VRT.	Klara continuo	2004
inception	The Skitzos formed in north east Calgary in 2004.	The Skitzos	2004
inception	Formed in 2001 by brothers Logan (born July 15) and Justin (born May 6) Baren, The Redwalls were originally a British Invasion-inspired cover band dubbed The Pages.	The Redwalls	2001
inception	Verisign was founded in 1995 as a spin-off of the RSA Security certification services business.	Verisign	1995
inception	The Northern Rivers Vaccination Supporters (NRVS) is a vaccination advocacy group formed in 2013 by community members concerned about extremely low vaccination rates in the Northern Rivers region of the Australian state of New South Wales.	Northern Rivers Vaccination Supporters (NRVS)	2013
inception	Cronian is a progressive/avant-garde metal band from Norway and Sweden founded in 2004 by Øystein Brun and Andreas Hedlund, also known as Vintersorg.	Cronian	2004
inception	Scream Silence is a German gothic rock/alternative rock band that was founded 1998 in Berlin.	Scream Silence	1998
inception	The Kasanje Kingdom, also known as the Jaga Kingdom, (1620--1910) was a pre-colonial Central African state.	Kasanje Kingdom	1620
inception	Secora is Norwegian government enterprise created in 2005 to perform construction work on water transport infrastructure, both sea lanes and ports.	Secora	2005
inception	The list of Swedish champions (1973--87) and winners of the Damallsvenskan (1988--present):	Damallsvenskan	1988
inception	The Bruce Dawe National Poetry Prize is an annual poetry prize endowed by Australian poet Bruce Dawe in 1999.	Bruce Dawe National Poetry Prize	1999
inception	Runaway GO are a Northern Irish indie pop band formed in 2011.	Runaway GO	2011
inception	Lo-Fidelity Records is a record label founded in 2002 by Jeffrey Kotthoff Based in North Aurora, Illinois, Lo-Fidelity specializes in limited edition releases, special edition reissues, and DVDs for artists.	Lo-Fidelity Records	2002
inception	Youth United (earlier known as Youth 360) was founded in 2006, with Society welfare in view, by Jyotindra Nath, then a student of Panjab University, Chandigarh, India.	Youth United	2006
inception	Festival Place is a shopping centre in Basingstoke, Hampshire, England which opened on Tuesday, 22 October 2002.	Festival Place	2002
inception	The Extrasolar Planets Encyclopaedia is an astronomy website, founded in Paris, France at the Meudon Observatory by Jean Schneider in February 1995, which maintains a database of all the currently known and candidate extrasolar planets, with individual ``note'' pages for each planet and a full list interactive catalog spreadsheet.	Extrasolar Planets Encyclopaedia	February 1995
inception	Tashkent Architectural Building Institute was organized by the Decree of the President of the Republic of Uzbekistan (№ 400, May 6, 1991) as part of Tashkent State Technical University.	Tashkent Architectural Building Institute	1991
inception	The Air and Space Campaign Medal (ASCM) is an award of the United States Air Force which was first created on April 24, 2002 by order of Secretary of the Air Force James G. Roche.	Air and Space Campaign Medal	2002
inception	The Hershey FC joined the National Premier Soccer League (NPSL), considered the fourth tier of the American soccer pyramid and roughly equal to the USL Premier Development League (PDL), to begin play in the 2013 season.	Hershey FC	2013
inception	CHCO-TV launched on March 13, 1993 on Fundy Cable in St. Andrews as the local community access channel.	CHCO-TV	1993
inception	The Repše cabinet was the government of Latvia from 7 November 2002 to 9 March 2004 when the government announced a resignation.	Repše cabinet	2002
inception	Los Tres recorded nine albums during their first period, from 1989 until 2000, starting with Los Tres: a jazz/folk/rock blending, in 1991.	Los Tres	1989
inception	Children's Grand Park Station was opened on October 11, 1996 as part of the original part of Line 7 which ran from Jangam Station to Konkuk University Station.	Children's Grand Park Station	1996
inception	Finnish Aviation Academy was established 1964 in Helsinki by Finnair.	Finnish Aviation Academy	1964
inception	In 1998, Jeremy Giambi won the first ever Pacific Coast League Rookie of the Year Award.	Pacific Coast League Rookie of the Year Award	1998
inception	Switch 3 is an Australian band that began in the Australian Capital Territory in late 2002.	Switch 3	2002
inception	Pailhead released the single ``I Will Refuse'' / ``No Bunny'' (released in both 7`` and 12'' formats) in 1987 and the 4-song EP Trait in 1988, both on the Wax Trax! record label.	Pailhead	1987
inception	In March 2005 Thunder Rail came into existence, utilizing former Providence and Worcester Railroad M-420R(W) locomotive #2004.	Thunder Rail	2005
inception	Disney XD was launched on February 13, 2009 at 12:00 a.m. Eastern Time, with the Phineas and Ferb episode ``Dude, We're Getting the Band Back Together!'' as its first program.	Disney XD	2009
inception	ONERA was created in 1946 as ``Office National d’Études et de Recherches Aéronautiques''.	ONERA	1946
inception	The International Blind Sports Federation (IBSA) is a nonprofit organization founded 1981 in Paris, France.	International Blind Sports Federation	1981
inception	XL Cola was introduced by Falcon Brewery in 1985, including the slogan ``Extra Large Taste'', as a competitor for the Swedish customers of Coca-Cola who didn't like the New Coke.	XL Cola	1985
inception	The Samarkand Oblast (Russian: Самаркандская область) was an oblast (province) of the Russian Empire between 1868 and 1924.	Samarkand Oblast	1868
inception	Fhána (stylized as fhána) is a four-member Japanese pop band that formed in 2012 as an indie band.	Fhána	2012
inception	The Golden Link College was established in 2002 as Golden Link School at the request of community members in Camarin, Caloocan City, where the Theosophical Order of Service had established a pre-school called TOS Learning Center.	Golden Link College	2002
inception	It was founded in 1993 as the Association of Venezuelan Phonograph Producers, and adopted its current name in 1993.	Association of Venezuelan Phonograph Producers	1993
inception	The Pulitzer Prize for Beat Reporting was presented from 1991 to 2006 for a distinguished example of beat reporting characterized by sustained and knowledgeable coverage of a particular subject or activity.	Pulitzer Prize for Beat Reporting	1991
inception	Doll Squad is an American alternative rock band formed in Seattle, Washington in 1987 by Mara Dralle (lead vocals) and Helen Halloran (vocals, rhythm guitar) and originally active until 1989.	Doll Squad	1987
inception	Project Compass is a UK charity which was set up in 2003.	Project Compass	2003
inception	EDward Gaming first entered the professional League of Legends scene in September 2013.	EDward Gaming	2013
inception	The Financial Access Initiative (FAI) is an American consortium, established in 2006, of researchers at New York University (NYU), Yale University, Harvard University and Innovations for Poverty Action (IPA) focused on finding answers to how financial sectors can better meet the needs of poor households.	Financial Access Initiative	2006
inception	Noori (Urdu:نوری, literal English translation: ``light'') is a rock band from Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan, formed in 1996.	Noori	1996
inception	Windlight Studios was a computer animation and visual effects company established in 1993, and based in Minneapolis, Minnesota.	Windlight Studios	1993
inception	The American Craft Council (ACC), was founded in 1943 as a national, nonprofit, educational organization to support and foster interest in the crafts in America.	American Craft Council	1943
inception	On December 1, 2004, the network rebranded as Universal HD, shifting its focus towards library content from the NBCUniversal television networks.	Universal HD	2004
inception	Health Insurance Innovations was founded in 2008 by Michael W. Kosloske, who serves as its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.	Health Insurance Innovations	2008
inception	The Canara Bank Bangalore Open was a professional women's tennis tournament held in Bangalore, Karnataka, India from 2003 through to 2008.	Bangalore Open	2003
inception	Brioche Dorée is a French chain of Bakery/Café restaurants founded in 1976 and originally started in Brest.	Brioche Dorée	1976
inception	Team Consulting was founded in 1986 and began as a general product development and engineering consultancy before focusing on the medical sector in the early 1990s.	Team Consulting	1986
inception	The Square Festival is an annual music festival held in Borth, Ceredigion, Mid Wales, which was set up in 2005 as a small festival for the small seaside village.	The Square Festival	2005
inception	In February 2003, Venture Technologies signed a joint sales agreement (JSA) with Freedom Communications, then-owner of CBS affiliate WRGB (channel 6); this allowed WNYA to operate from WRGB's studios in Niskayuna.	WNYA	2003
inception	By 1996 this was made a division of the Jernbaneverket, the newly created track operator, with the name BaneTele.	BaneTele	1996
inception	It is based in Washington, D.C. The Group of Thirty was founded in 1978 by Geoffrey Bell at the initiative of the Rockefeller Foundation, which also provided initial funding for the body.	Group of Thirty	1978
inception	Prof. Sayed Nurul Hasan College, established in 1994, is a general degree college in Murshidabad district.	Prof. Sayed Nurul Hasan College	1994
inception	Amely (2008--2011) was an American rock band from Orlando, Florida, formed in 2008.	Amely	2008
inception	The Ohio Collegiate Athletic Conference was a collegiate athletic conference affiliated with the United States Collegiate Athletic Association (USCAA) that began play as an athletic conference in 2009.	Ohio Collegiate Athletic Conference	2009
inception	Prithibi (Bengali: পৃথিবী) is a Bengali rock band officially formed in Kolkata, India in the year 2005.	Prithibi	2005
inception	Later, under the Landgraves of Hesse, the administrative areas were ruled from Hauneck Castle (now in ruins), out of which then came the community's name in 1971.	Hauneck	1971
inception	Televisora de Oriente, or TVO, is a Venezuelan private television channel founded in 1992.	Televisora de Oriente	1992
inception	Almavision Television began broadcasting on December 28, 2002 as VidaVision on channel 25 in Los Angeles, California.	Almavision	2002
inception	Iraqi International Law Group (IILG) was created in 2003 by Salem Chalabi and Marc Zell as ``the first international law firm'' based in Iraq.	Iraqi International Law Group	2003
inception	Malinta National High School is a school established in 1997 in Valenzuela City.	Malinta National High School	1997
inception	In the framework of municipal reform in Hesse, the hitherto self-governing communities of Bermbach, Esch, Niederems, Reichenbach, Steinfischbach and Wüstems merged in 1972 into today's greater community of Waldems.	Waldems	1972
inception	Castlefest is a medieval/fantasy festival in the Netherlands, held on the first weekend of August in the gardens of Castle Keukenhof in Lisse since 2005.	Castlefest	2005
inception	Created in 1982 as a collaborative effort between La Cineteca del Friuli in Gemona and the Cinemazero filmclub in Pordenone, the Giornate del Cinema Muto, aka Pordenone Silent Film Festival, has established itself as the leading international event dedicated to the preservation, diffusion, and study of the first thirty years of cinema.	Pordenone Silent Film Festival	1982
inception	Lanes Group was formed in Leeds in 1992 as a drain cleaning and repair specialist at which time they employed just five people.	Lanes Group	1992
inception	ST 2 Lettaz and Yung Clova met at the Boys & Girls Club in Athens, Alabama and in 1999 they formed the group later known as G-Side.	G-Side	1999
inception	Since being founded in 1985 as a business-district beautification organization, Trees Atlanta has planted and distributed over 100,000 shade trees.	Trees Atlanta	1985
inception	The Province of the Sudetenland (German: Provinz Sudetenland) was established on 29 October 1918 by former members of the Cisleithanian Imperial Council, the governing legislature of the crumbling Austro-Hungarian Empire.	Province of the Sudetenland	1918
inception	In July 1995 the ecumenically minded congregations left the Fellowship of Congregational Churches because of its conservative and non-ecumenical orientation and with other churches who had remained outside the Uniting Church including the Queensland Congregational Fellowship formed the Congregational Federation of Australia, now the Congregational Federation of Australia and New Zealand.	Congregational Federation	1995
inception	Strangers into Citizens was a political advocacy campaign from around February 2007 to May 2010 by the then Citizen Organising Foundation, also known as the London Citizens organisation, now defunct, having been merged into the Citizens UK organisation as separate local chapters.	Strangers into Citizens	February 2007
inception	Phallucy was once one of the most promising bands from Sacramento formed in 1987.	Phallucy	1987
inception	Thundersqueak Records is an independent record label that was founded in Blackpool, England in 2002 initially for the sole purpose of releasing records by the band Uncle Fester.	Thundersqueak Records	2002
inception	The Pontifical Bolivarian University (Spanish: Universidad Pontificia Bolivariana), also referred to as UPB, is a private university in Colombia with its main campus in Medellín, where it was founded in 1936.	Pontifical Bolivarian University	1936
inception	Vari-Prop, founded in 2004 by Larry Morgan, is an American manufacturer of composite propellers for homebuilt and light-sport aircraft.	Vari-Prop	2004
inception	Bachelor Girl was an Australian pop duo, formed in 1992 by Tania Doko as vocalist and James Roche as musician, producer and arranger.	Bachelor Girl	1992
inception	Scot FM began broadcasting on Friday 16 September 1994, after two weeks of test transmissions.	Scot FM	1994
inception	Arkham House is a publishing house specializing in weird fiction founded in Sauk City, Wisconsin in 1939 by August Derleth and Donald Wandrei to preserve in hardcover the best fiction of H. P. Lovecraft.	Arkham House	1939
inception	In 1993, the Center for Political and Social Studies Foundation (CEPS) was founded in Valencia, Spain by left-wing academics that were supporters of Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.	Center for Political and Social Studies Foundation	1993
inception	Khadir Mohideen Arts and Science College, commonly called Khadir Mohideen College is one of the oldest Minority colleges in Tamil Nadu, established in 1955.	Khadir Mohideen College	1955
inception	Oslo String Quartet was formed in 1991 by Geir Inge Lotsberg and Per Kristian Skalstad (violins), Are Sandbakken (viola), and Øystein Sonstad (cello).	Oslo String Quartet	1991
inception	The Dubai World Cup (Arabic:كأس دبي العالمي) is a Thoroughbred horse race held annually since 1996 and contested at the Meydan Racecourse (Arabic:ميدان) which in Arabic suggests a place where people congregate and compete, a sort of meeting point in the Emirate of Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Dubai World Cup	1996
inception	Alton Lane was founded in 2009 by Colin Hunter and Peyton Jenkins, graduates of the University of Virginia.	Alton Lane	2009
inception	In January 2012, Casablanca Records was relaunched as an electronic music imprint under Republic Records, as a reflection to the original label.	Casablanca Records	2012
inception	ABC Software is a computer and video game software distributor founded in 1991.	ABC Software	1991
inception	Zombies on Tha Turf (2009) Main Attrakionz Hip Hop (2009) Rackstylin' 101 (2010) Best Duo Ever:	Main Attrakionz	2010
inception	McKool Smith was founded in Dallas, Texas in 1991 by Chairman Mike McKool and Phil Smith.	McKool Smith	1991
inception	Central University was founded in 1874 on the present site of Eastern Kentucky University.	Eastern Kentucky University	1874
inception	Z Sculpt Entertainment is a two-person software company founded in 1996 by Zackary Black and Zack Morris.	Z Sculpt	1996
inception	One Bad Pig is a Christian punk and metal crossover band from Austin, Texas which formed in 1985.	One Bad Pig	1985
inception	Guildford Giants were formed in December 2008 and were based at Guildford RUFC.	Guildford Giants	2008
inception	Lucky Chicken Games is an American video game developer founded in 1998 by Jamie Ottilie, Matt Saia and Jonnathan Hilliard.	Lucky Chicken Games	1998
inception	Lancaster Laboratories was founded by Dr. Earl H. Hess in 1961 as a 2,500-square-foot (230 m2) lab with three employees, intending to provide analytical services to area agribusinesses and industries.	Lancaster Laboratories	1961
inception	Legally, the bank follows a mandate pursuant to the Central Bank of Samoa Act 1984, the Financial Institutions Act 1996 and the Money Laundering Prevention Act 2000.	Central Bank of Samoa	1984
inception	Mitchell Jessen and Associates is a consulting company founded in 2005, by psychologists and professional torturers James Mitchell and John ``Bruce'' Jessen with offices in Spokane and Virginia.	Mitchell Jessen and Associates	2005
inception	The Community of Sant'Egidio was founded in Rome in 1968 by a group of Roman high-school students led by Andrea Riccardi.	Community of Sant'Egidio	1968
inception	The Atomic Bomb Casualty Commission (ABCC) was a commission established in 1946 in accordance with a presidential directive from Harry S. Truman to the National Academy of Sciences-National Research Council to conduct investigations of the late effects of radiation among the atomic-bomb survivors in Hiroshima and Nagasaki.	Atomic Bomb Casualty Commission	1946
inception	FC SOYUZ-Gazprom Izhevsk (Russian: ФК ``СОЮЗ-Газпром'' Ижевск) was a Russian association football club from Izhevsk, founded in 1988 and playing on the professional level since 1991.	FC SOYUZ-Gazprom Izhevsk	1988
inception	On August 1, 1927, the uyezds were abolished and Novorzhevsky District was established, with the administrative center in the town of Novorzhev.	Novorzhevsky District	1927
inception	Hurricane Kids is a New Zealand pop band from Auckland, which formed in 2012.	Hurricane Kids	2012
inception	The Fellowship of Southern Writers is a literary organization founded in 1987 in Chattanooga, Tennessee by 21 Southern writers and other literary luminaries.	Fellowship of Southern Writers	1987
inception	Energo-Chromo-Kinese, also named ECK, is a pseudo-scientific and esoteric-oriented new religious movement founded in October 1987 in Villefranche-sur-Mer by Patrick Véret, a former acupuncturist and homeopath, and his wife Danielle Drouant, now Danielle Didier.	Energo-Chromo-Kinese	1987
inception	YesAsia (formerly AsiaCD) is an online retail company founded in 1998 that sells Asian entertainment products worldwide.	YesAsia	1998
inception	FC Neman Grodno (Belarusian: ФК Нёман Гродна, FK Nyoman Hrodna; Russian: ФК Неман Гродно) is a Belarusian football club from the city of Grodno, named after the Neman River and founded in 1964.	FC Neman Grodno	1964
inception	In 1995, the Glenwood School District and the former Glenwood High School in Pike County consolidated with that of nearby Amity in Clark County to form the Centerpoint School District, with a new high school campus located at old Rosboro.	Centerpoint School District	1995
inception	Ogle Design is a British design consultancy company, founded in 1954 by David Ogle, based in Letchworth, Hertfordshire.	Ogle Design	1954
inception	The Joan C. Edwards Charitable Foundation was created in 2006 upon the death of Joan C. Edwards, a well-known West Virginia-based philanthropist.	Joan C. Edwards Charitable Foundation	2006
inception	Founded in 1956 as a branch of the New Mexico College of Agriculture and Mechanical Arts, San Juan College became an independent community college following a county election in 1981.	San Juan College	1956
inception	The architectural firm of Greene and Greene was established in Pasadena in January 1894, eventually culminating with the designs of their ``ultimate bungalows'', such as the 1908 Gamble House in Pasadena, generally considered one of the finest examples of residential architecture in the United States.	Greene and Greene	January 1894
inception	Harmoney was founded in late 2013 by Neil Roberts who became CEO of the new company.	Harmoney	2013
inception	The Rent Is Too Damn High Party is a political party, primarily active in the state of New York, that has nominated candidates for mayor of New York City in 2005 and 2009, and for governor and senator in 2010.	Rent Is Too Damn High Party	2005
inception	In 2012, Saint Monica University came to birth, replacing the PTC, with the incorporation of the University in the State of Hawaii in the United States as a non-profit institution offering Bachelor's, Master's, and Doctoral programs.	Saint Monica University	2012
inception	Established in 1985 as part of the controversial Maranatha Campus Ministries, Champions for Christ (CFC) is an outreach to college and professional athletes.	Champions for Christ	1985
inception	The Kelly Cup has been awarded to teams since 1997.	Kelly Cup	1997
inception	Hundred Reasons are an English alternative rock band from Aldershot, Hampshire, formed in 1999.	Hundred Reasons	1999
inception	Kohs and his sister started the MyWikiBiz venture in July 2006, as a paid editing service, writing content for inclusion in Wikipedia and other community-edited sites.	MyWikiBiz	2006
inception	Women Thrive Worldwide formerly Women's Edge, is a nonpartisan coalition created in 1998 that advocates for international economic and human right policies that support women.	Women Thrive Worldwide	1998
inception	Props Inc, founded in 1985 by Jeff Bertuleit, is an American manufacturer of wooden propellers for homebuilt and ultralight aircraft.	Props Inc	1985
inception	The Arlington International Film Festival was founded in 2010 by April Ranck and Alberto Guzman, in the aim of exploring and promoting the cultural diversity through the lens of independent films in a wide range of topics and areas.	Arlington International Film Festival	2010
inception	Chocolate Overdose (initiated 1991 in Bergen, Norway) is a pop oriented rock band.	Chocolate Overdose	1991
inception	Galy Records is a Canadian independent record label based in Verdun, Quebec, founded by Eric Galy in 2002.	Galy Records	2002
inception	The Ring True Foundation was founded in 2001 by former NBA player Manute Bol.	Ring True Foundation	2001
inception	The BMA Branches of the Australian states and territories formally merged into the Australian Medical Association in 1962.	Australian Medical Association	1962
inception	The Devil's Blood was a Dutch occult rock band from Eindhoven, formed in 2006.	The Devil's Blood	2006
inception	KQSL debuted in 1990 as KFWU, under the ownership of California Oregon Broadcasting.	KQSL	1990
inception	The Ramsar Wetland Conservation Award was established in 1996 at the 6th Meeting of the Contracting Parties to the Ramsar Convention.	Ramsar Wetland Conservation Award	1996
inception	The Portrait of Adèle Besson is an oil painting in the Post-Impressionist style made by Auguste Renoir in 1918, representing the wife of George Besson.	Portrait of Adèle Besson	1918
inception	Ghostfest is an extreme metal and hardcore punk festival in Leeds, England that first took place at The Cockpit across two days in August 2005, returning in 2006.	Ghostfest	2005
inception	Ans. Andur is an Estonian indie rock band formed in 2002 in the city of Paide.	Ans. Andur	2002
inception	In 1853 Franz Saurer (1806--1882) from Veringenstadt in Germany established an iron foundry for household goods near the Swiss town of Sankt Gallen.	Saurer	1853
inception	The Hapu Party is a Māori political party in New Zealand was formed in August 2008.	Hapu Party	2008
inception	The Soldiers is a singing trio consisting of serving British Army soldiers, whose debut album, Coming Home, was released on 26 October 2009, and who have since continued their singing career whilst remaining full-time army personnel.	The Soldiers	2009
inception	Founded in 2004 by Evan Newman, who had left his post as Head of A&R/Media Relations at V2 Records Canada, The Baudelaire Label was named Best Toronto Record Label in Now Magazine in 2006.	The Baudelaire Label	2004
inception	The Suicide File was a short-lived American hardcore band from Boston, Massachusetts that formed in April 2001.	The Suicide File	2001
inception	Count the Stars was a four-piece pop punk band from Albany, New York that formed in 1995.	Count the Stars	1995
inception	Founded in 2006 as a spin-off by Gap Inc., Piperlime offered a selection of footwear and handbags for women, men and children.	Piperlime	2006
inception	The name Royal Air Maroc (RAM) was adopted on 28 June 1957, with the government of Morocco having a 67.73% stake.	Royal Air Maroc	1957
inception	Tracer AMC is a Northern-Irish post-rock band formed in Bangor, Northern Ireland in 1999.	Tracer AMC	1999
inception	The Electric Swing Circus first formed in June 2011.	The Electric Swing Circus	2011
inception	As part of this renaissance, the Ghosn brothers, assisted by French partners, established the Massaya winery in 1998, citing the historical potential of Lebanese terroir and a desire to revitalise both a traditional industry and an area that had suffered hugely during the civil war.	Massaya	1998
inception	Fostex, originally founded in July 1973, is now a division of Foster Electric Company, Ltd. Fostex, along with TASCAM, pioneered affordable multitrack recording equipment and was the first to offer an eight-track reel-to-reel multitrack that used affordable 1/4 inch tape.	Fostex	1973
inception	EEMBC, the Embedded Microprocessor Benchmark Consortium, is a non-profit organization formed in 1997 with the aim of developing performance benchmarks for the hardware and software used in embedded systems.	EEMBC	1997
inception	The Great Lakes Protection Fund is a publicly capitalized, private corporation created in 1989 by the Governors of the states surrounding the Great Lakes.	Great Lakes Protection Fund	1989
inception	Shwood Eyewear is an American brand of sunglasses and eyeglasses, it was founded in 2009 and is based in Portland, Oregon.	Shwood Eyewear	2009
inception	The National Association of Evangelicals (NAE) was formed by a group of 147 people who met in St. Louis, Missouri on April 7--9, 1942.	National Association of Evangelicals	1942
inception	Yıldız Technical University has a distinguished history that dates to 1911.	Yıldız Technical University	1911
inception	The Deák Ferenc Bilingual High School (Hungarian: Deák Ferenc Gimnázium) is a public, co-educational secondary school in Szeged, Hungary established in 1988.	Deák Ferenc Bilingual High School	1988
inception	Medicines for Malaria Venture (MMV), a not-for-profit public-private partnership, was established as a foundation in Switzerland in 1999.	Medicines for Malaria Venture	1999
inception	The Ciclo Cross de Iraeta is a cyclo-cross race held in Iraeta, Spain, which was held for the first time in 2007.	Ciclo Cross de Iraeta	2007
inception	The name ``Retrospect Ensemble'' was adopted in May 2009 by the trustees for the musical charity then known as ``The King's Consort'', which had been set up by Robert King in 1992.	Retrospect Ensemble	2009
inception	The Psychs are a 60s/Surf/Pop band formed in 2010 in Auckland, New Zealand.	The Psychs	2010
inception	The Army of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina (Bosnian, Croatian: Vojska Federacije Bosne i Hercegovine) was the military of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina created after the 1995 Dayton Agreement.	Army of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina	1995
inception	The Active Training and Education Trust was established in 1996, to revive the work and the expertise of Colony Holidays.	Active Training and Education Trust	1996
inception	Hugo Treffner Gymnasium was founded by Hugo Treffner on 7 December 1883.	Hugo Treffner Gymnasium	1883
inception	Founded in 1983 as Televerket Kabel-TV as part of the former state-owned Televerket, the company has been successively named Svenska Kabel-TV AB and Telia InfoMedia TeleVision AB, before becoming 'Com Hem' (a play on the Swedish phrase Kom hem, ``come home'').	Com Hem	1983
inception	On February 4, 2008, KSEX was shut down.	KSEX	2008
inception	The Main Drag originally began as a collaboration between Arrigo and Levitt in early 2003.	The Main Drag	2003
inception	The Debel Gallery was opened in 1973 in Jerusalem, when the city was a pilgrimage center for curators, journalists and art enthusiasts.	Debel Gallery	1973
inception	Founded in 2013 by Right Click Capital general partners Benjamin Chong, Ari Klinger and serial angel investor, Garry Visontay, the inaugural Sydney Seed Fund seeks to invest $100,000 in 20 companies.	Sydney Seed Fund	2013
inception	First Comics was an American comic-book publisher that was active from 1983 to 1991, known for titles like American Flagg!, Grimjack, Nexus, Badger, Dreadstar, and Jon Sable.	First Comics	1983
inception	Charles W. Flanagan High School opened its doors in 1996 as the first public high school in Pembroke Pines, Florida.	Charles W. Flanagan High School	1996
inception	Founded by former Fresh Express founder and CEO Bruce Taylor in 1995 with the goal of becoming ``America's Favorite Salad Maker,'' Taylor Farms currently ranks as the world's largest producer of fresh-cut vegetables.	Taylor Farms	1995
inception	Between 1990 and 2002 when Boynton High School continuation students attended what was then Blackford High School.	Boynton High School	2002
inception	Stock contractor Terry Williams and Texas businessman Joel Logan founded Championship Bull Riding (CBR) in 2002.	Championship Bull Riding	2002
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Midas Schoolhouse, located on Second St., two blocks east of Main St., in Midas, Nevada, was a historic schoolhouse that was built in 1928.	Midas Schoolhouse	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bluebird Theater in Denver, Colorado was designed by Harry W.J. Edbrooke and built during 1913--1914 as Thompson Theater.	Bluebird Theater	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Athens Municipal Airport is a city-owned public-use UNICOM airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southeast of the central business district of Athens, in Henderson County, Texas, United States.	Athens Municipal Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lower Chattahoochee Regional Airport (FAA LID: 25J) is a county owned, public use airport located four nautical miles (5 mi, 7 km) southwest of the central business district of Cuthbert, a city in Randolph County, Georgia, United States.	Lower Chattahoochee Regional Airport	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kitoi Bay Seaplane Base (IATA: KKB, FAA LID: KKB) is a public use seaplane base owned by the Alaska Department of Fish and Game and located in Kitoi Bay, in the Kodiak Island Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Kitoi Bay Seaplane Base	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neza-e Sofla (Persian: نزاع سفلي‎, also Romanized as Nezā``-e Soflá) is a village in Mishan Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Neza-e Sofla	Mishan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Souk El Arbaa (Arabic: سوق الاربعاء‎) is a town in Kénitra Province, Gharb-Chrarda-Béni Hssen, Morocco.	Souk El Arbaa	Kénitra Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Moscow Metro (Russian: Моско́вский метрополите́н, tr. Moskovsky metropoliten; IPA: (mɐˈskofskʲɪj mʲɪtrəpəlʲɪˈtɛn)) is a rapid transit system serving Moscow, Russia and the neighbouring Moscow Oblast towns of Krasnogorsk, Reutov and Kotelniki.	Moscow Metro	Reutov
located in the administrative territorial entity	Debach is a small village about four miles northwest of Woodbridge, Suffolk, UK.	Debach	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cégep de Chicoutimi is a French-language general and professional educational college (CEGEP) located in the Chicoutimi borough of Saguenay, Quebec, Canada.	Cégep de Chicoutimi	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edward King House, is a monumentally scaled residence at 35 King street in Newport, Rhode Island.	Edward King House	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mittelbiberach is a village in the district of Biberach.	Mittelbiberach	Biberach
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRXL is the regional Rock/Classic rock radio station in the Kirksville, Missouri area.	KRXL	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henry D. Clayton House, in Clayton, Alabama, was the birthplace and childhood home of Henry De Lamar Clayton, Jr., a legislator and judge.	Henry D. Clayton House	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dillard High School is a historic public high school located in Fort Lauderdale of Broward County, Florida.	Dillard High School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pierre Grey's Lakes Provincial Park is a provincial park in Alberta, Canada, located 37 km (23 mi) east of Grande Cache, on the north side of the Bighorn Highway.	Pierre Grey's Lakes Provincial Park	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vigrestad Station (Norwegian: Vigrestad stasjon) is a railway station located at Vigrestad in Hå, Norway on Sørland Line.	Vigrestad Station	Hå
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Francisco Law School is a private, non-profit law school in San Francisco, California.	San Francisco Law School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sela pri Ratežu (pronounced (ˈseːla pɾi ˈɾaːtɛʒu)) is a settlement in the hills east of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia.	Sela pri Ratežu	Novo Mesto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bullock Pen Lake, located between Boone County and Grant County in Kentucky, is a 134 acres (54 ha) reservoir constructed in 1963 by the damming of Bullock Pen Creek.	Bullock Pen Lake	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ballandean Pyramid is a stone pyramid near the small village of Ballandean, Queensland, Australia.	Ballandean Pyramid	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Armadillo Technical Institute is a small public charter school in Phoenix, Oregon, United States.	Armadillo Technical Institute	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shepherd Brooks Estate is an historic property at 275 Grove Street in Medford, Massachusetts.	Shepherd Brooks Estate	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Helsinki Airport or Helsinki-Vantaa Airport (IATA: HEL, ICAO: EFHK; Finnish: Helsinki-Vantaan lentoasema, Swedish: Helsingfors-Vanda flygplats) is the main international airport of the Helsinki metropolitan region and the whole of Finland with about 16 million passengers annually.	Helsinki Airport	Vantaa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fremantle Oval originally known as Barracks Green Field is a stadium in the centre of Fremantle, Western Australia.	Fremantle Oval	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aligah (Persian: عليگه‎, also Romanized as ``Alīgah) is a village in Nabovat Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 196, in 36 families.	Aligah	Nabovat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanberis is a village in Gwynedd, northwest Wales, on the southern bank of the lake Llyn Padarn and at the foot of Snowdon, the highest mountain in Wales.	Llanberis	Gwynedd	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liaoyang (simplified Chinese: 辽阳; traditional Chinese: 遼陽; pinyin: Liáoyáng) is a prefecture-level city of east-central Liaoning province, People's Republic of China, situated on the T'ai-tzu River and, together with Anshan, forms a metro area of 2,057,200 inhabitants in 2010.	Liaoyang	Liaoning
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Koka Booth Amphitheatre is a performing arts amphitheatre in Cary, North Carolina, USA.	Koka Booth Amphitheatre	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hills Memorial Library is the former public library of Hudson, New Hampshire in the United States.	Hills Memorial Library	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Since 1975 Eversberg has been part of the city of Meschede.	Eversberg	Meschede
located in the administrative territorial entity	Columbus Alternative High School is a public high school located on the north side of Columbus, Ohio.	Columbus Alternative High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint-André-de-Sangonis (Sant Andrieu de Sangònis in Occitan) is a commune in the Hérault department in the Languedoc-Roussillon region in southern France.	Saint-André-de-Sangonis	Hérault
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cham Karim (Persian: چم كريم‎, also Romanized as Cham Karīm and Cham-e Karīm; also known as Chamkārī) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Cham Karim	Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huwyl is a hamlet of Hochdorf in the Lucerne canton in Switzerland.	Huwyl	Hochdorf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avinurme Parish is a rural municipality of Ida-Viru County in northern Estonia.	Avinurme Parish	Ida-Viru County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loose Pulley Junction is a fictional populated place and railroad station along the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad (MILW) main line near Rock River in Stillman Valley, Ogle County, Illinois, US.	Loose Pulley Junction	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Übersyren or Uebersyren (Luxembourgish: Iwwersiren) is a small town in the commune of Schuttrange, in southern Luxembourg.	Übersyren	Schuttrange
located in the administrative territorial entity	Job's Temple is a historic Methodist church building located near Glenville, Gilmer County, West Virginia.	Job's Temple	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thorington is a village and a civil parish in the hundred of Blything, in the Suffolk Coastal District of the English county of Suffolk.	Thorington	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dongtai (simplified Chinese: 东台; traditional Chinese: 東台; pinyin: Dōngtái) is a coastal county-level city under the administration of Yancheng, Jiangsu province, China.	Dongtai	Yancheng
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yung Shue Wan (Chinese: 榕樹灣, Banyan Bay) is the main population centre on Lamma Island, Hong Kong.	Yung Shue Wan	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheykh Ebrahim Bazar Arab Zehi (Persian: شيخ ابراهيم بازارعربزهي‎, also Romanized as Sheykh Ebrāhīm Bāzār ʿArab Zehī; also known as Sheykh Bāzār) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Sheykh Ebrahim Bazar Arab Zehi	Polan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vaskeresztes(German: Großdorf) is a village in Vas County, Hungary.	Vaskeresztes	Vas County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tan Dabin (Persian: تن دبين‎, also Romanized as Tan Dabīn; also known as Nāvān-e Bālā and Tan Davīn) is a village in Kuhestani-ye Talesh Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Tan Dabin	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Lantau New Town (Chinese: 北大嶼山新市鎮), built on reclaimed land on the northern coast of the Lantau Island in the New Territories, Hong Kong, is the newest of the nine new towns in Hong Kong.	North Lantau New Town	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint-Idesbald is a village at the Belgian West Coast, part of Koksijde, which also includes Oostduinkerke.	Saint-Idesbald	Koksijde
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kąty-Wielgi (ˈkɔntɨ ˈvjɛlɡi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strachówka, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kąty-Wielgi	Gmina Strachówka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Laramie Plains is an arid highland at an elevation of approx. 8,000 feet (2,400 m) in south central Wyoming in the United States.	Laramie Plains	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siah Khulak (Persian: سياه خولك‎, also Romanized as Sīāh Khūlak; also known as Sīāh Khalak) is a village in Somam Rural District, Rankuh District, Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Siah Khulak	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kejok is a village in the Sangsangyu block of the Tuensang district, Nagaland, India.	Kejok	Nagaland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Słubice County (Polish: powiat słubicki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lubusz Voivodeship, western Poland, on the German border.	Słubice County	Lubusz Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Compadre Academy (formerly Compadre High School) is a high school in the Tempe Union High School District in Tempe, Arizona.	Compadre Academy	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mehtar Ahmad (Persian: مهتراحمد‎, also Romanized as Mehtar Aḩmad; also known as Mahtarābād and Meytaramad) is a village in Mishu-e Jonubi Rural District, Sufian District, Shabestar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mehtar Ahmad	Mishu-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Anselmo Creek is an eastward flowing stream that begins on the eastern flank of Pine Mountain in the Marin Hills of Marin County, California.	San Anselmo Creek	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Góry Mokre (ˈɡurɨ ˈmɔkrɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przedbórz, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Góry Mokre	Gmina Przedbórz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ecopa Arena is a multi-purpose indoor arena in Fukuroi, Japan.	Ecopa Arena	Fukuroi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Granite Wash Mountains are a short, arid, low elevation mountain range of western-central Arizona, in the southeast of La Paz County.	Granite Wash Mountains	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abkhvareh (Persian: ابخواره‎, also Romanized as Ābkhvāreh and Āb Khvāreh; also known as Abkhāra, Ābkhāreh, Avkhara, and Avkhāreh) is a village in Sina Rural District, in the Central District of Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Abkhvareh	Sina Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palmer State Park is a largely undeveloped Maryland state park located in Harford County.	Palmer State Park	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bedworth is a market town in the Borough of Nuneaton and Bedworth, Warwickshire, England.	Bedworth	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mir Shadi (Persian: ميرشادي‎, also Romanized as Mīr Shādī) is a village in Golzar Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mir Shadi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Byler Road is the oldest public road in Alabama still in use today.	Byler Road	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Almeirim (Portuguese pronunciation: (ɐɫmɐjˈɾĩ)) is a city and a municipality in Santarém District, Portugal.	Almeirim	Santarém District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Zuleh (Persian: دره زوله‎, also Romanized as Darreh Zūleh, Darreh-ye Zūleh, and Darreh Zūlleh) is a village in Japelaq-e Gharbi Rural District, Japelaq District, Azna County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Zuleh	Japelaq-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clarendon Way is a recreational footpath in Hampshire and Wiltshire, England.	Clarendon Way	Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Trumpington bed burial is an early Anglo-Saxon burial of a young woman, dating to the mid-7th century, that was excavated in Trumpington, Cambridgeshire, England in 2011.	Trumpington bed burial	Trumpington, Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajji Mahmud (Persian: حاجي محمود‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Maḩmūd) is a village in Yurchi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Kuraim District, Nir County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Hajji Mahmud	Yurchi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wild Horse Range is a mountain range in Elko County, Nevada, United States, northwest of the Owyhee River's Wild Horse Reservoir.	Wild Horse Range	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grabowczyk (ɡraˈbɔft͡ʂɨk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowiec, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Grabowczyk	Gmina Grabowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chuncheon (Hangul: 춘천; hanja: 春川市; RR: Chuncheon-si) is the capital of Gangwon Province, South Korea.	Chuncheon	Gangwon Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varkuh (Persian: وركوه‎, also Romanized as Varkūh) is a village in Chelo Rural District, Chelo District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Varkuh	Chelo Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yazdan-e Mahallah (Persian: يزدان محله‎, also Romanized as Yazdān-e Maḩallah) is a village in Chaharkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Kordkuy County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Yazdan-e Mahallah	Chaharkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The London Borough of Hillingdon ( pronunciation ) is the westernmost borough in Greater London, England which had a population of 273,936 according to the 2011 Census.	London Borough of Hillingdon	Greater London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dacula High School is a high school in Dacula, Georgia serving students in grades 9--12.	Dacula High School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maternity Hospital, also known as Ripley Memorial Hospital and currently known as Ripley Gardens, is a former hospital building in the Harrison neighborhood of Minneapolis, Minnesota.	Ripley Memorial Hospital	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cannock Chase (grid reference SK000165) is a mixed area of countryside in the county of Staffordshire, England.	Cannock Chase	Staffordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bayshore Town Center (formerly called Bayshore Mall) is a shopping mall/mixed use retail complex in Glendale, Wisconsin (suburban Milwaukee, Wisconsin) that is anchored by Barnes & Noble, Boston Store, and Kohl's.	Bayshore Town Center	Glendale
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heping Road connects Wanhua District to Zhongshan District in its East and Da'an District to Xinyi District in its Western segment.	Heping Road	Da'an District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Summit Hotel, also known as the Summit Inn Resort, is a historic hotel complex and national historic district located at North Union Township and South Union Township, Fayette County, Pennsylvania.	Summit Hotel	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wissahickon High School is the sole public high school of the Wissahickon School District, and is located in Ambler, Pennsylvania.	Wissahickon High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Interstate 705 (abbreviated I-705, also known as the Tacoma Spur) is a short Interstate Highway spur route of Interstate 5 located entirely within Tacoma, Pierce, Washington, United States.	Interstate 705	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Staveley Street (Chinese: 士他花利街; pinyin: Shìtāhuālì Jiē; Cantonese Yale: si6 ta1 fa1 lei6 gaai1) is a street in Central on the Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong.	Staveley Street	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The official name Gjende is taken from the Gudbrandsdal traditional district dialect used in Lom and Vågå.	Gjende	Vågå
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Janzur Museum (also known as the Janzour Museum) is a museum located in Janzur, Libya.	Janzour Museum	Janzur
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Erlacherhof is a town mansion on the Junkerngasse No. 47 in the Old City of Bern, only a few steps away from the Béatrice-von-Wattenwyl-Haus.	Erlacherhof	Bern
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Knox Mine disaster was a mining accident on January 22, 1959, that is widely credited with single-handedly killing the mining industry in the Northern Anthracite Region of Pennsylvania.	Knox Mine disaster	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Žiljevo (Serbian Cyrillic: Жиљево) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Žiljevo	Nevesinje
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gavineh Rud (Persian: گاوينه رود‎, also Romanized as Gāvīneh Rūd; also known as Kavan Rūd and Kāvīneh Rūd) is a village in Barvanan-e Sharqi Rural District, Torkamanchay District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gavineh Rud	Barvanan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Broad Street Market, founded in 1860, is located in the Midtown neighborhood of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania in the United States.	Broad Street Market	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podamirowo (pɔdamiˈrɔvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Będzino, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Podamirowo	Gmina Będzino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Okeechobee Waterway is a man-made waterway stretching across Florida from Fort Myers on the west coast to Stuart on the east coast of Florida.	Okeechobee Waterway	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zangeneh-ye Sofla (Persian: زنگنه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Zangeneh-ye Soflá; also known as Zangeneh and Zangeneh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Kamazan-e Olya Rural District, Zand District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Zangeneh-ye Sofla	Kamazan-e Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarn Taran district (Punjabi:ਤਰਨ ਤਾਰਨ ਜ਼ਿਲਾ) is one of the districts in the state of Punjab in North-West Republic of India.	Tarn Taran district	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lighthouse Beach is a small section of the Fire Island National Seashore that is adjacent to Robert Moses State Park on New York's Long Island.	Lighthouse Beach	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bavlinsky District (Russian: Бавлинский райо́н; Tatar: Баулы районы) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the forty-three in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia.	Bavlinsky District	Republic of Tatarstan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Shobali (Persian: مزرعه شبلي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Shobalī) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District, Shavur District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 217, in 24 families.	Mazraeh-ye Shobali	Ahudasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Foy Provincial Park is a provincial park on Round Lake, Ontario.	Foy Provincial Park	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tišnov is a town in the Brno-Country District of the South Moravian Region, 22 km northwest of Brno, near the confluence of the Svratka and Loučka rivers.	Tišnov	Brno-Country District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hum ol Din (Persian: حوم الدين‎, also Romanized as Ḩūm ol Dīn and Ḩūm od Dīn; also known as Ḩāmedīn, Ḩām od Dīn, and Ḩūmedīn) is a village in Raviz Rural District, Koshkuiyeh District, Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hum ol Din	Koshkuiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chezacut is an unincorporated ranching settlement and former post office in the Chilcotin District of the Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada.	Chezacut	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buldir Volcano is an inactive stratovolcano located on Buldir Island in the Aleutian Islands of Alaska, once described as ``the westernmost volcanic center of the present Pleistocene to Recent Aleutian volcanic front.''	Buldir Volcano	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bremer Marktplatz (Bremen Market Square) is a square situated in the centre of the Hanseatic City of Bremen, Germany.	Bremer Marktplatz	Bremen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charles E. Roberts Stable is a renovated former barn in the Chicago suburb of Oak Park, Illinois, United States.	Charles E. Roberts Stable	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hartest is a small village in the Babergh district of the English county of Suffolk.	Hartest	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pain Tamushal (Persian: پائين تموشل‎, also Romanized as Pā’īn Tamūshal; also known as Pāeenmaḩalleh-ye Tamūshal) is a village in Ahandan Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pain Tamushal	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arroyo Dolores (Spanish for Our Lady of Sorrow Creek) is a river in San Francisco, California that has been largely culverted.	Arroyo Dolores	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shotoriyeh (Persian: شتريه‎, also Romanized as Shotorīyeh; also known as Shotorgah) is a village in Farmahin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Shotoriyeh	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Portage Glacier Highway, or Portage Glacier Road, is a highway located in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Portage Glacier Highway	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zarabad District (Persian: بخش زرآباد‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Zarabad District	Sistan and Baluchestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eastern Hancock High School is a Public High School located just north of Charlottesville, Indiana, United States.	Eastern Hancock High School	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sunset State Beach is a beach approximately 1.5 miles (2.5 km) long, near Watsonville, California in Santa Cruz County.	Sunset State Beach	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bacon Hotel, also known as the Sunrise Hotel, is a historic hotel building at the southeast corner of Railroad and Homestead Roads in Whitehall, Arkansas.	Bacon Hotel	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carei (Romanian pronunciation: (kaˈrej); Hungarian: Nagykároly, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈnɒckaːroj); German: Grosskarol/Großkarl; Yiddish: קראלי (Krole or Kruli)‎, Turkish: Karolvar) is a city in Satu Mare County, northwestern Romania, near the border with Hungary.	Carei	Satu Mare County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rabaul is a township in East New Britain province, on the island of New Britain, in the country of Papua New Guinea.	Rabaul	East New Britain
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rockingham County Botanical Garden was a 10-acre (4 ha) botanical garden at 113B North Road, Brentwood, New Hampshire, USA.	Rockingham County Botanical Garden	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galleria Retail Technology Solutions, also referred to as Galleria or Galleria-rts, is a company based in Staffordshire, United Kingdom with operations in the United States based in Dublin-Pleasonton, California and Chicago, Illinois.	Galleria Retail Technology Solutions	United Kingdom
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faceby is a small village and civil parish in the Hambleton district of North Yorkshire, England.	Faceby	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taham Rural District (Persian: دهستان تهم‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Taham Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tri-County Technical College is a 2-year, community college located in Pendleton, South Carolina.	Tri-County Technical College	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Van Hoosear Wildflower Preserve is a private nature reserve on Carriger Creek in southern Sonoma County, California, USA.	Van Hoosear Wildflower Preserve	Sonoma County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New York Eye and Ear Infirmary of Mount Sinai, located at East 14th Street and Second Avenue in lower Manhattan, New York City, is one of the most prominent otolaryngology and ophthalmology hospitals in the world, providing primary inpatient and outpatient care in those specialties.	New York Eye and Ear Infirmary	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osted is a town with a population of 2,157 (1 January 2015) in Lejre Municipality, Region Zealand, Denmark.	Osted	Lejre Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ladies Delight Light is a small lighthouse on Lake Cobbosseecontee, Maine, United States.	Ladies Delight Light	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh-ye Fathali (Persian: بنه فتحعلي‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye Fatḥʿalī) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Boneh-ye Fathali	Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	KBSO (94.7 FM, ``Texas Radio 94.7'') is a radio station broadcasting a Texas country music format.	KBSO	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Choghabur-e Kaki (Persian: چغابوركاكي‎, also Romanized as Choghābūr-e Kākī; also known as Choqābūr-e Kākī) is a village in Gurani Rural District, Gahvareh District, Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Choghabur-e Kaki	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clophill is a small village and civil parish located in the Flit river valley, Bedfordshire, England.	Clophill	Bedfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gold Star Memorial Bridge is a pair of steel truss bridges that carries both Interstate 95 and U.S. Route 1 across the Thames River between New London, Connecticut, US and Groton, Connecticut.	Gold Star Memorial Bridge	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Terres (German: Ters, Ladin: Tères) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) northwest of Trento.	Terres	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frans Loenenhofje is a hofje in Haarlem, Netherlands, on the Witte Heren straat.	Frans Loenenhofje	Haarlem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Äkäslompolo (ˈækæslɔmpɔlo) is a village in the municipality of Kolari in the Finnish part of Lapland.	Äkäslompolo	Kolari
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skihist Mountain, also sometimes referred to as Skihist Peak, is the highest mountain in the Cantilever Range and in southwestern British Columbia, Canada.	Skihist Mountain	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kezabcheh (Persian: كذابچه‎, also Romanized as Kez̄ābcheh; also known as Gazīcheh, Jalālābād, Kadābcheh, Kaẕẕābcheh, and Keāzā Bcheh) is a village in Aqda Rural District, Aqda District, Ardakan County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Kezabcheh	Aqda Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marvast District (Persian: بخش مروست‎)) is a district (bakhsh) in Khatam County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Marvast District	Yazd Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Le Don Hilton or La Cauminne à Marie Best is an 18th-century guard house and powder magazine that sits on the seawall besides Le Chemin de L’Ouzière, in Saint Peter, Jersey.	Le Don Hilton	Saint Peter
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Linneman Building was a historic commercial building in Lima, Ohio, United States.	Linneman Building	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Martock is a large village and civil parish in Somerset, England, situated on the edge of the Somerset Levels 7 miles (11.3 km) north west of Yeovil in the South Somerset district.	Martock	South Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fresno City Hall is a Post-modern, Futurism structure in Fresno, California.	Fresno City Hall	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	McNary ARNG Field Heliport (FAA LID: 4OR1), is a military heliport located two miles (3 km) southeast of the city of Salem in Marion County, Oregon, USA.	McNary ARNG Field Heliport	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ciebłowice Duże (t͡ɕɛbwɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈduʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Mazowiecki, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Ciebłowice Duże	Gmina Tomaszów Mazowiecki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grądy Polewne (ˈɡrɔndɨ pɔˈlɛvnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rząśnik, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Grądy Polewne	Gmina Rząśnik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wildcat Glades Conservation and Audubon Center is a nature center located in a protected area in Joplin, Missouri.	Wildcat Glades Conservation and Audubon Center	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eastman Terrace is a historic rowhouse block located at Poughkeepsie, Dutchess County, New York.	Eastman Terrace	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garm Sar (Persian: گرمسر‎) is a village in Sheykh Neshin Rural District, Shanderman District, Masal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Garm Sar	Sheykh Neshin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ximenez-Fatio House Museum is one of the best-preserved and most authentic Second Spanish Period (1783-1821) residential buildings in St. Augustine, Florida.	Ximenez-Fatio House	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Kramsko (ˈstarɛ ˈkramskɔ) (German: Krammensee) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babimost, within Zielona Góra County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Stare Kramsko	Gmina Babimost
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Aldwell was a reservoir located about 4.9 miles (7.9 km) from the mouth of the Elwha River on the Olympic Peninsula in the state of Washington.	Lake Aldwell	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bokinka Pańska (bɔˈkʲiŋka ˈpaɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczna, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Bokinka Pańska	Gmina Tuczna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cushman Village Historic District is a historic district encompassing a portion of the Cushman Village area of Amherst, Massachusetts, which was a significant mill village during the 19th century.	Cushman Village Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Great Western Schoolhouse was built in 1870 along the then-developing National Road, west of St. Clairsville, Ohio.	Great Western Schoolhouse	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbott Drive is a roadway in Omaha, Nebraska, and Carter Lake, Iowa.	Abbott Drive	Nebraska	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Astral Apartments is a historic apartment building located in Greenpoint, Brooklyn, New York, New York.	Astral Apartments	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ray's Splash Planet (often referred to as Ray's) is a Mecklenburg County, North Carolina funded water park located in Charlotte, North Carolina, United States.	Ray's Splash Planet	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Encampment River Wilderness is a designated wilderness area located in south central Wyoming in the United States.	Encampment River Wilderness	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oberkorn (Luxembourgish: Uewerkuer) is a town in the commune of Differdange in south-western Luxembourg.	Oberkorn	Differdange
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Bazdid (Persian: كلاته بازديد‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Bāzdīd) is a village in Mud Rural District, Mud District, Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Bazdid	Mud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colne Estuary is a 2915 hectare biological and geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near Brightlingsea in Essex.	Colne Estuary	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ua Huka is one of the Marquesas Islands, in French Polynesia, an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean.	Ua Huka	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cow Palace (originally the California State Livestock Pavilion) is an indoor arena located in Daly City, California, situated on the city's border with neighboring San Francisco.	Cow Palace	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Artsvanik (Armenian: Արծվանիկ, formerly, Yeritsvanik, Yeritsvank'', Yertsu Vank'', Karmir Vank'', Yerets'', Yerets and Yeretsvanik) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Artsvanik	Syunik Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East Delaware Tunnel is a 25-mile (40 km) aqueduct in the Catskill Mountains of New York State.	East Delaware Tunnel	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Notre Dame-Immaculate Conception School was a private, Roman Catholic elementary school in Easthampton, Massachusetts, located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts.	Notre Dame-Immaculate Conception School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colfax Avenue is the main street that runs east-west through the Denver-Aurora metropolitan area in Colorado.	Colfax Avenue	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahmad Mowla (Persian: احمدمولا‎, also Romanized as Aḩmad Mowlā; also known as Sheykh Aḩmad) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District, in the Central District of Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ahmad Mowla	Hoseynabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elurupadu (Telugu) is a small village in the Kalla mandal of West Godavari district in Andhra Pradesh, India.	Elurupadu	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	WMUB is a public radio station licensed to Miami University, in Oxford, Ohio, USA.	WMUB	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Academy of Notre Dame de Namur High School is a private Roman Catholic college preparatory school for girls in Villanova, Pennsylvania.	Academy of Notre Dame de Namur	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiberg (Kven: Kiiperi) is a village in Vardø Municipality in eastern Finnmark county, Norway.	Kiberg	Vardø
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sachgan-e Olya (Persian: سچگان عليا‎, also Romanized as Sachgān-e ``Olyā) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District, Golgir District, Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 71, in 12 families.	Sachgan-e Olya	Tolbozan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Zahir (Persian: ده ظهير‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Ẕahīr) is a village in Eslamiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Zahir	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fürstenberg-Geisingen was a county in southern Baden-Württemberg, Germany during the Middle Ages.	Fürstenberg-Geisingen	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sable Falls is a waterfall located on Sable Creek in the easternmost portion of the Pictured Rocks National Lakeshore in Alger County, Michigan.	Sable Falls	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keswick Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Sacramento River about 2 miles (3.2 km) northwest of Redding, California.	Keswick Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laplandiya (Russian: Лапла́ндия) is a rural locality (a railway station) in administrative jurisdiction of Olenegorsk Town with Jurisdictional Territory in Murmansk Oblast, Russia, located beyond the Arctic Circle on the Kola Peninsula at a height of 148 meters (486 ft) above sea level.	Laplandiya	Olenegorsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wędrogów (vɛnˈdrɔɡuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wędrogów	Gmina Kowiesy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Issyk-Kul Region (Kyrgyz: Ысык-Көл областы) is one of the regions of Kyrgyzstan.	Issyk-Kul Region	Kyrgyzstan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ilo Province is one of three provinces that make up the Moquegua Region in Peru.	Ilo Province	Moquegua Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bilton Grange is a preparatory school located in Dunchurch, near Rugby, Warwickshire.	Bilton Grange	Dunchurch
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Piano Row District is a historic district encompassing two blocks of buildings facing Boston Common at the corner of Tremont Street and Boylston Street in Boston, Massachusetts.	Piano Row District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talekstan (Persian: تلكستان‎‎, also Romanized as Taleḵstān) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Talekstan	Sepiddasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bald River is a river located in Monroe County, Tennessee in the Cherokee National Forest.	Bald River	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peninsula College is an open-access, comprehensive community college located in Port Angeles, Washington, on the Olympic Peninsula.	Peninsula College	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kottathur is a settlement in Ayroor village situated on the eastern part of Ayroor Village of Pathanamthitta district in Kerala state, India.	Kottathur	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barrancas National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located at Naval Air Station Pensacola, in the city of Pensacola, Florida.	Barrancas National Cemetery	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhagan Bigha is a village near Bihar Sharif, in the Nalanda district of Bihar state, India.	Bhagan Bigha	Bihar	Nalanda district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crantock (Cornish: Lanngorrow) is a coastal civil parish and a village in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Crantock	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fucheng County (simplified Chinese: 阜城县; traditional Chinese: 阜城縣; pinyin: Fùchéng Xiàn) is a county in Hengshui, Hebei province, China.	Fucheng County	Hengshui
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuleh Sar (Persian: توله سر‎, also Romanized as Tūleh Sar) is a village in Jennat Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Tuleh Sar	Jennat Rudbar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Springfield United Methodist Church (formerly Springfield Methodist) was established in 1954 in the Washington, DC suburb of Springfield, Virginia.	Springfield United Methodist Church	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khomartaj (Persian: خمارتاج‎, also Romanized as Khomārtāj; also known as Khomārtāsh) is a village in Harasam Rural District, Homeyl District, Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Khomartaj	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thorpe Audlin is a hamlet and civil parish in the City of Wakefield in West Yorkshire, England.	Thorpe Audlin	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	International Drive, commonly known as I-Drive, is a major 11.1-mile (17.9 km) thoroughfare in Orlando, Florida, United States, and is the city's main tourist strip.	International Drive	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Maynard and Edith Hamlin Dixon House and Studio is a residence and former painting studio in Mount Carmel, Utah.	Maynard and Edith Hamlin Dixon House and Studio	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kameshkan (Persian: كامشكان‎, also Romanized as Kāmeshkān, Kāmeshgān, and Kāmeskān; also known as Kameshan and Kāshgān) is a village in Hesar-e Valiyeasr Rural District, Avaj District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Kameshkan	Hesar-e Valiyeasr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Endellion (Cornish: Sen Endelyn) is a civil parish and village in north Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	St Endellion	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boundary Creek Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada located northeast of the city of Grand Forks in that province's Boundary Country, adjacent to BC Highway 3.	Boundary Creek Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milewo Zabielne (miˈlɛvɔ zaˈbjɛlnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Milewo Zabielne	Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chhuchhakwas is a village in Jhajjar district of Haryana state, India, having pincode 124106.	Chhuchhakwas	Jhajjar district	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yeshiva Torah Temimah is an Orthodox yeshiva with branches in Brooklyn, New York and Lakewood, New Jersey that was founded and is run by Rabbi Lipa Margulies.	Yeshiva Torah Temimah	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	R.Pudupalayam (Tamil: இரா. புதுப்பாளையம் ) is a village panchayat near Rasipuram municipal corporation in Namakkal district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	R.Pudupalayam	Namakkal district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	WRRX (106.1 FM) is an urban adult contemporary music formatted radio station in the Pensacola, Florida, market owned by Cumulus Media.	WRRX	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Loren Andrus Octagon House, also known as Washington Octagon House, is an historic octagonal house located at 57500 Van Dyke Street just north of 26 Mile Road in Washington Township, Macomb County, Michigan.	Loren Andrus Octagon House	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Le V is a hotel and apartment complex in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Le V	Montreal
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ronald Reagan Trail is a collection of highways in central Illinois that connect villages and cities that were of importance to former United States President Ronald Reagan.	Ronald Reagan Trail	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Salón de Reinos (Hall of the Kingdoms) or salón grande (great hall) is a wing of the Buen Retiro Palace in Madrid.	Salón de Reinos	Madrid
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masha-ye 6 Posht Kuh Do Sari (Persian: مشاع 6پشت كوه دوساري‎, also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye 6 Posht Kūh Do Sārī) is a village in Garmsar Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Masha-ye 6 Posht Kuh Do Sari	Garmsar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abu Tarbeh (Persian: ابوتربه‎, also Romanized as Abū Tarbeh; also known as Abū Taryeh and Bātarbeh) is a village in Bagh Safa Rural District, Sarchehan District, Bavanat County, Fars Province, Iran.	Abu Tarbeh	Bagh Safa Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tianhe-2 or TH-2 (Chinese: 天河-2; pinyin: tiānhé-èr; literally: ``Heavenriver-2'', that is, ``Milky Way 2'') is a 33.86-petaflop supercomputer located in National Supercomputer Center in Guangzhou.	Tianhe-2	Guangzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shakhmelu (Persian: شخملو‎, also Romanized as Shakhmelū; also known as Sheykhlū) is a village in Mulan Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shakhmelu	Mulan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belchalwell is a small village in the civil parish of Okeford Fitzpaine in the Blackmore Vale, North Dorset, England.	Belchalwell	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sutro Heights Park is historic public park in the Outer Richmond District of western San Francisco, California.	Sutro Heights Park	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nachar-e Pain (Persian: ناچارپائين‎, also Romanized as Nāchār-e Pā’īn; also known as Nāchār and Rangīnū) is a village in Asir Rural District, Asir District, Mohr County, Fars Province, Iran.	Nachar-e Pain	Asir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Disney's Paradise Pier Hotel is a resort hotel located at the Disneyland Resort in Anaheim, California, owned by The Walt Disney Company and operated through its Parks and Resorts division.	Disney's Paradise Pier Hotel	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woźniki-Paklewy (vɔʑˈniki paˈklɛvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Woźniki-Paklewy	Gmina Radzanowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kord-e Shami (Persian: كردشامي‎, also Romanized as Kord-e Shāmī and Kard Shāmī; also known as Kord-e Shāhī) is a village in Dowrahan Rural District, Gandoman District, Borujen County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Kord-e Shami	Dowrahan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coltishall is a village (population 1,405) on the River Bure, west of Wroxham, in the English county of Norfolk, within the Norfolk Broads.	Coltishall	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eutin Castle (German: Eutiner Schloss) in Eutin in the north German district of Ostholstein is the cultural centre and nucleus of the town and, together with Gottorf and Glücksburg Castles, belongs to the most important courtly secular buildings in the state of Schleswig-Holstein.	Eutin Castle	Schleswig-Holstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bridgnorth is a town in Shropshire, England, situated on the Severn Valley.	Bridgnorth	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Binpur (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is part of No. 33 Jhargram (Lok Sabha constituency).	Binpur (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	Jhargram
located in the administrative territorial entity	Museumkwartier (Amsterdam) (the Museum Quarter) is a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, Netherlands, located in the borough of Amsterdam-Zuid.	Museumkwartier (Amsterdam)	Amsterdam-Zuid
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harris Academy Bermondsey is a secondary school located inside the London Borough of Southwark district of Bermondsey.	Harris Academy Bermondsey	London Borough of Southwark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smriječje (Serbian: Смрјечје) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Smriječje	Višegrad
located in the administrative territorial entity	The ECR Kooi Bridge is a bridge in Sheridan County, Wyoming, located 2.7 miles (4.3 km) west of the community of Monarch.	ECR Kooi Bridge	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Segersjö is a suburb of Tumba in Botkyrka Municipality, Stockholm County, southeastern Sweden.	Segersjö	Botkyrka Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Whistler Olympic Park is the location of the Nordic events facilities for the 2010 Winter Olympics and is located in the Madeley Creek basin in the Callaghan Valley, west of Whistler, British Columbia, Canada.	Whistler Olympic Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pasorkhi (Persian: پاسرخي‎, also Romanized as Pāsorkhī) is a village in Abnama Rural District, in the Central District of Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Pasorkhi	Abnama Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dhorka is a village in Gurgaon district and the eponymous tehsil in the Indian state of Haryana.	Dhorka	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Prince Arthur Hotel now known as The Prince Arthur Hotel and Suites is a hotel in Thunder Bay, Ontario.	Prince Arthur Hotel	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agh Barzeh (Persian: اغ برزه‎, also Romanized as Āgh Barzeh; and Āghbarzeh) is a village in Shenetal Rural District, Kuhsar District, Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Agh Barzeh	Shenetal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Biel Water is a river running through the Biel Estate in Biel, East Lothian.	Biel Water	East Lothian
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Historic Artcraft Theatre is a movie theater in Franklin, Indiana in the United States.	Artcraft Theatre	Franklin	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masumiyeh (Persian: معصوميه‎, also Romanized as Ma``şūmīyeh; also known as Shabeh and Shahveh) is a village in Masumiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,101, in 625 families.	Masumiyeh	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tadmur District (Arabic: منطقة تدمر, translit.: manṭiqat Tadmur) is a district of the Homs Governorate in central Syria.	Tadmur District	Homs Governorate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parkers Woods and Buttercup Valley Nature Preserve Located in the Northside neighborhood of Cincinnati, Ohio, Parkers Woods and Buttercup Valley Nature Preserve form a contiguous green space of approximately 89 acres connected by natural hiking trails.	Parkers Woods and Buttercup Valley Nature Preserve	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masendar (Persian: ماسندر‎, also Romanized as Māsendar) is a village in Palanganeh Rural District, in the Central District of Javanrud County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Masendar	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pioneer and Endicott Buildings are two office buildings located in downtown Saint Paul, Minnesota.	Pioneer and Endicott Buildings	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Retén is a town and municipality of the Magdalena Department in northern Colombia.	El Retén	Magdalena Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sacred Heart Cathedral Preparatory, commonly known as SHC, or SH, is a Catholic school located in the Cathedral Hill neighborhood of San Francisco, California.	Sacred Heart Cathedral Preparatory	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wheeler Ridge Interchange includes the only truck bypass in Kern County.	Wheeler Ridge Interchange	Kern County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cervaro is a town and comune (municipality) in the Province of Frosinone in the Italian region Lazio.	Cervaro	Province of Frosinone
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barezil (Persian: بارزيل‎, also Romanized as Bārezīl; also known as Bāzerīl) is a village in Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Barezil	Dasht Rural District	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobiesław-Kolonia (dɔˈbjɛswaf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Darłowo, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Dobiesław-Kolonia	Gmina Darłowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wydanka (vɨˈdaŋka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziszów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wydanka	Gmina Sędziszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bottle Island (Scottish Gaelic: Eilean a' Bhotail) is one of the Summer Isles in Loch Broom, Scotland.	Bottle Island	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stroh Center is a 4,387-seat multi-purpose arena on the campus of Bowling Green State University in Bowling Green, Ohio, United States, that opened in September 2011.	Stroh Center	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horsemonger Lane Gaol (also known as the Surrey County Gaol or the New Gaol) was a prison close to present-day Newington Causeway in Southwark, south London.	Horsemonger Lane Gaol	Southwark
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Horse Mesa Dam is a concrete thin arch dam located in the Superstition Mountains, northeast of Phoenix in Maricopa County, Arizona.	Horse Mesa Dam	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahmud Hoseyn (Persian: محمودحسين‎, also Romanized as Maḩmūd Ḩoseyn) is a village in Sakhvid Rural District, Nir District, Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Mahmud Hoseyn	Sakhvid Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barrack Street is one of two major cross-streets in the central business district of Perth, Western Australia.	Barrack Street	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sovata (Romanian pronunciation: (soˈvata); Hungarian: Szováta; Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈsovaːtɒ)) is a town in Mureş County, central Romania.	Sovata	Mureş County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fielding Garr Ranch is a ranch located on the southeastern portion of Antelope Island State Park in the Great Salt Lake, Utah, United States and is part of the Utah State Parks system.	Fielding Garr Ranch	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alacalufes National Reserve (Spanish: Reserva Nacional Alacalufes) is located between Canal Concepción and Strait of Magellan in Chile.	Alacalufes National Reserve	Chile
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Main Sawmill, now known as Ledyard Up-Down Sawmill, is located on Iron Street in Ledyard, Connecticut.	Main Sawmill	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crigler Mound Group is an important archaeological site in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Missouri.	Crigler Mound Group	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Temple Terrace Golf and Country Club is an historic golf course and country club in Temple Terrace, Florida.	Temple Terrace Golf and Country Club	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montour Wildlife Management Area at 1,100 acres (4.5 km2) is an Idaho wildlife management area in Gem County near Emmett along the Payette River.	Montour Wildlife Management Area	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Schenectady Armory is located on Washington Avenue in the city of the same name in the U.S. state of New York.	Schenectady Armory	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gjemselund Stadion is a football stadium in Kongsvinger, Norway and the home ground of Kongsvinger Idrettslag.	Gjemselund Stadion	Kongsvinger
located in the administrative territorial entity	Negwegon State Park is an undeveloped state park in Alpena County and Alcona County, Michigan, just southeast of the unincorporated community of Ossineke.	Negwegon State Park	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Horse Heaven Hills AVA is an American Viticultural Area in southeastern Washington, and is part of the larger Columbia Valley AVA.	Horse Heaven Hills AVA	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Noble County Sheriff's House and Jail in Albion, Indiana was built in 1875 by Thomas J. Tolan and Son, Architects of Fort Wayne, Indiana.	Noble County Sheriff's House and Jail	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niedźwiada-Kolonia (ɲed͡ʑˈvjada kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niedźwiada, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Niedźwiada-Kolonia	Gmina Niedźwiada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jazdowice (jazdɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słaboszów, within Miechów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Jazdowice	Gmina Słaboszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sihori also known as Shihori is a village in Banaskantha district in the state of Gujarat, India.	Sihori	Banaskantha district	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Basilica of Our Lady of Guadalupe (Spanish: Basílica de Nuestra Señora de Guadalupe) is a Roman Catholic church, basilica and National shrine of Mexico in the north of Mexico City.	Basilica of Our Lady of Guadalupe	Mexico City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poti (Georgian: ფოთი; Mingrelian: ფუთი; Laz: ჶაში/Faşi; formerly known to the Turks as Faş) is a port city in Georgia, located on the eastern Black Sea coast in the region of Samegrelo-Zemo Svaneti in the west of the country.	Poti	Samegrelo-Zemo Svaneti
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jefferson Park Transit Center is an intermodal passenger transport center, in the Jefferson Park neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois.	Jefferson Park Transit Center	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sickte is a municipality in the district of Wolfenbüttel, in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Sickte	Wolfenbüttel
located in the administrative territorial entity	CKUJ-FM is a community radio station that broadcasts on the frequency 97.3 FM in Kuujjuaq, Quebec, Canada.	CKUJ-FM	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Quequechan River is a river in Fall River, Massachusetts, that flows in a northwesterly direction from the northwest corner of the South Watuppa Pond through the heart of the city of Fall River and into to the end of the Taunton River at Mount Hope Bay at Heritage State Park/Battleship Cove.	Quequechan River	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirzanaq (Persian: ميرزانق‎, also Romanized as Mīrzānaq; also known as Mīrrānaq) is a village in Minabad Rural District, Anbaran District, Namin County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Mirzanaq	Minabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oxford Bar is a public house situated on Young Street, in the New Town of Edinburgh, Scotland.	The Oxford Bar	Edinburgh	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yantacaw Brook is a tributary of the Third River in the township of Montclair, Essex County, New Jersey in the United States.	Yantacaw Brook	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hamilton and Alexandra College is an independent, private non-profit, co-educational day and boarding school located in Hamilton, Victoria, Australia.	Hamilton and Alexandra College	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dumuria is a village and a Gaon Panchayat in Barpeta district in the Indian state of Assam.	Dumuria	Barpeta district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Columbia Gorge Community College is a two-year public college in The Dalles, Oregon, United States on the Columbia River in The Columbia River Gorge.	Columbia Gorge Community College	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Everton Genealogy Collection was a noncirculating collection of genealogy and local history items that was part of the Logan Library in Logan, Utah.	Everton Genealogy Collection	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Galter Pavilion is a skyscraper hospital building in Chicago, Illinois, USA.	Galter Pavilion	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bazha (Chinese: 巴扎乡) is a village and township in Bainang County, in the Shigatse prefecture-level city of the Tibet Autonomous Region of China.	Bazha	Bainang County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tangancícuaro is a municipio (municipality) in the Mexican state of Michoacán, western Mexico.	Tangancícuaro	Michoacán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Genanlu-ye Hasan Soltanlu (Persian: گنانلوحسن سلطان لو‎, also Romanized as Genānlū Ḩasan Solṭānlū; also known as Genānlū, Ghenānlū, and Gonānlū) is a village in Keyvan Rural District, in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Genanlu-ye Hasan Soltanlu	Keyvan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Concord International Centre is a supertall skyscraper under construction in Chongqing, China.	Concord International Centre	Chongqing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Felbrigg is a small village just south of Cromer in Norfolk, England.	Felbrigg	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Basra Governorate (Arabic: محافظة البصرة‎‎ Muḥāfaẓa al-Baṣra) (or Basra Province) is a governorate in southern Iraq, bordering Kuwait to the south and Iran to the east.	Basra Governorate	Iraq
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyszembork (vɨˈʂɛmbɔrk) (German Weißenburg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrągowo, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wyszembork	Gmina Mrągowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beyram Rural District (Persian: دهستان بيرم‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Beyram District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Beyram Rural District	Beyram District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruzieck (ˈruʑet͡sk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnosielc, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ruzieck	Gmina Krasnosielc
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przymiłowice-Podgrabie (pʂɨmiwɔˈvit͡sɛ pɔdˈɡrabjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztyn, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Przymiłowice-Podgrabie	Gmina Olsztyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upper Rissington is a village and civil parish in the Cotswold district of Gloucestershire, England, located about two-and-a-half miles east of Bourton-on-the-Water.	Upper Rissington	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	With the new arrangement of the administrative districts the municipality Alfdorf came to the Rems-Murr-Kreis and therefore to Stuttgart Region.	Alfdorf	Rems-Murr
located in the administrative territorial entity	Higher Tolcarne is a hamlet in Cornwall, England).	Higher Tolcarne	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Daniel Aldrich Cottage and Sawmill is a historic property at 364 Aldrich Street in Uxbridge, Massachusetts.	Daniel Aldrich Cottage and Sawmill	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Port Hope (Peter's Field) Aerodrome (TC LID: CPH3) is an aerodrome located 6 nautical miles (11 km; 6.9 mi) west of Port Hope, Ontario, Canada.	Port Hope (Peter's Field) Aerodrome	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	WWRA, AKA Radio Amor, is a Spanish language Christian music station aimed at the growing Spanish speaking community around Baton Rouge,Louisiana.	WWRA	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kadampara is a village situated on a river island in the Cuttack district, in the state of Odisha, India.	Kadampara	Odisha
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sholden is a quiet village near Deal towards Sandwich in Kent, South East England.	Sholden	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammad Alilu (Persian: محمد عليلو‎, also Romanized as Moḩammad ʿAlīlū; also known as Yūzqūyī) is a village in Garamduz Rural District, Garamduz District, Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mohammad Alilu	Garamduz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banarud (Persian: بنارود‎, also Romanized as Banārūd; also known as Banārī and Banaru) is a village in Darram Rural District, in the Central District of Tarom County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Banarud	Darram Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naval Outlying Field Coupeville (ICAO: KNRA, FAA LID: NRA) is a military airport located two miles (3 km) southeast of Coupeville, Washington, in Island County.	Naval Outlying Field Coupeville	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fanore (Irish: Fánóir, Fán Óir, meaning ``the golden slope'') is a small village in County Clare, on the west coast of Ireland.	Fanore	County Clare
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mah Gardi (Persian: مه گردي‎, also Romanized as Mah Gardī) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District, Sarfaryab District, Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Mah Gardi	Sarfaryab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salim Sheykh (Persian: سليم شيخ‎, also Romanized as Salīm Sheykh) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq-e Olya Rural District, Kolijan Rostaq District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Salim Sheykh	Kolijan Rostaq-e Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Luce County Sheriff's House and Jail was originally built as a correctional facility and government building at 411 West Harrie Street in Newberry, Michigan, United States.	Luce County Sheriff's House and Jail	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Centerville High School is a public school of secondary education for grades 9--12 located in Centerville, Ohio, situated ten miles south of Dayton.	Centerville High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wrangell Island is in the Alexander Archipelago in the Alaska Panhandle of southeastern Alaska.	Wrangell Island	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kenyatta International Convention Centre (KICC) is a 28-story building located in Nairobi, Kenya.	Kenyatta International Convention Centre	Nairobi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bad Bertrich is an Ortsgemeinde -- a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality -- in the Cochem-Zell district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Bad Bertrich	Cochem-Zell
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shanghai Pardeh (Persian: شانگهاي پرده‎, also Romanized as Shānghāī Pardeh) is a village in Licharegi-ye Hasan Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar-e Anzali County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Shanghai Pardeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Worcester Park is a suburban town in southwest London, covering both the extreme north-west of the London Borough of Sutton in Greater London (east of the railway line that runs through the area) and the northernmost part of the Borough of Epsom and Ewell in Surrey (west of the railway).	Worcester Park	London Borough of Sutton	Epsom and Ewell
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siu Lek Yuen Nullah (Chinese: 小瀝源渠) is one of the nullahs of the Shing Mun River in Siu Lek Yuen, Hong Kong.	Siu Lek Yuen Nullah	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ojcowa Wola (ɔi̯ˈt͡sɔva ˈvɔla) (German: Vaterswille) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młynary, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Ojcowa Wola	Gmina Młynary
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palcheqli (Persian: پالچقلي‎, also Romanized as Pālcheqlī; also known as Pālcheqlī Āqlar) is a village in Palizan Rural District, in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Palcheqli	Palizan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harman's Cross is a small village on the Isle of Purbeck, in the county of Dorset in the south of England.	Harman's Cross	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Emma Willard School, originally called Troy Female Seminary and often referred to simply as ``Emma,'' is an independent university-preparatory day and boarding school for young women, located in Troy, New York on Mount Ida, offering grades 9-12 and postgraduate coursework.	Emma Willard School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qabed (Persian: قبد‎, also Romanized as Qobeyd) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qabed	Rivand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	George Andrews Reserve is an Australian soccer ground in Dandenong, a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria.	George Andrews Reserve	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Surom (Persian: سورم‎, also Romanized as Sūrom) is a village in Gurab Zarmikh Rural District, Mirza Kuchek Janghli District, Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Surom	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The City of Warwick was a local government area administering the regional centre of Warwick in the Darling Downs region of Queensland.	City of Warwick	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Storke Tower is the tallest steel/cement structure in Santa Barbara County.	Storke Tower	Santa Barbara County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Champion Lakes Regatta Centre (generally referred to as Champion Lakes) is a man-made aquatic sporting facility south of Perth, Western Australia in the suburb of Champion Lakes.	Champion Lakes Regatta Centre	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zawdzka Wola (ˈzaft͡ska ˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łasin, within Grudziądz County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Zawdzka Wola	Gmina Łasin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hawker's Hut is a historic hut at Morwenstow, Cornwall originally built by the eccentric clergyman, poet and antiquarian, Robert Stephen Hawker (1803 -- 1875), close to Higher Sharpnose Point.	Hawker's Hut	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	125 London Wall, also known as Alban Gate, is a postmodernist building on London Wall in the City of London.	125 London Wall	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marriott Rivercenter is a hotel located in San Antonio, Texas, USA.	Marriott Rivercenter	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Margaret Pattens is a Church of England church in the City of London, located on Eastcheap near the Monument.	St Margaret Pattens	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Cooke, near Jarrahdale, Western Australia, is the highest point on the Darling Scarp at 582 metres (1,909 ft).	Mount Cooke	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Athletics Stadium is a former minor league baseball stadium located in Tulsa, Oklahoma.	Athletics Stadium	Tulsa
located in the administrative territorial entity	CHRC-FM 92.5 FM is a radio station serving Clarence-Rockland, Ontario, Canada, which broadcasts an adult contemporary format on the frequency of 92.5 MHz/FM.	CHRC-FM	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baba Hesari (Persian: باباحصاري‎, also Romanized as Bābā Ḩeşārī) is a village in Pish Khowr Rural District, Pish Khowr District, Famenin County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Baba Hesari	Pish Khowr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dowiaty (dɔˈvjatɨ) (German: Dowiaten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budry, within Węgorzewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Dowiaty	Gmina Budry
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kurowo-Parcele (kuˈrɔvɔ parˈt͡sɛlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baruchowo, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kurowo-Parcele	Gmina Baruchowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The College View Historic District is a national historic district located north of East Carolina University at Greenville, Pitt County, North Carolina.	College View Historic District	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Kian (Persian: ده كيان‎, also Romanized as Deh Kīān; also known as Kīān and Kīyān) is a village in Dehdez Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Deh Kian	Dehdez Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wisbech St Mary is a small village, 2 miles (3 km) west of the town of Wisbech in Cambridgeshire, England.	Wisbech St Mary	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	WONY is a campus radio station based out of Oneonta, New York, USA, on the campus of the State University of New York at Oneonta.	WONY	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pike's Peak Grange No. 163 is an historic Grange hall located at 3093 N. State Highway 83 in Franktown, Colorado.	Pike's Peak Grange No. 163	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Parkway Playhouse, located in Burnsville, North Carolina, is the oldest continually operating summer theater in North Carolina.	Parkway Playhouse	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aghutman (Persian: اغوتمان‎, also Romanized as Āghūtmān) is a village in Il Gavark Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aghutman	Il Gavark Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Bunnell State Bank Building (also known as the Citizens Bank of Bunnell) is a historic site in Bunnell, Florida, located between 101 through 107 North Bay Street.	Old Bunnell State Bank Building	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yazdgerd (Persian: يزدگرد‎, also Romanized as Yazdejerd, Yazdegerd, and Yazjerd) is a village in Silakhor Rural District, Silakhor District, Dorud County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Yazdgerd	Silakhor Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nzérékoré Region is a region in the southern part of Guinea.	Nzérékoré Region	Guinea
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarsuy-e Sofla (Persian: سرسوي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Sarsūy-e Soflá; also known as Sarsū Pā’īn, Sarsū Soflá, Sarsū-yeh Pā'īn, and Sarsū-ye Soflá) is a village in Abidar Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Sarsuy-e Sofla	Abidar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harashi (Persian: هرشي‎, also Romanized as Harashī) is a village in Nashtifan Rural District, in the Central District of Khvaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Harashi	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Birch Creek Airport (IATA: KBC, FAA LID: Z91) is a state-owned, public-use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) north-northwest of the central business district of Birch Creek, in the Yukon-Koyukuk Census Area in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Birch Creek Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	First Evangelical Church of Albany (Albany Open Bible Standard Church) is a historic church at 1120 SW 12 Avenue in Albany, Oregon.	First Evangelical Church of Albany	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hendabad (Persian: هنداباد‎, also Romanized as Hendābād) is a village in Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hendabad	Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	King's College, Hong Kong (Chinese: 英皇書院), often informally referred to simply as King's or K.C., is a highly selective single-sex boys' secondary school located at 63A Bonham Road, Mid-levels, in the Central and Western District.	King's College, Hong Kong	Central and Western District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kleiner Jasmunder Bodden belongs to the North Rügen Bodden and is a water body on the southern edge of the Baltic Sea in the German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.	Kleiner Jasmunder Bodden	Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boryspil Raion (Ukrainian: Бориспільський район, translit.: Boryspil's'kyi raion) is an administrative raion (district) in east-central Kiev Oblast of Ukraine.	Boryspil Raion	Kiev Oblast	Ukraine
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Colle Falls Hydroelectric Dam is a partially complete hydroelectric dam built by the City of Prince Albert, Saskatchewan.	La Colle Falls Hydroelectric Dam	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sandbanks is a small peninsula or spit (1 km2 or 0.39 sq mi) crossing the mouth of Poole Harbour on the English Channel coast at Poole in Dorset, England.	Sandbanks	Poole
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalak Darmian Ali Aqanzari (Persian: كلك درميان علي اقانظري‎, also Romanized as Kalaḵ Darmīān ʿAlī Āqānẓarī) is a village in Afrineh Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kalak Darmian Ali Aqanzari	Afrineh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The villages of Great Urswick and Little Urswick, together called Urswick, are located in the Furness peninsula in Cumbria, England.	Urswick	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mychów (ˈmɨxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzechów, within Ostrowiec County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Mychów	Gmina Bodzechów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marais-Vernier (French pronunciation: ​(ma.ʁɛ vɛʁ.nje)) is a commune in the Eure department in Haute-Normandie in northern France.	Marais-Vernier	Eure
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eugene O'Neill Theatre is a Broadway theatre located at 230 West 49th Street in Midtown Manhattan.	Eugene O'Neill Theatre	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Babworth is a village and civil parish in the Bassetlaw district of Nottinghamshire, England, about 1½ miles west of Retford.	Babworth	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Akdeniz University Stadium (Turkish: Akdeniz Üniversitesi Stadyumu) is a multi-use stadium in Akdeniz University, Antalya, located at Mediterranean coast of Turkey.	Akdeniz University Stadium	Antalya
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jordan Landing is a master-planned development located in the center of West Jordan, Utah, adjacent to South Valley Regional Airport.	Jordan Landing	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grosscup Road Historic District is a national historic district located at Charleston, West Virginia.	Grosscup Road Historic District	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toad's Place is a concert venue and nightclub located in New Haven, Connecticut.	Toad's Place	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bartolino (bartɔˈlinɔ) (formerly German Bartlin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malechowo, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Bartolino	Gmina Malechowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sammy Miller Motorcycle Museum was set up in 1964, after the former championship winning trials rider Sammy Miller set up a parts business in New Milton, Hampshire, England.	Sammy Miller Motorcycle Museum	New Milton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halemi (Persian: حالمي‎, also Romanized as Hālemī) is a village in Khusf Rural District, Central District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Halemi	Khusf Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Omagh (/ˈoʊmə/ or /ˈoʊmɑː/; Irish pronunciation: (ˈomæ) -- from Irish: an Ómaigh, meaning ``the virgin plain'' (ənˠ ˈoːmˠəi)) is the county town of County Tyrone, Northern Ireland.	Omagh	County Tyrone
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shur Mast-e Rudbar (Persian: شورمست رودبار‎, also Romanized as Shūr Mast-e Rūdbār) is a village in Rastupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Shur Mast-e Rudbar	Rastupey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taramazd (Persian: طرمزد‎, also Romanized as Ţarāmazd; also known as Tārah Mazd, Tareh Mozd, Tarmazd, Tarmozd, and Teramis) is a village in Mashhad-e Miqan Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Taramazd	Mashhad-e Miqan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Etna Turpentine Camp Archeological Site is an abandoned turpentine camp near Inverness, Florida.	Etna Turpentine Camp Archeological Site	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reefs Harbour-Shoal Cove West-New Ferolle is a designated place in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador, located southwest of Anchor Point.	Reefs Harbour-Shoal Cove West-New Ferolle	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Soldiers' and Sailors' Arch (1889--92) in Brooklyn, New York is a triumphal arch dedicated ``To the Defenders of the Union, 1861-1865''.	Soldiers' and Sailors' Arch	Brooklyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boggulkunta is a commercial area in Hyderabad, the capital city of Telangana, India.	Boggulkunta	Hyderabad
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monticello Steam Electric Station is a three unit coal-fired power plant located in Titus County, Texas.	Monticello Steam Electric Station	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	American Fork Presbyterian Church (also known as Community Presbyterian Church) is a historic church at 75 N. 1st East Street in American Fork, Utah that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP).	American Fork Presbyterian Church	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charles S. Keith House, also known as the J. C. Nichols House, is a historic residence located at 1214 West 55th Street in Kansas City, Missouri.	Charles S. Keith House	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Po' Monkey's lounge is located in unincorporated Bolivar County, Mississippi outside of Merigold.	Po' Monkey's	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Shakur (Persian: قشلاق شكور‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Shakūr; also known as Qeshlāq and Qeshlāq-e Shakar) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District, Nazlu District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Shakur	Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coldspring House is an unincorporated locality and former roadhouse on the Cariboo Wagon Road in the Cariboo Country of the Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada.	Coldspring House	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Butte College is a community college in the Butte-Glenn Community College District which is located in northern California between the towns of Chico, Oroville, and Paradise, about 80 miles (129 km) north of the state capital.	Butte College	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liuzhou (/ˈljuːˈdʒoʊ/, Chinese: 柳州) is a prefecture-level city in north-central Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, People's Republic of China.	Liuzhou	Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chin Sebili (Persian: چين سبيلي‎, also Romanized as Chīn Sebīlī and Chīn Sabīlī; also known as Chīn Sīblī, Chen Sebblī, and Chīn Sebablī) is a village in Mazraeh-ye Jonubi Rural District, Voshmgir District, Aqqala County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Chin Sebili	Mazraeh-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lincoln Memorial University (LMU) is a private four-year co-educational liberal arts college located in Harrogate, Tennessee, United States.	Lincoln Memorial University	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yapal (Persian: ياپل‎, also Romanized as Yāpal and Yāpāl; also known as Vāpal) is a village in Chehel Cheshmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Yapal	Chehel Cheshmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szumów (ˈʂumuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurów, within Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Szumów	Gmina Kurów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Loch Lomond distillery is a Highland Single Malt Scotch whisky distillery in Alexandria, Scotland, near Loch Lomond.	Loch Lomond distillery	Alexandria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knovíz (Czech pronunciation: (ˈknoviːs)) is a village and municipality in Kladno District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Knovíz	Kladno District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peter Herdic House is a historic home located at 407 West 4th Street between Elmira and Center Streets in the Millionaire's Row Historic District of Williamsport, Pennsylvania.	Peter Herdic House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Ainslie is a hill with an elevation of 843 metres (2,766 ft) AHD that is located in the northeastern suburbs of Canberra, in the Australian Capital Territory, Australia.	Mount Ainslie	Australian Capital Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Menlo School, also referred to simply as Menlo, is an independent college preparatory school in Atherton, California, near the heart of Silicon Valley.	Menlo School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Presidio Santa Cruz de Terrenate is a former Spanish military presidio, or fortress, located roughly west of the town of Tombstone, Arizona, in the United States of America.	Presidio Santa Cruz de Terrenate	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Świechocin (ɕfjɛˈxɔt͡ɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pszczew, within Międzyrzecz County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Świechocin	Gmina Pszczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jemeppe Castle, also known as Hargimont Castle (French: Château Jemeppe or Château d'Hargimont), is a castle in Hargimont, now part of the municipality of Marche-en-Famenne, province of Luxembourg, Belgium.	Jemeppe Castle	Marche-en-Famenne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rip Hewes Stadium is a 10,000-seat stadium located in Dothan, Alabama.	Rip Hewes Stadium	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kafri (Persian: كفري‎, also Romanized as Kafrī) is a village in Qarah Bagh Rural District, in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kafri	Qarah Bagh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owieczka (ɔˈvjɛt͡ʂka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukowica, within Limanowa County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Owieczka	Gmina Łukowica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kurcew (ˈkurt͡sɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotlin, within Jarocin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kurcew	Gmina Kotlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goljik (Persian: گلجيك‎, also Romanized as Goljīk; also known as Guljak) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Bala Rural District, in the Central District of Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Goljik	Zanjanrud-e Bala Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Macharce (maˈxart͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płaska, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Macharce	Gmina Płaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sohra Ghazanfariyeh Shomali (Persian: صحراغضنفريه شمالي‎, also Romanized as Şoḩrā Ghaẕanfarīyeh Shomālī) is a village in Nurabad Rural District, Garkan-e Jonubi District, Mobarakeh County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Sohra Ghazanfariyeh Shomali	Nurabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uralloor or Urallur is a place near Koyilandy in Kozhikode district in Kerala state, India and is included in the Arikkulam Panchayath.	Uralloor	Kozhikode district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Kulis is the unofficial but widely used name referring to an area north of the flightline on Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson, near Anchorage, Alaska.	Camp Kulis	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kong Ha (亞笏) is a village in the Sha Tau Kok District of Hong Kong, China.	Kong Ha	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fjarðabyggð is a municipality located in eastern Iceland, in the Eastern Region.	Fjarðabyggð	Iceland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Narcisse Snake Pits are located in the Rural Municipality of Armstrong about six kilometers north of Narcisse, Manitoba, Canada.	Narcisse Snake Pits	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	WTBQ is an independently owned radio station broadcasting from Warwick, New York.	WTBQ	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alluttoq Island (Danish: Arveprinsen Ejland) is a large (655 km2 (252.9 sq mi)), uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in western Greenland, located in the northern part of Disko Bay, in the outlet of the Sullorsuaq Strait, east of Disko Island.	Alluttoq Island	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bila Tserkva (Ukrainian: Бiла Церква, Polish: Biała Cerkiew, Russian: Белая Церковь, Belaya Tserkov, literally White Church) is a city in central Ukraine, the largest city in Kiev Oblast.	Bila Tserkva	Ukraine	Kiev Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Denby is a village in the English county of Derbyshire that is notable as the birthplace of John Flamsteed, England's first Astronomer Royal, and the location of the Denby Pottery Company.	Denby	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khodabakhsh Jadegal (Persian: خدابخش جدگال‎, also Romanized as Khodābakhsh Jadegāl; also known as Khodābakhsh Bāzār) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Khodabakhsh Jadegal	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sopworth is a small village and civil parish in northwest Wiltshire, England, on the county's border with South Gloucestershire.	Sopworth	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhujpur Thana (Bengali: ভূজপূর) is a newly established Thana in Chittagong District.	Bhujpur Thana	Chittagong District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Springfield Mill, also known as the Piper-Streeper Mill, is a historic gristmill located along the Wissahickon Creek in Erdenheim, Springfield Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.	Springfield Mill	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palo Duro Canyon is a canyon system of the Caprock Escarpment located in the Texas Panhandle near the city of Amarillo, Texas, United States.	Palo Duro Canyon	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoveysh-e Jadid (Persian: حويش جديد‎, also Romanized as Ḩoveysh-e Jadīd) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District, Shavur District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hoveysh-e Jadid	Seyyed Abbas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rio Vista Municipal Airport (FAA LID: O88) is a public airport located three miles (4.8 km) northwest of Rio Vista, serving Solano County, California, USA.	Rio Vista Municipal Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harrower Glacier is located on the west side of the Continental Divide in the northern Wind River Range in the US state of Wyoming.	Harrower Glacier	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bożejów (bɔˈʐɛjuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Murów, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Bożejów	Gmina Murów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norman Music Festival (NMF) is an annual three-day American music festival that takes place in downtown Norman, Oklahoma.	Norman Music Festival	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qabaq Tappeh-ye Kord (Persian: قباق تپه كرد‎, also Romanized as Qābāq Tappeh-ye Kord; also known as Ghabagh Tappeh Mehraban, Qābākh Tappah, Qābāq Tappeh, and Qapaq Tepe) is a village in Gol Tappeh Rural District, Gol Tappeh District, Kabudarahang County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Qabaq Tappeh-ye Kord	Gol Tappeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mid-Cities is a suburban region of Texas filling the thirty-mile span between Dallas and Fort Worth.	Mid-Cities	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Perumukkal (Tamil: பெருமுக்கல்) is a small village in Tindivanam (Tamil: திண்டிவனம்) taluk in Villuppuram (Tamil: விழுப்புரம்) district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Perumukkal	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darvand-e Yek (Persian: داروند1‎, also Romanized as Dārvand-e Yek) is a village in Direh Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Darvand-e Yek	Direh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anshan (Chinese: 鞍山; pinyin: Ānshān; literally: ``saddle mountain'') is the third largest prefecture level city in Liaoning province, People's Republic of China.	Anshan	Liaoning
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malampuzha is a village in Palakkad district of Kerala, South India, near to the Malampuzha Dam.	Malampuzha	Palakkad district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Watson's Corner is the historical name for an intersection in Cambridge, Massachusetts, at the corner of Rindge Avenue and Massachusetts Avenue.	Watson's Corner	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pulandian District (simplified Chinese: 普兰店区; traditional Chinese: 普蘭店區; pinyin: Pǔlándiàn Qū) is one of the seven districts under the administration of Dalian, located in the south of Liaoning province, People's Republic of China.	Pulandian District	Dalian
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kerrville Municipal Airport (IATA: ERV, ICAO: KERV, FAA LID: ERV) (Louis Schreiner Field) is six miles southeast of Kerrville, in Kerr County, Texas.	Kerrville Municipal Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khodasadevi (also Sodasadevi) is a village in Achham District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal.	Khodasadevi	Achham District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avenue Berthelot is a street in the 7th (Guillotière) and 8th arrondissement (Bachut) of Lyon which connects the bridge Galliéni at the east to the A43 highway via the Avenue Jean Mermoz which extends it to the west.	Avenue Berthelot	Lyon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tughan-e Jadid (Persian: طوغان جديد‎, also Romanized as Ţūghān-e Jadīd) is a village in Chaharduli-ye Gharbi Rural District, Chaharduli District, Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Tughan-e Jadid	Chaharduli-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bourg-en-Bresse (French pronunciation: ​(buʁkɑ̃bʁɛs); Bôrg in Arpitan language) is a commune in eastern France, capital of the Ain department, and was capital of the former province of Bresse (Brêsse).	Bourg-en-Bresse	Ain
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Madre del Buon Consiglio (or Basilica dell'Incoronata Madre del Buon Consiglio or Maria del Buon Consiglio) (Italian: Crowned Mother of Good Counsel) is a Roman Catholic church in Naples, southern Italy.	Madre del Buon Consiglio	Naples
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samsun Province (Turkish: Samsun ili) is a province of Turkey on the Black Sea coast with a population of 1,252,693 (2010).	Samsun Province	Turkey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Salvador Dalí Museum is an art museum in St. Petersburg, Florida, United States, dedicated to the work of Salvador Dalí.	Salvador Dalí Museum	St. Petersburg	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halhal-e Olya (Persian: حالحال عليا‎, also Romanized as Ḩālḩāl-e ``Olyā) is a village in Avajiq-e Jonubi Rural District, Dashtaki District, Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 92, in 16 families.	Halhal-e Olya	Avajiq-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bacze Mokre (ˈbat͡ʂɛ ˈmɔkrɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Bacze Mokre	Gmina Zambrów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rheinufer Tunnel (German: Rheinufertunnel or ``Rhine Bank Tunnel'') is a road tunnel in Düsseldorf, Germany.	Rheinufer Tunnel	Düsseldorf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kupeh Qaran (Persian: كوپه قران‎, also Romanized as Kūpeh Qarān and Kūpehqarān) is a village in Gol Tappeh Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kupeh Qaran	Gol Tappeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Razak (Persian: مزرعه رزك‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Razak) is a village in Bahman Rural District, in the Central District of Abadeh County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 25, in 7 families.	Mazraeh-ye Razak	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ługowiny (wuɡɔˈvinɨ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kostrzyn, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Ługowiny	Gmina Kostrzyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fadafen (Persian: فدافن‎, also Romanized as Fadāfen; also known as Fadāfin) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Fadafen	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skałowo (skaˈwɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostrzyn, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Skałowo	Gmina Kostrzyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maokong (Chinese: 貓空; pinyin: Māokōng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: niau-khang; literally: ``cat sky'') is located in Wenshan District of Taipei, Taiwan.	Maokong	Wenshan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sturdivant Hall, also known as the Watts-Parkman-Gillman Home, is a historic Greek Revival mansion and house museum in Selma, Alabama, United States.	Sturdivant Hall	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wisborough Green is a village and civil parish in the Chichester district of West Sussex, England 2 miles (3.2 km) west of Billingshurst on the A272.	Wisborough Green	West Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krasnybór (krasˈnɨbur) (Lithuanian: Krasniburas) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztabin, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Krasnybór	Gmina Sztabin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chadru (Persian: چدرو‎, also Romanized as Chadrū) is a village in Bid Shahr Rural District, Evaz District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Chadru	Bid Shahr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cherokee Trail High School is a public secondary-educational institution located in the eastern portion of the city of Aurora, Colorado.	Cherokee Trail High School	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fish Creek Island is a 48-acre (19-hectare) island on the Ohio River in Marshall County, West Virginia, United States.	Fish Creek Island	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Central Unit (C, previously the Imperial State Prison Farm and the Central State Prison Farm) was a Texas Department of Criminal Justice (TDCJ) men's prison in Sugar Land, Texas.	Central Unit	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stone Hall of Jijian Temple (Chinese: 寂鉴寺) is located on Tianchi Mountain in Suzhou, Jiangsu Province, China.	Stone Hall of Jijian Temple	Suzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atyashevsky District (Russian: Атя́шевский райо́н; Erzya: Отяжбуе; Moksha: Атяшевань аймак) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the twenty-two in the Republic of Mordovia, Russia.	Atyashevsky District	Republic of Mordovia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajjiabad-e Khvoriad (Persian: حاجي آباد خورياد‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e Khvorīād; also known as Hājī Ābād, Ḩājjīābād, Ḩājjīābād-e Khūrīān, and Ḩājjīābād-e Khvorīān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Semnan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Hajjiabad-e Khvoriad	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East Main Street-Glen Miller Park Historic District is a neighborhood of historic residential buildings in Richmond, Indiana along the National Road (US 40) and sometimes called Millionaire's Row.	East Main Street-Glen Miller Park Historic District	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh are four museums that are operated by the Carnegie Institute headquartered in the Carnegie Institute complex in Oakland neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Carnegie Museums of Pittsburgh	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neyuk (Persian: نيوك‎, also Romanized as Neyūk) is a village in Allahabad Rural District, Zarach District, Yazd County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Neyuk	Allahabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	105 South Washington Street in Huntsville, Alabama, is a historic commercial building.	105 South Washington Street	Huntsville
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Andres National Wildlife Refuge is located in the southern San Andres Mountains of southcentral New Mexico, USA.	San Andres National Wildlife Refuge	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Udasar is a village in Bikaner tehsil in the state of Rajasthan in northern India.	Udasar	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ternopil Oblast (Ukrainian: Тернопільська область, translit. Ternopilska oblast; also referred to as Ternopilshchyna - Ukrainian: Тернопільщина) is an oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Ternopil Oblast	Ukraine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chüpfenflue is a mountain of the Plessur Alps, located between Langwies and Davos in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Chüpfenflue	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The American Gothic House, also known as the Dibble House, is a house in Eldon, Iowa, designed in the Gothic Revival style with a distinctive upper window.	American Gothic House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darbari-ye Jowkar (Persian: داربري جوكار‎, also Romanized as Dārbarī-ye Jowkār; also known as Dārbarī and Deh Now-e Dārbar) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Darbari-ye Jowkar	Margown Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marist College North Shore (MCNS) (often shortened to Marist North Shore), is a Roman Catholic, secondary day school for boys, located in North Sydney, New South Wales, Australia, a suburb on Sydney's Lower North Shore.	Marist College North Shore	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lungotevere Aventino is the part of the lungotevere connecting the ponte Palatino to Piazza dell'Emporio, in Rome, in the rione Ripa.	Lungotevere Aventino	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kremlin Senate (Russian: Сенатский дворец) is a building within the grounds of the Moscow Kremlin in Russia.	Kremlin Senate	Moscow
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Albany James H. Gray, Sr. Civic Center (Albany Civic Center for short) is an 10,240-seat multi-purpose arena in Albany, Georgia, United States.	Albany Civic Center	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mayagüez Bay (Spanish: Bahía de Mayagüez) is a bay located in western Puerto Rico.	Mayagüez Bay	Puerto Rico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jesmond is a residential suburb and is split into two electoral wards just north of the centre of Newcastle upon Tyne, England.	Jesmond	Newcastle upon Tyne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowjeh Kand (Persian: گوجه كند‎; also known as Kūjākand) is a village in Babarashani Rural District, Chang Almas District, Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Gowjeh Kand	Babarashani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tangu Subdistrict (Chinese: 谈固街道) is a township-level division of Chang'an District, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Tangu Subdistrict	Chang'an District, Shijiazhuang
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lowry Avenue Bridge is a steel tied-arch bridge over the Mississippi River in Minneapolis, Minnesota, completed in October of 2012.	Lowry Avenue Bridge	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Jehud (Persian: دره جهود‎, also Romanized as Darreh Jehūd) is a village in Dehdez Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Jehud	Dehdez Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	High School for the Gifted (HSG; Vietnamese: Trường Phổ Thông Năng Khiếu) is a specialized public high school located in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.	High School for the Gifted	Ho Chi Minh City
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCMC-FM is a Sports Talk radio station based in Raleigh, North Carolina and licensed to nearby Holly Springs.	WCMC-FM	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaraqoli-ye Pain (Persian: زراقلي پايين‎, also Romanized as Zarāqolī-ye Pā’īn; also known as Zarāqolī-ye Soflá) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Zaraqoli-ye Pain	Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berenjbon (Persian: برنج بن‎; also known as Berūnjavīn and Beranjabīn) is a village in Kuhsarat Rural District, in the Central District of Minudasht County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Berenjbon	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gyeongju (Korean pronunciation: (kjəːŋdʑu)), historically known as ``Seorabeol'', is a coastal city in the far southeastern corner of North Gyeongsang Province in South Korea.	Gyeongju	North Gyeongsang Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bid Korpeh-ye Sofla (Persian: بيدكرپه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Bīd Korpeh-ye Soflá; also known as Bidkarih Sofla, Bid Korpeh, and Bīdkorpeh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Kamazan-e Sofla Rural District, Zand District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Bid Korpeh-ye Sofla	Kamazan-e Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kleśniska (klɛɕˈniska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipie, within Kłobuck County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Kleśniska	Gmina Lipie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ho King Commercial Building (Chinese: 好景商業中心) and Ho King Shopping Centre (好景商場) are located at the junction of Fa Yuen Street and Dundas Street in Mong Kok, Hong Kong.	Ho King Commercial Building	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hardtwald is a forest in Baden-Württemberg, south-western Germany.	Hardtwald	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Countess de Hoernle Student Life Center is a multi-purpose arena on the Florida campus of Northwood University in West Palm Beach, Florida.	Countess de Hoernle Student Life Center	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southwark Park is located in Rotherhithe, in central South East London, and is managed by the London Borough of Southwark.	Southwark Park	London Borough of Southwark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowe Łubki (ˈnɔvɛ ˈwupki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowe Łubki	Gmina Bulkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz Bever is a mountain of the Albula Alps, located in the Val Bever, in the canton of Graubünden.	Piz Bever	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Potomac State Forest is a state forest in the state of Maryland near Oakland.	Potomac State Forest	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łęka-Kolonia (ˈwɛnka kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Łęka-Kolonia	Gmina Łęczyca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jowkar Rural District (Persian: دهستان جوكار‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Jowkar District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Jowkar Rural District	Jowkar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Zabłocka-Kolonia (ˈvulka zaˈbwɔt͡ska kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczna, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wólka Zabłocka-Kolonia	Gmina Tuczna
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Rita of Cascia High School is an all-male Roman Catholic high school located on the southwest side of Chicago, Illinois, United States.	St. Rita of Cascia High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Haven Mall was a shopping mall proposed for construction in North Haven, Connecticut.	North Haven Mall	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rookery Building is a historic landmark located at 209 South LaSalle Street in the Loop community area of Chicago in Cook County, Illinois, United States.	Rookery Building	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uppiliapuram (also spelt as Uppiliyapuram) is a panchayat town in Tiruchirappalli district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Uppiliapuram	Tiruchirappalli district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Love County Airport (FAA LID: 4O2) was a public-use airport located two nautical miles northwest of the central business district of Marietta, a city in Love County, Oklahoma, United States.	Love County Airport	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Obion River system is the primary surface water drainage system of northwestern Tennessee.	Obion River	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trophy Mountain (locally called Trophy Mountains or The Trophies) is a mountain in east-central British Columbia, Canada, located in the south-east region of Wells Gray Provincial Park.	Trophy Mountain	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szelewo (ʂɛˈlɛvɔ) (German: Schelow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Szelewo	Gmina Główczyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mu'tah (Arabic: مؤتة) is a town in Karak Governorate in Jordan.	Mu'tah	Karak Governorate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karilopatna (Karilo patna, Karilo patana, Odia: କେନ୍ଦ୍ରାପଡ଼ା) is a city and a municipality near Patkura in Kendrapara district in the Indian state of Odisha.	Karilopatna	Kendrapara
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaag en Braassem is a municipality in the western Netherlands, in the province of South Holland.	Kaag en Braassem	South Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naval Air Station DeLand was a United States Naval Air Station located in DeLand, Florida from 1942-1946.	Naval Air Station DeLand	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tołkiny (tɔu̯ˈkinɨ) (German: Tolkynen (1938-45:Tolksdorf)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Tołkiny	Gmina Korsze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coalisland is a small town in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland, with a population of 4,917 in 2001.	Coalisland	County Tyrone
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adelaide Metcalfe (2011 population 3,028) is a township in Middlesex County, Ontario, Canada.	Adelaide Metcalfe	Middlesex County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bodine Farmhouse is located on Wallkill Road just outside the village of Walden in the Town of Montgomery, Orange County, New York, USA.	Bodine Farmhouse	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Scotch Whisky Experience is a whisky visitor attraction located on Castlehill in the Old Town of Edinburgh, immediately adjacent to the esplanade of Edinburgh Castle.	Scotch Whisky Experience	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 1764, or FM 1764, is a 13-mile-long (21 km) state highway in the U.S. state of Texas.	Farm to Market Road 1764	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stege and Waidbach are two small rivers in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany, forming a pseudobifurcation.	Stege and Waidbach	Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
located in the administrative territorial entity	Louisiana State University School of Music (LSU, commonly referred as LSU School of Music) is a music school located on the northwestern side of the campus of Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, United States.	LSU School of Music	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Watkin's Tower was a partially completed iron lattice tower in London, England, UK.	Watkin's Tower	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drągi (ˈdrɔnɡi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Drągi	Gmina Sokoły
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marie Canyon is a canyon on the Cowichan River, just below Skutz Falls, on southern Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada.	Marie Canyon	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Niyeh-ye Sofla (Persian: ابنيه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Āb Nīyeh-ye Soflá; also known as Āb Nīyeh and Āvīeh) is a village in Rashtkhvar Rural District, in the Central District of Rashtkhvar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ab Niyeh-ye Sofla	Rashtkhvar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roche Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located northeast of Stump Lake in the Nicola Country of that province's South-Central Interior.	Roche Lake Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	On Wednesday, 16 November 1898, Harrods debuted England's first ``moving staircase'' (escalator) in their Brompton Road stores; the device was actually a woven leather conveyor belt-like unit with a mahogany and ``silver plate-glass'' balustrade.	Harrods	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jagodziny (jaɡɔˈd͡ʑinɨ) (German: Ketzwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówno, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jagodziny	Gmina Dąbrówno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Falentyn (faˈlɛntɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryki, within Ryki County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Falentyn	Gmina Ryki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yereance-Berry House is a stone house built in the early 19th century in what is now Rutherford, in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.	Yereance-Berry House	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puttgarden is a ferry harbour and a village on the German island of Fehmarn.	Puttgarden	Fehmarn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piersko (ˈpjɛrskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kaźmierz, within Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Piersko	Gmina Kaźmierz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh-e Hasan (Persian: باغ حسن‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Ḩasan) is a village in Kiskan Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Hasan	Kiskan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shimen County (simplified Chinese: 石门县; traditional Chinese: 石門縣; pinyin: Shímén Xiàn) is under the administration of Changde, Hunan province, China.	Shimen County	Changde
located in the administrative territorial entity	Itahara(इटहरा) is a village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south-eastern part Nepal.	Itahara	Morang District
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is located on Akumal Bay and Half Moon Bay on the site of a former coconut plantation in Tulum Municipality in the state of Quintana Roo, and is part of the Riviera Maya area.	Akumal	Tulum Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oryszew-Osada (ɔˈrɨʂɛf ɔˈsada) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiskitki, within Żyrardów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Oryszew-Osada	Gmina Wiskitki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Runcorn is an industrial town and cargo port in Cheshire, England, located within the Metropolitan Borough of Halton.	Runcorn	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mentasta Pass is a major mountain pass in Alaska, separating the Alaska Range on the west from the Mentasta Mountains on the east.	Mentasta Pass	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horní Planá (German: Oberplan) is a town in Český Krumlov District, in South Bohemia, Czech Republic.	Horní Planá	Český Krumlov District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Federal Medical Center, Devens (FMC Devens) is a United States federal prison in Massachusetts for male inmates requiring specialized or long-term medical or mental health care.	Federal Medical Center, Devens	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	KVOZ, branded as ``Radio Cristiana'', is a Spanish-language Christian talk format AM radio station that serves the Laredo, Texas, United States and Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, Mexico border area.	KVOZ	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sharafkhaneh (Persian: شرفخانه‎; also Romanized as Sharafkhāneh, Sharifkhane, Sharifkhaneh, and Sheraf-Khane; also known as Bandar-e Sharafkhāneh) is a city in the Central District of Shabestar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sharafkhaneh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The InterContinental San Francisco is a high-rise hotel at 888 Howard Street in the South of Market district of San Francisco, California.	InterContinental San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Billy Green Falls is a 17 metre high complex ribbon waterfall found in Battlefield Creek, Stoney Creek, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Billy Green Falls	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pacaembu (Portuguese pronunciation: (pakaẽˈbu)) is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil.	Pacaembu	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lavis (German: Laifs) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 7 kilometres (4 miles) north of Trento.	Lavis	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canning Basin is a geological basin located in Western Australia.	Canning Basin	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cwmdare (Welsh: Cwmdâr) is a village near Aberdare, in Rhondda Cynon Taf, Wales.	Cwmdare	Rhondda Cynon Taf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzóze (ˈbʐuzɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Brzóze	Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barrington Plaza is an apartment complex in Los Angeles, California, located at 11740 Wilshire Boulevard in West Los Angeles community of Los Angeles, California .	Barrington Plaza	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trgovište (Serbian Cyrillic: Трговиште) is a small town and municipality located in the Pčinja District of Serbia.	Trgovište	Pčinja District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westland Middle School is a public school in Bethesda in unincorporated Montgomery County, Maryland.	Westland Middle School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tian Dasht (Persian: طياندشت‎, also Romanized as Ţīān Dasht and Ţīāndasht; also known as Tīābash) is a village in Dastjerd Rural District, Alamut-e Gharbi District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Tian Dasht	Dastjerd Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WPNW is a conservative-based news/talk radio station in Holland, Michigan, in the United States.	WPNW	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Istanbul Naval Museum (Turkish: İstanbul Deniz Müzesi) is a national naval museum, located at Beşiktaş district of Istanbul in Turkey.	Istanbul Naval Museum	Beşiktaş
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aurora Mountain is located in the Blue Range of the Canadian Rockies, which forms part of the Continental Divide and the provincial boundary between British Columbia and Alberta.	Aurora Mountain	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blumenstein Castle is an estate house in the municipality of Solothurn of the Canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.	Blumenstein Castle	Solothurn	Canton of Solothurn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shenandoah Caverns is a commercial show cave in the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia.	Shenandoah Caverns	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ośniki (ɔɕˈniki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leoncin, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ośniki	Gmina Leoncin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jastrząbka Młoda (jasˈtʂɔmpka ˈmwɔda) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Jastrząbka Młoda	Gmina Śniadowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	WHPL is a radio station licensed to West Lafayette, Indiana located at 89.9 MHz, channel 210, on the FM dial.	WHPL	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saenamteo is a location on the north bank of the Han River in Seoul, South Korea.	Saenamteo	Seoul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meerut district is one of the districts of Uttar Pradesh state of India, and Meerut is the district headquarters.	Meerut district	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Smith Alumnae Gymnasium is a historic gym building on the Smith College campus in Northampton, Massachusetts.	Smith Alumnae Gymnasium	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narthamalai(Tamil:நார்த்தாமலை), a cluster of small hills, is 25 km from Trichy on the Trichy-Pudukottai highway in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Narthamalai	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fort of Má Ferramenta (Portuguese: Forte da Má Ferramenta), near the port of the civil parish of São Mateus da Calheta, municipality of Angra do Heroísmo, along the southern coast of the Portuguese island of Terceira, in the archipelago of the Azores.	Fort of Má Ferramenta	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Commezzadura (German: Kommedür, Ladin: Comezadurå) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 35 kilometres (22 mi) northwest of Trento.	Commezzadura	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sanctuary River Cabin No. 31, located on the Sanctuary River at Mile 22.7 S of Park Rd. in Denali National Park & Preserve, Alaska is a log cabin that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Sanctuary River Cabin No. 31	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rodovia Marechal Cândido Rondon (officially designated SP-300) is a highway in the state of São Paulo, Brazil.	Rodovia Marechal Cândido Rondon	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dast Murdan (Persian: دست موردن‎, also Romanized as Dast Mūrdan) is a village in Gowharan Rural District, Gowharan District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Dast Murdan	Gowharan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carpenter Hill is a hill located in the eastern Sacramento Valley-Sierra Nevada foothills region of California.	Carpenter Hill	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Anchorage Museum is a large art, history, ethnography, ecology and science museum located in a modern building in the heart of Anchorage, Alaska.	Anchorage Museum	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Birksgate Range is a scattered range of mountains in the northwest of South Australia.	Birksgate Range	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gulfport High School (GHS) is a publicly funded school in Gulfport school district of Gulfport, Mississippi.	Gulfport High School	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	On June 27, 2008, Moore began the process to sell WVEK-FM to Holston Valley Broadcasting Corporation of Kingsport, Tennessee.	WVEK-FM	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Letterkenny Munitions Center, located on Letterkenny Army Depot in Franklin County, Pennsylvania, is a satellite activity under Crane Army Ammunition Activity in Crane, Indiana.	Letterkenny Munitions Center	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kokoszewo (kɔkɔˈʂɛvɔ) (German: Gerthen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bisztynek, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kokoszewo	Gmina Bisztynek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nansan Town (Chinese: 南伞镇; pinyin: Nánsăn Zhèn) is a town under the jurisdiction of Zhenkang County, Lincang Prefecture, Yunnan Province, China.	Nansan	Zhenkang County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stefkowa (stɛfˈkɔva) (Ukrainian: Стефкова, Stefkova) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszanica, within Lesko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Stefkowa	Gmina Olszanica
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George Kunhardt Estate is a historic estate off Great Pond Road in North Andover, Massachusetts.	George Kunhardt Estate	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gitig (Persian: گيتيگ‎, also Romanized as Gītīg) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Gitig	Polan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh of UPMC, a hospital of the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, is the only hospital in Southwestern Pennsylvania dedicated solely to the care of infants, children and young adults.	Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh of UPMC	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boligee Hill, now known as Myrtle Hill, is a historic plantation house near Boligee, Alabama.	Boligee Hill	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aven Armand is a cave located in the Cévennes National Park, in the Lozère département, between Meyrueis and Sainte-Enimie.	Aven Armand	Lozère
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kuykendall Polygonal Barn was an early 20th-century polygonal barn in the South Branch Potomac River valley near Romney in Hampshire County, West Virginia.	Kuykendall Polygonal Barn	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh-ye Safa (Persian: قلعه صفا‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye Şafā; also known as Şafā) is a village in Hesar Rural District, Khabushan District, Faruj County, North Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 420, in 112 families.	Qaleh-ye Safa	Khabushan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Myrtle Creek Municipal Heliport (FAA LID: OG62) is a private Heliport located 3 miles southeast of Myrtle Creek in Douglas County, Oregon, USA.	Myrtle Creek Municipal Heliport	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sowti (Persian: سوتي‎, also Romanized as Sowtī) is a village in Garmeh-ye Shomali Rural District, Kandovan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sowti	Garmeh-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pasadena City Hall, completed in 1927, serves as the central location for city government in the City of Pasadena, California and it is a significant architectural example of the City Beautiful movement of the 1920s.	Pasadena City Hall	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Talkh Molla Mohammad (Persian: چاه تلخ ملامحمد‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Talkh Mollā Moḩammad) is a village in Doruneh Rural District, Anabad District, Bardaskan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Talkh Molla Mohammad	Doruneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lloyd V. Berkner High School is a high school in Richardson, in the U.S. state of Texas, with a 2008 enrollment of 2,755 and a student/teacher ratio of 16.7.	Lloyd V. Berkner High School	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Katalan (Persian: كتالان‎, also Romanized as Katālān) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzkuh County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Katalan	Poshtkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sanet y Negrals is a town located in the comarca of Marina Alta, in the province of Alicante, Spain.	Sanet y Negrals	Marina Alta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kharashtom (Persian: خرشتم‎, also Romanized as Khareshtom) is a village in Amlash-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kharashtom	Amlash-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	For administrative purposes, Gatesgarth lies within the civil parish of Buttermere, the district of Allerdale, and the county of Cumbria.	Gatesgarth	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golden Eagle Regional Park (or Golden Eagle Regional Park & Sports Complex) is a large outdoor artificial turf sports complex in Sparks, Nevada.	Golden Eagle Regional Park	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Takan (Persian: تكان‎, also Romanized as Takān) is a village in Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District, Shadian District, Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Takan	Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amos Bristol Tavern is a historic inn and tavern located at West Meredith in Delaware County, New York, United States.	Amos Bristol Tavern	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Western Financial Place (formerly known as the Cranbrook Recreational Complex) is a 4,264-seat (plus 352 Standing room) arena in Cranbrook, British Columbia.	Western Financial Place	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bab Gorg (Persian: بابگرگ‎, also Romanized as Bāb Gorg) is a village in Gevar Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bab Gorg	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruabon (Welsh: Rhiwabon pronounced (r̥ɪʊˈɑːbɔn)) is a village and community in the county borough of Wrexham in Wales.	Ruabon	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shuangfeng County (simplified Chinese: 双峰县; traditional Chinese: 雙峰縣; pinyin: Shuāngfēng Xiàn; literally: ``double peak'') is under the administration of Loudi, Hunan province, China.	Shuangfeng County	Loudi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Distington (/ˈdɪzɪŋtən/) is a large village and civil parish in Cumbria, England, 3 miles (4.8 km) south of Workington and 4 miles (6.4 km) north-northeast of Whitehaven.	Distington	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anarchist Mountain is a mountain in British Columbia, Canada, which rises 1,491 metres (4,892 ft) above sea level.	Anarchist Mountain	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Târgu Jiu (Romanian pronunciation: (ˌtɨrɡu ˈʒiw)) is the capital of Gorj County in the Oltenia region of Romania.	Târgu Jiu	Gorj County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Błaziny Górne (bwaˈʑinɨ ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłża, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Błaziny Górne	Gmina Iłża
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goldendale Observatory State Park is an educational facility near Goldendale, Washington notable for its unusually large public telescope.	Goldendale Observatory State Park	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hayscastle or Hays-Castle (Welsh: Cas-lai) is a village and community of Pembrokeshire in West Wales.	Hayscastle	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villa de Chantal Historic District was an historic district located in Rock Island, Illinois, United States.	Villa de Chantal Historic District	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castiglione di Sicilia (Sicilian: Castigghiuni di Sicilia) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Catania in Sicily.	Castiglione di Sicilia	Province of Catania
located in the administrative territorial entity	McDonald Road Library is one of 28 freely-accessible public libraries in Edinburgh, Scotland.	McDonald Road Library	Edinburgh	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jald Bardasht (Persian: جلدبرداشت‎, also Romanized as Jald Bardāsht; also known as Jald Gūrāb Dasht) is a village in Yeylaqi-ye Ardeh Rural District, Pareh Sar District, Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Jald Bardasht	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loppington is a village and parish in Shropshire, England, situated a few miles west of Wem.	Loppington	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fasanqar (Persian: فسنقر‎; also known as Posangar) is a village in Qasabeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Fasanqar	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	8888 Keystone Crossing is a high rise in Indianapolis, Indiana.	8888 Keystone Crossing	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barzagaru (Persian: برزگرو‎, also Romanized as Barzagarū and Barzegarū) is a village in Tula Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Barzagaru	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Punel (Persian: پونل‎, also Romanized as Pūnel; also known as Pūnīl) is a village in Khoshabar Rural District, in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Punel	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Camino of Rancho San Antonio is a former road that was located in Alameda County, California.	Camino of Rancho San Antonio	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Safa (Persian: پيرصفا‎, also Romanized as Pīr Şafā; also known as Pīr Moşţāfa and Pīr Mustāfa) is a village in Khav and Mirabad Rural District, Khav and Mirabad District, Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Pir Safa	Khav and Mirabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bala Holu Sara (Persian: بالاهلوسرا‎, also Romanized as Bālā Holū Sarā) is a village in Shabkhus Lat Rural District, Rankuh District, Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bala Holu Sara	Shabkhus Lat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Saskatoon Correctional Centre is an adult male, provincial correctional centre located in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Saskatoon Correctional Centre	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Almeda Mall is a shopping mall located in the Southeast side of Houston, Texas on Interstate 45.	Almeda Mall	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nabala is a village in Kiili Parish, Harju County, in northern Estonia, located about 20 km (12 mi) southeast of Tallinn.	Nabala	Kiili Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Winters-Wimberley House is a historic home in Texas.	Winters-Wimberley House	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buck's Corner Historic District encompasses a cluster of formerly rural (now suburban) properties in eastern Wilmington, Massachusetts.	Buck's Corner Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The city of Mailsi is the headquarters of its namesake Mailsi Tehsil, an administrative subdivision of the Vehari District	Mailsi	Vehari
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jazrabad (Persian: جذراباد‎, also Romanized as Jazrābād) is a village in Siyahu Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Jazrabad	Siyahu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fazel Allah Khan Agrigultural Institute (Persian: سازمان كشاورزي فضل اله خان‎ -- Sāzemān Kashāvarzī Faz̤el Allah Khān) is a company town and village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Fazel Allah Khan Agrigultural Institute	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Afognak Forest and Fish Culture was established by the General Land Office in Alaska on December 24, 1892 as a forest preserve.	Afognak Forest	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abernathy Field (ICAO: KGZS, FAA LID: GZS) is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southwest of the central business district of Pulaski, a city in Giles County, Tennessee, United States.	Abernathy Field	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Foxwoods Resort Casino is a hotel casino in Mashantucket, Connecticut on the Mashantucket Pequot Indian Reservation.	Foxwoods Resort Casino	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Deer Valley Music Festival is the summer home of the Utah Symphony and Utah Opera.	Deer Valley Music Festival	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paciorkowa Wola Stara (pat͡ɕɔrˈkɔva ˈvɔla ˈstara) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Paciorkowa Wola Stara	Gmina Zwoleń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ironwood Ridge High School is a public high school, located in Oro Valley, Arizona.	Ironwood Ridge High School	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ishliki (Persian: ايشليكي‎, also Romanized as Īshīkī; also known as Eshlīkī, Ishlik, Ishlyk, and Lashīkī) is a village in Kurka Rural District, in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Ishliki	Kurka Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Broadway Synagogue is an Orthodox Jewish synagogue in Harlem, Manhattan, New York City incorporated in 1911 under the name Chevra Talmud Torah Anshei Marovi, by an immigrant named Morris Schiff.	Old Broadway Synagogue	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wickliffe Mounds (15 BA 4) is a prehistoric, Mississippian culture archaeological site located in Ballard County, Kentucky, just outside the town of Wickliffe, about 3 miles (4.8 km) from the confluence of the Ohio and Mississippi rivers.	Wickliffe Mounds	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Syberia-Wapniska (sɨˈbɛrja vapˈniska) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Syberia-Wapniska	Gmina Lubowidz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krajnik (ˈkrai̯nik) (formerly German Buddenbrock) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfino, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Krajnik	Gmina Gryfino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guipry (Breton: Gwipri, Gallo: Gipri) is a former commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Guipry	Ille-et-Vilaine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bosporthennis is a hamlet south of Treen in the civil parish of Zennor on the Penwith peninsula in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Bosporthennis	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Galeton Area School District is a small, rural public school district operating in Potter County, Pennsylvania.	Galeton Area School District	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Black Hill Conservation Park is a protected area approximately 10 km northeast of Adelaide, in the state of South Australia, Australia.	Black Hill Conservation Park	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fiskardo (Greek: Φισκάρδο, also Fiscardo or in the past Viscardo) is a village and a community on the Ionian island of Kefalonia, Greece.	Fiskardo	Kefalonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alcmaria Victrix are a Dutch omnisport club based in Alkmaar, North Holland.	Alcmaria Victrix	Alkmaar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kish Galeh Bid (Persian: كيش گله بيد‎, also Romanized as Kīsh Galeh Bīd) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kish Galeh Bid	Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ban Phiakhamkak is a village in Phouvong District in the Attopu Province of southeast Laos.	Ban Phiakhamkak	Phouvong District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Three Pigeons was a prominent and famous meeting place in Bergen Township, New Jersey during the revolutionary period, and was used historically as a landmark as well as a popular place for hosting special occasions.	Three Pigeons	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rybiny (rɨˈbinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Rybiny	Gmina Topólka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shuru Rural District (Persian: دهستان شورو‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kurin District, Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Shuru Rural District	Kurin District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cappella Demidoff di San Donato, or Demidoff Chapel of San Donato, is occupied at present by the Church of Christ in Florence, and is found on via San Donato.	Demidoff Chapel of San Donato	Florence
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Lagunitas is a reservoir on Lagunitas Creek in Marin County, California.	Lake Lagunitas	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Campo San Polo is the largest campo in Venice, Italy, the second largest Venetian public square after the Piazza San Marco.	Campo San Polo	Venice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lemithou or Lemythou (Greek: Λεμιθου/Λεμύθου) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus, located 3 km west of Prodromos.	Lemithou	Limassol District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Owadowska (ˈvɔla ɔvaˈdɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastrzębia, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Owadowska	Gmina Jastrzębia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alverdiscott (Pronounced /ˈɒlskɒt/ or /ˈɔːlskɒt/) is a village and civil parish in the Torridge district of Devon, centred 5.5 miles (9 km) SSW of Barnstaple.	Alverdiscott	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamudi-ye Sadun (Persian: حمودي سعدون‎, also romanized as Ḩamūdī-ye Sa``dūn) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Dasht-e Azadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 303, in 54 families.	Hamudi-ye Sadun	Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liarud (Persian: ليارود‎, also Romanized as Līārūd) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Liarud	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	American Legion Memorial Stadium is a 21,000-capacity stadium located on 7th Street in the Elizabeth community of Charlotte, North Carolina.	American Legion Memorial Stadium	Elizabeth
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coastal Carolina Regional Airport (IATA: EWN, ICAO: KEWN, FAA LID: EWN) is a public airport located three miles (5 km) southeast of central business district of New Bern, a town in Craven County, North Carolina, United States.	Coastal Carolina Regional Airport	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Helen's House is a Grade I listed building situated in King Street, Derby, England.	St Helen's House	Derby
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajji Moharab (Persian: حاجي محارب‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Moḥārab) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District, Shavur District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hajji Moharab	Ahudasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalpadi (Tamil: கல்பாடி ) is a panchayat village of Perambalur district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Kalpadi	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stanningfield is a village in the parish of Bradfield Combust with Stanningfield, in the St Edmundsbury District, in the English county of Suffolk.	Stanningfield	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bainskloof Pass (Afrikaans: Bainskloofpas) is a mountain pass on the R301 regional road between Wellington and Ceres in the Western Cape province of South Africa.	Bainskloof Pass	Western Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	Küçüksu Palace or Küçüksu Pavilion, aka Göksu Pavilion, (Turkish: Küçüksu Kasrı) is a summer palace in Istanbul, Turkey, situated in the Küçüksu neighborhood of Beykoz district on the Asian shore of the Bosphorus between Anadoluhisarı and the Fatih Sultan Mehmet Bridge.	Küçüksu Palace	Istanbul
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Amos Block is a Romanesque Revival building located on the southwest corner of Clinton Square in Downtown Syracuse, New York.	Amos Block	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The W. Gordon Belser Arboretum (10 acres) is an arboretum located near the University of South Carolina campus, in Columbia, South Carolina.	W. Gordon Belser Arboretum	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Kheyl (Persian: سانخيل‎, also Romanized as Sān Kheyl; also known as Sāneh Kheyl) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq-e Sofla Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	San Kheyl	Kolijan Rostaq-e Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh Khaki (Persian: قلعه خاكي‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Khākī and Ghal’eh Khaki) is a village in Harirud Rural District, Bujgan District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 114, in 21 families.	Qaleh Khaki	Harirud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahiltna Glacier is the longest glacier of the Alaska Range in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Kahiltna Glacier	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Public School 7 is a historic school building located in Brooklyn, New York, New York.	Public School 7	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dust Mohammad-e Lashkaran (Persian: دوست محمدلشكران‎, also Romanized as Dūst Moḩammad-e Lashkarān; also known as Dūst Moḩammad-e Lashgarān) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Dust Mohammad-e Lashkaran	Dust Mohammad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piney Grove at Southall's Plantation is a property listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Charles City County, Virginia.	Piney Grove at Southall's Plantation	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Akbar Jafar (Persian: اکبرجعفر‎‎, also Romanized as Akbar Jaʿfar) is a village in Cheleh Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Akbar Jafar	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tildonk is a village located in the Belgian province of Flemish Brabant and, since 1977, is part of the municipality of Haacht, together with Wespelaar, Wakkerzeel and Kelfs.	Tildonk	Haacht
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yellomundee Regional Park is a protected regional park that is located on the eastern escarpment of the Blue Mountains region of New South Wales in eastern Australia.	Yellomundee Regional Park	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	WQLS (90.5 FM, ``The Q'') is an American non-commercial educational radio station licensed to serve the community of Camden, Alabama.	WQLS	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sweetwater Mountains (highest peak Mount Patterson 11,654 feet (3,552 m)) is a small mountain range in northern Mono County, California and western Lyon County, Nevada, separating the West Walker River from the East Walker River.	Sweetwater Mountains	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fushan County (浮山县) is a county in the municipal region of Linfen, Shanxi.	Fushan County	Linfen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mamaroneck Union Free School District is the school district created to serve the public education needs of Larchmont and Mamaroneck, New York.	Mamaroneck Union Free School District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Targowisk (tarˈɡɔvisk) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Targowisk	Gmina Grodzisk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kadidal Manjappa (The former chief minister of Karnataka) and the renowned orthopedic surgeon Dr. K.T. Surendra were both from this place.	Kadidal	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Terra Linda High School (also known as TLHS and more commonly known as TL) is a public secondary school located in Terra Linda, San Rafael, California, United States.	Terra Linda High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The I&M Bank Tower is a skyscraper in Nairobi, Kenya's capital and largest city.	I&M Bank Tower	Nairobi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Devil's Coulee Dinosaur Heritage Museum, located in Warner, Alberta, Canada, is a key historic site in southern Alberta.	Devil's Coulee Dinosaur Heritage Museum	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avià is a municipality in the comarca of Berguedà, in Catalonia.	Avià	Berguedà
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albumraveh Shamkoli (Persian: البومروح شمكلي‎, also Romanized as Ālbūmraveḥ Shamḵolī; also known as Albamrāveh, Al Bamrūḩ Shaljeh, and Albomāveh) is a village in Karkheh Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Albumraveh Shamkoli	Karkheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tönsheide Forest (German: Tönsheider Wald) is a nature reserve near the village of Aukrug east of Neumünster in the north German state of Schleswig-Holstein.	Tönsheide Forest	Aukrug
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greenbay is a village in Antigua known especially as the birthplace of the calypsonian King Obstinate.	Greenbay	Antigua
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gulshan-e-Osman (Urdu: گلشن عثمان ‎) is a new residential neighbourhood of Gadap Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Gulshan-e-Osman	Karachi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burnt Pine (Norfuk language Ban Pain) is the largest town on Norfolk Island.	Burnt Pine	Norfolk Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pij Bon (Persian: پيج بن‎‎, also Romanized as Pīj Bon; also known as Pīch Bon and Pīchbon) is a village in Alamut-e Pain Rural District, Rudbar-e Alamut District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Pij Bon	Alamut-e Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Negrești (Romanian pronunciation: (neˈɡreʃtʲ)) is a town in Vaslui County, located in the eastern part of Moldavia, a traditional region of Romania.	Negrești	Vaslui County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cerovljani (Serbian: Церовљани) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Cerovljani	Gradiška
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gazela is a 1901 wooden tall-ship homeported in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Gazela	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colimbiné or Kolimbiné is a commune in the Cercle of Kayes in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.	Colimbiné	Kayes Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Taylor Transitional Care Hospital (LTTCH) is a 296 bed, state-licensed, long-term acute care hospital and nursing facility located in Norfolk, Virginia.	Lake Taylor Transitional Care Hospital	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shamkan Rural District (Persian: دهستان شامكان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Sheshtomad District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shamkan Rural District	Sheshtomad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jolly Jack's Lost Mine is a legend about a hidden placer mine supposed to be located in the Boundary Country of British Columbia.	Jolly Jack's Lost Mine	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guk Tappeh-ye Shomareh-ye Do (Persian: گوك تپه شماره دو‎, also Romanized as Gūḵ Tappeh Shomāreh-ye Do) is a village in Mazraeh-ye Shomali Rural District, Voshmgir District, Aqqala County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Guk Tappeh-ye Shomareh-ye Do	Mazraeh-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KZAL (94.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format.Licensed to Manson, Washington, USA, the station serves the Greater Wenatchee area.	KZAL	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 2005 Glendale train crash is the second-deadliest incident in the history of Metrolink, the commuter railroad in the Los Angeles, California area.	2005 Glendale train crash	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jowzar Rural District (Persian: دهستان جوزار‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Jowzar Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lawrence Central High School (LCHS) is a high school with over 2,400 students, in northeast Marion County, Indiana.	Lawrence Central High School	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dargelu (Persian: درگلو‎, also Romanized as Dargelū; also known as Dargīlū) is a village in Senderk Rural District, Senderk District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Dargelu	Senderk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hawkesbury Agricultural College was the first agricultural college of New South Wales, Australia.	Hawkesbury Agricultural College	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	WBRI (1500 AM) is a Religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Indianapolis, Indiana, serving the Indianapolis metropolitan area.	WBRI	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shute Octagon House is an historic octagon house located on McGuire School Road in Duanesburg, Schenectady County, New York.	Shute Octagon House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaftar Kar (Persian: كفتركار‎, also Romanized as Kaftar Kār; also known as Kaftar Gār and Laftar Kār) is a village in Ashrestaq Rural District, Yaneh Sar District, Behshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kaftar Kar	Ashrestaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Los Toldos (Sometimes referred to as General Viamonte) is a small town in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina, situated in General Viamonte Partido, which developed around a station of the same name on the Buenos Aires Western Railway.	Los Toldos	General Viamonte Partido
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trellick Tower is a 31-storey block of flats in North Kensington, Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, London, England.	Trellick Tower	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hojedk (Persian: هجدك‎, also Romanized as Hejdak) is a city in and the capital of Kuhsaran District, in Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hojedk	Kuhsaran District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Geppi's Entertainment Museum is a 16,000-square-foot (1,500 m2) privately owned pop culture museum located at historic Camden Station at Camden Yards in Baltimore, Maryland.	Geppi's Entertainment Museum	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golozan (Persian: گلعذان‎, also Romanized as Gol``oz̄ān, Guliser or Gulizan) is a village in Zulachay Rural District, in the Central District of Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 657, in 176 families.	Golozan	Zulachay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kand Halan (Persian: كندهلان‎, also Romanized as Kand Halān, Kand Helān and Kandehlān; also known as Kandelān, Kandelan, Kandlān, and Khiāndelan) is a village in Jowkar Rural District, Jowkar District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Kand Halan	Jowkar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sangij (Persian: سنگيج‎, also Romanized as Sangīj; also known as Sangieh) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Sangij	Kuhestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Downtown Grand Las Vegas, formerly the Lady Luck Hotel & Casino, is a hotel and casino in Downtown Las Vegas, Nevada, owned by the CIM Group and operated by Fifth Street Gaming.	Downtown Grand	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beaver Mill is a historic mill located on Beaver Street in North Adams, Massachusetts.	Beaver Mill	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yangpyeong Station is Line 5 subway station in Seoul, South Korea.	Yangpyeong Station	Seoul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cham-e Pir (Persian: چم پير‎, also Romanized as Cham-e Pīr and Cham Pīr) is a village in Cham Rud Rural District, Bagh-e Bahadoran District, Lenjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Cham-e Pir	Cham Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Popłacin (pɔˈpwat͡ɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Popłacin	Gmina Nowy Duninów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tork Mahalleh-ye Alalan (Persian: ترك محله الالان‎, also Romanized as Tork Maḩalleh-ye Ālālān; also known as Tork Maḩalleh) is a village in Asalem Rural District, Asalem District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Tork Mahalleh-ye Alalan	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blueprints at Addison Circle is a steel sculpture located in Addison, Texas inside a 133-foot-diameter (41 m) roundabout.	Blueprints at Addison Circle	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dusze (ˈduʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziłów, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Dusze	Gmina Radziłów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Głupianka (ɡwuˈpjanka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołbiel, within Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Głupianka	Gmina Kołbiel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dream Lake is a high alpine lake located in Rocky Mountain National Park in northern Colorado, located east of the continental divide.	Dream Lake	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Kat (Persian: دره كت‎) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Kat	Donbaleh Rud-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qanat-e Vali (Persian: قناتوالي‎, also Romanized as Qanāt-e Vālī) is a village in Gevar Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Qanat-e Vali	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Radiological and Environmental Sciences Laboratory (RESL) is a government-owned and government-operated laboratory operated by the U.S. Department of Energy Idaho Operations Office.	Radiological and Environmental Sciences Laboratory	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banzerkah (Persian: بان زركه‎, also Romanized as Bānzerkah and Bānzergah) is a village in Kulkani Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Banzerkah	Kulkani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WPNN (790 AM) is a radio station serving the Pensacola, Florida market with an news/talk format.	WPNN	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khujeh Yapaqi (Persian: خوجه ياپاقي‎, also Romanized as Khūjeh Yāpāqī) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District, Pishkamar District, Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Khujeh Yapaqi	Zavkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Babice Nowe (baˈbit͡sɛ ˈnɔvɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Babice, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Babice Nowe	Gmina Stare Babice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schwerin Hauptbahnhof is the main railway station of the capital of the German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern and is located in the northwest of the central city.	Schwerin Hauptbahnhof	Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nadolna-Kolonia (naˈdɔlna kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dmosin, within Brzeziny County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Nadolna-Kolonia	Gmina Dmosin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mrozów (ˈmrɔzuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miękinia, within Środa Śląska County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Mrozów	Gmina Miękinia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mundawar is a village in the tehsil/mandal of Mundawar in the Alwar district of Rajasthan.	Mundawar	Alwar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spigno Monferrato is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region of Piedmont, located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) southeast of Turin and about 45 kilometres (28 mi) southwest of Alessandria.	Spigno Monferrato	Province of Alessandria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dąbrówka Morska (dɔmˈbrufka ˈmɔrska) is a small village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczurowa, within Brzesko County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Dąbrówka Morska	Gmina Szczurowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Randolph Tabernacle is a Victorian-styled meetinghouse for the Randolph Ward (congregation) of the The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) and is located in Randolph, Rich County, Utah.	Randolph Tabernacle	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adana Province, (Turkish: Adana ili) is a province of Turkey located in south-central Anatolia.	Adana Province	Turkey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Metung is a town in East Gippsland region of Victoria, Australia.	Metung	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudniki-Kolonia (rudˈniki kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniecpol, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Rudniki-Kolonia	Gmina Koniecpol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miyanishin District (Pashto: ميه نشين ولسوالۍ miya nishin wuləswāləi‎) is a new district of Kandahar District, Afghanistan, created in 2005.	Miyanishin District	Kandahar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malme or Malmefjorden is a village at the end of the Malmefjorden (an arm of the Frænfjorden) in Fræna Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Malme	Fræna
located in the administrative territorial entity	RAAF Museum is the official museum of the Royal Australian Air Force, the second oldest air force in the world, located at RAAF Williams Point Cook, Victoria, Australia.	RAAF Museum	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Markerville/Safron Farms Aerodrome, (TC LID: CSF5), is located 5.3 nautical miles (9.8 km; 6.1 mi) north northwest of Markerville, Alberta, Canada.	Markerville/Safron Farms Aerodrome	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kunsthalle Wien is the exhibition hall for contemporary art in Vienna.	Kunsthalle Wien	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Melbourne Magistrates' Court is the largest venue at which the Magistrates' Court of Victoria sits.	Melbourne Magistrates' Court	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Markham Theatre (Markham Theatre for Performing Arts and renamed to ``FLATO Markham Theatre'' on April 2012) is a theatre located at 171 Town Centre Boulevard in the city of Markham, Ontario, Canada.	Markham Theatre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schloss Benrath (Benrath Palace) is a Baroque-style maison de plaisance (pleasure palace) in Benrath, which is now a borough of Düsseldorf.	Schloss Benrath	Düsseldorf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Tegini (Persian: قره تگيني‎, also Romanized as Qarah Tegīnī and Qareh Tegīnī; also known as Qarā Tegīneh, Qarātgīni, Qarā Tīgenī, and Qaratīni) is a village in Kuh Sardeh Rural District, in the Central District of Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Qarah Tegini	Kuh Sardeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marshall Site (15CE27) is an Early Mississippian culture archaeological site located near Bardwell in Carlisle County, Kentucky, on a bluff spur overlooking the Mississippi River floodplain.	Marshall Site	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	WDTK, known on the air as The Patriot, is a conservative-oriented news/talk radio station broadcasting at 1400 kHz on the AM dial and broadcasts on a translator at 92.7 MHz on the FM dial in Detroit, Michigan, United States.	WDTK	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Royal Air Force station Bitteswell or more simply RAF Bitteswell is a former Royal Air Force station located 2.0 miles (3.2 km) west of Lutterworth, Leicestershire and 6.1 miles (9.8 km) north of Rugby, Warwickshire, England.	RAF Bitteswell	Leicestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Walden Low Bridge is the downstream of the two bridges over the Wallkill River in Walden, New York, USA.	Walden Low Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiewiecko (vjɛˈvjɛt͡skɔ) (German Henkenhagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzyno, within Łobez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Wiewiecko	Gmina Węgorzyno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qanat-e Zangal (Persian: قناتزنگل‎, also Romanized as Qanāt-e Zangal) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Qanat-e Zangal	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zohan District (Persian: بخش زهان‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Zirkuh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Zohan District	South Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karateh-ye Vasaj (Persian: كرته وسج‎) is a village in Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District, Khezel District, Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Karateh-ye Vasaj	Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maysan Governorate (Arabic: ميسان Maysān‎) is a governorate in southeastern Iraq, bordering Iran.	Maysan Governorate	Iraq
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Menands Bridge, officially known as the Troy-Menands Bridge, carries New York State Route 378 across the Hudson River in New York connecting Menands with Troy.	Menands Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Japan Museum SieboldHuis (Siebold House) is a museum located at the Rapenburg in Leiden, Netherlands.	SieboldHuis	Leiden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Billingham is a town in Teesside in the unitary authority of Stockton on Tees, in North East England, with a population of 35,765 (2006),decreasing slightly to 35,165 at the 2011 Census.	Billingham	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Don railway station was built in 1896 by the Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR) on the western bank of the Don River at the south side of Queen Street in Toronto.	Don railway station	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	The six-minute-long video, produced by DLNR in cooperation with the Kauai County Fire Department and Civil Defense Agency, highlights some of the challenges hikers might face on the Kalalau Trail.	Kalalau Trail	Kauai County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bronze Horseman (Russian: Медный всадник, literally ``copper horseman'') is an equestrian statue of Peter the Great in Saint Petersburg, Russia.	Bronze Horseman	Saint Petersburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norglenwold is a summer village in central Alberta, Canada.	Norglenwold	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cornwall & Lebanon Railroad Station, also known as the Pennsylvania Railroad Station, is a historic railway station located in Lebanon, Lebanon County, Pennsylvania.	Cornwall & Lebanon Railroad Station	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ziba Makan (Persian: زيبامكان‎, also Romanized as Zībā Makān) is a village in Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Jam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Ziba Makan	Jam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caleb Smith State Park Preserve is a state park located in Suffolk County, New York in the USA.	Caleb Smith State Park Preserve	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Town and Country Building, also known as the Lyric Theatre (before 1913) and New Lyric Theatre (ca. 1913-ca. 1925), is a historic commercial building located at Liberty in Sullivan County, New York.	Town and Country Building	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	CityPlace (West Palm Beach) is an upscale lifestyle center in downtown West Palm Beach, Florida along South Rosemary Avenue.	CityPlace (West Palm Beach)	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Livanlu (Persian: ليوانلو‎, also Romanized as Līvānlū; also known as Dīvānleq and Duānlu) is a village in Garmeh-ye Shomali Rural District, Kandovan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Livanlu	Garmeh-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Archsum (Frisian: Arichsem) is a village on the North Sea island of Sylt in the district of Nordfriesland in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Archsum	Sylt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carroll Glacier is a 15-mile-long (24 km) glacier located in Glacier Bay National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Carroll Glacier	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chandor is a village in South Goa district, Goa, India, on the banks of the river Kushavati, 10 km east from Margao.	Chandor	South Goa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Royal Purple Raceway (formerly Houston Raceway Park) is a quarter-mile dragstrip in Baytown, Texas, just outside Houston.	Royal Purple Raceway	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shangyou County (Chinese: 上犹县) is a county under the jurisdiction of Ganzhou Municipality, in Jiangxi province.	Shangyou County	Ganzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Howell Island Conservation Area protected area covering 2,547 acres (10.31 km2) and managed by the Missouri Department of Conservation on Howell Island located in the Missouri River in Boone Township, St. Charles County, Missouri, although the MDOC land surrounding the parking area is in St. Louis County.	Howell Island Conservation Area	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Norton Reservoir is a lake/reservoir/pond within the towns of Norton and Mansfield, in southeastern Massachusetts.	Norton Reservoir	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Älvkarleby Municipality (Älvkarleby kommun) is a municipality in Uppsala County in east central Sweden.	Älvkarleby Municipality	Uppsala County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Parc Floral de la Source is a French garden situated to the south of the River Loire, in the La Source neighbourhood of the town of Orléans, in the département of Loiret.	Parc Floral de la Source	Orléans
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clothall is a village in the civil parish of Clothall and Luffenhall in Hertfordshire, England with a population of 358.	Clothall	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vievis ( pronunciation , Polish: Jewie) is a small city in Elektrėnai municipality, Lithuania.	Vievis	Elektrėnai municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lisiya is an almost abandoned village in Blagoevgrad Municipality, in Blagoevgrad Province, Bulgaria.	Lisiya	Blagoevgrad Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Ręczno (kɔˈlɔɲa ˈrɛnt͡ʂnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ręczno, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kolonia Ręczno	Gmina Ręczno
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Strzelecki Desert Lakes Important Bird Area comprises a series of ephemeral waterbodies in the arid Strzelecki Desert of the Far North region of South Australia.	Strzelecki Desert Lakes Important Bird Area	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Margaret of Cortona School, also known as SMS, is a Middle States Accredited Catholic Elementary School located in Riverdale, in the Bronx, New York.	St. Margaret of Cortona School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Culdaff (Irish: Cúil Dabhcha) is a village on the Inishowen peninsula of County Donegal, Ireland.	Culdaff	County Donegal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toledo Sports Arena was a 5,230-seat multi-purpose arena at 1 Main Street, Toledo, Ohio.	Toledo Sports Arena	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milton Lodge is a house and garden overlooking the city of Wells in the English county of Somerset.	Milton Lodge	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaderabad-e Murtan (Persian: قادرابادمورتان‎, also Romanized as Qāderābād-e Mūrtān; also known as Ghader Abad, Kādarābād, and Qāderābād) is a village in Damen Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Qaderabad-e Murtan	Damen Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kachemak Bay State Park and Kachemak Bay Wilderness Park is a 400,000-acre (1,600 km2) park in and around Kachemak Bay, Alaska.	Kachemak Bay State Park	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cibiru is one of the 30 districts of Bandung city in West Java, and the location of an Islamic school (UIN Sunan Gunung Djati) and Pharmacy School (Sekolah Tinggi Farmasi Bandung) near West Java district based Police	Cibiru	Bandung
located in the administrative territorial entity	Birchley Hall is a grade II* listed Elizabethan house built in about 1594, in Billinge, Merseyside, England.	Birchley Hall	Billinge, Merseyside
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milwińska Huta (milˈviɲska ˈxuta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Luzino, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Milwińska Huta	Gmina Luzino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puget Sound Community School (known within the school community as PSCS) is a very small private school located in Seattle, Washington.	Puget Sound Community School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eibsee is a lake in Bavaria, Germany, 9 km southwest of Garmisch-Partenkirchen and roughly 100 km southwest of Munich.	Eibsee	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Indian Lake Airport (FAA LID: 5G2) is a privately owned, closed airport located in Indian Lake, Pennsylvania, United States.	Indian Lake Airport	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Gaz (Persian: چشمه گز‎, also Romanized as Chashmeh Gaz) is a village in Ekhtiarabad Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Gaz	Ekhtiarabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Christ Church Guilford, historically known as the ``Old Brick Church,'' is an historic Episcopal church located at Guilford, now part of Columbia, in Howard County, Maryland.	Christ Church Guilford	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barston is a village and civil parish in Metropolitan Borough of Solihull in the West Midlands of England.	Barston	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Korchów Pierwszy (ˈkɔrxuf ˈpjɛrfʂɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Księżpol, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Korchów Pierwszy	Gmina Księżpol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upper Slaughter is a village in the English county of Gloucestershire located in the Cotswold district located 4 miles (6.4 km) south west of the town of Stow-on-the-Wold.	Upper Slaughter	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Botallack (Cornish: Bostalek) is a village in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Botallack	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Site historique maritime de la Pointe-au-Père is a maritime museum located in Rimouski, Quebec, Canada, that displays 200 years of maritime history, and includes the only submarine open to the public in Canada, the HMCS Onondaga (S73).	Site historique maritime de la Pointe-au-Père	Rimouski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blagoevgrad Province (Bulgarian: област Благоевград, oblast Blagoevgrad or Благоевградска област, Blagoevgradska oblast), also known as Pirin Macedonia (Bulgarian: Пиринска Македония, Pirinska Makedoniya), is a province (oblast) of southwestern Bulgaria.	Blagoevgrad Province	Bulgaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sahalee Country Club is a private 27-hole golf course and country club in Sammamish, Washington, a suburb east of Seattle.	Sahalee Country Club	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	McMillan Spire (8,004 feet (2,440 m)) is a mountain peak in the Picket Range in the U.S. state of Washington and within North Cascades National Park.	McMillan Spire	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pitt Meadows Secondary School (``PMSS'') is a public high school in Pitt Meadows, British Columbia, part of School District 42 Maple Ridge-Pitt Meadows.	Pitt Meadows Secondary School	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dinwoody Glacier is located in Shoshone National Forest, in the U.S. state of Wyoming on the east side of the Continental Divide in the Wind River Range.	Dinwoody Glacier	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patle is a Village Development Committee in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal.	Patle	Okhaldhunga District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colômbia is a municipality in the northern part of the state of São Paulo in Brazil.	Colômbia	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Johnson County Community College (JCCC) is a 245 acres (99 ha) community college located in Overland Park, Kansas at College Boulevard and Quivira Road.	Johnson County Community College	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bollman Truss Railroad Bridge at Savage, Maryland is the sole surviving example of a revolutionary design in the history of American bridge engineering.	Bollman Truss Railroad Bridge	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Reuel E. Smith House, also known as The Cove, located at 28 West Lake Street in Skaneateles, New York, is a picturesque house designed by Alexander Jackson Davis.	Reuel E. Smith House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Placanica (Greek: Lakonikà) is a comune (commune or municipality) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) south of Catanzaro and about 80 kilometres (50 mi) northeast of Reggio Calabria.	Placanica	Province of Reggio Calabria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żyrów (ˈʐɨruf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Żyrów	Gmina Chynów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Metro Vancouver is the name of a political body and corporate entity designated by provincial legislation as one of the regional districts in British Columbia, Canada.	Metro Vancouver	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nizhnevartovsk (Russian: Нижневартовск; IPA: (nʲɪʐnʲɪˈvartəfsk)) is the second largest city in Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug, Russia, located along the right bank of the Ob River.	Nizhnevartovsk	Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marakkarkandy is a small coastal village in Kannur district of Kerala state, south India.	Marakkarkandy	Kannur district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Indian Creek Bridge is a wrought iron bridge, built about 1880 to the east of Cedar Rapids, Iowa.	Indian Creek Bridge	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peter Johnsen Rooming House is an historic building near downtown Sycamore, Illinois.	Peter Johnsen Rooming House	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shiawassee River in the U.S. state of Michigan drains an area of 1,201 square miles (3,110 km2) within Oakland, Genesee, Livingston, Shiawassee, Midland and Saginaw counties.	Shiawassee River	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estadio La Independencia (Spanish for The Independence Stadium) is a multi-use stadium in the city of Tunja, Colombia.	Estadio La Independencia	Tunja
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jasmine Hill Gardens (20 acres) is a botanical garden located on U. S. Route 231 near Wetumpka, Alabama, north of Montgomery.	Jasmine Hill Gardens	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Band-e Kahnuj (Persian: بندكهنوج‎, also Romanized as Band-e Kahnūj and Band Kahnūj) is a village in Heruz Rural District, Kuhsaran District, Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Band-e Kahnuj	Kuhsaran District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jinhu County (simplified Chinese: 金湖县; traditional Chinese: 金湖縣; pinyin: Jīnhú Xiàn; literally: ``golden lake'') is under the administration of Huai'an, Jiangsu province, China.	Jinhu County	Huai'an
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dana County (Persian: شهرستان دنا‎; Lurish: شݴرستانی دنا ) is a county in Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province in Iran.	Dana County	Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lasjan is situated in Srinagar (south) tehsil and located in Srinagar district of Jammu and Kashmir.	Lasjan	Jammu and Kashmir
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mueang Haeng (Thai: เมืองแหง) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Wiang Haeng District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Mueang Haeng	Wiang Haeng
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahidol University International Demonstration School (MUIDS) is an international high school in Thailand located at Mahidol University Salaya Campus.	Mahidol University International Demonstration School	Salaya
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Communauté de communes Coteaux et Châteaux was a communauté de communes in the Hérault département and in the Languedoc-Roussillon region of France.	Communauté de communes Coteaux et Châteaux	Hérault
located in the administrative territorial entity	Margowo (marˈɡɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świerzno, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Margowo	Gmina Świerzno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roholte is a village and parish in Faxe Municipality, Region Zealand, Denmark.	Roholte	Faxe Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaworowo-Lipa (javɔˈrɔvɔ ˈlipa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jaworowo-Lipa	Gmina Zawidz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Looking Glass River in the U.S. state of Michigan is a river flowing through the central region of the Lower Peninsula.	Looking Glass River	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Paul's Anglican Grammar School is a coeducational Anglican independent school founded in 1982 in Warragul, Victoria, Australia.	St Paul's Anglican Grammar School	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Waynesville Baptist Church is a Baptist church in Waynesville, a small town in the Great Smoky Mountains of Western North Carolina, United States of America.	East Waynesville Baptist Church	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laurel Fork South Wilderness is a U.S. Wilderness Area located in the Greenbrier Ranger District of Monongahela National Forest in West Virginia.	Laurel Fork South Wilderness	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	45 Fremont Street is a 34-story, 476 ft (145 m) office skyscraper in the Financial District of San Francisco, California between Market Street and Mission Street.	45 Fremont Street	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thangayur is a village in the west of Salem District, Tamil Nadu, India.	Thangayur	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oak Hill Welsh Congregational Church is a historic former church in the village of Oak Hill, Ohio, United States.	Oak Hill Welsh Congregational Church	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taj Boyuk (Persian: تاج بيوك‎, also Romanized as Tāj Boyūk; also known as Tājībeyūk, Tājī Boūk and Tājī Boyūk) is a village in Mehmandust Rural District, Kuraim District, Nir County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Taj Boyuk	Mehmandust Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dubasiewszczyzna (dubaɕefʂˈt͡ʂɨzna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchowola, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Dubasiewszczyzna	Gmina Suchowola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bogoyna is a village in Tran Municipality in Pernik Province, western Bulgaria.	Bogoyna	Tran Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Latchford is a suburb and electoral ward of Warrington, Cheshire, England.	Latchford	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grosse Ile Toll Bridge is a swing bridge that crosses the Trenton Channel of the Detroit River connecting Grosse Ile Township, Michigan to the mainland in Riverview, Michigan which is located in Wayne County, Michigan.	Grosse Ile Toll Bridge	Wayne County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grabowy Las (ɡraˈbɔvɨ ˈlas) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Grabowy Las	Gmina Stromiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xihe District (simplified Chinese: 细河区; traditional Chinese: 細河區; pinyin: Xìhé Qū) is a district of Fuxin City, Liaoning province, People's Republic of China.	Xihe District	Fuxin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lehigh Valley Mall is an enclosed super-regional shopping mall located in Whitehall Township, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania in the United States.	Lehigh Valley Mall	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rey Zamin (Persian: ري زمين‎, also Romanized as Rey Zamīn) was a village in Asara Rural District, Asara District, Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Rey Zamin	Asara Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ileanda (Hungarian: Nagyilonda) is a commune located in Sălaj County, Romania.	Ileanda	Sălaj County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ozark National Scenic Riverways is a national park in the Ozarks of southern Missouri in the U.S..	Ozark National Scenic Riverways	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hampton Hill Historic District encompasses the historic village center of Hampton, Connecticut, a small rural community in Windham County.	Hampton Hill Historic District	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Molland is small village, civil parish, dual ecclesiastical parish with Knowstone and former manor, located on the southern slopes of the foothills of Exmoor in Devon, England.	Molland	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Station Road Ground is a cricket ground located off Station Road in Whalley, Lancashire.	Station Road Ground	Whalley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shoeburyness (also called ``Shoebury'') is a town in southeast Essex, England, at the mouth of the Thames Estuary.	Shoeburyness	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	The General Theological Seminary of the Episcopal Church (GTS) is a seminary of the Episcopal Church in the United States located between West 20th and 21st Streets and Ninth and Tenth Avenues in the Chelsea neighborhood of Manhattan, New York.	General Theological Seminary	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teller Brothers-Reed Tobacco Historic District is a historic cigar factory and tobacco warehouse complex and national historic district located at Lancaster, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.	Teller Brothers-Reed Tobacco Historic District	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hackney Marshes is an area of grassland on the western bank of the River Lea in the London Borough of Hackney.	Hackney Marshes	London Borough of Hackney
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Allerpark is a public leisure park in the German city of Wolfsburg.	Allerpark	Wolfsburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mammoth Mountain is a lava dome complex west of the town of Mammoth Lakes, California, in the Inyo National Forest of Madera and Mono Counties.	Mammoth Mountain	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plumbland is a village and civil parish in the Allerdale District in the county of Cumbria.	Plumbland	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harir is a town and sub-district located in the district of Shaqlawa, Erbil, Iraq.	Harir	Shaqlawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The White Oak Pocosin is a large swamp in northern Onslow County and southern Jones County, North Carolina in the United States.	White Oak Pocosin	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzesk-Królowa Niwa (ˈkʂɛsk kruˈlɔva ˈniva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Krzesk-Królowa Niwa	Gmina Zbuczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Antioch University New England is a private graduate school located in Keene, New Hampshire, United States.	Antioch University New England	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Ashtiyas (Persian: مزرعه اشتياس‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Āshtīyās) is a village in Seh Hezar Rural District, Khorramabad District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Ashtiyas	Seh Hezar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Buchan Caves are a group of limestone caves that include the Royal Cave and the Fairy Cave, located south-west of Buchan, in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.	Buchan Caves	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Station Inn is a concert venue in Nashville, Tennessee that hosts bluegrass acts.	Station Inn	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mayeh Darrahsi (Persian: مايه دره سي‎, also Romanized as Māyeh Darrahsī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Mayeh Darrahsi	Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Levington is a small village in the Suffolk Coastal District, in the county of Suffolk.	Levington	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sabathu is a cantonment town in Solan district in the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh.	Sabathu	Solan
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Salle Institute (LSI) is an all-male private Catholic college preparatory school enrolling young men in grades six through twelve in North Greenbush, New York, USA.	La Salle Institute	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Voie Sacrée (``Sacred Way'') is a road that connects Bar-le-Duc to Verdun (Meuse), France.	Voie Sacrée	Meuse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Disney's Hilton Head Island Resort is a Disney Vacation Club Resort and vacation rental accommodation, part of the Disney brand of timeshares, located in Hilton Head Island, South Carolina.	Disney's Hilton Head Island Resort	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monasterevin (Irish: Mhainistir Eimhín) is a town in County Kildare in Ireland.	Monasterevin	County Kildare
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thompson Falls High School is a high school in Thompson Falls, Sanders County, Montana, United States.	Thompson Falls High School	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gundabooka National Park is a protected national park that is located in the north-west region of New South Wales, in eastern Australia.	Gundabooka National Park	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ice Cube Curling Center (Керлинговый Центр Ледяной куб) is a 3,000-seat multi-purpose arena in Sochi, Russia, that opened in 2012.	Ice Cube Curling Center	Sochi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suatu (Hungarian: Magyarszovát) is a commune in Cluj County, Romania.	Suatu	Cluj County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Davidson College is a private liberal arts college in Davidson, North Carolina with a historic 665-acre main campus and a 110-acre lake campus on Lake Norman.	Davidson College	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Stephens by Launceston Rural is a civil parish in the east of Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	St Stephens by Launceston Rural	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lepno (ˈlɛpnɔ) (German Löpen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychliki, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lepno	Gmina Rychliki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ellenabad, previously known as Kharial, is a city with a municipal committee in the Sirsa district of the state of Haryana, India.	Ellenabad	Sirsa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adigan (Persian: اديگان‎, also Romanized as Ādīgān and Ādīkān; also known as Ādinān, Adnīān, and Edīnān) is a village in Kahshang Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Adigan	Kahshang Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roszki (ˈrɔʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Roszki	Gmina Krotoszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Adamasta Channel (Chinese: 北長洲海峽) is a narrow passage between the Chi Ma Wan Peninsula of Lantau Island and Cheung Chau island in Hong Kong.	Adamasta Channel	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	WTKK (106.1 FM), known as ``106.1 WTKK, More Stimulating Talk Radio'', is a talk radio formatted radio station that serves the Raleigh-Durham market of North Carolina.	WTKK	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bak Kandi (Persian: بك كندي‎, also Romanized as Bak Kandī and Bakandī; also known as Beg Kandī, Beyg Kandī, and Bikandi) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District, Kuhin District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Bak Kandi	Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lee-Davis High School is located in Mechanicsville, Virginia, United States, a suburb of Richmond.	Lee-Davis High School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mishnu (Persian: ميشنو‎, also Romanized as Mīshnū; also known as Mīshū) is a village in Gabrik Rural District, in the Central District of Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Mishnu	Gabrik Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miran Mahalleh (Persian: ميران محله‎, also Romanized as Mīrān Maḩalleh) is a village in Machian Rural District, Kelachay District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Miran Mahalleh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Calvin Coolidge House is a historic house at 19-21 Massasoit Street in Northampton, Massachusetts that was home to President of the United States Calvin Coolidge between 1906 and 1930.	Calvin Coolidge House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Königsallee (German pronunciation: (ˈkøːnɪçˌsaleː), literally ``King's Avenue'') is an urban boulevard in Düsseldorf, state capital of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Königsallee	Düsseldorf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gardie House is an 18th-century estate house on Bressay in Shetland, Scotland.	Gardie House	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dry Lake Wind Power Project in Navajo County is Arizona's first utility-scale wind farm.	Dry Lake Wind Power Project	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tuskegee Veterans Administration Medical Center began in 1923 as an old soldiers' home in Tuskegee, Alabama.	Tuskegee Veterans Administration Medical Center	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dreamworld is a theme park situated on the Gold Coast in Queensland.	Dreamworld	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varzo is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 130 kilometres (81 mi) northeast of Turin and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) northwest of Verbania, on the border with Switzerland.	Varzo	Verbano-Cusio-Ossola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Mishan (Persian: پيرميشان‎, also Romanized as Pīr Mīshān; also known as Pīr Meshān and Pirmashān) is a village in Jowkar Rural District, Jowkar District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Pir Mishan	Jowkar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maruszkowo (maruʂˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czempiń, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Maruszkowo	Gmina Czempiń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Durak Qalandran (Persian: دورک قلندران‎, also Romanized as Dūrak Qalandrān) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Durak Qalandran	Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Noss Mayo is a village in the civil parish of Newton and Noss in the South Hams district of south-west Devon, England, about 6 miles south-east of Plymouth.	Noss Mayo	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sasabune is a Japanese sushi restaurant located at 401 East 73rd Street (between First Avenue and York Avenue) on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, in New York City.	Sasabune	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Runów-Osada (ˈrunuf ɔˈsada) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Runów-Osada	Gmina Piaseczno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piedras Blancas, located in the parish of Laspra, is within easy access by motorway to the main urban areas of Asturias (i.e. Oviedo, Gijón, Avilés), and many of its residents commute daily to those areas.	Piedras Blancas	Laspra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sakhasi Tappeh (Persian: ساخسي تپه‎, also Romanized as Sākhasī Tappeh) is a village in Beygom Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Naqadeh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sakhasi Tappeh	Beygom Qaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Altrathen Castle (German: Burg Altrathen) is located on a rock outcrop near Rathen in Saxon Switzerland in the German Free State of Saxony.	Altrathen Castle	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vista Theater is a theatre located at 218 Iron Street in Negaunee, Michigan.	Vista Theater	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Musa Ali (Persian: موسي علي‎, also Romanized as Mūsá ``Alī) is a village in Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District, Rudkhaneh District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 82, in 20 families.	Musa Ali	Rudkhaneh Bar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Red Sucker Lake is a Canadian lake in the northeastern part of Manitoba, near its border with Ontario.	Red Sucker Lake	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalbornia (kalˈbɔrɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówno, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kalbornia	Gmina Dąbrówno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eckert Presbyterian Church previously known as First Presbyterian Church of Eckert is an historic church at 13025 Colorado Highway 65 in Eckert, Colorado.	Eckert Presbyterian Church	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kosobądź (kɔˈsɔbɔnt͡ɕ) (German: Kotzbahn) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowice, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kosobądź	Gmina Ostrowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gates Airport (FAA LID: 7D8) is a public use airport in Geauga County, Ohio, United States.	Gates Airport	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Molendy (mɔˈlɛndɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garbatka-Letnisko, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Molendy	Gmina Garbatka-Letnisko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Par Khalil (Persian: پرخليل‎, also Romanized as Par Khalīl) is a village in Margha Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Par Khalil	Margha Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Zubly Cemetery near Beech Island, South Carolina, which is a small community in Aiken County, South Carolina was established around 1790 by Swiss settlers of the nearby New Windsor Township.	Zubly Cemetery	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Khankowr (Persian: حسين ابادخانكور‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Khānḵowr; also known as Ḩoseynābād and Khāneh Kūr) is a village in Daman Kuh Rural District, in the Central District of Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Khankowr	Daman Kuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ycatapom Peak (/waɪˈkɑːtəpɒm/ or /waɪˈkætəpɒm/) is a mountain in the Trinity Alps in California, USA.	Ycatapom Peak	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lane University was a college located in Lecompton, Kansas.	Lane University	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mozhdeheh (Persian: مژدهه‎; also known as Mozhdeheh Bālā) is a village in Jirdeh Rural District, in the Central District of Shaft County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Mozhdeheh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sightings of the Florida Manatee are common at Black Point Marina.	Black Point Marina	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calcasieu Lake is a brackish lake located in southwest Louisiana, United States, located mostly within Cameron Parish.	Calcasieu Lake	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Erskine College-Due West Historic District, is a historic district in Due West, South Carolina, in the United States.	Erskine College-Due West Historic District	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rectory, Catholic Church of the Assumption is a historic rectory at 563 Ocean Avenue in Ferndale, California which was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.	Rectory, Catholic Church of the Assumption	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canazei (Ladin: Cianacèi, German: Kanetschei, Kanzenei or Kanascheid) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located in the upper part of the Val di Fassa, about 110 kilometres (68 mi) northeast of Trento.	Canazei	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tsing Leng Tsui (Chinese: 青嶺嘴) is a former cape on Tsing Yi Island, Hong Kong between the former Tsing Yi Bay and the Rambler Channel.	Tsing Leng Tsui	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abercych (or Abercuch, Welsh pronunciation: (ɑbərkiːx)) is a small village in the community of Manordeifi, northeast Pembrokeshire in South West Wales.	Abercych	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bellefonte Furnace was a hot blast iron furnace located in Bellefonte, Pennsylvania.	Bellefonte Furnace	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yandina Airport (IATA: XYA, ICAO: AGGY) is an airport on Mbanika in the Solomon Islands.	Yandina Airport	Mbanika
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patli Dar (Persian: پتليدر‎, also Romanized as Patlī Dar, Patlīdar, and Potlīdar; also known as Patliyār) is a village in Zhavarud-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Patli Dar	Zhavarud-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tlacolula de Matamoros is a city and municipality in the Mexican state of Oaxaca, about 30 km from the center of the city of Oaxaca on Federal Highway 190, which leads east to Mitla and the Isthmus of Tehuantepec.	Tlacolula de Matamoros	Oaxaca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Citice (German: Zieditz) is a village and municipality in Sokolov District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.	Citice	Sokolov District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elmira Correctional Facility, also known as ``The Hill'', is a maximum security state prison located in Chemung County, New York, in the City of Elmira.	Elmira Correctional Facility	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mission Santa Clara de Asís is a Spanish mission founded by the Franciscan order in the present-day city of Santa Clara, California.	Mission Santa Clara de Asís	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kowloon Bay Park (Chinese: 九龍灣公園) is a public park in Kowloon Bay, Kowloon, Hong Kong.	Kowloon Bay Park	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nauset Regional High School an NEASC accredited High School located in North Eastham, Massachusetts.	Nauset Regional High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Women's City Club is a women's club located at 2110 Park Avenue in Downtown Detroit, Michigan, within the Park Avenue Historic District.	Women's City Club	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palm Springs High School is a public high school for grades 9 through 12 located in Palm Springs, California as part of the Palm Springs Unified School District.	Palm Springs High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaqa Narges Rural District (Persian: دهستان چقانرگس‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Chaqa Narges Rural District	Mahidasht District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Van Gilder Hotel is a historic multipurpose commercial and civic building at 307 Adams Street in Seward, Alaska, United States.	Van Gilder Hotel	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sackville High School is a Canadian public secondary school located in the community of Lower Sackville, Nova Scotia.	Sackville High School	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aygestan (Armenian: Այգեստան; formerly, Ayaslu) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.	Aygestan	Ararat Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lexham is a parish consisting of the twin villages of East Lexham and West Lexham situated in the Breckland District of Norfolk and covers an area of 9.73 km2 (3.76 sq mi) with a population of 157 at the 2001 census.	Lexham	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stadion Suche Stawy, Polish pronunciation: (ˈstadʲɔn ˈsuxɛ ˈstavɨ); is a multi-purpose stadium in Kraków, Poland.	Stadion Suche Stawy	Kraków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tibbitt to Contwoyto Winter Road is an annual ice road first built in 1982 to service mines and exploration activities in the Northwest Territories and Nunavut in Northern Canada.	Tibbitt to Contwoyto Winter Road	Northwest Territories
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nine Partners Meeting House and Cemetery is located at the junction of NY state highway 343 and Church Street, in the village of Millbrook, New York, United States.	Nine Partners Meeting House and Cemetery	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Desert Eagle Observatory (IAU code 333) is a private amateur astronomical observatory, situated near Benson, Arizona, United States.	Desert Eagle Observatory	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Safar Khvajeh (Persian: صفرخواجه‎, also Romanized as Şafar Khvājeh and Safar Khwājeh) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Nazarabad County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Safar Khvajeh	Ahmadabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Kahriza (Persian: سركهريزا‎, also Romanized as Sar Kahrīzā; also known as Sar Kahzā) is a village in Khormarud-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Azadshahr County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Sar Kahriza	Khormarud-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KZLZ (105.3 FM) is a Regional Mexican radio station that serves Tucson, Arizona.	KZLZ	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ray Sheeran Field is a rugby facility on Treasure Island in San Francisco, California that opened in 2005.	Ray Sheeran Field	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dziewiętlice ((d͡ʑɛvjɛnˈtlit͡sɛ), German: Heinersdorf, Czech: Pruský Jindřichov) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paczków, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Dziewiętlice	Gmina Paczków
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wild Animal Sanctuary is a 720-acre (290 ha) animal sanctuary located near Keenesburg, Colorado, United States.	The Wild Animal Sanctuary	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Thérèse Chapel and Academy is a Traditionalist Catholic church and children's school in Nicholville, New York, operated by the Society of Saint Pius X (SSPX).	St. Thérèse Chapel and Academy	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shade Gap Feed and Flour Mill, also known as C.J. Hess Mill, is a historic grist mill located at Dublin Township in Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania.	Shade Gap Feed and Flour Mill	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montesquiu (Catalan pronunciation: (muntəsˈkiw)) is a municipality in the comarca of Osona in Catalonia, Spain.	Montesquiu	Osona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Mateo Union High School District is a high school district headquartered in San Mateo, California.	San Mateo Union High School District	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Amherst Central Business District is a historic district encompassing the heart of downtown Amherst, Massachusetts.	Amherst Central Business District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Latalice (lataˈlit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pobiedziska, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Latalice	Gmina Pobiedziska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halensee is a locality (Ortsteil) of Berlin in the district (Bezirk) of Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf.	Halensee	Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East Market Street Church of Christ is a historic former church building in Akron, Ohio, United States.	East Market Street Church of Christ	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudboneh Rural District (Persian: دهستان رودبنه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Rudboneh District, Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Rudboneh Rural District	Rudboneh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wahoo Municipal Airport (ICAO: KAHQ, FAA LID: AHQ) is two miles northeast of Wahoo, in Saunders County, Nebraska.	Wahoo Municipal Airport	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gotham House is a Grade II* listed merchant's townhouse on Phoenix Lane in Tiverton, Devon, just to the northeast of the Tiverton Museum of Mid Devon Life.	Gotham House	Mid Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vastan (Persian: واستان‎, also Romanized as Vāstān) is a village in Tangeh Soleyman Rural District, Kolijan Rostaq District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Vastan	Tangeh Soleyman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gamblesby is a village near Melmerby, In the civil parish of Glassonby, Cumbria, England.	Gamblesby	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blue Man Cape (or Blueman Cape) is a peninsula in the Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Blue Man Cape	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Claig Castle was a stronghold of the Clan Donald or MacDonald in the south of Scotland.	Claig Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The One Roxas Triangle, also known as the One Roxas Triangle Tower 1 or Roxas Triangle Tower One, is a residential condominium skyscraper located in Makati, Philippines.	One Roxas Triangle	Makati
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rotes Rathaus (Red City Hall) is the town hall of Berlin, located in the Mitte district on Rathausstraße near Alexanderplatz.	Rotes Rathaus	Mitte
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Shantok, in Montville, Connecticut, was the site of the principal Mohegan settlement between 1636 to 1682 and the sacred ground of Uncas, one of the most prominent and influential Mohegan leaders and statesmen of his era.	Fort Shantok	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strykowice Podleśne (strɨkɔˈvit͡sɛ pɔdˈlɛɕnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Strykowice Podleśne	Gmina Zwoleń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khoruk (Persian: خروك‎, also Romanized as Khorūḵ) is a village in Shonbeh Rural District, Shonbeh and Tasuj District, Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Khoruk	Shonbeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Divandar (Persian: ديواندر‎, also Romanized as Dīvāndar; also known as Dīvāneh Dar) is a village in Tabas Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Divandar	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Spratt's Complex in Poplar (London Borough of Tower Hamlets) is an old pet food factory which was converted c.1985 into approximately 150 live/work units and was among the first warehouse conversions in London.	Spratt's Complex	London Borough of Tower Hamlets
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grand Bénare is a volcanic peak on the island of Réunion, located in the Western part of the island, overlooking the ``Cirque de Mafate'' and ``Cirque de Cilaos''.	Grand Bénare	Cilaos
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hurley River is a major tributary of the Bridge River of west-central British Columbia that was earlier known as the South Fork of that larger river.	Hurley River	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palmerston Boulevard is a residential street located in the city of Toronto, Ontario, Canada, two blocks west of Bathurst Street, between Koreatown and Little Italy.	Palmerston Boulevard	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Snailbeach is a village in Shropshire, England, located near Shrewsbury at grid reference SJ375025.	Snailbeach	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Deerwood Auditorium is a community center in Deerwood, Minnesota, United States, built as a Works Progress Administration project.	Deerwood Auditorium	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grassmoor is a village in Derbyshire, England, approximately three miles to the south of Chesterfield.	Grassmoor	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Archer Avenue, sometimes known as Archer Road outside the Chicago, Illinois city limits, is a diagonal thoroughfare running northeast-to-southwest between Chicago's Chinatown and Lockport, Illinois.	Archer Avenue	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dale Cemetery located in Ossining, New York is a town-owned cemetery encompassing 47 acres (19 ha) and has been operational since October 1851.	Dale Cemetery	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sang-e Sayyad (Persian: سنگ صياد‎, also Romanized as Sang-e Şayyād) is a village in Qaleh Asgar Rural District, Lalehzar District, Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sang-e Sayyad	Lalehzar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tucker Wildlife Sanctuary is a non-profit nature reserve on the Santa Ana Mountains in Orange County, California in the United States.	Tucker Wildlife Sanctuary	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	China Basin Landing is an office complex in the Mission Bay area of San Francisco, California.	China Basin Landing	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tenbridge is a vertical-lift railroad bridge over the Tennessee River in Chattanooga, Tennessee.	Tenbridge	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Argavary (Persian: ارگوارئ‎, also Romanized as Ārgavāry; also known as Sarāb Khomān Arkvāzy (Persian: سراب خمان اركوازئ) and Sarāb Khomān) is a village in Howmeh-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Argavary	Howmeh-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuraim District (Persian: بخش کوراییم‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Nir County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Kuraim District	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gateforth is a small village and civil parish located in North Yorkshire, England.	Gateforth	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lock and Dam No. 5 is a lock and dam located between Buffalo County, Wisconsin and Winona County, Minnesota on the Upper Mississippi River around river mile 738.1.	Lock and Dam No. 5	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sloupnice is a large village in the Svitavy District (until January 1, 2007, in the Ústí nad Orlicí District) of the Pardubice Region in the northeast of Bohemia, Czech Republic.	Sloupnice	Svitavy District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bernardswiller (German: Bernhardsweiler) is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace in northeastern France.	Bernardswiller	Bas-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Felt Cobblestone General Store is a historic general store located at the hamlet of East Victor in Victor in Ontario County, New York.	Felt Cobblestone General Store	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Langdon House is a historic house on the eastern side of Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.	Langdon House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Volkswagen Arena (German pronunciation: (ˈfɔlksvaːɡən ʔaˈʁeːna)) is a football stadium in the German city of Wolfsburg, Lower Saxony.	Volkswagen Arena	Wolfsburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siersleben is a part of the town Gerbstedt and a village in the Mansfeld-Südharz district, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Siersleben	Gerbstedt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pariapuram is a dhesam (village sub-division) situated near Angadipuram village of the Malappuram District of Kerala in the country of India.	Pariapuram	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heritage Pointe is a hamlet located in Alberta, Canada within the Municipal District of Foothills No. 31.	Heritage Pointe	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mehrabad-e Shor Shor (Persian: مهرابادشرشر‎, also Romanized as Mehrābād-e Shor Shor; also known as Mehrābād and Mehrābādā) is a village in Kenevist Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mehrabad-e Shor Shor	Kenevist Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dolbeau-Mistassini is in the Maria-Chapdelaine Regional County Municipality and is the commercial hub of Lac-St-Jean with big stores and shopping centres.	Dolbeau-Mistassini	Maria-Chapdelaine Regional County Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajji Seyflu (Persian: حاج سيفلو‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Seyflū) is a village in Arshaq-e Shomali Rural District, Arshaq District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Hajji Seyflu	Arshaq-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir-e Chaleh (Persian: پيرچاله‎, also Romanized as Pīr-e Chāleh) is a village in Darz and Sayeban Rural District, in the Central District of Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Pir-e Chaleh	Darz and Sayeban Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Francisquito Pass is a mountain pass in the Sierra Pelona Mountains, located northeast of Green Valley and Santa Clarita, in northern Los Angeles County, California.	San Francisquito Pass	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North American Plate is a tectonic plate covering most of North America, Greenland, Cuba, the Bahamas, and parts of Iceland and the Azores.	North American Plate	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Point Potrero is a point in San Pablo Bay forming a cape and hugging the Potrero Hills in Richmond, California.	Point Potrero	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bay Roberts (2011 Population 5,818; UA population 10,871; Census Agglomeration 10,871) is located on the north shore of Conception Bay on the Bay de Verde Peninsula in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Bay Roberts	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Małachowo-Kępe (mawaˈxɔvɔ ˈkɛmpɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witkowo, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Małachowo-Kępe	Gmina Witkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cwmyoy (Welsh: Cwm-iou) is an extensive rural parish in Monmouthshire, Wales.	Cwmyoy	Monmouthshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kozma Street Cemetery is the biggest Jewish cemetery of Budapest, Hungary.	Kozma Street Cemetery	Budapest
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rosanów (rɔˈsanuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgierz, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Rosanów	Gmina Zgierz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazi Kalleh (Persian: مازي كله‎, also Romanized as Māzī Kalleh; also known as Muzikalah) is a village in Ahandan Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Mazi Kalleh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George Houston House, also known as the ``Wall-Houston House'', is a private historic home between Mooresville and Davidson, North Carolina in Iredell County that was built in 1818.	George Houston House	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Betty and Wilbur Davis State Park is a state park located in Otsego County, New York, USA.	Betty and Wilbur Davis State Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Zachery-Tolbert House, also known as the Mordecai Zachary House, is a restored pre-American Civil War house located at Cashiers, Jackson County, North Carolina.	Mordecai Zachary House	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sajna Wielka (ˈsai̯na ˈvjɛlka) (German Schrankheim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sajna Wielka	Gmina Korsze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Devou Park is a city park in Covington, Kentucky.	Devou Park	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wierszyno (vjɛrˈʂɨnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołczygłowy, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wierszyno	Gmina Kołczygłowy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gennargentu (IPA: (dʒennarˈdʒɛntu)) is a large massif in central-southern Sardinia, Italy, encompassing the provinces of Nuoro and Ogliastra.	Gennargentu	Sardinia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Qaleh Sofla (Persian: سرقلعه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Sar Qal``eh Soflá) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 103, in 18 families.	Sar Qaleh Sofla	Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dyckman House, now the Dyckman Farmhouse Museum, is the oldest remaining farmhouse on Manhattan island, a reminder of New York City's rural past.	Dyckman House	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klasak (ˈklasak) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęka Opatowska, within Kępno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Klasak	Gmina Łęka Opatowska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sharon Valley Historic District is located around the junction of Kings Hill, Sharon Valley and Sharon Station roads in Sharon, Connecticut, United States.	Sharon Valley Historic District	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holy Cross Monastery and Church is a registered historic building complex in Cincinnati, Ohio, listed in the National Register on September 13, 1978.	Holy Cross Monastery and Church	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bendigo Workshops is a railway workshop located in the provincial city of Bendigo, Victoria, Australia.	Bendigo Workshops	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Endicott Pear Tree, also known as the Endecott Pear, is a European Pear (Pyrus communis) tree located in Danvers, Essex County, Massachusetts.	Endicott Pear Tree	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dogliola is a village and comune in the Province of Chieti in Abruzzo, Italy, 25 kilometres (16 mi) from Vasto, at an elevation of 445 metres (1,460 ft) above sea level, overlooking the river Trigno valley.	Dogliola	Province of Chieti
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chali Bolagh (Persian: چالي بلاغ‎, also Romanized as Chālī Bolāgh) is a village in Seylatan Rural District, in the Central District of Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Chali Bolagh	Seylatan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nikanassin Range s a group of mountain ranges in the Canadian Rockies on the eastern edge of Jasper National Park in Alberta, Canada.	Nikanassin Range	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Powell Lake is a lake in the northern Sunshine Coast region of British Columbia, Canada, adjacent to the city of Powell River, which sits on the low rise of land forming a natural dam between the lake and the Strait of Georgia.	Powell Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Essex Regional School District is a regional public school district serving students in seventh through twelfth grade from Essex Fells, Fairfield, North Caldwell and Roseland, four municipalities in western Essex County, New Jersey, United States.	West Essex Regional School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scarcewater is a hamlet west-northwest of St Stephen in Brannel in mid Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Scarcewater	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albertowsko (albɛrˈtɔfskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk Wielkopolski, within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Albertowsko	Gmina Grodzisk Wielkopolski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horton Grand Hotel is a restoration of two historic hotels, the Grand Horton and the Brooklyn Kahle Saddlery, in downtown San Diego, California.	Horton Grand Hotel	San Diego
located in the administrative territorial entity	Friedrichsfelde is a German locality (Ortsteil) within the borough (Bezirk) of Lichtenberg, Berlin.	Friedrichsfelde	Lichtenberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostromecko (ɔstrɔˈmɛt͡skɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Chełmińska, within Bydgoszcz County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Ostromecko	Gmina Dąbrowa Chełmińska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dr. Phillips Center for the Performing Arts is a performing arts center in Downtown Orlando, Florida, United States.	Dr. Phillips Center for the Performing Arts	Orlando
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qostin Rud (Persian: قسطين رود‎, also Romanized as Qosţīn Rūd) is a village in Rudbar-e Mohammad-e Zamani Rural District, Alamut-e Gharbi District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Qostin Rud	Rudbar-e Mohammad-e Zamani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Judge Isaac C. Parker Federal Building, also known as the Fort Smith U.S. Post Office and Courthouse, in Fort Smith, Arkansas, was built in 1937 in Classical Revival style.	Judge Isaac C. Parker Federal Building	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hemmatabad-e Chah-e Malek (Persian: همت ابادچاه ملك‎, also Romanized as Hemmatābād-e Chāh Malek; also known as Hemmatābād-e Mashā) is a village in Rigan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hemmatabad-e Chah-e Malek	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eastern Technical High School (ETHS) is a 1997, 2009, and 2010 Maryland Blue Ribbon High School, a 2010 National Blue Ribbon High School, and a 1999 USDE New American High School located in Essex, Baltimore County, Maryland.	Eastern Technical High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hagerman National Wildlife Refuge (HNWR), a haven for migratory birds and other wildlife, lies in northwestern Grayson County, Texas, on the Big Mineral Arm of Lake Texoma, on the Red River between Oklahoma and Texas.	Hagerman National Wildlife Refuge	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wądołki-Borowe (vɔnˈdɔu̯ki bɔˈrɔvɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Wądołki-Borowe	Gmina Zambrów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 15 Wave Avenue in Wakefield, Massachusetts is a well-preserved Italianate style house.	House at 15 Wave Avenue	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bojnord County (Persian: شهرستان بجنورد‎‎) is a county in North Khorasan Province in Iran.	Bojnord County	North Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tejuçuoca is a municipal of the state of Ceará (CE), located in the northeast of Brazil.	Tejuçuoca	Ceará
located in the administrative territorial entity	Café Coco is a 24-hour cafe located at 210 Louise Avenue in Nashville, Tennessee.	Café Coco	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sierszeniska (ɕɛrʂɛˈniska) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Sierszeniska	Gmina Szczecinek
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Richardson L. Wright School was a school in the Nicetown-Tioga neighborhood in northern Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, designed by Lloyd Titus, the Chief Draftsman, from 1901-1905, of the Department of Buildings of the Philadelphia School Board.	Richardson L. Wright School	Philadelphia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jonbed (Persian: جنبد‎; also known as Jombed, Jonbeh, and Jonīd) is a village in Posht Par Rural District, Simakan District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Jonbed	Simakan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sarah J. Baker School is an historic school building at 33 Perrin street in Boston, Massachusetts.	Sarah J. Baker School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yarriambiack Creek, an inland intermittent watercourse of the Wimmera catchment, is located in the Wimmera region of the Australian state of Victoria.	Yarriambiack Creek	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashby de la Zouch Castle (/ˌæʃbɪˌdələˈzuːʃ/) is in the town of Ashby-de-la-Zouch, Leicestershire, England (grid reference SK36061659).	Ashby de la Zouch Castle	Ashby-de-la-Zouch
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sułów Mały (ˈsuwuf ˈmawɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bojanowo, within Rawicz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Sułów Mały	Gmina Bojanowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The community of Dietzhölztal is the northernmost municipality in the Lahn-Dill-Kreis in Hesse, Germany.	Dietzhölztal	Lahn-Dill-Kreis	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tanasee Bald, also called Tennessee Bald, is a mountain near the Blue Ridge Parkway in western North Carolina, on the Haywood/Transylvania border.	Tanasee Bald	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dagny Johnson Key Largo Hammock Botanical State Park is a Florida State Park, located in the center of Key Largo in the Florida Keys, on County Road 905, one-quarter mile north of its intersection with the Overseas Highway (US 1).	Dagny Johnson Key Largo Hammock Botanical State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bodiam Castle (/ˈboʊdiəm/) is a 14th-century moated castle near Robertsbridge in East Sussex, England.	Bodiam Castle	East Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Langworthy House, also known as the Octagon House, is an historic octagon house located at 1095 W. 3rd Street in Dubuque, Iowa.	Langworthy House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Florentynowo (flɔrɛntɨˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Florentynowo	Gmina Ślesin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Excelsior Mountains are located in western Nevada in the United States.	Excelsior Mountains	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ferryhill is a town in south-central County Durham, England, with a population of around 11,651 people, measured in the 2011 census as 9,940, making it the 8th biggest town in the county.	Ferryhill	County Durham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huntington Ravine is a glacial cirque on Mount Washington in the White Mountains of New Hampshire.	Huntington Ravine	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bieker-Wilson Village Site is an archaeological site in the far southeastern section of the U.S. state of Illinois.	Bieker-Wilson Village Site	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Francis Armstrong House in Salt Lake City, Utah dates from 1892.	Francis Armstrong House	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuf Kheymeh (Persian: طوف خيمه‎, also Romanized as Ţūf Kheymeh) is a village in Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Tuf Kheymeh	Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villanova Preparatory School is an Augustinian Catholic co-ed day/ boarding school located in the small town of Ojai, California, USA.	Villanova Preparatory School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Apex Park and Recreation District is a park and recreation district located in the northeastern portion of Jefferson County, Colorado, United States.	Apex Park and Recreation District	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Hoseyni (Persian: ده حسيني‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Ḩoseynī) is a village in Ghazali Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Deh-e Hoseyni	Ghazali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tr'ochëk is the site of a traditional Han fishing camp at the confluence of the Klondike River and Yukon River.	Tr'ochëk	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Vitores Martyrdom Site, located 0.7 miles south of Bijia Point off Guam Highway 4 in Tamuning, Guam, has significance from 1672.	San Vitores Martyrdom Site	Tamuning, Guam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stinking Point is a cape in the U.S. states of Maryland and Virginia.	Stinking Point	Maryland	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arrone is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Terni in the Italian region Umbria, located about 70 km southeast of Perugia and about 10 km east of Terni in the Valnerina.	Arrone	Province of Terni
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kani Holucheh (Persian: كاني هلوچه‎, also Romanized as Kānī Holūcheh; also known as Holūcheh) is a village in Kani Sur Rural District, Namshir District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kani Holucheh	Kani Sur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoi Ha (Chinese: 海下; Jyutping: hoi2 haa6) is a place on the innermost shore of Hoi Ha Wan, Hong Kong.	Hoi Ha	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarbolton (Scots: Tarbowton) is a village in South Ayrshire, Scotland.	Tarbolton	South Ayrshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Half-Moon Inn, also known as the Court Inn and Thorton's Tavern, is a historic inn and tavern located at Newtown, Bucks County, Pennsylvania.	Half-Moon Inn	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bunker Hill High School is a public, coeducational high school located in Claremont, North Carolina, United States.	Bunker Hill High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Shangan (Persian: سرشنگان‎, also Romanized as Sar Shangān) is a village in Dalfard Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sar Shangan	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bose Lake Hemlock Hardwoods is a mature northern hardwood-hemlock stand located within Chequamegon-Nicolet National Forest in Iowa County, Wisconsin.	Bose Lake Hemlock Hardwoods	Iowa County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warner Park is a community park on the northeast side of Madison, Wisconsin near Lake Mendota.	Warner Park	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whittemore's Tavern is a historic building at 473 Auburn Street in the Auburndale village of Newton, Massachusetts.	Whittemore's Tavern	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh-e Jafarabad (Persian: باغ جعفراباد‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Ja``farābād) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 317, in 87 families.	Bagh-e Jafarabad	Darbqazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Pudeh (Persian: چاه پوده‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Pūdeh) is a village in Gavkan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chah-e Pudeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Na In (Thai: นาอิน) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Phichai District, in Uttaradit Province, Thailand.	Na In	Phichai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Benjamin Harrison was a U.S. Army post located in suburban Lawrence, Indiana, northeast of Indianapolis.	Fort Benjamin Harrison	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Conway Yard is a major rail yard located in the boroughs of Conway and Freedom, Pennsylvania, 22 miles (35 km) northwest of Pittsburgh, along the Ohio River.	Conway Yard	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lagtang is one of the 22 barangays of Talisay City in the province of Cebu, Philippines.	Lagtang	Cebu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nieborowice (ɲɛbɔrɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilchowice, within Gliwice County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Nieborowice	Gmina Pilchowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The United States National Evolutionary Synthesis Center (NESCent) is a scientific research center located in Durham, North Carolina.	National Evolutionary Synthesis Center	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eckerö Mail and Customs House is a historic building in Eckerö municipality at the Åland Islands, Finland.	Eckerö Mail and Customs House	Åland Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Knox Street Historic District is primarily located along one block of that street in the Park South neighborhood of Albany, New York, United States.	Knox Street Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gwynedd (/ˈɡwɪnɨð/; Welsh pronunciation: (ˈɡʊɨ̯nɛð)) is an area in north-west Wales, named after the old Kingdom of Gwynedd.	Gwynedd	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sambro Island Lighthouse is a landfall lighthouse located at the entrance to Halifax Harbour, Nova Scotia, on an island near the community of Sambro in the Halifax Regional Municipality.	Sambro Island Light	Halifax
located in the administrative territorial entity	Volcano Mountain is an active cinder cone in central Yukon Territory, Canada, located a short distance north of Fort Selkirk, near the confluence of the Pelly and Yukon Rivers.	Volcano Mountain	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzepocin Pierwszy (kʂɛˈpɔt͡ɕin ˈpjɛrfʂɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyca, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Krzepocin Pierwszy	Gmina Łęczyca
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Théâtre des Funambules ('The Theatre of the Tightrope-Walkers') was a former theater located on the boulevard du Temple in Paris, sometimes called the Boulevard du Crime.	Théâtre des Funambules	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahivand Ali Morad (Persian: شاهيوند علي مراد‎‎, also Romanized as Shāhīvand ʿAlī Morād; also known as Shāhīvand) is a village in Zirtang Rural District, Kunani District, Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Shahivand Ali Morad	Zirtang Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hornepayne is a township of 1050 people (Canada 2011 Census) located in the Algoma District of Ontario, Canada.	Hornepayne	Algoma District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John H. Addams Homestead, also known as the Jane Addams Birthplace, is located in the Stephenson County village of Cedarville, Illinois, United States.	John H. Addams Homestead	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Interstate 49 (I-49) is an Interstate Highway in the U.S. state of Missouri that was designated on December 12, 2012.	Interstate 49	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darżlubie (darˈʐlubjɛ) (Kashubian Darżlëbié) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck, within Puck County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Darżlubie	Gmina Puck
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fowlmere is one of the southernmost villages in Cambridgeshire, England.	Fowlmere	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jamestown Ferry (also known as the Jamestown-Scotland Ferry) is a free automobile and bus ferry service across a navigable portion of the James River in Virginia.	Jamestown Ferry	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Besant Nagar is one of Chennai's neighborhoods, named after the noted lady theosophist Annie Besant.	Besant Nagar	Chennai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Słopanowo (swɔpaˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrzycko, within Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Słopanowo	Gmina Obrzycko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khash County (Persian: شهرستان خاش‎) is a county in Sistan and Baluchestan Province in Iran.	Khash County	Sistan and Baluchestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zangin (Persian: زنگين‎, also Romanized as Zangīn) is a village in Qanibeyglu Rural District, Zanjanrud District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Zangin	Qanibeyglu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hudson River Museum, located in Trevor Park in Yonkers, New York, is the largest museum in Westchester County.	Hudson River Museum	Yonkers
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zideh-ye Pain (Persian: زيده پايين‎, also Romanized as Zīdeh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Sardar-e Jangal Rural District, Sardar-e Jangal District, Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Zideh-ye Pain	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puthucurichy (spelled also Puthencurichy/Puthukurichy) is a town on the coast of Kerala, India.	Puthucurichy	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wings Over Miami is a flying aviation museum of historically significant aircraft, located at the Kendall-Tamiami Executive Airport in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States, 13 miles (21 km) southwest of the central business district of Miami.	Wings Over Miami	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	James L. Breese House, also known as ``The Orchard'', is a historic home located at Southampton in Suffolk County, New York.	James L. Breese House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bineh Kordeh (Persian: بينه كرده‎, also Romanized as Bīneh Kordeh) is a village in Malfejan Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bineh Kordeh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Siah Dasht (Persian: كلاته سياهدشت‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Sīāh Dasht; also known as Sīāh Dasht and Stah Dasht) is a village in Shah Jahan Rural District, in the Central District of Faruj County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Siah Dasht	Shah Jahan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nagytétény Castle or Száraz-Rudnyánszky Castle is today the furniture museum of the Museum of Applied Arts in Budapest established in 1949.	Nagytétény Castle	Budapest
located in the administrative territorial entity	Angels Landing, known earlier as the Temple of Aeolus, is a 1,488-foot (454 m) tall rock formation in Zion National Park in southern Utah.	Angels Landing	Zion National Park	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Museum of Bosnia and Herzegovina (Bosnian, Croatian and Serbian: Zemaljski Muzej Bosne i Hercegovine / Земаљски музеј Босне и Херцеговине) is located in central Sarajevo, the capital of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	National Museum of Bosnia and Herzegovina	Sarajevo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Jowhar (Persian: چشمه جوهر‎) is a village in Bala Jam Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Jowhar	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tilton School is an independent, coeducational, college preparatory school in Tilton, New Hampshire, in the United States, serving students from 9th to 12th grade and postgraduates.	Tilton School	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blinno (ˈblinnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Blinno	Gmina Szczutowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Giske is an island municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Giske	Møre og Romsdal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owli Beyk (Persian: اولي بيك‎, also Romanized as Owlī Beyk; also known as Olībeyg and Owlī Beyg) is a village in Shivanat Rural District, Afshar District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Owli Beyk	Shivanat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kurowo Braniewskie (kuˈrɔvɔ braˈɲɛfskʲɛ) (German: Kurau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młynary, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kurowo Braniewskie	Gmina Młynary
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thomas Nichols Three Deckers are three historic triple-decker houses located at 68, 80 and 88 West Brittania Street in Taunton, Massachusetts.	Thomas Nichols Three Deckers	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowd-e Mohammad Khan (Persian: گودمحمدخان‎, also Romanized as Gowd-e Moḩammad Khān; also known as Gowd) is a village in Qaleh Zari Rural District, Jolgeh-e Mazhan District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gowd-e Mohammad Khan	Qaleh Zari Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bestra Suka (ˈbɛstra ˈsuka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kiszewa, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bestra Suka	Gmina Stara Kiszewa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jerzykowice Małe (jɛʐɨkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ) (German: Kleingeorgsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Kłodzki, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Jerzykowice Małe	Gmina Lewin Kłodzki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bloomfield Falls (Aboriginal: Wajul Wajul) is a cascade waterfall on the Bloomfield River near Cape Tribulation, close to Wujal Wujal, that is located in the UNESCO World Heritage--listed Daintree National Park in Queensland, Australia.	Bloomfield Falls	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fergus (Juergensen Field) Airport, (TC LID: CPG7), is located 4 nautical miles (7.4 km; 4.6 mi) northwest of Fergus, Ontario, Canada.	Fergus (Juergensen Field) Airport	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grabnowola (ɡrabnɔˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowaczów, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Grabnowola	Gmina Głowaczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huangcai Town (simplified Chinese: 黄材镇; traditional Chinese: 黃材鎮; pinyin: Huángcaí Zhèn) is an urban town in Ningxiang County, Changsha City, Hunan Province, China.	Huangcai	Ningxiang County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tenley Circle is a traffic circle in the Northwest Washington, D.C. neighborhood of Tenleytown.	Tenley Circle	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gąsiorówko (ɡɔ̃ɕɔˈrufkɔ) (German: Kleinkiöwen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczki, within Olecko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gąsiorówko	Gmina Wieliczki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koshkosh (Persian: كشكش‎; also known as Gūsh Gūsh, Khushkushan, Kos̄kosh, and Kūsh Kūsh) is a village in Khorgam Rural District, Khorgam District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Koshkosh	Khorgam District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thalainayar (also referred to as Talanayar) is a panchayat town in Nagapattinam district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Thalainayar	Nagapattinam district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James MacDonald Bridge is a bridge that spans the North Saskatchewan River in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	James MacDonald Bridge	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cambridge Medical Center is a regional health care facility providing comprehensive health care services to more than 30,000 residents in Isanti County, Minnesota, United States.	Cambridge Medical Center	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skitławki (skiˈtwafki) (German Skittlauken) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zalewo, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Skitławki	Gmina Zalewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James J. Hill House in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States, was built by railroad magnate James J. Hill.	James J. Hill House	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dunes Village Resort is a resort in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina.	Dunes Village Resort	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tropicana Gold Mine project is located 330 km northeast of Kalgoorlie, Western Australia.	Tropicana Gold Mine	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah Bid-e Kuchak (Persian: چاه بيدكوچك‎, also Romanized as Chāh Bīd-e Kūchak) is a village in Golashkerd Rural District, in the Central District of Faryab County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chah Bid-e Kuchak	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Mutur Zahurian (Persian: چاه موتورظهوريان‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Mūtūr Zahūrīān) is a village in Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Mutur Zahurian	Mahvelat-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Criterion Wind Project is a wind farm located on Backbone Mountain east of Oakland, Maryland, United States.	Criterion Wind Project	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hornsby Water Clock, titled Man, Time and the Environment is a piece of kinetic sculpture, a decorative fountain and a functional clock in the Florence Street pedestrian mall in Hornsby, New South Wales, Australia.	Hornsby Water Clock	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The ARChive of Contemporary Music (ARC) is a non-profit music library and archive based in New York City.	ARChive of Contemporary Music	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harris Ranch Airport (FAA LID: 3O8) is an airstrip near Coalinga, California, next to Interstate 5.	Harris Ranch Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brandberge is a protected natural area in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany, in the northwest of Halle.	Brandberge	Halle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vierlingsbeek is a village in the municipality of Boxmeer in North Brabant province of the Netherlands.	Vierlingsbeek	Boxmeer
located in the administrative territorial entity	Śmieciuchówka (ɕmjɛt͡ɕuˈxufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przerośl, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Śmieciuchówka	Gmina Przerośl
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cook Carillon Tower is a 10-story-tall carillon-clock tower located in the center of the Grand Valley State University-Allendale campus in Allendale, Michigan.	Cook Carillon Tower	Grand Valley State University
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyyedlar-e Sofla (Persian: سيدلرسفلي‎, also Romanized as Seyyedlar-e Soflá; also known as Seyyedlar-e Pā’īn) is a village in Seyyedan Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Seyyedlar-e Sofla	Seyyedan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Usher Hall is a concert hall, situated on Lothian Road, in the west end of Edinburgh, Scotland.	Usher Hall	Edinburgh	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowdah Kahriz (Persian: گوده كهريز‎, also Romanized as Gowdah Kahrīz and Gūdah Kahrīz) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Gowdah Kahriz	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Racu (Hungarian: Csíkrákos, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈtʃiːkraːkoʃ), meaning ``Place with the Crabs of Csík'') is a commune in Harghita County, Romania.	Racu	Harghita County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pleasant-High Historic District encompasses the earliest area of non-agricultural residential development in Methuen, Massachusetts.	Pleasant-High Historic District	Methuen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Presberg was first mentioned in 1391 as Brensbur and, since 1977, is part of the town of Rüdesheim am Rhein.	Presberg	Rüdesheim am Rhein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah Barz (Persian: چاه برز‎, also Romanized as Chāh Barz) is a village in Golestan Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chah Barz	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oasis Academy Coulsdon, formerly known as Coulsdon High School, is a school in the London Borough of Croydon, England.	Oasis Academy Coulsdon	London Borough of Croydon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghakka Mitter is a village situated two kilometers east of Wazirabad in Gujranwala District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Ghakka Mitter	Gujranwala District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The former Fork Creek Wildlife Management Area was located on 7,000 acres (2,800 ha) in Boone County near Nellis, West Virginia.	Fork Creek Wildlife Management Area	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Andrew Hubbard was a parish church in the Billingsgate ward of the City of London.	St Andrew Hubbard	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monagas State (Spanish: Estado Monagas, IPA: (esˈtaðo moˈnaɣas)) is one of the 23 states of Venezuela.	Monagas	Venezuela
located in the administrative territorial entity	Afrikaanderplein was a football ground in Rotterdam, the Netherlands.	Afrikaanderplein	Rotterdam
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Pointe Preparatory is a public charter school located in Phoenix, Arizona that serves students in grades 7 through 12.	North Pointe Preparatory	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Interstate 269 (I-269) is a partially built outer beltway around the city of Memphis, Tennessee, and its adjacent suburban areas in northern Mississippi.	Interstate 269	Tennessee	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Schafberg Railway (German: Schafbergbahn) is a metre gauge cog railway in Upper Austria and Salzburg leading from Sankt Wolfgang im Salzkammergut up to the Schafberg (1,783 m).	Schafberg Railway	Salzburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abenberg ( ) is a town in the Middle Franconian district of Roth, in Bavaria, Germany.	Abenberg	Roth
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Basilio, Santu 'Asili 'e Monti in sardinian language, is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Cagliari in the Italian region Sardinia, about 35 km (22 mi) north of Cagliari.	San Basilio	Province of Cagliari
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Som (Persian: كلاته ثم‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye S̄om and Kalāteh-ye Sam) is a village in Bala Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Som	Bala Rokh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahar Qollat (Persian: چهارقلات‎, also Romanized as Chahār Qollāt) is a village in Aliabad-e Malek Rural District, in the Central District of Arsanjan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Chahar Qollat	Aliabad-e Malek Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piddlehinton is a village and civil parish in west Dorset, England, situated in the Piddle valley 5 miles (8.0 km) north of Dorchester.	Piddlehinton	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahlgren Vineyard is a vineyard and winery located in the Santa Cruz Mountains AVA, in Boulder Creek, California, United States.	Ahlgren Vineyard	Boulder Creek, California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maruny (maˈrunɨ) (German: Groß Maraunen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Maruny	Gmina Barczewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	WWPH (107.9 FM) is a student-run non-commercial high-school radio station licensed to the community of Princeton Junction, New Jersey and serving Mercer County.	WWPH	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nuqat al Khams (Arabic: النقاط الخمس‎ Nuqāṭ al Ḫams) is one of the districts of Libya.	Nuqat al Khams	Libya
located in the administrative territorial entity	Williamsport Regional Airport (IATA: IPT, ICAO: KIPT, FAA LID: IPT) is a public towered airport five miles east of Williamsport, in Lycoming County, Pennsylvania.	Williamsport Regional Airport	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wallowa Mountains are a mountain range located in the Columbia Plateau of northeastern Oregon in the United States.	Wallowa Mountains	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łaźnie (ˈwaʑɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Supraśl, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Łaźnie	Gmina Supraśl
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dard-e Richeh (Persian: دردريچه‎, also Romanized as Dard-e Rīcheh; also known as Dardarbcheh) is a village in Marz Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dard-e Richeh	Chah Dadkhoda District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hickman Row is a set of historic rowhouses and national historic district located at Claymont, New Castle County, Delaware.	Hickman Row	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tahaneh-ye Vosta (Persian: طهنه وسطي‎, also Romanized as Ţahaneh-ye Vosţá and Ţahāneh-ye Vosţá) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Tahaneh-ye Vosta	Sar Firuzabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Matka-ye Rudbar (Persian: متكارودبار‎, also Romanized as Matkā-ye Rūdbār) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Kelardasht District, Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Matka-ye Rudbar	Kuhestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qingfeng County is under the administrative control of Puyang, Henan.	Qingfeng County	Puyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	WJMX-FM, also known as ``103X'', is a Top 40 station located in the Florence, South Carolina, radio market.	WJMX-FM	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Andalusia City School District or Andalusia City Schools is the school district of Andalusia, Alabama.	Andalusia City Schools	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garchidan (Persian: گارچيدان‎, also Romanized as Gārchīdān; also known as Gārchīdān Bālā and Gārchīdān-e Bālā) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Goruh Rural District, Rayen District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Garchidan	Hoseynabad-e Goruh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aratika is an atoll in the Tuamotu group in French Polynesia.	Aratika	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vrouwekerk (``Lady's Church'') or Vrouwenkerk (``Ladies' Church''), originally known as the Onze-Lieve-Vrouwekerk (``Church of Our Lady''), was a 14th-Century church in the Dutch city of Leiden.	Vrouwekerk	Leiden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa María la Blanca (literally Saint Mary the White, originally known as the Ibn Shushan Synagogue, or commonly ``The Congregational Synagogue of Toledo''') is a museum and former synagogue in Toledo, Spain.	Santa María la Blanca	Toledo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sumiak (ˈsumjak) (German: Kleefeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogródek Pomorski, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Sumiak	Gmina Nowogródek Pomorski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Folwarczysko (fɔlvarˈt͡ʂɨskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Folwarczysko	Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Friary Park is a 9 hectare formal Edwardian park in Friern Barnet in the London Borough of Barnet.	Friary Park	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gillette Stadium is a stadium located in Foxborough, Massachusetts, 24 miles (39 km) southwest of downtown Boston and 20 miles (32 km) from downtown Providence, Rhode Island.	Gillette Stadium	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Henderson was a military outpost in the District of Oregon in 1864, built on Crooked Creek about five miles from where it joins the Owyhee River, 330 miles from Walla Walla.	Camp Henderson	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dunlap coke ovens are the remnants of a coke production facility near Dunlap, in the U.S. state of Tennessee.	Dunlap coke ovens	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kacprówek (kat͡sˈpruvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaskarzew, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kacprówek	Gmina Łaskarzew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llocnou de Sant Jeroni (Valencian pronunciation: (ʎɔɡˈnɔw ðe ˈsaɲ dʒeˈɾɔni)) is a municipality in the comarca of Safor in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Llocnou de Sant Jeroni	Safor
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dol-de-Bretagne (Breton: Dol, Gallo: Dóu), cited in most historical records under its Breton name of Dol, is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine département in Brittany in northwestern France.	Dol-de-Bretagne	Ille-et-Vilaine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Epprechtstein is a mountain in the northern Fichtel Mountains in northeast Bavaria, 798 m above sea level (NN).	Epprechtstein	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dudley Square is the primary commercial center of the Roxbury neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts, located at the intersection of Dudley Street and Washington Street.	Dudley Square	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miller's Tavern, now known as Brooke County Historical Museum, is a historic inn and tavern located at Wellsburg, Brooke County, West Virginia.	Miller's Tavern	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guigal, formally Établissements Guigal, is a winery and négociant business situated in Ampuis in the northern part of the Rhône region in France.	Guigal	Ampuis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laurel Hill Cemetery is a cemetery in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, that was the second major garden or rural cemetery in the United States.	Laurel Hill Cemetery	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sedilo (Sardinian: Sèdilo) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 110 kilometres (68 mi) north of Cagliari and about 40 kilometres (25 mi) northeast of Oristano.	Sedilo	Province of Oristano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castle Combe is a village and civil parish in Wiltshire, England, about 5 miles (8 km) northwest of the town of Chippenham.	Castle Combe	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ateli is a town and a municipal committee located in Mahendragarh district in the north Indian state of Haryana.Santosh Yadav of BJP is the MLA of Ateli.	Ateli	Mahendragarh district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Sugarloaf State Reservation is a state-owned, public recreation area managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation located in South Deerfield, just west of the Connecticut River.	Mount Sugarloaf State Reservation	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rural Municipality of St. Laurent is located in the Interlake Region of Manitoba and has Lake Manitoba as its western boundary and is serviced by Manitoba Highway 6.	Rural Municipality of St. Laurent	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ochmanów (ɔxˈmanuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niepołomice, within Wieliczka County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Ochmanów	Gmina Niepołomice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Taos Plateau volcanic field is an area of extensive volcanism in Taos County, New Mexico, United States.	Taos Plateau volcanic field	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żychce (ˈʐɨxt͡sɛ) (Kashubian: Żëchce) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konarzyny, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Żychce	Gmina Konarzyny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murkowo (murˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Murkowo	Gmina Mała Wieś
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chopta is a small region of meadows and evergreen forest area which is a part of kedarnath wildlife sanctuary located in Uttarakhand state, India and a base for trekking to Tungnath, third temple of Panch Kedar, which lies 3.5 kilometres (2.2 mi) away.	Chopta	Uttarakhand
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ciissinraq River is a stream in the Yukon Delta National Wildlife Refuge, in the Bethel Census Area, Alaska, United States.	Ciissinraq River	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dauphin Island Sea Lab (DISL) is Alabama's primary marine education and research center.	Dauphin Island Sea Lab	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Falat (Persian: فلت‎; also known as Qollat-e Jadīd) is a village in Buzi Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Falat	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ridgewood Ranch is a large ranch situated 7 miles (11 km) south of Willits, California in rural Mendocino County.	Ridgewood Ranch	Mendocino County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Massanutten Mountain is a synclinal ridge in the Ridge-and-Valley Appalachians, located in the U.S. state of Virginia.	Massanutten Mountain	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Choutapalem is a village in Darsi Mandal, Prakasam District of Andhra Pradesh state, India.	East Choutapalem	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wakes Colne is a village in Essex, England which sits on the River Colne.	Wakes Colne	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zayatgyi (Burmese: ဇရပ်ကြီးကျေးရွာ) is a village in Shwegu Township in Bhamo District in the Kachin State of north-eastern Burma.	Zayatgyi	Bhamo District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cadishead is a suburb within the City of Salford, in Greater Manchester, England.	Cadishead	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pa Ko Dam (Thai: ป่าก่อดำ) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mae Lao District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Pa Ko Dam	Mae Lao
located in the administrative territorial entity	Safadasht (Persian: صفادشت‎, also Romanized as Safādasht) is a city in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Safadasht	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gargeyapuram is a village in Kurnool district, AP, India located at .	Gargeyapuram	Kurnool district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Since 1991, the offices of the Permanent Mission of France to the United Nations have been located at One Dag Hammarskjöld Plaza, 43rd and 44th floor in Manhattan, New York, at the corner of 2nd Avenue and 47th and 48th Streets, close to the United Nations Headquarters.	Permanent Mission of France to the United Nations	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knowle St Giles is a village and civil parish in the South Somerset district of Somerset, England, situated on the River Isle 2 miles (3 km) south of Ilminster and 2.5 miles (4 km) north east of Chard.	Knowle St Giles	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	The J. Mack Robinson College of Business Administration Building is a 14-story highrise at the corner of Broad and Marietta streets in the Fairlie-Poplar district of downtown Atlanta, which houses the business school of Georgia State University.	J. Mack Robinson College of Business Administration Building	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marmes Rockshelter (also known as (45-FR-50)) is an archaeological site first excavated in 1962, near the confluence of the Snake and Palouse Rivers, in Franklin County, southeastern Washington.	Marmes Rockshelter	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Linhai (simplified Chinese: 临海; traditional Chinese: 臨海; pinyin: Línhǎi; Tai-chow dialect: Ling-he) is a county-level city in Taizhou, Zhejiang Province situated on the banks of the Lin River in Eastern China.	Linhai	Taizhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Guy C. Barton House was a historic home in the Midtown area of Omaha, Nebraska, United States.	Guy C. Barton House	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gębałka (ɡɛmˈbau̯ka) (German: Gembalken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pozezdrze, within Węgorzewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gębałka	Gmina Pozezdrze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Susquehannah Turnpike is a historic 25 mile turnpike beginning at Catskill on the Hudson River and stretching through the town of Durham in Greene County, New York.	Susquehannah Turnpike	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 6 S. Marble Street in Stoneham, Massachusetts, is a rare early 19th century worker's house, and the only significant survivor of the early quarrying industry in Stoneham.	House at 6 S. Marble Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alaska Trade Building, also known as the Union Record Building and the Steele Building, is a historic building in Seattle, Washington located on First Avenue near the Pike Place Market.	Alaska Trade Building	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheorwon County (Cheorwon-gun (tɕʰʌlwʌn ɡun)), also spelt Chorwon, is a county in Gangwon Province, South Korea.	Cheorwon County	Gangwon Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dar Tujan (Persian: درتوجان‎, also Romanized as Dar Tūjān) is a village in Shamil Rural District, Takht District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Dar Tujan	Shamil Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalarcheh Shureh (Persian: كلارچه شوره‎‎, also Romanized as Kalārcheh Shūreh; also known as Kalehchah Shūreh) is a village in Zirtang Rural District, Kunani District, Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kalarcheh Shureh	Zirtang Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hekmatabad-e Bala (Persian: حكمت ابادبالا‎, also Romanized as Ḩekmatābād-e Bālā) is a village in Rayen Rural District, Rayen District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hekmatabad-e Bala	Rayen Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Quartz Mountain Resort Arts and Conference Center is a resort located 17 miles north of Altus in the Wichita Mountains of southwestern Oklahoma, two and a half hours from Oklahoma City, four hours from Dallas, near the Texas border and 9 miles (14 km) west of Lone Wolf, Oklahoma on State Highway 44A.	Quartz Mountain Resort Arts and Conference Center	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shirasangi is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka, India.Shirasangi is well known for the famous Shri Kalikadevi temple and Shri Tyagaveera Lingraja Desai family and the Shirsangi fort.	Shirasangi	Belgaum district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sacramento Zoo is a zoo located in William Land Park in Sacramento, California.	Sacramento Zoo	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bani Pariab (Persian: باني پارياب‎, also Romanized as Bānī Pārīāb; also known as Bānī Pārīā) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District, in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Bani Pariab	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Bobrowa (ˈvɔla bɔˈbrɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojcieszków, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wola Bobrowa	Gmina Wojcieszków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Fe Place is an enclosed shopping center in Santa Fe, New Mexico.	Santa Fe Place	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qermez Khalifeh-ye Olya (Persian: قرمزخليفه عليا‎, also Romanized as Qermez Khalīfeh-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Zarrineh Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 539, in 152 families.	Qermez Khalifeh-ye Olya	Zarrineh Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strąpie (ˈstrɔmpʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barlinek, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Strąpie	Gmina Barlinek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cold Aston (also known as Aston Blank) is a village and civil parish in Gloucestershire, England, approximately 30 km (19 mi) to the east of Gloucester.	Cold Aston	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Fork State Park is a state park located in Clermont County, Ohio, United States, about 25 miles east of Cincinnati.	East Fork State Park	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carson College for Orphan Girls, also known as Carson Valley School, is a historic school complex and national historic district located in Flourtown, Springfield Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.	Carson College for Orphan Girls	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pine Hill Municipal Airport (FAA LID: 71A) is a town-owned public-use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) south of the central business district of Pine Hill, a town in Wilcox County, Alabama, United States.	Pine Hill Municipal Airport	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marwica Wielka (marˈvit͡sa ˈvjɛlka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rychliki, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Marwica Wielka	Gmina Rychliki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kosořín (German: Kosarin) is a village and municipality (obec) in the Ústí nad Orlicí District, Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.	Kosořín	Ústí nad Orlicí District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Walt Whitman Community School (WWCS) was a private alternative school in Oak Lawn, Dallas, Texas that catered to youth who identified as LGBT.	Walt Whitman Community School	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagud (Persian: بگود‎, also Romanized as Bagūd) is a village in Fin Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Bagud	Fin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beryanchal (Persian: بريان چال‎, also Romanized as Beryānchāl) is a village in Baraghan Rural District, Chendar District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Beryanchal	Baraghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Witomin (viˈtɔmin) (German: Friedrichsberg) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mrągowo, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Witomin	Gmina Mrągowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tui Dasht (Persian: تويي دشت‎, also Romanized as Tū’ī Dasht) is a village in Khara Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Tui Dasht	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lower Withington is a civil parish and village in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England.	Lower Withington	Cheshire East
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chiklu (Persian: چيكلو‎, also Romanized as Chīklū) is a village in Behdasht Rural District, Kushk-e Nar District, Parsian County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Chiklu	Behdasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sukhiapokhri (Nepali: सुके पोखरी) is a small hilly locality in the Darjeeling district of West Bengal, India.	Sukhiapokhri	Darjeeling
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint-Josse-ten-Noode (French: (sɛ̃ ʒos ten nɔd); usually shortened to Saint-Josse) or Sint-Joost-ten-Node (Dutch pronunciation: (sɪn ˈcoːst tɛn ˈnoːdə)) is one of the nineteen municipalities located in the Brussels-Capital Region of Belgium.	Saint-Josse-ten-Noode	Brussels-Capital Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paleh Bid-e Sofla (Persian: پله بيدسفلي‎, also Romanized as Paleh Bīd-e Soflá; also known as Palebīd, Pal-e Bīd, and Paleh Bīd) is a village in Beshiva Pataq Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Paleh Bid-e Sofla	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chuzak (Persian: چوزك‎, also Romanized as Chūzak; also known as Chizuk, Chūzok, Chūzūk, Jūrak, and Jūrīk) is a village in Sojas Rud Rural District, Sojas Rud District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Chuzak	Sojas Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darsinuyeh (Persian: دارسينوييه‎, also Romanized as Dārsīnūyeh and Darsinoo’iyeh; also known as Darsīnu) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Darsinuyeh	Derakhtengan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paul Public Charter School is a charter school in northwest Washington, D.C..	Paul Public Charter School	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wauconda Bog Nature Preserve is a tamarack bog located in Wauconda, a suburb of Chicago, located in Lake County, Illinois.	Wauconda Bog Nature Preserve	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dudley Farm, also known as Dudley Farm Historic State Park (Florida), is a U.S. historic district and museum park located in Newberry, Florida.	Dudley Farm Historic State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dawson Community College is a community college with approximately 400 full-time students, located in Glendive, Montana.	Dawson Community College	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Via Laurentina was an ancient road of Italy, leading southwards from Rome.	Via Laurentina	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sagron Mis (German: Sagraun) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) east of Trento.	Sagron Mis	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khosravani (Persian: خسرواني‎, also Romanized as Khosravānī and Khosrovānī) is a village in Malekabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Khosravani	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mae Pu Kha (Thai: แม่ปูคา) is a tambon (subdistrict) of San Kamphaeng District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Mae Pu Kha	San Kamphaeng
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh-e Kar (Persian: باغ كر‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Kar) is a village in Dalfard Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Kar	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paschim Medinipur district (Pron: pɔʃʧɪm med̪iːniːpur) or West Midnapore district (Pron: ˌmɪdnəˈpʊə) (Bengali: পশ্চিম মেদিনীপুর জেলা) (also known as Midnapore West) is the districts of the state of West Bengal, India.	Paschim Medinipur district	West Bengal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Milak (Persian: مزرعه ميلك‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Mīlaḵ) is a village in Tankaman Rural District, Tankaman District, Nazarabad County, Alborz Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Milak	Tankaman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	O'Neill Park is located on the corner of Nobbs and Cooper Roads, Yagoona, New South Wales, Australia, within the Bankstown City Council.	O'Neill Park	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bouvignes-sur-Meuse (in Walloon Bovegne) is an old town opposite Dinant on the River Meuse, in the province of Namur in Belgium.	Bouvignes-sur-Meuse	Dinant
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mroczki Wielkie (ˈmrɔt͡ʂki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytniki, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Mroczki Wielkie	Gmina Szczytniki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Armthorpe is a village and civil parish which forms the eastern edge of the Doncaster urban sprawl within the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster, South Yorkshire, England.	Armthorpe	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	WSCA-LP (106.1 FM) is a low-power community radio station in Portsmouth, New Hampshire; the mission of Portsmouth Community Radio is to operate a nonprofit, listener supported, volunteer driven, non-commercial FM community radio station dedicated to serving the greater Portsmouth community.	WSCA-LP	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mokhalefgah (Persian: مخالفگاه‎, also Romanized as Mokhālefgāh) is a village in Bala Jam Rural District, Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mokhalefgah	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Normanton on Trent is a village in Nottinghamshire, England.	Normanton on Trent	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arquelio Torres Ramírez Coliseum (Spanish: Coliseo Arquelio Torres Ramírez) is a sports arena in San Germán, Puerto Rico.	Arquelio Torres Ramírez Coliseum	San Germán, Puerto Rico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pitt River Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge that spans the Pitt River between Port Coquitlam and Pitt Meadows in British Columbia, Canada.	Pitt River Bridge	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kanevskoy District (Russian: Каневско́й райо́н), known as Kanevsky District (Каневский район) before March 2009, is an administrative district (raion), one of the thirty-eight in Krasnodar Krai, Russia.	Kanevskoy District	Krasnodar Krai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kordab (Persian: كرداب‎, also Romanized as Kordāb) is a village in Zarem Rud Rural District, Hezarjarib District, Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kordab	Zarem Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sosno (ˈsɔsnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbiczno, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Sosno	Gmina Zbiczno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sennicotts is a small estate near Chichester, West Sussex, England, formed in 1809 by Charles Baker (1761--1839) having retired after serving in Madras, with the British East India Company.	Sennicotts	Chichester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bętlewo (bɛnˈtlɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgie, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Bętlewo	Gmina Wielgie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cala Gonone is an Italian seaside town and a civil parish (frazione) of the municipality (comune) of Dorgali, Province of Nuoro, in the region of Sardinia.	Cala Gonone	Dorgali
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charlton Historic District is a 123-acre (50 ha) national historic district located at the hamlet of Charlton, town of Charlton in Saratoga County, New York.	Charlton Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ziyah (Persian: زييه‎, also Romanized as Zīyah) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ziyah	Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kałowice (kawɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawonia, within Trzebnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kałowice	Gmina Zawonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pyrzany (pɨˈʐanɨ) (German: Pyrehne) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witnica, within Gorzów County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Pyrzany	Gmina Witnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Babkowice (bapkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pępowo, within Gostyń County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Babkowice	Gmina Pępowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oldman Formation is a stratigraphic unit of Late Cretaceous (Campanian stage) age that underlies much of southern Alberta, Canada.	Oldman Formation	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caleu Caleu Department (Spanish: Departamento Caleu Caleu) is a department in southeastern La Pampa Province, Argentina.	Caleu Caleu Department	La Pampa Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canicattini Bagni (Sicilian: Janiattini) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Syracuse, Sicily (Italy), located about 190 kilometres (120 mi) southeast of Palermo and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southwest of Syracuse.	Canicattini Bagni	Province of Syracuse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Idlès (Arabic: إدلس) is a municipality in Tazrouk District, Tamanrasset Province, Algeria.	Idlès	Tazrouk District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lageia (Greek: Λάγεια (ˈlaʝa); Turkish: Laya) is a small village in the Larnaca District of Cyprus, 7 km west of Lefkara.	Lageia	Larnaca District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pooran is a village in Jalore district of Rajasthan state.	Pooran	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Foster Street is a hamlet in the North Weald Bassett civil parish of the Epping Forest district in the English county of Essex.	Foster Street	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Derry Hill is a village in the English county of Wiltshire, belonging to the civil parish of Calne Without.	Derry Hill	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lower Shell School House is located in an isolated portion of Big Horn County, Wyoming on a bluff near Shell Creek.	Lower Shell School House	Big Horn County	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Betéitiva (Spanish pronunciation: (beˈteitiβa)) a town and municipality in the Colombian Department of Boyacá, part of the Valderrama Province a subregion of Boyaca.	Betéitiva	Valderrama Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Worth Spinks Airport (ICAO: KFWS, FAA LID: FWS) is a city-owned, public-use airport located 14 nautical miles (26 km) south of the central business district of Fort Worth, in Tarrant County, Texas, United States.	Fort Worth Spinks Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castlewellan (from Irish Caisleán Uidhilín, meaning ``Uidhilín's castle'') is a village in County Down, Northern Ireland.	Castlewellan	County Down
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sir Padampat Singhania University (SPSU) is a private, residential university located in Udaipur, India.	Sir Padampat Singhania University	Udaipur
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bathurst Street Bridge is a steel Warren truss bridge in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Bathurst Street Bridge	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mergie is a settlement in Aberdeenshire approximately six miles west of Stonehaven, Scotland.	Mergie	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pandhana is a city and a nagar parishad in Khandwa district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.	Pandhana	Khandwa district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaukaba, Kaukabet El-Arab or Kaukaba Station is a Neolithic archaeological site East of Majdel Balhis near Rashaya in the Beqaa Valley, Lebanon.	Kaukaba	Rashaya
located in the administrative territorial entity	KNYE is an American radio station located in Pahrump, Nye County, Nevada.	KNYE	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arbab Kandi (Persian: ارباب كندي‎, also Romanized as Arbāb Kandī; also known as Arbāb, Arva, Arveh, Avra, and Evreh) is a village in Naqdi Rural District, Meshgin-e Sharqi District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Arbab Kandi	Naqdi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gralhas is a parish and village in Montalegre Municipality, northern Portugal.	Gralhas	Montalegre Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Curtain Fig Tree is one of the largest trees in Tropical North Queensland, Australia, and one of the best known attractions on the Atherton Tableland.	Curtain Fig Tree	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frassilongo (Mocheno: Garait; German: Gereut) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 14 kilometres (9 mi) east of Trento.	Frassilongo	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	KOLU (90.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Christian radio format.Licensed to Pasco, Washington, USA.	KOLU	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	North District Sports Ground (traditional Chinese: 北區運動場) is a multi-purpose sports ground located at 26 Tin Ping Road, Sheung Shui, New Territories, Hong Kong.	North District Sports Ground	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Tom Price mine is an iron ore mine located in the Pilbara region of Western Australia, near the town of Tom Price.	Mount Tom Price mine	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monasterzysko Wielkie (mɔnastɛˈʐɨskɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) (German: Groß Münsterberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Dzierzgoń, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Monasterzysko Wielkie	Gmina Stary Dzierzgoń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Diala Banlieue (also Dyalla) is a village and principal settlement (chef-lieu) of the commune of Liberté Dembaya in the Cercle of Kayes in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.	Diala Banlieue	Liberté Dembaya
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radówek (raˈduvɛk) (German: Klein Rade) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górzyca, within Słubice County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland, close to the German border.	Radówek	Gmina Górzyca
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lake Merritt Plaza is a high-rise located in downtown Oakland, California.	Lake Merritt Plaza	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Lake Butte des Morts is a lake in the US state of Wisconsin, eight miles north of Lake Butte Des Morts.	Little Lake Butte des Morts	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Croydon Public School is a public, co-educational, primary school, located in Croydon, an inner-western suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Croydon Public School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Baltimore City Circuit Courthouses are state judicial facilities located in downtown Baltimore, Maryland.	Baltimore City Circuit Courthouses	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Nadrybska (ˈvulka naˈdrɨpska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cyców, within Łęczna County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wólka Nadrybska	Gmina Cyców
located in the administrative territorial entity	Svestad is situated at the Oslofjorden side of the peninsula and municipality of Nesodden just south of Oslo.	Svestad	Nesodden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bigelow Block is a historic commercial and residential building at the corner of Forest and Salem Streets in Medford, Massachusetts.	Bigelow Block	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Blue Peak is highest point on Little Blue Ridge in the Northern Coast Ranges of California.	Little Blue Peak	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hanner Fieldhouse is a 4,325-seat multi-purpose arena in Statesboro in the U.S. state of Georgia.	Hanner Fieldhouse	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lamorna (Cornish: Nansmornow) is a village, valley and cove in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Lamorna	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Romrod is a small town in the Vogelsbergkreis in central Hesse, Germany.	Romrod	Vogelsbergkreis	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowruz Kar (Persian: نوروزكار‎‎, also Romanized as Nowrūz Kār) is a village in Gabrik Rural District, in the Central District of Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Nowruz Kar	Gabrik Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarenjelak (Persian: سرنجلك‎, also Romanized as Serenjelak; also known as Sar Anjīlak) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District, Doshman Ziari District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Sarenjelak	Doshman Ziari District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McNeel Mill is located just south of the intersection of route 219 and route 39 and route 55 in Mill Point, Pocahontas County, West Virginia (2 miles north of Hillsboro, West Virginia).	McNeel Mill	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maintal is the second largest town of the Main-Kinzig district, in Hesse, Germany.	Maintal	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tanjil Bren is a town in Victoria, Australia, on Mount Baw Baw Tourist Road, 12 kilometres (7 mi) west of Mount Baw Baw in the Shire of Baw Baw.	Tanjil Bren	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guelma Province (Arabic: ولاية قالمة‎) is a province (wilaya) in eastern Algeria.	Guelma Province	Algeria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burlövs egnahem is a locality situated in Burlöv Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with 554 inhabitants as of 2010.	Burlövs egnahem	Burlöv Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Odnoga-Kuźmy (ɔdˈnɔɡa ˈkuʑmɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Odnoga-Kuźmy	Gmina Michałowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loyalist Golf and Country Club is a Ted Baker-designed semi-private golf course, located in Bath, Ontario, Canada, just west of Kingston, Ontario.	Loyalist Golf and Country Club	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhimgithe is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhaulagiri Zone of central Nepal.	Bhimgithe	Baglung District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nižní Lhoty (Polish: Ligota Dolna) is small village in the Frýdek-Místek District, Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.	Nižní Lhoty	Frýdek-Místek District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hotel Green was in Pasadena, southern California.	Hotel Green	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sinkarappally is a small scenic village situated between Ashtamudi Lake and Kallada River, on the outskirts of Kollam District in Kerala.	Sinkarappally	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tazehabad-e Vazir (Persian: تازه آباد وزير‎, also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Vazīr; also known as Tāzehābād) is a village in Qaratureh Rural District, in the Central District of Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Tazehabad-e Vazir	Qaratureh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harold D. Donohue Federal Building and United States Courthouse, formerly known as the U.S. Post Office and Courthouse, is a courthouse of the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts located in Worcester, Massachusetts.	Harold D. Donohue Federal Building and United States Courthouse	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kodki is a village, located 11 km west of Bhuj, in Kachchh District in the state of Gujarat, India.	Kodki	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gilan Tappeh (Persian: گيلان تپه‎, also Romanized as Gīlān Tappeh; also known as Gīlāntappeh) is a village in Qaravolan Rural District, Loveh District, Galikash County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Gilan Tappeh	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bulkowo-Kolonia (bulˈkɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bulkowo-Kolonia	Gmina Bulkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eshgaft-e Jamushi (Persian: اشگفت جاموشي‎, also Romanized as Eshgaft-e Jāmūshī; also known as Eshkaft-e Jāmūshī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Eshgaft-e Jamushi	Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edison Museum, a science and history museum about the life and inventions of Thomas Edison, is located in Beaumont, Texas at 350 Pine St. on the grounds of Edison Plaza.	Edison Museum	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blue Bear School of Music is a non-profit organization founded in San Francisco, California in 1971.	Blue Bear School of Music	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 20 Lawrence Street in Wakefield, Massachusetts is a complex residential structure with elements of Queen Anne, Stick style, and Colonial Revival style.	House at 20 Lawrence Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charles L. Sewall Center, commonly referred to as the Sewall Center, is a 3,056-seat multi-purpose arena in the Pittsburgh suburb of Moon Township, Pennsylvania.	Charles L. Sewall Center	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grimsby Minster is a minster and parish church located in Grimsby, North East Lincolnshire, England.	Grimsby Minster	North East Lincolnshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Franklin Lock and Dam, also known as the W.P. Franklin Lock and Dam, is a navigable lock and dam in Olga, Florida, United States.	Franklin Lock and Dam	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burlington Road neighborhood of Omaha, Nebraska is bordered by South 42nd Street on the west, L Street on the south, Interstate 80 on the north and Dahlman Avenue on the east.	Burlington Road neighborhood	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jones Tract is an island containing Lower Jones Tract and the Upper Jones Tract in the Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta in San Joaquin County, California, fifteen kilometres west of Stockton.	Jones Tract	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nętne (ˈnɛntnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nętne	Gmina Stromiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cotter water tower is a historic elevated steel water tower located in Cotter, Arkansas.	Cotter water tower	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qandilak (Persian: قنديلك‎, also Romanized as Qandīlak; also known as Gandīlak and Qandīnak) is a village in Kaftarak Rural District, in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Qandilak	Kaftarak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blue Ridge Wilderness Area, a unit of New York's Forest Preserve in the Adirondack Park, is located in the towns of Arietta, Lake Pleasant and Indian Lake in Hamilton County.	Blue Ridge Wilderness Area	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leivatho (Λειβαθώ) is a former municipality on the island of Kefalonia, Ionian Islands, Greece.	Leivatho	Kefalonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	King Edward Memorial Park is a public open space in Shadwell, within the London Borough of Tower Hamlets, on the northern bank of the River Thames.	King Edward Memorial Park	London Borough of Tower Hamlets
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aghmiyun Rural District (Persian: دهستان آغميون‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aghmiyun Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galleh Kola (Persian: گله كلا‎, also Romanized as Galleh Kolā) is a village in Feyziyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Galleh Kola	Feyziyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazrabad (Persian: مزراباد‎, also Romanized as Mazrābād and Marzābād) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mazrabad	Baqeran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Black Pine Mountains are a mountain range in the U.S. states of Idaho (~65%) and Utah (~35%), spanning Cassia County, Idaho and reaching into Box Elder County, Utah.	Black Pine Mountains	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baltimore (/ˈbɔːltᵻˌmɔːr/, locally: (ˈbɔɫ.mɔɻ)) is the largest city in the U.S. state of Maryland, and the 26th-most populous city in the country.	Baltimore	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gauldry, locally always The Gauldry, is a village in Fife, Scotland.	Gauldry	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rgielsko (ˈrɡʲɛlskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec, within Wągrowiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Rgielsko	Gmina Wągrowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milewo-Szwejki (miˈlɛvɔ ˈʂfɛi̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Milewo-Szwejki	Gmina Krasne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Band-e Qir (Persian: بندقير‎, also Romanized as Band-e Qīr, Band-i-Qīr, and Band Qīr; also known as Bid Ghir) is a village in Miyan Ab Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Band-e Qir	Miyan Ab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Requínoa (Spanish pronunciation: (reˈkinoa)) is a Chilean commune and city in Cachapoal Province, O'Higgins Region.	Requínoa	Cachapoal Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carnie Smith Stadium (formerly Brandenburg Stadium) is the football stadium for Pittsburg State University in Pittsburg, Kansas.	Carnie Smith Stadium	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monticiano is a town and comune on the right bank of the Val di Merse, Tuscany, Italy, administratively part of the Province of Siena.	Monticiano	Province of Siena
located in the administrative territorial entity	Willow Airport (IATA: WOW, ICAO: PAUO, FAA LID: UUO) is a state-owned, public-use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) northwest of the central business district of Willow, in the Matanuska-Susitna Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Willow Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalama Middle/High School is a public high/middle school located in Kalama, Washington.	Kalama Middle/High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaht-e Now (Persian: كهت نو‎; also known as Kahteh Now and Kahteh-ye Now) is a village in Jowzam Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kaht-e Now	Dehaj District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nobles Emigrant Trail, also known as the Fort Kearney, South Pass and Honey Lake Wagon Road, is a trail in California that was used by emigrant parties from the east as a shortened route to northern California.	Nobles Emigrant Trail	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hose Station No. 6 is located in a residential neighborhood in the West End of Davenport, Iowa, United States.	Hose Station No. 6	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orange City Municipal Airport (ICAO: KORC, FAA LID: ORC) is a city-owned public-use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) south of the central business district of Orange City, a city in Sioux County, Iowa, United States.	Orange City Municipal Airport	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suzzallo Library is the central library of the University of Washington in Seattle, and perhaps the most recognizable building on campus.	Suzzallo Library	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Danville State Hospital in Danville, Pennsylvania is a mental health facility operated by the Pennsylvania Department of Public Welfare.	Danville State Hospital	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jersey City Armory is located at 678 Montgomery Street near McGinley Square in Jersey City, New Jersey, USA.	Jersey City Armory	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leonia High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grade from the Borough of Leonia in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States, operating as part of the Leonia Public Schools.	Leonia High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hudson County Schools of Technology is a public school district based in North Bergen that offers career and vocational education for public high school students in ninth through twelfth grades and for adult students throughout Hudson County, New Jersey, United States.	Hudson County Schools of Technology	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shah Qaryeh (Persian: شاه قريه‎, also Romanized as Shāh Qaryeh; also known as Morādān) is a village in Khanmirza Rural District, Khanmirza District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Shah Qaryeh	Khanmirza Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ironhead Airport (FAA LID: T58) is a public airport located three miles (4.8 km) southwest of the central business district (CBD) of Sanger, in Denton County, Texas, USA.	Ironhead Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banksia Gully is a watercourse in Western Australia, nominally located at 32° 24' S 116° 10' E, about 10 kilometres (6 mi) south east of Jarrahdale in the Shire of Serpentine-Jarrahdale.	Banksia Gully	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bowang District (Chinese: 博望区; pinyin: Bówàng Qū) is a district of the prefecture-level city of Ma'anshan in Anhui province, China.	Bowang District	Ma'anshan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tak Takeh (Persian: تك تكه‎‎, also Romanized as Taḵ Taḵeh) is a village in Qalayi Rural District, Firuzabad District, Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Tak Takeh	Qalayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grand Marais/Cook County Seaplane Base (FAA LID: 0G5) is a county-owned, public-use seaplane base located six nautical miles (11 km) northwest of the central business district of Grand Marais, a city in Cook County, Minnesota, United States.	Grand Marais/Cook County Seaplane Base	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 5th Avenue Theatre (often referred to as 5th Avenue or the 5th) is a landmark theater building located in Seattle, Washington.	5th Avenue Theatre	Seattle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Tilden, also known as Fort Tilden Historic District, is a former United States Army installation on the coast in the New York City borough of Queens.	Fort Tilden	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilbur Cross High School is a four-year high school in New Haven, Connecticut serving ninth through twelfth grades.	Wilbur Cross High School	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Richard B. Russell Federal Building is a 26-storey International style building in Atlanta, Georgia, housing U.S. government agency offices and federal courts.	Richard B. Russell Federal Building	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wat Tham Khao Wong (วัดถ้ำเขาวง) is a Buddhist temple in tambon Ban Rai of the Ban Rai District of the province of Uthai Thani, Thailand, near the border with Suphan Buri Province.	Wat Tham Khao Wong	Ban Rai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warniłęg (varˈniwɛnk) (formerly German Warlang) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złocieniec, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Warniłęg	Gmina Złocieniec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Osservatorio Astrometrico Santa Lucia Stroncone (Santa Lucia Stroncone Astronomical Observatory) is located in north central Italy in the town of Stroncone in Umbria, about 6 km SSE of the city of Terni.	Santa Lucia Stroncone Astronomical Observatory	Umbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cedarbrae Collegiate Institute (CCI or Cedarbrae CI, formerly Cedarbrae Secondary School) is a Toronto District School Board semestered public high school in Toronto, Ontario, the schools serves immersion and extended French students and houses approximately 1268 students as of Fall 2014.	Cedarbrae Collegiate Institute	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mandapadu is a village located in Guntur district of Andhra Pradesh in India.	Mandapadu	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kingston and the Islands (French: Kingston et les Îles) is a federal electoral district in Ontario, Canada, that has been represented in the Canadian House of Commons since 1968.	Kingston and the Islands	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamashahr (Persian: هماشهر‎) is a city in and the capital of Hamaijan District, in Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hamashahr	Hamaijan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Chah-e Shur (Persian: سرچاه شور‎, also Romanized as Sar Chāh-e Shūr, Sar Chah Shoor, Sar Chāh Shūr, and Sar-e Chāh Shūr) is a village in Qaleh Zari Rural District, Jolgeh-e Mazhan District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sar Chah-e Shur	Qaleh Zari Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wielka Kępa (ˈvjɛlka ˈkɛmpa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Chełmińska, within Bydgoszcz County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Wielka Kępa	Gmina Dąbrowa Chełmińska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horrocks Pass is a geographical location in the southern Flinders Ranges, in South Australia, approximately 6 kilometres west of the town of Wilmington.	Horrocks Pass	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Świętnik (ˈɕfjɛntnik) (German: Heiligenfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński, within Lidzbark County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Świętnik	Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crowsnest Formation, also called the Crowsnest Volcanics, is a geological formation in southwestern Alberta, Canada, on the southwestern margin of the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin.	Crowsnest Formation	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gamble Mill, also known as Lamb Mill, Thomas Mill, Wagner Mill, and Bellefonte Flouring Mill, is a historic grist mill located at Bellefonte, Centre County, Pennsylvania.	Gamble Mill	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hesar Andaf (Persian: حصاراندف‎, also Romanized as Ḩeşār Āndaf, Ḩeşārandaf, and Ḩeşār-e Āndaf; also known as Ḩeşār and Hisār) is a village in Hesar Rural District, Khabushan District, Faruj County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hesar Andaf	Khabushan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cummins Memorial Church is an historic Reformed Episcopal Church building located at 1210 West Lanvale Street in Baltimore, Maryland, United States.	Cummins Memorial Church	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Novoozerianka (Ukrainian: Новоозерянка) is an urban-type settlement in Olevsk Raion, Zhytomyr Oblast, Ukraine.	Novoozerianka	Olevsk Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buxwaha is a Tehsil and a nagar panchayat in Chhatarpur district in the state of Madhya Pradesh, India.	Buxwaha	Chhatarpur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gayathri temple is located in the village of Kallepalli Rega in the Vijayanagarm district, in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.	Kallepalli Rega	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Provost Umphrey Stadium (previously Cardinal Stadium) is a 16,000-seat multi-purpose stadium in Beaumont, Texas.	Provost Umphrey Stadium	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 1337 (FM 1337) is a 4.642 mi (7.471 km) farm-to-market road in Cochran County, Texas.	Farm to Market Road 1337	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boab Prison Tree, Derby is a large hollow Adansonia gregorii (Boab) tree just south of Derby, Western Australia.	Boab Prison Tree, Derby	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sennott Square is a major academic building on the campus of the University of Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.	Sennott Square	Pittsburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lampkowo (lampˈkɔvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dziemiany, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lampkowo	Gmina Dziemiany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clearbury Ring is a univallate Iron Age hillfort which is partly in the parish of Downton in the county of Wiltshire in South West England, approximately 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) due south of Salisbury city centre.	Clearbury Ring	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostiense is a quarter in the south metropolitan area of Rome, Italy.	Ostiense	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stade Charles de Gaulle is a multi-use stadium in Porto-Novo, Benin named after Charles de Gaulle.	Stade Charles de Gaulle	Porto-Novo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Juvvigunta is a village in Marripudi mandal in Prakasam district of Andhra Pradesh in India.	Juvvigunta	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Willibaldsburg is a spur castle, built around the year 1353, in Eichstätt in Upper Bavaria.	Willibaldsburg	Eichstätt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Point Perpendicular Light is a lighthouse located on Point Perpendicular, a point at the southern tip of the Beecroft Peninsula, in New South Wales, Australia.	Point Perpendicular Light	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kataleh (Persian: كتله‎; also known as Kataleh-ye Shūshtehbar) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District, Rahmatabad and Blukat District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kataleh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kanjur-e Sofla (Persian: كنجورسفلي‎, also Romanized as Kanjūr-e Soflá; also known as Ganjūr-e Pā’īn, Kanjūr, and Kanjūr-e Pā’īn) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kanjur-e Sofla	Qarah Su Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rozstrzębowo (rɔsstʂɛmˈbɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kcynia, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Rozstrzębowo	Gmina Kcynia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Western University College of Veterinary Medicine (WesternU CVM) is a non-profit, private, veterinary medical school at Western University of Health Sciences located in Pomona, in the US state of California.	Western University College of Veterinary Medicine	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	WXBA (88.1 FM, ``88 X'') is a radio station licensed to Brentwood, New York.	WXBA	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ali Qandi (Persian: عالي قندي‎‎, also Romanized as ``Alī Qandī; also known as ``Alī Kandī) is a village in Godeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 225, in 52 families.	Ali Qandi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Western Canadian Place is an office tower complex in Calgary, Alberta.	Western Canadian Place	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Surmówka (surˈmufka) (German: Surmau; until 1938: Surmowen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sorkwity, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Surmówka	Gmina Sorkwity
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonkuy-e Soleymani (Persian: بنكوي سليماني‎, also Romanized as Bonkūy-e Soleymānī) is a village in Efzar Rural District, Efzar District, Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bonkuy-e Soleymani	Efzar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peacock Farm is a residential neighborhood located in Lexington, Massachusetts.	Peacock Farm	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ziar Mahalleh (Persian: زيارمحله‎, also Romanized as Zīār Maḩalleh) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District, in the Central District of Juybar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Ziar Mahalleh	Siyahrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pauline Johnson Collegiate & Vocational School in Brantford, Ontario, Canada is a composite high school with collegiate and vocational departments.	Pauline Johnson Collegiate & Vocational School	Brantford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gupol (Persian: گوپل‎, also Romanized as Gūpol; also known as Goofol, Gopul, Gūfel, Gūfol, Gupa, and Kopā) is a village in Khorgam Rural District, Khorgam District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gupol	Khorgam District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyszonki-Błonie (vɨˈʂɔŋki ˈbwɔɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klukowo, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Wyszonki-Błonie	Gmina Klukowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Safeway Stores Office and Warehouse Building is a historic building near downtown Kansas City, Missouri.	Safeway Stores Office and Warehouse Building	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alvediston is a small village and civil parish in Wiltshire, England, about 7 miles (11 km) east of Shaftesbury and 11 miles (18 km) southwest of Salisbury.	Alvediston	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rumyantsev Museum (Румянцевский музей) was Moscow's first public museum.	Rumyantsev Museum	Moscow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Van Pelt Manor was the name given to an area of Brooklyn, New York that today is part of the section of Bensonhurst.	Van Pelt Manor	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varun-e Tushmal (Persian: ورون توشمال‎, also Romanized as Varūn-e Tūshmāl; also known as Varān-e Tūshmāl, Varān-e Tūt Shomāl, and Varān Tūshhā) is a village in Hoseyniyeh Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Varun-e Tushmal	Hoseyniyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bentonville Train Station is a former train station in Bentonville, Arkansas.	Bentonville Train Station	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kathryn Chicone Ustler Hall (formerly known as the Women's Gymnasium and University Gymnasium) is a historic building on the campus of the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida.	Ustler Hall	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Green Bay Southwest High School is one of four public high schools located in Green Bay, Wisconsin, at 1331 Packerland Drive.	Green Bay Southwest High School	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wawrzęcice (vavʐɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązów, within Strzelin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wawrzęcice	Gmina Wiązów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Graniczna Wieś (ɡraˈnit͡ʂna ˈvjɛɕ) (literally meaning ``boundary village'') is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trąbki Wielkie, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Graniczna Wieś	Gmina Trąbki Wielkie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xiayi County (Chinese: 夏邑县; Pinyin: Xiàyì Xiàn) is a county of Shangqiu city, Henan province, People's Republic of China, with the population of about 1.11 million.	Xiayi County	Shangqiu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Królikarnia (English: The Rabbit House) is a historic palace in Warsaw, Poland in the classical style, as well as a neighborhood in the Mokotów district of Warsaw.	Królikarnia	Warsaw
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avon Old Farms School is a single-sex boarding school for boys located in Avon, Connecticut.	Avon Old Farms	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atzeneta del Maestrat is a municipality in the comarca of Alcalatén, Castelló, Valencia.	Atzeneta del Maestrat	Alcalatén
located in the administrative territorial entity	The IXL Historical Museum is a historic office building, residence, and museum complex in Hermansville, Michigan, United States.	IXL Historical Museum	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melkhas (Persian: ملخاص‎, also Romanized as Melkhāş and Melkhās) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District, Hurand District, Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Melkhas	Dodangeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Interbay Stadium (often simply called Interbay) is a 1,000-seat soccer-specific stadium in Interbay, a neighborhood of Seattle, Washington.	Interbay Stadium	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	CKGR-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts on 106.3 MHz in Golden, British Columbia.	CKGR-FM	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Queens University of Charlotte is a private, co-educational, comprehensive university located in Charlotte, North Carolina, United States.	Queens University of Charlotte	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tweedsmuir North Provincial Park and Protected Area is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, which along with Tweedsmuir South Provincial Park and Entiako Provincial Park and Protected Area were once part of Tweedsmuir Provincial Park, then B. C.'s largest park, 9,810 square kilometres (3,790 sq mi) located in the Coast Range.	Tweedsmuir North Provincial Park and Protected Area	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wabash College is a small, private, liberal arts college for men, located in Crawfordsville, Indiana, United States.	Wabash College	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Julietta, Indiana is a small neighborhood in Indianapolis located in eastern Marion County on the border of Hancock County.	Julietta, Indiana	Indianapolis
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shawnee Fossil Plant is a coal-fired power plant owned and operated by the Tennessee Valley Authority, located near Paducah, Kentucky.	Shawnee Fossil Plant	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harvard Museum of Natural History is a natural history museum on the grounds of Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Harvard Museum of Natural History	Cambridge
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doboj South (Doboj Jug) is a small rural municipality in the Zenica-Doboj Canton of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Doboj South	Zenica-Doboj Canton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Królików (kruˈlikuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodziec, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Królików	Gmina Grodziec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khanlanlu (Persian: خنلانلو‎, also Romanized as Khanlānlū; also known as Khalānlū) is a village in Shahrestaneh Rural District, Now Khandan District, Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khanlanlu	Shahrestaneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KLPI is a non-commercial educational college radio station owned by Louisiana Tech University in Ruston, Louisiana.	KLPI	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dokudów Pierwszy (dɔˈkuduf ˈpʲɛrfʂɨ) (Ukrainian: Докудів Перший, Dokudiv Pershyy) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Dokudów Pierwszy	Gmina Biała Podlaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Studniska Górne (studˈniska ˈɡurnɛ) (German: Ober Schönbrunn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulików, within Zgorzelec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Studniska Górne	Gmina Sulików
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 156 Mason Terrace in Brookline, Massachusetts, is one of the most elaborately decorated houses on Corey Hill.	House at 156 Mason Terrace	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramanaickenpettai is a Village panchayat in Vaniyambadi of Vellore District of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Ramanaickenpettai	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lincoln Bank Building is a building on Hennepin Avenue in downtown Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States.	Lincoln Bank Building	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gałązki Małe (ɡaˈwɔ̃ski ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Skalmierzyce, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Gałązki Małe	Gmina Nowe Skalmierzyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Victoria Quarter is an upmarket shopping area in Leeds, England.	Victoria Quarter	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Criterion Place was a proposed skyscraper development in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.	Criterion Place	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rhosybol (English: Moor in the Hollow) is a village in Anglesey, Wales.	Rhosybol	Anglesey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musée d'Ennery is a national museum of Asian art located in the 16th arrondissement of Paris at 59, avenue Foch, Paris, France.	Musée d'Ennery	16th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	WEDJ is a Regional Mexican radio station licensed to Danville, Indiana in the United States.	WEDJ	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marine Corps Air Station El Toro (ICAO: KNZJ, FAA LID: NZJ) was a United States Marine Corps Air Station located near Irvine, California.	Marine Corps Air Station El Toro	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westwood Motorsport Park (or Westwood Racing Circuit) was a 1.8 miles (2.90 km) 8-turn motorsport race track located in Coquitlam, British Columbia on the southern slopes of Eagle Mountain (known locally as Eagle Ridge).	Westwood Motorsport Park	Coquitlam	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cicerone Field at Anteater Ballpark is the ballpark at the University of California, Irvine in Irvine, California, United States.	Anteater Ballpark	Irvine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Almussafes (Spanish: Almusafes) is a municipality in the comarca of Ribera Baixa in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Almussafes	Ribera Baixa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Collège Sainte-Barbe is a former school in the 5th arrondissement of Paris, France.	Collège Sainte-Barbe	5th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sahra Rural District (Persian: دهستان صحرا‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Anabad District, Bardaskan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sahra Rural District	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McKnight Brain Institute (MBI) at the University of Florida is a research and teaching center, which conducts integrated Research in neuroscience, neurology, neurosurgery, psychiatry, cognitive science, and related areas.	McKnight Brain Institute	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kam Wah Chung & Co. Museum, also known as Kam Wah Chung Company Building, is a state park and a National Historic Landmark that preserves early Chinese culture in John Day in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Kam Wah Chung & Co. Museum	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Whatcom Transportation Authority (WTA) is the public transit authority of Whatcom County in northwestern Washington, based in the city of Bellingham.	Whatcom Transportation Authority	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herborn Castle (German: Schloss Herborn) is situated right above the city of Herborn, which is located in the Lahn-Dill district in the state of Hesse, Germany.	Herborn Castle	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Korean War Veterans Memorial is located in Washington, D.C.'s West Potomac Park, southeast of the Lincoln Memorial and just south of the Reflecting Pool on the National Mall.	Korean War Veterans Memorial	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Siołkowice (ˈstarɛ ɕɔu̯kɔˈvit͡sɛ) (``old Siołkowice''; German: Alt Schalkowitz; 1936-1945: Alt Schalkendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Popielów, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Stare Siołkowice	Gmina Popielów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caesar Rodney High School is a public high school located in Camden-Wyoming, Delaware, just south of Dover.	Caesar Rodney High School	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Upper Ridge Site is an archeological site on Mockhorn Island, a barrier island off the coast of the Eastern Shore of Virginia in Northampton County.	Upper Ridge Site	Northampton County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Letenye (Croatian: Letinja, Slovene: Letina) is a town in Zala County, Hungary, on the border with Croatia.	Letenye	Zala County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bethlehem Central School District is a public school district in New York State, serving approximately 5100 students just south of Albany in the towns of Bethlehem and New Scotland in Albany County with a staff of 800+ and a budget of $92 million.	Bethlehem Central School District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	WBTU is an 18,500-watt FM radio station licensed to Kendallville, Indiana located in Fort Wayne, Indiana.	WBTU	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ratford is a hamlet in the county of Wiltshire, England, with a population of approximately 50.	Ratford	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramea, Newfoundland and Labrador (NST) is a small village located on Northwest Island, one of a group of five major islands located off the south coast of Newfoundland, Canada.	Ramea	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palazzo Marcello is a Gothic-style palace on the Grand Canal, located between the Palazzo Erizzo alla Maddalena and the Ca' Vendramin Calergi in the sestiere of Cannaregio of Venice, Italy.	Palazzo Marcello	Venice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fariabad (Persian: فري اباد‎, also Romanized as Farīābād) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District, Bala Velayat District, Bakharz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Fariabad	Bala Velayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John N. Huttig Estate is a historic home in Orlando, Florida.	John N. Huttig Estate	Orlando
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Diamond Games (sponsored in 2015 as BNP Paribas Fortis Diamond Games and formerly known as Proximus Diamond Games, GDF-Suez Diamond Games and Thomas Cook Diamond Games) was a professional women's tennis tournament organised in Antwerp, Belgium.	Diamond Games	Antwerp
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuruppampady is situated about five kilometers from Perumbavoor on the Aluva-Munnar road, in Kunnathunadu Taluke, Ernakulam district, Kerala, India.	Kuruppampady	Ernakulam district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Metro Technical College (commonly North Metro Tech, or NMTC ) was a two-year state technical college located in the state of Georgia, and governed by the Technical College System of Georgia.	North Metro Technical College	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Qobad (Persian: دره قباد‎, also Romanized as Darreh Qobād) is a village in Susan-e Sharqi Rural District, Susan District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Qobad	Susan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Potopy (pɔˈtɔpɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutka-Tartak, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Potopy	Gmina Rutka-Tartak
located in the administrative territorial entity	Werneck is a market town in the district of Schweinfurt in Lower Franconia, Bavaria, Germany.	Werneck	Schweinfurt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tajabad-e Kohneh (Persian: تاج ابادكهنه‎, also Romanized as Tājābād-e Kohneh; also known as Tājābād) is a village in Azadegan Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tajabad-e Kohneh	Azadegan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Giyan Rural District (Persian: دهستان گيان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Giyan District, Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Giyan Rural District	Giyan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monticchio is an Italian hamlet (frazione) belonging to the municipalities of Rionero in Vulture and Atella, in the Province of Potenza, Basilicata.	Monticchio	Rionero in Vulture
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barqulong-e Bajuli (Persian: برقولنگ باجولي‎, also Romanized as Barqūlong-e Bājūlī; also known as Bardqolong and Barqolong) is a village in Sepidar Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Barqulong-e Bajuli	Sepidar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khvajeh Vali (Persian: خواجه ولي‎, also Romanized as Khvājeh Valī) is a village in Chenaran Rural District, in the Central District of Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khvajeh Vali	Chenaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brewer Community School is a primary school in Brewer, Maine, and is the largest primary school in the state.	Brewer Community School	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ellen's Glen House is a Community Hospital in Edinburgh, Scotland.	Ellen's Glen House	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	KLRC is a non-commercial Contemporary Christian music radio station based in Siloam Springs, Arkansas broadcasting on 90.9 FM in Northwest Arkansas and northeast Oklahoma.	KLRC	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaridih Bazar is a census town in Bermo block in Bermo subdivision of Bokaro district in the Indian state of Jharkhand.	Jaridih Bazar	Bokaro district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baszewice (baʂɛˈvit͡sɛ), (German: Batzwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfice, within Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Baszewice	Gmina Gryfice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osiek Dolny (ˈɔɕek ˈdɔlnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Osiek Dolny	Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stanlawe Grange in Aigburth, Liverpool, England is the remains of a 13th-century monastic grange.	Stanlawe Grange	Liverpool
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belmont Park railway station was located on the Armadale/Thornlie line in Perth, Western Australia.	Belmont Park railway station	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calgary Roman Catholic Separate School District No. 1 or the Calgary Catholic School District (CCSD) is the Roman Catholic separate school board in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Calgary Catholic School District	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nea Madytos (Greek: Νέα Μάδυτος) is a village and a community of the Volvi municipality.	Nea Madytos	Volvi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Serocka (ˈvɔla sɛˈrɔt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Serocka	Gmina Wodynie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Millwood Colored School, now known as Millwood Community Center, is a historic school building for African-American children located at Boyce, Clarke County, Virginia.	Millwood Colored School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arivaca Lake is located in southern Arizona, 60 miles (97 km) south of Tucson near Arivaca, Arizona.	Arivaca Lake	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beyt-e Fazieh (Persian: بيت فزيه‎, also Romanized as Beyt-e Fazīeh) is a village in Dasht-e Abbas Rural District, Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Beyt-e Fazieh	Dasht-e Abbas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Demre is a town and its surrounding district in the Antalya Province on the Mediterranean coast of Turkey, named after the river Demre.	Demre	Antalya Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obrażejowice (ɔbraʐɛjɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziemice, within Proszowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Obrażejowice	Gmina Radziemice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hansen Dam is a flood control dam in the northeastern San Fernando Valley, in the Lake View Terrace neighborhood of Los Angeles, California.	Hansen Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galineh-ye Kuchak (Persian: گلينه كوچك‎, also Romanized as Galīneh-ye Kūchak; also known as Galīneh-ye Soflá) is a village in Baryaji Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Galineh-ye Kuchak	Baryaji Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chenango County Courthouse District is a national historic district that includes a historic courthouse located at Norwich in Chenango County, New York.	Chenango County Courthouse District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drum Castle is a castle near Drumoak in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Drum Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The area of Cumnock and Doon Valley District was merged with that of Kilmarnock and Loudoun to form East Ayrshire.	Cumnock and Doon Valley	East Ayrshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mathabhanga I (community development block) is an administrative division in Mathabhanga subdivision of Cooch Behar district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Mathabhanga I (community development block)	Cooch Behar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mai Phatthana (Thai: ใหม่พัฒนา) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Ko Kha District, in Lampang Province, Thailand.In 2005 it had a total population of 5408 people.	Mai Phatthana	Ko Kha
located in the administrative territorial entity	The M L Ranch was established by Henry Clay Lovell and his financial backer Anthony Mason in Wyoming's Big Horn Basin in the late 1870s to the south of the present location.	M L Ranch	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chuqik'iraw Pukyu or Chuqi K'iraw Pukyu (Quechua chuqi metal, every kind of precious metal / gold (<Aymara), k'iraw crip, cot, pukyu spring, well, hispanicized spelling Choquequirao Puquio) is an archaeological site in Peru.	Chuqik'iraw Pukyu	Peru
located in the administrative territorial entity	Udyavara is an ancient port town located 5 km south of Udupi in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Udyavara	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Tuddenham is a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk, it has a parish church, that is named St Mary's.	North Tuddenham	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shisheh Qaleh (Persian: شيشه قلعه‎, also Romanized as Shīsheh Qal``eh) is a village in Zahray-ye Bala Rural District, in the Central District of Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 156, in 41 families.	Shisheh Qaleh	Zahray-ye Bala Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cape Lookout State Park is a state park on Cape Lookout in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Cape Lookout State Park	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh Ekhlas (Persian: قلعه اخلاص‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Ekhlāş; also known as Ghal``eh Ekhlas) is a village in Karchambu-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 250, in 53 families.	Qaleh Ekhlas	Karchambu-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maryville Treatment Center is a Missouri Department of Corrections minimum security prison for male inmates on the grounds of the former Mount Alverno motherhouse of the Sisters of St. Francis of Maryville in Polk Township, Nodaway County, just outside Maryville, Missouri.	Maryville Treatment Center	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marat Shahr (Persian: مرتع شهر‎, also Romanized as Maratʿ Shahr) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District, Babol Kenar District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Marat Shahr	Deraz Kola Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalbiabad (Persian: كلبي اباد‎, also Romanized as Kalbīābād) is a village in Ab Barik Rural District, in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kalbiabad	Ab Barik Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mendocino Transit Authority (MTA) is a public bus system that serves Ukiah, the Mendocino Valley, and coastal regions of Mendocino County, California.	Mendocino Transit Authority	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Art Museum of the University of Memphis (officially known as the Art Museum at the University of Memphis, or simply as AMUM) is located at 3750 Norriswood Avenue in Memphis, Tennessee, USA.	Art Museum of the University of Memphis	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hualpén (Spanish pronunciation: (walˈpen)) is a Chilean city and commune belonging to Concepción Province and the Biobío Region.	Hualpén	Concepción Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laveaga Peak is a mountain located in the Diablo Range in California.	Laveaga Peak	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Methacton High School (MHS) is a public high school located in Eagleville, Pennsylvania that serves students in grades 9-12 from Worcester and Lower Providence townships.	Methacton High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biskovychi (Ukrainian: Бісковичі, Polish: Biskowice) is a village (selo) in Sambir Raion, Lviv Oblast, in south-west Ukraine.	Biskovychi	Sambir Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brush Creek Salems Church, now known as Irwin Brush Creek Salem United Church of Christ, is a historic Reformed church building located in Hempfield Township, Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania.	Brush Creek Salems Church	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luin (Persian: لوئين‎, also Romanized as Lū’īn and Lūeen) is a village in Aq Kahriz Rural District, Nowbaran District, Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Luin	Aq Kahriz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Idlib District (Arabic: منطقة ادلب‎, translit. manṭiqat Idlib) is a district of the Idlib Governorate in northwestern Syria.	Idlib District	Idlib Governorate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guadalajara (/ˌɡwɑːdələˈhɑːrə/, Spanish pronunciation: (ɡwaðalaˈxaɾa)) is the capital and largest city of the Mexican state of Jalisco, and the seat of the municipality of Guadalajara.	Guadalajara	Jalisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allangrange Mains (Scottish Gaelic: ) is a farm in Munlochy, Ross-shire, and is a few miles north of the Beauly Firth, and is within the council of Highland, Scotland.	Allangrange Mains	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castagnac is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France	Castagnac	Haute-Garonne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kijowskie Nowiny (kiˈjɔfskʲɛ nɔˈvinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kijowskie Nowiny	Gmina Ślesin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Battleship Cove is a nonprofit maritime museum and war memorial in Fall River, Massachusetts.	Battleship Cove	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Louis, Besancon, Historic District is a historic Roman Catholic church complex and national historic district located near New Haven in Jefferson Township, Allen County, Indiana.	St. Louis, Besancon, Historic District	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pityny (piˈtɨnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłakowo, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pityny	Gmina Miłakowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cabalian Volcano is an active volcano located in the province of Southern Leyte (Region VIII) in the Philippines.	Cabalian Volcano	Southern Leyte
located in the administrative territorial entity	Surakul Stadium (Thai: สนามกีฬาสุระกุล; rtgs: Sanamkila Surakun) is a multi-purpose stadium in Phuket Province, Thailand.	Surakul Stadium	Phuket
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fazleh (Persian: فضله‎, also Romanized as Faẕleh) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Fazleh	Mosharrahat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WNDT (92.5 FM, ``Wind FM'') is a commercial radio station in Alachua, Florida, broadcasting to the Gainesville-Ocala, Florida, area on 92.5 FM.	WNDT	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hagwilget or Hagwilgyet is a First Nations reserve community of the Wet'suwet'en people located on the lower Bulkley River just east of Hazelton in northwestern British Columbia, Canada.	Hagwilget	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gehilfersberg is a hill in the Landkreis Fulda, Hesse, Germany.	Gehilfersberg	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Caney Fork River is a river that flows through central Tennessee in the United States, draining a substantial portion of the southwestern Cumberland Plateau and southeastern Highland Rim regions.	Caney Fork River	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The W. C. Baker House is an airplane bungalow located at 301 E. Commerce in the city of Altus, Oklahoma.	W. C. Baker House	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Diu is a town in Diu district in the union territory of Daman and Diu, India.	Diu, India	Diu district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plaistow and Ifold (/ˈplæstoʊ.əndˈaɪfoʊld/) is a civil parish in the Chichester district of West Sussex, England.	Plaistow and Ifold	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schönau an der Brend is a municipality with 1378 inhabitants in the district of Rhön-Grabfeld in northern Bavaria, Germany.	Schönau an der Brend	Rhön-Grabfeld
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chruściel (ˈxruɕt͡ɕel) (German: Tiedmannsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoskinia, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Chruściel	Gmina Płoskinia
located in the administrative territorial entity	KVIL (103.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting in the Dallas/Fort Worth market in Texas.	KVIL	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aabra is an uninhabied village in Rõuge Parish, Võru County, in southeastern Estonia.	Aabra	Rõuge Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Secaucus Junction (formerly known as Secaucus Transfer during planning stages; also known simply as Secaucus) is a major commuter rail hub in Secaucus, New Jersey.	Secaucus Junction	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Griffin Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located southwest of Three Valley Gap (Eagle Pass).	Mount Griffin Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Hoole is a civil parish in Lancashire, England, It contains the village of Walmer Bridge, and the remaining part is predominantly a farming community.	Little Hoole	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pushaw Lake is a lake in Penobscot County, Maine, United States about 6.5 miles (10.5 km) north of downtown Bangor and 4.5 mi (7.2 km) west of downtown Orono.	Pushaw Lake	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siodłowice (ɕɔdwɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ząbkowice Śląskie, within Ząbkowice Śląskie County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Siodłowice	Gmina Ząbkowice Śląskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	O. B. Ellis Unit (E1, previously Ellis I Unit) is a Texas Department of Criminal Justice prison located in unincorporated Walker County, Texas, 12 miles (19 km) north of Huntsville.	Ellis Unit	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lamoille River is a river which runs through northern Vermont and drains into Lake Champlain.	Lamoille River	Vermont
located in the administrative territorial entity	White Cloud Peak 9, also known as WCP 9, at 11,263 feet (3,433 m) above sea level is an unofficially named peak in the White Cloud Mountains of Idaho.	White Cloud Peak 9	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kobyle Góry (kɔˈbɨlɛ ˈɡurɨ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kobyle Góry	Gmina Lipnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	CKRI-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting a classic hits format at 100.7 FM in Red Deer, Alberta.	CKRI-FM	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kucice (kuˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kucice	Gmina Dzierzążnia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Śmietki Małe (ˈɕmjɛtki ˈmawɛ) (German Klein Schnittken) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Śmietki Małe	Gmina Mikołajki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ballinora (Irish: Baile Nóra - townland of gold) is a small rural parish near Cork city and Ballincollig in County Cork, Ireland.	Ballinora	County Cork
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Mary's College High School came into being as part of Saint Mary's College of California, founded in 1863 by the Catholic Church, and put under the auspices of the Institute of the Brothers of the Christian Schools in 1868.	Saint Mary's College High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The St. James Building is a historic building in Downtown Jacksonville, Florida, currently housing Jacksonville City Hall.	St. James Building	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Panamint Range is a short rugged fault-block mountain range on the northern edge of the Mojave Desert, in Death Valley National Park, Inyo County, California, United States.	Panamint Range	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sneeuberge (Afrikaans for Snow Mountains) are located in the far western portions of the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.	Sneeuberge	Eastern Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Leonards Warrior Square railway station is one of four railway stations serving Hastings in East Sussex, England.	St Leonards Warrior Square railway station	East Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karrur (Persian: كرور‎, also Romanized as Karrūr; also known as Karrū) is a village in Garmsar Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Karrur	Garmsar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Piazza Piemonte (i.e. Piedmont Square) is a square in Milan, Italy.	Piazza Piemonte	Milan
located in the administrative territorial entity	WPON (1460 AM) is a radio station in the Detroit market, broadcasting from a 6-tower array in Walled Lake, Michigan.	WPON	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fred G. Redmon Bridge, also known as the Selah Creek Bridge, is a twin arch bridge in the northwest United States, in Yakima County, Washington.	Fred G. Redmon Bridge	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Twardosławice (tfardɔswaˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabica, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Twardosławice	Gmina Grabica
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Bussy-Rabutin, also known as Château de Bussy-le-Grand, is a château which developed from a 12th-century castle, located in the commune of Bussy-le-Grand, in the Côte-d'Or department, Bourgogne, eastern France.	Château de Bussy-Rabutin	Bussy-le-Grand
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pymatuning Laboratory of Ecology (PLE) is a year-round ecology field station of the University of Pittsburgh Department of Biological Sciences located in Linesville and South Shenango Township on the shores Pymatuning Lake in Pennsylvania.	Pymatuning Laboratory of Ecology	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chiautla de Tapia is a city and municipality in La Mixteca region of Puebla in south-eastern Mexico.	Chiautla de Tapia	Puebla
located in the administrative territorial entity	KFDI-FM is a 100 kW radio station operating in Wichita, Kansas.	KFDI-FM	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cal Northern School of Law is a private law school located in Chico, California.	Cal Northern School of Law	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kam Sartap (Persian: كم سرتاپ‎, also Romanized as Kam Sartāp; also known as Kam Sārtāf) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kam Sartap	Jazmurian District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Joseph Reynolds House, also known as ``Willowmere'', is a historic house at 950 Hope Street (RI 114) in Bristol, Rhode Island.	Joseph Reynolds House	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Winfield Dunn Center (officially the Winfield Dunn Health and Physical Education Building and Convocation Complex) is a 132,000 square-foot facility, located on the main campus of Austin Peay State University in Clarksville, Tennessee.	Dunn Center	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bak Hu (Persian: بك هو‎, also Romanized as Bak Hū) is a village in Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Manujan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bak Hu	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pennzoil Place is a set of two 36-story towers in downtown Houston, Texas, United States.	Pennzoil Place	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rushmore Memorial Library, also known as the Rushmore Memorial Building, is located at the junction of NY 32 and Weygant Hill Road in Highland Mills, New York, United States.	Rushmore Memorial Library	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Ninth Street Historic District in Downtown Columbia, Missouri, USA, was listed as a historic district on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.	North Ninth Street Historic District	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	David Conklin House is a historic home located at Huntington in Suffolk County, New York, on the southwest corner of High Street(Suffolk CR 92) and New York Avenue(New York State Route 110).	David Conklin House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruan High Lanes is a village west of Veryan in south Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Ruan High Lanes	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Šarkan (Hungarian: Sárkányfalva) is a village and municipality in the Nové Zámky District in the Nitra Region of south-west Slovakia.	Šarkan	Nové Zámky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Basaidu (Persian: باسعيدو‎, also Romanized as Bāsa``īdū, Bāsa``īdow, and Bāsīdu) is a village in Dulab Rural District, Shahab District, Qeshm County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,662, in 359 families.	Basaidu	Dulab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Johnson C. Smith University (JCSU) is a private, co-ed, historically black four-year research university in the heart of Charlotte, North Carolina, United States.	Johnson C. Smith University	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Volano (German: Nussdorf) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 15 kilometres (9 mi) south of Trento.	Volano	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cents-Hamm railway station (Luxembourgish: Gare Zens-Hamm, French: Gare de Cents-Hamm, German: Bahnhof Cents-Hamm) is a railway station serving the quarters of Cents and Hamm in the east of Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg.	Cents-Hamm railway station	Luxembourg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Point Clear is a village in the civil parish of St Osyth in the Tendring district, in the county of Essex, England.	Point Clear	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stajna (Serbian: Стајна) is a village in the municipality of Pale, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Stajna	Pale
located in the administrative territorial entity	Złote Pole (ˈzwɔtɛ ˈpɔlɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Srokowo, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Złote Pole	Gmina Srokowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parker 13-Sided Barn is an officially registered historic barn nestled in the lovely hamlet of Jefferson in Schoharie County, New York.	Parker 13-Sided Barn	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charłupia Mała (xarˈwupja ˈmawa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieradz, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Charłupia Mała	Gmina Sieradz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jucu (Hungarian: Zsuk; German: Schucken) is a commune in Cluj County, Romania.	Jucu	Cluj County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hefzabad (Persian: حفظاباد‎, also Romanized as Ḩefz̧ābād) is a village in Fuladlui Jonubi Rural District, Hir District, Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Hefzabad	Fuladlui Jonubi Rural District	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Tambo is a mountain located to the north-east of Omeo in Victoria, Australia.	Mount Tambo	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	WHTF is a Top 40 (CHR) radio station in the Tallahassee, Florida market owned by Red Hills Broadcasting, LLC. Its studios are located in northeast Tallahassee, and its transmitter is based in Bradfordville, Florida.	WHTF	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valandaran (Persian: ولندران‎, also Romanized as Valandarān; also known as Valyandoran) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Valandaran	Peyghan Chayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Altass (Scottish Gaelic: Alltais) is a village within Lairg, Sutherland, within the Highland, Scotland and is in the council area of Highland.	Altass	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dipaleseng Local Municipality, is a South African Local Municipality situated in the Gert Sibande District Municipality, of Mpumalanga.	Dipaleseng Local Municipality	Gert Sibande District Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Orzechów (ˈnɔvɨ ɔˈʐɛxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnowica, within Parczew County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Nowy Orzechów	Gmina Sosnowica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dybówka (dɨˈbufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozorków, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Dybówka	Gmina Ozorków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palczyn (ˈpalt͡ʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotniki Kujawskie, within Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Palczyn	Gmina Złotniki Kujawskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahagama block is one of eight revenue blocks of Godda district and an assembly constituency in Jharkhand.	Mahagama	Godda district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edmonton West (French: Edmonton-Ouest) is a federal electoral district in Alberta, Canada, that was represented in the Canadian House of Commons from 1917 to 1988, from 1997 to 2004 and again since 2015.	Edmonton West	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golders Green is an area in the London Borough of Barnet in England.	Golders Green	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rust Belt begins in New York and traverses to the west through Pennsylvania, West Virginia, Ohio, Indiana, and the Lower Peninsula of Michigan, ending in northern Illinois and eastern Wisconsin.	Rust Belt	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jartypory (jartɨˈpɔrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Liw, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jartypory	Gmina Liw
located in the administrative territorial entity	Molla Jamati (Persian: ملاجماتي‎, also Romanized as Mollā Jamātī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Molla Jamati	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iğdır Province (Turkish: Iğdır ili) is a province in eastern Turkey, located along the border with Armenia, Azerbaijan (the area of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic), and Iran.	Iğdır Province	Turkey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Abbey Church of Saint Foy St. in Conques, France, was a popular stop for pilgrims traveling the Way of St. James to Santiago de Compostela, in what is now Spain.	Abbey Church of Saint Foy	Conques
located in the administrative territorial entity	Groß-Gerau-Dornberg station is on the Frankfurt-Mannheim line and Groß Gerau station is on the Wiesbaden--	Groß-Gerau	Groß Gerau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glengarnock (Gaelic: Gleann Gairneig) is a small village in North Ayrshire that lies near the west coast of Scotland.	Glengarnock	North Ayrshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Napromek (naˈprɔmɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubawa, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Napromek	Gmina Lubawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dewdney-Alouette Regional District was a regional district in the Lower Mainland of British Columbia, Canada, comprising the district municipalities of Pitt Meadows, Maple Ridge and Mission and unincorporated areas east to the Harrison River and north to the southern end of Lillooet Lake.	Dewdney-Alouette Regional District	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abravan Rural District (Persian: دهستان آبروان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Razaviyeh District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Abravan Rural District	Razaviyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 2332 (FM 2332) is a farm to market road that provides access to the farming areas of Clay County, Texas.	Farm to Market Road 2332	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	High Tech High Media Arts, often referred to as HTHMA, is a public charter high school in San Diego, California.	High Tech High Media Arts	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Midul (Persian: ميدول‎, also Romanized as Mīdūl, Meydol, and Midool) is a village in Gol-e Cheydar Rural District, Sarshiv District, Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Midul	Gol-e Cheydar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nong Yaeng (Thai: หนองแหย่ง) is a tambon (subdistrict) of San Sai District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Nong Yaeng	San Sai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sandisfield State Forest is a Massachusetts state forest filled with rolling hardwood forests in the town of Sandisfield.	Sandisfield State Forest	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cieszyniec (t͡ɕeˈʂɨɲet͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godkowo, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Cieszyniec	Gmina Godkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	KXPS, ``Team 1010,'' is an all-sports radio station based in Palm Desert, California, United States.	KXPS	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gen. John J. Pershing Boyhood Home State Historic Site in Laclede, Missouri, is maintained by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources as a state historic site.	Gen. John J. Pershing Boyhood Home State Historic Site	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Casino Miami (formerly known as Miami Jai-Alai Fronton) is a 6,500-capacity indoor arena and casino located at 3500 NW 37th Avenue in Miami, Florida.	Casino Miami	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kangaamiut Kangerluarsuat Fjord (old spelling: Kangâmiut Kangerdluarssuat) is a fjord in the Qeqqata municipality in western Greenland.	Kangaamiut Kangerluarsuat Fjord	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gigerwaldsee is a reservoir in the municipality of Pfäfers, in the Canton of St. Gallen, Switzerland.	Gigerwaldsee	Canton of St. Gallen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirzalu (Persian: ميرزالو‎, also Romanized as Mīrzālū; also known as Mirza-Khani and Mīrzā Khānlū) is a village in Darram Rural District, in the Central District of Tarom County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Mirzalu	Darram Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wichrowiec (viˈxrɔvjɛt͡s) (German: Wichrowitz, Wychrowitz; 1938-45: Hardichhausen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowo, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wichrowiec	Gmina Janowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canet lo Roig (Valencian pronunciation: (kaˈned lo ˈrɔtʃ)) is a municipality in the comarca of Baix Maestrat in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Canet lo Roig	Baix Maestrat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radzimów (raˈd͡ʑimuf) (German: Bellmannsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulików, within Zgorzelec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Radzimów	Gmina Sulików
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emamzadeh Soltan Gheyb (Persian: امامزاده سلطان غيب‎, also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Solţān Gheyb; also known as Emāmzādeh) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Emamzadeh Soltan Gheyb	Jaydasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Paul Bishop's House is actually a pair of historic townhouses located at 363-365 Adelaide Street East in the St. Lawrence neighborhood downtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Paul Bishop's House	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William Lloyd Garrison House, also known as Rockledge, is a National Historic Landmark house, located at 125 Highland Street in the Roxbury Higlands section of Boston, Massachusetts.	William Lloyd Garrison House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eddy Homestead is a historic house at 2543 Hartford Avenue (United States Route 6) in rural western Johnston, Rhode Island.	Eddy Homestead	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardwick is a district of Manchester in North West England, one mile south east of the city centre.	Ardwick	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Canal Township Park (also known locally as 'The Breakers') is a park across the Keweenaw Waterway from McLain State Park near Houghton, Michigan.	North Canal Township Park	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Leura is a 313-metre scoria cone surrounding a dry crater 100 m deep and is the central and most obvious component of a larger volcanic complex southeast of the town of Camperdown located in western Victoria, Australia, 194 kilometres (121 mi) km south west of the state capital, Melbourne.	Mount Leura	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Leine (Old Saxon Lagina) is a river in Thuringia and Lower Saxony, Germany.	Leine	Thuringia	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kayalpattinam (also known as Kayalpatnam or Korkai, Arabic - قاهر فطن, Tamil - காயல்பட்டினம்) is a Municipality in Thoothukudi district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Kayalpattinam	Thoothukudi district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Club is a private club founded in 1874 for business professionals located in the financial district of downtown Toronto, Canada.	The National Club	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Playa Vicente is a municipality located in the south zone of the State of Veracruz, about 220 km from state capital Xalapa.	Playa Vicente	Veracruz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The CNN Center is located in Downtown Atlanta, Georgia, adjacent to Centennial Olympic Park.	CNN Center	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sapotaweyak Cree Nation is a Cree First Nations band government whose reserves are located in Central Manitoba north of Swan River.	Sapotaweyak Cree Nation	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meadow Brook Hall is a Tudor revival style mansion located at 480 South Adams Road in Rochester Hills, Michigan.	Meadow Brook Hall	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sibley Memorial Hospital is a non-profit hospital located in The Palisades neighborhood of Washington D.C..	Sibley Memorial Hospital	Washington D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nolan Hill is a residential neighbourhood in the northwest quadrant of Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Nolan Hill	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sanyuan District (Chinese: 三元; pinyin: Sānyuán) is a district of Sanming, Fujian province, People's Republic of China.	Sanyuan District	Sanming
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Unterberghorn (1,773 m above sea level (AA)) in the Austrian district of Kitzbühel in Tyrol is the highest peak between the mountain ranges of the Wilder Kaiser and Loferer Steinberge.	Unterberghorn	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	WSLQ (99.1 FM) is a commercial FM radio station licensed to Roanoke, Virginia, serving the New River Valley and Southwest Virginia.	WSLQ	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barza Reka (Bulgarian: Бърза река) is a village in Chernoochene Municipality, in Kardzhali Province, in southern-central Bulgaria.	Barza Reka	Chernoochene Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gumti Water Fountain is a monument in Faisalabad, Pakistan preserved from the British Raj era.	Gumti Water Fountain	Faisalabad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bard-e Gazhdi (Persian: بردگژدي‎, also Romanized as Bard-e Gazhdī) is a village in Hati Rural District, Hati District, Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bard-e Gazhdi	Hati Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dillenburg is a town in Hesse's Gießen region in Germany.	Dillenburg	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coleman Barracks/Coleman Army Airfield (ICAO: ETOR) is a United States Army military installation located in the Sandhofen district of Mannheim, Germany.	Coleman Army Airfield	Sandhofen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maliget (Persian: ملي گت‎, also Romanized as Malīget; also known as Malikat and Melīgeyt) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Maliget	Mosharrahat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Długowola (ˈnɔva dwuɡɔˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczyn, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowa Długowola	Gmina Goszczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kicking Horse River is in the Canadian Rockies of southeastern British Columbia, Canada.	Kicking Horse River	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baruj (Persian: باروج‎, also Romanized as Bārūj and Barooj; also known as Bare, Bareh, Bārī, Bary, Bereh, and Pareh) is a village in Zolbin Rural District, Yamchi District, Marand County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Baruj	Zolbin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raba Niżna (ˈraba ˈniʐna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszana Dolna, within Limanowa County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Raba Niżna	Gmina Mszana Dolna
located in the administrative territorial entity	KXJM (107.5 FM, ``JAM'N 107.5'') is a commercial broadcast radio station located in the Portland, Oregon area and broadcasts at 107.5 FM.	KXJM	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalety (kaˈlɛtɨ) (German: Kalet, Stahlhammer(1940-45)) is a town in Tarnowskie Góry County, Silesian Voivodeship, Poland, with 8,668 inhabitants (2004).	Kalety	Tarnowskie Góry County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Russel Erskine Hotel is an apartment building and former hotel in Huntsville, Alabama.	Russel Erskine Hotel	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ascension of Our Lord Chapel is a historic Russian Orthodox chapel in Karluk, Alaska.	Ascension of Our Lord Chapel	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarastaneh (Persian: سراستانه‎, also Romanized as Sarāstāneh; also known as Sar Astan) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sarastaneh	Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gants Mill is a watermill on the River Brue in Pitcombe near Bruton, Somerset, England.	Gants Mill	Pitcombe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prince Street Synagogue (Oheb Shalom), in the Springfield/Belmont neighborhood, is the oldest synagogue building still standing in Newark, Essex County, New Jersey, United States.	Prince Street Synagogue	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sabari District is situated in the northern part of Khost Province, Afghanistan.	Sabari District	Khost
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehnow-e Sadat (Persian: دهنوسادات‎, also Romanized as Dehnow-e Sādāt; also known as Dehnow) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dehnow-e Sadat	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gummawala is a small village in Roorkee Taluka that located in Haridwar district, Uttarakhand, India.	Gummawala	Uttarakhand
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jamaica Plain is a neighborhood of 4.4 square miles (11 km2) in Boston, Massachusetts, US.	Jamaica Plain	Boston
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przysowy (pʂɨˈsɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Przysowy	Gmina Chorzele
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bargecheh (Persian: برگچه‎) is a village in Qolqol Rud Rural District, Qolqol Rud District, Tuyserkan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Bargecheh	Qolqol Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szare (ˈʂarɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milówka, within Żywiec County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Szare	Gmina Milówka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tazehabad-e Zir Khaki (Persian: تازه ابادزيرخاكي‎, also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Zīr Khākī; also known as Tāzehābād) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Tazehabad-e Zir Khaki	Helilan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Torlonia Museum (Italian: Museo Torlonia; not identical with the Villa Torlonia on the Via Nomentana) was a museum in Rome, which housed the Torlonia Collection (Collezione Torlonia) of ancient sculptures.	Torlonia Museum	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wickham railway station was located on the Newcastle line in New South Wales, Australia.	Wickham railway station	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shemshak (Persian: شمشک‎) is a city in Rudbar-e Qasran District, Shemiranat County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Shemshak	Rudbar-e Qasran District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vattjom is a locality situated in Sundsvall Municipality, Västernorrland County, Sweden with 477 inhabitants in 2010.	Vattjom	Sundsvall Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Arapiles was a local government area in the Wimmera region of western Victoria, Australia.	Shire of Arapiles	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sangchris Lake State Recreation Area is an Illinois state park on 3,022 acres (1,223 ha) in Christian and Sangamon Counties, Illinois, United States.	Sangchris Lake State Recreation Area	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chiusaforte (Slovene: Kluže, German: Klausen, Friulian: Sclûse) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia.	Chiusaforte	Province of Udine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ballencrieff Castle, also known as Ballencrieff House, is a large tower house at Ballencrieff, East Lothian, Scotland.	Ballencrieff Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palatka High School is a public high school located in Palatka, Florida, operated by the Putnam County School Board.	Palatka High School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kangaroo Island Council is a local government area in South Australia that covers the entirety of Kangaroo Island, 13 km off the coast of the mainland.	Kangaroo Island Council	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostałówek (ɔstaˈwuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chlewiska, within Szydłowiec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ostałówek	Gmina Chlewiska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanllowell (Welsh: Llanllywel) is a village in Monmouthshire, southeast Wales, in the United Kingdom.	Llanllowell	Monmouthshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Bridge was a bridge that carried the Atlantic Coast Line Railroad, and later, the Seaboard Coast Line Railroad over the James River in Richmond, Virginia.	Atlantic Coast Line Railroad Bridge	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jishui County (Chinese: 吉水县; Pinyin: Jíshǔi Xiàn) is a county located on the Gan River Ji'an city, Jiangxi province, China.	Jishui County	Ji'an
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Catherine's Oratory is a medieval lighthouse on St. Catherine's Down near the southern coast of the Isle of Wight, the Back of the Wight.	St. Catherine's Oratory	Isle of Wight
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musée des Matériaux du Centre de Recherche sur les Monuments Historiques was a museum in the Palais de Chaillot at 9, avenue Albert de Mun, Paris, France, that displayed building materials used in historical monuments along with scale models of buildings.	Musée des Matériaux du Centre de Recherche sur les Monuments Historiques	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cascadilla School Boathouse is a historic boathouse located on Cayuga Lake at Ithaca in Tompkins County, New York.	Cascadilla School Boathouse	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	KDMA (1460 AM) is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Montevideo, Minnesota on the frequency of 1460 kHz.	KDMA	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salt Creek Recreation Area is a 196 acre park located about 15 miles west of Port Angeles, Washington on U.S. Route 101 near the city of Joyce, Washington.	Salt Creek Recreation Area	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chilagodu (Kannada ಚಿಲಗೋಡು) is a village in Bellary district in Karnataka.	Chilagodu	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tomb of Askia, in Gao, Mali, is believed to be the burial place of Askia Mohammad I, one of the Songhai Empire's most prolific emperors.	Tomb of Askia	Gao
located in the administrative territorial entity	Celbowo (t͡sɛlˈbɔvɔ) (Kashubian: Celbòwò; German: Celbau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck, within Puck County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Celbowo	Gmina Puck
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Family Arena is a multi-purpose arena in St. Charles, Missouri, built in 1999.	Family Arena	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borgofranco d'Ivrea is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, about 50 kilometres (31 mi) north of Turin.	Borgofranco d'Ivrea	Province of Turin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mal-e Shamab (Persian: مال شهاب‎, also Romanized as Māl-e Shamāb; also known as Māl Shahāb) is a village in Liravi-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Deylam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Mal-e Shamab	Liravi-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Judge Harry Pregerson Interchange is a stack interchange near the Athens and Watts communities of Los Angeles, California.	Judge Harry Pregerson Interchange	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount McDowell (O'odham: S-wegĭ Doʼag, Yavapai: Wi:kawatha), more commonly referred to as Red Mountain, is located on the Salt River Pima-Maricopa Indian Reservation, just north of Mesa, Arizona.	Mount McDowell	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dębrzyna (dɛmˈbʐɨna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Dębrzyna	Gmina Szczecinek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malmö Municipality (Swedish: Malmö kommun (ˈmalːˈmøː kɔˈmuːn)), or City of Malmö (Malmö stad (ˈmalːˈmøː ˈstɑːd)), is a municipality in Skåne County in Sweden.	Malmö Municipality	Skåne County
located in the administrative territorial entity	McAlester Army Ammunition Plant (MCAAP) is a weapons manufacturing facility in McAlester, Oklahoma.	McAlester Army Ammunition Plant	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laixi (simplified Chinese: 莱西; traditional Chinese: 萊西; pinyin: Láixī) is a county-level city of Qingdao sub-provincial city, Shandong Province, China.	Laixi	Qingdao
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zoratu Pain (Persian: زرتوپائين‎, also Romanized as Z̄oratū Pā’īn and Z̄orratū-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Gohreh Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Zoratu Pain	Gohreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chojane-Pawłowięta (xɔˈjanɛ pavwɔˈvjɛnta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kulesze Kościelne, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Chojane-Pawłowięta	Gmina Kulesze Kościelne
located in the administrative territorial entity	HMCS Stone Frigate is a dormitory and classroom block of the Royal Military College of Canada in Kingston, Ontario.	HMCS Stone Frigate	Kingston
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cycledrome was an American football stadium and velodrome located in Providence, Rhode Island.	Cycledrome	Providence
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Porta Mariae (Latin, ``Marian Gate'') is a triumphal arch in Naga City commemorating the tercentenary of the devotion to Our Lady of Peñafrancia.	Porta Mariae	Naga
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ross Memorial Park and Alexandre Stadium is a combined multi-purpose outdoor athletic facility in North Franklin Township, Pennsylvania owned by Washington & Jefferson College.	Ross Memorial Park and Alexandre Stadium	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	KSKQ is a non-commercial educational (NCE) community FM radio station licensed by the United States Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to Ashland, Oregon, United States.	KSKQ	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daramru (Persian: دارمرو‎, also Romanized as Dārāmrū; also known as Daramrud (Persian: دارامرود), also Romanized as Dārāmrūd) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Daramru	Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Federal Medical Center, Carswell (FMC Carswell) is a United States federal prison in Texas for female inmates of all security levels with special medical and mental health needs.	Federal Medical Center, Carswell	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Siletz Reservation is a 5.852 sq mi (15.157 km²) Indian reservation in Lincoln County, Oregon, United States, owned by the Confederated Tribes of Siletz.	Siletz Reservation	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Auglaize County Courthouse is located between West Mechanic, Willipie, West Pearl and Perry Streets in downtown Wapakoneta, Ohio, United States.	Auglaize County Courthouse	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camber Castle was built approximately 1.5 kilometres (0.93 mi) between the ports of Rye and Winchelsea on the south coast of England, overlooking a body of water called the Camber, at the mouth of the Brede, Rother and Tillingham rivers.	Camber Castle	Rother
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chinle Municipal Airport (FAA LID: E91), also referred to as Chinle Airport, is a public-use airport located three nautical miles (4 mi, 6 km) southwest of the central business district of Chinle, in Apache County, Arizona, United States.	Chinle Municipal Airport	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alme Valley Railway (German: Almetalbahn) was an approximately 60 km long, mostly single-track branch line from Paderborn via Buren to Brilon in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.	Alme Valley Railway	North Rhine-Westphalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reading Terminal Market is an enclosed public market found at 12th and Arch Streets in downtown Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Reading Terminal Market	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hawkfield (Irish: Pairc an tSeabaigh) is a village in County Kildare, Ireland.	Hawkfield	County Kildare
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grijzegrubben, known as Griëzegröbbe in Limburgish, is a hamlet in the municipality of Nuth in the province of Limburg, the Netherlands.	Grijzegrubben	Nuth
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sandy Bay Airport, (TC LID: CJY4), is located 1.3 nautical miles (2.4 km; 1.5 mi) northeast of Sandy Bay, Saskatchewan, Canada also known as Sandy Lake.	Sandy Bay Airport	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruch-e Olya (Persian: روچ عليا‎, also Romanized as Rūch-e ``Olyā) is a village in Alamut-e Pain Rural District, Rudbar-e Alamut District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 118, in 57 families.	Ruch-e Olya	Alamut-e Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lipscani is a street and a district of Bucharest, Romania, which from middle age to early 19th century was the most important commercial area of the city and the whole Wallachia.	Lipscani	Bucharest
located in the administrative territorial entity	Béal na Bláth, alternatively Béal na mBláth, Béal na Blá, Bealnablath or Bealnabla, is a small village on the R585 road in County Cork, Ireland.	Béal na Bláth	County Cork
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malvern and Westerham School was a school located in the Rockland neighbourhood of Victoria, British Columbia, Canada, at 1765 Rockland Avenue.	Malvern and Westerham School	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mingoose is a hamlet near St Agnes and north of Mount Hawke in Cornwall, England.	Mingoose	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Zhaleh-ye Sofla (Persian: دره ژاله سفلي‎, also Romanized as Darreh Zhāleh-ye Soflá; also known as Darreh Zhāleh-ye Pā'īn) is a village in Ozgoleh Rural District, Ozgoleh District, Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Darreh Zhaleh-ye Sofla	Ozgoleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budziszów Mały (buˈd͡ʑiʂuf ˈmawɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wądroże Wielkie, within Jawor County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Budziszów Mały	Gmina Wądroże Wielkie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maduravoyal is a residential neighborhood located in the west of Chennai, India.	Maduravoyal	Chennai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Surunga is a trade center of Jhapa District.	Surunga	Jhapa District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penn State Milton S. Hershey Medical Center, located in Hershey, Pennsylvania, 10 miles (17 km) east of Harrisburg, is Penn State's medical school and academic medical center.	Penn State Milton S. Hershey Medical Center	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Greenfield Meeting House is a historic meeting house on Forest Road in the center of Greenfield, New Hampshire.	Greenfield Meeting House	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jakać Młoda (ˈjakat͡ɕ ˈmwɔda) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Jakać Młoda	Gmina Śniadowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weippe Prairie is a ``beautiful upland prairie field of about nine by twenty miles of open farmland bordered by pine forests'' at 3,000 feet elevation in Clearwater County, Idaho, at Weippe, Idaho.	Weippe Prairie	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vasheqan (Persian: واشقان‎, also Romanized as Vāsheqān, Vāshqān, and Vāshaqān; also known as Vāsheqeh, Vashghan, and Wāshghān) is a village in Talkh Ab Rural District, Khenejin District, Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Vasheqan	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szczecinowo (ʂt͡ʂɛt͡ɕiˈnɔvɔ) (German: Sczeczinowen; 1925-1945: Steinberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Juchy, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Szczecinowo	Gmina Stare Juchy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaralar-e Kuh (Persian: قرالركوه‎, also Romanized as Qarālar-e Kūh; also known as Qarahlar-e Gūrkhāneh) is a village in Baranduzchay-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qaralar-e Kuh	Baranduzchay-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penclawdd (Welsh: Pen-clawdd) is a village which is situated in the north of the Gower Peninsula in Swansea, Wales.	Penclawdd	Swansea
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sobieńczyce (sɔbjɛɲˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krokowa, within Puck County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sobieńczyce	Gmina Krokowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manoel Viana is a Brazilian municipality in the western part of the state of Rio Grande do Sul.	Manoel Viana	Rio Grande do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mooreland Hill School is an independent Kindergarten to Grade 9 school located in Kensington, Connecticut.	Mooreland Hill School	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Ephraim Public Schools are a community public school district that serves students in pre-Kindergarten through eighth grade from Mount Ephraim, in Camden County, New Jersey, United States.	Mount Ephraim Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adžići (Cyrillic: Аџићи) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Adžići	Gradiška
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cabharstadh or Caversta (Scottish Gaelic: Cabharstaigh) is a village on Lewis in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland.	Cabharstadh	Outer Hebrides
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dahaneh-ye Chahal (Persian: دهنه چهل‎; also known as Dahaneh-ye Jahl and Qāsemābād) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District, Razaviyeh District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Dahaneh-ye Chahal	Pain Velayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stanisławów Duży (staniˈswavuf ˈduʐɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamionka, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Stanisławów Duży	Gmina Kamionka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bay Springs Lake is a reservoir on the Tennessee-Tombigbee Waterway in the U.S. state of Mississippi.	Bay Springs Lake	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wielgołęka (vjɛlɡɔˈwɛŋka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wielgołęka	Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edward W. Morley House is a historic house and National Historic Landmark at 26 Westland Avenue in West Hartford, Connecticut.	Edward W. Morley House	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hannah Park is a football ground in Shotts, a town in North Lanarkshire midway between Glasgow and Edinburgh in Scotland.	Hannah Park	Shotts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zanjilabad (Persian: زنجيل اباد‎, also Romanized as Zanjīlābād; also known as Zanjolābād) is a village in Ardalan Rural District, Mehraban District, Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zanjilabad	Ardalan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Unalakleet River in the U.S. state of Alaska flows southwest 90 miles (145 km) from the Kaltag Mountains to near the town of Unalakleet, on Norton Sound of the Bering Sea.	Unalakleet River	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ternhill (also known as Tern Hill) is a village in Shropshire, England, notable as the location of the former RAF Ternhill station, which is now operated by the British Army and known as Clive Barracks.	Ternhill	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alexis I. duPont High School is a public high school located in Greenville, Delaware, USA, a suburb of Wilmington.	Alexis I. duPont High School	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kharsang is a circle under the Miao sub-division of Changlang district of Arunachal Pradesh.	Kharsang	Changlang district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jack Lamberson House, also known as Robert McCormick House, is a Frank Lloyd Wright-designed Usonian home that was constructed in Oskaloosa, Iowa in 1948.	Jack Lamberson House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pond Mill Bridge, also known as Pondtown Mill Bridge, is a historic stone arch bridge in Latimore Township, Adams County, Pennsylvania.	Pond Mill Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lane County Farmers Market is a farmers market in Eugene, Oregon, United States.	Lane County Farmers Market	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whitefish Mountain Resort is a ski resort located at The Big Mountain in northwestern Montana, located west of Glacier National Park in the Flathead National Forest.	Whitefish Mountain Resort	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nidau converted to the new faith of the Protestant Reformation in 1528, along with the Canton of Bern.	Nidau	Canton of Bern
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crédit Lyonnais headquarters (the headquarters of the French bank Crédit Lyonnais, now LCL) is a Haussmannian style building in the 2nd arrondissement of Paris.	Crédit Lyonnais headquarters	2nd arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	S. B. Brodbeck Housing, also known as The Brick House, is a set of four historic rowhouses located at Codorus Township, Pennsylvania, York County, Pennsylvania.	S. B. Brodbeck Housing	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilton Dean is a village in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland, on the Cala Burn, and close to the River Teviot.	Wilton Dean	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalaiyur (Tamil: களையூர்) is a revenue village in Cuddalore district, state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Kalaiyur	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pehengan (Persian: پهنگان‎, also Romanized as Pehengān) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District, Kuhpayeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Pehengan	Tudeshk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is the southern terminus of the California State Water Project, situated in a mountain-rimmed valley between Moreno Valley and Perris, in what is now the Lake Perris State Recreation Area.	Lake Perris	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gwernesney (Welsh: Gwernesni) is a village in Monmouthshire in southeast Wales.	Gwernesney	Monmouthshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tall-e Ganj Gah (Persian: تل گنج گه‎) is a village in Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Landeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Tall-e Ganj Gah	Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Namdrik Atoll or Namorik Atoll (Marshallese: Nam̧dik, (nʲæ͡ɑmˠ(ʌ͡ɛ)r̪ʲi͡ɯk)) is a coral atoll of two islands in the Pacific Ocean, and forms a legislative district of the Ralik Chain of the Marshall Islands.	Namdrik Atoll	Marshall Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klępie Górne (ˈklɛmpjɛ ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Klępie Górne	Gmina Stopnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clifton T. Perkins Hospital Center (CTPHC) is a 250-bed psychiatric hospital in Jessup, Maryland.	Clifton T. Perkins Hospital Center	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taylor Municipal Airport (FAA LID: T74) is a city-owned public-use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) west of the central business district of Taylor, a city in Williamson County, Texas, United States.	Taylor Municipal Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tumin (Arabic: تومين‎, also spelled Toumine) is a village in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Hama Governorate, southwest of Hama.	Tumin	Hama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lungotevere di San Paolo (official name: Lungotevere di S. Paolo) is the stretch of Lungotevere that connects via Ostiense to Piazza Tommaso Edison, in Rome, in the Ostiense district.	Lungotevere di San Paolo	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Droniki (drɔˈniki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sława, within Wschowa County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Droniki	Gmina Sława
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daquqabad (Persian: دقوق اباد‎, also Romanized as Daqūqābād; also known as Coghābād, Dūghābād, Dūjābād, and Dūqābād) is a village in Bahreman Rural District, Nuq District, Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Daquqabad	Bahreman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pataveh-ye Bidak (Persian: پاتاوه بيدك‎, also Romanized as Pātāveh-ye Bīdak) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District, in the Central District of Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Pataveh-ye Bidak	Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carroll Park Methodist Episcopal Church is a former Methodist church in Brooklyn, New York, formerly located at 295 Carroll Street, Carroll Gardens, Brooklyn, New York City.	Carroll Park Methodist Episcopal Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zarrin Bagh (Persian: زرين باغ‎, also Romanized as Zarrīn Bāgh; also known as Zarrīnī) is a village in Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District, Khezel District, Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Zarrin Bagh	Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mana Contemporary is a cultural center in Jersey City, New Jersey, USA.	Mana Contemporary	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paszęcin (paˈʂɛnt͡ɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rąbino, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Paszęcin	Gmina Rąbino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of Tomorrow (Portuguese: Museu do Amanhã) is a science museum in the city of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Museum of Tomorrow	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lungotevere della Magliana is the stretch of the urban road along the Tiber that connects via del Ponte della Magliana to via della Magliana, in Rome's Portuense district.	Lungotevere della Magliana	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaipuzha is a small village in Kottayam District and sub-district in the Indian state of Kerala.	Kaipuzha	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tokary Pierwsze (tɔˈkarɨ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kawęczyn, within Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Tokary Pierwsze	Gmina Kawęczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prats-Saint-Thomas is a former commune in Pyrénées-Orientales (France).	Prats-Saint-Thomas	Pyrénées-Orientales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kimbel Arena is a 1,039-seat multi-purpose arena located on the campus of Coastal Carolina University in Conway, South Carolina, United States.	Kimbel Arena	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sznyfin (ˈʂnɨfin) (German: Rasenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Buk, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Sznyfin	Gmina Buk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dugh Kashan (Persian: دوغ كشان‎, also Romanized as Dūgh Kashān) is a village in Heruz Rural District, Kuhsaran District, Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dugh Kashan	Kuhsaran District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chichimilá Municipality (In the Yucatec Maya Language: ``hard to see or recognize'') is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing (358.59 km2) of land and located roughly 170 km southeast of the city of Mérida.	Chichimilá Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khalfani (Persian: خلفاني‎, also Romanized as Khalfānī) is a village in Moqam Rural District, Shibkaveh District, Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Khalfani	Shibkaveh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marlewo (marˈlɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogoźno, within Oborniki County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Marlewo	Gmina Rogoźno
located in the administrative territorial entity	KVAB (102.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a classic rock format, licensed to Clarkston, Washington, USA.	KVAB	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Valley Library is the primary library of Oregon State University and is located at the school's main campus in Corvallis in the U.S. state of Oregon.	The Valley Library	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nevasa is a city in Nevasa tehsil of Ahmednagar district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.	Nevasa	Ahmednagar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Augusta Technical College is a two-year college based in Augusta, Georgia.	Augusta Technical College	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Durahi Sefidar (Persian: دوراهي سفيدار‎, also Romanized as Dūrāhī Sefīdār) is a village in Dasht-e Rum Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Durahi Sefidar	Dasht-e Rum Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	National Golf Links of America is a prestigious links-style golf course in Southampton, New York, located on Long Island between Shinnecock Hills Golf Club and Peconic Bay.	National Golf Links of America	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Równica Dolna (ruvˈnit͡sa ˈdɔlna) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Równica Dolna	Gmina Korsze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Subotinac (Serbian: Суботинац) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac, Serbia.	Subotinac	Aleksinac
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dąbrowa Godowska (dɔmˈbrɔva ɡɔˈdɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Dąbrowa Godowska	Gmina Opole Lubelskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bruskowo Małe (brusˈkɔvɔ ˈmawɛ) (German Klein Brüskow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupsk, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bruskowo Małe	Gmina Słupsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chrüzlistock is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, located north of Sedrun in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Chrüzlistock	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leke is a town in Diksmuide, a part of Belgium in the province of West Flanders.	Leke	Diksmuide
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh-e Kalak (Persian: باغ كلك‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Kalak) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Dishmok District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Kalak	Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Pobla de Benifassà (Valencian pronunciation: (la ˈpɔβla ðe βenifaˈsa)) is a municipality in the comarca of Baix Maestrat in the Valencian Community, Spain.	La Pobla de Benifassà	Baix Maestrat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bapira (Persian: باپيرا‎, also Romanized as Bāpīrā) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District, Abezhdan District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bapira	Abezhdan Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jowai (IPA: ʤəʊˈwaɪ) is the headquarters of West Jaintia Hills district of the state of Meghalaya, India and is home to the Pnar tribe.	Jowai	Jaintia Hills district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ralston Arena, also called the Ralston Sports and Event Center, is an arena located in Ralston, Nebraska, a suburb of Omaha, Nebraska.	Ralston Arena	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	KJXK (102.7 FM, ``102.7 Jack FM'') is a radio station in San Antonio, Texas, broadcasting an adult hits music format as a member of the ``Jack FM'' brand.	KJXK	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Annapolis National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located in the city of Annapolis, in Anne Arundel County, Maryland.	Annapolis National Cemetery	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dillon River Wildland Park is a wildland provincial park in northern Alberta, Canada that is 191,544 ha (473,320 acres) in size.	Dillon River Wildland Park	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Peckham is a village in the local government district of Tonbridge and Malling in Kent, England.	West Peckham	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyyed Yusef (Persian: سيديوسف‎, also Romanized as Seyyed Yūsef and Seyyed Yūsof; also known as Seyyed Yūsol) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Seyyed Yusef	Mosharrahat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nallathur (Tamil: நல்லாத்தூர்) is a village in Cuddalore district in state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Nallathur	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Silton is a small village and civil parish in north Dorset, England, situated in the Blackmore Vale 4 miles (6.4 km) northwest of Gillingham.	Silton	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shadow Valley is a north to northwest flowing drainage within the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County, California.	Shadow Valley	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holy Child Church is a historic church off I-40 in Tijeras, New Mexico.	Holy Child Church	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sobotín (German: Zöptau) is a village and municipality (obec) in Šumperk District in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic.	Sobotín	Šumperk District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pratulin (praˈtulʲin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokitno, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Pratulin	Gmina Rokitno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dadagolab (Persian: داداگلاب‎, also Romanized as Dādāgolāb) is a village in Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Dadagolab	Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sainte-Dévote Chapel (French: Chapelle Sainte Dévote) is a Roman Catholic chapel dedicated to Saint Devota, the patron saint of Monaco.	Sainte-Dévote Chapel	Monaco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Boryszewo (ˈstarɛ bɔrɨˈʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stare Boryszewo	Gmina Radzanowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lemah Mountain is a mountain peak in the Snoqualmie Crest, a part of the North Cascades Mountains, of the Washington state.	Lemah Mountain	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horsehead Crossing is a ford on the Pecos River in Crane County, southeast of Odessa, Texas.	Horsehead Crossing	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William Bland House near Glendale, Kentucky was built in 1850 by builder John Y. Hill.	William Bland House	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 39 Converse Street in Wakefield, Massachusetts is a well preserved Queen Anne Victorian house.	House at 39 Converse Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonarg (Persian: بنرگ‎, also Romanized as Bonrak and Bownark; also known as Būnzak) is a village in Nimbeluk Rural District, Nimbeluk District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bonarg	Nimbeluk District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gomole (ɡɔˈmɔlɛ) is a settlement in Gmina Miastko, Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gomole	Gmina Miastko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gołostowice (ɡɔwɔstɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Golschau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kondratowice, within Strzelin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Gołostowice	Gmina Kondratowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Venice Branch is a former branch library of the Los Angeles Public Library located in the Venice section of Los Angeles, California.	Venice Branch	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	WIMM-LP (107.9 FM) is a Catholic Religious radio station licensed to Owensboro, Kentucky, USA.	WIMM-LP	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goldfield Airport (FAA LID: 0L5) was a county owned, public use airport located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) north of the central business district of Goldfield, the county seat of Esmeralda County, Nevada, United States.	Goldfield Airport	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cleveland Law Range is a historic office building located at Spartanburg, Spartanburg County, South Carolina.	Cleveland Law Range	Spartanburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mainstone is a small village and civil parish in southwest Shropshire, England, near the border with Powys, Wales.	Mainstone	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museo de Arte Moderno or Museum of Modern Art is located in Chapultepec Park, Mexico City, Mexico.	Museo de Arte Moderno	Chapultepec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puchacze (puˈxat͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Puchacze	Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kujaty (kuˈjatɨ) (kashubian: Kùjôtë) is a Kashubian village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kujaty	Gmina Sierakowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Datow Naseri (Persian: دتوناصري‎, also Romanized as Datow Nāşerī) is a village in Siyahu Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Datow Naseri	Siyahu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ustrzesz (ˈustʂɛʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzyń Podlaski, within Radzyń Podlaski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Ustrzesz	Gmina Radzyń Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czażów (ˈt͡ʂaʐuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waśniów, within Ostrowiec County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Czażów	Gmina Waśniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gniadki (ˈɡɲatki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gniadki	Gmina Janowiec Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalus-e Olya (Persian: كالوس عليا‎, also Romanized as Kālūs-e ``Olyā; also known as Sar Dasht-e Kālūs) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kalus-e Olya	Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przybychowo (pʂɨbɨˈxɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połajewo, within Czarnków-Trzcianka County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Przybychowo	Gmina Połajewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khan Verdi (Persian: خانوردي‎, also Romanized as Khān Verdī) is a village in Zhan Rural District, in the Central District of Dorud County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Khan Verdi	Zhan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thornley-with-Wheatley is a civil parish in the Borough of Ribble Valley, Lancashire, England.	Thornley-with-Wheatley	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qorovul (Uzbek: Qorovul) is a village and seat of Urganch District in Xorazm Region in Uzbekistan.	Qorovul	Urganch District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Montauk Building - also referred to as Montauk Block - was a high-rise building in Chicago, Illinois.	Montauk Building	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tappasakatti (Kannada ತಪ್ಪಸಕಟ್ಟಿ) is a village in Bagalkot district in Karnataka.	Tappasakatti	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Albion Collegiate Institute (abbreviated as North Albion CI, NACI or North Albion) is a high school in the Etobicoke area of the city of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	North Albion Collegiate Institute	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James B. Barnes House is an historic house located at 109 Hampshire Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts, in the Wellington-Harrington neighborhood.	James B. Barnes House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emsworth is a small town in Hampshire on the south coast of England, near the border of West Sussex.	Emsworth	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masjidi Hazrati Abu Bakr Siddique is a mosque in Flushing, Queens, New York, United States.	Hazrati Abu Bakr Siddique	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Widełka (viˈdɛu̯ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolbuszowa, within Kolbuszowa County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Widełka	Gmina Kolbuszowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	WMIN (1010 AM, ``Uptown 1010'') is a radio station licensed to serve Sauk Rapids, Minnesota, USA.	WMIN	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cambourne is a new settlement and civil parish in Cambridgeshire, England, in the district of South Cambridgeshire.	Cambourne	South Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Michael at the North Gate is a church in Cornmarket Street, at the junction with Ship Street, in central Oxford, England.	St Michael at the North Gate	Oxford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blubber Bay is an unincorporated settlement on the northern end of Texada Island at the bay of the same name in the northern Gulf of Georgia on the South Coast of British Columbia, Canada.	Blubber Bay	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dartmouth Street tram stop is a tram stop in West Bromwich, Sandwell, England.	Dartmouth Street tram stop	West Bromwich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quzhdabad (Persian: قوژداباد‎, also Romanized as Qūzhdābād) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District Rural District, Shahrabad District, Bardaskan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Quzhdabad	Jolgeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kańkowo (kaɲˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małkinia Górna, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kańkowo	Gmina Małkinia Górna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poschiavo (Italian: Poschiavo, Lombard: Pusciaaf, German: Puschlav, Romansh: Puschlav) is a municipality in the district of Bernina in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.	Poschiavo	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cividino (Siidì in bergamasque is part of the Castelli Calepio community, in the Province of Bergamo. It has nearly 4000 inhabitants.	Cividino	Castelli Calepio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hotel Fauchere and Annex is a historic hotel located at Milford, Pike County, Pennsylvania.	Hotel Fauchere and Annex	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kibithu (Hindi:किबिथु ) is a town in Arunachal Pradesh in Anjaw district.	Kibithu	Arunachal Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karekatte(Kannada: ಕರೇಕಟ್ಟೆ) is a village in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Karekatte	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sutki (ˈsutki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Sutki	Gmina Tomaszów Lubelski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiśniewka (viɕˈɲefka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępólno Krajeńskie, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Wiśniewka	Gmina Sępólno Krajeńskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Igryły (iˈɡrɨwɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Igryły	Gmina Sokółka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darmian County (Persian: شهرستان درمیان‎) is a county in South Khorasan Province in Iran.	Darmian County	South Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Meade National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located near the city of Sturgis in Meade County, South Dakota.	Fort Meade National Cemetery	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grant Community High School was established in 1930 and is a public high school located in Fox Lake, Illinois, United States.	Grant Community High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niederschöneweide (Lower Schöneweide) is a German locality (Ortsteil) within the Berlin borough (Bezirk) of Treptow-Köpenick.	Niederschöneweide	Treptow-Köpenick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Macquarie was a square castellated battlement fort built at Bennelong Point, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia, where the Sydney Opera House now stands.	Fort Macquarie	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Union Monument in Vanceburg in Lewis County, Kentucky, in Vanceburg, Kentucky, commemorates the Union soldiers of the American Civil War.	Union Monument in Vanceburg	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Chanag (Persian: چاه چنگ‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Chanag) is a village in Dokuheh Rural District, Seh Qaleh District, Sarayan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Chanag	Dokuheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Supreme Court Library Building, now known as Greenbrier County Library and Museum, is a historic library building located at Lewisburg, Greenbrier County, West Virginia.	Supreme Court Library Building	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bourland Field (FAA LID: 50F) is a public airport located seventeen miles (27.4 km) southwest of the central business district (CBD) of Fort Worth, in Parker County, Texas, USA.	Bourland Field	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spanish Springs High School is a public secondary school in Sparks, Nevada, part of the Washoe County School District; it is one of only three public high schools within the city of Sparks.	Spanish Springs High School	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brookewood School is a private independent day school for girls located in Kensington, Maryland.	Brookewood School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darżyno (darˈʐɨnɔ) (German Darsin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potęgowo, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Darżyno	Gmina Potęgowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farthingstone is a village in the district of Daventry in the county of Northamptonshire in England.	Farthingstone	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located in Indianapolis, Indiana, The Chris Gonzalez Library and Archives is a circulating LGBT libraries in the Midwest.	Chris Gonzalez Library and Archives	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grider Field (IATA: PBF, ICAO: KPBF, FAA LID: PBF) is a city-owned, public-use airport located four nautical miles (7 km) southeast of the central business district of Pine Bluff, a city in Jefferson County, Arkansas, United States.	Grider Field	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hundvin Church (Norwegian: Hundvin kyrkje) is a parish church in Lindås municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Hundvin Church	Lindås
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Rezai (Persian: چاه رضائي‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Rez̤ā'ī) is a village in Yunesi Rural District, Yunesi District, Bajestan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Rezai	Yunesi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siemysłów (ɕeˈmɨswuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaszowice, within Namysłów County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Siemysłów	Gmina Domaszowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mainz Römisches Theater station is a station in the city of Mainz, the capital of the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate on the Main Railway from Mainz to Frankfurt am Main.	Mainz Römisches Theater station	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northwest Bay (or Roncière Bay) is a natural bay off the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Northwest Bay	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Skagit River (/ˈskædʒɨt/ SKAJ-it) is a river in southwestern British Columbia in Canada and northwestern Washington in the United States, approximately 150 mi (240 km) long.	Skagit River	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gimnasio USBI is an indoor arena that is located in Xalapa, Veracruz, Mexico.	Gimnasio USBI	Xalapa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Windham Mountain is a ski resort located in the town of Windham, New York, in the northern section of the Catskill Mountains, approximately 3 hours north of New York City .	Windham Mountain	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Lutz Elementary School (also known as the Old Lutz Schoolhouse) is a historic school in Lutz, Florida.	Old Lutz Elementary School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRAV-FM (96.5 FM), known as ``Mix 96 - Today's Best Music'', is a radio station in Tulsa, Oklahoma, owned by Cox Radio.	KRAV-FM	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Xbox 360 Lounge was a venue in Aoyama, Tokyo, close to the upscale Omotesandō, Tokyo shopping area.	Xbox 360 Lounge	Aoyama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Breuil-Cervinia (in Italian: Breuil-Cervinia; in French and in Valdôtain: Breuil) is an alpine resort in the Aosta Valley region of northwest Italy.	Breuil-Cervinia	Aosta Valley
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hintere Bachofenspitze in the Karwendel mountains of Tyrol is 2,668 metres (8,753 ft) high and forms the northernmost point of the parish of Thaur in the Inn Valley.	Hintere Bachofenspitze	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jezfatan-e Olya (Persian: جزفتن عليا‎, also Romanized as Jezfaţan-e ``Olyā) is a village in Ganjabad Rural District, Esmaili District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 758, in 166 families.	Jezfatan-e Olya	Esmaili District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manaus (Portuguese pronunciation: (mɐˈnaws) or (mɐˈnawʃ)) or Manaós before 1939 or (formerly) Lugar de Barra do Rio Negro, is the capital city of the state of Amazonas in northern Brazil.	Manaus	Amazonas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sąpolnica (sɔmpɔlˈnit͡sa) (German: Zampelhagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Sąpolnica	Gmina Nowogard
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bennett Mountain, also commonly known as Bennett Peak, is a 1,909-foot (582 m) summit in the Sonoma Mountains of California.	Bennett Mountain	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort William Henry Harrison is the Montana National Guard training facility.	Fort William Henry Harrison	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ragtag Cinema is a non-profit independent movie theater located on Hitt Street in Columbia, Missouri.	Ragtag Cinema	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torreys Peak is a mountain in the Front Range region of the Rocky Mountains in Colorado.	Torreys Peak	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mogh Kenar (Persian: مغ كنار‎, also Romanized as Mogh Kenār) is a village in Byaban Rural District, Byaban District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Mogh Kenar	Byaban Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karezan Rural District (Persian: دهستان كارزان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Karezan District, Sirvan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Karezan Rural District	Ilam Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chełm used to be the capital of the Chełm Voivodeship until it became part of the Lublin Voivodeship in 1999.	Chełm	Lublin Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zorrotzaurre (Spanish: Zorrozaurre) is an artificial peninsula located within the Deusto district of Bilbao, Spain.	Zorrotzaurre	Deusto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zoveng (Khuga Tampak) is one of the oldest town ward within Lamka or Churachandpur district of Indian state of Manipur.	Zoveng	Churachandpur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musée des Plans-Reliefs is a museum of military models located within the Hôtel des Invalides in the 7th arrondissement of Paris, France.	Musée des Plans-Reliefs	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	São Bento do Sapucaí is a Brazilian municipality in São Paulo state.	São Bento do Sapucaí	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xiuzhou District (Chinese: 秀洲区; Pinyin: Xiùzhōu Qū) is a district in Jiaxing, Zhejiang, China.	Xiuzhou District	Jiaxing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bakkefean (West Frisian name), or Bakkeveen (Dutch name), is a village of about 2000 inhabitants in the municipality of Opsterland in eastern Friesland (Fryslân) in the Netherlands.	Bakkeveen	Opsterland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shaghap (Armenian: Շաղափ, also Romanized as Shagap'', Shagap, and Shagab; formerly, Shagaplu) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.	Shaghap	Ararat Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ritchie Mill is also significant because of its association with industrial and agricultural development in an urban setting and with the development of the Strathcona community, one of Edmonton's oldest settled neighborhoods, dating from the arrival of the Calgary and Edmonton Railway in 1892, which terminated at the North Saskatchewan River Valley.	Ritchie Mill	Edmonton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bret Harte Union High School is the public high school serving Angel's Camp, California, the only official city in Calaveras County, California.	Bret Harte Union High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The town of Molina de Segura is located in Europe, in the east of the Iberian Peninsula, belonging to the kingdom of Spain, and part of the Region of Murcia.	Molina de Segura	Region of Murcia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darundeh (Persian: درون ده‎, also Romanized as Darūndeh) is a village in Gavkan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Darundeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hudson River Way is a pedestrian bridge that links Broadway in downtown Albany, New York with the Corning Preserve on the bank of the Hudson River.	Hudson River Way	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ekalluk River (variations: Ekalluktok, Ekaluktuuk, Ekaluk) is a river in Kitikmeot Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Ekalluk River	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hood-Anderson Farm is a historic home and farm and national historic district located at Eagle Rock, Wake County, North Carolina, a suburb of the state capital Raleigh.	Hood-Anderson Farm	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montini Catholic High School (often shortened to Montini) is a co-educational, college preparatory, high school, run by the Christian Brothers in Lombard, Illinois.	Montini Catholic High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museo dell'olivo e dell'olio (Olive and oil Museum) is a private museum located in Torgiano (Umbria, Italy) specialized in olive oil and olive culture and knowledge.	Museo dell'olivo e dell'olio	Torgiano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moorabbin Oval, also known by its sponsorship name of Linen House Oval, is an Australian Rules Football ground in the city of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia at Linton Street in the suburb of Moorabbin.	Moorabbin Oval	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toadstool Geologic Park is located in the Oglala National Grassland in far northwestern Nebraska.	Toadstool Geologic Park	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Do Alkuh (Persian: دوال كوه‎, also Romanized as Do Ālkūh) is a village in Aliyan Rural District, Sardar-e Jangal District, Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Do Alkuh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gurnee Mills is an indoor mall, established in Gurnee, Illinois, a village west of Waukegan, Illinois.	Gurnee Mills	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Queen Elizabeth II Wildlands Provincial Park is a provincial park in south-central Ontario, between Gravenhurst and Minden.	Queen Elizabeth II Wildlands Provincial Park	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aquagrill is a seafood restaurant located at 210 Spring Street (on the corner of Sixth Avenue), in SoHo in Manhattan, in New York City.	Aquagrill	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Auburn Hospital is a hospital in Cambridge, Massachusetts, affiliated with Harvard Medical School.	Mount Auburn Hospital	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radville Airport, (TC LID: CKF2), is located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) east of Radville, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Radville Airport	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Kanigowska (ˈvɔla kaniˈɡɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Kanigowska	Gmina Strzegowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Kern State Prison (NKSP) is a medium-security prison located in Delano, Kern County, California.	North Kern State Prison	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Windsor Forge Mansion, also known as Windsor Place, is a historic home and national historic district located at Caernarvon Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.	Windsor Forge Mansion	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Most of the mountain is included within the boundaries of the Mount Alexander Regional Park managed by Parks Victoria.	Mount Alexander	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brierly Brook (Allt a'' Bhrierlidh) is a community in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, located in Antigonish County.	Brierly Brook	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kureh Zar (Persian: كوره زار‎, also Romanized as Kūreh Zār; also known as Kūreh Dar) is a village in Enaj Rural District, Qareh Chay District, Khondab County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Kureh Zar	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herkimer County Community College is a two-year community college in the Village of Herkimer in Herkimer County, New York, USA.	Herkimer County Community College	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The J. William & Mary Diederich College of Communication (or simply Diederich College of Communication) is one of the primary colleges at Marquette University, located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.	Diederich College of Communication	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fara Novarese is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Novara in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) northeast of Turin and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) northwest of Novara.	Fara Novarese	Province of Novara
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Gałęzowska-Kolonia (ˈvɔla ɡawɛ̃ˈzɔfska kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bychawa, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wola Gałęzowska-Kolonia	Gmina Bychawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fairmont Château Laurier is a 660,000-square-foot hotel with 429 guest rooms in downtown Ottawa, Ontario, located near the intersection of Rideau Street and Sussex Drive and designed in the French Gothic Châteauesque style to complement the adjacent Parliament buildings.	Château Laurier	Ottawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brea Mall is a shopping mall located in the Orange County city of Brea, California.	Brea Mall	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blackburn Lake Sanctuary is an excellent example of regenerated and remnant bushland in suburban Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Blackburn Lake Sanctuary	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilczogęby (vilt͡ʂɔˈɡɛmbɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wilczogęby	Gmina Sadowne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Minnehaha Academy (often abbreviated MA) is a Christian private school in Minneapolis, Minnesota for students in preschool through 12th grade, and established in 1913.	Minnehaha Academy	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Doub Farm is a historic home and farm located at Keedysville, Washington County, Maryland, United States.	Doub Farm	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Potawatomi Conservatories (also called the South Bend Conservatories) is a set of three indoor conservatories and botanical gardens in South Bend, Indiana, in the United States:	Potawatomi Conservatories	South Bend	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Atlantic City Country Club is a golf club located in Northfield, New Jersey, 6 miles (10 km) west of Atlantic City.	Atlantic City Country Club	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	834 Fifth Avenue is a luxury residential housing cooperative in the Upper East Side of Manhattan, New York City.	834 Fifth Avenue	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penycae is a village and a local government community, the lowest tier of local government, part of Wrexham County Borough in Wales The population of the community taken at the 2011 census was 3,389.	Penycae	Wrexham County Borough
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qusheh Gonbad (Persian: قوشه گنبد‎, also Romanized as Qūsheh Gonbad) is a village in Abarghan Rural District, in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qusheh Gonbad	Abarghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adventure Con was a for-profit media expo with a science fiction and comic theme held annually in Knoxville, Tennessee.	Adventure Con	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang Do (Persian: تنگ دو‎) is a village in Mazu Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tang Do	Mazu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	JW Marriott Las Vegas Resort and Spa is a luxury hotel in Summerlin, Nevada, near Las Vegas.	JW Marriott Las Vegas	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monitor Pass (el. 8,314 ft / 2,534 m) is a high mountain pass in California in the Sierra Nevada southeast of Lake Tahoe.	Monitor Pass	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rzepin Pierwszy (ˈʐɛpin ˈpjɛrfʂɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Rzepin Pierwszy	Gmina Pawłów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alice Ho Miu Ling Nethersole Hospital (Chinese: 雅麗氏何妙齡那打素醫院) is an acute general hospital managed under the New Territories East Cluster of the Hospital Authority in Hong Kong.	Alice Ho Miu Ling Nethersole Hospital	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mary McLeod Bethune Home (also known as the Mary McLeod Bethune Foundation) is a historic home in Daytona Beach, Florida.	Mary McLeod Bethune Home	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brtnička (Czech pronunciation: (ˈbr̩tɲɪtʃka)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Brtnička	Jihlava District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chiltern-Mt Pilot National Park is a national park that is located in the Hume region of Victoria, Australia.	Chiltern-Mt Pilot National Park	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chinggis Square (Mongolian: Чингисийн талбай, pronounced Chinggisiin Talbai), formally Grand Chinggis Khaan Square, and previously known as Sükhbaatar Square (Mongolian: Сүхбаатарын талбай, pronounced Sükhbaatariin Talbai), is the central square of Mongolia's capital Ulaanbaatar.	Chinggis Square	Ulaanbaatar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaz Bashi (Persian: گزباشي‎, also Romanized as Gaz Bāshī and Gezbāshī; also known as Yūz Bāshī and Gazbāshī-ye Soflá) is a village in Jeyransu Rural District, in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gaz Bashi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panoche Valley Solar Farm is a proposed 399 megawatt (MW), utility-scale solar photovoltaic power station originally proposed by Solargen Energy in the Panoche Valley of Central California's San Benito County.	Panoche Valley Solar Farm	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szyjki Stare (ˈʂɨi̯ki ˈstarɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Szyjki Stare	Gmina Glinojeck
located in the administrative territorial entity	Union Christian Church is a historic Church located in Plymouth Notch, Vermont.	Union Christian Church	Plymouth Notch, Vermont
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luffield Abbey is a place in the very north of Buckinghamshire, England.	Luffield Abbey	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sedrup (formerly Southwarp or Southcote) is a hamlet in Buckinghamshire, England.	Sedrup	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paresh Kuh (Persian: پرشكوه‎, also Romanized as Paresh Kūh and Porshokooh) is a village in Moridan Rural District, Kumeleh District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Paresh Kuh	Moridan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fort of Justices (officially Fort Pajol, French: Fort des Justices) was built in the 1860s or early 1870s located in Montrapon-Fontaine-Écu, Besançon, Franche-Comté.	Fort of Justices	Besançon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mae O (Thai: แม่อ้อ) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Phan District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Mae O	Phan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sigajny (ɕiˈɡai̯nɨ) (German: Saagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Sigajny	Gmina Górowo Iławeckie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Larrabee's Brick Block is a historic commercial and residential building at 500-504 Main Street in Melrose, Massachusetts.	Larrabee's Brick Block	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edward Harden Mansion, also known as Broad Oaks, is a historic home located on North Broadway (U.S. Route 9) in Sleepy Hollow, New York, United States, on the boundary between it and neighboring Tarrytown.	Edward Harden Mansion	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kyamdi is a village located near Jalaun in Uttar Pradesh.	Kyamdi	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budoni (Gallurese: Budùni, Sardinian: Budùne) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Olbia-Tempio in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 170 kilometres (110 mi) northeast of Cagliari and about 30 kilometres (19 mi) southeast of Olbia.	Budoni	Province of Olbia-Tempio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jackson Homestead, located at 527 Washington Street, in the village of Newton Corner, in Newton, Massachusetts, is an historic house that served as a station on the Underground Railroad before the Civil War.	Jackson Homestead	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Delegation of the Ismaili Imamat in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, a building of the Aga Khan Foundation Canada located between the Saudi Arabian embassy and the Lester B. Pearson Building on Sussex Drive.	Delegation of the Ismaili Imamat	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Staple Bend Tunnel, about 4 miles (6.4 km) east of Johnstown, Pennsylvania, in a town called Mineral Point, was constructed between 1831 and 1834 for the Allegheny Portage Railroad.	Staple Bend Tunnel	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubień Górny (ˈlubjɛɲ ˈɡurnɨ) (German: Obernhagen) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Resko, within Łobez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Lubień Górny	Gmina Resko
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Greenhouse Site (16 AV 2) is an archaeological site of the Troyville-Coles Creek culture (400 to 1000 CE) in Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana.	Greenhouse Site	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nomreh-ye Yek (Persian: نمره يك‎, also Romanized as Nomreh Yek) is a village in Gazin Rural District, Raghiveh District, Haftgel County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Nomreh-ye Yek	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heritage Park Historical Village is a historical park located in Calgary, Alberta.	Heritage Park Historical Village	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The LeRoy Public Library is the public library in Le Roy, Minnesota, United States.	LeRoy Public Library	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Omak Rock, also known as Balance Rock, is a balancing rock in the Colville Indian Reservation, in the U.S. state of Washington.	Omak Rock	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sujaul is a village in Bangladesh, located in Dakshin Shahabajpur Union, Barlekha Upazila, Maulvibazar District.	Sujaul	Barlekha Upazila
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Anjireh (Persian: قشلاق انجير‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Anjīreh; also known as Anjīreh) is a village in Tasuj Rural District, in the Central District of Kavar County, Fars Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Anjireh	Tasuj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cape Wickham Lighthouse is a lighthouse situated at Cape Wickham on King Island, Tasmania.	Cape Wickham Lighthouse	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dumak Rural District (Persian: دهستان دومک‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Nosratabad District, Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Dumak Rural District	Nosratabad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The name Bullers of Buchan refers both to a collapsed sea cave and to the adjacent village, situated about 6 miles (9.7 km) south of Peterhead in Buchan, Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Bullers of Buchan	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khak-e Pir-e Zan (Persian: خاكپيرزن‎, also Romanized as Khāk-e Pīr-e Zan) is a village in Zarrin Gol Rural District, in the Central District of Aliabad County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Khak-e Pir-e Zan	Zarrin Gol Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leszczewek (lɛʂˈt͡ʂɛvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Leszczewek	Gmina Suwałki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seltz (German: Selz) is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department of the Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine region in north-eastern France.	Seltz	Bas-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Big Cypress Indian Reservation is one of the six reservations of the Seminole Tribe of Florida.	Big Cypress Indian Reservation	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golborne (go:(l)bə:n) is a town within the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan, in Greater Manchester, England.	Golborne	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Minver (Cornish: Sen Menvra) is the name of an ecclesiastical parish, a civil parish and a village in north Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	St Minver	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alizava is a town in Panevėžys County, in central-eastern Lithuania.	Alizava	Panevėžys County
located in the administrative territorial entity	WMSP (740 AM, ``Sports Radio 740'') is a radio station licensed to serve Montgomery, Alabama, USA.	WMSP	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southbank International School is a mixed independent school located in the City of Westminster, Kensington and Hampstead, London, England.	Southbank International School	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	White Mountain Mall is a shopping mall located in Rock Springs, Wyoming owned and managed by Rouse Properties, one of the largest mall owners in the United States.	White Mountain Mall	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Unteraargau is the lower watershed of the Aar River in the Swiss canton of Aargau.	Unteraargau	Aargau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berthyfedwen is a small village in the community of Llandyfriog, Ceredigion, Wales, which is 65.8 miles (105.9 km) from Cardiff and 187.1 miles (301 km) from London.	Berthyfedwen	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	WGAU (1340 AM, ``News-Talk 1340'') is a radio station licensed to serve Athens, Georgia, United States, that broadcasts a News/Talk format.	WGAU	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	KBTE, (104.9 FM), known as ``104.9 The Beat'', is an Urban Contemporary formatted radio station owned by Alpha Media of Lubbock, Texas.	KBTE	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalang Arena (Chinese: 大朗体育馆; pinyin: Dàlǎng Tǐyùguǎn) is an indoor sporting arena located in Dalang, Dongguan, Guangdong, China.	Dalang Arena	Dalang, Dongguan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Anita Canyon is a canyon in the San Gabriel Mountains, within the Angeles National Forest in Los Angeles County, California.	Santa Anita Canyon	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zagaje Smrokowskie (zaˈɡajɛ smrɔˈkɔfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słomniki, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Zagaje Smrokowskie	Gmina Słomniki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fondren Library is the main library of Rice University in Houston, Texas.	Fondren Library	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Times-Shamrock Communications is an American media company based in Scranton, Pennsylvania.	Times-Shamrock Communications	Scranton
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kramer Hills are a small range of hills in the Mojave Desert, in northwestern San Bernardino County, southern California.	Kramer Hills	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ranch to Market Road 169, Ranch Road 169, or RM 169 is a Ranch to Market Road in the U.S. state of Texas located entirely within Presidio County and maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT).	Ranch to Market Road 169	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shore Front Parkway is a two-lane beachfront road paralleling the boardwalk in Rockaway Beach in the New York City borough of Queens, running between Beach 73rd Street and Beach 108th Street.	Shore Front Parkway	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grundmann Studios (1893-1917) in Boston, Massachusetts, was a building on Clarendon Street in the Back Bay.	Grundmann Studios	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Russian Wilderness is a wilderness area of 12,000 acres (49 km2) located approximately 65 miles (105 km) northeast of Eureka in northern California.	Russian Wilderness	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siah Dasht-e Sofla (Persian: سياه دشت سفلي‎, also Romanized as Sīāh Dasht-e Soflá; also knonwn as Sīāh Dasht-e Pā’īn) is a village in Farim Rural District, Dodangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Siah Dasht-e Sofla	Farim Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Itaubal is a municipality located in the southeast of the state of Amapá in Brazil.	Itaubal	Amapá
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamilton Parish (originally Bedford Parish) is one of the nine parishes of Bermuda.	Hamilton Parish	Bermuda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chrissiesmeer (Lake Chrissie) is a small town situated in Msukaligwa Local Municipality, in a wetland area of Mpumalanga province in South Africa, on the northern banks of the eponymous Lake Chrissie.	Chrissiesmeer	Msukaligwa Local Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	WALV-FM (105.1 FM) is known as ``105.1 ESPN Chattanooga'' and is a radio station serving Chattanooga, Tennessee.	WALV-FM	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parwółki (parˈvuu̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gietrzwałd, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Parwółki	Gmina Gietrzwałd
located in the administrative territorial entity	Craigholme School is an independent all-girls school situated in the Pollokshields area of the South Side of Glasgow, Scotland.	Craigholme School	Glasgow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chifeng (Chinese: 赤峰市), also known as Ulanhad (Mongolian: ᠤᠯᠠᠭᠠᠨᠬᠠᠳᠠ ᠬᠣᠲᠠ (Улаанхад хот) Ulaɣanqada qota (ʊlaːnxad xɔt), ``red cliff''), is a prefecture-level city in southeastern Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China.	Chifeng	Inner Mongolia
located in the administrative territorial entity	McLennan Reservation is a nature reserve located in Otis and Tyringham, Massachusetts.	McLennan Reservation	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crafts Street City Stable is an historic redbrick public works building located at 90 Crafts Street near Ashmont Avenue in Newton, Massachusetts.	Crafts Street City Stable	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parówki (paˈrufki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Parówki	Gmina Strzegowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	DeGray Lake Resort State Park is a 984-acre (398 ha) Arkansas state park in Clark and Hot Spring counties, Arkansas in the United States.	DeGray Lake Resort State Park	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łękanów (wɛnˈkanuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niechlów, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Łękanów	Gmina Niechlów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mushleh (Persian: موشله‎, also Romanized as Mūshleh, Mīshella, Mīshleh, Mooshleh, and Mūsheleh) is a village in Khomeh Rural District, in the Central District of Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Mushleh	Khomeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marqad (Persian: مرقد‎‎; also known as Marqad-e Sūrīn) is a village in Buin Rural District, Nanur District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Marqad	Buin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fingrowa Huta (finˈɡrɔva ˈxuta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Fingrowa Huta	Gmina Kościerzyna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harbor Oaks Residential District (also known as Harbor Oaks Subdivision) is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on March 15, 1988) located in Clearwater, Florida.	Harbor Oaks Residential District	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fahalanj (Persian: فهالنج‎, also Romanized as Fahālanj and Fahālonj; also known as Fehlunj) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District, in the Central District of Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Fahalanj	South Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tzistarakis Mosque (Greek: Τζαμί Τζισταράκη) is an Ottoman mosque, built in 1759, in Monastiraki Square, central Athens, Greece.	Tzistarakis Mosque	Athens
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shuru Vazireh (Persian: شورووزيره‎, also Romanized as Shūrū Vazīreh) is a village in Rizab Rural District, Qatruyeh District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shuru Vazireh	Rizab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oikos University is a private post-secondary Korean Christian university in Oakland, California.	Oikos University	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riehen (Swiss German: Rieche) is a municipality in the canton of Basel-Stadt in Switzerland.	Riehen	Basel-Stadt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pertunmaa is a municipality of Finland located in the province of Eastern Finland which is part of the Southern Savonia region.	Pertunmaa	Southern Savonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chemung Speedrome is a 3/8 mile Asphalt race track in Chemung, New York, USA.	Chemung Speedrome	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harquahala Mountains are the highest mountain range in southwestern Arizona, United States and are located southwest of the towns of Aguila and Wenden.	Harquahala Mountains	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brush Hill Historic District is a residential historic district along Brush Hill Road in Milton, Massachusetts.	Brush Hill Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pollok (Scottish Gaelic: Pollag ``Pitpow'' meaning a pool) is a large housing estate on the south-western side of the city of Glasgow, Scotland.	Pollok	Glasgow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hiram's Highway (traditional Chinese: 西貢公路; simplified Chinese: 西贡公路; pinyin: Xīgòng Gōnglù; Cantonese Yale: sai1 gung3 gung1 lou6) is a road in Hong Kong.	Hiram's Highway	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lichterman Nature Center, a certified arboretum and nature center, is located in East Memphis, Tennessee.	Lichterman Nature Center	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bobino-Grzybki (bɔˈbinɔ ˈɡʐɨpki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoniawy-Bramura, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bobino-Grzybki	Gmina Płoniawy-Bramura
located in the administrative territorial entity	QV.1 is a 40-storey modernist skyscraper in Perth, Western Australia.	QV.1	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Hancock is a primarily residential neighbourhood in Hancock, Michigan, though it also includes the easternmost block of Quincy Street, the main street of Hancock's downtown.	East Hancock	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammadabad-e Kharzeh (Persian: محمد آباد خرزه‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Kharzeh; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Yeylan-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Dehgolan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Mohammadabad-e Kharzeh	Yeylan-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nathan Eckstein Middle School (originally Nathan Eckstein Junior High School) is located in Seattle, Washington and is part of the Seattle Public Schools.	Nathan Eckstein Middle School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Davud (Persian: ده داود‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Dāvūd; also known as Deh Dāūd and Deh Dāvod) is a village in Hendudur Rural District, Sarband District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Deh-e Davud	Hendudur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fairground Park is a municipal park in St. Louis, Missouri, that opened in 1908.	Fairground Park	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vitkovo (Serbian: Витково) is a village in the municipality of Aleksandrovac, Serbia.	Vitkovo	Aleksandrovac
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plaquemine Lock State Historic Site, located in Plaquemine, Louisiana, commemorates an early example of hydraulic engineering design and the historic significance of Bayou Plaquemine, an important navigable waterway that was once a distributary of the Mississippi River.	Plaquemine Lock State Historic Site	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Slag Hill is a subglacial volcano associated with the Mount Cayley volcanic field in British Columbia, Canada.	Slag Hill	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cerinza is a town and municipality in the Colombian Department of Boyacá, and part of the Tundama Province subregion.	Cerinza	Tundama Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ransom Water Tower is a former water tower in the LaSalle County, Illinois, village of Ransom.	Ransom Water Tower	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Larwill Park, also known as the Cambie Street Grounds, is a former park and sporting field in what is now downtown Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Larwill Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Akapnou (Greek: Ακαπνού) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus, located 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) east of Eptagoneia.	Akapnou	Limassol District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wickfield Round Barn is a historic structure located near Cantril in rural Van Buren County, Iowa, United States.	Wickfield Round Barn	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahgodar-e Zamkan (Persian: شاه گدارزمكان‎, also Romanized as Shāhgodār-e Zamkān) is a village in Zamkan Rural District, in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Shahgodar-e Zamkan	Zamkan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiaramesh (Persian: كيارمش‎, also Romanized as Kīāramesh) is a village in Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kiaramesh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gmina Bogatynia is an urban-rural gmina (administrative district) in Zgorzelec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, bordering both the Czech Republic and Germany.	Gmina Bogatynia	Zgorzelec County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Florianka (flɔˈrjanka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów, within Biłgoraj County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Florianka	Gmina Józefów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Young Women's Preparatory Academy (YWPA) is a grade 6-12 magnet school for girls, located in the Little Havana neighborhood of Miami, Florida.	Young Women's Preparatory Academy	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cape May Airport or Cape May County Airport (IATA: WWD, ICAO: KWWD, FAA LID: WWD) is a public use airport in Cape May County, New Jersey, United States.	Cape May Airport	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Saginaw Mall was an enclosed shopping mall located in Buena Vista Township, just outside the city of Saginaw, Michigan, United States.	Fort Saginaw Mall	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhiyar is a village located 70 km north of Barmer, Rajasthan, India, on the Ramdevara road.	Bhiyar	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stadion Střelecký ostrov is a football stadium in České Budějovice, Czech Republic, located near the Vltava River.	Stadion Střelecký ostrov	České Budějovice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Przybójewska (ˈvulka pʂɨbuˈjɛfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wólka Przybójewska	Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avishk (Persian: اويشك‎, also Romanized as Āvīshk and Evīshk; also known as Evick) is a village in Qohestan Rural District, Qohestan District, Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Avishk	Qohestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fred F. French Building is a 38-story skyscraper on the northeast corner of 45th Street at 551 Fifth Avenue, Manhattan, New York City.	Fred F. French Building	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oxnard Beach Park is a public beach operated and maintained by the city of Oxnard, California at 1601 South Harbor Boulevard.	Oxnard Beach Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miedniewice-Topola (mjɛdɲɛˈvit͡sɛ tɔˈpɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierniewice, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Miedniewice-Topola	Gmina Skierniewice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llano del Rio was a commune (or ``colony'') located in what is now Llano, California, east of Palmdale in the Antelope Valley, Los Angeles County.	Llano del Rio	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCLH (90.7 FM) is a non-commercial radio station licensed to Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, USA, the station serves the Scranton area.	WCLH	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	NASA John H. Glenn Research Center at Lewis Field is a NASA center, located within the cities of Brook Park, Cleveland, and Fairview Park, Ohio between Cleveland Hopkins International Airport and the Cleveland Metroparks's Rocky River Reservation, with a subsidiary facility in Sandusky, Ohio.	Glenn Research Center	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hawcoat is an area and electoral ward of Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria, England.	Hawcoat	Barrow-in-Furness
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bryszki (ˈbrɨʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozprza, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Bryszki	Gmina Rozprza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pytchley is a village and civil parish in Northamptonshire, England, three miles south-west of Kettering and near the A14 road.	Pytchley	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Almere (Dutch pronunciation: (ɑlˈmeːrə)) is a planned city and municipality in the province of Flevoland, the Netherlands, bordering Lelystad and Zeewolde.	Almere	Flevoland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Military Museum of the Chinese People's Revolution or China People's Revolution Military Museum (Chinese: 中国人民革命军事博物馆; pinyin: Zhōngguó rénmín gémìng jūnshì bówùguǎn) is located in Haidian District, Beijing, China.	Military Museum of the Chinese People's Revolution	Beijing
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Angel, Islington is a historic landmark and a series of buildings that have stood on the corner of Islington High Street and Pentonville Road in Islington, London, England.	The Angel, Islington	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chak Khasa is a village beside the Jhelum River and union council of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.	Chak Khasa	Jhelum District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dasht-e Mowrd-e Ghurak (Persian: دشت موردغورك‎, also Romanized as Dasht-e Mowrd-e Ghūrak; also known as Dasht-e Mowrd) is a village in Babuyi Rural District, Basht District, Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Dasht-e Mowrd-e Ghurak	Babuyi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peter Lougheed Centre (PLC) is a 506,000 square foot hospital in Alberta, Canada.	Peter Lougheed Centre	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farmington Community Library is a public library system in Farmington Hills, Michigan in Greater Detroit.	Farmington Community Library	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kortavij-e Sofla (Persian: كرتويج سفلي‎, also Romanized as Kortavīj-e Soflá; also known as Gortavīch-e Soflá) is a village in Kanduleh Rural District, Dinavar District, Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kortavij-e Sofla	Kanduleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Dorchester High School is a public high school located in North Charleston, South Carolina and is a part of Dorchester School District Two.	Fort Dorchester High School	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Tutchewop is a lake near Kerang in the Mallee region of Victoria in eastern Australia.	Lake Tutchewop	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ootha is a village in the Central West region of New South Wales, Australia.	Ootha	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheraghabad-e Olya (Persian: چراغ ابادعليا‎, also Romanized as Cherāghābād-e ``Olyā) is a village in Yusefvand Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 179, in 33 families.	Cheraghabad-e Olya	Yusefvand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thomas Nelson High School is a public high school located in an unincorporated area of Nelson County, Kentucky that has a Bardstown mailing address.	Thomas Nelson High School	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Temple Sholom (formally Temple Sholom of Chicago) is a Reform Jewish congregation located at 3480 N. Lake Shore Drive in Chicago, Illinois.	Temple Sholom	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	'Vilappuram' is a small place in North-west of Chirakkara Grama Panchayath of Kollam District (Kerala State, India)and 3 km towards south from Chathannoor town.	Vilappuram	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kongsvoll Station (Norwegian: Kongsvoll stasjon) is a railway station located at Kongsvoll in the municipality of Oppdal in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Kongsvoll Station	Oppdal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chilton Trinity is a village and civil parish on the River Parrett, 2 miles (3 km) north of Bridgwater in the Sedgemoor district of Somerset, England.	Chilton Trinity	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hayrabolu (Chariòpolis, Χαριόπολη in Greek) is a town and district of Tekirdağ Province in the Marmara region of Turkey.	Hayrabolu	Tekirdağ Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Sterling State Park is a Colorado State Park located in Logan County north of Sterling, Colorado, Colorado.	North Sterling State Park	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ogle Hall is an historic building in Annapolis, Maryland, Maryland Inventory of Historic Properties Inventory #AA-530.	Ogle Hall	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esbønderup is a parish and small town situated north of Lake Esrum in Gribskov Municipality, North Zealand.	Esbønderup	Gribskov Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Second Tompkins County Courthouse, also known as Old Courthouse, is a historic courthouse located at Ithaca in Tompkins County, New York.	Second Tompkins County Courthouse	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hartford End is a hamlet in the parish of Felsted in the county of Essex, England.	Hartford End	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gościno-Dwór (ɡɔɕˈt͡ɕinɔ ˈdvur) (German: Gut Groß Jestin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościno, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Gościno-Dwór	Gmina Gościno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harmony Times Square (Chinese: 圆融时代广场) is a business complex located in Suzhou Industrial Park, Suzhou, Jiangsu, China, close to the east bank of Jinji Lake.	Harmony Times Square	Suzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toledo Bend Reservoir is a reservoir on the Sabine River between Texas and Louisiana.	Toledo Bend Reservoir	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alaqeh Janban (Persian: علاقه جنبان‎, also Romanized as ʿAlāqeh Janbān) is a village in Sudlaneh Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Alaqeh Janban	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alleh-ye Band-e Qir (Persian: عله بندقير‎, also Romanized as ʿAlleh-ye Band-e Qīr) is a village in Miyan Ab Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Alleh-ye Band-e Qir	Miyan Ab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dillard McCollum High School is a public high school of the Harlandale Independent School District in San Antonio, Texas (USA).	McCollum High School	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calabria (Italian pronunciation: (kaˈlaːbrja); Calàbbria in Calabrian, Calavría in Calabrian Greek, Καλαβρία in Greek, Kalavrì in Arbëresh), known in antiquity as Bruttium or formerly as Italia, is a region in Southern Italy, forming the ``toe'' of the Italian Peninsula.	Calabria	Italy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Withrow High School (formerly East Side High School) is a public high school located on the east side of Cincinnati, Ohio.	Withrow High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahirud (Persian: ماهي رود‎, also Romanized as Māhīrūd, Mahi Rood; also known as Mahrūd and Māhrūd) is a village in Doreh Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mahirud	Doreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emory University's Goizueta Business School (also known as Goizueta Business School, Emory Business School, or simply Goizueta -- pronounced goy-swet-ah) is the private business school of Emory University located in Atlanta, Georgia, USA.	Goizueta Business School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bulge is a mountain located in Coos County, New Hampshire.	The Bulge	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pilawy (piˈlavɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Pilawy	Gmina Sadkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tabarak-e Sofla (Persian: تبرك سفلي‎, also Romanized as Ţabarak-e Soflá) is a village in Bazoft Rural District, Bazoft District, Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Tabarak-e Sofla	Bazoft Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ishku-ye Bala (Persian: ايشكوبالا‎, also Romanized as Īshku-ye Bālā; also known as Ayshakhku, Bālā Īshkūh, Īshekūh, Īshkuh-e Bālā, and Īshkūh) is a village in Deylaman Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Ishku-ye Bala	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tentha is famous for the production of fish in Thoubal district.	Tentha	Thoubal district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hammerbrook is a quarter (Stadtteil) in the Hamburg-Mitte borough of the Free and Hanseatic city of Hamburg in Germany.	Hammerbrook	Hamburg-Mitte
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marynino (marɨˈninɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serock, within Legionowo County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Marynino	Gmina Serock
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Agana Historic District in Hagåtña (formerly Agana), Guam is a 2-acre (0.81 ha) historic district that was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1985.	Agana Historic District	Hagåtña
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nicklin Way (SR6) is a major road in Sunshine Coast, Queensland.	Nicklin Way	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 374 or FM 374 is a two-lane, state-maintained highway in the U.S. state of Texas that connects the farming areas of Cross Plains and Pioneer with State Highway 36 and State Highway 206.	Farm to Market Road 374	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Askar (Persian: ده عسكر‎, also Romanized as Deh ``Askar; also known as Deh-e ``Asgar) is a village in Asfyj Rural District, Asfyj District, Behabad County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 18, in 7 families.	Deh Askar	Asfyj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fish Lake Reservoir, sometimes called Fish Lake Flowage, is a 3,526-acre (14.27 km2) impoundment of the Beaver River, part of the Cloquet and Saint Louis River system, located 20 miles northwest of the city of Duluth, Minnesota.	Fish Lake Reservoir	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	``Adalhat'', now a rising rural market place, was a small village located in Mirzapur district of Uttar Pradesh state in northern India.	Adalhat	Mirzapur district	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Fee is a volcanic peak in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwestern British Columbia, Canada.	Mount Fee	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jind (Hindi: जींद), (Punjabi: ਜੀਂਦ) is a city in Jind District in the Indian state of Haryana.	Jind	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mowlan-e Sofla (Persian: مولان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Mowlān-e Soflá; also known as Sūlān) is a village in Mehmandust Rural District, Kuraim District, Nir County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Mowlan-e Sofla	Mehmandust Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Hajj Aymanlu Mahteman (Persian: قشلاق حاج ايمانلومحتمن‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ḩājj Aymānlū Maḥteman) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Hajj Aymanlu Mahteman	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Staples Inn, now the Old Orchard Beach Inn, is an historic travelers' accommodation at 8 Portland Avenue in Old Orchard Beach, Maine.	Old Orchard Beach Inn	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paul M. Grist State Park is a public recreation area located 17 miles (27 km) north of Selma operated by the government of Dallas County, Alabama.	Paul M. Grist State Park	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bradley Stoke is a new town in South Gloucestershire, England, situated on the north side of the city of Bristol.	Bradley Stoke	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Franklin Pierce University is a small, private, non-profit, regionally accredited university in rural Rindge, New Hampshire, in the United States.	Franklin Pierce University	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nanqiao District is a district of the prefecture-level city of Chuzhou in Anhui Province, China.	Nanqiao District	Chuzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baji Sara (Persian: باجي سرا‎, also Romanized as Bājī Sarā) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Baji Sara	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jackson Avenue Warehouse District is an historic district in the Old City section of Knoxville, Tennessee, USA, listed on the National Register of Historic Places in the 1970s.	Jackson Avenue Warehouse District	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wakefield Country Day School is a co-educational independent elementary, middle and college-preparatory school in Flint Hill, Virginia, USA.	Wakefield Country Day School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bar River Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CNE5), is located 3 nautical miles (5.6 km; 3.5 mi) southwest of Bar River, Ontario, Canada.	Bar River Water Aerodrome	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nipawin is a town located in north-east Saskatchewan, Canada, on the Saskatchewan River portion of Tobin Lake.	Nipawin	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The ``Wreck at the Fat Nancy'' was one of the largest railroad disasters in Virginia's history.	Wreck at the Fat Nancy	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hesar-e Babaganjeh (Persian: حصارباباگنجه‎, also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Bābāganjeh) is a village in Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District, Nazlu District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hesar-e Babaganjeh	Nazlu-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kayaralam is one of the village in Mayyil Gram panchayat in the Kannur District, state of Kerala.	Kayaralam	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torrenova (Sicilian: Turrinova) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily, located about 130 kilometres (81 mi) east of Palermo and about 80 kilometres (50 mi) west of Messina.	Torrenova	Province of Messina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wain's Hill is an univallate Iron Age hill fort situated approximately 1 mile (1.6 km) south-west from the town of Clevedon in the North Somerset district of Somerset, England.	Wain's Hill	Clevedon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allaheh Gurab (Persian: الاله گوراب‎, also Romanized as Ālāleh Gūrāb; also known as Allāh Gūrāb) is a village in Lulaman Rural District, in the Central District of Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Allaheh Gurab	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhaolingpuxi (Chinese: 赵陵铺镇) is a township-level division of Xinhua District, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Zhaolingpuxi	Xinhua District, Shijiazhuang
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Paolo Maggiore is a basilica church in Naples, southern Italy, and the burial place of Gaetano Thiene, known as Saint Cajetan, founder of the Order of Clerics Regular (or Theatines).	San Paolo Maggiore	Naples
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Henry Hudson Parkway is an 11.05-mile (17.78 km) parkway in New York City.	Henry Hudson Parkway	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adams Academy was a school that opened in 1872 in Quincy, Massachusetts, USA.	Adams Academy	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hexham (/ˈhɛksəm/ HEKS-əm) is a market town and civil parish in Northumberland, England, located south of the River Tyne, and was the administrative centre for the Tynedale district from 1974 to 2009.	Hexham	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Candlestick Point State Recreation Area (or simply Candlestick Point) is a state park unit of California, USA, providing an urban protected area on San Francisco Bay.	Candlestick Point State Recreation Area	California	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Beach Malt House is an historical landmark building, located at 445 Francisco Street in San Francisco, California.	North Beach Malt House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nachiapuram is a Nagarathar village located in Sivagangai District in the State of Tamil Nadu in India.	Nachiapuram	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Magic Waters is a Rockford Park District waterpark in Cherry Valley, Winnebago County, Illinois.	Magic Waters	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Babolbam (Persian: باب البام‎, also Romanized as Bābolbām and Bāb ol Bām) is a village in Beyza Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Babolbam	Beyza Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Academy for Youth Leadership (German: Akademie für Jugendführung) was a Hitler Youth (HJ) leadership school in Braunschweig.	Academy for Youth Leadership	Braunschweig
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krutla (ˈkrutla) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Wolsztyn, within Wolsztyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Krutla	Gmina Wolsztyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duderun (Persian: دودرون‎, also Romanized as Dūderūn) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Duderun	Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pine Hills Adventist Academy is a private Seventh Day Adventist K-12 School founded in 1941, Auburn California.	Pine Hills Adventist Academy	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cagliari (English /ˌkæliˈɑːri/, /ˈkæljəri/ or US /kælˈjɑːri/; Italian: (ˈkaʎʎari); Sardinian: Casteddu (kasˈteɖɖu); Latin: Caralis) is an Italian municipality and the capital of the island of Sardinia, an autonomous region of Italy.	Cagliari	Sardinia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bard Kheymeh (Persian: بردخيمه‎, also Romanized as Bard Kheymeh) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bard Kheymeh	Soltanabad Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Los Angeles County Probation Department provides services for those placed on probation within Los Angeles County, California, USA.	Los Angeles County Probation Department	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darkhvor-e Hasanabad (Persian: دارخورحسن اباد‎, also Romanized as Dārkhvor-e Ḩasanābād; also known as Dārkhor-e Ḩasanābād) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Darkhvor-e Hasanabad	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murkhani (Persian: مورخاني‎, also Romanized as Mūrkhānī) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Dishmok District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Murkhani	Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khaleq Verdi (Persian: خالق وردي‎, also Romanized as Khāleq Verdī; also known as Kal Kurdi and Khalegh Verdi) is a village in Mehraban-e Sofla Rural District, Gol Tappeh District, Kabudarahang County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Khaleq Verdi	Mehraban-e Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 44 Temple Street in Reading, Massachusetts is an excellent local example of the Bungalow style of architecture.	House at 44 Temple Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dominican University College (formerly the Dominican College of Philosophy and Theology) is a bilingual Roman Catholic university in Ottawa, Ontario, offering civil and pontifical bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees in philosophy and theology.	Dominican University College	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qanlu Bolagh (Persian: قانلوبلاغ‎, also Romanized as Qānlū Bolāgh) is a village in Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District, Arshaq District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qanlu Bolagh	Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Modrolas (mɔˈdrɔlas) (formerly German Mandelatz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo, within Białogard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Modrolas	Gmina Tychowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Southwest National Park is a 6,182.67-square-kilometre (2,387.14 sq mi) national park located in the south-west of Tasmania, Australia.	Southwest National Park	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Menomonee Valley or Menomonee River Valley is a U-shaped land formation along the southern bend of the Menomonee River in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.	Menomonee Valley	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Magstatt-le-Bas (Alemannic German: Màschgetz; German: Niedermagstatt) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.	Magstatt-le-Bas	Haut-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carrazeda de Ansiães (Portuguese pronunciation: (kɐʁɐˈzeðɐ ðɨ ɐ̃siˈɐ̃jʃ)) is a municipality in the district of Bragança in northern Portugal.	Carrazeda de Ansiães	Bragança
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Lucila is a residential neighborhood of the Vicente López Partido in the northern suburbs of Greater Buenos Aires, Argentina.	La Lucila	Vicente López Partido
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morro da Igreja (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈmoʁu dɐ iˈɡɾeʒɐ) ``Hill of the Church'') is a peak situated in Urubici, a municipality of the Santa Catarina state, in southern Brazil.	Morro da Igreja	Santa Catarina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avoca Airport (FAA LID: 39G) is privately owned by the residents whose property it encompasses, public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) southeast of the central business district of Avoca, in St. Clair County, Michigan, United States.	Avoca Airport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Essex County College (ECC) is an open-door, public two-year college located in Essex County, New Jersey, United States.	Essex County College	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bezmiechowa Górna (bɛzmʲɛˈxɔva ˈɡurna) (Ukrainian: Безмігова Горішня or Бізьмігова Горішня, Bezmihova Horishnia or Biz’mihova Horishnia) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesko, within Lesko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Bezmiechowa Górna	Gmina Lesko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Silo Point, formerly known as the Baltimore and Ohio Locust Point Grain Terminal Elevator, is a high-rise grain elevator on the edge of the Locust Point neighborhood in Baltimore, Maryland.	Silo Point	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chumukedima is a census town and the district headquarters of the Dimapur district, in the state of Nagaland, India.	Chumukedima	Dimapur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	WRFN-LP is a community LPFM non-commercial radio station in Nashville, Tennessee.	WRFN-LP	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bamasi (Persian: بامسي‎, also Romanized as Bāmasī) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bamasi	Sakht Sar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stopki (ˈstɔpki) (German: Stolzenfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Stopki	Gmina Sępopol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Designpanoptikum is a ``surrealist museum of industrial objects'' located in Berlin, Germany.	Designpanoptikum	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nam Phai (Thai: น้ำไผ่) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Nam Pat District, in Uttaradit Province, Thailand.	Nam Phai	Nam Pat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kani Bardeh (Persian: كاني برده ‎, also Romanized as Kānī Bardeh; also known as Ḩoseyn Āvā) is a village in Beygom Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Naqadeh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kani Bardeh	Beygom Qaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ugentse Gewog (Dzongkha: ཨྱོན་རྩེ་) is a gewog (village block) of Samtse District, Bhutan.	Ugentse Gewog	Samtse District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oxnard Oil Field is a large and currently productive oil field in and adjacent to the city of Oxnard, in Ventura County, California in the United States.	Oxnard Oil Field	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shoresh (Hebrew: שורש, שֹׁרֶשׁ, lit. Root) is a moshav shitufi in the Jerusalem Corridor, Israel, under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council.	Shoresh	Mateh Yehuda Regional Council
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fortescue Dave Forrest Airport (IATA: KFE, ICAO: YFDF) is located about 5 km (3.1 mi) northeast of Fortescue Metals Group's Cloud Break mine in Western Australia.	Fortescue Dave Forrest Airport	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jönköping Municipality (Swedish: Jönköpings kommun) is a municipality in Jönköping County, southern Sweden.	Jönköping Municipality	Jönköping County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camusteel (Scottish Gaelic: Camas Teile) is an extremely remote crofting and former fishing village in the Applecross peninsula, located less than 1 mile directly south of Applecross village, on the west coast of Strathcarron, Ross-shire, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.	Camusteel	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monongahela National Forest is a national forest located in the Allegheny Mountains of eastern West Virginia, USA.	Monongahela National Forest	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Großkrotzenburg Power Station (Kraftwerk Staudinger) is a modern coal-fired thermal power station in Großkrotzenburg, Hesse, east of Frankfurt, Germany.	Großkrotzenburg Power Station	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southwest Airlines Flight 1455 was a scheduled passenger flight from McCarran International Airport, Las Vegas, Nevada to Burbank-Glendale-Pasadena Airport, Burbank, California, that overran the runway during landing on March 5, 2000.	Southwest Airlines Flight 1455	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woody Woodpecker's Nuthouse Coaster is an attraction at Universal Studios Florida.	Woody Woodpecker's Nuthouse Coaster	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keyvareh (Persian: كيوره‎; also known as Keyveh) is a village in Hemmatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Keyvareh	Hemmatabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oberstaufen is a municipality in the district of Oberallgäu in Bavarian Swabia, Germany, situated on the B 308 road from Lindau to Immenstadt.	Oberstaufen	Oberallgäu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edgcott is a village and a civil parish in Aylesbury Vale district in Buckinghamshire, England.	Edgcott	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shustoke is a village in the North Warwickshire district of the county of Warwickshire in England.	Shustoke	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahnejat (Persian: اهنجت‎; also known as Ahnehjad) is a village in Anarestan Rural District, Riz District, Jam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Ahnejat	Anarestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Contulmo (Mapudungun: ``place of transit'') is a Chilean town and commune in Arauco Province, Biobío Region.	Contulmo	Arauco Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musée des Arts Forains - Collection Jean-Paul Favand is a private museum of funfair objects located within the Pavillons de Bercy in the 12th arrondissement of Paris at 53, avenue des Terroirs de France, Paris, France, with temporary exhibition space at 64, rue des Pirogues de Bercy.	Musée des Arts Forains	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	S. H. Barnicoat Monuments, S. H. Barnicoat Granite Works, or, more recently, Hancock Monument Co. was a granite workshop at 114 Columbia Street, at the corner of Centre Street, in Quincy, Massachusetts.	S. H. Barnicoat Monuments	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eslamabad-e Kord (Persian: اسلام ابادكرد‎, also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Kord; also known as Eslāmābād, Shāhābād, and Shāhābād-e Kord) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Eslamabad-e Kord	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cumborah is a town in north-western New South Wales, Australia.	Cumborah	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Quill Lakes is a wetland complex in Saskatchewan, Canada that encompasses the endorheic basin of three distinct lake wetlands:	Quill Lakes	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	De Anza High School is a secondary school located in Richmond, California, named after Spanish explorer Juan Bautista de Anza.	De Anza High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gruszka Mała Pierwsza (ˈɡruʂka ˈmawa ˈpjɛrfʂa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nielisz, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Gruszka Mała Pierwsza	Gmina Nielisz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hudul (Persian: هودول‎, also Romanized as Hūdūl; also known as Naz̧arābād) is a village in Virmuni Rural District, in the Central District of Astara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Hudul	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dirman (Persian: ديرمان‎, also Romanized as Dīrmān and Dayermān) is a village in Talang Rural District, Talang District, Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Dirman	Qasr-e Qand County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gunów-Kolonia (ˈɡunuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierza Wielka, within Kazimierza County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Gunów-Kolonia	Gmina Kazimierza Wielka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balberta is located in the municipality of La Democracia in the department of Escuintla, approximately equidistant between the La Gomera and Achiguate rivers flowing down from the Guatemalan Highlands and about 19 kilometres (12 mi) from the coast and 90 kilometres (56 mi) southeast of the contemporary site of Kaminaljuyu.	Balberta	Escuintla
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baloži ( pronunciation ) is a town of Latvia situated in the Ķekava municipality just 12 kilometres from the centre of Riga.	Baloži	Ķekava municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Einsiedlerhaus is a historic building with an adjoint garden which is part of the former town wall of the medieval Swiss town of Rapperswil in the Canton of St. Gallen.	Einsiedlerhaus	Canton of St. Gallen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hooge Mierde is a small town in the municipality of Reusel-De Mierden in the province of North Brabant, the Netherlands.	Hooge Mierde	Reusel-De Mierden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tompkins Street-Main Street Historic District, formerly known as Tompkins Street Historic District, is a historic district in Cortland, New York.	Tompkins Street-Main Street Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budíkovice is a small village in the Czech republic, approximately 4 kilometers north of the town of Třebíč.	Budíkovice	Třebíč
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aš (Czech pronunciation: (aʃ); German: Asch) is a town of Cheb District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.	Aš	Cheb District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eiswoog is a reservoir, roughly six hectares in area, on the Eisbach stream, locally also called die Eis, in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Eiswoog	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nell Hodgson Woodruff School of Nursing is the nursing school of Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia.	Nell Hodgson Woodruff School of Nursing	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skiatook Lake is located in Osage County, Oklahoma, 4 miles (6.4 km) west of the town of Skiatook, 11 miles (18 km) east of Hominy, Oklahoma and about 18 miles (29 km) from Tulsa.	Skiatook Lake	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miejski Dwór (ˈmjɛi̯ski ˈdvur) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłakowo, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Miejski Dwór	Gmina Miłakowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Gabriel Peak is a summit in the San Gabriel Mountains in the U.S. state of California.	San Gabriel Peak	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Antioch Mission Baptist Church of Miami Gardens is a Baptist megachurch in the Carol City neighborhood of Miami Gardens, a suburb of Miami, Florida, USA that provides a blend of traditional and contemporary worship.	Antioch Mission Baptist Church of Miami Gardens	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chedan (Persian: چدان‎, also Romanized as Chedān; also known as Chedān-e Bālā) is a village in Qaen Rural District, in the Central District of Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chedan	Qaen Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cieminko (t͡ɕeˈminkɔ) (formerly German Zemmin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowice, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Cieminko	Gmina Ostrowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kilgore College (KC) is a community college located in Kilgore in Gregg County in east Texas.	Kilgore College	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Port Townsend Aero Museum is an aviation museum located at Jefferson County International Airport in Port Townsend, Washington.	Port Townsend Aero Museum	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rezazadeh Stadium is an all-seater indoor arena located in Ardabil, Iran.	Rezazadeh Stadium	Ardabil
located in the administrative territorial entity	Merguny (mɛrˈɡunɨ) (German: Margunen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Merguny	Gmina Bartoszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCVC is a radio station broadcasting on 1330 kilohertz in Tallahassee, Florida.	WCVC	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gunesh (Persian: گونش‎, also Romanized as Gūnesh) is a village in Chelevand Rural District, Lavandevil District, Astara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gunesh	Lavandevil District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Våk is a village in the municipality of Våler, Østfold, Norway.	Våk	Våler
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Jesup, also known as Fort Jesup State Historic Site or Fort Jessup or Fort Jesup State Monument, was built in 1822, 22 miles (35 km) west of Natchitoches, Louisiana, to protect the United States border with New Spain and to return order to the Neutral Strip.	Fort Jesup	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Bentley is a village, civil parish and electoral ward in the Tendring district of North Essex, England, located seven miles east of Colchester.	Great Bentley	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rybnik (ˈrɨbɲik) is a city in southwestern Poland, in the Silesian Voivodeship.	Rybnik	Silesian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tappeh-ye Marjan (Persian: تپه مرجان‎, also Romanized as Tappeh-ye Marjān, Tappeh Marjān, and Tepe Marjan) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District, Javadabad District, Varamin County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Tappeh-ye Marjan	Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District	Varamin County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Datuan (Chinese: 大疃镇) is a town in Rongcheng City, Weihai, in eastern Shandong province, China.	Datuan	Rongcheng
located in the administrative territorial entity	KEHK is a commercial hot adult contemporary music radio station in Eugene, Oregon, broadcasting to the Eugene-Springfield, Oregon area on 102.3 FM.	KEHK	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Anbar Maldari (Persian: اب انبارمالداري‎, also Romanized as Āb Ānbār Māldārī) is a village in Meyghan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ab Anbar Maldari	Meyghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buczkowo (but͡ʂˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewkowo, within Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Buczkowo	Gmina Gniewkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olympia Fields Country Club is a private golf club in Olympia Fields, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago, about 25 miles (40 km) south of The Loop.	Olympia Fields Country Club	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Curtin Springs is a pastoral lease operating cattle station in the Alice Springs region of the Northern Territory.	Curtin Springs	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Butcherpen Mound (8SR29) is a prehistoric archaeological site associated with the Weeden Island culture, located near Gulf Breeze, in the U.S. state of Florida.	Butcherpen Mound	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qosun (Persian: قصون‎, also Romanized as Qoşūn) is a village in Takab Rural District, Kuhsorkh District, Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qosun	Takab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 1987 Whittier Narrows earthquake occurred in the southern San Gabriel Valley and surrounding communities of southern California at 7:42 a.m. PDT on October 1.	1987 Whittier Narrows earthquake	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Auchinleck (/ˌɒxɨnˈlɛk/ OKH-in-LEK; Scots: Affleck /ˈæflɛk/; Scottish Gaelic: Achadh nan Leac) is a village five miles south-east of Mauchline, and two miles north-west of Cumnock in East Ayrshire, Scotland.	Auchinleck	East Ayrshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	FCJ College Benalla is a Catholic college based in Benalla, Victoria, Australia.	FCJ College Benalla	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hongkou Football Stadium Station (simplified Chinese: 虹口足球场站; traditional Chinese: 虹口足球場站; pinyin: Hóngkǒu Zúqiúchǎng Zhàn) is a virtual interchange station between Lines 3 and 8 on the Shanghai Metro.	Hongkou Football Stadium Station	Shanghai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahvaneh (Persian: شاهوانه‎, also Romanized as Shāhvāneh) is a village in Oshnavieh-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Oshnavieh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shahvaneh	Oshnavieh-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sutton-cum-Duckmanton is a civil parish in Derbyshire, England, lying between Bolsover and Chesterfield but in the district of North East Derbyshire.	Sutton-cum-Duckmanton	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Area codes 630 and 331 are area codes, under the North American Numbering Plan in the United States, that cover portions of Chicago's near and far western suburbs, including the majority of DuPage County, Illinois.	Area codes 630 and 331	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allahabad-e Yek (Persian: الله آباد1‎, also Romanized as Allahābād-e Yek; also known as Allahābād) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District, Negin Kavir District, Fahraj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Allahabad-e Yek	Negin Kavir District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chief Sealth Trail is a multi-use recreational trail in Seattle, Washington.	Chief Sealth Trail	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hopong Township (Burmese: ဟိုပုန်းမြို့နယ်) is a township of Taunggyi District in the Shan State of Myanmar.	Hopong Township	Taunggyi District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palazzo Tiepolo is an Renaissance-style palace located between the Palazzo Tiepolo Passi and the Palazzo Pisani Moretta on the Grand Canal, in the Sestieri of San Polo, Venice, Italy.	Palazzo Tiepolo	Venice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brywood Park is located in the Northwood community in the city of Irvine in Orange County, California, United States.	Brywood Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Helpston (also, formerly, ``Helpstone'') is an English village formerly in the Soke of Peterborough, geographically in Northamptonshire -- subsequently (1965--1974) in Huntingdon and Peterborough, then in Cambridgeshire -- and administered by the City of Peterborough unitary authority.	Helpston	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bruunshåb is a little town in Viborg Municipality, Denmark.	Bruunshåb	Viborg Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Leslie-Lohman Museum of Gay and Lesbian Art, operated by the Leslie-Lohman Gay Art Foundation, is a visual art museum in SoHo, Manhattan, New York City.	Leslie-Lohman Museum of Gay and Lesbian Art	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chester Rural Cemetery, located in Delaware County, Pennsylvania near the city of Chester, was founded in March 1863.	Chester Rural Cemetery	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	KLKK (103.7 FM, ``The Fox'') is a classic rock formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Clear Lake, Iowa, serving Clear Lake, Mason City and all of North Iowa & Southern Minnesota.	KLKK	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Orwell Bridge was opened to road traffic in 1982 and carries the A14 (then A45) over the River Orwell just south of Ipswich in Suffolk, England.	Orwell Bridge	Ipswich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Forcht-Wade Correctional Center was a state prison facility in Louisiana.	Forcht-Wade Correctional Center	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barbaghel (Persian: بربغل‎) is a village in Ali Jamal Rural District, in the Central District of Boshruyeh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Barbaghel	Ali Jamal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gawłowo (ɡaˈvwɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Gawłowo	Gmina Nowe Miasto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kenosha Engine was a automobile and engine factory in Kenosha, Wisconsin.	Kenosha Engine	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tõrva (German: Törwa) is a town (Estonian: linn) and municipality in Valga County, southern Estonia.	Tõrva	Valga County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Great Falls Balloon Festival is a hot air balloon festival held in the twin cities of Lewiston, Maine and Auburn, Maine.	Great Falls Balloon Festival	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hellendoorn ( pronunciation ) is a municipality and a town in the middle of the Dutch province of Overijssel.	Hellendoorn	Overijssel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glace Bay (Scottish Gaelic: Glasbaidh) is a community in the eastern part of the Cape Breton Regional Municipality in Nova Scotia, Canada.	Glace Bay	Cape Breton Regional Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asb Qalyan (Persian: اسب قليان‎, also Romanized as Asb Qalyān; also known as Asbeh Ghalyan, Asbeh Qalyān, Aspagal’ya, and Aspeh Qalyān) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Asb Qalyan	Peyghan Chayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	George W. Wingate High School is a defunct comprehensive high school in the Prospect Lefferts Gardens neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York.	George W. Wingate High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kadayanickadu (കടയനിക്കാട്) is a village situated 11 km east of Karukachal, spread out on either sides of Changanacherry - Manimala road in Kerala, India.	Kadayanickadu	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dedlu (Persian: ددلو‎, also Romanized as Dedlū) is a village in Keyvan Rural District, in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dedlu	Keyvan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liberty State Park is located on Upper New York Bay in Jersey City, New Jersey, opposite Liberty Island and Ellis Island.	Liberty State Park	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canal du Faux-Rempart, also known as the Fossé du Faux-Rempart, is a canal in the centre of the city of Strasbourg in eastern France.	Canal du Faux-Rempart	Strasbourg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Kłucka (ˈvulka ˈkwut͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniów, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wólka Kłucka	Gmina Mniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lee Airport (IATA: ANP, ICAO: KANP, FAA LID: ANP) is a public use airport located in Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States.	Lee Airport	Anne Arundel County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quchun (Persian: قوچون‎, also Romanized as Qūchūn; also known as Qūchān) is a village in Qaleh Asgar Rural District, Lalehzar District, Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Quchun	Lalehzar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasan Hendow (Persian: حسن هندو‎, also Romanized as Ḩasan Hendow; also known as Ḩasan Hendow``ī and Ḩasan Hendū’ī) is a village in Javanmardi Rural District, Khanmirza District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,297, in 274 families.	Hasan Hendow	Javanmardi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Homer D. Babbidge Library is the main library on the University of Connecticut campus.	Homer D. Babbidge Library	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Banning Dam (National ID # CA00737; also known as Lake Eleanor Dam) is a gravity dam built in 1889, in the Santa Monica Mountains, near present-day Westlake Village, in Ventura County, Southern California.	Banning Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	High Prairie is a town in northern Alberta, Canada within Big Lakes County.	High Prairie	Alberta	Big Lakes
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Trinity Alps are a mountain range in Siskiyou County and Trinity County, in Northern California.	Trinity Alps	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiersiny (kʲɛrˈɕinɨ) (German: Kierschienen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieniężno, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kiersiny	Gmina Pieniężno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lydd-on-Sea is a modern village, mostly built after World War II, which consists mainly of bungalows built along the Dungeness coastal road south of Greatstone, Kent, England.	Lydd-on-Sea	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Wyola State Park, also known as the Carroll A. Holmes Recreation Area, is located in the town of Shutesbury, Massachusetts.	Lake Wyola State Park	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	McCormick's Creek State Park is the oldest state park in the U.S. state of Indiana, dedicated as on July 4, 1916, as part of the state's centennial celebration.	McCormick's Creek State Park	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Komarnyky (Ukrainian: Комарники, Polish: Komarniki) is a village (selo) in Turka Raion, Lviv Oblast, in south-west Ukraine.	Komarnyky	Turka Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahdali Sib Ali (Persian: شهدالي سلبعلي‎, also Romanized as Shahdālī Slb ʿAlī; also known as Shahdālī and Shahdālī-ye Soflá) is a village in Chin Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Shahdali Sib Ali	Chin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Park Street District is a historic district encompassing a small cluster of historic properties on or near Park Street in the heart of Boston, Massachusetts.	Park Street District	Boston
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pentucket Regional High School (often abbreviated as ``PRHS'') is a public high school in West Newbury, Massachusetts, USA, which serves the communities of Groveland, Merrimac, and West Newbury.	Pentucket Regional High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Allerton Hotel for Women, today known as Renaissance New York Hotel 57, is a hotel located at 130 East 57th Street in the New York City borough of Manhattan.	Allerton Hotel for Women	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalashan (Persian: كلشان‎, also Romanized as Kalashān) is a village in Zulachay Rural District, in the Central District of Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kalashan	Zulachay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wellington's Column, or the Waterloo Memorial, is a monument to the Duke of Wellington standing on the corner of William Brown Street and Lime Street, Liverpool, Merseyside, England.	Wellington's Column	Liverpool
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fairfield Township School District serves students in pre-Kindergarten through eighth grade from Fairfield Township, in Cumberland County, New Jersey, United States.	Fairfield Township School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carclaze is a suburb of the town of St Austell in mid Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Carclaze	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kodumbalur (கொடும்பாளுர்) is a village in Tamil Nadu, India.	Kodumbalur	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Mędrzechowska (ˈvɔla mɛndʐɛˈxɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mędrzechów, within Dąbrowa County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Wola Mędrzechowska	Gmina Mędrzechów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kichha is a town which has its own municipal board, located in Udham Singh Nagar district, Uttarakhand, India.	Kichha	Udham Singh Nagar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East Range is a mountain range in the Great Basin region, located in Pershing County, Nevada .	East Range	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	WALX (100.9 FM, ``ALEX-FM'') is a classic hits music formatted radio station licensed to Orrville, Alabama, and serving the Selma, Alabama, market.	WALX	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heathfield and Waldron is a civil parish within the Wealden District of East Sussex, England.	Heathfield and Waldron	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilcannia is a small town located within the Central Darling Shire in north western New South Wales, Australia.	Wilcannia	Central Darling Shire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Catholic Church and Rectory, formally The Immaculate Conception Church, is a historic Roman Catholic church at 716 Franklin Street in Clarksville, Tennessee.	Catholic Church and Rectory	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Cooroora is located in the town of Pomona in the Sunshine Coast Region, Queensland, Australia.	Mount Cooroora	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łazy Leśne (ˈwazɨ ˈlɛɕnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kampinos, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Łazy Leśne	Gmina Kampinos
located in the administrative territorial entity	Racula (raˈt͡sula) (formerly German Lawaldau/Larenwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zielona Góra, within Zielona Góra County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Racula	Gmina Zielona Góra
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Basilica and Shrine of Our Lady of Perpetual Help is a Roman Catholic Basilica in Boston, Massachusetts, sometimes known as ``The Mission Church''.	Basilica and Shrine of Our Lady of Perpetual Help	Boston
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heacham (52°54′25``N 00°29′24''E) is a town in West Norfolk, England, located beside The Wash, between King's Lynn, 14 miles (23 km) to the south and Hunstanton, about 3 miles (4.8 km) to the north.	Heacham	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riudaura, sometimes also spelled Riudaure, is a municipality in the comarca of Garrotxa in Girona, Catalonia, Spain.	Riudaura	Garrotxa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sampława (samˈpwava) (German: Samplau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubawa, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sampława	Gmina Lubawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Catlin Gabel School is an independent pre-K to 12 private school in West Haven-Syvlan, a census-designated place in Washington County and the Portland metropolitan area, in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Catlin Gabel School	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faedis (Slovene: Fojda) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) northwest of Trieste and about 13 kilometres (8 mi) northeast of Udine, on the border with Slovenia.	Faedis	Province of Udine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Baum School of Art is a non-profit community art school located in Allentown, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Baum School of Art	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hill Aerospace Museum, located near Ogden, Utah, is a U.S. Air Force museum that is part of the United States Air Force Heritage Program.	Hill Aerospace Museum	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Percut Sei Tuan is a town and district of Deli Serdang Regency in the province of North Sumatra, Indonesia.	Percut Sei Tuan	Deli Serdang Regency
located in the administrative territorial entity	Open Source Press is a computer book publisher based in Munich, Germany.	Open Source Press	Munich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bilew (ˈbilɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziejowice, within Łask County, Łódź Voivodeship, located in central Poland.	Bilew	Gmina Sędziejowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The O'Shannassy River is a perennial river of the Port Phillip catchment, located in the north-eastern Greater Metropolitan Melbourne region of the Australian state of Victoria.	O'Shannassy River	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monmouthshire (Welsh: Sir Fynwy) is a county in south east Wales.	Monmouthshire	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahrizak-e Burbur (Persian: كهريزك بوربور‎, also Romanized as Kahrīzak-e Būrbūr; also known as Kahrīzak) is a village in Behnamvasat-e Jonubi Rural District, Javadabad District, Varamin County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Kahrizak-e Burbur	Behnamvasat-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The St. James is a luxury residential skyscraper in Washington Square West, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States.	The St. James	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Tryon Park is a public park located in the Hudson Heights, Washington Heights and Inwood neighborhoods of the borough of Manhattan in New York City.	Fort Tryon Park	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Honeyman Hardware Company Building is a building located in northwest Portland, Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Honeyman Hardware Company Building	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sedlčany (Czech pronunciation: (ˈsɛdl̩tʃanɪ); German: Seltschan) is a town in Příbram District, in Central Bohemia, Czech Republic.	Sedlčany	Příbram District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vulcan Airport, (TC LID: CFX6), is located immediately west of Vulcan, Alberta, Canada.	Vulcan Airport	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bopal (earlier a satellite town & Gram Panchayat) is a municipality in the Ahmedabad district of India, state of Gujarat.	Bopal	Ahmedabad district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hunter Library is the university library at Western Carolina University and is located in Cullowhee, North Carolina.	Hunter Library	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crystal Lake and Pleasant Street Historic District encompasses a streetcar suburban residential subdivision developed between 1860 and 1895 in Newton, Massachusetts.	Crystal Lake and Pleasant Street Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The St. Stanislaus Church Historic District is a 11.2-acre (4.5 ha) Polish American historic district in Warsaw, North Dakota, United States, that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.	St. Stanislaus Church Historic District	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Algonquins of Pikwàkanagàn First Nation, formerly known as the Golden Lake First Nation, are an Algonquin First Nation in Ontario, Canada.	Algonquins of Pikwàkanagàn First Nation	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chwalimie (xfaˈlimjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Okonek, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Chwalimie	Gmina Okonek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Mackay (Pitjantjatjara: Wilkinkarra) is the largest of hundreds of ephemeral salt lakes scattered throughout Western Australia and the Northern Territory.	Lake Mackay	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Indawarra is an artificial lake located in the town of Tintinara in the Murray Mallee region of South Australia.	Lake Indawarra	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mound Key Archaeological State Park is a Florida State Park, located in Estero Bay, near the mouth of the Estero River.	Mound Key Archaeological State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Washington Street Rowhouses is a pair of historic rowhouses located at Rochester in Monroe County, New York.	Washington Street Rowhouses	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowe Monasterzysko (ˈnɔvɛ mɔnastɛˈʐɨskɔ) (German: Neu Münsterberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młynary, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nowe Monasterzysko	Gmina Młynary
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Bayan (Persian: دره بيان‎, also Romanized as Darreh Bayān, and Darreh Beyān; also known as Darbīān and Darbiyān) is a village in Shamshir Rural District, in the Central District of Paveh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Darreh Bayan	Shamshir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ralston Hall Mansion located in Belmont, California, was the country house of William Chapman Ralston, a San Francisco businessman, founder of the Bank of California, and financier of the Comstock Lode.	Ralston Hall	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glen Rose High School (GRHS) is an accredited comprehensive public high school serving more than 300 students in grades nine through twelve in Malvern, Arkansas, United States.	Glen Rose High School	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Health and Physical Education Complex is a 5,100 seat multi-purpose arena in Fort Valley, Georgia in the United States.	Health and Physical Education Complex	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lechmere Canal is a short canal in East Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Lechmere Canal	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bab Abdan (Persian: باب عبدان‎, also Romanized as Bāb ``Abdān) is a village in Toghrol Al Jerd Rural District, Toghrol Al Jerd District, Kuhbanan County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 182, in 46 families.	Bab Abdan	Toghrol Al Jerd District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaiserslautern (German pronunciation: (ˌkaɪzɐsˈlaʊtɐn)) is a city in southwest Germany, located in the Bundesland (State) of Rhineland-Palatinate (Rheinland-Pfalz) at the edge of the Palatinate Forest (Pfälzerwald).	Kaiserslautern	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talabonak (Persian: تلابنك‎, also Romanized as Talābonak) is a village in Shuil Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Talabonak	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garden City Collegiate (Commonly shortened to GC) is a high school in Winnipeg, Manitoba.	Garden City Collegiate	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gurab-e Jadid (Persian: گوراب جديد‎, also Romanized as Gūrāb-e Jadīd; also known as Gūrāb) is a village in Paskuh Rural District, Sedeh District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gurab-e Jadid	Paskuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KYOK (branded as AMen Radio 1140) AM is an Urban contemporary gospel radio station in the Houston, Texas metropolitan area operating at 1140 AM in Conroe, Texas during the daytime hours only.	KYOK	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kansbahal remained a rather unknown tribal village in the Sundargarh district of Odisha until its emergence into prominence with the establishment of ``Utkal Machinery'' (UTMAL), a heavy engineering plant, mainly serving the Rourkela Steel Plant (RSP) of the Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL).	Kansbahal	Sundargarh district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bi Bi Shirvan (Persian: بي بي شيروان‎, also Romanized as Bī Bī Shīrvān) is a village in Bagheli-ye Marama Rural District, in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Bi Bi Shirvan	Bagheli-ye Marama Rural District	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riverfront Parkway is located along the Mississippi River in the cities of Davenport and Bettendorf in the U.S. state of Iowa.	Riverfront Parkway	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Punta Allen (Spanish pronunciation: ('punta 'alen)), (officially Javier Rojo Gómez) is the largest village in the Sian Ka'an Biosphere Reserve at the end of the Boca Paila Peninsula in Tulum Municipality in the Mexican state of Quintana Roo.	Punta Allen	Tulum Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tamolitch Falls was a waterfall on the McKenzie River in Linn County, Oregon.	Tamolitch Falls	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gar Faqir (Persian: گارفقير‎, also Romanized as Gār Faqīr) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District, Dashtiari District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Gar Faqir	Bahu Kalat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ziruk District (Pashto: زيړوک ولسوالۍ‎, Persian: ولسوالی زیروک‎), alternately spelled ``Zerok'', is a district of Paktika Province that once was a part of Paktia, Afghanistan.	Ziruk District	Paktika
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charuymaq County (Persian: شهرستان چاراویماق‎) is a county in East Azerbaijan Province in Iran.	Charuymaq County	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orangeville District Secondary School is located at 22 Faulkner Street in Orangeville, Ontario, Canada, and is the oldest secondary school in the town.	Orangeville District Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gardner Edgerton High School (commonly called GE or GEHS), is a public high school in Gardner, Kansas.	Gardner Edgerton High School	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Vincent Pallotti High School, usually called Pallotti, is a private school located in eastern Laurel, Maryland.	St. Vincent Pallotti High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stockton Metropolitan Airport (IATA: SCK, ICAO: KSCK, FAA LID: SCK) is three miles southeast of downtown Stockton, a city in San Joaquin County, California.	Stockton Metropolitan Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Experiment Farm Cottage, in Harris Park, New South Wales, Australia, is one of Australia's oldest standing residences.	Experiment Farm Cottage	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The City of Griffith is a local government area in Riverina region of south-western New South Wales, Australia.	City of Griffith	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Matilda International Hospital (Chinese: 明德國際醫院) is a hospital in Hong Kong located at 41 Mount Kellett Road, The Peak, Hong Kong Island.	Matilda International Hospital	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borzelan-e Sofla (Persian: برزلان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Borzelān-e Soflá; also known as Borzelān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Qushkhaneh-ye Pain Rural District, Qushkhaneh District, Shirvan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Borzelan-e Sofla	Qushkhaneh-ye Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seraj Kola (Persian: سراجكلا‎, also Romanized as Serāj Kolā; also known as Serāj Kolā-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Balatajan Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Seraj Kola	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taleb Goli (Persian: طالب گلي‎, also Romanized as Ţāleb Golī) is a village in Shoja Rural District, in the Central District of Jolfa County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Taleb Goli	Shoja Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smith's Fort Plantation is a house and parcel of land located in Surry County, Virginia, United States.	Smith's Fort Plantation	Surry County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sargent Icefield is a large icefield located on the eastern portion of the Kenai Peninsula bordering Prince William Sound in Alaska.	Sargent Icefield	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mandalay Bay is a 43-story luxury hotel and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada.	Mandalay Bay	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wąglikowice (vɔnɡlikɔˈvit͡sɛ) (Kashubian: Wąglëkòwice) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wąglikowice	Gmina Kościerzyna
located in the administrative territorial entity	S. R. Crown Hall, designed by the German Modernist architect Ludwig Mies van der Rohe, is the home of the College of Architecture at the Illinois Institute of Technology in Chicago, Illinois.	S. R. Crown Hall	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bajestan County (Persian: شهرستان بجستان‎) is a county in Razavi Khorasan Province in Iran.	Bajestan County	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The German state of Lower Saxony purchased the castle at Nienover in 2005, but sold it to Mireille van Meer, a Dutch horse breeder.	Nienover	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mission San Francisco de Potano was a Spanish mission near Gainesville, Florida, United States.	Mission San Francisco de Potano	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The DUX Bessemer Bend Bridge is a Warren through truss bridge in Bessemer Bend, Wyoming, which carries Natrona County Road CN1-58 (Bessemer Bend Road) across the North Platte River.	DUX Bessemer Bend Bridge	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khan Bolaghi (Persian: خانبلاغي‎, also Romanized as Khān Bolāghī) is a village in Ojarud-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Khan Bolaghi	Ojarud-e Markazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bramalea City Centre is a large shopping mall located in the city of Brampton, Ontario, Canada.	Bramalea City Centre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niqiu (Chinese: 倪邱; pinyin: Níqiū) is a town of Taihe County in northwestern Anhui province, China, located 26 kilometres (16 mi) north of the county seat along China National Highway 105.	Niqiu	Taihe County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nareh (Persian: نره‎) is a village in Kohurestan Rural District, in the Central District of Khamir County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Nareh	Kohurestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bożenice (bɔʐɛˈnit͡sɛ) (German Bosens) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polanów, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Bożenice	Gmina Polanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colmurano is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Macerata in the Italian region of Marche, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) southwest of Ancona and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) southwest of Macerata.	Colmurano	Province of Macerata
located in the administrative territorial entity	Durbin, Kentucky is an unincorporated community situated along Kentucky Route 752 and Durbin Creek in southern Boyd County, Kentucky.	Durbin, Kentucky	Boyd County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bandar-e Shenas (Persian: بندرشناس‎, also Romanized as Bandar-e Shenās; also known as Bandar-e Shīās, Shenās, and Shīās) is a village in Moghuyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Bandar-e Shenas	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoykenkamp is part of the municipality of Ganderkesee and belongs to the county of Oldenburg.	Hoykenkamp	Oldenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tewin is an English village and civil parish in Hertfordshire, England between the towns of Welwyn Garden City, Stevenage, Welwyn (village) and the county town Hertford, it is within commuting distance of London.	Tewin	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 491 Prospect Street in Methuen, Massachusetts is locally significant as an excellent example of a Shingle Style house of the type built for well-to-do businessmen in Methuen and Lawrence around the turn of the 20th century.	House at 491 Prospect Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lechmere Point Corporation Houses is a historic apartment rowhouse at 45-51 Gore St. and 25 3rd Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Lechmere Point Corporation Houses	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clonmellon (Irish: Ráistín) is a small town in County Westmeath, Ireland situated between Kells in County Meath and Delvin in Westmeath.	Clonmellon	County Westmeath
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dedaye Township (Burmese: ဒေးဒရဲမြို့နယ် (dédəjɛ́ mjo̰nɛ̀)) is a township of Pyapon District in the Ayeyarwady Region of Myanmar.	Dedaye Township	Pyapon District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garmeh Khush (Persian: گرمه خوش‎, also Romanized as Garmeh Khūsh; also known as Garmeh) is a village in Ruin Rural District, in the Central District of Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Garmeh Khush	Ruin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WJEN (105.3 FM) is a 1,250 watt Country formatted station located in Rutland, Vermont.	WJEN	Rutland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rùm (Scottish Gaelic pronunciation: (rˠuːm)), a Scottish Gaelic name often anglicised to Rum, is one of the Small Isles of the Inner Hebrides, in the district of Lochaber, Scotland.	Rùm	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Comfort Maple tree is an individual sugar maple (Acer saccharum) located in Comfort Maple Conservation Area in the Town of Pelham, Ontario.	Comfort Maple	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Before the Local Government Act 1972 came into force in 1974 Wisbech was a municipal borough; it is now a civil parish in the Fenland District.	Wisbech	Fenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ted's Restaurant in Meriden, Connecticut, is a hamburger restaurant known for its steamed cheeseburger.	Ted's Restaurant	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asheridge (recorded Esserugge in the 13th century) is a small hamlet in the parish of Chartridge, in Buckinghamshire, England.	Asheridge	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Fin Barre's Cathedral, (Irish: Ardeaglais Naomh Fionnbarra) is a cathedral of the Church of Ireland in Cork city, Ireland.	Saint Fin Barre's Cathedral	Cork
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Framingham Reservoir No. 1 Dam and Gatehouse are a historic water works facility in Framingham, Massachusetts.	Framingham Reservoir No. 1 Dam and Gatehouse	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horam is a village, electoral ward and civil parish in the Wealden District of East Sussex, situated three miles (4.8 km) south of Heathfield.	Horam	East Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	KBAE is a commercial radio station licensed to Trinidad, California, broadcasting on 95.5 FM from studios in nearby Eureka.	KBAE	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Las Vegas High School Academic Building and Gymnasium, now the Las Vegas Academy of International Studies and Performing Arts, is an Art Deco building in Las Vegas, Nevada.	Las Vegas High School Academic Building and Gymnasium	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pelluhue (in Mapudungun: land of clams) is a town and commune in the Cauquenes Province of central Chile's seventh region of Maule.	Pelluhue	Cauquenes Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manthenavaripalem is a village in Guntur district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.	Manthenavaripalem	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westpac Place (commonly referred to as the Palace as it is Westpac's premier working environment above all others) is a commercial skyscraper located in the north-western corridor of the Sydney central business district, Australia.	Westpac Place	Sydney
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clifton Park Valve House, also known as the Lake Clifton Gate House or Lake Clifton Valve House, is a historic building located in a northeast area known as Clifton Park of Baltimore, Maryland.	Clifton Park Valve House	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bert Dosh Memorial Bridge, also known as the Delks Bluff Bridge, carries State Road 40 over the Ocklawaha River in north-central Florida, east of Silver Springs.	Bert Dosh Memorial Bridge	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grande Cache is a town in west-central Alberta, Canada, located 145 kilometres (90 mi) northwest of Hinton and 435 kilometres (270 mi) west of Edmonton.	Grande Cache	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Itcha Mountain is one of the two named volcanic peaks of the Itcha Range, which is located in the Chilcotin District of the Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada.	Itcha Mountain	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shatt Al-Arab District (Arabic: شط العرب‎) is a district of Basra Governorate, Iraq.	Shatt Al-Arab District	Basra Governorate
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Transept Trail is a hiking trail located on the North Rim of the Grand Canyon National Park, located in the U.S. state of Arizona.	Transept Trail	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Danube flows through Nendingen, which lies between the towns Tuttlingen and Mühlheim an der Donau.	Nendingen	Tuttlingen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh-ye Kazem Hajj Soltan (Persian: بنه كاظم حاج سلطان‎‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye Kāz̧em Ḩājj Solţān; also known as Ḩājj Solţān) is a village in Aghili-ye Shomali Rural District, Aghili District, Gotvand County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Boneh-ye Kazem Hajj Soltan	Aghili-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malheur Reservoir is an irrigation lake along Willow Creek in Malheur County in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Malheur Reservoir	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torrance Memorial Medical Center is a private hospital located in Torrance, California.	Torrance Memorial Medical Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chilkoot Lake, in the Tlingit Indians region of Alaska, is also spelt Chilcoot Lake.	Chilkoot Lake	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ribordone is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, about 45 km northwest of Turin.	Ribordone	Province of Turin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh Chamak (Persian: باغچمك‎, also Romanized as Bāgh Chamak and Bāghchemak; also known as Bāgh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bam County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bagh Chamak	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jerry Tyler Memorial Airport (IATA: NLE, FAA LID: 3TR) is a privately owned airport in Niles, Michigan.	Jerry Tyler Memorial Airport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 2008 European Men's Fistball Championship was held in Stuttgart (Germany) from July 25 to July 27 with seven men's national teams:	2008 European Men's Fistball Championship	Stuttgart
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pygery is a town in South Australia on the Eyre Peninsula and on the Eyre Highway, 569 kilometres (354 mi) north-west of the state capital, Adelaide.	Pygery	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emanuel Medical Center is a 209-bed acute care hospital located in Turlock, California and also runs a 145-bed skilled nursing facility.	Emanuel Medical Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ufi (Persian: عوفي‎, also Romanized as ``Ūfī) is a village in Noabad Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 13, in 5 families.	Ufi	Noabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WSAJ-FM (91.1 FM) is a non-commercial college radio station located in Grove City, Pennsylvania.	WSAJ-FM	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Des Voeux Road Central and Des Voeux Road West are two roads on the north shore of Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong.	Des Voeux Road	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wignacourt Tower (Maltese: Torri ta' Wignacourt), also known as Saint Paul's Bay Tower (Maltese: Torri ta' San Pawl il-Baħar), is a bastioned watchtower in St. Paul's Bay, Malta.	Wignacourt Tower	St. Paul's Bay
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patuari is a village in the borough of Sakhigopal on the River Godavari in Puri district of the Indian state of Odisha.	Patuari	Odisha
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hanford Site is a mostly decommissioned nuclear production complex operated by the United States federal government on the Columbia River in the U.S. state of Washington.	Hanford Site	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Talkeetna Mountains (Dghelaay tahwt’aene in Ahtna) (62°2′N 147°54′W) are a mountain range in Alaska.	Talkeetna Mountains	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Omaha Ford Motor Company Assembly Plant is located at 1514-1524 Cuming Street in North Omaha, Nebraska.	Omaha Ford Motor Company Assembly Plant	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	KNGT (99.5 FM, ``Gator 99.5'') is a radio station licensed to Lake Charles, Louisiana, USA, broadcasting a country music format.	KNGT	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hutton railway station is on the Canadian National Railway mainline in Hutton, British Columbia.	Hutton railway station	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oriskany Battlefield State Historic Site is a historic site in Oneida County, New York, USA that marks the Battle of Oriskany, fought in 1777 during the American Revolution, one of the bloodiest engagements of the war.	Oriskany Battlefield State Historic Site	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swojki (ˈsfɔi̯ki) (German Schwoiken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukta, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Swojki	Gmina Łukta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khategaon (Hindi: खातेगांव) is a town and a nagar palika in Dewas district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.	Khategaon	Dewas district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vlăhița ( listen) (Hungarian: Szentegyháza, pronounced (ˈsɛntɛchaːzɒ), until 1899 Szentegyházas-Oláhfalu) is a town in Harghita County, Romania.	Vlăhița	Harghita County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pallekele International Cricket Stadium, also known as Muttiah Muralitharan International Cricket Stadium, is a cricket stadium in Kandy, Sri Lanka.	Pallekele International Cricket Stadium	Kandy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cibola National Wildlife Refuge is a U.S. National Wildlife Refuge in the floodplain of the lower Colorado River between Arizona and California and surrounded by a fringe of desert ridges and washes.	Cibola National Wildlife Refuge	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ye Olde Cheshire Cheese is a Grade II listed public house at 145 Fleet Street, on Wine Office Court, City of London, EC4A 2BU.	Ye Olde Cheshire Cheese	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qosira (Persian: قصيرا‎, also Romanized as Qoşīrā and Qoşeyrā; also known asKasīreh, Qasreh, and Qaşr-e Seyyedhā) is a village in Kavar Rural District, in the Central District of Kavar County, Fars Province, Iran.	Qosira	Kavar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WIGW is a Christian FM radio station in the Lake County area in Florida, transmitting on 90.3 FM.	WIGW	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ziviyeh District (Persian: بخش زیویه‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Ziviyeh District	Kurdistan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darby Dan Farm is a produce, livestock, and thoroughbred horse breeding and training farm founded in 1935 near the Darby Creek in Galloway, Ohio by businessman John W. Galbreath.	Darby Dan Farm	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	CHCR-FM is a community radio station broadcasting at 102.9 FM in Killaloe, Ontario, with a repeater at 104.5 FM in Wilno, known as ``Canadian Homegrown Community Radio''.	CHCR-FM	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kliestow is an Ortsteil of Frankfurt (Oder), Germany, with a population of 1,194.	Kliestow	Frankfurt (Oder
located in the administrative territorial entity	Double Pipe Creek, sometimes called Pipe Creek, is a major tributary of the Monocacy River in Carroll County and Frederick County in Maryland, located several miles north and west of Westminster.	Double Pipe Creek	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramalde (Portuguese pronunciation: (ʁɐˈmaɫd(ɨ))) is a Portuguese parish of the municipality of Porto.	Ramalde	Porto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ballpark Plaza was a description of a proposed stadium in Brownsville, Texas, that was in the planning stages.	Ballpark Plaza	Brownsville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qalat Kat (Persian: قلات كت‎, also Romanized as Qalāt Kat; also known as Qalāt) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Qalat Kat	Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Voyutychi (Ukrainian: Воютичі, Polish: Wojutycze) is a village (selo) in Sambir Raion, Lviv Oblast, in south-west Ukraine.	Voyutychi	Sambir Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalankash (Persian: كلانكش‎, also Romanized as Kalānkash and Kalānkesh; also known as Kalānkish, Kelen-ki, and Kolankesh) is a village in Rudqat Rural District, Sufian District, Shabestar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kalankash	Rudqat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Augustine's, Whitton, on Hospital Bridge Road in Whitton in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames, is a Church of England church in the Diocese of London.	St Augustine's, Whitton	London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	Port Royal Speedway is a half mile dirt racetrack in Port Royal, Juniata County, Pennsylvania in the United States.	Port Royal Speedway	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kam Tsin (金錢), also known as Kam Tsin Tsuen (金錢村) is a village and an area in the North District, in the New Territories in Hong Kong.	Kam Tsin	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The town of Senden is the second-largest town of the district of Neu-Ulm in Bavaria and is located at the border to Baden-Württemberg.	Senden	Neu-Ulm
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Rito Crags is a rock climbing destination in Carson National Forest considered to be one of New Mexico's best sport climbing venues.	El Rito Crags	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dwight School is an independent college preparatory school located on Manhattan's Upper West Side.	Dwight School	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Spring Union Church, also known as Big Springs Primitive Baptist Church, is a historic church in Springdale, Claiborne County, Tennessee.	Big Spring Union Church	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bobrowisko (bɔbrɔˈviskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Bobrowisko	Gmina Suwałki
located in the administrative territorial entity	KTXR (101.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a country music format, licensed to Springfield, Missouri, USA.	KTXR	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint-Amans-de-Pellagal is a commune in the Midi-Pyrénées region in southern France, in the Tarn-et-Garonne department.	Saint-Amans-de-Pellagal	Tarn-et-Garonne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brooklyn Botanic Garden (BBG) is a botanical garden in the borough of Brooklyn in New York City.	Brooklyn Botanic Garden	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bourbon Street (French: Rue Bourbon) is a street in the heart of New Orleans' oldest neighborhood, the French Quarter, in New Orleans, Louisiana.	Bourbon Street	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mogiłowo (mɔɡiˈwɔvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nidzica, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Mogiłowo	Gmina Nidzica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Păuliș (Hungarian: Ópálos) is a commune in Arad County, Romania, is situated in the contact zone of the Mureș Couloir with the Aradului Plateau and Zărand Mountains.	Păuliș	Arad County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bidvaz (Persian: بيدواز‎, also Romanized as Bīdvāz; also known as Bīdvā) is a village in Milanlu Rural District, in the Central District of Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bidvaz	Milanlu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pandhurli is a village and a municipal council in Sinnar taluka of Nashik district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.	Pandhurli	Nashik district	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tongue River Cave is a cave in the Bighorn National Forest just west of Dayton, Wyoming.	Tongue River Cave	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Cristóbal de La Laguna (commonly known as La Laguna, Spanish pronunciation: (saŋ kɾisˈtoβal de la laˈɣuna)) is a city and municipality in the northern part of the island of Tenerife in the Province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife, on the Canary Islands, (Spain).	San Cristóbal de La Laguna	Canary Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bahar ol Gharib (Persian: بحرالغريب‎, also Romanized as Baḩar ol Gharīb) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Bahar ol Gharib	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KYVL (106.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to Eagle Point, Oregon, USA, and serving the Medford-Ashland area.	KYVL	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newton Flotman is a village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk, approximately 8 miles south of Norwich.	Newton Flotman	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Langbourn is one of the 25 ancient wards of the City of London.	Langbourn	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charlcutt is a hamlet in the county of Wiltshire, England, 3 miles (4.8 km) northwest of Calne.	Charlcutt	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Priekule Municipality (Latvian: Priekules novads) is a municipality in Courland, Latvia.	Priekule Municipality	Latvia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Safaabad (Persian: صفااباد‎, also Romanized as Şafāābād) is a village in Doab Rural District, Bazoft District, Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Safaabad	Doab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mainhardt Forest is a hill range up to 586.4 m above sea level (NHN) in the counties of Schwäbisch Hall and Heilbronn, Hohenlohekreis and Rems-Murr-Kreis in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.	Mainhardt Forest	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abergwesyn is a village in the Welsh county of Powys, in mid-Wales, at the start of the Abergwesyn valley and the confluence of the Afon Irfon and the Afon Gwesyn and is 52 miles (83km) from Cardiff and 158 miles (254km) from London.	Abergwesyn	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roșiorii de Vede (Romanian pronunciation: (roʃiˌorij de ˈvede); sometimes Roșiori de Vede or, in old versions, Rușii de Vede) is a city in Teleorman County, Romania.	Roșiorii de Vede	Teleorman County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hope Park was an 18th and 19th-century plantation in Fairfax County in the U.S. state of Virginia.	Hope Park	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Braddock Secondary School in Burke, Virginia, United States, administered by Fairfax County Public Schools (FCPS), is one of three 7-12 secondary schools in Fairfax County; the other two are Hayfield SS and Robinson SS .	Lake Braddock Secondary School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Downtown Norwich Historic District is a historic district representing the core of the downtown area of the city of Norwich, Connecticut in the United States.	Downtown Norwich Historic District	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waccamaw High School (WHS) is one of four schools that are encompassed in the Waccamaw school family on the Waccamaw Neck of Georgetown County, South Carolina.	Waccamaw High School	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arsenal Project of Watertown (formerly known as Arsenal Mall) is a small enclosed shopping mall located at 500 Arsenal Street in Watertown, Massachusetts.	The Arsenal Project of Watertown	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Birmingham International Raceway, (BIR) (formerly Fairgrounds Raceway, Birmingham Super Speedway, Birmingham Super Raceway and Birmingham International Speedway) was a 5/8-mile oval paved racetrack located at the Alabama State Fairgrounds in the Five Points West neighborhood of Birmingham, Alabama.	Birmingham International Raceway	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz Gren (also known as Schwarzhorn) is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, located between Tenigerbad and Lumbrein in the canton of Graubünden.	Piz Gren	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stephen Beech Cleveland House, also known as The Lodge, is a historic house in Suggsville, Clarke County, Alabama.	Stephen Beech Cleveland House	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostrowieczno (ɔstrɔˈvjɛt͡ʂnɔ) (German: Seeweiler) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dolsk, within Śrem County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Ostrowieczno	Gmina Dolsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	WWGY, branded as Froggy 95, is a country music formatted radio station in Grove City, Pennsylvania.	WWGY	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzan ((kʂan); German: Rettig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościan, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Krzan	Gmina Kościan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jewish Museum of Belgium (French: Musée juif de Belgique, Dutch: Joods Museum van België) is a museum in Brussels, Belgium, focusing on the history of the Jews in Belgium.	Jewish Museum of Belgium	Brussels
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Goldfield Hills is a mountain range in Esmeralda County, Nevada, south of the mining district and town of Goldfield, in the Great Basin.	Goldfield Hills	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dauberville Bridge was a historic concrete arch bridge spanning the Schuylkill River between Centre Township and Ontelaunee Township in Berks County, Pennsylvania.	Dauberville Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Firuzeh County (Persian: شهرستان فیروزه‎) is a county in Razavi Khorasan Province in Iran.	Firuzeh County	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lower Blackburn Grade Bridge, also named the Van Duzen River Bridge or Mile 18 Bridge, is a 258-foot-long (79 m) reinforced concrete through arch with a main span approximately 150 feet (46 m) over the Van Duzen River about 4 miles (6.4 km) east of Bridgeville, California.	Lower Blackburn Grade Bridge	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Donatyre is a village in the district of Avenches of the Canton of Vaud, Switzerland.	Donatyre	Avenches	Canton of Vaud
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mayflower Manor Apartments is a high rise residential building in Akron, Ohio, United States.	Mayflower Manor Apartments	Akron
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nashki (Persian: ناشكي‎, also Romanized as Nāshkī) is a village in Gowharan Rural District, Gowharan District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Nashki	Gowharan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rzadka Wola (ˈʐatka ˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Rzadka Wola	Gmina Brześć Kujawski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ellisville Harbor State Park is a Massachusetts state park located in the village of Ellisville in Plymouth.	Ellisville Harbor State Park	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schloss Veldenz in the Moselle valley region is a castle ruin about 1.5 km southeast of the village of Veldenz in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Schloss Veldenz	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spengler Bridge, named after Henry Cones Spengler (26 Feb 1847 - 25 Aug 1911), Chatham County Highway Commissioner, is a historic Pratt Truss bridge located at Chatham in Columbia County, New York.	Spengler Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trematon is a village in Cornwall, England, about two miles (3 km) from the town of Saltash and part of the civil parish of St Stephens-by-Saltash.	Trematon	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carlingwood Mall (or also called Carlingwood Shopping Centre) is a major mall located in the west end of the city of Ottawa, Ontario.	Carlingwood Mall	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pelican Stadium, originally known as Heinemann Park (1915-1937), was a sports stadium in New Orleans, Louisiana from 1915-1957.	Pelican Stadium	New Orleans
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tomesorkh (Persian: تم سرخ‎) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tomesorkh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jamal Lak (Persian: جمال لك‎, also Romanized as Jamāl Lak) is a village in Gughar Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Jamal Lak	Gughar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nabi Sufi (Persian: نبي صوفي‎, also Romanized as Nabī Şūfī) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Nabi Sufi	Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Methuen Mall was a single-story shopping mall in Methuen, Massachusetts.	Methuen Mall	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Sumatra (Indonesian: Sumatera Barat, abbreviated to Sumbar) is a province of Indonesia.	West Sumatra	Indonesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greenhill Lane is a hamlet near the town of Alfreton, Derbyshire, England, located between the villages of Leabrooks and Riddings.	Greenhill Lane	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Memleben Abbey (German: Kloster Memleben, Reichskloster Memleben) was a Benedictine monastery, now ruined, on the Unstrut in Memleben, in the Burgenlandkreis near Nebra in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Memleben Abbey	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tall Bumeh (Persian: تل بومه‎, also Romanized as Tall Būmeh, Tal Būmeh, and Tall-e Būmeh; also known as Tel Būma and Zūair) is a village in Mollasani Rural District, in the Central District of Bavi County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tall Bumeh	Mollasani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kłosowo-Piekło (kwɔˈsɔvɔ ˈpjɛkwɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Przodkowo, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kłosowo-Piekło	Gmina Przodkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowe Kiejkuty (ˈnɔvɛ kʲɛi̯ˈkutɨ) (German: Neu Keykuth) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dźwierzuty, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nowe Kiejkuty	Gmina Dźwierzuty
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skypark Airport (IATA: BTF, ICAO: KBTF, FAA LID: BTF) is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southwest of the central business district of Bountiful, a city in Davis County, Utah, United States.	Skypark Airport	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darnhall is a civil parish and small village to the south west of Winsford in the Borough of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire in England.	Darnhall	Cheshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bagdad Bypass is a proposed bypass of the Midland Highway, through Bagdad, Tasmania.	Bagdad Bypass	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vittskövle Church (Swedish: Vittskövle kyrka, Danish: Vidskøvle kirke) is a church in Kristianstad Municipality, in Skåne, Sweden.	Vittskövle Church	Kristianstad Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chintapalle or Chintapalli is a village and a Mandal in Visakhapatnam district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Chintapalle	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pope's Flat (sometimes called Pope's Island) is the second largest of the four islands owned by Stratford, Connecticut in the Housatonic River between I-95 and the Merritt Parkway.	Pope's Flat	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cwmann is a small village in Wales near Lampeter, just on the Ceredigion border with Carmarthenshire.	Cwmann	Carmarthenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Řepiště (Polish: Rzepiszcze) is a village in Frýdek-Místek District, Moravian-Silesian Region, Czech Republic.	Řepiště	Frýdek-Místek District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Morgan County School District is a public school district in Morgan County, Georgia, USA, based in Madison.	Morgan County School District	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chisago Lakes High School, located in Lindström, Minnesota, serves more than 1,100 students in grades 9-12.	Chisago Lakes High School	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Świętochy (ɕfjɛnˈtɔxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Świętochy	Gmina Siennica
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lanier Library Association is a subscription library in Tryon, North Carolina.	Lanier Library Association	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pacific Coliseum is an indoor arena located at Hastings Park in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Pacific Coliseum	Vancouver
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gould Street Generating Station is a 100 MW electric generating plant operated by Exelon that is located on Gould Street in south Baltimore, Maryland.	Gould Street Generating Station	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ulysses S. Grant Home in Galena, Illinois is the former home of Ulysses S. Grant, the Civil War general and later 18th President of the United States.	Ulysses S. Grant Home	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galesh-e Musha (Persian: گالش موشا‎, also Romanized as Gālesh-e Mūshā) is a village in Malfejan Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Galesh-e Musha	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klimaszewnica (klimaʂɛvˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziłów, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Klimaszewnica	Gmina Radziłów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szklanów (ˈʂklanuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Szklanów	Gmina Stopnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Apodaca Provincial Park is a provincial park located on the central eastern shoreline of Bowen Island, British Columbia, Canada.	Apodaca Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stanton College Preparatory School is an academically renowned public high school in Jacksonville, Florida.	Stanton College Preparatory School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andarman (Persian: اندرمان‎, also Romanized as Andarmān and Andarmūn; also known as Andarhān) is a village in Azimiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rey County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Andarman	Azimiyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, often referred to as The Guggenheim, is an art museum located at 1071 Fifth Avenue on the corner of East 89th Street in the Upper East Side neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.	Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borqeban (Persian: برقبان‎, also Romanized as Borqebān, Barqebān, Borghebān, and Borqbān; also known as Bargheyān, Barghīān, Barqabeh, Boroghbeh, Tabailak, and Varqabeh) is a village in Tabas Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Borqeban	Tabas Rural District	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laekvere Parish (Estonian: Laekvere vald) is a rural municipality of Estonia, in Lääne-Viru County.	Laekvere Parish	Lääne-Viru County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowe Boksze (ˈnɔvɛ ˈbɔkʂɛ), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnopol, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Nowe Boksze	Gmina Krasnopol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lincoln-Sudbury Regional High School (LSRHS or L-S) is a public regional high school located in Sudbury, Massachusetts serving the communities of Sudbury and Lincoln, Massachusetts.	Lincoln-Sudbury Regional High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	WYNU (92.3 FM), known as ``U92'', is a classic hits formatted radio station based in Milan, Tennessee.	WYNU	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Moultrie is the third largest lake in South Carolina covering over 60,000 acres (240 km2).	Lake Moultrie	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Place d'Youville in Old Montreal is a historical square in Montreal, named after Marguerite d'Youville.	Place d'Youville	Montreal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yau Tsim Mong District (simplified Chinese: 油尖旺区; traditional Chinese: 油尖旺區; pinyin: Yóujiānwàng Qū, Jyutping: jau4 zim1 wong6 keoi1) is one of 18 districts of Hong Kong, located on the western part of Kowloon Peninsula.	Yau Tsim Mong District	Kowloon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeychidar (Persian: قيچي در‎, also Romanized as Qeychīdar; also known as Keychī Dār and Kichidār) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District, Razaviyeh District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qeychidar	Pain Velayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Newburyport Harbor Rear Range Light is a historic lighthouse at 61½ Water St. near the Merrimack River in Newburyport, Massachusetts.	Newburyport Harbor Rear Range Light	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greeley Union Pacific Railroad Depot located at 902 7th Avenue, Greeley, Colorado is a former railway station for the Union Pacific Railway.	Greeley Union Pacific Railroad Depot	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dolní Vilímeč (Czech pronunciation: (ˈdolɲiː ˈvɪliːmɛtʃ)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Dolní Vilímeč	Jihlava District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eiteljorg Museum of American Indians and Western Art is located in downtown Indianapolis, Indiana, and houses an extensive collection of Native American art, as well as Western American paintings and sculptures collected by businessman and philanthropist Harrison Eiteljorg (1903--1997).	Eiteljorg Museum of American Indians and Western Art	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bower Fold is a football stadium in Stalybridge, Greater Manchester, England and is the home ground of Stalybridge Celtic.	Bower Fold	Stalybridge
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fresno Pacific Towers, originally the Pacific Southwest Building and later known as the Security Bank Building is a 15-story, 67 m (220 ft) high-rise completed in 1925 in downtown Fresno, California.	Fresno Pacific Towers	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zir Ahak (Persian: زيراهك‎, also Romanized as Zīr Āhak; also known as Zāyer, Zīrak, Zīrehak, Zīrehat, Zīreh Hak, Zirhak, and Zīr Rāh) is a village in Bu ol Kheyr Rural District, Delvar District, Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Zir Ahak	Bu ol Kheyr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elżbietowo (ɛlʐbjɛˈtɔvɔ) (German: Elisenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowo, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Elżbietowo	Gmina Żukowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Minneapolis Sculpture Garden is an 11-acre (4.5 ha) park in Minneapolis, Minnesota, in the United States.	Minneapolis Sculpture Garden	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moore River National Park is a national park in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, 95 km north of Perth.	Moore River National Park	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fair Haven Union Cemetery, located at 149 Grand Ave., covers 7 acres (28,000 m2) in the neighborhood of Fair Haven, Connecticut.	Fair Haven Union Cemetery	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Third County Courthouse is an 1837 Greek Revival building at 302 Center Street in Historic Richmond Town, near the center of Staten Island, New York.	Third County Courthouse	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badichowdi is one of the best-known commercial suburbs in Hyderabad, the capital city of Telangana, India.	Badichowdi	Hyderabad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southoe and Midloe is a small civil parish in Cambridgeshire, England.	Southoe and Midloe	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of Indian Arts and Culture/Laboratory of Anthropology is a museum of Native American art and culture located in Santa Fe, New Mexico.	Museum of Indian Arts and Culture	Santa Fe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Góry Prusinowskie (ˈɡurɨ pruɕiˈnɔfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szadek, within Zduńska Wola County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Góry Prusinowskie	Gmina Szadek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Debaghi Nemati (Persian: دباغي نعمتي‎, also Romanized as Debāghī Ne``matī) is a village in Jolgah Rural District, in the Central District of Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Debaghi Nemati	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aviva Centre, formerly Rexall Centre, is a tennis stadium in Toronto, Ontario.	Aviva Centre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Portland Hotel (or Hotel Portland) was a late-19th-century hotel in Portland, Oregon, United States that once occupied the city block on which Pioneer Courthouse Square now stands.	Portland Hotel	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Älvdalen Municipality (Älvdalens kommun) is a municipality in Dalarna County in central Sweden.	Älvdalen Municipality	Dalarna County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamfiruz-e Shomali Rural District (Persian: دهستان كامفيروزشمالي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kamfiruz District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kamfiruz-e Shomali Rural District	Kamfiruz District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Weir is a fresh water lake located in southern Marion County, Florida.	Lake Weir	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarkhas (Persian: ترخاص‎, also Romanized as Tarkhāş) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tarkhas	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Road Commission Airport (FAA LID: 0Z2), also known as Road Commission Nr 1 Airport, is a public-use airport located three nautical miles (4 mi, 6 km) south of the central business district of Denali, in the Matanuska-Susitna Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Road Commission Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peak Tower (Chinese: 凌霄閣) is a leisure and shopping complex located at Victoria Gap, near the summit of Victoria Peak on Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong.	Peak Tower	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kurt Vonnegut Memorial Library is dedicated to championing the literary, artistic and cultural contributions of the late writer, artist and Indianapolis native Kurt Vonnegut, Jr..	Kurt Vonnegut Memorial Library	Indianapolis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meigu County (Chinese: 美姑县; pinyin: Měigū Xiàn) is a part of the Liangshan Yi Autonomous Prefecture.	Meigu County	Liangshan Yi Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nellis Solar Power Plant is a 14-megawatt (MW) photovoltaic power station located within Nellis Air Force Base in Clark County, Nevada, northeast of Las Vegas.	Nellis Solar Power Plant	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niewodowo (ɲevɔˈdɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątnica, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Niewodowo	Gmina Piątnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Byers Peak Wilderness is a U.S. Wilderness Area located in Arapaho National Forest in north central Colorado.	Byers Peak Wilderness	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Church of Saint-Denys de la Chapelle is a church of the 18th arrondissement of Paris.	Saint-Denys de la Chapelle	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbots Deuglie is a hamlet in the Scottish region of Perth and Kinross, Scotland.	Abbots Deuglie	Perth and Kinross
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mian Bisheh (Persian: ميان بيشه‎, also Romanized as Mīān Bīsheh; also known as Men Bīsheh) is a village in Seydun-e Shomali Rural District, Seydun District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mian Bisheh	Seydun-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peckforton is a scattered settlement (centred at SJ538564) and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England.	Peckforton	Cheshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Workingman's Savings Bank & Trust Co. Building, located at 800 East Ohio Street in the East Allegheny neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, was built in 1901.	Workingman's Savings Bank & Trust Co.	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kandeh Sorkh (Persian: كنده سرخ‎) is a village in Satar Rural District, Kolyai District, Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kandeh Sorkh	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golil (Persian: گليل‎, also Romanized as Golīl) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Golil	Osmanvand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Christelijk Gymnasium Sorghvliet, or in short Sorghvliet, is an independent protestant gymnasium in The Hague.	Christelijk Gymnasium Sorghvliet	The Hague
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madhugiri is a Taluk headquarters in Tumkur district in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Madhugiri	Tumkur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Minkowce (miŋˈkɔft͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Minkowce	Gmina Szudziałowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maulasar is a village and block in Didwana tehsil of Nagaur district in Rajasthan.	Maulasar	Nagaur district	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Between Towns Road is a major road in the area of Cowley, in the city of Oxford, England.	Between Towns Road	Oxford
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Noisy-Diobsud Wilderness is a relatively small wilderness area in northwestern Washington state adjacent to North Cascades National Park.	Noisy-Diobsud Wilderness	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chrystal Water and Power Company-Spencer Water and Ice Company, also known as Spencer Ice Plant, is a historic power station and ice manufacturing plant located at Spencer, Roane County, West Virginia.	Chrystal Water and Power Company-Spencer Water and Ice Company	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Glover was a fort that existed from 1775 to 1776, 1813-1815, 1863-1865, and 1898 in Marblehead, Massachusetts.	Fort Glover	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Champlain Place (French: Place Champlain), also known as Champlain Mall and branded as CF Champlain, is a shopping centre located in Dieppe, New Brunswick, Canada.	Champlain Place	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh-ye Shirin Rashnow (Persian: چشمه شيرين رشنو‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Shīrīn Rashnow; also known as Cheshmeh Shīrīn) is a village in Murmuri Rural District, Kalat District, Abdanan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh-ye Shirin Rashnow	Murmuri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wenhaston is a small village of 818 people (2001) situated to the south of the River Blyth in northeastern Suffolk, England.	Wenhaston	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allahabad-e Mostowfi (Persian: الله ابادمستوفي‎, also Romanized as Allāhābād-e Mostowfī; also known as Allāhābād) is a village in Borj-e Akram Rural District, in the Central District of Fahraj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Allahabad-e Mostowfi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upper Bush is a hamlet in the parish of Cuxton,in the unitary authority of Medway, in Kent, England.	Upper Bush	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North East Land Sea Air Museums, formerly the North East Aircraft Museum is a volunteer-run aviation museum situated on the site of the former RAF Usworth/Sunderland Airport, between Washington and Sunderland, England.	North East Aircraft Museum	Sunderland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cripple Creek & Victor Gold Mine, formerly and historically the Cresson Mine, is an active gold mine located near the town of Victor, in the Cripple Creek mining district in the US state of Colorado.	Cripple Creek & Victor Gold Mine	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eli and Edythe L. Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard (/ˈbroʊd/), often referred to as the Broad Institute, is a biomedical and genomic research center located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States.	Broad Institute	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harraseeket Historic District encompasses some of the oldest maritime village areas of the town of Freeport, Maine.	Harraseeket Historic District	Freeport
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Parker Valley is located along the Lower Colorado River within the Lower Colorado River Valley region, in southwestern Arizona and southeastern California.	Parker Valley	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	LFF Stadium (Lithuanian Football Federation stadium, Lithuanian: LFF stadionas), formerly known as Vėtra Stadium, is a football stadium in Vilnius, Lithuania.	LFF Stadium	Vilnius
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oldfields also known as Lilly House and Gardens, is a 26 acre historic estate and house museum on the grounds of the Indianapolis Museum of Art in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States.	Oldfields	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruyang County (Chinese: 汝阳县; pinyin: Rǔyáng Xiàn) is a county in the Henan province of central China, under the jurisdiction of the city of Luoyang.	Ruyang County	Luoyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château Woolsack or Château de Woolsack or The Woolsack is a former hunting lodge located in the commune of Mimizan in the department of Landes in the Aquitaine region of south-western France.	Château Woolsack	Mimizan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skibo Castle (Scottish Gaelic: Caisteal Sgìobail) is located to the west of Dornoch in the Highland county of Sutherland, Scotland overlooking the Dornoch Firth.	Skibo Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hopi Reservation, or simply Hopi, is a Native American reservation for the Hopi and Arizona Tewa people, surrounded entirely by the Navajo Nation, in Navajo and Coconino counties of Arizona, USA.	Hopi Reservation	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Loomis Chaffee School (LC or Loomis) is a college preparatory school for boarding and day students grades 9--12, including postgraduates, located in Windsor, Connecticut.	Loomis Chaffee School	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abiel Smith School, founded in 1835, is a school located at 46 Joy Street in Boston, Massachusetts, United States, adjacent to the African Meeting House.	Abiel Smith School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smętowice (smɛntɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Marienhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołbaskowo, within Police County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Smętowice	Gmina Kołbaskowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sanctuary of Atotonilco (Spanish: Santuario de Atotonilco (atotoˈnilko)) is a church complex and a World Heritage Site, designated along with nearby San Miguel de Allende, Guanajuato, Mexico.	Sanctuary of Atotonilco	San Miguel de Allende
located in the administrative territorial entity	Altario is a hamlet in east-central Alberta, Canada within Special Area No. 4.	Altario	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Selsdon Wood is a woodland area located in the London Borough of Croydon.	Selsdon Wood	London Borough of Croydon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vijayawada (Lok Sabha constituency) is one of the 25 Lok Sabha constituencies of Andhra Pradesh in India.	Vijayawada (Lok Sabha constituency)	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chłaniów (ˈxwaɲuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żółkiewka, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Chłaniów	Gmina Żółkiewka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The ONE is a shopping centre in Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong.	The ONE	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Le Touquet-Paris-Plage (pronounced: (lə tu.kɛː pa.ʁi plaʒ)), commonly referred to as Le Touquet, is a commune near Boulogne-sur-Mer, in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France.	Le Touquet	Pas-de-Calais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paprocin (paˈprɔt͡ɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sompolno, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Paprocin	Gmina Sompolno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Portgordon, or sometimes Port Gordon, (Scottish Gaelic: Port Ghòrdain) is a village in Moray, Scotland, 2 km south-west of Buckie.	Portgordon	Moray
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Branch River, a watercourse of the Great Lakes system, is located in the Mid North Coast and Upper Hunter regions of New South Wales, Australia.	The Branch River	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marshall Army Airfield (MAAF) (IATA: FRI, ICAO: KFRI) is a military airfield located on Fort Riley, Kansas.	Marshall Army Airfield	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Verneukpan is a widespread dry salt pan south of Kenhardt, between Swartkop and Diemansput in the Northern Cape, South Africa.	Verneukpan	Kenhardt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheppanool is a small village in the Panchayat of Kurumathur, in Kannur district in the Indian state of Kerala In the area of Cheppanool there is a library and also a Reshan kada.Taliparamba taluk.	Cheppanool	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Michalinek (mixaˈlinɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Michalinek	Gmina Płońsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pulham Market and its sister village Pulham St Mary are situated approximately 9 miles (14.5 kilometres) north of Diss in Norfolk, England.	Pulham Market	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moracz (ˈmɔrat͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przybiernów, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Moracz	Gmina Przybiernów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Theresienwiese is an open space in the Munich borough of Ludwigsvorstadt-Isarvorstadt.	Theresienwiese	Munich
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nationaal beek- en esdorpenlandschap Drentsche Aa is a national park located in the Dutch province of Drenthe on the west side of the Hondsrug.	Nationaal beek- en esdorpenlandschap Drentsche Aa	Drenthe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Now-e Derakhti (Persian: ده نودرختي‎, also Romanized as Deh Now-e Derakhtī and Deh Now Derakhtī; also known as Deh Now and Deh Now-e Vakīlābād) is a village in Posht Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh Now-e Derakhti	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Sardi (Persian: ده ساردي‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Sārdī; also known as Darsārdi and Dasārdi) is a village in Khenaman Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Sardi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zabiele-Pikuły (zaˈbjɛlɛ piˈkuwɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Zabiele-Pikuły	Gmina Boguty-Pianki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miłoradzice (miwɔraˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ) (German: Mühlrädlitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubin, within Lubin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Miłoradzice	Gmina Lubin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stinking River is a short tributary of the Banister River in southern Virginia in the United States.	Stinking River	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Metro Central Heights is a group of residential buildings in the London Borough of Southwark.	Metro Central Heights	London Borough of Southwark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh-ye Ati (Persian: بنه عاطي‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye ``Āţī; also known as ``Āţī) is a village in Kheybar Rural District, Choghamish District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 182, in 33 families.	Boneh-ye Ati	Kheybar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moja Wola (ˈmɔja ˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośnie, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Moja Wola	Gmina Sośnie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fengmuqiao Township (simplified Chinese: 枫木桥乡; traditional Chinese: 楓木橋鄉; pinyin: Fēngmùqiáo Xiāng) is a rural township in Ningxiang County, Changsha City, Hunan Province, China.	Fengmuqiao Township	Ningxiang County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waen is a sparsely populated community in the Vale of Clwyd, in the Welsh county of Denbighshire.	Waen	Denbighshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boqeh-ye Do (Persian: بقعه دو‎, also Romanized as Boq``eh-ye Do) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 146, in 24 families.	Boqeh-ye Do	Soltanabad Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palmer Home is a historic home for the aged located at Dover, Kent County, Delaware.	Palmer Home	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mystic Dunes Golf Club is a resort style golf course in Celebration, Florida designed by Gary Koch.	Mystic Dunes Golf Club	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toynton St Peter is a village and civil parish in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England, approximately 2 miles (3 km) south from the town of Spilsby.	Toynton St Peter	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adambakkam is a neighbourhood in Chennai, a city located on the east coast of South India.	Adambakkam	Chennai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Searles Valley is a valley in the northern Mojave Desert of California, with the northern half in Inyo County and the southern half in San Bernardino County, California, United States.	Searles Valley	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Queens Gateway to Health Sciences Secondary School is a school in the borough of Queens, New York which places emphasis on the health sciences.	Queens Gateway to Health Sciences Secondary School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Brett is located in the Massive Range of Alberta, Canada	Mount Brett	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Back Creek Presbyterian Church and Cemetery is a historic Presbyterian church and cemetery in Mount Ulla, North Carolina currently affiliated with the Presbyterian Church in America (PCA).	Back Creek Presbyterian Church and Cemetery	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prestonwood Baptist Church, in Plano, Texas, is one of the largest and fastest-growing megachurches in North America according to a 2012 Outreach Magazine survey.	Prestonwood Baptist Church	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mandanak (Persian: مندانك‎, also Romanized as Mandānak) is a village in Abali Rural District, Rudehen District, Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Mandanak	Abali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stokes County Courthouse in Danbury, North Carolina was designed by Wheeler & Runge in Classical Revival and Beaux Arts styles.	Stokes County Courthouse	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kierpnik (ˈkʲɛrpnik) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mirosławiec, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kierpnik	Gmina Mirosławiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Khadar (Persian: ده خدر‎) is a village in Gevar Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Khadar	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cedartown High School (also known as the Cedartown Bulldogs or CHS) is the only high school in Cedartown, Georgia.	Cedartown High School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	MacDougall Hospital was a U.S. Army military hospital located at Fort Schuyler in New York City before and during the American Civil War.	MacDougall Hospital	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bengar Kola (Persian: بنگركلا‎, also Romanized as Bengar Kolā) is a village in Gatab-e Shomali Rural District, Gatab District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bengar Kola	Gatab-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gideon Wickersham Farmstead, also known as ``Hame's Best,'' is a historic home located near Kennett Square, East Marlborough Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania.	Gideon Wickersham Farmstead	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vrljaj (Cyrillic: Врљај) is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vrljaj	Donji Vakuf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagatele (baɡaˈtɛlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsewo, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bagatele	Gmina Wąsewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Punahou Circle apartments is a 12-story apartment building at 1617 S. Beretania Street in the Makiki neighborhood of Honolulu, Hawaii.	Punahou Circle apartments	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	Evangeline Downs Racetrack & Casino is a racetrack in St. Landry Parish, Louisiana, just east of Opelousas.	Evangeline Downs	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarapady is a small village in Karnataka State, India on the banks of the Nethravathi river in the Bantwal taluk, Dakshina Kannada District.	Sarapady	Karnataka	Dakshina Kannada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mikailabad (Persian: ميكاييل اباد‎, also Romanized as Mīkā’īlābād; also known as Maghlehveh, Maglava, Mekā’īlābād, and Miglyava) is a village in Sanjabad-e Jonubi Rural District, Firuz District, Kowsar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Mikailabad	Sanjabad-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lac Qui Parle County Courthouse, located at 600 6th Street in Madison, Lac Qui Parle County in the U.S. state of Minnesota is a Richardsonian Romanesque style building featuring a high central tower, built in 1899 at a cost of $30,689.	Lac Qui Parle County Courthouse	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buttrills is a northwestern-central district of Barry in the Vale of Glamorgan, in south Wales.	Buttrills	Vale of Glamorgan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bearsted (/ˈbɛərstɛd/ BAIR-sted or traditionally /ˈbərstɛd/ BER-sted) is a village and civil parish with railway station in mid-Kent, two miles (3.2 km) east of Maidstone town centre.	Bearsted	Maidstone
located in the administrative territorial entity	CFJW-FM is an emergency alert radio station that operates at 93.7 FM in Chapleau, Ontario, Canada.	CFJW-FM	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niagara Falls International Airport (IATA: IAG, ICAO: KIAG, FAA LID: IAG) is 4 mi (6.4 km) east of downtown Niagara Falls, in Niagara County, New York.	Niagara Falls International Airport	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pludwiny (pludˈvinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryków, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Pludwiny	Gmina Stryków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mokalsar is a village in Siwana tehsil of Barmer district in Indian state of Rajasthan, located on RJ SH 38.	Mokalsar	Barmer district	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marine Corps Logistics Base Barstow is a United States Marine Corps supply and maintenance installation located in the Mojave Desert east of Barstow, in San Bernardino County, Southern California.	Marine Corps Logistics Base Barstow	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baltimore Hebrew Congregation Synagogue, now known as Berea Temple Seventh Day Adventist Church, is a historic synagogue building located in the Madison Park neighborhood of Baltimore, Maryland, United States.	Baltimore Hebrew Congregation Synagogue	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sanasar (सानासर) is the name given to the two small villages of Sana and Sar in Jammu province, Jammu and Kashmir state, India.	Sanasar	Jammu and Kashmir
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hazelwood Central High School is located at 15875 New Halls Ferry Road in unincorporated St. Louis County, adjacent to the current northeast boundary of Florissant, Missouri.	Hazelwood Central High School	St. Louis County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big South Fork Airpark is a privately owned airpark (also known as a fly-in community) located in Oneida, a town in Scott County, Tennessee, United States.	Big South Fork Airpark	Scott County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Santa Barbara Public Library is the second library in Santa Barbara, California.	Santa Barbara Public Library	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grainger Town is the historic heart of Newcastle upon Tyne, England.	Grainger Town	Newcastle upon Tyne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lekhnath (Nepali: लेखनाथ नगरपालिका) is a municipality in Kaski District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal.	Lekhnath	Kaski District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Union County Academy for Allied Health Sciences (UCAAHS) is a full-time Vocational public high school, located in Scotch Plains, in Union County, New Jersey, United States.	Union County Academy for Allied Health Sciences	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dragon Swamp, also known as Dragon Run, is a 36.7-mile-long (59.1 km) stream in the U.S. state of Virginia, flowing through King and Queen, Essex, Middlesex, and Gloucester counties.	Dragon Swamp	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palazzo Labia is a baroque palace in Venice, Italy.	Palazzo Labia	Venice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Målselv (Northern Sami: Málatvuomi suohkan) is a municipality in Troms county, Norway.	Målselv	Troms
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hesar-e Yazdan (Persian: حصاريزدان‎, also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Yazdān and Ḩeşār Yazdān) is a village in Roqicheh Rural District, Kadkan District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hesar-e Yazdan	Roqicheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dhapasi is an upcoming and a residentially preferred village in the northern outskirts of Kathmandu District, just outside the city ring road, in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal.	Dhapasi	Kathmandu District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piotrówko (pjɔˈtrufkɔ) (German: Petersberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budry, within Węgorzewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Piotrówko	Gmina Budry
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 1890 Windermere School (also known as the Armstrong-Parramore House) is a historic school in Windermere, Florida, United States.	1890 Windermere School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardens Historic District is a national historic district which encompasses the three villages of Arden, Ardentown and Ardencroft, New Castle County, Delaware.	Ardens Historic District	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Gerow Chong (Persian: دره گروچنگ‎; also known as 'Darreh Gerow) is a village in Ludab Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Darreh Gerow Chong	Ludab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Amran (Persian: پيرعمران‎, also Romanized as Pīr ``Amrān) is a village in Mir Deh Rural District, in the Central District of Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 562, in 84 families.	Pir Amran	Mir Deh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Dozduiyeh (Persian: اب دزدويه‎, also Romanized as Āb Dozdūīyeh; also known as Ābdūzak and Āb Dūzīyeh) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Ab Dozduiyeh	Jaydasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Politówka (pɔliˈtufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Politówka	Gmina Leśniowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Strasenburgh Planetarium is a public planetarium located at 663 East Avenue in the city of Rochester, New York.	Strasenburgh Planetarium	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Christ Church, Sparkbrook was a Church of England building in the Anglican Diocese of Birmingham.	Christ Church, Sparkbrook	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Codville Lagoon Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the southwest end of King Island.	Codville Lagoon Marine Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marsh Gibbon is a village and civil parish in Aylesbury Vale district in Buckinghamshire, England.	Marsh Gibbon	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prądzona (prɔnˈd͡zɔna) (Kashubian: Prãdzonô) is a village in Gmina Lipnica, Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Prądzona	Gmina Lipnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Botikarlapadu is a small village near Atmakur, Nellore, Nellore district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Botikarlapadu	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niharwani (Marathi: निहारवाणी) is a village in Mouda tahsil of Nagpur District of Maharashtra, India.	Niharwani	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pa Nai (Thai: ป่าไหน่) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Phrao District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Pa Nai	Phrao
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whittaker Memorial Cemetery is a cemetery near Kildare, Texas.	Whittaker Memorial Cemetery	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alto de la Alianza is a historical monument and landmark in the south of Peru, near the city of Tacna, where a crucial battle on May 26, 1880 took place.	Alto de la Alianza	Tacna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bridgeton High School is a comprehensive community public high school that serves students in ninth through twelfth grades from the city of Bridgeton, in Cumberland County, New Jersey, United States, operating as part of the Bridgeton Public Schools, an Abbott District.	Bridgeton High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vishka Nanak (Persian: ويشكاننك‎, also Romanized as Vīshkā Nanak; also known as Veshekha and Vīshkā) is a village in Sangar Rural District, Sangar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Vishka Nanak	Sangar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Brides Netherwent (Welsh: Sant-y-brid) is a parish and largely deserted village in Monmouthshire, south east Wales.	St. Brides Netherwent	Monmouthshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baggy Point is a headland in north Devon, England.	Baggy Point	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cochrane railway station is located in the town of Cochrane in Ontario.	Cochrane railway station	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pope John Paul II Park Reservation, also known as Pope Park, is a 66-acre (27 ha) Massachusetts state park bordering the Neponset River in the Dorchester section of Boston.	Pope John Paul II Park Reservation	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Admirals Beach is a rural community located in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Admirals Beach	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Scarborough Hospital (TSH) is a hospital network based in Scarborough, Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	The Scarborough Hospital	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wattens is a market town of the Innsbruck-Land District in the Austrian state of Tyrol.	Wattens	Innsbruck-Land District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arcangues (Basque: Arrangoitze) is a French commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of southwestern France in what was formerly the Basque province of Labourd.	Arcangues	Pyrénées-Atlantiques
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowd-e Patani (Persian: گودپتني‎, also Romanized as Gowd-e Patanī; also known as Gowd-e Padanī) is a village in Dasht-e Khak Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gowd-e Patani	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Windsor Castle is a royal residence at Windsor in the English county of Berkshire.	Windsor Castle	Berkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Humbie is a hamlet and rural parish in East Lothian, Scotland.	Humbie	East Lothian
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aldgate was the eastern-most gateway through the London Wall leading from the City of London to Whitechapel and the East End of London.	Aldgate	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buffalo Harbor South Entrance Light, also known as the South Buffalo Southside Light or Buffalo South Breakwater, South Entrance Light Station, is a lighthouse at Stony Point at the entrance to Buffalo Harbor, Buffalo, New York.	Buffalo Harbor South Entrance Light	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bogunów (bɔˈɡunuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żórawina, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Bogunów	Gmina Żórawina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zachary Taylor National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located at 4701 Brownsboro Road (US-42), in Louisville, Kentucky.	Zachary Taylor National Cemetery	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Porcupine Mountains, or Porkies, are a group of small mountains spanning the northwestern Upper Peninsula of Michigan in Ontonagon and Gogebic counties, near the shore of Lake Superior.	Porcupine Mountains	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kociałkowa Górka (kɔt͡ɕau̯ˈkɔva ˈɡurka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pobiedziska, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kociałkowa Górka	Gmina Pobiedziska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hyde School is a historic Romanesque Revival school at 100 High Street in Lee, Massachusetts.	Hyde School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	KHKA (1500 AM) is a radio station located in Honolulu, Hawaii.	KHKA	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	York Redoubt is a redoubt situated on a bluff overlooking the entrance to Halifax Harbour at Ferguson's Cove, Nova Scotia, Canada, originally constructed in 1793.	York Redoubt	Halifax
located in the administrative territorial entity	Long Khánh is a district-level town of Đồng Nai Province in the Southeast region of Vietnam.	Long Khánh	Đồng Nai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piyaro Lund is a town and union council of Tando Allahyar District in the Sindh Province of Pakistan, it has a population of 23,613.	Piyaro Lund	Tando Allahyar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weilheim in Oberbayern (German: Weilheim in Oberbayern) is a town in Germany, the capital of the district Weilheim-Schongau in the south of Bavaria.	Weilheim in Oberbayern	Weilheim-Schongau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Musevo (Bulgarian: Мусево) is a village in Ardino Municipality, Kardzhali Province, southern-central Bulgaria.	Musevo	Ardino Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loudoun Mansion is a historic house located in the Germantown neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Loudoun Mansion	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Bodagh (Persian: پيربداغ‎, also Romanized as Pīr Bodāgh ; also known as Pīr Bodāq and Pīr Bolāgh) is a village in Sanjabad-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kowsar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Pir Bodagh	Sanjabad-e Gharbi Rural District	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loysburg Gap is a water gap where Pennsylvania Route 36 and the Yellow Creek pass through Tussey Mountain in near Loysburg in Bedford County, Pennsylvania, United States.	Loysburg Gap	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chośnica (xɔɕˈnit͡sa) (Kashubian: Chòsznica) is a village in Gmina Parchowo, Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Chośnica	Gmina Parchowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rakeh Owlad (Persian: راكه اولاد‎, also Romanized as Rākeh Owlād; also known as Rākeh) is a village in Dehdez Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Rakeh Owlad	Dehdez Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lookaway Hall, built from 1895 to 1898, is an Aiken, South Carolina landmark.	Lookaway Hall	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chisholm High School (founded in 1973) is the second largest high school in Enid, Oklahoma, and is located in the northern part of the city.	Chisholm High School	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naras (Persian: نرس‎; also known as Bālā Naras) is a village in Do Hezar Rural District, Khorramabad District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Naras	Do Hezar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riquewihr (German: Reichenweier ) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Riquewihr	Haut-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southaven Towne Center is an open-air regional lifestyle center located in Southaven, Mississippi.	Southaven Towne Center	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Patrick Henry Hotel is a Colonial Revival former hotel listed on both the National Register of Historic Places and the Virginia Landmarks Register in Downtown Roanoke, Virginia, United States.	Patrick Henry Hotel	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shalikesh Amirqoli (Persian: شاليكش اميرقلي‎, also Romanized as Shālīkesh Amīrqolī) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Shalikesh Amirqoli	Sajjadrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amersfoort (ˈaːmərsfoːrt) is a municipality and the second largest city of the province of Utrecht in central Netherlands.	Amersfoort	Utrecht
located in the administrative territorial entity	KDES-FM 98.5 is a radio station in the Palm Springs area and the Coachella Valley of Southern California.	KDES-FM	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gettysburg Regional Airport (IATA: GTY, FAA LID: W05), formerly known as the Gettysburg Airport and Travel Center and as Doersom Airport, is a general aviation airport located two miles (4 km) west of the Gettysburg, in Adams County, Pennsylvania, USA.	Gettysburg Regional Airport	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toolinna Cove is a cove on the south coast of Western Australia.	Toolinna Cove	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fritz Pflaum Hut (German: Fritz-Pflaum-Hütte) is an Alpine club hut belonging to the Bayerland Section of the German Alpine Club, located in the Kaisergebirge mountains in the Austrian federal state of Tyrol.	Fritz Pflaum Hut	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baghleq (Persian: باغلق‎, also Romanized as Bāghleq, Bāqlaq, and Bāqleq) is a village in Jargalan Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Baghleq	Jargalan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lenox District No. 4 Schoolhouse, now known as Lincoln Town Hall, is a historic school building located at Clockville in Madison County, New York.	Lenox District No. 4 Schoolhouse	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Montbillon is a château in Saint-Sornin in the Allier départment in the Auvergne region of France.	Château de Montbillon	Saint-Sornin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The German Hygiene Museum (German: Deutsches Hygiene-Museum) is a medical museum in Dresden, Germany.	German Hygiene Museum	Dresden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gnatowice (ɡnatɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniusza, within Proszowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Gnatowice	Gmina Koniusza
manufacturer	The VAZ-2103 is a deluxe compact sedan car (small class, passenger car, model 3 in Soviet classification), produced by AvtoVAZ and introduced in 1972.	VAZ-2103	AvtoVAZ
member of political party	Allan Benny (July 12, 1867, Brooklyn, New York -- November 6, 1942, Bayonne, New Jersey) was an American Democratic Party politician from New Jersey who represented the 9th congressional district from 1903 to 1905.	Allan Benny	Democratic Party
military branch	The 107th Regiment of Foot (Queen's Own Royal Regiment of British Volunteers) was an infantry regiment of the British Army from 1761 to 1763.	107th Regiment of Foot (Queen's Own Royal Regiment of British Volunteers)	British Army
military branch	Kevin J. Jacobsen (born January 29, 1958) is a United States Air Force Brigadier General who served as the Commander of the Office of Special Investigations, also known as AFOSI at HQ AFOSI located at the Russell Knox Building in Virginia.	Kevin J. Jacobsen	United States Air Force
military branch	Eugene A. Greene (1921--1942) was a United States Navy officer who received the Navy Cross posthumously for his actions in the Battle of Midway during World War II.	Eugene A. Greene	United States Navy
military branch	Forrest S. McCartney (March 23, 1931 -- July 17, 2012) was a United States Air Force lieutenant general and former director of NASA's John F. Kennedy Space Center.	Forrest S. McCartney	United States Air Force
military branch	Green Berry Raum (December 3, 1829 -- December 18, 1909) was a lawyer, author, and U.S. Representative from Illinois, as well as a brigadier general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	Green Berry Raum	Union Army
military branch	Vernon Huber (August 28, 1899 -- June 17, 1967) was a United States Navy Rear admiral, and the 36th Governor of American Samoa from April 22, 1947 to June 15, 1949.	Vernon Huber	United States Navy
military branch	Brigadier-General John Frederick Hepburn-Stuart-Forbes-Trefusis DSO (14 January 1878 -- 24 October 1915), known as 'Jack Tre', was a British Army officer in World War I. At the time of his death he was the youngest Brigadier-General in the British Army.	John Frederick Hepburn-Stuart-Forbes-Trefusis	British Army
military branch	Walter P. Paluch, Jr. (April 20, 1927 -- March 10, 2011) was a former Brigadier General in the United States Air Force.	Walter P. Paluch, Jr.	United States Air Force
military branch	Frank Craig Pandolfe is a Vice Admiral in the United States Navy, and currently serves as the Director, Strategic Plans and Policy, J-5, the Joint Staff.	Frank Craig Pandolfe	United States Navy
military branch	Frank Friday Fletcher (November 23, 1855 -- November 28, 1928) was a United States Navy admiral who served in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	Frank Friday Fletcher	United States Navy
military branch	Field Marshal Henry Maitland Wilson, 1st Baron Wilson GCB, GBE, DSO (5 September 1881 -- 31 December 1964), also known as ``Jumbo'' Wilson, was a senior British Army officer of the 20th century.	Henry Maitland Wilson	British Army
military branch	The 79th Light Anti-Aircraft Battery, also known as ``The Sparrows'', was a Royal Artillery unit of the British Army that fought with distinction in the Battle of Britain, the Battle of Java, and the Battle of Timor.	79th Light Anti-Aircraft Battery	British Army
military branch	Air Commodore Gordon Herbert Vasse CBE RAF, (23 April 1899 -- 26 March 1965), was a fighter pilot in the First World War and a senior Royal Air Force commander during the Second World War and into the late 1940s and early 1950s.	Gordon Herbert Vasse	Royal Air Force
military branch	Colonel Henry Allan Roughton May CB VD (23 August 1863 -- 10 April 1930) was a British Army officer who served as Commanding Officer (1912 and 1920) of the Artists Rifles.	Henry Allan Roughton May	British Army
military branch	Adolph Marix (April 24, 1848 -- 1919), was a German-born American officer in the United States Navy, who served in the Spanish--	Adolph Marix	United States Navy
military branch	Lieutenant-General Thomas Desaguliers FRS (1725?--1 March 1780) was a British Army general and a Colonel Commandant of the Royal Artillery.	Thomas Desaguliers	British Army
military branch	Admiral Sir Herbert Fitzherbert, KCIE, CB, CMG (10 August 1885 -- 30 October 1958) was a Royal Navy admiral who served as the third Flag Officer Commanding, Royal Indian Navy, from 1937 to 1943.	Herbert Fitzherbert	Royal Navy
military branch	Hunter Harris, Jr. (November 27, 1909 -- March 5, 1987) was a United States Air Force four-star general who served as Commander in Chief, Pacific Air Forces (CINCPACAF) from 1964 to 1967.	Hunter Harris, Jr.	United States Air Force
military branch	General Sir Henry Augustus Smyth (1825--1906), KCMG, FSA, FRGS, was a senior British Army officer.	Henry Augustus Smyth	British Army
military branch	Admiral of the Fleet Edward Hawke, 1st Baron Hawke KB, PC (21 February 1705 -- 16 October 1781) was a Royal Navy officer.	Edward Hawke, 1st Baron Hawke	Royal Navy
military branch	John Taylor Wood (August 13, 1830 -- July 19, 1904) was an officer in the United States Navy who resigned after the American Civil War started.	John Taylor Wood	United States Navy
military branch	Blake Luttrell is a 2007 graduate of the United States Air Force Academy from Nashville, TN.	Blake Luttrell	United States Air Force
military branch	Major Joseph Childs (1787--1870) was a British Royal Marines officer and penal administrator; he was commandant of the second convict settlement at Norfolk Island, from 7 February 1844 to August 1846.	Joseph Childs	Royal Marines
military branch	Rear-Admiral William O'Bryen Drury (died 6 March 1811) was a senior officer of the British Royal Navy during the Napoleonic Wars.	William O'Bryen Drury	Royal Navy
military branch	Strike Fighter Squadron 27 (VFA-27), also known as the ``Royal Maces'', are a United States Navy F/A-18E Super Hornet fighter squadron stationed at Naval Air Facility Atsugi.	VFA-27	United States Navy
military branch	Commander William Lewis Herndon (25 October 1813 -- 12 September 1857) was one of the United States Navy's outstanding explorers and seamen.	William Lewis Herndon	United States Navy
military branch	The 3rd Shock Army (Russian: Третья ударная армия) was a field army of the Red Army formed during the Second World War.	3rd Shock Army	Red Army
military branch	Rear-Admiral Sir John Hext, KCIE (14 October 1842 -- 8 May 1924) was a British Royal Navy officer and director of the Royal Indian Marine for 15 years.	John Hext	Royal Navy
military branch	John Kennedy Barton (April 7, 1853 -- December 23, 1921) was a Rear Admiral in the United States Navy in the late 19th century.	John Kennedy Barton	United States Navy
military branch	Augustus F. Gearhard (April 18, 1893 -- March 19, 1974) was a Brigadier General in the United States Air Force and a Roman Catholic priest.	Augustus F. Gearhard	United States Air Force
military branch	The Leeds Rifles was a unit of the 19th century Volunteer Force of the British Army that went on to serve under several different guises in the World Wars of the 20th century.	Leeds Rifles	British Army
military branch	Wilhelm Crinius (2 December 1920 -- 26 April 1997) was a German Luftwaffe fighter ace during World War II. A flying ace or fighter ace is a military aviator credited with shooting down five or more enemy aircraft during aerial combat.	Wilhelm Crinius	Luftwaffe
military branch	The Honourable William Henry Percy (24 March 1788 -- 5 October 1855, 8 Portman Square, London, at his eldest brother's home) was a British Royal Navy officer and politician.	William Henry Percy	Royal Navy
military branch	F 6 Karlsborg, Kungliga Västgöta Flygflottilj, Royal Västergötland Air Force Wing, or simply ``F 6'', is a former Swedish Air Force wing with the main base located near Karlsborg in south-central Sweden.	F 6 Karlsborg	Swedish Air Force
military branch	The Leicestershire Regiment (Royal Leicestershire Regiment after 1946) was a line infantry regiment of the British Army, with a history going back to 1688.	Royal Leicestershire Regiment	British Army
military branch	Brigadier-General George Baillie-Hamilton, Lord Binning, CB, MVO (24 December 1856 -- 12 January 1917) was a British Army officer; he was styled ``Lord Binning'' as a courtesy title.	George Baillie-Hamilton, Lord Binning	British Army
military branch	Sir Barrie Heath, DFC, AE (11 September 1916 -- 22 February 1988) was a World War II Royal Air Force Spitfire pilot who fought in the Battle of Britain, and was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross.	Barrie Heath	Royal Air Force
military branch	Brigadier-General Edward William David Baird CBE DL JP (1864 -- 8 August 1956), known as Ned Baird, was a cavalry officer the in the regular British Army and the reserve Territorial Force.	Ned Baird	British Army
military branch	Lieutenant-Colonel Francis Spring Walker CBE (6 January 1876 -- 24 June 1941) was a British Army officer.	Francis Spring Walker	British Army
military branch	Volant Vashon Ballard CB (bapt. 4 January 1774 -- 12 October 1832) was a Rear-Admiral of the Royal Navy.	Volant Vashon Ballard	Royal Navy
military branch	Reginald Frederick Johnson Hayward VC, MC & Bar (17 June 1891 -- 17 January 1978) was a British Army officer, and recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest military award for gallantry in the face of the enemy given to British and Commonwealth forces, during the First World War.	Reginald Frederick Johnson Hayward	British Army
military branch	Milton L. Knudson (1923--1942) was a United States Navy sailor who received the Navy and Marine Corps Medal posthumously for his actions during World War II.	Milton L. Knudson	United States Navy
military branch	Arthur Guy Empey (11 December 1883 -- 22 February 1963) was an American soldier in the British Army in World War 1, and an author, screenwriter, actor and movie producer.	Arthur Guy Empey	British Army
military branch	The Prince of Wales' Own Civil Service Rifles were an infantry regiment of the Volunteer Force and Territorial Force of the British Army from 1798 to 1921; they saw active service in the Boer War and World War I as part of the London Regiment.	Prince of Wales' Own Civil Service Rifles	British Army
military branch	The Royal Tank Regiment (RTR) is the oldest tank unit in the world, being formed by the British Army in 1916 during the Great War.	Royal Tank Regiment	British Army
military branch	Shuldham Peard (1761 -- 27 December 1832) was an officer of the Royal Navy.	Shuldham Peard	Royal Navy
military branch	Leland Evan Thomas (September 20, 1918 -- September 18, 1942) was a decorated United States Marine Corps Reserve pilot of World War II.	Leland Evan Thomas	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Charles Shoebridge worked in counter-terrorism with the British Army and the Metropolitan Police until he retired in 2000.	Charles Shoebridge	British Army
military branch	William Holburne (died 1 April 1760) (also known as William Holborne and William Holburn) was an officer of the Royal Navy.	William Holburne	Royal Navy
military branch	Lieutenant Ralph Clark (30 March 1755 or 1762 -- June 1794) was a British officer in the Royal Marines, best known for his diary spanning the early years of British settlement in Australia, including the voyage of the First Fleet.	Ralph Clark	Royal Marines
military branch	815 Naval Air Squadron is a squadron of the Fleet Air Arm, part of the Royal Navy.	815 Naval Air Squadron	Royal Navy
military branch	Vice-Admiral Berwick Curtis CB CMG DSO & Bar (9 October 1876 -- 9 May 1965) was a British Royal Navy officer.	Berwick Curtis	Royal Navy
military branch	Markus Krause-Traudes (born 27 December 1957) is a Flottillenadmiral (one-star admiral) of the German Navy, who has served as Deputy Chief of Staff, Operations, at the Multinational Joint Headquarters Ulm since April 2012.	Markus Krause-Traudes	German Navy
military branch	Johnston Blakeley also spelled Johnston Blakely (October 1781 - October 1814) was an officer in the United States Navy during the Quasi-War with France and the War of 1812.	Johnston Blakeley	United States Navy
mouth of the watercourse	The Omolon River (Russian: Омолон) is the principal tributary of the Kolyma River in northeast Siberia.	Omolon River	Kolyma River
mouth of the watercourse	The Brentella Canal originates from the Brenta River in Limena, where the flow is regulated by a hydraulic barrier (the ``Colmelloni''), and joins the Bacchiglione just before Padua's airport.	Bacchiglione	Brenta
mouth of the watercourse	Yarrow River rises below Mitchell Hill, on the slopes of the Great Dividing Range, near Glencoe and flows generally north east, before reaching its confluence with the Mann River, near Oakdale and east of Glen Innes.	Yarrow River	Mann River
mouth of the watercourse	The Kyll (German pronunciation: (ˈkɪl)), noted by the Roman poet Ausonius as Celbis, is a 142 km long river in western Germany (North Rhine-Westphalia and Rhineland-Palatinate), left tributary of the Moselle.	Kyll	Moselle
mouth of the watercourse	The Demerara River is a river in eastern Guyana that rises in the central rainforests of the country and flows to the north for 346 kilometres until it reaches the Atlantic Ocean.	Demerara River	Atlantic Ocean
mouth of the watercourse	Česma is a river in central Croatia, the left tributary of the river Lonja-Trebež.	Česma	Lonja
mouth of the watercourse	The Tarlo River rises within the Great Dividing Range, near the locality of Middle Arm east of Crookwell, and flows generally south southeast, north, and then east, joined by one minor tributary, before reaching its confluence with the Wollondilly River near Mount Penong, east of Taralga.	Tarlo River	Wollondilly River
mouth of the watercourse	The Elqui River starts in the west Andes, flowing into the Pacific Ocean, crossing the Chilean city of La Serena, is a wine and pisco producing area.	Elqui River	Pacific Ocean
mouth of the watercourse	The Beaurivage River is a river in Quebec that flows from Thetford Mines and empties in the Chaudière River, near Saint-Romuald, Quebec.	Beaurivage River	Chaudière River
mouth of the watercourse	The Heath River, which runs from the Andes surrounding Lake Titicaca northwards to the Madre de Dios River, marks the natural border between Peru and Bolivia.	Heath River	Madre de Dios River
mouth of the watercourse	Sukhyi Estuary, or Sukhyi Liman (Ukrainian: Сухий лиман - dried estuary), is on open estuary in the north-western Black Sea, near the cities of Odessa and Illichivsk, Ukraine.	Sukhyi Estuary	Black Sea
mouth of the watercourse	The Waitaki River is a large braided river that drains the Mackenzie Basin and runs some 110 kilometres (68 mi) south-east to enter the Pacific Ocean between Timaru and Oamaru on the east coast of the South Island of New Zealand.	Waitaki River	Pacific Ocean
mouth of the watercourse	The Moei River (Thai: แม่น้ำเมย, rtgs: Maenam Moei, IPA: (mɛ̂ːnáːm mɤːj)) is a tributary of the Salween River.	Moei River	Salween River
mouth of the watercourse	The Schipbeek is a tributary of the IJssel in the Netherlands and a continuation of the Buurserbeek.	Schipbeek	IJssel
mouth of the watercourse	The Ljubljanica rises south of the town of Vrhnika and outflows in the Sava River about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) downstream from Ljubljana.	Ljubljanica	Sava
mouth of the watercourse	Downstream from the Rodríguez Dam water flows through Tijuana in a concrete channel to the international border, there it continues west through the Tijuana River Valley for a distance of about nine miles to the estuary and then to the Pacific Ocean.	Tijuana River	Pacific Ocean
mouth of the watercourse	The Alabama River has three lock and dams between Montgomery and the Mobile River.	Alabama River	Mobile River
mouth of the watercourse	The Moche River is one of the rivers of the Pacific Ocean slope, located in the northern coast of Peru, in La Libertad Region.	Moche River	Pacific Ocean
mouth of the watercourse	The Yakima River is a tributary of the Columbia River in south central and eastern Washington state, named for the indigenous Yakama people.	Yakima River	Columbia River
mouth of the watercourse	The Besbre is a river in central France, left tributary of the river Loire.	Besbre	Loire
mouth of the watercourse	Pocomoke Sound is a bay of the Chesapeake Bay that forms part of the boundary between the Eastern Shores of Maryland and Virginia.	Pocomoke Sound	Chesapeake Bay
mouth of the watercourse	The Ballyfinboy River rises close to Moneygall in County Offaly, Ireland and flows in a generally northwesterly direction into Lough Derg at Drominagh.	Ballyfinboy River	Lough Derg
mouth of the watercourse	The Soła (Polish: (ˈsɔwa)) is a river in southern Poland, a right tributary of the Vistula.	Soła	Vistula
mouth of the watercourse	At the exit of the ``Hinterau Valley'' the Gleirschbach merges with the Isar.	Gleirschbach	Isar
mouth of the watercourse	The Pranburi River originates in southern part of the Kaeng Krachan National Park in the Tenasserim Hills and after 130 kilometres (81 mi) empties into the Gulf of Thailand.	Pranburi River	Gulf of Thailand
mouth of the watercourse	The Aigues, Aigue, Aygues or Eygues is a French river, a tributary of the Rhône.	Aigues	Rhône
mouth of the watercourse	The Jooriland River rises in Bindook Highlands on the eastern slopes of the Great Dividing Range below Mount Egan west of the Yerranderie State Conservation Area, and flows in a meandering course generally east, joined by one minor tributary, before reaching its confluence with the Wollondilly River west of the Nattai Tableland upstream of Lake Burragorang.	Jooriland River	Wollondilly River
named after	The Angora rabbit (Turkish: Ankara tavşanı) is a variety of domestic rabbit bred for its long, soft wool.	Angora rabbit	Ankara
named after	The Clark cell, invented by English engineer Josiah Latimer Clark in 1873, is a wet-chemical cell (colloquially: battery) that produces a highly stable voltage.	Clark cell	Josiah Latimer Clark
named after	Loire-Atlantique (French pronunciation: ​(lwa.ʁat.lɑ̃.tik); formerly Loire-Inférieure) is a department on the west coast of France named after the Loire River and the Atlantic Ocean.	Loire-Atlantique	Atlantic Ocean
named after	To avoid the appearance of nepotism as the nephew of Francis Ford Coppola, he changed his name early in his career to Nicolas Cage, inspired in part by the Marvel Comics superhero Luke Cage.	Nicolas Cage	Luke Cage
named after	The International Gandhi Peace Prize, named after Mahatma Gandhi, is awarded annually by the Government of India.	Gandhi Peace Prize	Mahatma Gandhi
named after	Lac de Lessoc is a reservoir on the Saane/Sarine river between Lessoc and Montbovon in the Canton of Fribourg, Switzerland.	Lac de Lessoc	Montbovon
named after	In mathematics, a Killing vector field (often just Killing field), named after Wilhelm Killing, is a vector field on a Riemannian manifold (or pseudo-Riemannian manifold) that preserves the metric.	Killing vector field	Wilhelm Killing
named after	The Rosenhan experiment was a famous experiment done in order to determine the validity of psychiatric diagnosis, conducted by psychologist David Rosenhan (November 22, 1929 -- February 6, 2012), a Stanford University professor, and published by the journal Science in 1973 under the title ``On being sane in insane places''.	Rosenhan experiment	David Rosenhan
named after	The Li Ka Shing Foundation (李嘉誠基金會) is a Hong Kong-based charitable organization founded in 1980 by Hong Kong entrepreneur Li Ka-shing.	Li Ka Shing Foundation	Li Ka-shing
named after	The name Mecanoo is a combination of three different words: the British model construction kit Meccano, the neoplasticist magazine Mécano drawn up by Theo van Doesburg and the motto 'Ozoo', adopted by the original founding members for the Kruisplein competition entry which was located in the area of Rotterdam's former zoo.	Mecanoo	Meccano
named after	Menelaus' theorem, named for Menelaus of Alexandria, is a theorem about triangles in plane geometry.	Menelaus' theorem	Menelaus of Alexandria
named after	Hamburg-Köln-Express GmbH (HKX) is a Cologne-based open-access train operating company providing long-distance railway passenger services in Germany.	Hamburg-Köln-Express	Cologne
named after	The Ulbricht Doctrine, named after East German leader Walter Ulbricht, was the assertion that normal diplomatic relations between East Germany and West Germany could occur only if both states fully recognised each other's sovereignty.	Ulbricht Doctrine	Walter Ulbricht
named after	The 9K35 Strela-10 (Russian: 9К35 ``Стрела-10''; English: arrow) is a highly mobile, visually aimed, optical/infrared-guided, low-altitude, short-range surface-to-air missile system.	9K35 Strela-10	arrow
named after	Playfairite is a very rare sulfosalt mineral with chemical formula Pb16Sb18S43 in the monoclinic crystal system, named after the Scottish scientist and mathematician John Playfair.	Playfairite	John Playfair
named after	Riesz spaces are named after Frigyes Riesz who first defined them in his 1928 paper Sur la décomposition des opérations fonctionelles linéaires.	Riesz space	Frigyes Riesz
named after	Alatri Cathedral, otherwise the Basilica of Saint Paul (Italian: Duomo di Alatri; Basilica concattedrale di San Paolo apostolo) is the principal church (duomo) of Alatri, Lazio, Italy, dedicated to Saint Paul.	Alatri Cathedral	Paul
named after	Thomsen's theorem, named after Gerhard Thomsen, is a theorem in elementary geometry.	Thomsen's theorem	Gerhard Thomsen
named after	WBUR-FM (90.9 FM) is a public radio station located in Boston, Massachusetts, owned by Boston University.	WBUR-FM	Boston University
named after	Djurleite was named for the Swedish chemist Seved Djurle (1928--2000), from the University of Uppsala, Sweden, who first synthesized the mineral in 1958, prior to its discovery in nature.	Djurleite	Seved Djurle
named after	The Buffett Rule is named after American investor Warren Buffett, who publicly stated in early 2011 that he believed it was wrong that rich people, like himself, could pay less in federal taxes, as a portion of income, than the middle class, and voiced support for increased income taxes on the wealthy.	Buffett Rule	Warren Buffett
named after	A Hilbert curve (also known as a Hilbert space-filling curve) is a continuous fractal space-filling curve first described by the German mathematician David Hilbert in 1891, as a variant of the space-filling Peano curves discovered by Giuseppe Peano in 1890.	Hilbert curve	David Hilbert
named after	Thatcherism describes the conviction politics, economic, social policy, and political style of the British Conservative politician Margaret Thatcher, who was leader of her party from 1975 to 1990.	Thatcherism	Margaret Thatcher
named after	The Kaplan Foundation is a foundation dedicated to the scholarship and preservation of the music of Gustav Mahler set up by amateur conductor and businessman Gilbert Kaplan.	Kaplan Foundation	Gilbert Kaplan
named after	In Lie theory and representation theory, the Levi decomposition, conjectured by Killing and Cartan and proved by Eugenio Elia Levi (1905), states that any finite-dimensional real Lie algebra g is the semidirect product of a solvable ideal and a semisimple subalgebra.	Levi decomposition	Eugenio Elia Levi
named after	The Clara database is a database named after Clara Peeters that is operated by the National Museum of Women in the Arts.	Clara database	Clara Peeters
named after	Tiffany Blue is the colloquial name for the light medium robin egg blue color associated with Tiffany & Co., the New York City jewelry company.	Tiffany Blue	Tiffany & Co.
named after	Nova Friburgo (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈnɔvɐ fɾiˈbuʁɡu), German: Neufreiburg, English: New Fribourg) is a municipality in the state of Rio de Janeiro in southeastern Brazil.	Nova Friburgo	Fribourg
named after	The Bemaraha woolly lemur (Avahi cleesei), also known as Cleese's woolly lemur, is a species of woolly lemur native to western Madagascar, named after John Cleese.	Bemaraha woolly lemur	John Cleese
named after	In mathematics, an Adams operation, denoted ψk for natural numbers k, is a cohomology operation in topological K-theory, or any allied operation in algebraic K-theory or other types of algebraic construction, defined on a pattern introduced by Frank Adams.	Adams operation	Frank Adams
named after	The Thompson shell is the first Unix shell, introduced in the first version of Unix in 1971, and was written by Ken Thompson.	Thompson shell	Ken Thompson
named after	The band called themselves Rammstein-Flugschau (Rammstein Airshow) after the 1988 Ramstein air show disaster.	Rammstein	Ramstein air show disaster
named after	A Rogowski coil, named after Walter Rogowski, is an electrical device for measuring alternating current (AC) or high speed current pulses.	Rogowski coil	Walter Rogowski
named after	The originally anonymous area became Széll Kálmán tér (Széll Kálmán Square) in 1929, named after the Hungarian prime minister Kálmán Széll.	Széll Kálmán tér	Kálmán Széll
named after	The Berwick Prize and Senior Berwick Prize are two prizes of the London Mathematical Society awarded in alternating years in memory of William Edward Hodgson Berwick, a previous Vice-President of the LMS.	Berwick Prize	William Edward Hodgson Berwick
narrative location	Dancing Lion is a 2007 Hong Kong comedy film directed by and starring Francis Ng.	Dancing Lion	Hong Kong
native language	Katarina Barley (* 19. November 1968 in Cologne) is a German lawyer, politician and member of the 18th German Bundestag.	Katarina Barley	German
native language	Cees Nooteboom (Dutch pronunciation: (seːs noːtəboːm); born 31 July 1933) is a Dutch novelist, poet, and journalist.	Cees Nooteboom	Dutch
native language	Henry Gréville (12 October 1842 in Paris -- 1902), pen name for Mrs. Alice Durand, born Fleury, was a French writer.	Henry Gréville	French
native language	Otto Bernhardt (born 13 February 1942 in Rendsburg) is a German politician of the CDU.	Otto Bernhardt	German
native language	Paul Éluard (French pronunciation: ​(elɥar)), born Eugène Émile Paul Grindel ((ɡʁɛ̃dɛl); 14 December 1895 -- 18 November 1952), was a French poet and one of the founders of the surrealist movement.	Paul Éluard	French
native language	André Damien (born 10 July 1930 at Paris) is an eminent lawyer and politician, who was formerly head of the French Bar Association.	André Damien	French
native language	Bernard Carayon (born 1 October 1957) was a member of the French parliament.	Bernard Carayon	French
native language	Mathurin Régnier (December 21, 1573 -- October 22, 1613) was a French satirist.	Mathurin Régnier	French
native language	Jacques Chaban-Delmas (; 7 March 1915 -- 10 November 2000) was a French Gaullist politician.	Jacques Chaban-Delmas	French
native language	Pierre Corneille (; 6 June 1606 -- 1 October 1684) was a French tragedian.	Pierre Corneille	French
native language	Yvon Delbos (7 May 1885 -- 15 November 1956) was a French Radical-Socialist Party politician and minister.	Yvon Delbos	French
native language	Jacques Élie Henri Ambroise Ner (7 December 1861 -- February 6, 1938), also known by the pseudonym Han Ryner, was a French individualist anarchist philosopher and activist and a novelist.	Han Ryner	French
native language	Abbé François Blanchet (26 January 1707 -- 29 January 1784) was a French littérateur, or Intellectual.	Abbé François Blanchet	French
native language	Jacques Marie Boutet (25 March 1745 -- 13 February 1812) was a French actor and comic dramatist from Lunéville.	Jacques Marie Boutet	French
native language	Paracelsus (/ˌpærəˈsɛlsəs/; late 1493 -- September 24, 1541), born Philippus Aureolus Theophrastus Bombastus von Hohenheim, was a Swiss German philosopher, physician, botanist, astrologer, and general occultist.	Paracelsus	German
native language	Robert Lehr (20 August 1883 in Celle -- 13 October 1956 in Düsseldorf) was a German politician (DNVP, CDU).	Robert Lehr	German
native language	Paul Andréota (born 11 December 1917 in La Rochelle, France - died 14 November 2007 in La Rochelle, France) was a French novelist and screenwriter.	Paul Andréota	French
native language	Edurne García Almagro (Spanish pronunciation: (eˈðurne); born 22 December 1985), known professionally as Edurne, is a Spanish singer, actress, and TV presenter.	Edurne	Spanish
native language	François-Jean-Hyacinthe Feutrier (3 April 1785 -- 27 June 1830) was a French Catholic priest who became Bishop of Beauvais.	François-Jean-Hyacinthe Feutrier	French
native language	Rambhadracharya can speak 22 languages and is a spontaneous poet and writer in Sanskrit, Hindi, Awadhi, Maithili, and several other languages.	Rambhadracharya	Hindi
native language	Violette Leduc (7 April 1907 -- 28 May 1972) was a French author.	Violette Leduc	French
native language	Pierre Minet (Reims 1909-- Paris 1975) was a French poet and writer, whose early career is closely associated to the ``Grand Jeu'' movement and to his devotion to Roger Gilbert-Lecomte.	Pierre Minet	French
native language	Alain Richard, born on 29 August 1945, in Paris, is a French politician.	Alain Richard	French
native language	Adrienne Lecouvreur (5 April 1692 -- 20 March 1730) was a French actress, considered by many as the greatest of her time.	Adrienne Lecouvreur	French
native language	Jacques Attali (French: (ʒak atali); born 1 November 1943) is a French economist, writer and senior civil servant.	Jacques Attali	French
native language	Henri Pourrat (7 May 1887 in Ambert (Puy de Dome) -- 16 July 1959 in Ambert) was a French writer and anthropologist who collected the oral literature of the Auvergne.	Henri Pourrat	French
native language	Edmond Hervé (born 3 December 1942) is a French politician, a member of the Socialist Party and French senator since 2008.	Edmond Hervé	French
native language	Mary Elizabeth Hawker (1848--1908) was an English writer of novellas and short stories.	Mary Elizabeth Hawker	English
native language	Jean François Sarrazin (ca. 1611 -- 5 December 1654), or Sarasin, was a French writer.	Jean François Sarrazin	French
native language	Pierre Reverdy (French: (ʁəvɛʁdi); September 13, 1889 -- June 17, 1960) was a French poet whose works were inspired by and subsequently proceeded to influence the provocative art movements of the day, Surrealism, Dadaism and Cubism.	Pierre Reverdy	French
native language	Claude Le Coz (1740--1815) was a French Catholic bishop.	Claude Le Coz	French
native language	Annie Fratellini (14 November 1932--30 June 1997) was a French circus artist, clown, singer and film actress.	Annie Fratellini	French
native language	Jacques Garnier, also called Garnier de Saintes, was born in Saintes on 30 March 1755, and drowned in the Ohio river in 1817 or 1818 was a French politician, a lawyer and a revolutionary.	Jacques Garnier	French
native language	Claude Louis Berthollet (9 December 1748 Talloires, France -- 6 November 1822 Arcueil, France) was a Savoyard-French chemist who became vice president of the French Senate in 1804.	Claude Louis Berthollet	French
native language	Catherine Alric (born 1954) is a French film and television actress.	Catherine Alric	French
native language	Elsa Zylberstein (born 16 October 1968) is a French film, TV, and stage actress.	Elsa Zylberstein	French
native language	Martijn Theodoor Houtsma (Irnsum, Friesland, 15 January 1851 -- Utrecht, 9 February 1943), often referred to as M. Th. Houtsma, was a Dutch orientalist.	Martijn Theodoor Houtsma	Dutch
native language	René de Obaldia (born October 22, 1918 in Hong Kong) is a French playwright and poet.	René de Obaldia	French
native language	Alphonse Arzel (20 September 1927 -- 21 February 2014 in Ploudalmézeau, Finistère) was a French politician, a member of the French Senate representing the department of Finistère, mayor of Ploudalmézeau, and president of the Association of the mayors of Finistère (AMF 29).	Alphonse Arzel	French
native language	Peter Kassovitz (born 17 November 1938) is a French film director and scriptwriter.	Peter Kassovitz	French
native language	Alain Lambert (born in Alençon, on 20 July 1946) is a French politician and a notary by profession.	Alain Lambert	French
native language	Richard Canal (born August 16, 1953) is a French science fiction writer who has won the Prix Rosny-Aîné twice.	Richard Canal	French
native language	Bertrand Tavernier (born 25 April 1941) is a French director, screenwriter, actor and producer.	Bertrand Tavernier	French
native language	Auguste Jal (12 April 1795, Lyon -- 5 April 1873) was a French author who wrote on maritime archaeology and history.	Auguste Jal	French
native language	Jan Jakob Lodewijk ten Kate (December 23, 1819 - December 24, 1889) was a Dutch divine, prose writer and poet.	Jan Jakob Lodewijk ten Kate	Dutch
native language	Augustine Susanne Brohan (January 22, 1807 -- August 16, 1887) was a French actress.	Augustine Susanne Brohan	French
native language	Pierre Nord, real name André Léon Brouillard (15 April 1900 -- 13 December 1985), was a French writer, spy and resistance member.	Pierre Nord	French
native language	Jacqueline Duc is a French stage, television and film actress.	Jacqueline Duc	French
native language	Achille Zavatta (May 6, 1915 -- November 16, 1993) was a French clown, artist and circus operator.	Achille Zavatta	French
native language	Simon Heere Heeresma (9 March 1932 -- 26 June 2011) was a Dutch author and poet.	Simon Heere Heeresma	Dutch
native language	René Dosière is best known for his many questions to the government regarding the expenses of the services of the French presidency.	René Dosière	French
native language	Jacques Vallée, Sieur Des Barreaux (16 December 1599 -- 9 May 1673) was a French poet, born in Châteauneuf-sur-Loire.	Jacques Vallée, Sieur Des Barreaux	French
native language	René Maltête (1930--2000) was a French photographer and poet.	René Maltête	French
native language	Paul d'Albert de Luynes (5 January 1703, Versailles -- 21 January 1788, Paris) was a French prelate.	Paul d'Albert de Luynes	French
native language	Louis Fuzelier (also Fuselier, Fusellier, Fusillier, Fuzellier; 1672 or 1674 -- 19 September 1752) was a French playwright.	Louis Fuzelier	French
native language	Zéphyrin Camélinat (variously spelled Zéphirin, Zéphyrenne; Mailly-la-Ville, Yonne, 1840 -- Paris, 1932) was a French politician, writer, communard, socialist and communist.	Zéphyrin Camélinat	French
native language	Maurice Delarue (26 July 1919; Antrain, Ille-et-Vilaine, France -- 10 March 2013) was a French journalist.	Maurice Delarue	French
native language	Jean-Marie Bayol (24 December 1849 -- 3 October 1905) was a French army doctor, colonial administrator and politician.	Jean-Marie Bayol	French
native language	Alexandre Florent (4 February 1849, Lyon - 1 December 1922) was a French Blanquist socialist politician.	Alexandre Florent	French
native language	Joseph Grégoire Casy (8 October 1787 -- 19 February 1862) was a French naval officer and politician.	Joseph Grégoire Casy	French
native language	Gisèle Halimi (born Zeiza Gisèle Élise Taïeb in 1927) is a French lawyer, feminist activist, and essayist.	Gisèle Halimi	French
native language	Michèle Bernstein (born 28 April 1932) is a French novelist and critic, most usually remembered as a member of the Situationist International from its foundation in 1957 until 1967, and as the first wife of its most prominent member, Guy Debord.	Michèle Bernstein	French
native language	Miroslav Táborský (born 9 November 1959 in Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech actor who has appeared on Czech television series, as well as in American movies.	Miroslav Táborský	Czech
native language	Charles-Marie de Féletz (3 January 1767, Gumont -- 11 February 1850) was a French churchman, journalist and literary critic.	Charles-Marie de Féletz	French
native language	Alain Daniélou (4 October 1907 -- 27 January 1994) was a French historian, intellectual, musicologist, Indologist, and a noted Western convert to and expert on Shaivite Hinduism.	Alain Daniélou	French
native language	Marie Rouget (Auxerre, 16 February 1883 -- 23 December 1967) known by the pen-name Marie Noël was a French poet and officer of the Légion d'honneur.	Marie Noël	French
native language	Jean-Pierre Kalfon (born October 30, 1938 in Paris, France) is a French film and television actor.	Jean-Pierre Kalfon	French
native language	Omid Nouripour (born June 18, 1975, in Tehran) is an Iranian-German politician, a member of Alliance '90/The Greens and a member of the German parliament (Bundestag).	Omid Nouripour	German
native language	Hans Otte born Hans Günther Franz Otte (3 December 1926, Plauen -- 25 December 2007, Bremen) was a German composer, pianist, radio promoter, and author of many pieces of musical theatre, sound installations, poems, drawings, and art videos.	Hans Otte	German
native language	Maurice Palmade (6 October 1886, Rochefort, Charente-Maritime -- 3 January 1955, Bordeaux) was a French politician.	Maurice Palmade	French
native language	Noël Roquevert (born Noël Louis Raymond Bénévent; 18 December 1892 -- 6 November 1973) was a French stage and film actor.	Noël Roquevert	French
native language	Alain Dorval (born Alain Bergé in 1946) is a French voice actor born in Algiers.	Alain Dorval	French
native language	Philippe Peythieu (born 25 September 1950) is a French comedian.	Philippe Peythieu	French
native language	Carl-Edgar Jarchow (born 29 March 1955 in Hamburg) is a German politician (FDP) and chairman of the football club Hamburger SV.	Carl-Edgar Jarchow	German
native language	Dominique Aubier, née Marie-Louise Labiste, (May 7, 1922 -- December 2, 2014) was a French author.	Dominique Aubier	French
native language	Herman Boerhaave (Dutch: (ˈɦɛrmɑn ˈbuːrˌɦaːvə), 31 December 1668 -- 23 September 1738) was a Dutch botanist, Christian humanist and physician of European fame.	Herman Boerhaave	Dutch
native language	Bernard Bosson (born February 25, 1948 in Annecy, Haute-Savoie) is a French politician and lawyer.	Bernard Bosson	French
native language	Eugène Goüin (1818 -- 1909 in Paris) was a French banker and politician.	Eugène Goüin	French
native language	Jean Jacques Raynaldy (23 December 1869 -- 15 June 1938), known as Eugène Raynaldy, was a French politician who was a deputy from 1919 to 1928 and a senator from 1930 to 1938.	Eugène Raynaldy	French
native language	Joseph-François Malgaigne (February 14, 1806 -- October 17, 1865) was a French surgeon and medical historian born in Charmes-sur-Moselle, Vosges.	Joseph-François Malgaigne	French
native language	Alina Reyes (born Aline Patricia Nardone on 9 February 1956) is a French writer, best known for her literary treatment of eroticism.	Alina Reyes	French
native language	Beatrice Rosen, (born November 29, 1984) also credited as Béatrice Rosen and Béatrice Rosenblatt, is an American-born French actress.	Beatrice Rosen	French
native language	Abbé Augustin Barruel (October 2, 1741 -- October 5, 1820) was a French publicist and Jesuit priest.	Augustin Barruel	French
native language	Daniel Mérillon (29 June 1852 -- 23 August 1925) was a French sports shooter.	Daniel Mérillon	French
native language	Uta Zapf (born August 14, 1941 in Liegnitz, Province of Lower Silesia) is a German politician and member of the Bundestag (SPD).	Uta Zapf	German
native language	Thierry Mariani (born 8 August 1958 in Orange, Vaucluse) is a French politician of Italian origin, precisely from Castellafiume, Secretary of State for Transport for the Minister of Ecology, Sustainable development, Transport and Housing in the François Fillon III government, and a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.	Thierry Mariani	French
native language	Edmond Brazès (Céret (Pyrénées-Orientales), 1893 -- 10 June 1980) was a French writer in both Catalan and French.	Edmond Brazès	French
native language	Eugène Manuel (July 13, 1823 -- 1901), French poet and man of letters.	Eugène Manuel	French
native language	Elia Viviani (born 7 February 1989) is an Italian racing cyclist, who rides for Team Sky.	Elia Viviani	Italian
native language	Arnold Poepke (born November 25, 1901 in Kaminsker Hauland, Kreis Obornik - July 14, 1989 in Northeim) was a German politician and member of the CDU.	Arnold Poepke	German
native language	Charles Dantzig is a French author, born in Tarbes on October 7, 1961.	Charles Dantzig	French
native language	Jean Augustin Ernouf (Manuel Louis Jean Augustin or Auguste Ernouf) (29 August 1753 -- 12 September 1827) was a French general and colonial administrator of the Revolutionary and Napoleonic wars.	Jean Augustin Ernouf	French
native language	Suzanne Curchod (1737 -- 6 May 1794) was a French-Swiss salonist and writer.	Suzanne Curchod	French
native language	Gerrit Paape Delft (Delft, 4 February 1752 -- The Hague, 7 December 1803) was a Dutch plateelschilder (painter of earthenware and stoneware), poet, journalist, novelist, judge, columnist and (at the end of his career) ministerial civil servant.	Gerrit Paape	Dutch
native language	Henri Evrard, marquis de Dreux-Brézé (1762-1829) was a member of the French nobility who at the age of twenty-seven played a role in the meeting of the states-general in 1789.	Henri Evrard, marquis de Dreux-Brézé	French
native language	Kim Jong-il (Korean pronunciation: (ɡ̊imd͜zɔŋil); 16 February 1941/1942 -- 17 December 2011) was the supreme leader of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK), commonly referred to as North Korea, from 1994 to 2011.	Kim Jong-il	Korean
native language	Gérard Chaliand (born 1934) is a French expert in geopolitics who has published widely on irregular warfare and military strategy.	Gérard Chaliand	French
native language	Gabriel Nuchelmans (15 May 1922 Oud Gastel -- 6 August 1996, Wassenaar) was a Dutch philosopher, focusing on the history of philosophy, especially philosophy of the Middle Ages, as well as logic and philosophy of language.	Gabriel Nuchelmans	Dutch
native language	Ivica Vidović (May 10, 1939 in Belgrade, Kingdom of Yugoslavia -- April 18, 2011 in Zagreb, Croatia) was a Croatian and Yugoslav actor who appeared in many classic films in the cinematic output of the former Yugoslavia.	Ivica Vidović	Croatian
native language	Raymond-Max Aubert (born 15 March 1947) is a French right-wing politician who was a deputy in the National Assembly of France during the mid-1990s.	Raymond-Max Aubert	French
native language	Jens Koeppen (born 27 September 1962 in Zeitz, Germany) is a German politician (CDU).	Jens Koeppen	German
native language	Dominique Voynet (born 4 November 1958 in Montbéliard, Doubs département, France) is a French politician who is a member of Europe Écologie--	Dominique Voynet	French
native language	César Campinchi (4 May 1882, Calcatoggio, Corse-du-Sud -- 22 February 1941, Marseille, Bouches-du-Rhône) was a lawyer and French statesman in the beginning of the 20th century.	César Campinchi	French
native language	Gustave Geffroy (1 June 1855 -- 4 April 1926) was a French journalist, art critic, historian, and novelist.	Gustave Geffroy	French
native language	Francis Marmande (born 1945) is a French author, musician and journalist for the French newspaper Le Monde since 1977.	Francis Marmande	French
native language	Abel Jacquin (1893--1968) was a French actor who appeared in more than thirty films between 1930 and 1956.	Abel Jacquin	French
native language	Pierre Villon (27 August 1901 in Soultz-Haut-Rhin, Haut-Rhin -- 6 November 1980 in Vallauris, Alpes-Maritimes) was a member of the French Communist Party and of the French Resistance during the war.	Pierre Villon	French
native language	Brahim Asloum (Arabic: إبراهيم اسلوم) born January 31, 1979 in Bourgoin-Jallieu, Isère) is a French boxer.	Brahim Asloum	French
native language	Marie-Anne Chazel (born 19 September 1951) is a French actress, screenwriter and director, who has been active in both film and television since 1974.	Marie-Anne Chazel	French
occupation	Foung Hawj (also Foung Heu; Chinese: 贺祝福; Lao: ຝົງ ເຮີ) is an American politician from the state of Minnesota and member of the Minnesota Senate.	Foung Hawj	politician
parent taxon	The Alabama map turtle (Graptemys pulchra) is a species of emydid turtle endemic to the southern United States.	Alabama map turtle	Graptemys
parent taxon	Tytthodiplatys is an extinct genus of earwig in the family Diplatyidae known from a Cretaceous fossil found in Myanmar.	Tytthodiplatys	Diplatyidae
parent taxon	Monamphiura is a genus of brittle star echinoderms of the family Amphiuridae.	Monamphiura	Amphiuridae
parent taxon	Holynskirbus lesnei is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Holynskirbus.	Holynskirbus	Buprestidae
parent taxon	The Taiwan angelshark (Squatina formosa) is an angel shark of the family Squatinidae found around Taiwan between latitudes 24° N and 22° N, at depths of between 185 and 220 m. Its length is up to 46 cm for an immature female - there are no adult specimens.	Taiwan angelshark	Squatina
parent taxon	The Lake Upemba forest tree frog, Leptopelis parbocagii, is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family found in Angola, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Malawi, Mozambique, Tanzania, and Zambia.	Lake Upemba forest tree frog	Leptopelis
parent taxon	The Tennessee warbler (Oreothlypis peregrina) is a New World warbler that breeds in eastern North America and winters in southern Central America and northern South America.	Tennessee warbler	Oreothlypis
parent taxon	Pupatonia is a genus of minute sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Eatoniellidae, the eatoniellids.	Pupatonia	Eatoniellidae
parent taxon	The Pattipola caecilian, Ichthyophis orthoplicatus, is a species of caecilian endemic to Sri Lanka.	Pattipola caecilian	Ichthyophis
parent taxon	The Iberian rock lizard (Iberolacerta monticola or Lacerta monticola) is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family.	Iberian rock lizard	Iberolacerta
parent taxon	The Kordofan sparrow, also known as the Kordofan rufous sparrow, (Passer cordofanicus) is a sparrow found only in northwestern Sudan and eastern Chad.	Kordofan sparrow	Passer
parent taxon	Aquilaria is a genus of fifteen species of trees in the Thymelaeaceae, native to southeast Asia.	Aquilaria	Thymelaeaceae
parent taxon	The Lord Howe parakeet (Cyanoramphus subflavescens), also known as the Lord Howe red-fronted parakeet, is an extinct parrot endemic to Lord Howe Island in the Tasman Sea, part of New South Wales, Australia.	Lord Howe parakeet	Cyanoramphus
parent taxon	The Italian bleak or white bleak (Alburnus albidus) is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family, endemic to Italy.	Italian bleak	Alburnus
parent taxon	Pteromalinae is a parasitoid wasp subfamily in the family Pteromalidae.	Pteromalinae	Pteromalidae
parent taxon	Tohoraata is a member of the family Eomysticetidae, a family of primitive baleen-bearing mysticetes (chaeomysticetes).	Tohoraata	Eomysticetidae
parent taxon	The Baja California collared lizard (Crotaphytus vestigium) is a large-bodied species of lizard with a broad head, short snout, granular scales, and two distinct black collar markings.	Baja California collared lizard	Crotaphytus
parent taxon	Adromischus is a genus of easily propagated leaf succulents from the Crassulaceae family.	Adromischus	Crassulaceae
parent taxon	Rhodocyphella is a genus of cyphelloid fungi in the Tricholomataceae family.	Rhodocyphella	Tricholomataceae
parent taxon	The Death Valley pupfish (Cyprinodon salinus), also known as Salt Creek pupfish, is found in Death Valley National Park.	Death Valley pupfish	Cyprinodon
parent taxon	Emiliodonta is an extinct genus of bivalve in the extinct family Praenuculidae.	Emiliodonta	Praenuculidae
parent taxon	Catonyx is an extinct genus of ground sloth of the family Mylodontidae, endemic to South America during the Late Pleistocene epochs.	Catonyx	Mylodontidae
parent taxon	Arethuseae is a mid-sized tribe of orchids in the subfamily Epidendroideae.	Arethuseae	Epidendroideae
parent taxon	The Etmopteridae are a family of sharks in the order Squaliformes, commonly known as lantern sharks.	Etmopteridae	Squaliformes
parent taxon	The Niau kingfisher (Todiramphus gertrudae) is a species of bird in the family Alcedinidae.	Niau kingfisher	Todiramphus
parent taxon	Shortridge's rat (Thallomys shortridgei) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Shortridge's rat	Thallomys
parent taxon	Euaptetoceras is an evolute hammatoceratid ammonite from the lower Middle Jurassic, included in the family Hammatoceratidae and the subfamility Hammatoceratinae.	Euaptetoceras	Hammatoceratinae
parent taxon	Cybocephalus is a genus of beetles in the family Cybocephalidae, previously belonging to the subfamily Cybocephalinae of the family Nitidulidae.	Cybocephalus	Cybocephalidae	Nitidulidae
parent taxon	The Galápagos fur seal (Arctocephalus galapagoensis) breeds on the Galápagos Islands in the eastern Pacific, west of mainland Ecuador.	Galápagos fur seal	Arctocephalus
parent taxon	Idiocolpodes tsaratanensis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Idiocolpodes.	Idiocolpodes	Carabidae
parent taxon	Pseudotrechus mutilatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Pseudotrechus.	Pseudotrechus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Zuluscaphites is an extinct genus of cephalopod belonging to the Ammonite subclass from France during the Cretaceous.	Zuluscaphites	Ammonite
parent taxon	The Baja California rock squirrel (Otospermophilus atricapillus) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Baja California rock squirrel	Otospermophilus
parent taxon	The authors of the paper describing Darwinius classified it as a member of the primate family Notharctidae, subfamily Cercamoniinae, suggesting that it has the status of a significant transitional form (a ``link'') between the prosimian and simian (``anthropoid'') primate lineages.	Darwinius	Cercamoniinae
parent taxon	Anita's leaf-eared mouse (Phyllotis anitae) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Anita's leaf-eared mouse	Phyllotis
parent taxon	Machairasaurus was in 2010 assigned to the Oviraptoridae, more precisely to the Ingeniinae.	Machairasaurus	Oviraptoridae
parent taxon	The Angolan vlei rat (Otomys anchietae) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Angolan vlei rat	Otomys
parent taxon	Pyrotheriidae is the only family in the order Pyrotheria, provided one does not include the Paleocene genus, Carodnia.	Pyrotheriidae	Pyrotheria
parent taxon	Geukensia is a genus of marine bivalve mollusc in the Mytilidae family, naturally found in the western Atlantic.	Geukensia	Mytilidae
parent taxon	Amelus nigripennis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Amelus.	Amelus	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Daurian starling (Agropsar sturninus), also known as the purple-backed starling, is a species of starling in the family Sturnidae, and is sometimes included in the genus Sturnus or Sturnia.	Daurian starling	Agropsar
parent taxon	Onithochiton is a genus of chitons in the family Chitonidae, which is distributed from Australia and New Zealand to South Africa.	Onithochiton	Chitonidae
parent taxon	Nitor is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Helicarionidae.	Nitor	Helicarionidae
parent taxon	The Lima leaf-eared mouse (Phyllotis limatus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Lima leaf-eared mouse	Phyllotis
parent taxon	Speke's weaver (Ploceus spekei) is a familiar East African songbird.	Speke's weaver	Ploceus
parent taxon	The Texas brown snake (Storeria dekayi texana), a subspecies of Storeria dekayi, is a nonvenomous snake in the family Colubridae.	Texas brown snake	Storeria dekayi
parent taxon	The Notothyladaceae is the only family of hornworts in the order Notothyladales.	Notothyladaceae	Notothyladales
parent taxon	The Abdim's stork, (Ciconia abdimii) also known as white-bellied stork, is a black stork with grey legs, red knees and feet, grey bill and white underparts.	Abdim's stork	Ciconia
parent taxon	Ohioceras is an extinct suborthochonic nautiloid from the Silurian of Ohio belonging to the orthoceroid family Kionoceratidae.	Ohioceras	Kionoceratidae
parent taxon	Thersiteidae is an extinct family of fossil sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Stromboidea, the true conchs and their allies.	Thersiteidae	Stromboidea
parent taxon	Metachanda is the sole genus in the small family Metachandidae of moths.	Metachanda	Metachandidae
parent taxon	The Diamond Y springsnail, scientific name Tryonia adamantina, is a species of small freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.	Diamond Y springsnail	Tryonia
parent taxon	Dalechampia is a genus of plant of the family Euphorbiaceae and of the monogeneric subtribe Dalechampiinae.	Dalechampia	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	Jahn's tree frog, Hyloscirtus jahni, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Venezuela.	Jahn's tree frog	Hyloscirtus
parent taxon	Tschudi's yellow-shouldered bat (Sturnira oporaphilum), is an extant species of leaf-nosed bat indigenous to Argentina, Ecuador, and Peru, with its range also encompassing Bolivia.	Tschudi's yellow-shouldered bat	Sturnira
parent taxon	Rossbeevera is a genus of sequestrate (truffle-like) fungi in the family Boletaceae.	Rossbeevera	Boletaceae
parent taxon	Parallelura was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family, it is now considered a synonym of Macaldenia.	Parallelura	Noctuidae
parent taxon	Terfezia is a genus of truffle-like fungi within the Pezizaceae family.	Terfezia	Pezizaceae
parent taxon	Micrairoideae is a subfamily of the grass family Poaceae, distributed in tropical and subtropical regions.	Micrairoideae	Poaceae
parent taxon	Udranomia is a Neotropical genus in the family Hesperiidae (Eudaminae).	Udranomia	Hesperiidae
parent taxon	Eliea (or Eliaea Cambess., an orthographic variant) is a genus of flowering plants in the family Hypericaceae.	Eliea	Hypericaceae
parent taxon	Martiana clausa is a species of crab in the family Pseudothelphusidae, the only species in the genus Martiana.	Martiana	Pseudothelphusidae
parent taxon	Leptidea is a genus of butterflies of family Pieridae, the whites and yellows.	Leptidea	Pieridae
parent taxon	Luambwa barb (Barbus cercops) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.	Luambwa barb	Barbus
parent taxon	The Pocilloporidae are a family of stony corals in the order Scleractinia occurring in the Pacific and Indian Oceans.	Pocilloporidae	Scleractinia
parent taxon	Euclia is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cancellariidae, the nutmeg snails.	Euclia	Cancellariidae
parent taxon	The Kavirondo barb (Barbus sexradiatus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Kavirondo barb	Barbus
parent taxon	Yigoga is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family, it was placed as a synonym of Dichagyris by Lafontain & Fibiger in 2003.	Yigoga	Noctuidae
parent taxon	Koelliker's glass lizard (Hyalosaurus koellikeri ), also called commonly the Moroccan glass lizard, is a species of lizard in the family Anguidae.	Koelliker's glass lizard	Hyalosaurus
parent taxon	Donaldson Smith's nightjar (Caprimulgus donaldsoni) is a species of nightjar in the Caprimulgidae family.	Donaldson Smith's nightjar	Caprimulgus
parent taxon	Clarification of the Authorship of Xixuthrus heros (Coleoptera: Cerambycidae) YANEGA D., D. OLSON D., SHUTE S., KOMIYA Z., 2004 - The Xixuthrus species of Fiji (Coleoptera: Cerambycidae: Prioninae)	Xixuthrus	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	However, Maisch and his co-authors did place both Germanodactylus species in Dsungaripteroidea, like Unwin.	Germanodactylus	Dsungaripteroidea
parent taxon	Marlierea is a genus of flowering plants in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae described as a genus in 1833.	Marlierea	Myrtaceae
parent taxon	The Angoni vlei rat (Otomys angoniensis) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Angoni vlei rat	Otomys
parent taxon	Helcogramma steinitzi, known commonly as the Red triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Helcogramma.	Red triplefin	Helcogramma
parent taxon	The Huon melidectes or Huon honeyeater (Melidectes foersteri) is a species of bird in the Meliphagidae family.	Huon melidectes	Melidectes
parent taxon	Sloanoglymmius planatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Sloanoglymmius.	Sloanoglymmius	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Andaman bulbul (Pycnonotus fuscoflavescens) is a member of the bulbul family of passerine birds.	Andaman bulbul	Pycnonotus
parent taxon	Notoacmea is a southern genus of true limpets, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Lottiidae, the true limpets.	Notoacmea	Lottiidae
parent taxon	Sageretia (mock buckthorn or sageretia) is a genus of about 35 species of shrubs and small trees in the family Rhamnaceae, native to southern and eastern Asia and northeast Africa.	Sageretia	Rhamnaceae
parent taxon	Goniurellia is a genus of the family Tephritidae, better known as fruit flies.	Goniurellia	Tephritidae
parent taxon	Calochlaena is a genus of ferns within the Dicksoniaceae family.	Calochlaena	Dicksoniaceae
parent taxon	The Atlantic goliath grouper or itajara (Epinephelus itajara) is a large saltwater fish of the grouper family found primarily in shallow tropical waters among coral and artificial reefs at depths from 5 to 50 m (16 to 164 ft).	Atlantic goliath grouper	Epinephelus
parent taxon	Seipp's day gecko (Phelsuma seippi Meier, 1987) is a diurnal species of geckos.	Seipp's day gecko	Phelsuma
parent taxon	Barclaya is a genus of 3 - 4 species of flowering plants usually included in the family Nymphaeaceae but sometimes given their own family status as Barclayaceae on the basis of an extended perianth tube (combined sepals and petals) arising from the top of the ovary and by stamens that are joined basally.	Barclaya	Nymphaeaceae
parent taxon	Ginema is a genus of ground beetles (family Carabidae).	Ginema	Carabidae
parent taxon	Centrolobium is a genus of legume in the Fabaceae family, and was recently assigned to the informal monophyletic Pterocarpus clade of the Dalbergieae.	Centrolobium	Fabaceae
parent taxon	The Archduke, Lexias dirtea, is a species of butterfly of the family Nymphalidae.	Lexias dirtea	Archduke
parent taxon	It is the largest subfamily of Megachilidae Subfamily Megachilinae Tribe Lithurgini Lithurgus Microthurge Trichothurgus Tribe Osmiini Afroheriades Ashmeadiella Atoposmia Bekilia Chelostoma Haetosmia Heriades have narrow abdominal bands.	Megachilinae	Megachilidae
parent taxon	Blasius's horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus blasii) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae found throughout large parts of the Mediterranean, Middle East and Northern Africa.	Blasius's horseshoe bat	Rhinolophus
parent taxon	Batasio is a genus of catfish of the family Bagridae.	Batasio	Bagridae
parent taxon	The Indian day gecko, Cnemaspis indica, is a species of gecko found in India (Nilgiri Hills/Travancore).	Indian day gecko	Cnemaspis
parent taxon	Appertiella is a genus of an aquatic plant of the family Hydrocharitaceae described as a genus in 1982.	Appertiella	Hydrocharitaceae
parent taxon	Caesalpinioideae is a botanical name at the rank of subfamily, placed in the large family Fabaceae or Leguminosae.	Caesalpinioideae	Fabaceae
parent taxon	Wurmbea is a genus of perennial herbs in the family Colchicaceae, native to Africa and Australia.	Wurmbea	Colchicaceae
parent taxon	Minuphloeus mixtus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Minuphloeus.	Minuphloeus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Sedoreovirinae (sedo = smooth) is a subfamily of the Reoviridae family of viruses.	Sedoreovirinae	Reoviridae
parent taxon	Parajubaea is a genus of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family, and coconut palm trees.	Parajubaea	Arecaceae
parent taxon	Aluterus heudelotii Hollard, 1855 (Dotterel filefish) Aluterus monoceros Linnaeus, 1758 (Unicorn leatherjacket filefish) Aluterus schoepfii Walbaum, 1792 (Orange filefish) Aluterus scriptus Osbeck, 1765 (Scribbled leatherjacket filefish)	Aluterus	filefish
parent taxon	The Transvaal girdled lizard, Cordylus vittifer, is a very flattened girdled lizard from northeastern South Africa, Swaziland, and southeastern Botswana.	Transvaal girdled lizard	Cordylus
parent taxon	The Tonnoidea are a superfamily of sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha.	Tonnoidea	Littorinimorpha
parent taxon	Megabats constitute the suborder Megachiroptera, and its only family Pteropodidae of the order Chiroptera (bats).	Megabat	Chiroptera
parent taxon	Caffromorda platycephala is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae, the only species in the genus Caffromorda.	Caffromorda	Mordellidae
parent taxon	Anodontoides is a genus of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.	Anodontoides	Unionidae
parent taxon	Conostylis is a genus of perennial herbs in the family Haemodoraceae commonly known as 'cone flowers, endemic to the south west of Western Australia.	Conostylis	Haemodoraceae
parent taxon	The Paraguaian hairy dwarf porcupine, Sphiggurus spinosus, is a South American porcupine species from the family Erethizontidae.	Paraguaian hairy dwarf porcupine	Sphiggurus
parent taxon	Hespererato is a genus of small sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Triviidae, the false cowries or trivias.	Hespererato	Triviidae
parent taxon	The Bengal fox (Vulpes bengalensis), also known as the Indian fox, is a fox endemic to the Indian subcontinent and is found from the Himalayan foothills and Terai of Nepal through southern India and from southern and eastern Pakistan to eastern India and southeastern Bangladesh.	Bengal fox	Vulpes
parent taxon	Elminia is a genus of bird in the flycatcher family Stenostiridae.	Elminia	Stenostiridae
parent taxon	Kasner's dwarf burrowing skink or Kasner's burrowing skink (Scelotes kasneri ) is a species of skink in the Scincidae family.	Kasner's dwarf burrowing skink	Scelotes
parent taxon	Kuraishia is a genus of two species of ascomycetous yeasts in the family Saccharomycetaceae.	Kuraishia	Saccharomycetaceae
parent taxon	Acosmerycoides is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family, containing only one species Acosmerycoides harterti, which is found from Assam in India, eastwards across southern China to Taiwan and south to Thailand, Laos and Vietnam.	Acosmerycoides	Sphingidae
parent taxon	The New England tree frog or glandular tree frog (Litoria subglandulosa) is a species of frog in the family Hylidae, endemic to Australia.	New England tree frog	Litoria
parent taxon	The Midas free-tailed bat (Mops midas) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae.	Midas free-tailed bat	Mops
parent taxon	Pterymarchia is a genus of large predatory sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae, the rock snails or murex snails.	Pterymarchia	Muricidae
parent taxon	The Ningaloo maskray (Neotrygon ningalooensis) is a species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae, found along the northwestern coast of Australia.	Ningaloo maskray	Neotrygon
parent taxon	The Fiji white-eye (Zosterops explorator) is a species of passerine bird in the white-eye family Zosteropidae.	Fiji white-eye	Zosterops
parent taxon	Xenophrys parallela or Megophrys parallelus is a species of frog in the Megophryidae family.	Xenophrys parallela	Megophrys
parent taxon	Hellwald's spiny rat (Maxomys hellwaldii) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Hellwald's spiny rat	Maxomys
parent taxon	Nystia is an extinct genus of fossil freshwater snails, aquatic gastropod molluscs in the family Truncatellidae.	Nystia	Truncatellidae
parent taxon	The Zayante band-winged grasshopper (Trimerotropis infantilis) is a species of insect in the family Acrididae.	Zayante band-winged grasshopper	Trimerotropis
parent taxon	Amanitoideae is a subfamily of the fungi or mushroom family Amanitaceae.	Amanitoideae	Amanitaceae
parent taxon	Florissantoraphidia funerata is an extinct species of snakefly, originally assigned to the raphidiid genus Raphidia, but subsequently transferred to the genus Florissantoraphidia.	Florissantoraphidia funerata	Raphidia
parent taxon	The Bornean horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus borneensis) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae.	Bornean horseshoe bat	Rhinolophus
parent taxon	Burchell's sandgrouse (Pterocles burchelli) is a species of bird in the Pteroclididae family.	Burchell's sandgrouse	Pterocles
parent taxon	Pseudotrechisibus sphaericus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Pseudotrechisibus.	Pseudotrechisibus	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Cuban tody (Todus multicolor) is a bird species in the family Todidae that is restricted to Cuba and adjacent islands.	Cuban tody	Todus
parent taxon	Walcottoceras is a cephalopod genus from the Lower Ordovician included in the ellesmerocerid family Protocycloceratidae according Rousseau Flower in 1964.	Walcottoceras	Protocycloceratidae
parent taxon	Caeciliusetae is an infraorder of Psocoptera, in the suborder Psocomorpha.	Caeciliusetae	Psocomorpha
parent taxon	Discourella is a genus of mites in the order Mesostigmata, placed in its own family, Discourellidae.	Discourella	Discourellidae
parent taxon	Rondeletia bicolor is a species of redmouth whalefish known only from the eastern Atlantic Ocean, where it is found at depths of around 3,003 m (9,852 ft).	Rondeletia bicolor	redmouth whalefish
parent taxon	The Malabar trevally, Carangoides malabaricus, (also known as the Malabar jack, Malabar kingfish and nakedshield kingfish) is a species of large inshore marine fish of the jack family, Carangidae.	Malabar trevally	Carangoides
parent taxon	Neoscona is a genus of spider in the family Araneidae (araneids) with a mostly pantropical distribution.	Neoscona	Araneidae
parent taxon	The Hunter's cisticola (Cisticola hunteri) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family.	Hunter's cisticola	Cisticola
parent taxon	The Christmas wrasse, Thalassoma trilobatum, is a species of wrasse native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.	Christmas wrasse	Thalassoma
parent taxon	The Megalyroidea are a small hymenopteran superfamily that includes a single family, Megalyridae, with eight genera (plus three extinct ones) and at least 45 extant species.	Megalyridae	Megalyroidea
parent taxon	Hiekesia africana is a species of beetle in the family Monotomidae, the only species in the genus Hiekesia.	Hiekesia	Monotomidae
parent taxon	The genus Tanatchivia is a genus of insect in the family Asilidae.	Tanatchivia	Asilidae
parent taxon	Diapheridae is a family of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Streptaxoidea.	Diapheridae	Streptaxoidea
parent taxon	The Pertyoideae are a subfamily of the Asteraceae, or sunflower family, of the flowering plants.	Pertyoideae	Asteraceae
parent taxon	The Palau nightjar (Caprimulgus phalaena) is a species of nightjar endemic to Palau.	Palau nightjar	Caprimulgus
parent taxon	Cinnamodendron is a genus of plants in family Canellaceae described as a genus in 1840.	Cinnamodendron	Canellaceae
parent taxon	Palatigum trichostoma is a species of crabs in the family Xanthidae, the only species in the genus Palatigum.	Palatigum	Xanthidae
parent taxon	The most recent cladistic analysis of ankylosaur phylogeny does not include Animantarx, although the authors recognize the genus as Nodosauridae incertae sedis because of its rounded supraorbital protrusions and a ``knoblike'' acromion on the scapula.	Animantarx	Nodosauridae
parent taxon	Allendia chilensis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Allendia.	Allendia	Carabidae
parent taxon	Adriatic blenny, Microlipophrys adriaticus, is a species of combtooth blenny widespread in the Mediterranean Sea, the Adriatic Sea and the Aegean Sea, also known from the Sea of Marmara and the Black Sea.	Adriatic blenny	Microlipophrys
parent taxon	The Peruvian thick-knee (Burhinus superciliaris) is a species of bird in the family Burhinidae.	Peruvian thick-knee	Burhinus
parent taxon	Poecilotheria is a genus of the spiders family Theraphosidae currently containing 15 species of arboreal tarantula.	Poecilotheria	Theraphosidae
parent taxon	The Alashan ground squirrel (Spermophilus alashanicus) is a species of squirrel.	Alashan ground squirrel	Spermophilus
parent taxon	Rastrelliger is a mackerel genus in the family Scombridae.	Rastrelliger	Scombridae
parent taxon	Anthia is a genus of the ground beetle family, the Carabidae.	Anthia	Carabidae
parent taxon	Alfaroa is a genus of evergreen trees in the Juglandaceae family of the Fagales, growing in montaine and submontaine tropical rain forests in Central America.	Alfaroa	Juglandaceae
parent taxon	Heliofungia is a genus of stony corals in the family Fungiidae.	Heliofungia	Fungiidae
parent taxon	Ammopelmatus is a genus of insect in the family Stenopelmatidae.	Ammopelmatus	Stenopelmatidae
parent taxon	Peleteria is a widespread genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.	Peleteria	Tachinidae
parent taxon	Gagrellina vestita is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.	Gagrellina	Sclerosomatidae
parent taxon	Pleurocolpus boileaui is a species of crabs in the family Xanthidae, the only species in the genus Pleurocolpus.	Pleurocolpus	Xanthidae
parent taxon	The Algerian mouse, or western Mediterranean mouse, (Mus spretus) is a wild species of mouse closely related to the house mouse, native to open habitats around the western Mediterranean.	Algerian mouse	Mus
parent taxon	Gyps is a genus of Old World vultures in the bird family Accipitridae.	Gyps	Accipitridae
parent taxon	Campichthys galei (Duncker, 1909) (Gale's pipefish) Campichthys nanus C. E. Dawson, 1977 Campichthys tricarinatus C. E. Dawson, 1977 (Three-keel pipefish) Campichthys tryoni (J. D. Ogilby, 1890) (Tryon's pipefish)	Campichthys	pipefish
parent taxon	The Caucasian toad (Bufo verrucosissimus) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Caucasian toad	Bufo
parent taxon	Equatorial spitting cobra (Naja sumatrana) also called the black spitting cobra, Malayan spitting cobra, golden spitting cobra, or Sumatran spitting cobra, is a species of spitting cobra found in Southeast Asia.	Equatorial spitting cobra	Naja
parent taxon	The Hemprich's hornbill (Tockus hemprichii) is a species of hornbill in the Bucerotidae family.	Hemprich's hornbill	Tockus
parent taxon	Whitehead's spiny rat (Maxomys whiteheadi) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Whitehead's spiny rat	Maxomys
parent taxon	Siau Island tarsier (Tarsius tumpara) is a species of tarsier from the tiny volcanic island of Siau.	Siau Island tarsier	Tarsius
parent taxon	The Santa Cruz white-eye (Zosterops sanctaecrucis) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.	Santa Cruz white-eye	Zosterops
parent taxon	Rolán & Rubio (2002: 46) hold Discopsis as a valid genus, distinct from Cochliolepis Stimpson, 1858, on the grounds that the latter belongs in the family Vitrinellidae and the former in Tornidae.	Cochliolepis	Vitrinellidae
parent taxon	The Accipitridae, one of the four families within the order Accipitriformes (the other order of diurnal birds of prey being Falconiformes), are a family of small to large birds with strongly hooked bills and variable morphology based on diet.	Accipitridae	Accipitriformes	Falconiformes
parent taxon	Suessenguthia is a genus of the Acanthaceae plant family comprising six species of shrubs with showy, tubular flowers arranged in few-flowered heads.	Suessenguthia	Acanthaceae
parent taxon	The Thripinae belong to the common thrips family Thripidae and include around 1,400 species in 150 genera.	Thripinae	Thripidae
parent taxon	The Malawi spinyeel (Mastacembelus shiranus) is a species of fish in the Mastacembelidae family.	Malawi spinyeel	Mastacembelus
parent taxon	The Peltoceratinae comprise a subfamily in the Aspidoceratidae, (middle and upper Jurassic perisphinctacean ammonites).	Peltoceratinae	Aspidoceratidae
parent taxon	Choerades is a genus of robber flies described by Walker in 1851, belonging to the family Asilidae, subfamily Laphriinae.	Choerades	Asilidae
parent taxon	Xylariopsis is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species: subgenus Falsosybra Xylariopsis fulvonotata (Pic, 1928) subgenus Xylariopsis Xylariopsis esakii Mitono, 1943 Xylariopsis iriei Hayashi, 1976 Xylariopsis mimica Bates, 1884	Xylariopsis	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Carajás woodcreeper (Xiphocolaptes carajaensis) is a species of bird in the Dendrocolaptinae subfamily, the woodcreepers.	Carajás woodcreeper	Xiphocolaptes
parent taxon	Nepenthes (/nᵻˈpɛnθiːz/), also known as tropical pitcher plants, is a genus of carnivorous plants in the monotypic family Nepenthaceae.	Nepenthes	Nepenthaceae
parent taxon	The American sailfin eel (Letharchus velifer, also known as the Sailfin eel) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels).	American sailfin eel	Letharchus
parent taxon	Andronymus is an Afrotropical genus of Grass Skippers in the family Hesperiidae.	Andronymus	Hesperiidae
parent taxon	The Mexican shrew (Megasorex gigas) is a species of mammal from the subfamily Soricinae in the family Soricidae.	Mexican shrew	Megasorex
parent taxon	The Huallaga tanager or black-bellied tanager (Ramphocelus melanogaster) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.	Huallaga tanager	Ramphocelus
parent taxon	The Madagascan swamp warbler (Acrocephalus newtoni) is a species of Old World warbler in the Acrocephalidae family.	Madagascan swamp warbler	Acrocephalus
parent taxon	Eudeilinia is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Drepaninae.	Eudeilinia	Drepaninae
parent taxon	Palaina is a genus of minute land snails with opercula, terrestrial gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Diplommatinidae.	Palaina	Diplommatinidae
parent taxon	The Lafresnaye's piculet (Picumnus lafresnayi) is a species of bird in the Picidae family.	Lafresnaye's piculet	Picumnus
parent taxon	The Tonga ground skink (Tachygyia microlepis) is an extinct species of skink in the Scincidae family.	Tonga ground skink	Tachygyia
parent taxon	Stenocercus is a genus of South American lizards, commonly called whorltail iguanas, of the Tropiduridae family.	Stenocercus	Tropiduridae
parent taxon	The Hernandiaceae are a family of flowering plants, angiosperms, in order Laurales.	Hernandiaceae	Laurales
parent taxon	Siphonops (ringed caecilians) is a genus of amphibian in the Siphonopidae family.	Siphonops	Siphonopidae
parent taxon	Abichites is Ceratitid genus, assigned to the family Dzhulfitidae.	Abichites	Dzhulfitidae
parent taxon	Prosthiostomidae is a family of free-living marine turbellarian flatworms in the sub order Cotylea.	Prosthiostomidae	Cotylea
parent taxon	Abyarachryson signaticolle is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Abyarachryson.	Abyarachryson	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Delalande's sand frog (Tomopterna delalandii) is a species of frog in the Pyxicephalidae family endemic to South Africa.	Delalande's sand frog	Tomopterna
parent taxon	Dictyanthus is a genus of plant in family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1844.	Dictyanthus	Apocynaceae
parent taxon	Barticaria caeruleus is a species of beetle in the family Megalopodidae, the only species in the genus Barticaria.	Barticaria	Megalopodidae
parent taxon	The Y-patterned moray eel (Gymnothorax berndti) is a deep-water moray eel found in coral reefs in the Pacific and western Indian Oceans at depths to 300 m. It was first named by Snyder in 1904, and is also commonly known as Berndt's moray eel.	Y-patterned moray eel	Gymnothorax
parent taxon	The Arabian accentor or Yemen accentor (Prunella fagani) is a species of bird in the Prunellidae family.	Arabian accentor	Prunella
parent taxon	Lunaria (common name honesty) is a genus of flowering plants in the family Brassicaceae, native to central and southern Europe.	Lunaria	Brassicaceae
parent taxon	The Japanese tree frog (Hyla japonica) is a species of tree frog distributed from Hokkaidō to Yakushima in Japan and from Korea along the Ussuri River to northeastern China, northern Mongolia, and the southern Russian Far East.	Japanese tree frog	Hyla
parent taxon	Ampelocissus (suan lian teng shu in Chinese) is a genus of Vitaceae having 90 or more species found variously in tropical Africa, Asia, Central America, and Oceania.	Ampelocissus	Vitaceae
parent taxon	Machairodontini is an extinct tribe of large saber-toothed cats of the subfamily Machairodontinae, that lived in Europe, Asia, Africa, and North America, during the late middle Miocene through late Pleistocene living from 11.6 mya--11 000 years ago.	Machairodontini	Machairodontinae
parent taxon	Cancellariidae, common name the nutmeg snails or nutmeg shells, are a family of small to medium-large sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Neogastropoda.	Cancellariidae	Neogastropoda
parent taxon	The Natal dwarf puddle frog (Phrynobatrachus natalensis) is a species of frog in the Phrynobatrachidae family.	Natal dwarf puddle frog	Phrynobatrachus
parent taxon	Pseudois is a genus in the subfamily Caprinae comprising two species, the bharal (Pseudois nayaur) and the dwarf blue sheep (Pseudois schaeferi).	Pseudois	Caprinae
parent taxon	Lobithelphusa mexicana is a species of crab in the family Pseudothelphusidae, the only species in the genus Lobithelphusa.	Lobithelphusa	Pseudothelphusidae
parent taxon	The Calayan rail (Gallirallus calayanensis) is a flightless bird of the rail, moorhen, and coot family (Rallidae) that inhabits Calayan Island in the Philippines.	Calayan rail	Gallirallus
parent taxon	Parastizocera procera is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Parastizocera.	Parastizocera	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Bruno's casque-headed frog (Aparasphenodon brunoi) is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.	Bruno's casque-headed frog	Aparasphenodon
parent taxon	Senecio cadiscus is a species of aquatic flowering plant in the aster family, Asteraceae.	Senecio cadiscus	Asteraceae
parent taxon	Stenochilus is a genus under the Stenochilidae family.	Stenochilus	Stenochilidae
parent taxon	The Cyprus warbler (Sylvia melanothorax) is a typical warbler which breeds on Cyprus.	Cyprus warbler	Sylvia
parent taxon	The Hemerobiiformia are a suborder of lacewing insects in the order Neuroptera.	Hemerobiiformia	Neuroptera
parent taxon	The Timor blue flycatcher (Cyornis hyacinthinus) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae.	Timor blue flycatcher	Cyornis
parent taxon	Norfolkia brachylepis, known commonly as the Tropical scaly-headed triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Norfolkia.	Tropical scaly-headed triplefin	Norfolkia
parent taxon	The Hodgson's frogmouth (Batrachostomus hodgsoni) is a species of bird in the Podargidae family.	Hodgson's frogmouth	Batrachostomus
parent taxon	Stylochaeton is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family that is endemic to Africa.	Stylochaeton	Araceae
parent taxon	In taxonomy, Pseudomuriella is a genus of green algae, specifically of the class Chlorophyceae.	Pseudomuriella	Chlorophyceae
parent taxon	Dactylobatus armatus or the Skilletskate, is a small-bodied, deepwater skate.	Skilletskate	Dactylobatus
parent taxon	The American three-toed woodpecker (Picoides dorsalis) is a medium-sized woodpecker (family Picidae).	American three-toed woodpecker	Picoides
parent taxon	The Alfred's blind skink (Dibamus alfredi) is a blind species of lizard in the genus Dibamus.	Alfred's blind skink	Dibamus
parent taxon	Mycobacterium is a genus of Actinobacteria, given its own family, the Mycobacteriaceae.	Mycobacterium	Mycobacteriaceae
parent taxon	The Laysan hedyleptan moth (Omiodes laysanensis) is a species of moth in the Crambidae family.	Laysan hedyleptan moth	Omiodes
parent taxon	The two species of Apalharpactes were formerly treated as conspecific under the name red-billed trogon or blue-tailed trogon (Apalharpactes reinwardtii, with mackloti as a subspecies), but are better treated as separate species.	Apalharpactes	trogon
parent taxon	The Pavel's Seram mosaic-tailed rat (Melomys paveli) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Pavel's Seram mosaic-tailed rat	Melomys
parent taxon	The Crosse's shrew (Crocidura crossei) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Crosse's shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	The Kashmir white-toothed shrew (Crocidura pullata) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Kashmir white-toothed shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	The Maimed snake eel (Muraenichthys schultzei, also known as the Aimed snake eel, the Bleeker's worm-eel, or the Schultz's worm eel) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels).	Maimed snake eel	Muraenichthys
parent taxon	Melithaeidae is a family of corals in the suborder Scleraxonia.	Melithaeidae	Scleraxonia
parent taxon	Dobodura armata is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Dobodura.	Dobodura	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Kalbar rasbora (Rasbora kalbarensis) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Rasbora.	Kalbar rasbora	Rasbora
parent taxon	Podopterus is a genus of plants in the family Polygonaceae with about four species in Mexico and Central America.	Podopterus	Polygonaceae
parent taxon	The Wied's tyrant-manakin (Neopelma aurifrons) is a species of bird in the Pipridae family.	Wied's tyrant-manakin	Neopelma
parent taxon	The Curlfin sole, Pleuronichthys decurrens, is a flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae.	Curlfin sole	Pleuronichthys
parent taxon	Christy's tree frog, Leptopelis christyi, is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family found in Cameroon, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Gabon, Tanzania, and Uganda, and possibly Burundi, the Central African Republic, the Republic of the Congo, Kenya, Rwanda, and the Sudan.	Christy's tree frog	Leptopelis
parent taxon	Oncomelania is a genus of very small tropical freshwater snails, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Pomatiopsidae.	Oncomelania	Pomatiopsidae
parent taxon	The Keast's tube-nosed fruit bat (Nyctimene keasti) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae found in Babar, Tanimbar, and the Kai Islands.	Keast's tube-nosed fruit bat	Nyctimene
parent taxon	Halecium is a genus of hydrozoa in the Haleciidae family, consisting of approximately 120 species.	Halecium	Haleciidae
parent taxon	Kalinowski's mastiff bat (Mormopterus kalinowskii) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae, the free-tailed bats.	Kalinowski's mastiff bat	Mormopterus
parent taxon	The Mexican tetra or blind cave fish (Astyanax mexicanus) is a freshwater fish of the family Characidae of the order Characiformes.	Mexican tetra	Astyanax
parent taxon	``Molecular phylogeny of the nematode genus Longidorus (Nematoda: Longidoridae) with description of three new species''.	Longidorus	Longidoridae
parent taxon	Cinetodus is a genus of sea catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Ariidae.	Cinetodus	Ariidae
parent taxon	The Sacramento blackfish, Orthodon microlepidotus, is a cyprinid fish of central California.	Sacramento blackfish	Orthodon
parent taxon	Scolopendra (through Latin from Greek σκολόπενδρα, skolopendra) is a genus of centipedes of the family Scolopendridae.	Scolopendra	Scolopendridae
parent taxon	The Pacific shortfinned eel (Anguilla obscura), also known as the Pacific shortfinned freshwater eel, the short-finned eel, and the South Pacific eel, is an eel in the family Anguillidae.	Pacific shortfinned eel	Anguilla
parent taxon	Boehme's giant day gecko (Phelsuma madagascariensis boehmei Meier, 1982) is a diurnal species of gecko.	Boehme's giant day gecko	Phelsuma madagascariensis
parent taxon	Amphilepis is a genus of brittle stars of the family Amphilepididae.	Amphilepis	Amphilepididae
parent taxon	Fesa tricolor is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.	Fesa	Sclerosomatidae
parent taxon	Erysimum (wallflower) is a genus of flowering plants in the botanical family Brassicaceae, that includes about 180 species, both popular garden plants and many wild forms.	Erysimum	Brassicaceae
parent taxon	Micromys is a genus of small rodents in the subfamily Murinae.	Micromys	Murinae
parent taxon	Ochsenheimeria is a genus of moth of the Ypsolophidae family and only genus in the Ochsenheimeriinae subfamily.	Ochsenheimeriinae	Ypsolophidae
parent taxon	Ascetostoma is a genus of mostly small deep water sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Chilodontidae.	Ascetostoma	Chilodontidae
parent taxon	Cyrtopodion is a large genus in the family Gekkonidae (geckos).	Cyrtopodion	geckos
parent taxon	Geocaulon is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the family Santalaceae containing the single species Geocaulon lividum, which is known by the common names northern comandra and false toadflax.	Geocaulon	Santalaceae
parent taxon	Anoplius is a genus of spider wasps in the family Pompilidae, called the blue-black spider wasps.	Anoplius	Pompilidae
parent taxon	Parkhaev, the Khairkhaniidae is the only family in the order Khairkhaniifomes within the subclass Divasibranchia.	Khairkhaniidae	Khairkhaniifomes
parent taxon	The Nauru reed warbler (Nauruan: itsirir), Acrocephalus rehsei, is a passerine bird endemic to the island of Nauru in the Pacific Ocean.	Nauru reed warbler	Acrocephalus
parent taxon	The Sri Lanka spurfowl (Galloperdix bicalcarata) is a member of the pheasant family which is endemic to the dense rainforests of Sri Lanka.	Sri Lanka spurfowl	Galloperdix
parent taxon	Guioa is a genus of about 78 rainforest tree species known to science, which constitute part of the plant family Sapindaceae.	Guioa	Sapindaceae
parent taxon	The Cuban tree frog (Osteopilus septentrionalis) is an amphibian native to the Caribbean region of the Western Hemisphere.	Cuban tree frog	Osteopilus
parent taxon	Eggerthella is a bacterial genus of Actinobacteria, in the family Coriobacteriaceae.	Eggerthella	Coriobacteriaceae
parent taxon	The Cutch rat (Cremnomys cutchicus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Cutch rat	Cremnomys
parent taxon	The Mediterranean horse mackerel (Trachurus mediterraneus) is a species of mackerel in the family Carangidae.	Mediterranean horse mackerel	Trachurus
parent taxon	Nosoderma plicatum (formerly Phloeodes plicatus) is a beetle of the Family Zopheridae.	Nosoderma plicatum	Phloeodes
parent taxon	Cacaliopsis is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the aster family, Asteraceae, containing the single species Cacaliopsis nardosmia (formerly Cacalia nardosmia).	Cacaliopsis	Asteraceae
parent taxon	The Agaricostilbaceae are a family of fungi in the order Agaricostilbales, part of the Basidiomycota.	Agaricostilbaceae	Agaricostilbales
parent taxon	Dimorphopatrobus ludmilae is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Dimorphopatrobus.	Dimorphopatrobus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Archirhodomyrtus is a genus of flowering plants in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae, describe as a genus in 1941.	Archirhodomyrtus	Myrtaceae
parent taxon	Leach's anole (Anolis leachii ) is a species of anole lizard that is native to Antigua and Barbuda, an island-nation in the Caribbean Lesser Antilles, where it can be found on both main islands.	Leach's anole	Anolis
parent taxon	Squid are members of the class Cephalopoda, subclass Coleoidea, order Teuthida, which has two major suborders, Myopsina and Oegopsina (including giant squid such as Architeuthis dux).	Squid	Cephalopoda
parent taxon	Elsholtzia is a plant genus in the Lamiaceae (mint family).	Elsholtzia	Lamiaceae
parent taxon	The Chirruh snowtrout (Schizothorax esocinus) is a species of cyprinid fish found in Asia.	Chirruh snowtrout	Schizothorax
parent taxon	The Lake Kurumoi rainbowfish (Melanotaenia parva) is a species of freshwater fish in the Melanotaeniidae family.	Lake Kurumoi rainbowfish	Melanotaenia
parent taxon	Blanchetia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the aster family, Asteraceae, containing the single species Blanchetia heterotricha.	Blanchetia	Asteraceae
parent taxon	Placostylus, or flax snails, are a genus of very large, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Bothriembryontidae.	Placostylus	Bothriembryontidae
parent taxon	Jalzicaphaenops poljaki is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Jalzicaphaenops.	Jalzicaphaenops	Carabidae
parent taxon	Phyllanthaceae is a family of flowering plants in the eudicot order Malpighiales.	Phyllanthaceae	Malpighiales
parent taxon	Nyanzachoerus is an extinct genus of the pig family (Suidae) belonging to the subfamily Tetraconodontinae.	Nyanzachoerus	Tetraconodontinae
parent taxon	Wallace's dasyure (Myoictis wallacei) is a member of the order Dasyuromorphia.	Wallace's dasyure	Myoictis
parent taxon	Fraxinus floribunda is a species of ash native to South Asia, East Asia, and Southeast Asia.	Fraxinus floribunda	ash
parent taxon	Heteronarce is a genus of sleeper rays in the family Narkidae.	Heteronarce	Narkidae
parent taxon	Voluta is a genus of medium to large sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Volutidae, the volutes.	Voluta	Volutidae
parent taxon	Eremotherium is an extinct genus of ground sloth of the family Megatheriidae, endemic to North America and South America during the Pleistocene epoch.	Eremotherium	Megatheriidae
parent taxon	Forsterygion nigripenne, known commonly as the Estuarine triplefin or the Cockabully, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Forsterygion.	Estuarine triplefin	Forsterygion
parent taxon	The Kamchatka flounder, Atheresthes evermanni, is a flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae.	Kamchatka flounder	Atheresthes
parent taxon	Calycadenia is a genus of flowering plants in the aster family, Asteraceae, known commonly as the western rosinweeds.	Calycadenia	Asteraceae
parent taxon	Botia (Indian loaches) is a genus of freshwater fish in the loach family (Botiidae).	Botia	Botiidae
parent taxon	The Phasianinae (Horsfield, 1821) are a subfamily of the pheasant family (Phasianidae) of landfowl, the order Galliformes.	Phasianinae	Phasianidae
parent taxon	Coloraderpeton is an extinct genus of aïstopod lepospondyl within the family Oestocephalidae.	Coloraderpeton	Oestocephalidae
parent taxon	Consolida is a genus of about 40 species of annual flowering plants in the family Ranunculaceae, native to western Europe, the Mediterranean and Asia.	Consolida	Ranunculaceae
parent taxon	Avicennia is a genus of flowering plants currently placed in the bear's breeches family, Acanthaceae.	Avicennia	Acanthaceae
parent taxon	Graptostethus is a genus in the insect family Lygaeidae (seed bugs).	Graptostethus	Lygaeidae
parent taxon	The Moaif tree frog (Litoria mystax) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family, endemic to West Papua, Indonesia.	Moaif tree frog	Litoria
parent taxon	Tricholaema is a bird genus in the African barbet family (Lybiidae) which was formerly included in the Capitonidae and sometimes in the Ramphastidae.	Tricholaema	Capitonidae
parent taxon	Flavocetraria is a genus of lichenized fungi within the Parmeliaceae family.	Flavocetraria	Parmeliaceae
parent taxon	Cladopelma is a genus of non-biting midges in the subfamily Chironominae and tribe ((Chironomini)) of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.	Cladopelma	Chironomidae
parent taxon	Laosaphaenops deharvengi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Laosaphaenops.	Laosaphaenops	Carabidae
parent taxon	Trirachopoda was a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.	Trirachopoda	Geometridae
parent taxon	Brimeura is a genus of bulb-forming, monocotyledonous perennial plants in the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Scilloideae, native to southeastern Europe and certain islands of the western Mediterranean.	Brimeura	Scilloideae
parent taxon	Fusicolla is a genus of seven species of ascomycete fungi in the family Nectriaceae.	Fusicolla	Nectriaceae
parent taxon	Mammuthus lamarmorai is a species of mammoth which lived during the late Middle and Upper Pleistocene (between 450,000 to perhaps 40,000 years) on the island of Sardinia.	Mammuthus lamarmorai	mammoth
parent taxon	The family Talpidae includes the moles, shrew moles, desmans, and other intermediate forms of small insectivorous mammals of the order Soricomorpha.	Talpidae	Soricomorpha
parent taxon	Dimerocostus is a group of plants in the Costaceae described as a genus in 1891.	Dimerocostus	Costaceae
parent taxon	The Australian swiftlet (Aerodramus terraereginae) is a small bird belonging to the genus Aerodramus in the swift family, Apodidae.	Australian swiftlet	Aerodramus
parent taxon	Hopkins's groove-toothed swamp rat (Pelomys hopkinsi Hayman, 1955) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Hopkins's groove-toothed swamp rat	Pelomys
parent taxon	Prothoe is a genus of charaxine butterflies in the family Nymphalidae.	Prothoe	Nymphalidae
parent taxon	Hose's palm civet (Diplogale hosei), also known as Hose's civet, is a civet species endemic to the island of Borneo.	Hose's palm civet	Diplogale
parent taxon	Crystallaria is a genus of darters in the family Percidae found in the Mississippi River basin from Ohio to Minnesota and in southern Mississippi, northern Louisiana, and southeastern Oklahoma, and on the Gulf Slope of Escambia, Mobile Bay, and the Pearl River drainages.	Crystallaria	Percidae
parent taxon	The Neotropical fruit bats (Artibeus) are a genus of bats within the subfamily Stenodermatinae.	Artibeus	Stenodermatinae
parent taxon	Hylotrupini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae, containing the single genus Hylotrupes and the single species Hylotrupes bajulus.	Hylotrupini	Cerambycinae
parent taxon	Caryophyllia is a genus of solitary corals in the family Caryophylliidae.	Caryophyllia	Caryophylliidae
parent taxon	Electrostephanus is an extinct genus of crown wasp in the hymenopteran family Stephanidae, and is the only genus placed in the subfamily Electrostephaninae.	Electrostephanus	Electrostephaninae
parent taxon	The Taiwan wren-babbler or Taiwan cupwing, (Pnoepyga formosana), is a species of passerine bird in its own family, Pnoepygidae.	Taiwan wren-babbler	Pnoepyga
parent taxon	Gallimimus was assigned to the Ornithomimidae in 1972.	Gallimimus	Ornithomimidae
parent taxon	Distichodus is a genus of fish in the Distichodontidae family found in tropical Africa.	Distichodus	Distichodontidae
parent taxon	Humphrey's caecilian, Ichthyophis humphreyi, is a species of caecilian found presumably in tropical Asia.	Humphrey's caecilian	Ichthyophis
parent taxon	Besuchetia ceylanica is a species of beetle in the family Latridiidae, the only species in the genus Besuchetia.	Besuchetia	Latridiidae
parent taxon	In taxonomy, the Chaetophoraceae are a family of green algae, specifically of the order Chaetophorales.	Chaetophoraceae	Chaetophorales
parent taxon	Eurydictyon conspicuum is a species of beetle in the family Ommatidae, the only species in the genus Eurydictyon.	Eurydictyon	Ommatidae
parent taxon	Striped ground squirrels (genus Lariscus) form a taxon of squirrels under the subfamily Callosciurinae.	Lariscus	Callosciurinae
parent taxon	Distocupes is a monotypic genus of beetles in the family Cupedidae, the reticulated beetles.	Distocupes	Cupedidae
parent taxon	Elliottia is a genus of plants in the Ericaceae, with four species, two in North American and two in Japan.	Elliottia	Ericaceae
parent taxon	The Borneo shark (Carcharhinus borneensis) is a species of requiem shark, and part of the family Carcharhinidae.	Borneo shark	Carcharhinus
parent taxon	Lazarussuchus is the youngest member of the group Choristodera and the only choristodere to have lived after the Eocene.	Lazarussuchus	Choristodera
parent taxon	The Rio Grande shiner (Notropis jemezanus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Rio Grande shiner	Notropis
parent taxon	The Mount Sinai gecko (Hemidactylus mindiae) is a species of lizard in the Gekkonidae family.	Mount Sinai gecko	Hemidactylus
parent taxon	Azov shemaya (Alburnus leobergi) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Alburnus.	Azov shemaya	Alburnus
parent taxon	Porter's rock rat (Aconaemys porteri) is a species of rodent in the family Octodontidae.	Porter's rock rat	Aconaemys
parent taxon	The Urocordylidae belong to a group within the Lepospondyli called the Nectridea, which include forms with long tails and short bodies.	Urocordylidae	Nectridea
parent taxon	Bank myna (Acridotheres ginginianus), called ``Sharak'' in Punjabi, is a myna found in South Asia.	Bank myna	Acridotheres
parent taxon	Ophidiella is a subgenus of the genus Plasmodium created in 1966 by Garnham.	Ophidiella	Plasmodium
parent taxon	The Natricinae are a subfamily of the Colubridae family of snakes, which comprises 28 genera.	Natricinae	Colubridae
parent taxon	Syringa (Lilac) is a genus of 12 currently recognized species of flowering woody plants in the olive family (Oleaceae), native to woodland and scrub from southeastern Europe to eastern Asia, and widely and commonly cultivated in temperate areas elsewhere.	Syringa	Oleaceae
parent taxon	The California kingsnake (Lampropeltis getula californiae) is a nonvenomous colubrid snake endemic to the western United States and northern Mexico.	California kingsnake	Lampropeltis getula
parent taxon	In taxonomy, the Korarchaeota are a phylum of the Archaea.	Korarchaeota	Archaea
parent taxon	Cercyonis is a genus of butterflies of the subfamily Satyrinae, commonly called wood-nymphs or wood nymphs in the family Nymphalidae found in North America.	Cercyonis	Nymphalidae
parent taxon	Funchalia is a genus of deep-water prawns of the family Penaeidae.	Funchalia	Penaeidae
parent taxon	Mysorelloides multisulcata is a species of tropical freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Paludomidae.	Mysorelloides multisulcata	Paludomidae
parent taxon	The El Cusuco salamander (Bolitoglossa diaphora) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	El Cusuco salamander	Bolitoglossa
parent taxon	The subfamily Spiraeoideae was traditionally a subfamily of flowering plants within family Rosaceae.	Spiraeoideae	Rosaceae
parent taxon	Gallardosaurus was a pliosaurid, a member of the family Pliosauridae, a group of short-necked reptiles that lived during the Mesozoic Era.	Gallardosaurus	Pliosauridae
parent taxon	Smithatris is a new genus of the ginger family (Zingiberaceae).	Smithatris	Zingiberaceae
parent taxon	The Rio Suno antwren (Myrmotherula sunensis) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae.	Rio Suno antwren	Myrmotherula
parent taxon	Anthurium (/ænˈθjuːriəm/; Schott, 1829), is a genus of about 1000 species of flowering plants, the largest genus of the arum family, Araceae.	Anthurium	Araceae
parent taxon	Gladiolus (from Latin, the diminutive of gladius, a sword) is a genus of perennial cormous flowering plants in the iris family (Iridaceae).	Gladiolus	Iridaceae
parent taxon	Numerous plants, mainly Acanthaceae, are former members of Ruellia.	Ruellia	Acanthaceae
parent taxon	Helicteroideae is a subfamily of the Malvaceae family.	Helicteroideae	Malvaceae
parent taxon	Whether or not this is the case, Sinraptor and Yangchuanosaurus were close relatives, and are classified together in the family Metriacanthosauridae.	Sinraptor	Metriacanthosauridae
parent taxon	The Senegalese ladyfish, Elops senegalensis, is a species of fish in the Elopidae family, and is native to the coastal waters of the eastern Atlantic Ocean from Mauritania to the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Senegalese ladyfish	Elops
parent taxon	Jenkinidae is a family of the order Leucosolenida.	Jenkinidae	Leucosolenida
parent taxon	Cyanagraea praedator is ``by far the largest'' species in the family Bythograeidae, growing to a maximum carapace size of 123.0 mm × 74.8 mm (4.84 in × 2.94 in).	Cyanagraea	Bythograeidae
parent taxon	Homoranthus is a genus of shrub in the myrtle family Myrtaceae described as a genus in 1836.	Homoranthus	Myrtaceae
parent taxon	Azara's night monkey (Aotus azarae), also known as the southern night monkey, is a night monkey species from South America.	Azara's night monkey	Aotus
parent taxon	Griphomyia is a genus of fruit fly in the family Tephritidae.	Griphomyia	Tephritidae
parent taxon	The West African black turtle (Pelusios niger) is a species of turtle in the Pelomedusidae family.	West African black turtle	Pelusios
parent taxon	Salinator is a genus of small, air-breathing, terrestrial or semi-marine snails with an operculum, pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Amphibolidae.	Salinator	Amphibolidae
parent taxon	Isoetales, formerly also written Isoëtales, is an order of plants in the class Isoetopsida.	Isoetales	Isoetopsida
parent taxon	Arterivirus is the only genus of viruses in the family Arteriviridae, which is within the order Nidovirales.	Arterivirus	Nidovirales
parent taxon	Amomyrtella irregularis (formerly Myrcianthes irregularis) is a species of tree in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae.	Amomyrtella irregularis	Myrcianthes
parent taxon	The Saint Helena earwig or Saint Helena giant earwig (Labidura herculeana) was a species of earwig endemic to the oceanic island of Saint Helena in the south Atlantic Ocean.	Saint Helena earwig	Labidura
parent taxon	Heikegani (平家蟹, ヘイケガニ) (Heikeopsis japonica) is a species of crab native to Japan, with a shell that bears a pattern resembling a human face which many believed to be the face of an angry samurai hence the nickname Samurai Crab.	Heikegani	Heikeopsis
parent taxon	The Tufted duck (Aythya fuligula) is a small diving duck with a population of close to one million birds.	Tufted duck	Aythya
parent taxon	Naesiotus is a genus of tropical air-breathing land snails, a pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Bulimulidae.	Naesiotus	Bulimulidae
parent taxon	Saitoella is a genus of two species of yeast in the family Protomycetaceae.	Saitoella	Protomycetaceae
parent taxon	Comitas is a genus of medium-sized sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Turridae, the turrids.	Comitas	Turridae
parent taxon	Trapezitinae is a subfamily of the Hesperiidae (``skippers'') family of butterflies.	Trapezitinae	Hesperiidae
parent taxon	The Arfak rainbowfish (Melanotaenia arfakensis) is a species of fish in the Melanotaeniidae family.	Arfak rainbowfish	Melanotaenia
parent taxon	A palpigrade, commonly known as a microwhip scorpion, is an invertebrate animal belonging to the order Palpigradi in the class Arachnida, in the subphylum Chelicerata of the phylum Arthropoda.	Palpigradi	Arachnida
parent taxon	The Sri Lanka bush warbler, Ceylon bush warbler or Palliser's warbler (Elaphrornis palliseri) is an Old World warbler which is an endemic resident breeder in Sri Lanka, where it is the only bush warbler.	Sri Lanka bush warbler	Elaphrornis
parent taxon	Oligobuninae is an extinct subfamily of the family Mustelidae.	Oligobuninae	Mustelidae
parent taxon	Merriam's pocket gopher (Cratogeomys merriami) is a species of rodent in the family Geomyidae.	Merriam's pocket gopher	Cratogeomys
parent taxon	The Anchieta's cobra (Naja anchietae), also called the Angolan cobra is a species of cobra in the Elapidae family; it is native to the southern regions of Africa.	Anchieta's cobra	Naja
parent taxon	Panarica is a genus in the orchid family (Orchidaceae) and contains 6 species.	Panarica	Orchidaceae
parent taxon	Spider monkeys of the genus Ateles are New World monkeys in the subfamily Atelinae, family Atelidae.	Spider monkey	Atelinae
parent taxon	The Jamaican blackbird (Nesopsar nigerrimus) is a species of bird in the New World blackbird and oriole family Icteridae.	Jamaican blackbird	Nesopsar
parent taxon	Magnistipula is a genus of plant in family Chrysobalanaceae described as a genus in 1905.	Magnistipula	Chrysobalanaceae
parent taxon	Hypodematium glabrum Ching ex Shing Hypodematium glandulosum Ching ex Shing Hypodematium glanduloso-pilosum (Tagawa) Ohwi Hypodematium gracile Ching Hypodematium microlepioides Ching ex Shing Hypodematium phegopteroideum Kuhn Hypodematium sinense Iwatsuki Hypodematium squamuloso-pilosum Ching Hypodematium taiwanensis Ching ex Shing Hypodematium is the type genus of the family Hypodematiaceae.	Hypodematium	Hypodematiaceae
parent taxon	Garra dembeensis (the Dembea stone lapper or Cameroon logsucker) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Garra.	Cameroon logsucker	Garra
parent taxon	Myiagra is a genus of passerine birds in family Monarchidae, the monarch flycatchers, sometimes referred to as the broad-billed flycatchers or simply broadbills (not to be confused with the broadbills of the family Eurylaimidae).	Myiagra	Monarchidae
participant of	Fabian Michaels competed in all three throws at the 2004 Summer Paralympics and even showed his versatility by running a leg of the South African 4x100m relay team, but it was in the javelin that he won a silver medal.	Fabian Michaels	2004 Summer Paralympics
participant of	George Borba (Hebrew: ג'ורג' בורבה‎; born in 1944 in Italy), is a former Israeli international footballer who was part of the squad that competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1970 FIFA World Cup, Israel's only world cup appearance.	George Borba	1968 Summer Olympics	1970 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Raymond Passello (12 January 1905 in Geneva-- 16 March 1987) was a Swiss footballer who played for Switzerland in the 1934 FIFA World Cup.	Raymond Passello	1934 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Coral Bentley (born 30 December 1984 in Dandenong, Victoria) is a retired Australian synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Coral Bentley	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hélène de Pourtalès (28 April 1868 New York -- 2 November 1945 Geneva), born as Helen Barbey, was a Swiss sailor who competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics.	Hélène de Pourtalès	1900 Summer Olympics
participant of	Axel Alfredsson (2 May 1902 -- 9 August 1966) was a Swedish association football player who won a bronze medal at the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Axel Alfredsson	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zvi Rosen (Hebrew: צבי רוזן‎; born 23 June 1947) is an Israeli former international footballer who competed at the 1970 FIFA World Cup, as well as at the 1968 Summer Olympics.	Zvi Rosen	1970 FIFA World Cup	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jean-Louis Prianon (born February 22, 1960 in Saint-Joseph, Réunion) is a retired long-distance runner from France, who represented his native country in the men's 10,000 metres at the 1988 Summer Olympics, finishing in fourth place.	Jean-Louis Prianon	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Donald Wailan-Walalangi (born April 14, 1960) is a retired tennis player from Indonesia, who represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.	Donald Wailan-Walalangi	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Catherine Melain (born 19 May 1974) is a French former basketball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Catherine Melain	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mikhail Zhelobovskiy (Belarusian: Міхаіл Жэлабоўскі; born 8 May 1946) is a Belarusian former long-distance runner who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics.	Mikhail Zhelobovskiy	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Seo Joo-hyung (born 25 March 1980) is a South Korean sport shooter who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Seo Joo-hyung	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ralf Brudel (born 6 February 1963 in Potsdam) is a retired German rower who won a gold medal in 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.	Ralf Brudel	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Adam Wiercioch (born November 1, 1980 in Gliwice, Śląskie) is a Polish fencer who won a silver medal in Men's Team Épée (Fencing) at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, together with Tomasz Motyka, Radosław Zawrotniak, and Robert Andrzejuk.	Adam Wiercioch	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jean-François Berthet (born 23 August 1969) is a French yacht racer who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Jean-François Berthet	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Fiona Crawford (born 21 February 1977 in Sydney) is a softball player from Australia, who won a bronze medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics and a silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Fiona Crawford	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	In 2013 Bibian Mentel qualified for the 2014 Winter Paralympics.	Bibian Mentel	2014 Winter Paralympics
participant of	Olle Håkansson (born 22 February 1927, died 11 February 2001) is a Swedish football midfielder who played for Sweden in the 1958 FIFA World Cup.	Olle Håkansson	1958 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Hansje Bunschoten (born 3 May 1958 in Hilversum, North Holland) is a former freestyle swimmer from the Netherlands, who competed for her native country at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany.	Hansje Bunschoten	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Steve Gay (born September 1, 1947 in La Paz, Bolivia) is a former U.S. collegiate soccer forward who was on the U.S. soccer team at the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Steve Gay	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sanja Malagurski (Serbian Cyrillic: Сања Малагурски; born 8 June 1990) is a Serbian volleyball player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Sanja Malagurski	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Karma Tenzin (born 1 December 1972), is a archer who internationally represented Bhutan Tenzin competed for Bhutan at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, he finished 71st in the individual event and the three man team finished 20th.	Karma Tenzin	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ami Aspelund has participated in Rostock Festival in 1981, in Eurovision Song Contest 1983 ``Fantasiaa'' (``Fantasy'', music by Kari Kuusamo and lyrics by Kaisu Liuhala) where she finished in 11th place with 41 points.	Ami Aspelund	Eurovision Song Contest 1983
participant of	Yordan Angelov (Bulgarian: Йордан Ангелов, August 28, 1953 -- May 5, 2013) was a Bulgarian volleyball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Yordan Angelov	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rodolfo Choperena Irizarri (born February 11, 1905, date of death unknown) was a Mexican basketball player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Rodolfo Choperena	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sun Ribo (born December 18, 1976 in Zhangwu) is a former Chinese biathlete who competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics, the 2002 Winter Olympics and the 2006 Winter Olympics.	Sun Ribo	1998 Winter Olympics	2002 Winter Olympics	2006 Winter Olympics
participant of	Dieter Waskow (born 24 June 1957 in Rostock) is a German former diver who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Dieter Waskow	1976 Summer Olympics	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Federico Roman won an individual gold medal in eventing at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.	Federico Roman	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Erik Winnberg (July 22, 1895 in Östersund, Jämtland -- May 5, 1981) was a Swedish cross country skier who competed in the 1924 Winter Olympics.	Erik Winnberg	1924 Winter Olympics
participant of	Twin Twin also represented France in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Copenhagen, Denmark, with the song ``Moustache''.	Twin Twin	Eurovision Song Contest 2014
participant of	Sloan Doak (January 28, 1886 -- August 10, 1965) was an American horse rider who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics, in the 1924 Summer Olympics, and in the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Sloan Doak	1920 Summer Olympics	1924 Summer Olympics	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kevin Rigby (born 4 July 1942) is a former field hockey player from New Zealand, who was a member of the national men's team that finished ninth at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.	Kevin Rigby	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Larbi Benboudaoud (born 5 March 1974 in Bordj Zemoura, Algeria) is a judoka from France, who won the silver medal in the half lightweight (-- 66 kg) division at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.	Larbi Benboudaoud	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Massimo Giacoppo (10 May 1983) is an Italian Water Polo player, part of the Italian team that won the silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Massimo Giacoppo	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jiří Sobotka (6 June 1911 -- 20 May 1994), aka Georges Sobotka, is a former Czechoslovak footballer, who played internationally for Czechoslovakia (23 caps, 8 goals), and participated at the 1934 FIFA World Cup when Czechoslovakia came in second.	Jiří Sobotka	1934 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Jacinta van Lint (born 27 March 1979) is an Australian freestyle swimmer who won a silver medal in the 4x200-metre freestyle relay at the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Jacinta van Lint	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	József Bencsics (6 August 1933) was a Hungarian footballer who played for Haladás, Újpest FC and Pécsi Dózsa as well as representing the Hungarian national football team at the 1958 FIFA World Cup.	József Bencsics	1958 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Previously, José Mari was a member of the national squad which won the silver medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.	José Mari	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ioannis Giannouris (born 13 January 1958) is a retired Greek water polo player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Ioannis Giannouris	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Vladimir Bakulin (3 September 1939 -- 10 December 2012) was a Kazakhstani wrestler who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics.	Vladimir Bakulin	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Eddy Bengtsson (born April 30, 1979 in Gothenburg) is a Swedish retired wrestler who competed in the Men's Greco-Roman 120 kg at the 2004 Summer Olympics and 2000 Summer Olympics.	Eddy Bengtsson	2004 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gisela Jacob (née Gisela Arendt; 5 November 1918 -- 18 February 1969) was a German swimmer who won three medals at the 1934 European Aquatics Championships and two medals at the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Gisela Arendt	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rudolph Novak (29 January 1887 in Chroustovice -- 16 October 1968 in Cedar Rapids, Iowa) was an American gymnast who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Rudolph Novak	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jürgen Hasler (born 7 May 1973) is a Liechtenstein former alpine skier who competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics, 1998 Winter Olympics and 2002 Winter Olympics.	Jürgen Hasler	1994 Winter Olympics	1998 Winter Olympics	2002 Winter Olympics
participant of	Amanda Laird (born 12 August 1978) is an Australian former synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Amanda Laird	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Alexis Vastine (17 November 1986 -- 9 March 2015) was a French boxer who won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the Light Welterweight division.	Alexis Vastine	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Henry Brault (born 29 March 1928) is a former French sprinter who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Henry Brault	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Wolfgang Behrendt (14 July 1936 in Berlin) was a bantamweight amateur boxer from East Germany, who competed for the United Team of Germany at the 1956 Summer Olympics.	Wolfgang Behrendt	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	Said Saif Asaad (born Angel Popov; May 31, 1979 in Bulgaria), is a Qatari weightlifter who competed in the Men's 105 kg weight class at the 2000 Summer Olympics and won a bronze medal.	Said Saif Asaad	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jean Alavoine was a French professional cyclist, who won 17 stages in the Tour de France - only eight riders have won more stages - and wore the yellow jersey for five days.	Jean Alavoine	Tour de France
participant of	František Janda-Suk (Czech pronunciation: (ˈfrancɪʃɛk ˈjanda ˈsuk)) (March 25, 1878 -- June 23, 1955) was a Czech athlete who competed for Bohemia in the 1900 Summer Olympics and in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	František Janda-Suk	1900 Summer Olympics	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Simmone Morrow (born 31 October 1976 in Cowell, South Australia) is a softball player from Australia, who won a bronze medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics and a silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Simmone Morrow	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Godfrey Castro (born April 20, 1985) is an amateur boxer from the Philippines who competed in the Light Flyweight (-48 kg) division at the 2006 Asian Games winning the bronze medal in a lost bout in the semifinals against Thailand's Suban Pannon 20-40.	Godfrey Castro	2006 Asian Games
participant of	Mario José García Rodriguez (born 15 July 1983) is a Spanish water polo player who competed in the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.	Mario José García	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Siegfried Voigt (born October 3, 1950 in Schneeberg, Saxony) is a former East German handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Siegfried Voigt	1972 Summer Olympics	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Alois Dvořáček (born January 26, 1909, date of death unknown) was a Czech basketball player who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Alois Dvořáček	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Michel Daignault (born June 25, 1966) is a Canadian short track speed skater who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics and in the 1992 Winter Olympics.	Michel Daignault	1988 Winter Olympics	1992 Winter Olympics
participant of	Can Bonomo (born 16 May 1987, İzmir) is a Turkish singer who represented Turkey in the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 in Baku, Azerbaijan.	Can Bonomo	Eurovision Song Contest 2012
participant of	Jan Małkowiak (May 20, 1919 in Gelsenkirchen, Germany -- July 26, 1991 in Gniezno) was a Polish field hockey player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Jan Małkowiak	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zou Zhenxian (simplified Chinese: 邹振先; traditional Chinese: 鄒振先; pinyin: Zōu Zhènxiān; born November 10, 1955) is a retired Chinese triple jumper, best known for finishing fourth at the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Zou Zhenxian	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Anke Wild (born October 12, 1967 in Rüsselsheim, Hessen) is a former field hockey player from Germany, who was a member of the Women's National Team that won the silver medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.	Anke Wild	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rodolfo Rombaldoni (born December 15, 1976) is a basketball player from Sant'Elpidio a Mare, Italy, who won the silver medal with the Italian men's national team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Rodolfo Rombaldoni	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Neiokõsõ is an Estonian group who represented their country in the Eurovision Song Contest 2004 with the song ``Tii'' ('road') and came 12th in the Semi-Final with 57 points.	Neiokõsõ	Eurovision Song Contest 2004
participant of	Hiromi Kawabata (川畑宏美, born 23 March 1979) is a Japanese former basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Hiromi Kawabata	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Omer Taverne (Binche, 27 July 1904 -- Binche, 10 October 1981) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer, who won two stages in the Tour de France.	Omer Taverne	Tour de France
participant of	Vincent Lafko (born June 7, 1945 in Hranovnica, died December 15, 2012 in Prešov) is a Czechoslovak/Slovak handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Vincent Lafko	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Delroy Leslie (born February 27, 1970) is a retired boxer from Jamaica, who competed for his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.	Delroy Leslie	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mohamed Mkacher (Arabic: محمد مكشر‎) (born 25 May 1975 in Sousse) was a Tunisian football defender who also was nominated for the Tunisian national team at the 2002 FIFA World Cup.	Mohamed Mkacher	2002 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Oswald Rathmann (born 21 July 1891, date of death unknown) was a German road racing cyclist who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Oswald Rathmann	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Horst Stottmeister (born 7 January 1948, in Stendal) is a German former wrestler who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Horst Stottmeister	1972 Summer Olympics	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Élodie Lorandi (born in Cannes on 31 May 1989) is a French Paralympic swimmer who won silver at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in the 200m individual medley SM10.	Élodie Lorandi	2008 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Alberto Cova (born December 1, 1958) is a retired Italian long-distance track athlete, winner of the 10,000 m at the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Alberto Cova	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Wilhelm Brem (born 23 November 1977) is a Paralympic biathlete and cross-country skier competing for Germany at the 2010 Winter Paralympics.	Wilhelm Brem	2010 Winter Paralympics
participant of	Kennedy McKinney (born January 10, 1966 in Hernando, Mississippi) is an American former professional boxer, who won the bantamweight gold medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Kennedy McKinney	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hwang Chul-soon (Hangul: 황철순; born 13 September 1957) is a South Korean former boxer who competed as a bantam-weight (54-kg class) in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Hwang Chul-soon	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Radosław Zawrotniak (born September 2, 1981 in Kraków, Małopolskie) is a Polish fencer who won a silver medal in Men's Team Épée (Fencing) at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, together with Tomasz Motyka, Adam Wiercioch, and Robert Andrzejuk.	Radosław Zawrotniak	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Saburo Ito (Japanese: 伊藤 三郎, Itō Saburō, born July 18, 1915) is a Japanese breaststroke swimmer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Saburo Ito	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Michel Turler (May 14, 1944 - April 8, 2010) was a former Swiss professional ice hockey forward who played for HC La Chaux-de-Fonds and EHC Biel in the National League A. He also represented the Swiss national team at the 1972 Winter Olympics.	Michel Turler	1972 Winter Olympics
participant of	Antonio Pocovi (January 20, 1922 - November 18, 2004) was an Argentine athlete who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics in the 400m and the 4 x 400m relay, in both events he finished 3rd in the first round and failed to advance.	Antonio Pocovi	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Vasilijus Matuševas (October 18, 1945 -- October 24, 1989) was a Lithuanian former volleyball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1968 Summer Olympics.	Vasilijus Matuševas	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ng Joo Pong (born 19 June 1946) is a Malaysian cyclist who represented Malaysia at the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1966 Asian Games.	Ng Joo Pong	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gbenga Oloukun (born June 14, 1983) is a boxer from Nigeria, who participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics for his native West African country.	Gbenga Oloukun	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	At age 21, Ervin Zádor represented Hungary at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne.	Ervin Zádor	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	José Norberto Huezo Montoya (born 6 June 1956) is a retired football player from El Salvador who represented his country at the 1982 FIFA World Cup in Spain.	Norberto Huezo	1982 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Marat Ganeyev (born 6 December 1964 in Naberezhnye Chelny, Soviet Union) is a retired track cyclist from Russia, who won the bronze medal for the Soviet Union in the men's points race at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.	Marat Ganeyev	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nicolas Charbonnier (born 4 August 1981) is a French sailor, Olympic athlete who won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics Games (Beijing China).	Nicolas Charbonnier	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	John Cleve Livingston (born May 24, 1947) is an American rower who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Cleve Livingston	1968 Summer Olympics	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ebrahim Mehraban (Persian: ابراهیم مهربان‎‎, born 11 February 1972) is an Iranian former wrestler who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Ebrahim Mehraban	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Iliyan Nedkov (Bulgarian: Илиян Недков) (born 18 March 1958) is a Bulgarian former judoka who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Iliyan Nedkov	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	In 2011, Pauline Hoarau won the Elite Model Look conquest in Réunion and represented her island at the international final.	Pauline Hoarau	Elite Model Look
participant of	Nicole Struse (born May 31, 1971 in Haan, North Rhine Westphalia) is a table tennis player from Germany, who won several national contests and reached round three with Elke Wosik in the Women's Doubles Competition at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Nicole Struse	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ignacio Cobos Vidal (born June 12, 1966 in Madrid) is a former field hockey player from Spain, who won the silver medal with the Men's National Team at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Ignacio Cobos	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Barbara Deckx (born 22 January 1974 in Turnhout), better known by her stage name Barbara Dex, is a Belgian singer who represented her country in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993 with the song ``Iemand als jij''.	Barbara Dex	Eurovision Song Contest 1993
participant of	Hermann Salomon (born 13 April 1938 in Danzig) is a German former javelin thrower who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics, in the 1964 Summer Olympics, and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.	Hermann Salomon	1960 Summer Olympics	1964 Summer Olympics	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kevin Paul (born 30 June 1991) is a South African swimmer who received a gold medal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics held in Beijing.	Kevin Paul	2008 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Atanas Shopov (born 4 October 1951) is a Bulgarian former weightlifter who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Atanas Shopov	1972 Summer Olympics	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ace Rusevski (born November 30, 1956 in Kumanovo, SFR Yugoslavia, now Republic of Macedonia) is a retired Macedonian boxer, who represented Yugoslavia at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada.	Ace Rusevski	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gustav Harry Jansson (also known as Harry Jangneus, June 4, 1916 -- March 11, 2002) was a Swedish speed skater who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics.	Harry Jansson	1948 Winter Olympics
participant of	Glennis Grace (born as Glenda Hulita Elisabeth Batta, 19 June 1978, Amsterdam) is a singer from the Netherlands who in 2005 won the national selection in the Netherlands for the Eurovision Song Contest 2005 for the nation.	Glennis Grace	Eurovision Song Contest 2005
participant of	Greg Windsperger (born December 30, 1951 in Minneapolis) is an American former ski jumper who competed in the 1976 Winter Olympics.	Greg Windsperger	1976 Winter Olympics
participant of	Mateusz Gucman (born April 19, 1980 in Głubczyce) is a Polish Freestyle wrestler who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.	Mateusz Gucman	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jelica Komnenović (born 20 April 1960) is a former basketball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Jelica Komnenović	1980 Summer Olympics	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	In the end, Anabela won, and on May 15, she went on to represent Portugal in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993 in Millstreet, Ireland, with the song she performed at the Festival RTP da Canção, ``A cidade (até ser dia)'' (The city, until dawn).	Anabela	Eurovision Song Contest 1993
participant of	Deborah Criddle MBE (born on 10 May 1966) is a British para-equestrian who won three gold medals at the 2004 Summer Paralympics and three medals at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.	Deborah Criddle	2004 Summer Paralympics	2012 Summer Paralympics
participant of	On 18 February 2009, Stephane & 3G participated again and won the Georgian national final, therefore the band were going to represent Georgia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow, Russia, with the song We Don't Wanna Put In.	Stephane & 3G	Eurovision Song Contest 2009
participant of	Wang Manli (Chinese: 王曼丽, Wáng Mànlì, born 17 March 1973) is a Chinese ice speed skater who won a silver medal in the Women's 500 m at the 2006 Winter Olympics.	Wang Manli	2006 Winter Olympics
participant of	Silvio Pietroboni (born 9 April 1904 in Milan; died 18 February 1987) was an Italian football (soccer) player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Silvio Pietroboni	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Margaux Farrell (born August 22, 1990) is an American-born swimmer who has represented France in international competition, and who won a bronze medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Margaux Farrell	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Douglas Winston (born 16 December 1932) is an Australian former sprinter who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.	Douglas Winston	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jonathan Guilmette (born August 18, 1978 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian short track speed skater who won silver in the 5000m relay at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin.	Jonathan Guilmette	2006 Winter Olympics
participant of	Ho Chi Ho (born 20 February 1981) is a sailor from Hong Kong, China who won a silver medal at the 2006 Asian Games in the mistral heavy class.	Ho Chi Ho	2006 Asian Games
performer	``Grandma's Hands'' is a song written by Bill Withers about his own grandmother.	Grandma's Hands	Bill Withers
performer	For Swingin' Livers Only! is an album by Allan Sherman, released by Warner Brothers Records in 1964.	For Swingin' Livers Only!	Allan Sherman
performer	Bloody Men is the 20th studio album by the British electric folk band Steeleye Span.	Bloody Men	Steeleye Span
performer	The Longest EP is a compilation album by the American punk rock band NOFX, which was released on August 17, 2010.	The Longest EP	NOFX
performer	Damaged Justice was the fourth concert tour by the American thrash metal band Metallica.	Damaged Justice	Metallica
performer	Suicide Train is the second album of New Zealand band, Ghost Club released in 2005.	Suicide Train	Ghost Club
performer	Close to Perfection is a 1985 Hi-NRG album by Miquel Brown, produced by Ian Levine and Fiachra Trench.	Close to Perfection	Miquel Brown
performer	Anchor Drops is Umphrey's McGee's third studio album, released on June 29, 2004.	Anchor Drops	Umphrey's McGee
performer	``San Francisco (You've Got Me)'' is a disco song by the American disco group Village People.	San Francisco (You've Got Me)	Village People
performer	Is This My World? was the debut album by Boston hardcore punk band Jerry's Kids.	Is This My World?	Jerry's Kids
performer	``Scared of the Police'' is the debut single by Surrey-based rock band Reuben.	Scared of the Police	Reuben
performer	Healthy in Paranoid Times is the sixth studio album by Canadian alternative rock band Our Lady Peace, released on August 30, 2005 by Columbia Records.	Healthy in Paranoid Times	Our Lady Peace
performer	Mexico Azul (Blue Mexico), is the sixth studio album by the Latin jazz Mexican singer Magos Herrera.	Mexico Azul	Magos Herrera
performer	``Na Na Nana Na Na'' is a song by American hip hop recording artist Jim Jones, released as the second single from his fourth studio album, Pray IV Reign (2009).	Na Na Nana Na Na	Jim Jones
performer	Good Gracious! is an album by jazz saxophonist Lou Donaldson recorded for the Blue Note label in 1963 and performed by Donaldson with Grant Green, Big John Patton, and Ben Dixon.	Good Gracious!	Lou Donaldson
performer	Pictures of the Other Side is the third studio album to have been released by British singer-songwriter and former Pop Idol runner-up, Gareth Gates.	Pictures of the Other Side	Gareth Gates
performer	We Came to Party is an album recorded by the R&B performer Roy Brown.	We Came to Party	Roy Brown
performer	A Predator's Portrait is the third full-length studio album released by the Swedish melodic death metal band, Soilwork.	A Predator's Portrait	Soilwork
performer	Electric Version is the second studio album by Canadian indie rock group The New Pornographers.	Electric Version	The New Pornographers
performer	R.E.V.O. is the third studio album and debut major-label album by Canadian indie band Walk off the Earth.	R.E.V.O.	Walk off the Earth
performer	What Do You Know About Love? is an album by singer and actress Della Reese.	What Do You Know About Love?	Della Reese
performer	Thuggin' Under the Influence (T.U.I.) is the debut studio album by American rapper Young Jeezy, under the initial name `` Li'l J''.	Thuggin' Under the Influence (T.U.I.)	Young Jeezy
performer	Street Language is the title of the fourth studio album released by American country music artist Rodney Crowell.	Street Language	Rodney Crowell
performer	Hello Hum is the fifth album by Canadian indie rock band Wintersleep, released on June 12, 2012.	Hello Hum	Wintersleep
performer	``Y Todo Queda en Nada'' (English: ``And Everything Ends in Nothing'') is the fifth single from Ricky Martin's album, Almas del Silencio (2003).	Y Todo Queda en Nada	Ricky Martin
performer	Will of the Gods is Great Power was the debut and only album of the Russian doom metal band Scald.	Will of the Gods is Great Power	Scald
performer	Groove Family Cyco / Snapped Lika Mutha is the 3rd album by Infectious Grooves, a 1994 concept record about a family of crazy people (the 'Cycos').	Groove Family Cyco	Infectious Grooves
performer	``Bizzy Body'' is the first single by Houston rapper Paul Wall from his studio album Fast Life.	Bizzy Body	Paul Wall
performer	Wide World Hits is the title of a recording by the instrumental group The String-A-Longs, released on Atco SD 33-241.	Wide World Hits	The String-A-Longs
performer	``Causing a Commotion'' is a song by American singer Madonna from the soundtrack album to the 1987 film Who's That Girl.	Causing a Commotion	Madonna
performer	``I Know (You Don't Love Me No More)'' is a R&B song written and performed by American singer Barbara George.	I Know (You Don't Love Me No More)	Barbara George
performer	Pickin' & Fiddlin' is the third album by bluegrass group The Dillards, recorded with up and coming fiddle player Byron Berline.	Pickin' & Fiddlin'	The Dillards
performer	Burn Out at the Hydrogen Bar is an album by industrial rock band Chemlab.	Burn Out at the Hydrogen Bar	Chemlab
performer	``Lightning Crashes'' is a song by the rock band Live, from their 1994 album, Throwing Copper.	Lightning Crashes	Live
performer	``Too Shy'' is a song written and recorded by English band Kajagoogoo, released in 1983.	Too Shy	Kajagoogoo
performer	Historical America in Song, released in 1950 by Encyclopædia Britannica Films, is an album set by folk singer Burl Ives.	Historical America in Song	Burl Ives
performer	``Li'l Red Riding Hood'' is a 1966 song performed by Sam the Sham and the Pharaohs.	Li'l Red Riding Hood	Sam the Sham
performer	December's Children (And Everybody's) is the fifth American studio album by The Rolling Stones, released in late 1965.	December's Children (And Everybody's)	The Rolling Stones
performer	Premonición is the third studio album by David Bisbal that was released on 3 October 2006.	Premonición	David Bisbal
performer	A Dead Rose Wails for Light is a single by Sri Lanka-based heavy metal band, Stigmata.	A Dead Rose Wails for Light	Stigmata
performer	``Golden Love'' is the fifth single from New Zealand band Midnight Youth's debut album, The Brave Don't Run.	Golden Love	Midnight Youth
performer	Soul Exposed is the seventeenth album by singer Melba Moore, released in 1990.	Soul Exposed	Melba Moore
performer	Laws of Illusion is the seventh studio album by Canadian singer-songwriter Sarah McLachlan.	Laws of Illusion	Sarah McLachlan
performer	Casually Smashed to Pieces is the fifth studio album (not including their remix album) from post-rock band The Six Parts Seven.	Casually Smashed to Pieces	The Six Parts Seven
performer	Days in the Wake is an album by Palace Brothers, featuring Will Oldham on guitar and vocals.	Days in the Wake	Will Oldham
performer	The Weather is a collaboration album among rappers Busdriver and Radioinactive and record producer Daedelus.	The Weather	Busdriver
performer	``Grip!'' is the 24th single by the Japanese J-pop group Every Little Thing, released on March 12, 2003.	Grip!	Every Little Thing
performer	Born in the Delta is an album by blues pianist Pinetop Perkins that was released on May 27, 1997.	Born in the Delta	Pinetop Perkins
performer	Brannan Street is a collection of songs that were never on an American Music Club record - or a Mark Eitzel solo record.	Brannan Street	Mark Eitzel
performer	Oniriad is the third album by the Polish symphonic black metal band Darzamat which was released in 2003 and was recorded at their own studio The Post Street Studio in Poland.	Oniriad	Darzamat
performer	Mes Courants Électriques (English: My Electric Currents) is the second studio album by the French singer Alizée.	Mes Courants Électriques	Alizée
performer	``Love You Like Mad'' is the debut single by British band VS, and the first from their debut studio album, All Kinds of Trouble.	Love You Like Mad	VS
performer	Journey Inwards is the first full-length release by drum and bass artist LTJ Bukem which is composed entirely of his own music.	Journey Inwards	LTJ Bukem
performer	Essence of Soul (a.k.a. Essence of Soul: The Hits Collection) is a compilation album by Filipino R&B singer Kyla.	Essence of Soul	Kyla
performer	``Some Kind of Lover'' was the fourth single from Jody Watley's self-titled debut, Jody Watley.	Some Kind of Lover	Jody Watley
performer	``Ring My Bell'' is a 1979 disco song by Anita Ward.	Ring My Bell	Anita Ward
performer	``Did My Time'' is a song written and recorded by American rock band Korn for the film, Lara Croft Tomb Raider:	Did My Time	Korn
performer	A Tribute to the Delmore Brothers is an album by American country music duo The Louvin Brothers, released in 1960.	A Tribute to the Delmore Brothers	The Louvin Brothers
performer	Dual Mono is the third album by The Greenhornes, released on October 15, 2002.	Dual Mono	The Greenhornes
performer	Lava Ground is the debut album from Jamaican reggae artist I Wayne.	Lava Ground	I Wayne
performer	Shaved and Dangerous is the second studio album by Australian band the Baby Animals, released in 1993	Shaved and Dangerous	Baby Animals
performer	Soul Story is an album by organist Charles Earland which was recorded in 1971 and released on the Prestige label.	Soul Story	Charles Earland
performer	The Day of Wrath is the major-label debut album of the Italian blackened speed metal band Bulldozer, released in 1985.	The Day of Wrath	Bulldozer
performer	``Open Your Window'' is the third single by Reverend and The Makers, from their debut album The State of Things.	Open Your Window	Reverend and The Makers
performer	The Serpent Servant is the second album by Christian deathcore band Impending Doom.	The Serpent Servant	Impending Doom
performer	The Loudest Engine is the third studio album of London-based Australian indie rock band Howling Bells.	The Loudest Engine	Howling Bells
performer	``Call Me When You're Sober'' is a song by American rock band Evanescence.	Call Me When You're Sober	Evanescence
performer	``Passin' Me By'' is a song by American hip-hop group The Pharcyde, released in March 1993 through Delicious Vinyl Records.	Passin' Me By	The Pharcyde
performer	Four (Acts of Love) is the sixth studio album by Australian singer-songwriter Mick Harvey - and his second since leaving Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds.	Four (Acts of Love)	Mick Harvey
performer	Heart String is the fifth studio album by Earl Klugh released in 1978.	Heart String	Earl Klugh
performer	Cupid Shoot Me is the second album by Remi Nicole, released in the UK on 31 August.	Cupid Shoot Me	Remi Nicole
performer	Destructo Doll is Canadian actress and singer-songwriter Cassie Steele's second studio album.	Destructo Doll	Cassie Steele
performer	``The Night Sky'' is a song written and performed by English rock band Keane.	The Night Sky	Keane
performer	Violent by Design is the second album by underground hip hop group Jedi Mind Tricks.	Violent by Design	Jedi Mind Tricks
performer	Love in Us All is an album by American saxophonist and composer Pharoah Sanders released on the Impulse! label.	Love in Us All	Pharoah Sanders
performer	``The Words That Maketh Murder'' is a song by the English alternative rock musician PJ Harvey.	The Words That Maketh Murder	PJ Harvey
performer	Kore Ga Mayaku Da is an album by Afrirampo, released on John Zorn's Tzadik label.	Kore Ga Mayaku Da	Afrirampo
performer	``Thinkin' of a Rendezvous'' is a country music song written by Bobby Braddock and Sonny Throckmorton, and recorded by Johnny Duncan.	Thinkin' of a Rendezvous	Johnny Duncan
performer	Diamond in the Riff is a 2008 album by American jazz musician Terry Silverlight, featuring pianist/composer Barry Miles, bassist Will Lee, and musical contributors David Mann, Aaron Heick, Glenn Alexander, Tabitha Fair, Lew Soloff, Bob Malach, Larry Farrell and Allan Molnar.	Diamond in the Riff	Terry Silverlight
performer	``Drinking in L.A.'' is a song by Canadian electronica collective Bran Van 3000, released as the band's first single; in the U.S. ``Drinking in L.A.'' failed to generate interest from Alternative stations, yet in the UK and Canada it continues to generate airplay.	Drinking in L.A.	Bran Van 3000
performer	Around the World in 80 Years is a Jazz album by Bucky Pizzarelli, released in 2006.	Around the World in 80 Years	Bucky Pizzarelli
performer	``Psychotic Reaction'' is a song released by the American garage rock band Count Five in 1965, and also the title of their only studio album.	Psychotic Reaction	Count Five
performer	``Everybody Wants to Be Like You'' is a song by Canadian pop/reggae singer Snow, from his 2000 album, Mind on the Moon.	Everybody Wants to Be Like You	Snow
performer	``Ti Voglio Qui'' is the second single by Australian pop singer Tina Arena from her 1997 album In Deep and the Italian version of its hit lead single Burn.	Ti Voglio Qui	Tina Arena
performer	From Your Grave is the debut album by American melodic death metal band, The Absence.	From Your Grave	The Absence
performer	Revolution on Ice was the third and final studio album by Gumball.	Revolution on Ice	Gumball
performer	Common Existence is the fifth full-length album from rock band Thursday.	Common Existence	Thursday
performer	Nothin But Love is the 16th studio album by blues guitarist Robert Cray.	Nothin But Love	Robert Cray
performer	So Tonight That I Might See is the second studio album by the American dream pop band Mazzy Star, released on October 5, 1993.	So Tonight That I Might See	Mazzy Star
performer	Shine Eyed Mister Zen is the third album by American blues artist Kelly Joe Phelps, released in 1999.	Shine Eyed Mister Zen	Kelly Joe Phelps
performer	Diverse Recourse is a 2007 release from Underground hip hop producer Joe Beats.	Diverse Recourse	Joe Beats
performer	``Galaxy Supernova'' is the eighth Japanese single by South Korean girl group Girls' Generation.	Galaxy Supernova	Girls' Generation
performer	Those Damn Bandits is the first full length release by the then-ska band The Pharmaceutical Bandits, now known as Rx Bandits.	Those Damn Bandits	Rx Bandits
performer	The Candlelight Years is an Opeth box set compiling their first three albums Orchid, Morningrise, and My Arms, Your Hearse, originally released on Candlelight Records.	The Candlelight Years	Opeth
performer	``Tuesday Afternoon'' (sometimes referred to as ``Forever Afternoon (Tuesday?)'', or simply ``Forever Afternoon'') is a 1968 single by English symphonic rock band The Moody Blues, which was presented in its original album form on their 1967 album Days of Future Passed in two parts.	Tuesday Afternoon	The Moody Blues
performer	``Don't Phunk with My Heart'' (censored as ``Don't Mess with My Heart'') is a song recorded by American recording group The Black Eyed Peas, taken from the fourth studio album Monkey Business (2005).	Don't Phunk with My Heart	The Black Eyed Peas
performer	Written by Howard Ashman and Alan Menken and performed by Pat Carroll, ``Poor Unfortunate Souls'' is sung to Princess Ariel by Ursula the Sea Witch.	Poor Unfortunate Souls	Pat Carroll
performer	Your Luv is a song released by the South Korean boy band MBLAQ.	Your Luv	MBLAQ
performer	``I Want to Take You Higher'' is a song by the soul/rock/funk band Sly and the Family Stone, the B-side to their Top 30 hit ``Stand!''.	I Want to Take You Higher	Sly and the Family Stone
performer	Wish I Was All Flames is the second studio full-length album by the Montreal-based instrumental shoegaze band Destroyalldreamers, released on October 23, 2007, on Where Are My records.	Wish I Was All Flames	Destroyalldreamers
performer	Ampeauty is the fifth album of the Austrian death metal band Pungent Stench.	Ampeauty	Pungent Stench
performer	See the World Given to a One Love Entity is the second album from Brooklyn, New York psychedelic rock band Guardian Alien.	See the World Given to a One Love Entity	Guardian Alien
performer	The Scene Is Not for Sale is the second and last album by the L.A. punk rock band Glue Gun.	The Scene Is Not for Sale	Glue Gun
performer	It's All Over is the second single from Déjà Vu, the sixth album by Blue System.	It's All Over	Blue System
performer	``Crying Out for Me'' is an R&B song from Mario's third studio album Go, which was released on December 11, 2007 and is the second official single.	Crying Out for Me	Mario
performer	``Muddy Mississippi Line'' is a single by American country pop artist Bobby Goldsboro.	Muddy Mississippi Line	Bobby Goldsboro
performer	``Love Is on Her Mind'' is the second single released by freestyle singer Sa-Fire from her 1988 eponymous debut.	Love Is on Her Mind	Sa-Fire
performer	La Mano Cornuda is the second studio album by the American rock and roll band Supersuckers.	La Mano Cornuda	Supersuckers
performer	Re-ac-tor is the eleventh studio album by Canadian musician Neil Young, and his fourth with Crazy Horse, released in 1981.	Re-ac-tor	Neil Young
performer	Performance and Cocktails is the second studio album by Welsh rock band Stereophonics.	Performance and Cocktails	Stereophonics
performer	``Run to Paradise'' is a single by Australian hard rock group The Choirboys which reached No. 3 on the Australian Kent Music Report Singles Chart in October 1987.	Run to Paradise	The Choirboys
performer	``I Know Where It's At'' is a song by English-Canadian girl group All Saints, released as the debut single from their self-titled album All Saints.	I Know Where It's At	All Saints
performer	In Praise of Dreams is a jazz album by Jan Garbarek released in 2004 on ECM.	In Praise of Dreams	Jan Garbarek
performer	Fat Albert Rotunda is the eighth album by jazz keyboardist Herbie Hancock, released in 1970.	Fat Albert Rotunda	Herbie Hancock
performer	Unimagine is the second album by Australian post-hardcore band Hands Like Houses, released on July 23, 2013 on Rise Records.	Unimagine	Hands Like Houses
performer	Rock and Roll Lullaby is the ninth studio album by American country music artist Jessi Colter, released in 1984 by Triad Records, her first and only release for the label.	Rock and Roll Lullaby	Jessi Colter
performer	Dear Lonely Hearts is a 1962 studio album by Nat King Cole, arranged by Belford Hendricks.	Dear Lonely Hearts	Nat King Cole
performer	The Karelian Isthmus is the title of the third release\first full-length studio LP album of Finnish metal band Amorphis, released in 1992.	The Karelian Isthmus	Amorphis
performer	``Running with the Night'' was the second single released from Lionel Richie's multi-platinum and Grammy Award-winning 1983 album, Can't Slow Down.	Running with the Night	Lionel Richie
performer	Maiden Japan, also known as Heavy Metal Army, is a live EP by the British heavy metal band Iron Maiden.	Maiden Japan	Iron Maiden
performer	In 1990 American vocalist Oleta Adams recorded the song which became a major international hit, reaching the Top 5 in the UK Adams' version of ``Get Here'', co-produced by Roland Orzabal from the band Tears for Fears, became her signature song.	Get Here	Oleta Adams
performer	A Wild-Eyed Christmas Night is the eleventh studio album by the southern rock band 38 Special, released in 2001.	A Wild-Eyed Christmas Night	38 Special
performer	``Awake and Alive'' is the third single of the 2009 album Awake by the Christian rock band Skillet.	Awake and Alive	Skillet
performer	``So Strange'' is the fourth single by German synthpop band Cetu Javu, released in 1989.	So Strange	Cetu Javu
performer	Sotahuuto is the sixth studio album by the Finnish black metal band Horna.	Sotahuuto	Horna
performer	Nukkuu is the second album by Lau Nau, released in 2008.	Nukkuu	Lau Nau
performer	Magic Triangle is the 11th album by trumpeter Dave Douglas.	Magic Triangle	Dave Douglas
performer	Good to Go-Go is the twenty-ninth album by Spyro Gyra, recorded and released on June 12, 2007.	Good to Go-Go	Spyro Gyra
performer	Ooky Spooky is the fifth studio album by Cuban American dark cabaret/Dark Wave singer Voltaire.	Ooky Spooky	Voltaire
performer	S gol v rukata... (With Naked ... in Hand) is the third studio album by the Bulgarian rock band Hipodil, released in 1996 under the Riva Sound label.	S gol v rukata...	Hipodil
performer	Welcome to the Masquerade is the fifth studio album by Canadian Christian hard rock band Thousand Foot Krutch.	Welcome to the Masquerade	Thousand Foot Krutch
performer	Retráctate was the second studio album from the Chilean pop band Supernova.	Retráctate	Supernova
performer	``Keep a Lid on Things'' is a song by Canadian group Crash Test Dummies and was the first single from their 1999 album Give Yourself a Hand.	Keep a Lid on Things	Crash Test Dummies
performer	Walking in the Light is a compilation album of gospel songs by Cliff Richard.	Walking in the Light	Cliff Richard
performer	Flor de Papel (Paper flower) 's the fourth album by Mexican rock singer Alejandra Guzmán.	Flor de Papel	Alejandra Guzmán
performer	The Morning Passengers EP is the acoustic sessions album recorded and produced by Green River Ordinance.	The Morning Passengers EP	Green River Ordinance
performer	Ab Khud Kuch Karna Paray Ga (Urdu: اب خود کچھ کرنا پڑے گا, literal English translation: ``Now we have to do something ourselves'') is a single from the Pakistani pop rock band Strings featuring former Jal vocalist Atif Aslam, released on July 16, 2010 by 2 Republic Music Group.	Ab Khud Kuch Karna Paray Ga	Strings	Atif Aslam
performer	``Can't Get You Out of My Thoughts'' is a song by Dum Dums, released as their second single in 2000.	Can't Get You Out of My Thoughts	Dum Dums
performer	Sex Objects is the third full-length studio album by The Briefs, released in 2004 on CD, and yellow and black vinyl.	Sex Objects	The Briefs
performer	23 Minutes Over Brussels is a recording of a live performance by Suicide on June 16, 1978 at the Ancienne Belgique in Brussels, Belgium, while supporting Elvis Costello and The Clash.	23 Minutes Over Brussels	Suicide
performer	Success & Failure is a retail mixtape by rapper Chingy, it was released on September 7, 2010.	Success & Failure	Chingy
performer	The Path of Totality is the tenth studio album by American nu metal band Korn, released on December 2, 2011 in Europe and December 6, 2011 in the US.	The Path of Totality	Korn
performer	Tong Gwo Hong Hung (糖果航空; Candy's Airline) is Candy Lo's 7th studio album.	Tong Gwo Hong Hung	Candy Lo
performer	Höfuðlausnir was an album released in May 1988 by Icelandic rock singer Megas.	Höfuðlausnir	Megas
performer	This Is the Modern World is the second studio album by British band The Jam, released in November 1977, less than seven months after their debut.	This Is the Modern World	The Jam
performer	Life in the Streets is the debut album by reggae musician, Prince Ital Joe and the third album by rapper, Marky Mark.	Life in the Streets	Prince Ital Joe
performer	Licker's Last Leg is the first full length studio album by Goon Moon, and the follow-up to 2005's I Got a Brand New Egg Layin' Machine.	Licker's Last Leg	Goon Moon
performer	$O$ is the debut album by South African rap-rave group Die Antwoord.	$O$	Die Antwoord
performer	``Dancing to the Same Song'' is the third single from Australian recording artist Elen Levon.	Dancing to the Same Song	Elen Levon
performer	Acre Thrills is the fourth full-length LP by the Chicago-based experimental rock quartet U.S. Maple.	Acre Thrills	U.S. Maple
performer	In a Word or 2 is the second and final album released by Monie Love.	In a Word or 2	Monie Love
performer	Oh No, It's Love is the second album by Canadian pop band The Bicycles.	Oh No, It's Love	The Bicycles
performer	The Human Atom Bombs is the third album by the punk rock band, Randy.	The Human Atom Bombs	Randy
performer	The Great Awakening is the fourth studio album from the Christian rock band Leeland, released on September 20, 2011.	The Great Awakening	Leeland
performer	Thrakattak (written with consonants capitalized as THRaKaTTaK on the album cover) is a live album by the band King Crimson, released in 1996.	Thrakattak	King Crimson
performer	Grow Your Own is the fourth album and third studio album released by the folk rock band ThaMuseMeant in 2000.	Grow Your Own	ThaMuseMeant
performer	``Trapecista'' (Eng.: Trapecist) is the sixth single released by Enrique Iglesias from his debut album.	Trapecista	Enrique Iglesias
performer	Ode to Mingus is an album by the American jazz drummer Dannie Richmond recorded in 1979 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.	Ode to Mingus	Dannie Richmond
performer	Electribal Memories is the only album by the house-music group Electribe 101.	Electribal Memories	Electribe 101
performer	Boss Horn is an album by American trumpeter Blue Mitchell recorded in 1966 and released on the Blue Note label.	Boss Horn	Blue Mitchell
performer	Pictured Within was the first studio album from Deep Purple's Jon Lord in sixteen years.	Pictured Within	Jon Lord
performer	``Just Let the Sun'' is the second released from Skin's second album Fake Chemical State.	Just Let the Sun	Skin
performer	Instrumental Tourist is a studio album by Canadian musician Tim Hecker and American musician Daniel Lopatin (Oneohtrix Point Never).	Instrumental Tourist	Tim Hecker
performer	American Teenage Rock 'n' Roll Machine is the second studio album by American rock band band The Donnas, released in 1998 on Lookout!.	American Teenage Rock 'n' Roll Machine	The Donnas
performer	The Intergalactic Collection ~ギャラコレ~ was a greatest-hits album released on March 5, 2003 by the Japanese hip-hop group, M-Flo, continuing the group's recurring sci-fi theme and containing singles from 2000's Planet Shining and 2001's Expo Expo.	The Intergalactic Collection	M-Flo
performer	Rising Above Bedlam is an album by Jah Wobble's Invaders of the Heart released by Oval Records in 1991.	Rising Above Bedlam	Jah Wobble
performer	The Kids & Me is the ninth studio album by Billy Preston, released in 1974, after his famous tour in Europe.	The Kids & Me	Billy Preston
performer	Les Soul Men is a hugely successful 2013 cover album by French international R&B trio Vigon Bamy Jay composed of English and French classics and at times a bilingual combined English/French interpretations.	Les Soul Men	Vigon Bamy Jay
performer	``Right Here for U'' is the third and final single released from 112's 2003 album, Hot & Wet, released as digital download.	Right Here for U	112
performer	Trust in God is a 1984 album by soul singer Al Green.	Trust in God	Al Green
performer	Hearts in the Air is an English language song performed by Swedish singer Eric Saade and J-Son.	Hearts in the Air	Eric Saade	J-Son
performer	``Baby Talks Dirty'' is a 1980 Top 40 single written by Doug Fieger and Berton Averre from The Knack's second album, ...	Baby Talks Dirty	The Knack
performer	Get in Touch with Yourself is the title of the third studio album by the British pop group Swing Out Sister.	Get in Touch with Yourself	Swing Out Sister
performer	Fallen Angel of Doom is Blasphemy's first full-length album, released in 1990.	Fallen Angel of Doom	Blasphemy
performer	Drop It in Their Laps is The Cops' second studio album, released in April 2007, and marked a radical change of direction from the band's earlier work.	Drop It in Their Laps	The Cops
performer	``Sad Songs (Say So Much)'' is a song by Elton John and is the closing track on the 1984 album Breaking Hearts.	Sad Songs (Say So Much)	Elton John
performer	``Good Lovin' (Makes It Right)'' is a 1971 song written by Billy Sherrill and recorded by Tammy Wynette.	Good Lovin' (Makes It Right)	Tammy Wynette
performer	Sings the Blues is a solo album by American rapper Pigeon John.	Sings the Blues	Pigeon John
performer	The Show Must Go is Canadian pop rock group Hedley's third studio album and was released on November 17, 2009 in Canada.	The Show Must Go	Hedley
performer	Ten Year Night is the third solo album by American singer-songwriter Lucy Kaplansky, released in 1999.	Ten Year Night	Lucy Kaplansky
performer	Perstechnique is the fourth studio album by the Finnish industrial metal band Turmion Kätilöt, released on 23 February 2011.	Perstechnique	Turmion Kätilöt
performer	Success Is Certain is the fifth album by rapper Royce da 5'9`` and his last independent album, released on August 9, 2011.	Success Is Certain	Royce da 5'9
performer	``Strawberry Letter 23'' is a song written and composed by Shuggie Otis, and best known by the version recorded by The Brothers Johnson, which Quincy Jones produced.	Strawberry Letter 23	The Brothers Johnson
performer	``Had It All'' is the first single from American singer Katharine McPhee's second studio album, Unbroken, which was released on January 5, 2010.	Had It All	Katharine McPhee
performer	``Start!'' is the eleventh UK single release by punk rock band, The Jam and their second number-one, following ``Going Underground''/``Dreams of Children''.	Start!	The Jam
performer	Dick's Picks Volume 25 is a four-CD album by the rock group the Grateful Dead.	Dick's Picks Volume 25	Grateful Dead
performer	Released on the 3rd Stone label in February 2001, Returning Jesus is British art rock band No-Man's fourth album.	Returning Jesus	No-Man
performer	Awkward Annie is the seventh studio album by English contemporary folk musician Kate Rusby, released on 3 September 2007 on Pure Records.	Awkward Annie	Kate Rusby
performer	The Fuel is a collaborative EP by Brooklyn-based rappers Koncept and J57.	The Fuel	Koncept	J57
performer	The Bad Days EP is the last single to be taken from Space's 1998 album Tin Planet.	The Bad Days EP	Space
performer	The Gunman and Other Stories is the seventh studio album issued by the English pop band Prefab Sprout.	The Gunman and Other Stories	Prefab Sprout
performer	This Is Not What You Had Planned is the debut mini-album from Reading singer-songwriter Ben Marwood, released on 4 August 2008 via Broken Tail Records.	This Is Not What You Had Planned	Ben Marwood
performer	``Motionless and White'' is a song by Eighteen Visions, and was the final single from The Best of Eighteen Visions.	Motionless and White	Eighteen Visions
performer	Night of the Wolverine is the third album by Dave Graney 'n' the Coral Snakes (also seen as Dave Graney with the Coral Snakes).	Night of the Wolverine	Dave Graney
performer	Lobotomizer is the debut album of the Norwegian band Motorpsycho, released in 1991.	Lobotomizer	Motorpsycho
performer	In Reverie is the fourth studio album by the American rock band Saves the Day.	In Reverie	Saves the Day
performer	Angel of Salvation is the eighth studio album by the Japanese power metal/neo-classical metal band Galneryus, released on October 10, 2012.	Angel of Salvation	Galneryus
performer	Digital Beethoven on Cyberspeed! is an album by The Great Kat released in 1996.	Digital Beethoven on Cyberspeed	The Great Kat
performer	Rehearsal Demo Nov 11 2011 was recorded by Sunn O))) at Southern Lord Caves in Los Angeles on November 11, 2011.	Rehearsal Demo Nov 11 2011	Sunn
performer	``(Baby Tell Me) Can You Dance'' was the first single from Shanice's debut album, Discovery.	(Baby Tell Me) Can You Dance	Shanice
performer	Machine Gun in the Clown's Hand is the eighth spoken word album by Jello Biafra.	Machine Gun in the Clown's Hand	Jello Biafra
performer	Invasion of Your Privacy is the second album by American glam metal band Ratt.	Invasion of Your Privacy	Ratt
performer	Our Long Road Home is the fourth studio album and third independent album by alternative metal band Taproot and was released on September 16, 2008.	Our Long Road Home	Taproot
performer	Think of Tomorrow is the tenth album by Pentangle.	Think of Tomorrow	Pentangle
performer	``Jack Your Body'' is a popular song by Steve 'Silk' Hurley, originally released as a single in 1986.	Jack Your Body	Steve 'Silk' Hurley
performer	Kutché is a studio album from Algerian artists Cheb Khaled and Safy Boutella.	Kutché	Khaled
performer	``I Can Feel You'' is a song by American pop singer-songwriter Anastacia from her fourth studio album, Heavy Rotation (2008).	I Can Feel You	Anastacia
performer	Distancia (In English: Distance) is the fifth studio album by the Mexican jazz singer Magos Herrera, released on May 5, 2009.	Distancia	Magos Herrera
performer	Defective Epitaph is a 2007 album by the American one-man black metal act Xasthur.	Defective Epitaph	Xasthur
performer	``Not Dark Yet'' is a song by Bob Dylan, recorded in January 1997 and released in September that year on his album Time Out of Mind.	Not Dark Yet	Bob Dylan
performer	``How Do I Breathe'' is an R&B single by Mario.	How Do I Breathe	Mario
performer	Perverse Recollections of a Necromangler is the debut full-length album by New Jersey-based deathcore band Waking the Cadaver.	Perverse Recollections of a Necromangler	Waking the Cadaver
performer	Murder the Mountains is the second studio album by the American metal band Red Fang, released in 2011.	Murder the Mountains	Red Fang
performer	``Hello Hey'' is a debut song by Swedish singer and model Victoria Silvstedt.	Hello Hey	Victoria Silvstedt
performer	``Don't Wanna Go to Bed Now'' is a song by Australian singer--songwriter Gabriella Cilmi from her debut album, Lessons to Be Learned (2008).	Don't Wanna Go to Bed Now	Gabriella Cilmi
performer	Necesito Más de Ti (``I Need More From You'') is the title of a studio album released by norteño music band Duelo.	Necesito Más de Ti	Duelo
performer	Slow Dance (Hey Mr. DJ) is the title of a number-one R&B single by R. Kelly with Public Announcement, from the album Born into the 90's.	Slow Dance (Hey Mr. DJ)	R. Kelly	Public Announcement
performer	Piraty XXI veka (Russian: Пираты XXI века, Pirates of the 21st Century) is the sixth studio album of the Russian band Leningrad.	Piraty XXI veka	Leningrad
performer	``Thousands Are Sailing'' is a song by The Pogues, released in 1988.	Thousands Are Sailing	The Pogues
performer	Symphonies of Sickness is the second album by British extreme metal band Carcass.	Symphonies of Sickness	Carcass
performer	``Watching the Wildlife'' is the seventh and last single by British pop band Frankie Goes to Hollywood.	Watching the Wildlife	Frankie Goes to Hollywood
performer	Digital Ghosts is the sixth album by the progressive-metal group Shadow Gallery.	Digital Ghosts	Shadow Gallery
performer	Tales of the Crown is the thirteenth album by German speed/power metal guitarist Axel Rudi Pell.	Tales of the Crown	Axel Rudi Pell
performer	Brush the Scar Lemon (stylized as BRUSH the SCAR LEMON) is the third album of Japanese Rock group, Granrodeo.	Brush the Scar Lemon	Granrodeo
performer	``Footsteps 2'' is singer/songwriter Chris de Burgh's nineteenth original album.	Footsteps 2	Chris de Burgh
performer	Sketches of Belgium is a 1993 album by jazz band K. D.'s Basement Party led by Kris Defoort.	Sketches of Belgium	Kris Defoort
performer	Eyes of the Universe is a 1979 album released by the English rock group, Barclay James Harvest.	Eyes of the Universe	Barclay James Harvest
performer	This Is Pop Music is the 3rd album by the Norwegian singer/song-writer Espen Lind and the second released under his name.	This Is Pop Music	Espen Lind
performer	``Shave It'' is a song by Russian-German electronic music producer Zedd.	Shave It	Zedd
performer	Was I the Wave? is the second studio album by Miracle Fortress, released on April 26, 2011.	Was I the Wave?	Miracle Fortress
performer	Any Man in America is the sixth studio album and ninth album overall by alternative rock band Blue October.	Any Man in America	Blue October
performer	``I Want to Know What Love Is'' is a power ballad by the British-American rock band Foreigner.	I Want to Know What Love Is	Foreigner
performer	Dopamin is the German Hard rock band Böhse Onkelz 15th album.	Dopamin	Böhse Onkelz
performer	This Is Now is the third studio album by Australian Idol finalist and Australian singer-songwriter Cosima De Vito.	This Is Now	Cosima De Vito
performer	``Decadent & Desperate'' is the second single released by Norwegian industrial-rock solo artist Mortiis from the album The Grudge.	Decadent & Desperate	Mortiis
performer	One Man's Trash is Trey Anastasio's first solo album apart from Phish, recorded in the Fungus Factory or in The Barn between 1997 and 1998 during breaks of touring and recording with Phish.	One Man's Trash	Trey Anastasio
performer	Apayrı is the fourth studio album by Turkish pop artist Hande Yener, released by Erol Köse Exclusive on January 6, 2006 in Turkey.	Apayrı	Hande Yener
performer	``Get the Party Started'' is a song performed by Pink, and was the first single from her second album titled Missundaztood (2001).	Get the Party Started	Pink
performer	``It's Four in the Morning'' (also known as ``Four in the Morning'') is a song made famous by country music singer Faron Young.	It's Four in the Morning	Faron Young
performer	``Box of Stones'' is the debut single by English singer-songwriter Benjamin Francis Leftwich, from his debut studio album Last Smoke Before the Snowstorm (2011).	Box of Stones	Benjamin Francis Leftwich
performer	``The Ballad of Tom Jones'' is a song by Space and Cerys Matthews, lead singer of the band Catatonia, which was released in 1998.	The Ballad of Tom Jones	Space	Cerys Matthews
performer	Street Action is the seventh studio album by Canadian rock band Bachman-- Turner Overdrive (BTO), released in 1978, (see 1978 in music).	Street Action	Bachman-- Turner Overdrive
performer	12 Hits para 2 guitarras flamencas y orquesta de cuerda (12 Hits for 2 Flamenco Guitars and a String Orchestra) is the fourth of four collaboration albums by Paco de Lucía and Ramón de Algeciras.	12 Hits para 2 guitarras flamencas y orquesta de cuerda	Paco de Lucía
performer	``Gave It All Away'' is a song performed by Irish boyband Boyzone, released as the lead single from their fourth studio album, Brother, on 1 March 2010, it has sold 150,000 copies worldwide.	Gave It All Away	Boyzone
performer	Inhuman Grotesqueries is the second studio album by American brutal death metal band Malignancy.	Inhuman Grotesqueries	Malignancy
performer	Ev'rybody Know Me is the third studio album by southern rap duo YoungBloodZ.	Ev'rybody Know Me	YoungBloodZ
performer	``Mollie's Song'' is a ballad performed by British singer Beverley Craven, from her second album Love Scenes.	Mollie's Song	Beverley Craven
performer	``No Me Ames'' (English: ``Don't Love Me'') is a Latin pop duet recorded by American singers Jennifer Lopez and Marc Anthony for Lopez's debut studio album, On the 6 (1999).	No Me Ames	Jennifer Lopez	Marc Anthony
performer	``I Want to Go with You'' is the title of a popular song from 1966 (see 1966 in music) by the American country music singer Eddy Arnold.	I Want to Go with You	Eddy Arnold
performer	And Our Heart Beat in Our Fingertips, Without Reason is the second album from the metalcore band Anterrabae.	And Our Heart Beat in Our Fingertips, Without Reason	Anterrabae
performer	Songs for the Exhausted is the fourth full-length studio album by Austrian indie-band Naked Lunch.	Songs for the Exhausted	Naked Lunch
performer	The Best Nonstop Mix Compilation is a continuous mix album by the Funk band Parliament.	The Best Nonstop Mix Compilation	Parliament
performer	Balíček snov (English: The Packet of Dreams) is the second studio album by Modus, released on OPUS in 1980.	Balíček snov	Modus
performer	``Want Ads'' was a million-selling Number 1 pop and R&B hit recorded by female group, Honey Cone for their third album Sweet Replies and also appears on their fourth album Soulful Tapestry (both 1971 releases).	Want Ads	Honey Cone
performer	I Like to Riff was the first recording by the Minneapolis jazz vocal trio Rio Nido.	I Like to Riff	Rio Nido
performer	Broken Barricades is the fifth studio album by British rock band Procol Harum, released in 1971.	Broken Barricades	Procol Harum
performer	Trompeta Toccata is a 1965 jazz album by trumpeter Kenny Dorham.	Trompeta Toccata	Kenny Dorham
performer	Future Juju was an album released by the British house act Black Jazz Chronicles in 1998.	Future Juju	Black Jazz Chronicles
performer	Too Young to Fight It is the debut full-length album by American dance-rock band Young Love.	Too Young to Fight It	Young Love
performer	Dream, Extinguished is an instrumental hip hop album by American producer/rapper Danny!.	Dream, Extinguished	Danny
performer	``It Doesn't Have to Be'' is a song by British synthpop duo Erasure, released in February 1987.	It Doesn't Have to Be	Erasure
performer	Plastic Green Head was the sixth album by the American doom metal band Trouble, released in 1995.	Plastic Green Head	Trouble
performer	``The Wildfire (If It Was True)'' is the fourth single by Swedish band Mando Diao, released from their 2006 album, Ode to Ochrasy.	The Wildfire (If It Was True)	Mando Diao
performer	Blood at the Orpheum is the first live album by the American band In This Moment.	Blood at the Orpheum	In This Moment
performer	The Brindleford Follies is the first album from Canadian indie rock group Novillero.	The Brindleford Follies	Novillero
performer	``Let It All Bleed Out'' is the third and final promotional single from Rob Zombie's third solo album Educated Horses.	Let It All Bleed Out	Rob Zombie
performer	``Could It Be Any Harder'' is the third single from The Calling's debut album, Camino Palmero.	Could It Be Any Harder	The Calling
performer	``I'm Gonna Love You Through It'' is a song written by Ben Hayslip, Sonya Isaacs and Jimmy Yeary and recorded by American country music artist Martina McBride.	I'm Gonna Love You Through It	Martina McBride
performer	One Bedroom is a 2003 album by The Sea and Cake.	One Bedroom	The Sea and Cake
performer	``Differentology'' is a song by Trinidadian singer and songwriter Bunji Garlin.	Differentology	Bunji Garlin
performer	Rosa Venus is a Rock en español album recorded by Mexican rock band Fobia.	Rosa Venus	Fobia
performer	Dark Magus is a live double album by American jazz composer and trumpeter Miles Davis.	Dark Magus	Miles Davis
performer	So Jealous is the fourth studio album by Canadian band Tegan and Sara, released on September 14, 2004.	So Jealous	Tegan and Sara
performer	Shamániac is the second and final studio album by the Finnish folk metal band Shaman, before they changed their name to Korpiklaani.	Shamániac	Korpiklaani
performer	Blut und Krieg is the first full length album released by the German black metal band Moonblood.	Blut und Krieg	Moonblood
performer	Third World Genocide is the sixth album by Nuclear Assault, released in 2005.	Third World Genocide	Nuclear Assault
performer	``I Knew You Were Waiting (For Me)'' is a Grammy Award-winning #1 song performed by Aretha Franklin and George Michael as a duet in 1987.	I Knew You Were Waiting (For Me)	Aretha Franklin	George Michael
performer	``Calling All Angels'' is the title of a 2003 song by the rock band Train.	Calling All Angels	Train
performer	``Sally's Pigeons'' is a pop song by Cyndi Lauper that was featured on her 1993 album Hat Full of Stars.	Sally's Pigeons	Cyndi Lauper
performer	No Anaesthesia! is the second album released by Finnish thrash metal band Stone, released in 1989.	No Anaesthesia!	Stone
performer	Slučajni partneri (English: Accidental Partners) is the fifth studio album by Bosnian-Serbian pop-folk recording artist Seka Aleksić.	Slučajni partneri	Seka Aleksić
performer	Prayer for Compassion is an album by David Darling, released through the record label Wind Over the Earth in 2009.	Prayer for Compassion	David Darling
performer	So Amazin' is the third studio album by American singer Christina Milian.	So Amazin'	Christina Milian
performer	To the Sky is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter and producer Kevin Rudolf.	To the Sky	Kevin Rudolf
performer	Volksbeat is the fifteenth (thirteenth solo) studio album by Nina Hagen, released on November 11, 2011 in Germany.	Volksbeat	Nina Hagen
performer	``Groovy Train'' was the second single released by Liverpool-based group The Farm.	Groovy Train	The Farm
performer	An Acoustic Night at the Theatre is the second live album by Dutch symphonic metal band Within Temptation that has been released in October--	An Acoustic Night at the Theatre	Within Temptation
performer	Black Waltz is the fourth album released by Swedish metal band Avatar, on January 25, 2012.	Black Waltz	Avatar
performer	Man Spricht Deutsch is the fifth album by German metalcore band Callejon.	Man Spricht Deutsch	Callejon
performer	Two Days in November is the title of an album by Doc Watson and Merle Watson, released in 1974.	Two Days in November	Doc Watson
performer	``Mr. Writer'' a song by Welsh rock band Stereophonics, taken from their third album Just Enough Education to Perform.	Mr. Writer	Stereophonics
performer	Blood Inside is the sixth full-length studio album by Norwegian experimental collective Ulver.	Blood Inside	Ulver
performer	``Good Intent'' is a song by New Zealand singer/guitarist Kimbra from her debut studio album, Vows (2011).	Good Intent	Kimbra
performer	Chauncy is the 1996 debut solo album by singer/songwriter/bassist Jason Scheff.	Chauncy	Jason Scheff
performer	Portrait of an American Family is the debut full-length studio album by American rock band Marilyn Manson.	Portrait of an American Family	Marilyn Manson
performer	``Freak the Freak Out'' is a song performed by American pop recording artist Victoria Justice.	Freak the Freak Out	Victoria Justice
performer	Can't Go Home Again is an album by Big Brother and the Holding Company, released in 1997.	Can't Go Home Again	Big Brother and the Holding Company
performer	Crafty Hands is an album by the progressive rock band Happy the Man, released in 1978.	Crafty Hands	Happy the Man
performer	Ultra Wave is the fifth album released by funk musician Bootsy Collins.	Ultra Wave	Bootsy Collins
performer	``Weak Become Heroes'' is a song by The Streets, which was the third single from the album Original Pirate Material.	Weak Become Heroes	The Streets
performer	Degüello is the sixth studio album by the American rock band ZZ Top, released in 1979 (see 1979 in music).	Degüello	ZZ Top
performer	``Devil in a New Dress'' is a song by American hip hop recording artist Kanye West from his fifth studio album, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy (2010).	Devil in a New Dress	Kanye West
performer	``Younger Us'' is the second 7`` single by Canadian rock duo Japandroids.	Younger Us	Japandroids
performer	Priče o snovima (trans. Tales of Dreams) is the fourth studio album by Serbian heavy metal band Alogia, released in 2012.	Priče o snovima	Alogia
performer	``Special Kinda Love'' is a single by The Jets, released on August 19, 1990.	Special Kinda Love	The Jets
performer	``Chip Away the Stone'' is a song performed by American hard rock band Aerosmith.	Chip Away the Stone	Aerosmith
performer	Tinderbox/Neighbour Neighbour is Violent Soho's fourth EP, released on 16 November 2012 on the I OH YOU label.	Tinderbox/Neighbour Neighbour	Violent Soho
performer	Walls Is Beginning is the first mini album released by Nico Touches the Walls in February 2, 2006.	Walls Is Beginning	Nico Touches the Walls
performer	50 Words for Snow is the tenth studio album by English singer-songwriter Kate Bush.	50 Words for Snow	Kate Bush
performer	Sparks of Ancient Light is the sixteenth studio album by Al Stewart, released on 15 September 2008.	Sparks of Ancient Light	Al Stewart
performer	You Are I AM is a Christian worship music album by Darrell Evans released by Vertical Music in 1997.	You Are I AM	Darrell Evans
performer	``Waitin' for a Superman'' (subtitled ``Is It Gettin' Heavy??'' for the song's U.S. album release) is a song by The Flaming Lips, released as the second single taken from their 1999 album The Soft Bulletin, and reaching No. 73 in the UK Singles Chart.	Waitin' for a Superman	The Flaming Lips
performer	Skold vs. KMFDM is a full-length album featuring Sascha Konietzko of KMFDM and Tim Sköld.	Skold vs. KMFDM	Tim Sköld
performer	Moonlight Waltz is the ninth studio album by the Italian extreme gothic metal band Theatres des Vampires.	Moonlight Waltz	Theatres des Vampires
performer	``The Comet Song'' is a song by Icelandic artist Björk, written by herself and long-time friend and collaborator Sjón as the title theme of the 2010 movie Moomins and the Comet Chase.	The Comet Song	Björk
performer	``Cliche Love Song'' is a song by Danish singer Basim co-written by Lasse Lindorff, Kim Nowak-Zorde, Daniel Fält all of GL Music and Basim himself.	Cliche Love Song	Basim
performer	AC/DC began recording what would become Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap in January 1976 at Albert Studios with Harry Vanda and George Young (older brother of guitarists Malcolm and Angus) producing.	Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap	AC/DC
performer	``Found You'' is a single released by Ross Copperman in the UK on 25 August 2007, as the second single from his album Welcome To Reality.	Found You	Ross Copperman
performer	``Out of This Club'' is a song recorded by American girl group The Pussycat Dolls from their second studio album, Doll Domination (2008).	Out of This Club	The Pussycat Dolls
performer	``Hard in da Paint'' is the second single from American rapper Waka Flocka Flame's first studio album, Flockaveli.	Hard in da Paint	Waka Flocka Flame
performer	Power Tracks is a 1993 album by 2 Unlimited, a Eurodance project founded in 1991 by Belgian producers Jean-Paul DeCoster and Phil Wilde and fronted by Dutch rapper Ray Slijngaard and Dutch vocalist Anita Doth.	Power Tracks	2 Unlimited
performer	Hood Treason also known as HoodTREASON or The Warm Up Album is the first album from the rapper NYOIL.	Hood Treason	NYOIL
performer	``There Goes the Fear'' was the first single from Doves' second studio album The Last Broadcast.	There Goes the Fear	Doves
performer	Proof Through the Night is a 1983 album by T Bone Burnett, produced by Jeff Eyrich.	Proof Through the Night	T Bone Burnett
performer	Radio Ixtlan is the fourth studio album by the British experimental extreme music project Ewigkeit.	Radio Ixtlan	Ewigkeit
performer	``Sure Feels Good'' is a song written and recorded by Ultrabeat and Darren Styles, released as a single in 2007.	Sure Feels Good	Ultrabeat	Darren Styles
performer	On the Bandstand is an album by American country music artist Buck Owens, released in 1963.	On the Bandstand	Buck Owens
performer	``The Man Don't Give a Fuck'' is a song by Super Furry Animals, twice released as a single by the group.	The Man Don't Give a Fuck	Super Furry Animals
performer	``Get Up! (Before the Night Is Over)'' is a 1989 song recorded by Belgian dance-pop and electronica act Technotronic, featuring Ya Kid K. It was the second single from band's debut album Pump Up the Jam:	Get Up! (Before the Night Is Over)	Technotronic
performer	World Radio is the ninth album by the English singer-songwriter, Leo Sayer, and was released in May 1982.	World Radio	Leo Sayer
performer	``Everyday Is Like Sunday'' is the third track of Morrissey's debut solo album, Viva Hate, and the second single to be released by the artist.	Everyday Is Like Sunday	Morrissey
performer	Revolución de Amor (English: Revolution of Love) is the sixth studio album (sixteenth overall) by Latin American Mexican rock band Maná, released in 2002.	Revolución de Amor	Maná
performer	Anti Anti (Remixes) is a single by the band Bonaparte in collaboration with electronic music producer Markus Lange.	Anti Anti (Remixes)	Bonaparte
performer	Bridge Across Forever is the second studio album of progressive rock supergroup Transatlantic, released in 2001.	Bridge Across Forever	Transatlantic
performer	Any Port in a Storm is the debut album released by the Reggae band The Dirty Heads in 2008.	Any Port in a Storm	The Dirty Heads
performer	Zephyr National was Tom Fogerty's third solo album.	Zephyr National	Tom Fogerty
performer	Up the Bracket is the debut album by English indie rock band The Libertines, released in October 2002.	Up the Bracket	The Libertines
performer	``Nothing Else Matters'' is a song by American heavy metal band Metallica.	Nothing Else Matters	Metallica
performer	``Never Gonna Leave This Bed'' is a song performed by American pop rock band Maroon 5, taken from their third studio album, Hands All Over (2010).	Never Gonna Leave This Bed	Maroon 5
performer	Blues to the Bush is a live album by The Who recorded at the House of Blues in Chicago on 12 and 13 November 1999, and at the Empire Theatre, Shepherd's Bush on 22 and 23 December 1999.	Blues to the Bush	The Who
performer	Con Todo Respeto is a 2004 covers album by the Mexican band Molotov.	Con Todo Respeto	Molotov
performer	``She's Actin' Single (I'm Drinkin' Doubles)'' is a song written by Wayne Carson and recorded by American country music singer Gary Stewart.	She's Actin' Single (I'm Drinkin' Doubles)	Gary Stewart
performer	Twilight of Idols was Fashion's 1984 album produced by Zeus B. Held and their only to feature singer/songwriter Alan Darby.	Twilight of Idols	Fashion
performer	C Album is the third studio album of the Japanese duo KinKi Kids.	C Album	KinKi Kids
performer	Super Extra Gravity is The Cardigans' sixth album.	Super Extra Gravity	The Cardigans
performer	The Island of Dr. Trombone is a 2000 jazz album by trombonist Harry Watters.	The Island of Dr. Trombone	Harry Watters
performer	Today is Our Valentine's Day (Chinese: 今天情人节) is the third live album of Fish Leong (Chinese: 梁静茹), released on 28 August 2008.	Today is Our Valentine's Day	Fish Leong
performer	``A Dustland Fairytale'' is a song by American rock band The Killers, released as the fourth single from the band's third studio album, Day & Age (2008).	A Dustland Fairytale	The Killers
performer	Dni wiatru (Days of Wind) was the second album of Polish group Ścianka, released in 2000.	Dni wiatru	Ścianka
performer	I Don't Want to Forget You (simplified Chinese: 我不想忘记妳; traditional Chinese: 我不想忘記妳) is the first studio album by Claire Kuo.	I Don't Want to Forget You	Claire Kuo
performer	Don Solaris is an album by the British electronic music group 808 State.	Don Solaris	808 State
performer	Zeichnungen des Patienten O. T. (or Drawings of Patient O. T.) is the second studio album by the Berlin-based musical group Einstürzende Neubauten.	Zeichnungen des Patienten O. T.	Einstürzende Neubauten
performer	``Jenny Don't Be Hasty'' is a song by Scottish singer/songwriter Paolo Nutini, written with Jimmy Hogarth and produced by Hogarth, which was his second single released on 25 September 2006.	Jenny Don't Be Hasty	Paolo Nutini
performer	``Heartkiller'' is a song by the Finnish band HIM, and the first single from their seventh studio album Screamworks:	Heartkiller	HIM
performer	Water to the Dead is an album by the gothic rock band Ego Likeness.	Water to the Dead	Ego Likeness
performer	You Well-Meaning Brought Me Here is the 1971 album by British folk musician Ralph McTell.	You Well-Meaning Brought Me Here	Ralph McTell
performer	Black Aria II is a 2006 album by Glenn Danzig, the follow-up to his 1992 Black Aria classical solo album.	Black Aria II	Glenn Danzig
performer	It's the Girls! is the fourteenth studio album, and twenty-fifth album overall, by Bette Midler, released on November 4, 2014.	It's the Girls!	Bette Midler
performer	Lightbulb Sun is the sixth studio album by British progressive rock band Porcupine Tree, first released in July 2000, and later reissued in 2008 on CD, DVD-A surround sound, and vinyl.	Lightbulb Sun	Porcupine Tree
performer	Forget Yourself is the fifteenth album by the Australian psychedelic rock band The Church, released in October 2003.	Forget Yourself	The Church
performer	Songs for the Front Row is the 2001 ``Best of'' album by British rock group Ocean Colour Scene.	Songs for the Front Row	Ocean Colour Scene
performer	Shades of a Blue Orphanage is the second studio album by Irish band Thin Lizzy, released in 1972.	Shades of a Blue Orphanage	Thin Lizzy
performer	Change We Must is the seventh solo album by Yes lead singer Jon Anderson, released in 1994.	Change We Must	Jon Anderson
performer	When I Said I Wanted to Be Your Dog is a 2004 album by Swedish singer-songwriter Jens Lekman.	When I Said I Wanted to Be Your Dog	Jens Lekman
performer	Inside the Eye is the last album released by Skin Yard in 1993.	Inside the Eye	Skin Yard
performer	``Nada Puede Cambiarme'' (English: Nothing Can Change Me) is the second single released from Paulina Rubio's 2006 Spanish language album Ananda.	Nada Puede Cambiarme	Paulina Rubio
performer	Everything Is Boring and Everyone Is a Fucking Liar is the second studio album by the Philadelphian hip-hop group, Spank Rock.	Everything Is Boring and Everyone Is a Fucking Liar	Spank Rock
performer	``Catholic School Girls Rule'' is a song from the 1985 album Freaky Styley by The Red Hot Chili Peppers.	Catholic School Girls Rule	Red Hot Chili Peppers
performer	Upstyledown is the second studio album by 28 Days, released in 2000.	Upstyledown	28 Days
performer	``Bye Bye Bayou'' is a single by LCD Soundsystem released on November 7, 2009, to coincide with the Record Store Day offshoot, Vinyl Saturday.	Bye Bye Bayou	LCD Soundsystem
performer	``The Remedy (I Won't Worry)'' is the first single released by American singer-songwriter Jason Mraz from his debut album Waiting for My Rocket to Come in 2002.	The Remedy (I Won't Worry)	Jason Mraz
performer	``Never Knew Love Like This'' is a top ten US R&B hit, and a top ten UK hit song duetted by American R&B singers Cherrelle and Alexander O'Neal; released in 1988.	Never Knew Love Like This	Cherrelle	Alexander O'Neal
performer	``That Song in My Head'' is a song written by Tony Martin, Wendell Mobley and Jim Collins, and recorded by American country music singer and professional dancer Julianne Hough.	That Song in My Head	Julianne Hough
performer	She Used to Wanna Be a Ballerina was the seventh album by Buffy Sainte-Marie, released in 1971.	She Used to Wanna Be a Ballerina	Buffy Sainte-Marie
performer	Shake What God Gave Ya is the third studio album from American country artist James Otto.	Shake What God Gave Ya	James Otto
performer	Half a Love is the eighth album by American soul group The Chi-Lites, produced and largely written by lead singer Eugene Record.	Half a Love	The Chi-Lites
performer	秋心 Autumn Heart is the ninth studio album of cantopop singer Prudence Liew, released in 1992.	Autumn Heart	Prudence Liew
performer	``Clean Up Woman'' is a song by Betty Wright from her second studio album, I Love the Way You Love (1972).	Clean Up Woman	Betty Wright
performer	Summer Romance is a Cantopop album by Leslie Cheung first released in 1987.	Summer Romance	Leslie Cheung
performer	Homeless Brother is an album by American singer-songwriter Don McLean, released in 1974.	Homeless Brother	Don McLean
performer	Apollo Ends is the second studio album by the avant garde/progressive death metal band Sculptured.	Apollo Ends	Sculptured
performer	Guitar and Drum is the ninth studio album recorded by Stiff Little Fingers, released in 2003.	Guitar and Drum	Stiff Little Fingers
performer	``One Night Love Affair'' is a song by Canadian singer and songwriter Bryan Adams.	One Night Love Affair	Bryan Adams
performer	Far Away in America is a song sung by the players of the German national football team featuring the American disco group Village People.	Far Away in America	Village People
performer	``Coax Me'' is a song by Sloan, released as the first single their second album Twice Removed.	Coax Me	Sloan
performer	``The Boy Who Murdered Love'' is a song written by Diana Vickers and Chris Braide and recorded by Vickers for her debut album, Songs from the Tainted Cherry Tree.	The Boy Who Murdered Love	Diana Vickers
performer	Wooden Bones is the third album of Canadian rock band Pilot Speed.	Wooden Bones	Pilot Speed
performer	``Stillness of Heart'', released on January 29, 2002, is a song written by Lenny Kravitz and Craig Ross, released on Kravitz's 2001 album Lenny.	Stillness of Heart	Lenny Kravitz
performer	``Funktafied'' is the name of a 2001 single by British pop group Five Star, peaking at #99 on the U.S. Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart in July of that year and becoming their first single from their Eclipse album.	Funktafied	Five Star
performer	``Diamonds from Sierra Leone'' is a Grammy-winning song by American hip-hop artist Kanye West.	Diamonds from Sierra Leone	Kanye West
performer	``Caliban's Dream'' is a track written by Rick Smith of electronic group Underworld for the Isles of Wonder opening ceremony of the 2012 summer Olympics in London, and the 14th and final track of the first disc of the official soundtrack.	Caliban's Dream	Underworld
performer	Todo el Año (All Year Long) is the third studio album released by Puerto-Rican American performer Obie Bermúdez.	Todo el Año	Obie Bermúdez
performer	``Then and Only Then'' is a song written by Bill Anderson and recorded by the American country artist, Connie Smith, on her Connie Smith.	Then and Only Then	Connie Smith
performer	Fruits of Nature is the debut album by the American rap group The U.M.C.'s.	Fruits of Nature	The U.M.C.
performer	HyperParadise is the fourth album from Australian hip-hop artists Hermitude.	HyperParadise	Hermitude
performer	The Troubled Troubadour is a posthumous expanded compact disc edition of punk rock singer-songwriter and musician GG Allin's original 1990 7`` EP of the same name.	The Troubled Troubadour	GG Allin
performer	We Lost the Skyline (also Transmission 7.1) is a live recording by Porcupine Tree, recorded during an in-store performance at Park Avenue CDs in Orlando, Florida, with 200 fans in attendance.	We Lost the Skyline	Porcupine Tree
performer	``The Next Time'' backed with ``Bachelor Boy'' was the first of three number one hit singles from the Cliff Richard musical, Summer Holiday.	The Next Time	Cliff Richard
performer	Ether Ore is the latest solo album from one of the Chapman Stick frontrunners, Greg Howard.	Ether Ore	Greg Howard
performer	The Song Remains the Same is the live soundtrack album of the concert film of the same name by the English rock band Led Zeppelin.	The Song Remains the Same	Led Zeppelin
performer	``Let Your Backbone Slide'' is the debut single of Maestro Fresh-Wes, released in 1989, from his debut album Symphony in Effect.	Let Your Backbone Slide	Maestro
performer	``Jesus in Disguise'' is a song by Christian contemporary-alternative rock musician Brandon Heath from his fourth studio album, Blue Mountain.	Jesus in Disguise	Brandon Heath
performer	Blade of a Knife is the first full-length album by punk rock band Bomb Factory.	Blade of a Knife	Bomb Factory
performer	Électron Libre is the fourth studio album (fifth overall) from the French R&B singer Nâdiya.	Électron Libre	Nâdiya
performer	There's Nothing Wrong with Love is the second full-length album released by indie rock band Built to Spill.	There's Nothing Wrong with Love	Built to Spill
performer	Remember to Live is an EP by American rock band Flyleaf and released after the tour supporting their previously released album Memento Mori.	Remember to Live	Flyleaf
performer	Keep It Hood is an EP by rapper MC Eiht.	Keep It Hood	MC Eiht
performer	Detrimentalist is an album by Canadian breakcore artist Venetian Snares, released June 9, 2008.	Detrimentalist	Venetian Snares
performer	Clara Oswald is a fictional character created by Steven Moffat and portrayed by Jenna Coleman in the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.	Clara Oswald	Jenna Coleman
performer	Oh Fortune is the Juno Award-winning third album by Canadian singer-songwriter Dan Mangan, released on September 27, 2011 on the Arts & Crafts label.	Oh Fortune	Dan Mangan
performer	``Lindisfarne / Unluck'' is a double A-side single by English dubstep producer and singer-songwriter James Blake, released as the third single from his self-titled debut album.	Lindisfarne / Unluck	James Blake
performer	``Try with Me'' is a song by American recording artist Nicole Scherzinger, taken from the re-release of her debut studio album, Killer Love (2011).	Try with Me	Nicole Scherzinger
performer	Big Men Cry is a music album by artist Banco de Gaia, released in 1997.	Big Men Cry	Banco de Gaia
performer	No Borders Here is the second album (and first to be available outside Canada) by Jane Siberry.	No Borders Here	Jane Siberry
performer	``Chasing Pavements'' is a song by English singer Adele, from her debut album 19.	Chasing Pavements	Adele
performer	``Will You Love Me Tomorrow'', also known as ``Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow'', is a song written by Gerry Goffin and Carole King and originally recorded by The Shirelles.	Will You Love Me Tomorrow	The Shirelles
performer	``Always on Time'' is a song by American rapper Ja Rule, featuring Ashanti, and produced by Irv Gotti.	Always on Time	Ja Rule	Ashanti
performer	``Let's Twist Again'' is a song written by Kal Mann and Dave Appell, and released as a single by Chubby Checker.	Let's Twist Again	Chubby Checker
performer	Maxi On is Takako Minekawa's latest solo release.	Maxi On	Takako Minekawa
performer	``River Below'' is a song by the Canadian band Billy Talent, released on July 5, 2004.	River Below	Billy Talent
performer	100 Memories was the thirty-first studio album of Bobby Vinton, released in 1979 by the Canadian label Ahed.	100 Memories	Bobby Vinton
performer	What's New!!! (subtitled Sonny Stitt Plays the Varitone) is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt recorded in 1966 and released on the Roulette label.	What's New!!!	Sonny Stitt
performer	More You Becomes You is the debut studio album by American artist Liam Hayes at the time known only as Plush, originally released on September 8, 1998 on the Drag City label in the United States and on the Domino label in Europe.	More You Becomes You	Liam Hayes
performer	``Ghanniet'' ``(I sang)'' is a single by Amal Hijazi from her debut album Akher Gharam.	Ghanniet	Amal Hijazi
performer	Lie Back and Enjoy It is the second album by British-American blues rock group Juicy Lucy, which was released in 1970.	Lie Back and Enjoy It	Juicy Lucy
performer	Soul Rebels is an album by The Wailers, their first album to be released outside of Jamaica.	Soul Rebels	The Wailers
performer	Au cœur du stade (meaning At the Heart of the Stadium) is a live album by Canadian singer Celine Dion, released on August 27, 1999.	Au cœur du stade	Celine Dion
performer	Experiments in Mass Appeal is the second studio album by UK neo-progressive rock group Frost*.	Experiments in Mass Appeal	Frost
performer	The Hidden Land is the eighth studio album and twelfth album overall released by Béla Fleck and the Flecktones, released in 2006.	The Hidden Land	Béla Fleck and the Flecktones
performer	De-Loused in the Comatorium is the debut studio album by American progressive rock band The Mars Volta, released on June 24, 2003, on Gold Standard Laboratories and Universal Records.	De-Loused in the Comatorium	The Mars Volta
performer	The Sun of Tiphareth is the second full-length studio album by black metal band Absu.	The Sun of Tiphareth	Absu
performer	Into the Purple Valley is the second studio album by roots rock musician Ry Cooder, released in 1972 (see 1972 in music).	Into the Purple Valley	Ry Cooder
performer	``Got to Get You Off My Mind'' is a 1965 soul single written and performed by Solomon Burke.	Got to Get You Off My Mind	Solomon Burke
performer	Political Blues is the twentieth album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet and their seventh on the Canadian Justin Time label.	Political Blues	World Saxophone Quartet
performer	Highway Companion is the third solo album, and 14th overall, by American musician Tom Petty.	Highway Companion	Tom Petty
performer	``Driving the Last Spike'' is the third track on the Genesis album We Can't Dance, released in 1991.	Driving the Last Spike	Genesis
performer	``As We Enter'' is the first single from Nas and Damian Marley's collaboration album, Distant Relatives.	As We Enter	Nas	Damian Marley
performer	D Album is the fourth studio album of the Japanese group KinKi Kids.	D Album	KinKi Kids
performer	These Here Are Crazy Times is the second album released by Australian rock group Boom Crash Opera, released in 1989.	These Here Are Crazy Times	Boom Crash Opera
performer	``Wrong Impression'' is the title of a pop rock song performed by Australian singer-songwriter Natalie Imbruglia.	Wrong Impression	Natalie Imbruglia
performer	``Digital Bath'' is a song by the American alternative metal band Deftones from their third album, White Pony.	Digital Bath	Deftones
performer	The Failure Epiphany is the second album produced by Erica Dunham, under the moniker of Unter Null.	The Failure Epiphany	Unter Null
performer	``Steh auf, wenn du am Boden bist'' (Stand up if you're on the floor) is a song by Die Toten Hosen.	Steh auf, wenn du am Boden bist	Die Toten Hosen
performer	``What Is Truth'' is a single by American country music artist Johnny Cash released in February 1970.	What Is Truth	Johnny Cash
performer	Ur jordens djup (English: From the Depths of the Earth) is the fourth full-length Finntroll album.	Ur jordens djup	Finntroll
performer	Parallel Realities is an album by Jack DeJohnette, Pat Metheny and Herbie Hancock recorded in 1990 and released on the MCA label.	Parallel Realities	Jack DeJohnette
performer	Junk of the Heart is the third album from British indie band The Kooks.	Junk of the Heart	The Kooks
performer	Miss Calypso is a 1957 album by writer and poet Maya Angelou.	Miss Calypso	Maya Angelou
performer	Rent förbannat is a 2012 double studio album by Ulf Lundell.	Rent förbannat	Ulf Lundell
performer	Flute Soufflé is an album by jazz flautists Herbie Mann and Bobby Jaspar featuring tracks recorded in 1957 for the Prestige label.	Flute Soufflé	Herbie Mann
performer	Besoin (French: Need) is the debut studio album released by Princess Stéphanie of Monaco.	Besoin	Princess Stéphanie of Monaco
performer	``Feel the Groove'' is a song recorded by the Belgian eurodance group Cartouche.	Feel the Groove	Cartouche
performer	Als geen ander is the fifth album by Dutch singer Marco Borsato, released in 1995 by Polydor.	Als geen ander	Marco Borsato
performer	``No Good (Start the Dance)'' is a song by English electronic music group The Prodigy.	No Good (Start the Dance)	The Prodigy
performer	Emotivna luda (English: Emotionally Crazy) is the eighth studio album by Serbian singer Ceca.	Emotivna luda	Ceca
performer	Soul Cycle is the fourth album by pianist Cedar Walton which was recorded in 1969 and released on the Prestige label.	Soul Cycle	Cedar Walton
performer	Go Europe! is the fourth album of Japanese band Electric Eel Shock and was released in 2004 in Europe.	Go Europe!	Electric Eel Shock
performer	``Cygnet Committee'' is a song written by David Bowie in 1969 for his second eponymous album (released in the U.S. as Man of Words, Man of Music and re-released in 1972 as Space Oddity).	Cygnet Committee	David Bowie
performer	Warren G, who produced the song, was featured on ``Eastside LB'' along with R&B singer Tracey Nelson.	Eastside LB	Warren G
performer	``Haven't Had Enough'' is a song recorded by Canadian pop punk band Marianas Trench for their third studio album, Ever After (2011).	Haven't Had Enough	Marianas Trench
performer	Die Versuchung (The Temptation) is an album containing 11 songs by Jasmin Wagner released in April 2006.	Die Versuchung	Jasmin Wagner
performer	``Vivrant Thing'' is the first single released by Q-Tip on his debut solo album Amplified.	Vivrant Thing	Q-Tip
performer	``Be Stiff'' is the third single by new wave group Devo, released in 1977.	Be Stiff	Devo
performer	``Get Outta My Dreams, Get into My Car'' is a single by Trinidadian-born British singer Billy Ocean, based on a line in the Sherman Brothers' song ``You're Sixteen''.	Get Outta My Dreams, Get into My Car	Billy Ocean
performer	``Apprentice of the Universe'' is a song and single by the British New prog band Pure Reason Revolution.	Apprentice of the Universe	Pure Reason Revolution
performer	``Lovesongs (They Kill Me)'' is a glam rock song by German band Cinema Bizarre, from their debut album Final Attraction.	Lovesongs (They Kill Me)	Cinema Bizarre
performer	``Since U Been Gone'' is a song recorded by American pop rock singer Kelly Clarkson from her second studio album, Breakaway (2004).	Since U Been Gone	Kelly Clarkson
performer	Outlaster is the fifth studio album recorded by American singer-songwriter Nina Nastasia.	Outlaster	Nina Nastasia
performer	New Favorite is the ninth album by bluegrass music group Alison Krauss & Union Station, released August 14, 2001.	New Favorite	Alison Krauss
performer	``High School Never Ends'' is a song by the Texas pop punk band Bowling for Soup.	High School Never Ends	Bowling for Soup
performer	Brats in Battalions is the second album by punk band Adolescents, which was released in 1987.	Brats in Battalions	Adolescents
performer	Dark Undercoat is the debut album by Emily Jane White released in 2007 on label Double Negative Records in the U.S. and by Talitres records in France.	Dark Undercoat	Emily Jane White
performer	``Don't Knock My Love'' is a hit song performed by R&B singer Wilson Pickett and written by Pickett with Brad Shapiro.	Don't Knock My Love	Wilson Pickett
performer	Merchants and Thieves is the third studio album release by Scottish pop singer Sandi Thom, released on 17 May 2010.	Merchants and Thieves	Sandi Thom
performer	``With Love Baby'', is a song by the Belgian band Witloof Bay, which represented Belgium at the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 in Düsseldorf, Germany.	With Love Baby	Witloof Bay
performer	They've Actually Gotten Worse Live! is a live album by punk rock band NOFX.	They've Actually Gotten Worse Live!	NOFX
performer	Oxygen of Love is an album by New Zealand singer/songwriter Emma Paki released in 1996.	Oxygen of Love	Emma Paki
performer	Full Moon in St. Petersburg is a live music album by Rage, recorded in SKK, St. Petersburg, Russia, on 25 May 2006.	Full Moon in St. Petersburg	Rage
performer	You Can Do Anything is the third album by British indie rock band The Zutons.	You Can Do Anything	The Zutons
performer	``Dying Is Fine'' was one of the first songs written by Ra Ra Riot.	Dying Is Fine	Ra Ra Riot
performer	``Mr. Carter'' is a song by American hip hop recording artist Lil Wayne, released July 1, 2008, as a promotional single from his highly acclaimed sixth studio album Tha Carter III (2008).	Mr. Carter	Lil Wayne
performer	Fame, Fortune and Fornication is a cover album by ska punk band Reel Big Fish.	Fame, Fortune and Fornication	Reel Big Fish
performer	Free Lancing is an album by American guitarist James Blood Ulmer recorded in 1981 and released on the Columbia label.	Free Lancing	James Blood Ulmer
performer	Shady Satin Drug is the second and final studio album from pop/rock band soulDecision, released October 26, 2004.	Shady Satin Drug	soulDecision
performer	The Ultimate Experience is a 1992 compilation album of songs by songwriter and guitarist Jimi Hendrix.	The Ultimate Experience	Jimi Hendrix
performer	Too-Rye-Ay is the second album by Dexys Midnight Runners, released in July 1982.	Too-Rye-Ay	Dexys Midnight Runners
performer	``The Ideal Height'' is a song by Biffy Clyro and was the first single from their 2003 album, The Vertigo of Bliss, and their fifth overall single.	The Ideal Height	Biffy Clyro
performer	``That Kiss'' is the sixth single released by indie rock band The Courteeners, it is a non-album track.	That Kiss	The Courteeners
performer	Fantasies & Delusions is the thirteenth and final studio album released by Billy Joel and it is the first (and so far only) album of his classical compositions, released in 2001.	Fantasies & Delusions	Billy Joel
performer	``Secret Separation'' is a song by British new wave rock group The Fixx, from their fourth studio album Walkabout.	Secret Separation	The Fixx
performer	Good Girl Gone Bad Live is the first live long-form video by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna.	Good Girl Gone Bad Live	Rihanna
performer	``Beast and the Harlot'' is a song by Avenged Sevenfold, the song was released as a single taken from their third album City of Evil.	Beast and the Harlot	Avenged Sevenfold
performer	Tasmim (Persian: تصمیم‎, in English means: Decision), is a critical single by Iranian singer, Ebi, released in 2009, just a few months before the controversial 2009 presidential election.	Tasmim	Ebi
performer	Hazel's Wreath is the second album by folk rock band Tiny Lights, released in 1988 through Gaia Records.	Hazel's Wreath	Tiny Lights
performer	Loved Me Back to Life is the eleventh English-language studio album by Canadian singer Celine Dion, released by Sony Music Entertainment on 1 November 2013.	Loved Me Back to Life	Celine Dion
performer	Remind Me Where the Light Is is the second album from the U.S. band Great Northern.	Remind Me Where the Light Is	Great Northern
performer	Elaine MacKenzie is the second album by Chicago pop band Green, released in 1987 on Pravda Records.	Elaine MacKenzie	Green
performer	``Forward Motion'' is the second single released in 2009 by the Christian alternative rock band Thousand Foot Krutch from their album Welcome to the Masquerade.	Forward Motion	Thousand Foot Krutch
performer	Canada Songs is Daughters' first full-length album.	Canada Songs	Daughters
performer	The Hear After is the third studio album of indie hip hop artist J-Live, released in 2005 on the label Penalty.	The Hear After	J-Live
performer	Fast Times at Barrington High is the third and final studio album by American rock band The Academy Is..., released in August 2008.	Fast Times at Barrington High	The Academy Is
performer	``Rock My Heart'' is a song by Trinidadian-German musician Haddaway.	Rock My Heart	Haddaway
performer	Like Swimming is a 1997 album by the alternative rock band Morphine.	Like Swimming	Morphine
performer	``Pass the Mic'' is the first single from the third studio album Check Your Head by Beastie Boys, released on April 7, 1992.	Pass the Mic	Beastie Boys
performer	``Dancing Machine'' is a 1973 song recorded by The Jackson 5, released as a single in 1974.	Dancing Machine	The Jackson 5
performer	Hope Is a Thing With Feathers is the fifth and final album by the Alternative Country band Trailer Bride.	Hope Is a Thing With Feathers	Trailer Bride
performer	``Doing It All for My Baby'' is a song performed by Huey Lewis and the News, released as a single from the album Fore! in 1987.	Doing It All for My Baby	Huey Lewis and the News
performer	Don't Take Away My Heart is a song by German musical group Modern Talking.	Don't Take Away My Heart	Modern Talking
performer	Come Around Sundown is the fifth studio album by American rock band Kings of Leon, released in Ireland, Australia and Germany on October 15, 2010, followed by releases in the UK on October 18 and North America on October 19.	Come Around Sundown	Kings of Leon
performer	Synthetica is the fifth studio album by Canadian indie rock band Metric, released on 12 June 2012.	Synthetica	Metric
performer	The Great White Stanhope is the debut stand-up comedy album by Doug Stanhope.	The Great White Stanhope	Doug Stanhope
performer	We Started Nothing is the debut studio album by English indie pop duo The Ting Tings.	We Started Nothing	The Ting Tings
performer	Alma Caribeña (English: Caribbean Soul) is the ninth studio solo album and third Spanish album released by American singer Gloria Estefan.	Alma Caribeña	Gloria Estefan
performer	``I'm on Fire'' is a song written and performed by American rock artist Bruce Springsteen.	I'm on Fire	Bruce Springsteen
performer	Rose Album is J-pop singer Rie fu's second album, released in 2006.	Rose Album	Rie fu
performer	``Vida 23'' is a song from American rapper Pitbull's fifth studio album, Armando.	Vida 23	Pitbull
performer	In Love and Death is the second studio album by American alternative rock band The Used.	In Love and Death	The Used
performer	In Spite of Harry's Toenail is the debut studio album of the British progressive rock band, Gnidrolog.	In Spite of Harry's Toenail	Gnidrolog
performer	Days of Hunger is the debut studio album by Israeli alternative folk artist Geva Alon, released on March 22, 2006.	Days of Hunger	Geva Alon
performer	Test-Tube Conceived is a 1986 album by English singer and musician Robert Calvert.	Test-Tube Conceived	Robert Calvert
performer	``Your Latest Trick'' is a song by Dire Straits that appeared on the studio album Brothers in Arms, and also on the live album On the Night; the same live version is on Sultans of Swing:	Your Latest Trick	Dire Straits
performer	``My Songs Know What You Did in the Dark (Light Em Up)'' is a song written and recorded by American rock band Fall Out Boy, released as the lead single for their fifth studio album, Save Rock and Roll.	My Songs Know What You Did in the Dark (Light Em Up)	Fall Out Boy
performer	``Call and Answer'' is a song by the Canadian group Barenaked Ladies.	Call and Answer	Barenaked Ladies
performer	``Going!'' is the twelfth single by Japanese boy band KAT-TUN.	Going!	KAT-TUN
performer	Space Between the Words is the first solo album by Dan Le Sac, released on Sunday Best Recordings in 2012.	Space Between the Words	Dan Le Sac
performer	``Of Angels and Angles'' is a track by The Decemberists off their album Picaresque.	Of Angels and Angles	The Decemberists
performer	Machine Age Voodoo is the third studio album by Australian industrial band SPK, released on November 30, 1984 by WEA.	Machine Age Voodoo	SPK
performer	``For Loving You'' is a 1967 duet by Bill Anderson and Jan Howard.	For Loving You	Bill Anderson	Jan Howard
performer	View from the Vault, Volume Two (or View from the Vault II) is the second entry in the ``View from the Vault'' series by the Grateful Dead.	View from the Vault, Volume Two	Grateful Dead
performer	The Looks or the Lifestyle? is the fourth album by UK based Grebo band, Pop Will Eat Itself released 7 September 1992.	The Looks or the Lifestyle?	Pop Will Eat Itself
performer	Anthem for the Underdog is the third album by the rock band 12 Stones.	Anthem for the Underdog	12 Stones
performer	I'm Like a Virgin Losing a Child is the first full-length album from Atlanta musicians Manchester Orchestra.	I'm Like a Virgin Losing a Child	Manchester Orchestra
performer	Tio vackra visor och Personliga Person (English: Ten Beautiful Songs and Personal Person) is the fourth studio album by the Swedish-Dutch folk singer-songwriter Cornelis Vreeswijk.	Tio vackra visor och Personliga Person	Cornelis Vreeswijk
performer	``Like I Love You'' is the debut single recorded by American singer Justin Timberlake for his debut studio album, Justified (2002).	Like I Love You	Justin Timberlake
performer	My Brother's Blood Machine is the first solo album by the lead singer of Coheed and Cambria, Claudio Sanchez (who refers to himself as The Prize Fighter Inferno in order to connect the story of this album to that of The Amory Wars) and was released on October 31, 2006.	My Brother's Blood Machine	The Prize Fighter Inferno
performer	``Tell Me Goodbye'' is a song released by the South Korean boy band Big Bang.	Tell Me Goodbye	Big Bang
performer	... and the Beat Goes On! is the debut studio album by German dance group Scooter.	... and the Beat Goes On!	Scooter
performer	Different Skies is the 1994 debut album by singer and songwriter Cara Jones who, up until its release, had operated solely as a songwriter for other artists.	Different Skies	Cara Jones
performer	``1-800 Suicide'' was the third and final single released from the Gravediggaz' debut album, 6 Feet Deep.	1-800 Suicide	Gravediggaz
performer	``J'aime les filles (si vous êtes comme ça téléphonez moi)'' is a 1967 single by French singer-songwriter Jacques Dutronc.	J'aime les filles	Jacques Dutronc
performer	Some Day Soon is the debut and only solo album by singer-songwriter Kristian Leontiou.	Some Day Soon	Kristian Leontiou
performer	``Twist It'' is the first single from Olivia's G-Unit debut Behind Closed Doors.	Twist It	Olivia
performer	Fast and Curious is the fourth studio album by American R&B recording artist Sy Smith, released on March 6, 2012 by Psyko!	Fast and Curious	Sy Smith
performer	Hottest Girl in the World is a song by English boy band JLS, released as the official lead, and second overall, single from the group's fourth studio album, Evolution.	Hottest Girl in the World	JLS
performer	12 canciones de García Lorca para guitarra (12 Songs by García Lorca for Guitar) is an album by Paco de Lucía and Ricardo Modrego.	12 canciones de García Lorca para guitarra	Paco de Lucía
performer	Five Miles Out is the seventh record album by Mike Oldfield, released in 1982, at a time when his music was moving away from large-scale symphonic pieces towards a more accessible pop style.	Five Miles Out	Mike Oldfield
performer	Our Bodies Our Selves is the fifth album by the Berkeley, California punk rock band The Mr. T Experience, released in 1993 by Lookout!	Our Bodies Our Selves	The Mr. T Experience
performer	Rappa Ternt Sanga is the debut studio album by American rapper, singer-songwriter and record producer T-Pain; it was released on December 6, 2005.	Rappa Ternt Sanga	T-Pain
performer	``Hell or Hallelujah'' is a song by the American hard rock band Kiss on their 20th studio album Monster.	Hell or Hallelujah	Kiss
performer	Passion and the Opera is the third single by Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish, released from their album Oceanborn, the single was shipped only in a cardsleeve.	Passion and the Opera	Nightwish
performer	Terrified is the seventh album by American heavy metal band Quiet Riot.	Terrified	Quiet Riot
performer	Empty Glass is the first solo album of original material by Pete Townshend, first released in 1980.	Empty Glass	Pete Townshend
performer	Stranger in the City was the second solo album by John Miles and was released in 1977.	Stranger in the City	John Miles
performer	Kimi wa 100% (君は100%) is the thirty-first single by the Japanese Pop-rock band Porno Graffitti.	Kimi wa 100%	Porno Graffitti
performer	I, John is the second album by rapper John Forté, released in 2002.	I, John	John Forté
performer	``Long Is the Road (Américain)'' is the name of a 1984 song recorded by the French singer and songwriter Jean-Jacques Goldman.	Long Is the Road (Américain)	Jean-Jacques Goldman
performer	Early Morning Migration is a minimal electronic album created by Anticipate and Microcosm label-head Ezekiel Honig with Morgan Packard.	Early Morning Migration	Ezekiel Honig
performer	Freak In is the 20th album by trumpeter Dave Douglas.	Freak In	Dave Douglas
performer	Irreemplazable is the first extended play (EP) by American recording artist Beyoncé.	Irreemplazable	Beyoncé
performer	Stories of the Danube is a symphony by Joe Zawinul, which was commissioned by the Brucknerhaus, Linz.	Stories of the Danube	Joe Zawinul
performer	``Angel Flying Too Close to the Ground'' was written and performed by Willie Nelson.	Angel Flying Too Close to the Ground	Willie Nelson
performer	Roses in the Snow is the seventh album by country music artist Emmylou Harris, released in 1980.	Roses in the Snow	Emmylou Harris
performer	Outside the Simian Flock is the 2001 debut album by Belgian rock band Millionaire.	Outside the Simian Flock	Millionaire
performer	``All Used Up'' is a song by Canadian rock group Sloan, released as a single from the band's 2005 compilation album, A Sides Win.	All Used Up	Sloan
performer	Is the World Strange or Am I Strange? is the second album by English singer-songwriter Cosmo Jarvis.	Is the World Strange or Am I Strange?	Cosmo Jarvis
performer	Once Sent from the Golden Hall is the first full-length studio album released by the melodic death metal band Amon Amarth, released by Metal Blade Records.	Once Sent from the Golden Hall	Amon Amarth
performer	Out of Frequency is the second album by Danish band The Asteroids Galaxy Tour.	Out of Frequency	The Asteroids Galaxy Tour
performer	The Gifted is the third studio album by American rapper Wale.	The Gifted	Wale
performer	Hormonally Yours is the second studio album by British-based pop act Shakespears Sister.	Hormonally Yours	Shakespears Sister
performer	Baby Faced Killer is the 2nd solo album of British rock singer David Byron.	Baby Faced Killer	David Byron
performer	The Hope Division is the third release by American melodic hardcore band Stick to Your Guns.	The Hope Division	Stick to Your Guns
place of birth	David Patros (born September 11, 1977 in Paris) is a retired French sprinter.	David Patros	Paris
place of birth	Adam Bandt was born in Adelaide, South Australia--a descendant of German immigrants who emigrated to the Hahndorf and Barossa Valley regions in the 1800s.	Adam Bandt	Adelaide
place of birth	Jan de Visscher (ca.1636, Haarlem -- 1692-1712, Amsterdam), was a Dutch Golden Age engraver who became a painter in later life.	Jan de Visscher	Amsterdam
place of birth	Paul Ireland (born 1970) is a Scottish actor from Ardrossan, North Ayrshire, Scotland.	Paul Ireland	Ardrossan
place of birth	Daniel Huybrechts (9 November 1966, East Berlin) is a German mathematician, specializing in algebraic geometry.	Daniel Huybrechts	Berlin
place of birth	Dene Shields (born 16 September 1982 in Edinburgh) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a Striker.	Dene Shields	Edinburgh
place of birth	Alain Raguel (born 6 September 1976 in Lille) is a currently unattached French footballer.	Alain Raguel	Lille
place of birth	Giuseppina Pasqualino di Marineo (known as Pippa Bacca) (9 December 1974 -- 31 March 2008) was an Italian artist who, together with a fellow artist, was hitchhiking from Milan to the Middle East to promote world peace and trust in other people, symbolically wearing a wedding dress during her trek.	Pippa Bacca	Milan
place of birth	Babz Chula was born as Barbara Ellen Zuckerman, in Springfield, Massachusetts.	Babz Chula	Springfield
place of birth	Katarzyna Bachleda-Curuś née Wójcicka (born 1 January 1980) is a Polish speed skater, who was born in Sanok and resides in Zakopane.	Katarzyna Bachleda-Curuś	Sanok
place of birth	Cecilia Yip Tung (Chinese: 葉童; born 8 March 1963) is a Hong Kong actress whose work is known throughout Asia, especially in Mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan.	Cecilia Yip	Hong Kong
place of birth	Tom Brosseau is an American musical storyteller and guitarist, born and raised in Grand Forks, North Dakota, United States.	Tom Brosseau	Grand Forks
place of birth	Henry Augustus Buchtel (September 3, 1847 -- October 22, 1924) was an American minister, educator, and public official, born near Akron, Ohio.	Henry Augustus Buchtel	Akron
place of birth	Joyner Lourenco (born April 1, 1993) is an Indian footballer who currently plays for Sporting Goa in the I-League as a Defender.	Joyner Lourenco	Goa
place of birth	Robert Hooke was born in 1635 in Freshwater on the Isle of Wight to John Hooke and Cecily Gyles.	Robert Hooke	Isle of Wight
place of birth	Mohamed Badache born October 15, 1976 in Hussein Dey, Alger) is an Algerian footballer.	Mohamed Badache	Hussein Dey
place of birth	Pierre Maisonnat dit Baptiste (born in Bergerac, France 1663, died in Acadia after August 1714) was a French privateer famous for the success he had against New England merchant shipping and fishing interests during King William's War and Queen Anne's War.	Pierre Maisonnat dit Baptiste	Bergerac
place of birth	Mario Giro (born 1958 in Rome) is an Italian trade-unionist, and since 1990 a mediator for peace in the Community of Sant'Egidio.	Mario Giro	Rome
place of birth	William Marcet FRS FRCP (13 May 1828 - 4 March 1900) was President of the Royal Meteorological Society He was born the son of Francis Marcet, FRS and the grandson of Alexander Marcet, FRS in Geneva, Switzerland.	William Marcet	Geneva
place of birth	Maurício Waldman (São Paulo on December 2, 1955) is a professor, researcher, africanist, social activist and pioneer of Brazilian environmentalist movement.	Maurício Waldman	São Paulo
place of birth	Jiang Xiaochen (Chinese: 江晓辰; born 20 May 1992 in Shanghai) is a Chinese professional football player.	Jiang Xiaochen	Shanghai
place of birth	Montserrat Torrent i Serra (born in Barcelona in 1926) is an Spanish organist .	Montserrat Torrent	Barcelona
place of birth	Amy Knights (born 7 April 1994) is an Australian football (soccer) player, who last played for Perth Glory in the Australian W-League.	Amy Knights	Perth
place of birth	Rodrigo Pimentel (born on March 2, 1972, in Rio de Janeiro) is a former member of BOPE, the elite group of the Brazilian Military Police.	Rodrigo Pimentel	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Frédéric Soret, (12 May 1795 in Saint Petersburg - 18 December 1865 at Plainpalais in Geneva), Swiss private scholar in physics and Oriental numismatics.	Frédéric Soret	Saint Petersburg
place of birth	Eric Redrobe (born 23 August 1944 in Wigan) is an English former association footballer who played in the Football League as a striker for Bolton Wanderers, Southport and Hereford United during the 1960s and 1970s.	Eric Redrobe	Wigan
place of birth	Ludwig Karl Koch MBE (13 November 1881, Frankfurt am Main - 4 May 1974, Harrow, London) was a broadcaster and sound recordist.	Ludwig Karl Koch	Frankfurt
place of birth	Luiz Gushiken was born in the small town of Osvaldo Cruz (in Presidente Prudente) and was the first-born son of seven children of the photographer and violinist Shoei and Setsu Gushiken, Japanese immigrants from Okinawa.	Luiz Gushiken	Osvaldo Cruz
place of birth	Fulvio Wetzl (born March 12, 1953 in Padua) is an Italian filmmaker.	Fulvio Wetzl	Padua
place of birth	Léo Apotheker (born September 18, 1953, in Aachen) is a German business executive.	Léo Apotheker	Aachen
place of birth	Kraig Chiles (born May 14, 1984 in Torrance, California) is an American soccer player, currently playing for the San Diego Sockers.	Kraig Chiles	Torrance
place of birth	Born in Craiova, Traian Demetrescu was the son of a pub owner known by the name of Gherbea; he had a sister, Victoria, and two brothers.	Traian Demetrescu	Craiova
place of birth	Friedrich Wilhelm Felix von Bärensprung, sometimes Baerensprung (30 March 1822 -- 26 August 1864) was a German dermatologist born in Berlin.	Friedrich Wilhelm Felix von Bärensprung	Berlin
place of birth	Ann Swisshelm (born March 9, 1968 in Middletown, Ohio) is a curler on the US Olympics Woman's Curling team.	Ann Swisshelm	Middletown
place of birth	Born at Cundle near Taree, New South Wales and one of 12 brothers, Oscar Quinlivan was a winger, centre-three quarter and lock-forward who played for the South Sydney Rabbitohs for eight seasons between 1923-1930.	Oscar Quinlivan	Taree, New South Wales
place of birth	Gennaro Fragiello (born March 30, 1984 in Naples) is an Italian professional football player.	Gennaro Fragiello	Naples
place of birth	Eleanor Robinson, née Puckrin, was brought up in Guisborough, North Yorkshire, England, the sister of Arthur, Richard and Philip.	Eleanor Robinson	Guisborough
place of birth	Evelyn Keyes was born in Port Arthur, Texas, to Omar Dow Keyes and Maude Ollive Keyes, the daughter of a Methodist minister.	Evelyn Keyes	Port Arthur
place of birth	Jean Barthet was born in Nay, a village in the Pyrenees region of France in 1920 -- although he would later put his date of birth as 1930/1.	Jean Barthet	Nay
place of birth	Annie Barrows (born 1962 in San Diego, California) is an American editor and author.	Annie Barrows	San Diego
place of birth	Valeria Marini (Rome, 14 May 1967) is an Italian model, actress, showgirl and fashion designer.	Valeria Marini	Rome
place of birth	Georgi Stanchev (Bulgarian: Георги Станчев; born 27 August 1985 in Varna) is a Bulgarian football striker currently playing for Dobrudzha Dobrich.	Georgi Stanchev	Varna
place of birth	The son of Thomas Drant, he was born at Hagworthingham in Lincolnshire.	Thomas Drant	Hagworthingham
place of birth	Eugene Earle Amick, Jr. (January 26, 1919 -- August 9, 1942) was born at Boonville, Missouri, the first son of Eugene Earle Amick and Gertrude Apperson Jones Amick.	Eugene Earle Amick	Boonville
place of birth	Maciej Stryjkowski was born around 1547 in Stryków, a town in the Rawa Voivodeship in the region of Masovia.	Maciej Stryjkowski	Stryków
place of birth	Alyssa-Jane Cook (born 16 February 1967 in Papua New Guinea) is an Australian actress and TV presenter currently used on TVSN.	Alyssa-Jane Cook	Papua New Guinea
place of birth	Paul Kodish is a professional drummer raised in Willesden, London.	Paul Kodish	London
place of birth	Shaiju Mathew born in Anchal a small town in Kollam district was brought up in Pune.	Shaiju Mathew	Anchal
place of birth	Javier Pérez de Cuéllar was born on January 19, 1920, in the Peruvian city of Lima.	Javier Pérez de Cuéllar	Lima
place of birth	Erik Olof Mellberg (pronounced (ˈuːˈlɔf ˈmɛlːˈbærj); born 3 September 1977 in Amnehärad, Gullspång) is a Swedish former footballer and current manager of IF Brommapojkarna.	Olof Mellberg	Gullspång
place of birth	Filip Mihaljević (born 31 July 1994 in Livno, Bosnia and Herzegovina) is a Croatian discus thrower and shot putter.	Filip Mihaljević	Livno
place of birth	Stass Shpanin was born on May 16, 1990 in Baku -- capital of Azerbaijan, one of the Soviet Republics.	Stass Shpanin	Baku
place of birth	Édouard Carmignac (born 5 September 1947 in Paris) is a French investment banker and fund manager.	Édouard Carmignac	Paris
place of birth	Tsang Kam To (born 21 June 1989) is a Hong Kong footballer, who currently plays for Eastern, a club in the Hong Kong Premier League.	Tsang Kam To	Hong Kong
place of birth	Li Linfeng (Chinese: 李林峰; pinyin: Lǐ Línfēng; born 9 January 1988 in Haiyang, Shandong) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Qingdao Jonoon in the Chinese Super League.	Li Linfeng	Haiyang
place of birth	Mike van der Kooy (born 30 January 1989 in De Meern, Utrecht) is a Dutch professional footballer, who currently plays for Dutch fourth division club Door Ons Vrienden Opgericht.	Mike van der Kooy	De Meern
place of birth	Marshall Pinckney Wilder (sometimes spelled Marshal) was born along the north shore of Seneca Lake at Geneva, New York the son of Dr. Louis de Valois Wilder and the former Mary A. Bostwick.	Marshall Pinckney Wilder	Geneva
place of birth	Edoardo Bosio (1864-1927) was an Italian-Swiss footballing innovator from Turin.	Edoardo Bosio	Turin
place of birth	Born in New York City, Robin Kelley earned his Bachelor's degree from California State University, Long Beach, in 1983.	Robin Kelley	New York City
place of birth	Born in Seoul, South Korea in 1959, Jim Yong Kim immigrated with his family to the U.S. at the age of five and grew up in Muscatine, Iowa.	Jim Yong Kim	Seoul
place of birth	Donald G. Higman (September 20, 1928, Vancouver -- February 13, 2006) was an American mathematician known for his discovery, in collaboration with Charles C. Sims, of the Higman--	Donald G. Higman	Vancouver
place of birth	Pasquino Corso was native to Ota, a Corsican village belonging to the pieve of Sia, and not to Perugia, as it is written in some contemporary sources.	Pasquino Corso	Ota
place of birth	Johann Heinrich Zimmermann was born on 25 December 1741 in Wiesloch, a short distance south of Heidelberg in the Palatinate.	Heinrich Zimmermann	Wiesloch
place of birth	John S. Hall was born in Brooklyn, New York and grew up in Manhattan's West Village.	John S. Hall	Brooklyn
place of birth	Catherine Bernard was born in 1662 in Rouen to a Huguenot family of wealth and comfort.	Catherine Bernard	Rouen
place of birth	Henri-Auguste Lozé was born in Le Cateau-Cambrésis in the Nord department near the French border with Belgium.	Henri-Auguste Lozé	Le Cateau-Cambrésis
place of birth	Linda Mvusi (c. 1955 in Bloemfontein- ) is an actress and architect.	Linda Mvusi	Bloemfontein
place of birth	John DeStefano, Jr. (born May 11, 1955) is an American politician who served as the 49th mayor of New Haven, Connecticut from 1994 until 2014.	John DeStefano, Jr.	New Haven, Connecticut
place of birth	Lalo Ríos was born on February 7th, 1927 in San Miguelito (Sonora, Mexico).	Lalo Ríos	Sonora
place of birth	Edward Boardman (1833--1910) was a Norwich born architect.	Edward Boardman	Norwich
place of birth	Neymar da Silva Santos Júnior was born in Mogi das Cruzes, São Paulo, to Neymar Santos, Sr. and Nadine da Silva.	Neymar	São Paulo
place of birth	Jaclyn A. Smith is a Canadian actress from Toronto, Ontario.	Jaclyn A. Smith	Toronto
place of birth	Ryan Ellsworth (born 6 October 1975 in Kelowna, British Columbia) is a Canadian-born British actor.	Ryan Ellsworth	Kelowna
place of birth	Lisa Dwan (born 1977) is an Irish actress, from Coosan, Athlone, County Westmeath, Ireland.	Lisa Dwan	Coosan
place of birth	Born Lewis Douglas Gunn on August 31, 1841, in Wheelersburg, Ohio to Dr. Lewis Carstairs Gunn and Elizabeth LeBreton (Stickney) Gunn.	Douglas Gunn	Wheelersburg, Ohio
place of birth	Ernst Mahle (born January 3, 1929 in Stuttgart, Germany) is a Brazilian composer and orchestra conductor.	Ernst Mahle	Stuttgart
place of birth	Radosław Kałużny (Polish pronunciation: (raˈdɔswaf kaˈwuʐnɨ); born February 2, 1974 in Góra, Lower Silesian Voivodeship) is a retired Polish football player.	Radosław Kałużny	Góra
place of birth	Neil Canton is an American film producer from New York City best known for his work on the Back to the Future trilogy.	Neil Canton	New York City
place of birth	Ghenadie Moșneaga (born 25 April 1985, Chișinău, Moldavian SSR) is a Moldavian football Goalkeeper.	Ghenadie Moșneaga	Chișinău
place of birth	Nicola Asuni (born 4 January 1973, in Cagliari) is a former Italian sprinter.	Nicola Asuni	Cagliari
place of birth	Alexander Kutschera born 21 March 1968 in Freising is a former German footballer.	Alexander Kutschera	Freising
place of birth	Zaza Rusadze (Georgian: ზაზა რუსაძე; born 24 May 1977 in Tbilisi, Georgia) is a film-maker, who lives in Tbilisi and Berlin, Germany.	Zaza Rusadze	Tbilisi
place of birth	Pierre Hanon (born 29 December 1936 in Brussels) is a former footballer who played mainly for R.S.C. Anderlecht and the national team.	Pierre Hanon	Brussels
place of birth	O'Hurley was born in Kittery, Maine, the son of Jean, a housewife, and John O'Hurley, an ear, nose, and throat surgeon.	John O'Hurley	Kittery, Maine
place of birth	Alcaeus of Mytilene (/ælˈsiːəs/; Greek: Ἀλκαῖος, Alkaios; c. 620 -- 6th century BC), Greek lyric poet from Lesbos Island who is credited with inventing the Alcaic verse.	Alcaeus of Mytilene	Lesbos
place of birth	William Christopher Zeise was born 15 October 1789 in Slagelse, the son of an apothecary, Frederick Zeise (b. 1754, d. 1836), who was an old friend of physicist Hans Christian Ørsted's father.	William Christopher Zeise	Slagelse
place of birth	Lam Chi-chung (simplified Chinese: 林子聪; traditional Chinese: 林子聰; pinyin: Lín Zǐcōng; born 16 August 1976) is a Hong Kong actor.	Lam Chi-chung	Hong Kong
place of birth	Lehman was born under the name of Hayum Lehmann to a Jewish family, the son of Abraham Lehmann, a cattle merchant in the small Franconian town of Rimpar near Würzburg, Lehman emigrated to the United States in 1844, where he changed his name to Henry Lehman.	Henry Lehman	Rimpar
place of birth	João Abel Manta (born 1928 in Lisbon) is a Portuguese architect, painter, illustrator and cartoonist.	João Abel Manta	Lisbon
place of birth	Tommy Norden (born September 25, 1952, New York City) is a former American actor.	Tommy Norden	New York City
place of birth	William Biles was born in 1644 at Dorchester, Dorsetshire, England, the son of Alexander and Dorothy (Strong) Biles.	William Biles	Dorchester
place of birth	Maxime Alexandre (February 4, 1971 in Ronse, East Flanders, Belgium) is a Belgian cinematographer.	Maxime Alexandre	Ronse
place of birth	Sylvia Dethier (born 20 May 1965 in Acosse) is a retired Belgian athlete who specialised in the sprint hurdles.	Sylvia Dethier	Acosse
place of birth	Jonathan Eddy was born in Norton, Massachusetts in 1726 or 1727.	Jonathan Eddy	Norton
place of birth	Myron Shongwe (born May 6, 1981 in Soweto, Gauteng) is a South African football player who plays as a striker for MP Black Aces in the National First Division.	Myron Shongwe	Soweto
place of birth	John Hopkinson was born in Manchester, the eldest of 5 children.	John Hopkinson	Manchester
place of birth	Francisco Javier Obregón Espinoza (born 28 January 1958) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the PRD (Also working for the Labor Party. As of 2013 he served as Senator of the LX and LXI Legislatures of the Mexican Congress representing Baja California Sur. He also served as Deputy during the LIX Legislature.	Francisco Javier Obregón Espinoza	Baja California Sur
place of birth	Léon Abel Provancher (b. 10 March 1820, in the parish of Bécancour, Nicolet County, Quebec; d. at Cap-Rouge, Quebec, 23 March 1892) was a Canadian Catholic parish priest and naturalist.	Léon Abel Provancher	Bécancour
place of birth	Raffey Cassidy is from Worsley, near Manchester, England.	Raffey Cassidy	Manchester
place of birth	Korado Korlević (born on 19 September 1958 in Poreč) is a Croatian teacher.	Korado Korlević	Poreč
place of birth	Dick Giordano, an only child, was born in New York City on July 20, 1932, in the borough of Manhattan to Josephine and Graziano ``Jack'' Giordano.	Dick Giordano	New York City	Manhattan
place of birth	Balthasar Oomkens von Esens was the son of Hero Oomkens von Esens, Lord of Harlingerland and Armgard Countess of Oldenburg.	Balthasar Oomkens von Esens	Harlingerland
place of birth	Pieter Gerardus van Overstraten (19 February 1755, Bergen op Zoom -- 22 August 1801, Batavia) was Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies from 1796 until 1801.	Pieter Gerardus van Overstraten	Bergen op Zoom
place of birth	Raoul Dufy was born into a large family at Le Havre, in Normandy.	Raoul Dufy	Le Havre
place of birth	Ian Fleming was born on 28 May 1908, at 27 Green Street in the wealthy London district of Mayfair.	Ian Fleming	London
place of birth	Abu Qatada, who was born Omar Mahmoud Othman, has Jordanian nationality because he was born in Bethlehem in the West Bank in 1960, which at that time was occupied by Jordan.	Abu Qatada	Bethlehem
place of birth	Monty Tiwa (born in Jakarta 28 August 1976) is an Indonesian screenwriter, composer, film editor, film producer and film director.	Monty Tiwa	Jakarta
place of birth	Kimber James (born April 2, 1988 in Miami, Florida, United States) is a trans woman, and former pornographic actor and escort.	Kimber James	Miami
place of birth	Cheng Yuelei (Chinese: 程月磊; pinyin: Chéng Yuèlěi; born 28 October 1987 in Beijing) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou R&F in the Chinese Super League.	Cheng Yuelei	Beijing
place of birth	Antonio Viana Gomes, better known as Tony Tornado or Toni Tornado (Mirante do Paranapanema, May 26 of 1930), is a Brazilian actor and singer.	Tony Tornado	Mirante do Paranapanema
place of birth	Joseph Rosenstock (27 January 1895 in Kraków -- 17 October 1985 in New York) was a Polish Jewish conductor.	Joseph Rosenstock	Kraków
place of birth	Henrik Korpi (born Gothenburg) is a Swedish songwriter, record producer with Murlyn Music Group.	Henrik Korpi	Gothenburg
place of birth	Régine Cavagnoud was born in Thônes, Haute-Savoie, Cavagnoud's career was plagued by injuries.	Régine Cavagnoud	Thônes
place of birth	Lucian of Samosata (/ˈluːʃən, ˈluːsiən/; Ancient Greek: Λουκιανὸς ὁ Σαμοσατεύς, Latin: Lucianus Samosatensis; c. AD 125 -- after AD 180) was a rhetorician and satirist who wrote in the Greek language.	Lucian	Samosata
place of birth	Robert Markowitz (born February 7, 1935 in Irvington, New Jersey) is an American film director and television director.	Robert Markowitz	Irvington
place of birth	Andrzej Sośnierz (born May 8, 1951 in Głuchołazy) is a Polish politician and physician.	Andrzej Sośnierz	Głuchołazy
place of birth	Sharleen Stratton (born 9 October 1987 in Brisbane, Queensland) is an Australian diver who won gold medals at the 2006 and 2010 Commonwealth Games, and competed at the 2008 and 2012 Olympics.	Sharleen Stratton	Brisbane
place of birth	Peter Allen Golden (born in 1953, Newark, New Jersey) is an American author, historian, journalist, and blogger.	Peter Allen Golden	Newark
place of birth	Paul A Shaw is a physical geographer and a Fellow of The Royal Geographical Society He was born in Bath, Somerset, UK in 1947.	Paul A Shaw	Bath
place of birth	Cyril Svoboda (born November 25, 1956 in Prague) is a Czech politician, leader of the Christian and Democratic Union --	Cyril Svoboda	Prague
place of birth	Edward John Noble (1882 - 1958, aged 76) was an American broadcasting and candy industrialist originally from Gouverneur, New York.	Edward John Noble	Gouverneur, New York
place of birth	Pierre Michaux was born at Bar le Duc and worked as a blacksmith who furnished parts for the carriage trade in Paris during the 1850s and 1860s.	Pierre Michaux	Bar le Duc
place of birth	Nansun Shi ( Chinese: 施南生; born Shi Nan-Sun on 8 August 1951) is a Hong Kong film producer, presenter and a former Senior Advisor for Media Asia Group.	Nansun Shi	Hong Kong
place of birth	Hayko Cepkin (born 11 March 1978, Istanbul) is a Turkish musician of Armenian descent.	Hayko Cepkin	Istanbul
place of birth	Remon van Bochoven (born 27 April 1989 in Zoetermeer) is a footballer who plays as a striker.	Remon van Bochoven	Zoetermeer
place of birth	Vahe Tadevosyan (Armenian: Վահե Թադեւոսյան, born on 17 October 1983 in Yerevan, Soviet Union) is an Armenian football striker.	Vahe Tadevosyan	Yerevan
place of birth	Huguccio the canon lawyer has traditionally been identified with the grammarian Huguccio Pisanus (Hugh of Pisa; Italian Uguccione da Pisa).	Huguccio	Pisa
place of birth	Asamoah Gyan (pronounced (æsæˈmoʊˌɑː ˌdʒjɑːn), ə-sah-MOH-ah J-yahn, born 22 November 1985 in Accra) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Shanghai SIPG of the Chinese Super League and captains the Ghanaian national team.	Asamoah Gyan	Accra
place of birth	The Maharsha was born in Kraków, Poland.	Maharsha	Kraków
place of birth	Mohammed Jabbar Rubat Zerjawi (Arabic: محمد جبار رباط زرجاوي‎, born June 29, 1993 in Basra, Iraq) is an Iraqi footballer who plays as a right back for Al-Minaa in the Iraqi Premier League.	Mohammed Jabbar Rubat	Basra
place of birth	A chestnut gelding, Phar Lap was foaled on 4 October 1926 in Seadown near Timaru in the South Island of New Zealand.	Phar Lap	Seadown
place of birth	Monique de Wilt (born 31 March 1976 in 's-Hertogenbosch) is a former Dutch athlete, specializing in the pole vault.	Monique de Wilt	's-Hertogenbosch
place of birth	Marian Krzaklewski (Polish pronunciation: (ˈmarjan kʂaˈklɛfskʲi); born 23 August 1950 in Kolbuszowa) is a Polish politician.	Marian Krzaklewski	Kolbuszowa
place of birth	Yves Debay was born in Élisabethville, Belgian Congo (later Lubumbashi, Democratic Republic of the Congo).	Yves Debay	Lubumbashi
place of birth	Rathbone was born Philip St. John Basil Rathbone in Johannesburg, to British parents.	Basil Rathbone	Johannesburg
place of birth	Francisca Valenzuela (born March 17, 1987 in San Francisco, California) is an American-born Chilean singer, poet, and multi-instrumentalist.	Francisca Valenzuela	San Francisco
place of birth	Born Harold Wayne King in Savanna, Illinois, King was an impressive athlete in high school, and briefly played professional football with the Canton Bulldogs.	Wayne King	Savanna
place of birth	Hồng Nhung was born on March 15, 1970 in Hanoi, deserted by her mother before she was a year old.	Hồng Nhung	Hanoi
place of birth	Mathurin Henrio, alias Barrioz (b. Baud, 16 April 1929; d. Baud, 10 February 1944) was a young French resistant shot dead by German soldiers for refusing to answer questions on the whereabouts of maquisards.	Mathurin Henrio	Baud
place of birth	Charlotte Wolter (March 1, 1834 - June 14, 1897), Austrian actress, was born at Cologne, and began her artistic career at Budapest in 1857.	Charlotte Wolter	Cologne
place of birth	Richard A. Knaak (born 28 May 1961 in Chicago) is the author of Dragonlance novels, Dragonrealm, six novels for Blizzard Entertainment's Diablo series, and ten works in the Warcraft universe.	Richard A. Knaak	Chicago
place of birth	Gerald Speziale, commonly known as Jerry Speziale, is an American law enforcement officer and Director of the Paterson, New Jersey police department.	Jerry Speziale	Paterson
place of birth	Edward Channing was born in Dorchester, Massachusetts, the fifth child of Ellen Kilshaw Fuller (1820--56), a sister of Margaret Fuller, and William Ellery Channing (1818--1901), the poet and walking companion of Henry David Thoreau.	Edward Channing	Dorchester
place of birth	Friedrich Pinter (born February 22, 1978 in Villach, Kärnten) is an Austrian biathlete.	Friedrich Pinter	Villach
place of birth	Marvin Israel (July 3, 1924 -- May 7, 1984), was born in Syracuse, New York, the son of Bessie and Harry Israel.	Marvin Israel	Syracuse
place of birth	Edgaras Venckaitis (born 12 December 1985 in Tauragė) is a Lithuanian wrestler, who competes in the men's 66 kg Greco-Roman division.	Edgaras Venckaitis	Tauragė
place of birth	Alexander Eliot (April 28, 1919 -- April 23, 2015) was an American writer born in Cambridge, Massachusetts, best known for his works on spirituality and myth.	Alexander Eliot	Cambridge
place of birth	Michael Andrew Law (Chinese: 羅卓睿;born November 13, 1982 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong Contemporary Artist, painter, Hong Kong film producer.	Michael Andrew Law	Hong Kong
place of birth	Sergio Olguín is an Argentinean author, journalist and literary critic born on 29 January 1967 in Buenos Aires.	Sergio Olguín	Buenos Aires
place of birth	David Brookwell (born on February 6, 1961 in Morristown, New Jersey) is an American television and film producer, writer and director.	David Brookwell	Morristown
place of birth	Christopher Figg (born 24 May 1957) is a film producer from the town of Aylesbury in Buckinghamshire, England.	Christopher Figg	Aylesbury
place of birth	Valter Mainetti (Rome, 28 October 1947) is an Italian entrepreneur, CEO and majority shareholder of Sorgente Group.	Valter Mainetti	Rome
place of birth	Laurent Alvarez (born September 23, 1990 in Geneva) is a Swiss former competitive figure skater.	Laurent Alvarez	Geneva
place of birth	Sierra Boggess was born and raised in Denver, Colorado, with her two sisters, Summer and Allegra.	Sierra Boggess	Denver
place of birth	Jimmy Casper (born May 28, 1978 in Montdidier, Somme) is a French retired road bicycle racer, who competed as a professional between 1998 and 2012.	Jimmy Casper	Montdidier
place of birth	Gabriel Lippmann was born in Bonnevoie, Luxembourg (Luxembourgish: Bouneweg), on 16 August 1845.	Gabriel Lippmann	Bonnevoie
place of birth	Helio Alves (born São Paulo, 1966) is a jazz pianist and son of pianists.	Helio Alves	São Paulo
place of birth	Miguel Pedrorena was born in Madrid and later lived in Peru.	Miguel Pedrorena	Madrid
place of birth	Sian Brooke (born Sian Phillips in Lichfield in 1980) is a British actress, known for portraying Laura in All About George and Lori in Cape Wrath.	Sian Brooke	Lichfield
place of birth	Antonieta Mónica Xavier Yelpo (Montevideo, 16 December 1956) is a Uruguayan politician and medical doctor with a postgraduate degree in cardiology.	Mónica Xavier	Montevideo
place of birth	Jean-Baptiste Perrée (Saint-Valery-sur-Somme, 29 April 1761 -- Généreux, off La Valette, 17 February 1800) was a French Navy officer and Rear-admiral.	Jean-Baptiste Perrée	Saint-Valery-sur-Somme
place of birth	Carolyn Warmus was born in Troy, Michigan and grew up in Birmingham, Michigan, an affluent suburb of Detroit.	Carolyn Warmus	Troy
place of birth	Kris Massie (born 30 May 1980 in Sweden) is an Australian rules football coach and former player who played for Carlton and Adelaide in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Kris Massie	Sweden
place of birth	Barbara Lahr (* Sept. 25, 1957 in Kaiserslautern ) is a German singer, composer, bassist, guitarist, and producer best known for her collaboration with German Nu Jazz group De Phazz.	Barbara Lahr	Kaiserslautern
place of birth	Jonas Nay attended Johanneum zu Lübeck, a Gymnasium with a music specialism, where he also played in the school's Big-Band.	Jonas Nay	Lübeck
place of birth	Theodoros Toromanidis (born 6 May 1993, in Xanthi) is a Greek footballer.	Theodoros Toromanidis	Xanthi
place of birth	Anja Schneiderheinze-Stöckel (German pronunciation: ( anjaː ʃnaɪdɐhaɪntsə ʃtœkəl))(born 8 April 1978 in Erfurt) is a German bobsledder who has competed since 2001.	Anja Schneiderheinze-Stöckel	Erfurt
place of birth	Connie Dierking was born in Brooklyn, New York and grew up on Long Island, where he starred in basketball for Central High School in Valley Stream, New York.	Connie Dierking	Brooklyn
place of birth	Johannes Schettel (born 4 April 1959 in Olsberg, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a West German luger who competed in the late 1980s.	Johannes Schettel	Olsberg
place of birth	Aleksandr Perfilyev (1895, Chita, Transbaikal Oblast -- 1973) was a Russian journalist, poet and writer.	Aleksandr Perfilyev	Chita
place of birth	Ernest Dye (born July 15, 1971 in Greenwood, South Carolina) is a former offensive guard in the NFL.	Ernest Dye	Greenwood, South Carolina
place of birth	Montague Summers was the youngest of the seven children of Augustus William Summers, a rich banker and justice of the peace in Clifton, Bristol.	Montague Summers	Bristol
place of birth	Empress Sunjeong of the Korean Empire (19 September 1894 -- 3 February 1966) was the consort of Emperor Yunghui, the last emperor of the Joseon Dynasty and Korea.	Empress Sunjeong	Joseon
place of birth	James Dashow (born November 7, 1944, in Chicago, Illinois) is an American composer of electro-acoustic music, instrumental music and opera.	James Dashow	Chicago
place of birth	Herbert Sohler (25 July 1908, Attendorn, Westphalia - 22 June 1991) was a German U-boat commander of World War II.	Herbert Sohler	Attendorn
place of birth	Philip Breitmeyer (May 13, 1864 -- November 8, 1941) was a florist, one of the founders of Florists' Telegraph Delivery (now Florists' Transworld Delivery, or FTD), and the mayor of Detroit, Michigan.	Philip Breitmeyer	Detroit
place of birth	Samy Sorge (born 19 December 1977), commonly known as Samy Deluxe, Wickeda MC or Sam Semillia is a German rapper, and hip hop artist from Hamburg.	Samy Deluxe	Hamburg
place of birth	Pierre Charles Cior (1769 -- after 1838), a French painter of historical subjects, portraits, and miniatures, was born in Paris in 1769.	Pierre Charles Cior	Paris
place of birth	Isabelle Lucas was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, to a chef from Barbados who worked on the Canadian Pacific Railway.	Isabelle Lucas	Toronto
place of birth	Lilo Rasch-Naegele (born 12 December 1914, Stuttgart -- died 3 June 1978, Oberaichen) was a German painter, graphic artist, fashion designer and book illustrator.	Lilo Rasch-Naegele	Stuttgart
place of birth	Mark Ladwig was born in Fargo, North Dakota to Carol and John, both doctors, and grew up in Moorhead, Minnesota with two siblings, Todd and Erin.	Mark Ladwig	Fargo
place of birth	Jeconiah reigned three months and ten days, from December 9, 598 to March 15/16, 597 BC. He succeeded Jehoiakim as king of Judah(2Ki.24:6) in December 598, after raiders from surrounding lands invaded Jerusalem(2Ki.24:2) and killed his father.	Jeconiah	Jerusalem
place of birth	Simon Renard is generally known as Renard (Fox in English), and was from the town of Vesoul.	Simon Renard	Vesoul
place of birth	Megan Slankard (born June 6, Tracy, California) is an American musician and singer-songwriter.	Megan Slankard	Tracy
place of birth	Danilo Belić (Serbian Cyrillic: Данило Белић-Дача ;born November 10, 1980 in Vršac) is a Serbian football player whose last known club was FC Akzhayik.	Danilo Belić	Vršac
place of birth	Benito Lertxundi is a Basque singer-songwriter born in Orio, Gipuzkoa, Basque Country in 1942.	Benito Lertxundi	Orio
place of birth	Roy Contout (born 11 February 1985 in Cayenne) is a French Guianan football (soccer) striker, he currently plays for Mouscron-Péruwelz.	Roy Contout	Cayenne
place of birth	Petar Živković was born in Negotin, Principality of Serbia (present-day Bor District, Serbia) in 1879.	Petar Živković	Negotin
place of birth	Kai Brodersen (born 6 June 1958, Tübingen) is a contemporary ancient historian and classicist on the faculty of the University of Erfurt.	Kai Brodersen	Tübingen
place of birth	Carlo Pedini (born 19 June 1956 in Perugia) is an Italian classical composer.	Carlo Pedini	Perugia
place of birth	Veronica Atzei, better known by her stage name Bianca Atzei (Italian: (ˈbjaŋka atˈtsɛi); Sardinian: (a(t)ˈtsei); born Milan, March 8, 1987), is an Italian singer.	Bianca Atzei	Milan
place of birth	Diana Glauber (1650, Utrecht -- ca.1721, Hamburg), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Diana Glauber	Utrecht
place of birth	Samora Machel was born in the village of Madragoa (today's Chilembene), Gaza Province, Mozambique, to a family of farmers.	Samora Machel	Gaza Province
place of birth	Mohanlal Viswanathan Nair was born on 21 May 1960 in the Elanthoor village of Pathanamthitta district, Kerala, as the youngest child of Viswanathan Nair, a former bureaucrat and law secretary with the Kerala Government, and Santhakumari.	Mohanlal	Elanthoor
place of birth	Josep Lluís Pellicer i Fenyé (12 May 1842, Barcelona - 15 June 1901, Barcelona) was a Catalonian painter, illustrator and cartoonist.	Josep Lluís Pellicer	Barcelona
place of birth	Louis Marie Charles Hurault de Sorbée (born 17 April 1786, Reims) was a French soldier.	Louis Marie Charles Hurault de Sorbée	Reims
place of birth	Joe Darroch (born 1872 in Alexandria, Scotland) was a footballer who played in the Football League for Sheffield Wednesday, Bury and Blackburn Rovers.	Joe Darroch	Alexandria
place of birth	Peter Marginter (26 October 1934 in Vienna -- 10 February 2008 there) was an Austrian author, essayist and translator.	Peter Marginter	Vienna
place of birth	Ernst Middendorp (born October 28, 1958 in Freren) is a German football (soccer) manager who was until most recently the head coach of the South African Premier Soccer League club, Chippa United.	Ernst Middendorp	Freren
place of birth	Margaret Whiting was born in Detroit, but her family moved to Los Angeles in 1929, when she was five years old.	Margaret Whiting	Detroit
place of birth	Gerasimos Skiadaresis (Greek: Γεράσιμος Σκιαδαρέσης, b. 1960 in Patras) is a Greek actor.	Gerasimos Skiadaresis	Patras
place of birth	Born on 22 November 1972 in Poitiers, Cyril Pedrosa decided to become a drawing artist since his was an adolescent.	Cyril Pedrosa	Poitiers
place of birth	Emanuel Perrone (born 14 June 1983 in Río Cuarto, Córdoba) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Iraklis in the Greek Football League, as a Striker.	Emanuel Perrone	Río Cuarto
place of birth	Giovanni Volpato was born in Bassano del Grappa (then in the state of Venice).	Giovanni Volpato	Bassano del Grappa
place of birth	Benny Rubinstein is a former Israeli footballer who played in Maccabi Netanya and Hapoel Netanya, who now works in Real estate development.	Benny Rubinstein	Netanya
place of birth	Ibrahim Dakkak (born in Jerusalem in 1929, is a Palestinian civil engineer and activist.	Ibrahim Dakkak	Jerusalem
place of birth	Valentine Harris (Irish: Vailintín Ó hEarchaí, born 23 June 1884, Ringsend, Dublin, Republic of Ireland), commonly referred to as Val Harris, was an Irish footballer who played Gaelic football for Dublin and soccer for, among others Shelbourne, Everton and Ireland.	Val Harris	Ringsend
place of birth	Ahmed Aït Ouarab (born August 7, 1979 in Bourgoin-Jallieu, Isère) is a French-Algerian football player who is currently without a club.	Ahmed Aït Ouarab	Bourgoin-Jallieu
place of birth	Thomas Posey was born on the banks of the Potomac River on a farm adjacent to Mt Vernon in Fairfax County, Virginia on July 9, 1750.	Thomas Posey	Fairfax County
place of birth	Amy Brandon Thomas was born in London, the daughter of the playwright Brandon Thomas and his wife Marguerite, and was educated privately.	Amy Brandon Thomas	London
place of birth	Gregor Strasser was born on 31 May 1892 into the family of a Catholic judicial officer who lived in the Upper Bavarian market town of Geisenfeld.	Gregor Strasser	Geisenfeld
place of birth	Carl Einstein who was born to a German Jewish family on 26 April 1885, in the Rhineland town of Neuwied.	Carl Einstein	Neuwied
place of birth	Dimitris Papaioannou (Greek: Δημήτρης Παπαϊωάννου; born 21 June 1964) is a Greek experimental theater stage director, choreographer and visual artist who drew media attention and acclaim with his creative direction of the Opening Ceremony of the Athens 2004 Olympic Games.	Dimitris Papaioannou	Athens
place of birth	Luigi de' Rossi was born in Florence on August 6, 1474, the son of Leonetto de' Rossi and Maria de' Medici, a member of the House of Medici.	Luigi de' Rossi	Florence
place of birth	Tamas Menyhart is an actor from Belgium he was born in Budapest the capital city of Hungary.	Tamas Menyhart	Budapest
place of birth	Jules Bourgeois was initially associated with his father and brother in Rouen, as the Paris representative of the family weaving business(1881-1889) and he finally representing the spinning mills of H. Schwartz in Sainte Marie-aux-Mines from 1893.	Jules Bourgeois	Sainte Marie-aux-Mines
place of birth	Born in 1893, in Guthrie Center, Iowa, Coleman Griffith was the first of four children.	Coleman Griffith	Guthrie Center
place of birth	Ignacy Tłoczyński was born 14 July 1911, in Poznań, then part of the German Empire, and was considered a skilful young player practising at the local courts of the town.	Ignacy Tłoczyński	Poznań
place of birth	Mindia Khitarishvili (Georgian: მინდია ხითარიშვილიƒ˜; Russian: Миндия Хитаришвили‡; Batumi, born January 1, 1973) is a Georgian composer.	Mindia Khitarishvili	Batumi
place of birth	Connersville, Indiana, proclaimed June 4, 1968, as Robert Wise Day, while his birthplace, Winchester, Indiana, made a similar proclamation the following day.	Robert Wise	Winchester, Indiana
place of birth	Thiago Henrique Feltri or simply Thiago Feltri (born May 18, 1985 in Fernão), is a Brazilian footballer, who plays for Bragantino.	Thiago Feltri	Fernão
place of birth	Frank Asch (born August 6, 1946 in Somerville, New Jersey) is an American children's writer, best known for his Moonbear picture books.	Frank Asch	Somerville
place of birth	Toni Huttunen (born 12 January 1973 in Kuusankoski) is a Finnish retired footballer who last played for MyPa.	Toni Huttunen	Kuusankoski
place of birth	Francis Barrallier was the eldest son of Jean-Louis Barrallier, a French marine engineer and Royalist supporter who escaped to the United Kingdom in 1793 during the Siege of Toulon by the Republicans.	Francis Barrallier	Toulon
place of birth	Marina Geli i Fàbrega (b. in Sant Gregori. 12 September 1958) was the health minister of the Generalitat de Catalunya from 2003 to 2010.	Marina Geli	Sant Gregori
place of birth	Rex Smith (born September 19, 1955, Jacksonville, Florida) is an American actor and singer.	Rex Smith	Jacksonville
place of birth	Hunter von Leer (born in Terre Haute, Indiana; April 3, 1944) is an American actor who has appeared in films, television series, and television movies.	Hunter von Leer	Terre Haute
place of birth	Victor Oganov (born August 11, 1976 in Syktyvkar, Komi ASSR, Russian SFSR) is a Russian boxer of Russian and Armenian descent.	Victor Oganov	Syktyvkar
place of birth	Lucas Vidal was born and grew up in Madrid.	Lucas Vidal	Madrid
place of birth	Stefano Locatelli (born February 26, 1989 in Bergamo) is an Italian racing cyclist riding for Bardiani-CSF.	Stefano Locatelli	Bergamo
place of birth	John Swiderski (born May 15, 1975, in Cleveland, Ohio, U.S.) founded Mean Hamster Software in 1985 at the age of 10.	John Swiderski	Cleveland
place of birth	Irving Sandler (born July 22, 1925 in New York City) is an American art critic, art historian, and educator.	Irving Sandler	New York City
place of birth	Joan Haanappel (born November 13, 1940, The Hague) is a former Dutch figure skater and sports presenter for the NOS, AVRO, ZDF and Eurosport.	Joan Haanappel	The Hague
place of birth	Giovanni Piacentini (born 9 April 1968 in Modena) is an Italian former professional footballer.	Giovanni Piacentini	Modena
place of birth	Gerald Simpson (born 16 February 1967, Moss Side, Manchester, England), better known as A Guy Called Gerald, is a British musician, DJ and record producer.	A Guy Called Gerald	Moss Side
place of birth	Juan Ramón Rocha (born March 8, 1954 in Santo Tomé, Corrientes) is an Argentine former footballer, and coach.	Juan Ramón Rocha	Santo Tomé
place of birth	Kethy Õunpuu (born 4 December 1987) is an Estonian football player who plays for and captains both Naiste Meistriliiga club Flora Tallinn and the Estonia women's national football team.	Kethy Õunpuu	Tallinn
place of birth	Prince Hassan bin Talal (Arabic: الحسن بن طلال‎, born 20 March 1947 in Amman), is a member of the Jordanian royal family.	Prince Hassan bin Talal	Amman
place of birth	Gregory Dark (born Gregory Hippolyte Brown on July 12, 1957 in Los Angeles) is an American film director, film producer, music video director, and screenwriter.	Gregory Dark	Los Angeles
place of birth	Natasha Thomas (born September 27, 1986 in Roskilde) is a Danish pop singer-songwriter.	Natasha Thomas	Roskilde
place of birth	Thomas Tudor (3 July 1785--1885) was a Welsh artist and land agent based in Monmouth.	Thomas Tudor	Monmouth
place of birth	Pierre Antoine François Huber (born December 20, 1775 in Sankt Wendel; d. April 26, 1832 in Paris) was a brigadier general in the French army.	Pierre Antoine François Huber	Sankt Wendel
place of birth	Kresilas (Greek: Κρησίλας Krēsílas; c. 480 -- c. 410 BC) was a Greek sculptor in the Classical period (5th century BC), from Kydonia.	Kresilas	Kydonia
place of birth	Shaun Gore (born 21 September 1968 in West Ham, England) is an English former professional footballer and coach.	Shaun Gore	West Ham
place of birth	Balázs Bérczy (born 15 January 1966 in Pécs) is a former Hungarian football player who currently is the Managing Director of Pécsi Mecsek FC.	Balázs Bérczy	Pécs
place of birth	Daniel Woods (born August 1, 1989 in Richardson, Texas) is an American professional climber who specializes in bouldering.	Daniel Woods	Richardson
place of birth	Théophile Emmanuel Duverger was a French painter who was born in Bordeaux on 17 March 1821 and died at an uncertain date between 1886 and 1901.	Théophile Emmanuel Duverger	Bordeaux
place of birth	Gil Vainshtein (born 29 October 1984 in Ukraine) is a Canadian association football player who plays for the Italia Shooters of the Canadian Soccer League.	Gil Vainshtein	Ukraine
place of birth	Ali Boulebda (Arabic: علي بولبدة‎) (born August 21, 1980 in Souk Ahras) is an Algerian international footballer.	Ali Boulebda	Souk Ahras
place of birth	Lisa Willis grew up in Long Beach, CA and attended Narbonne High School in Harbor City, CA.	Lisa Willis	Long Beach
place of birth	Martin Putze (born 14 January 1985 in Apolda, Thuringia) is a German bobsledder who has competed since the early 2000s.	Martin Putze	Apolda
place of birth	Bella Emberg (born Sybil I. Dyke 16 September 1937 in Hove, Sussex, England, UK) is a British actress who appeared on The Benny Hill Show and The Russ Abbot Show, where she played Blunderwoman.	Bella Emberg	Hove
place of birth	Amalia Tătăran (born 15 July 1994, Satu Mare) is a Romanian épée fencer, team silver medallist at the 2013 European Fencing Championships and team gold medallist at the 2015 European Games.	Amalia Tătăran	Satu Mare
place of birth	Christina Metaxa (Χριστίνα Μεταξά), (born April 4, 1992) is a Cypriot singer-songwriter born in Limassol.	Christina Metaxa	Limassol
place of birth	According to stories in The Boy Biggles and Biggles Goes to School, James Bigglesworth was born in India in May 1899, the son of an administrator in the Indian Civil Service and his wife (née Lacey).	Biggles	India
place of birth	Lyle Adams (born December 19, 1986 in Kingston) is a Jamaican footballer, currently without a club.	Lyle Adams	Kingston
place of birth	In-Ah Lee was raised and educated in Hamburg, Germany, where she graduated from Law School in 1992.	In-Ah Lee	Hamburg
place of birth	Johnny Mince (born John Muenzberger) (July 8, 1912, Chicago Heights, Illinois -- 1997) was an American swing jazz clarinetist.	Johnny Mince	Chicago Heights
place of birth	Jason Ruta (born August 7, 1979 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian television personality and actor.	Jason Ruta	Winnipeg
place of birth	Maria Benedicta Chigbolu (born 27 July 1989) is an Italian sprinter, born in Rome from Nigerian father.	Maria Benedicta Chigbolu	Rome
place of birth	Calonymus of Alexandria (Greek: Καλώνυμος 'Αλεξανδρεύς) was a Byzantine naval commander, known for leading the fleet in the Vandalic War (533--534).	Calonymus	Alexandria
place of birth	Dan Savage was born in Chicago, Illinois, the son of Judith ``Judy'' (née Schneider), who worked at Loyola University, and William Savage, Sr. He has Irish and German ancestry.	Dan Savage	Chicago
place of birth	Urve Tiidus is born on 6 June 1954 in Rapla.	Urve Tiidus	Rapla
place of birth	Alireza Azizi (Persian: علیرضا عزیزی‎) born January 12, 1950 in Abadan is a retired Iranian footballer.	Alireza Azizi	Abadan
place of birth	Marko Barišić (born 3 March 1993) is a Croatian football defender, currently playing for Primorac 1929 in the Druga HNL on loan from Hajduk Split.	Marko Barišić	Split
place of birth	Dick Krzywicki (born Ryszard Lech Krzywicki on 2 February 1947 in Penley, Flintshire) is a Welsh former professional footballer and Wales international.	Dick Krzywicki	Penley
place of birth	Tim Willocks is a British physician and novelist (Born 27 October 1957) in Stalybridge, Cheshire, England.	Tim Willocks	Stalybridge
place of birth	Dervish Hima was born in Ohrid to a landowning family.	Dervish Hima	Ohrid
place of birth	Kamran Mirza was born in Kabul to Babur's wife Gulrukh Begum.	Kamran Mirza	Kabul
place of birth	Arthur Batanides (April 9, 1923 -- January 10, 2000) was an American film and television actor, originally from Tacoma, Washington.	Arthur Batanides	Tacoma
place of birth	Dominik Bochenek (born 14 May 1987 in Jasło) is Polish athlete specializing in the high hurdles.	Dominik Bochenek	Jasło
place of birth	Pierre Frondaie -- né Albert René Fraudet -- was born in 1884 in Paris to an upper-middle-class family.	Pierre Frondaie	Paris
place of birth	Rotem Kowner (born 11 July 1960 in Mikhmoret) is an Israeli historian and psychologist specializing in the history of modern Japan, and a full professor in the Department of Asian Studies at the University of Haifa.	Rotem Kowner	Mikhmoret
place of birth	Carolyn Parkhurst (born January 18, 1971, Manchester, New Hampshire) is an American author who has published three books.	Carolyn Parkhurst	Manchester
place of birth	Andrea Wulf (born 1972 in New Delhi, India) is a historian and writer, lives in Britain, and has written books, newspaper articles and book reviews.	Andrea Wulf	New Delhi
place of birth	Imre Csősz (born 31 May 1969, Debrecen) is a Hungarian judoka.	Imre Csősz	Debrecen
place of birth	Martin Huba (born 16 July 1943 in Bratislava) is a Slovak actor and director on stage and in film.	Martin Huba	Bratislava
place of birth	Mykhailo Bondarenko was born in a peasant family in a town of Elizavetgrad (Kirovohrad), central Ukraine.	Mykhailo Bondarenko	Kirovohrad
place of birth	John Jaha graduated from David Douglas High School in Portland, Oregon in 1984.	John Jaha	Portland
place of birth	Martin Schenkel was born in Basel and attended after the high school the drama school in Bern, thenafter he moved to Germany for an engagement at the State Theater, Karlsruhe.	Martin Schenkel	Basel
place of birth	Jamie Moralee (born 2 December 1971 in Wandsworth in south London) is an English former football player.	Jamie Moralee	London
place of birth	Dragan Antanasijević (Serbian Cyrillic: Дpaгaн Aнтaнacиjeвић; born July 19, 1987 in Belgrade) is a Serbian football player who currently plays for Partizani Tirana in the Serbian First League.	Dragan Antanasijević	Belgrade
place of birth	Patrick Galvin (15 August 1927 -- 10 May 2011) was an Irish poet, singer, playwright, and prose and screen writer born in Cork's inner city.	Patrick Galvin	Cork
place of birth	Wilfrid Zogbaum (1915, Newport, Rhode Island -- January 7, 1965) was an American painter and sculptor.	Wilfrid Zogbaum	Newport
place of birth	August Hermann Cremer (18 October 1834, Unna, Westphalia -- 4 October 1903) was a German Protestant theologian.	Hermann Cremer	Unna
place of birth	Glenn Chandler was born in Edinburgh in 1949, and educated at the Royal High School in the city.	Glenn Chandler	Edinburgh
place of birth	Jacques Deschenaux (born 9 December 1945 in Fribourg) is a Swiss journalist and television personality.	Jacques Deschenaux	Fribourg
place of birth	Brian O'Callaghan (born 24 February 1981 in Limerick, Ireland) is a professional footballer, who play for his home town club Limerick in the League of Ireland Premier Division.	Brian O'Callaghan	Limerick
place of birth	Lucien Rault (borm March 30, 1936 in Plouguenast) is a French long-distance runner.	Lucien Rault	Plouguenast
place of birth	Stanley Savige was born on 26 June 1890, in Morwell, Victoria, the eldest of eight children to Samuel Savige, a butcher, and his wife Ann Nora, née Walmsley.	Stanley Savige	Morwell
place of birth	Christos Karkamanis (Greek: Χρήστος Καρκαμάνης) (born 22 September 1969 in Thessaloniki) is a former Greek football player.	Christos Karkamanis	Thessaloniki
place of birth	Suzanne Pastor (born 16 November 1952, Chicago) is an artist of German-American descent based in Prague, Czech Republic.	Suzanne Pastor	Chicago
place of birth	Ulrika Babiaková (1976--2002) was a Slovak astronomer from Banská Štiavnica who discovered or co-discovered twelve asteroids.	Ulrika Babiaková	Banská Štiavnica
place of birth	Alfred Lazarus Fingleston (16 December 1920 -- 13 May 2012), better known as Les Leston, was a British racing driver, born in Bulwell, Nottinghamshire.	Les Leston	Bulwell
place of birth	Yves Michaud (born February 13, 1930, in Saint-Hyacinthe, Quebec) is a prominent Quebec public figure, a sovereigntist and pur et dur supporter of the Parti Québécois.	Yves Michaud	Saint-Hyacinthe
place of birth	Léonard-Bernard Motard (Honfleur, 27 July 1771 -- Honfleur, 26 May 1852) was a French naval officer and eventually contre-amiral.	Léonard-Bernard Motard	Honfleur
place of birth	Erika Kirsner (born 23 December 1975 in Hódmezővásárhely) is a former Hungarian international handball player who currently serves as the president of Váci NKSE.	Erika Kirsner	Hódmezővásárhely
place of birth	Heshmat Sanjari studied violin at the Tehran Conservatory of Music under Serge Khotsief and Conducting at the Vienna Music Academy as a pupil of Hans Swarowsky.	Heshmat Sanjari	Tehran
place of birth	Luther Strange was born in Birmingham, Alabama, and lived in Sylacauga until the age of six, when his family moved to Homewood.	Luther Strange	Birmingham
place of birth	Abeer Macintyre was born in Amman, Jordan in December 1964 to a Jordanian father and Irish mother.	Abeer Macintyre	Amman
place of birth	Daagh Dehlvi (Urdu: داغ دہلوی‎, Hindi: दाग़ देहलवी) born Nawab Mirza Khan (Urdu: نواب مرزا خان‎, Hindi: नवाब मिर्ज़ा ख़ान) (25 May 1831 -- 17 March 1905) was an outstanding poet famous for his Urdu ghazals and belonged to the old Delhi school of Urdu poetry.	Daagh Dehlvi	Delhi
place of birth	Barbara O'Neil was born in St. Louis, Missouri, the daughter of Barbara (née Blackman 1880-1963) and David O'Neil, a businessman and poet.	Barbara O'Neil	St. Louis
place of birth	Alexandre Étienne Choron (1837, Caen, Calvados -- 1924) was a French chef.	Alexandre Étienne Choron	Caen
place of birth	Johnny Reed McKinzie, Jr., (born March 31, 1985), better known by his stage name Jay Rock, is an American hip hop recording artist from Watts, Los Angeles, California.	Jay Rock	Watts, Los Angeles
place of birth	Gu Wenxiang (Chinese: 顾文祥; born 8 February 1991 in Kunming, Yunnan) is a Chinese footballer who plays for Jiangsu Sainty in the Chinese Super League.	Gu Wenxiang	Kunming
place of birth	Ashpan Annie (January 25, 1916 -- July 18, 2010) was the name given to Halifax Explosion survivor Anne M. Welsh (née Liggins).	Ashpan Annie	Halifax
place of birth	Ronja Mannov Olesen (born 5 July 1987 in Copenhagen) is a Danish actress who mainly acted in En mand kommer hjem, a Danish movie directed by Thomas Vinterberg (2007).	Ronja Mannov Olesen	Copenhagen
place of birth	Arnaldo Bonfanti (born March 18, 1978 in Monza) is a footballer who plays for Serie D club MapelloBonate.	Arnaldo Bonfanti	Monza
place of birth	Richard McFadden (1889 in Cambuslang, Lanarkshire -- 23 October 1916 in Flanders, France) was a Scottish footballer who was Clapton Orient's top scorer for four consecutive seasons between 1911--1915.	Richard McFadden	Cambuslang
place of birth	Yolanda Chen (Russian: Иоланда Чен; born July 26, 1961 in Moscow) is a retired Russian athlete.	Yolanda Chen	Moscow
place of birth	Dame Fanny Waterman, DBE (born 22 March 1920) is a piano teacher, and the founder, Chairman and Artistic Director of the Leeds International Pianoforte Competition.	Fanny Waterman	Leeds
place of birth	Đoàn Thanh Lam (Hanoi, 19 June 1969) is a famous Vietnamese singer.	Thanh Lam	Hanoi
place of birth	Mike Alfreds (born Michael Guy Alexander Alfreds in London on 5 June 1934) is an English theatre director, dramatist and playwright, who won a Critics' Circle Theatre Award and a British Theatre Managers Association award for Best Director.	Mike Alfreds	London
place of birth	William Findley was born in Ulster, Ireland and emigrated to Pennsylvania in 1763.	William Findley	Ireland
place of birth	Joseph Minion (born 1957 in Teaneck, New Jersey) is an American film director and screenwriter, best known for Martin Scorsese's After Hours (1985).	Joseph Minion	Teaneck
place of birth	Richard Trevithick was born at Tregajorran (in the parish of Illogan), between Camborne and Redruth, in the heart of one of the rich mineral mining areas of Cornwall.	Richard Trevithick	Camborne
place of birth	Ashok Kumar was born Kumudlal Ganguly in Bhagalpur, then in the Bengal Presidency and now lying in Bihar.	Ashok Kumar	Bhagalpur
place of birth	Wolfgang Hirschbach (19 January 1570, Gotha -- 13 September 1620, Wittenberg) was a German legal scholar.	Wolfgang Hirschbach	Gotha
place of birth	Lawrence Siphiwe Tshabalala (born 25 September 1984 in Soweto), is a South African professional football midfielder who plays for and captains Kaizer Chiefs in the Premier Soccer League.	Siphiwe Tshabalala	Soweto
place of birth	Gerhard Zadrobilek (born June 23, 1961 in Breitenfurt bei Wien) is an Austrian former professional road bicycling racer.	Gerhard Zadrobilek	Breitenfurt bei Wien
place of birth	Ahmad Itani (Arabic: احمد عيتاني‎) (born 1979 in Beirut, Lebanon) is a Lebanese association football player.	Ahmad Itani	Beirut
place of birth	Mike Buck (born June 17, 1952) is an Austin, Texas-based drummer and co-owner of Antone's Record Shop located in downtown Austin.	Mike Buck	Austin
place of birth	Marie-Claude Pietragalla (born February 2, 1963 in Paris) is a French dancer and choreographer.	Marie-Claude Pietragalla	Paris
place of birth	Ritchie Makuma Mpasa (born 6 May 1985 in Vitry-sur-Seine) is a French footballer currently playing for Amiens AC as a defender.	Ritchie Makuma Mpasa	Vitry-sur-Seine
place of birth	William Mastrosimone (born August 19, 1947) is an American playwright and screenwriter from Trenton, New Jersey.	William Mastrosimone	Trenton
place of birth	Dominic Cifarelli was a founding member and guitarist for the Montreal-based band Pulse Ultra and is the bassist for Scars on Broadway.	Dominic Cifarelli	Montreal
place of birth	Marshallsay was born at Yeovil, Somerset, England, the son of Charles Marshallsay and received his education at Godalming, Surrey.	Charles Marshallsay	Yeovil
place of birth	Sadegh Goudarzi (Persian: صادق گودرزى‎‎, born 22 September 1987 in Malayer) is an Iranian wrestler.	Sadegh Goudarzi	Malayer
place of birth	Attila Zsivoczky (born 29 April 1977 in Budapest) is a Hungarian track and field athlete, competing in decathlon.	Attila Zsivoczky	Budapest
place of birth	Susan Tolsky (born April 6, 1943 in Houston, Texas) is an American actress and voice actress, perhaps best known for her role as Biddie Cloom on the comedy Western series Here Come the Brides (1968--70) and Bernadette on Madame's Place (1982--83).	Susan Tolsky	Houston
place of birth	Anthony Gross was born in 1905, at Dulwich, London, the son of the Hungarian cartographer and founder of Geographia Ltd, Alexander Gross (1880--1958), and suffragette Isabelle Crowley (1886-1938).	Anthony Gross	Dulwich
place of birth	Jan Wyck was born on 29 October 1652, in Haarlem, then part of the Dutch Republic.	Jan Wyck	Haarlem
place of birth	Zachary DeVille (born 23 March 1993 in San Diego, California, United States) is a Guamanian international footballer who plays for the Cal State Northridge Matadors and the Guam national team.	Zachary DeVille	San Diego
place of birth	Yves Thuriès was born in the village of Lempaut in the department of Tarn.	Yves Thuriès	Lempaut
place of birth	Angelo Codevilla was born in Voghera, Italy, son of Angelo (a businessman) and Serena (Almangano) Codevilla.	Angelo Codevilla	Voghera
place of birth	The birthplace of Captain George Allen Gilreath, known as Old Gilreath, stretched across the Brushy Mountains of Wilkes County, North Carolina.	George Allen Gilreath	Wilkes County
place of birth	Frank O'Hara, the son of Russell Joseph O'Hara and Katherine (née Broderick) was born on March 27, 1926, at Maryland General Hospital, Baltimore, and grew up in Grafton, Massachusetts.	Frank O'Hara	Baltimore
place of birth	Born in Mount Sterling, Kentucky, Garrett Davis was the brother of Amos Davis.	Garrett Davis	Mount Sterling
place of birth	Milan Mešter (Cyrillic: Милан Мештер, born 23 October 1975 in Cetinje) is a Montenegrin football manager and former player.	Milan Mešter	Cetinje
place of birth	Yuval Shawat (Hebrew: יובל שאווט‎) is an Israeli footballer playing for Hapoel Afula.	Yuval Shawat	Afula
place of birth	İsmet İnönü was born in İzmir, Aidin Vilayet to Hacı Reşit (Turkish: (hadʒɯ reʃit)) and Cevriye (Turkish: (dʒevrije)) (later Cevriye Temelli), and was of Kurdish descent on his father's side and of Turkish descent through his mother.	İsmet İnönü	İzmir
place of birth	Karine Laurent Philippot (born October 29, 1974 in Mulhouse as Karine Philippot) is a French cross country skier and non-commissioned officer who has competed since 1994.	Karine Laurent Philippot	Mulhouse
place of birth	Maryna Poroshenko was born as Maryna Perevedentseva (Ukrainian: Марина Анатоліївна Переведенцева) in 1962 in Kiev, Ukraine.	Maryna Poroshenko	Kiev
place of birth	Born in Mamer, Josy Barthel's abilities as a middle-distance runner was discovered during World War II. His first fame came by winning the 800 m at the Military World Championships in Berlin in 1947.	Josy Barthel	Mamer
place of birth	Curt Leviant (born 1932, Vienna) is a retired Jewish Studies professor, as well as a novelist and translator.	Curt Leviant	Vienna
place of birth	Pablo Chiapella, also known as Chape and as a ``Vividor Follador'' grew up in Albacete (Castilla-La Mancha), 1976.	Pablo Chiapella	Albacete
place of birth	Charles Heywood was born on October 3, 1839 in Waterville, Maine, son of Charles Heywood, a Lieutenant in the U. S. Navy, who had distinguished himself in the defense of San José del Cabo during the Mexican American War.	Charles Heywood	Waterville
place of birth	Tõnis Mägi (born 18 November 1948 in Tallinn) is an Estonian singer, guitarist, composer and actor.	Tõnis Mägi	Tallinn
place of birth	Annette Humpe (born October 28, 1950 in Hagen, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German songwriter, pop singer and record producer.	Annette Humpe	Hagen
place of birth	Sire Raul, also known as Ralph of Milan (Milan, ca. 1100 - approx. 1200), was an Italian historian.	Sire Raul	Milan
place of birth	Russell Gewirtz (born 1967 in Great Neck, New York) is an American screenwriter, best known for writing the screenplay for Spike Lee's Inside Man.	Russell Gewirtz	Great Neck
place of birth	John Michael Cummings (born 1963 in Harpers Ferry, West Virginia) is an American novelist and short story writer.	John Michael Cummings	Harpers Ferry, West Virginia
place of birth	Harry van Hoof (born 16 March 1943 in Hilversum) is a Dutch conductor, composer and music arranger.	Harry van Hoof	Hilversum
place of birth	Václav Fresl (14 October 1868, in Pelhřimov, Kingdom of Bohemia -- 23 December 1915) was a Czech politician of the late-nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.	Václav Fresl	Pelhřimov
place of birth	Els Goulmy (born 27 November 1946, The Hague) is professor of transplantation biology, especially regarding minor histocompatibility antigen, at Leiden University.	Els Goulmy	The Hague
place of birth	Albert A. Boyajian (born June 4, 1940, Aleppo, Syria) is an American business leader and activist for Armenian causes.	Albert A. Boyajian	Aleppo
place of birth	Kevin Cogan (born in Culver City, California, March 31, 1956) is a former racecar driver who drove in Formula One from 1980 to 1981.	Kevin Cogan	Culver City
place of birth	Geno Segers (born in 1976 in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, USA) is an American actor known for his roles as Mason Makoola in the Disney XD television series Pair of Kings, Chayton Littlestone on Cinemax's Banshee, Kincaid on MTV's Teen Wolf and also as co-host of Fort Boyard:	Geno Segers	Winston-Salem
place of birth	The late Professor Djillali Liabes (Arabic,الجيلالي اليابس) was born in 1948 in Sidi Bel Abbès.	Djillali Liabes	Sidi Bel Abbès
place of birth	Carol Beckwith was born in Boston, Massachusetts, where she went on to attend both the School of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston and Goucher College in Maryland.	Carol Beckwith	Boston
place of birth	Born in New York City, Elsie Ferguson was the only child of Hiram and Amelia Ferguson, her father was a successful attorney.	Elsie Ferguson	New York City
place of birth	Winfield Scott was born to William Scott (1747--1789) and Anna Mason (1748--1803) on Laurel Branch, the family plantation in Dinwiddie County, Virginia, near Petersburg, Virginia, on June 13, 1786.	Winfield Scott	Dinwiddie County
place of birth	Saburo Aizawa (Japanese: 相沢 三郎 - Aizawa Saburō) (September 6, 1889 -- July 3, 1936) was a Japanese soldier born in Iwate Prefecture.	Saburo Aizawa	Iwate Prefecture
place of birth	Jamie Squires (born November 15, 1975 in Preston), is an English footballer currently playing for Bamber Bridge.	Jamie Squires	Preston
place of birth	Alex Waislitz (Melbourne 1958-) is an Australian businessman.	Alex Waislitz	Melbourne
place of birth	Hank Marvin was born Brian Robson Rankin in Newcastle upon Tyne, England.	Hank Marvin	Newcastle upon Tyne
place of birth	Fabien Grellier (born October 31, 1994 in Aizenay) is a French cyclist riding for Vendée U. He will ride for Direct Énergie in 2016.	Fabien Grellier	Aizenay
place of birth	Luka Elsner (born 2 August 1982 in Ljubljana) is a former Slovenian footballer who is currently a manager at Domžale.	Luka Elsner	Ljubljana
place of birth	Elmer Snowden was born in Baltimore to Gertude Snowden, and had a brother, James.	Elmer Snowden	Baltimore
place of birth	Arthur Simon (born 1930 in Eugene, Oregon) is founder and president emeritus of Bread for the World, a citizens' lobby on hunger, which he served for almost two decades.	Arthur Simon	Eugene
place of birth	Nino Da Silva (born May 26, 1979 in Santos, São Paulo) is a Brazil-born American former professional soccer player.	Nino Da Silva	Santos
place of birth	Henry Laufer, better known by his stage name Shlohmo, is an American electronic musician from Los Angeles, California.	Shlohmo	Los Angeles
place of birth	Leopold Figl Museum in Michelhausen in Tulln, Lower Austria Leopold Figl observatory on the Schöpfl (mountain in the northern Vienna Woods overlooking the Tullnerfeld, Figl's home region) Leopold Figl observatory on Tulbinger Kogel in Lower Austria (ditto) Leopold Figl court:	Leopold Figl	Michelhausen
place of birth	Daniel H. Wilson was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma, the elder of two children.	Daniel H. Wilson	Tulsa
place of birth	Charlotte Gordon Cumming (born in Scotland, 2 February 1958) is a contemporary singer-songwriter and music producer, daughter of a Scottish clan chief.	Charlotte Gordon Cumming	Scotland
place of birth	Alexei Bogaturov was born in 1954 in Nalchik and graduated from Moscow State University of International Relations (MGIMO) in 1976.	Alexei Bogaturov	Nalchik
place of birth	Ian Sharp (born 13 November 1946, Clitheroe, Lancashire) is an English film and television director.	Ian Sharp	Clitheroe
place of birth	Mirjana Karanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Мирјана Карановић) (born 28 January 1957, in Belgrade) is a Serbian actress known for many important roles in former Yugoslav films during the past quarter of a century.	Mirjana Karanović	Belgrade
place of birth	Erivelton Gomes Viana aka Erivelton (born April 2, 1978) is a Brazilian footballer, born in Carvalhos, Minas Gerais, who plays central back.	Erivelton Gomes Viana	Carvalhos, Minas Gerais
place of birth	Born in Telêmaco Borba, before becoming an actress, Dayenne Mesquita studied theater, classic ballet and jazz, and because of that, she won the role of the lead antagonist, Amanda Vasconcelos in 2007 Rede Bandeirantes' telenovela Dance Dance Dance.	Dayenne Mesquita	Telêmaco Borba
place of birth	Ervine Metzl was born in Chicago in 1899 to Ignatz and Bertha (Kohn) Metzl, Jewish immigrants from Bohemia.	Ervine Metzl	Chicago
place of birth	Alexander Ursenbacher (born 26 April 1996) is a Swiss former professional snooker player from Rheinfelden.	Alexander Ursenbacher	Rheinfelden
place of birth	Eugênio Rômulo Togni (born 9 September 1982 in São Leopoldo) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for the Italian side Maceratese.	Eugênio Rômulo Togni	São Leopoldo
place of birth	Richard Holcomb (born September 21, 1976) is a commercial sex worker specialist, street outreach worker and HIV prevention counselor in Providence, Rhode Island.	Richard Holcomb	Providence
place of birth	Morten Wormskjold was born in Copenhagen to a recently nobilitated family of civil servants in the Danish state administration.	Morten Wormskjold	Copenhagen
place of birth	On 4 December 1916 in Neeta Khandan in Bathinda (Punjab), Balwant Gargi was born in a house in the Neeta Mal street, near the 1800-year-old historical Gobind Fort, famous for being the spot where Razia Sultan was imprisoned.	Balwant Gargi	Bathinda
place of birth	Johnny Dowd (born March 29, 1948 in Fort Worth, Texas) is an American alternative country musician from Ithaca, New York.	Johnny Dowd	Fort Worth
place of birth	Édson Marcelo de Faria Manfron, Tamandaré or simply Marcelo de Faria (born February 8, 1979 in Curitiba), is a Brazilian striker.	Marcelo de Faria	Curitiba
place of birth	Justin Rovegno (born 17 July 1989) is a Gibraltarian footballer who plays for Gibraltar Premier Division side Manchester 62 and the Gibraltar national team.	Justin Rovegno	Gibraltar
place of birth	Christine Horne (born December 14, 1981 in Aurora, Ontario) is a Canadian actress who co-starred with Ellen Burstyn in the movie The Stone Angel.	Christine Horne	Aurora
place of birth	Julia O'Faolain (born 1932 in London) is an Irish novelist and short story writer.	Julia O'Faolain	London
place of birth	Namdeo Dhasal was born in 1949, in a small village Pur in Khed taluk near Pune, India.	Namdeo Dhasal	Pune
place of birth	Arthur Rosenberg was born into a German Jewish middle-class family in Berlin on 19 December 1889.	Arthur Rosenberg	Berlin
place of birth	Karl Ernst von Baer was born into a Baltic German noble family in the Piep estate, Kreis Jerwen, Governorate of Estonia (in present-day Lääne-Viru County, Estonia), as a knight by birthright.	Karl Ernst von Baer	Estonia
place of birth	Bryan Collier was raised in Pocomoke City near the southern border of Maryland Eastern Shore.	Bryan Collier	Pocomoke City
place of birth	Mas Mansoer was born on 25 June 1896 in Kampung Sawahan, north of Surabaya.	Mas Mansoer	Surabaya
place of birth	George Roussos was born in Washington, D.C., the son of Greek-Americans William and Helen Roussos.	George Roussos	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Jhulliam Bonfim Santos Pires or simply Jhulliam (born 4 April 1988, Vera Cruz, Bahia) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Al-Hilal Omdurman.	Jhulliam	Vera Cruz
place of birth	Thomas Schönlebe (born 6 August 1965 in Frauenstein, Erzgebirge, Saxony) is a former (East) German 400 metre runner who won the gold medal at the 1987 World Championships in Athletics in Rome.	Thomas Schönlebe	Frauenstein
place of birth	Jean-Paul Cottret (b. June 19 1963 in Gien) is a French rally navigator, best known for his success in the Dakar Rally alongside Stéphane Peterhansel.	Jean-Paul Cottret	Gien
place of birth	Max Sørensen (February 19, 1913 in Copenhagen - October 11, 1981 in Risskov) was a Danish diplomat and professor of international law.	Max Sørensen	Copenhagen
place of birth	Anton Schaller (born 1944 in Nottwil) is a Swiss journalist, news presenter and politician (LdU).	Anton Schaller	Nottwil
place of birth	Richard Whittle (born in England) was a footballer who played in The Football League for Preston North End.	Richard Whittle	England
place of birth	Gabriel Vallés (born 31 May 1986 in Godoy Cruz, Mendoza) is an Argentine footballer he is in free status for the moment.	Gabriel Vallés	Godoy Cruz
place of birth	Kent Stetson, C.M. (born July 5, 1948 in Marshfield, Prince Edward Island) is a Canadian playwright and novelist.	Kent Stetson	Prince Edward Island
place of birth	Jozef Gašpar (Hungarian: József Gáspár) (born 23 August 1977 in Rožňava) is a professional Slovak football player of Hungarian ethnicity.	Jozef Gašpar	Rožňava
place of birth	Kazimieras G. Prapuolenis, or Kaz (born 1959, Hoboken, New Jersey), is an American cartoonist and illustrator.	Kazimieras G. Prapuolenis	Hoboken
place of birth	Subrata Roy was born in Araria in Bihar, India 1948 to Sudhir Chandra Roy and Srimati Chhabi Roy.	Subrata Roy	Araria
place of birth	Andrea Palma (b. Trapani, 1644 or 1664 -- d. 1730) was an 18th-century Italian architect, working in the Baroque style.	Andrea Palma	Trapani
place of birth	Yusuf Yılmaz (born 30 January 1991 in Hanover, Germany) is a German footballer with Turkish descent who last played professionally in Germany for FSV Frankfurt II. He has previously played in Greece for Ethnikos Piraeus in 2009-2010.	Yusuf Yılmaz	Hanover
place of birth	Leopold Katzenstein (July 23, 1843) Rhina (today Haunetal), former Kreis Hünfeld, Hessen, Germany --	Leopold Katzenstein	Rhina
place of birth	Matt Reed (born November 8, 1975 in Palmerston North, New Zealand) is an American elite triathlete.	Matt Reed	Palmerston North
place of birth	Ignazio Arcoleo (born 15 February 1948 in Palermo) is an Italian footballer and manager.	Ignazio Arcoleo	Palermo
place of birth	Ilya Grubert (13 May 1954 in Riga) is a Latvian classical violinist.	Ilya Grubert	Riga
place of birth	John McCloskey was born in Brooklyn, New York, to Patrick and Elizabeth (née Hassan) McCloskey, who had immigrated to the United States from County Londonderry, Ireland, shortly after their marriage in 1808.	John McCloskey	Brooklyn
place of birth	Jhonatan da Silva Pereira or simply Jhonatan Pereira (born January 31, 1989 in Corumbá), is a Brazilian football striker who most recently plays for Tochigi SC in Japan.	Jhonatan da Silva Pereira	Corumbá
place of birth	Szymon Marcin Kossakowski (Lithuanian: Simonas Martynas Kosakovskis; 1741 in Šilai, Jonava -- 1794) was a Polish--	Szymon Marcin Kossakowski	Jonava
place of birth	Daniel Steibelt was born in Berlin, and studied music with Johann Kirnberger before being forced by his father to join the Prussian army.	Daniel Steibelt	Berlin
place of birth	İlhan Şeşen, (d. 18 Haziran 1948, Manisa) Turkish musician and artist.	İlhan Şeşen	Manisa
place of birth	Leong Ka Hang (Chinese: 梁嘉恆; pinyin: Liáng Jiākēng; born 22 November 1992 in Macau) is Macanese international footballer.	Leong Ka Hang	Macau
place of birth	Leonardo Cruz (born January 17, 1953 in Santiago de los Caballeros, Dominican Republic), better known in the world of boxing as Leo Cruz, was a world Jr. Featherweight champion from the Dominican Republic.	Leo Cruz	Santiago de los Caballeros
place of birth	An American of Irish extraction, Francis Brennan was born in Shenandoah, Pennsylvania, to James and Margaret (née Connors) Brennan.	Francis Brennan	Shenandoah
place of birth	Otobong Nkanga (born 1974 Kano, Nigéria) is a visual artist, and performance artist based in Paris and Antwerp.	Otobong Nkanga	Kano
place of birth	Karl Friedrich von Steinmetz (27 December 1796 -- 2 August 1877) was a German Generalfeldmarschall, born at Eisenach.	Karl Friedrich von Steinmetz	Eisenach
place of birth	Lazar Horowitz, or Eleazar HaLevi Ish Horowitz, Eleasar ben David Josua Hoeschel Horowitz, aka El'azar Hurwitz (1803/1804, Floß, Upper Palatinate - June 11, 1868, Vöslau) was an Orthodox Rabbi who led the Orthodox Jewish community of Vienna during the Vormärz period.	Lazar Horowitz	Floß
place of birth	Pamela May was born Doris May, in the city of San Fernando, Trinidad, on 30 May 1917.	Pamela May	San Fernando
place of birth	Mona-Liisa Nousiainen, née Malvalehto, (born July 20, 1983 in Rovaniemi) is a Finnish cross country skier who has competed since 2001.	Mona-Liisa Nousiainen	Rovaniemi
place of birth	Born in Ameca, Jalisco, José Salazar López studied at the seminary in Guadalajara and the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome before being ordained to the priesthood on May 26, 1934.	José Salazar López	Ameca, Jalisco
place of birth	Simenona Martinez is an American actress, singer-songwriter and director from Los Angeles, California.	Simenona Martinez	Los Angeles
place of birth	Jacques Daret (c. 1404 -- c. 1470) was an Early Netherlandish painter born in Tournai (Doornik; now in Belgium), where he would spend much of his life.	Jacques Daret	Tournai
place of birth	Felice Cappelletti (1656 -- 1738) was an Italian painter of the Late-Baroque, active in mainly in Verona.	Felice Cappelletti	Verona
place of birth	Gillian Akiko Thomson (born October 8, 1974 in Washington, D.C., USA) is a Filipina television host, journalist and retired swimmer.	Akiko Thomson	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Stephen Polk was born in Dayton, Ohio and grew up in Minnesota and later New York City.	Stephen Polk	Dayton
place of birth	Jason Eskenazi is an American photographer, born April 23, 1960 in Queens, New York and based in Brooklyn, New York.	Jason Eskenazi	Queens
place of birth	Judd Hambrick (born September 25, 1945, in Tulsa, Oklahoma) is an American Emmy-award winning former television newscaster and reporter.	Judd Hambrick	Tulsa
place of birth	David Behrman (born August 16, 1937 in Salzburg, AustriaInt) is an American composer and a pioneer of computer music.	David Behrman	Salzburg
place of birth	Finn Geipel (* November 23, 1958 in Stuttgart) is a German Architect and Urbanist.	Finn Geipel	Stuttgart
place of birth	Ebenezer Grant (1882 -- 1962) was a footballer who played five games in the Football League for Burslem Port Vale in 1906.	Ebenezer Grant	Burslem
place of birth	Jones was born enslaved in Charleston, South Carolina, and named after his father, Jehu Jones Sr., a tailor who bought his freedom (along with his wife and Jehu's mother Abigail) in 1798, and eventually became a successful real estate investor and innkeeper in Charleston.	Jehu Jones	Charleston
place of birth	Piotr Orzechowski (born 31 December 1990, Kraków), also known by his stage name Pianohooligan, is a Polish jazz pianist and composer.	Piotr Orzechowski	Kraków
place of birth	Dennis Condrey was born in Florence, Alabama, and started wrestling in 1973 in the Tennessee area, wrestling for promoter George Gulas.	Dennis Condrey	Florence
place of birth	Keith Ellison, the third of five sons, was born and raised Roman Catholic in Detroit, Michigan, by his parents Leonard Ellison, a social worker and a psychiatrist, and Clida (Martinez) Ellison.	Keith Ellison	Detroit
place of birth	Hugo Karl Anton Pernice (November 9, 1829 - December 31, 1901) was a German gynecologist and obstetrician born in Halle an der Saale.	Hugo Karl Anton Pernice	Halle
place of birth	Kurt Sommerlatt (born 25 December 1928 in Karlsruhe) is a German former footballer and manager who played for Karlsruher SC, Bayern Munich and FC La Chaux-de-Fonds.	Kurt Sommerlatt	Karlsruhe
place of birth	Ahmet Nihat Berker (born 20 September 1949 in Istanbul), is a Turkish theoretical physicist and emeritus professor of physics at MIT.	Nihat Berker	Istanbul
place of birth	Dr. Karen Kelsall (born December 11, 1962 in Nanaimo, British Columbia) is a chiropractor and a retired Canadian gymnast and dancer.	Karen Kelsall	Nanaimo
place of birth	Giuseppe Tarella (Turin, May 17, 1883 -- January 17, 1968) was an Italian athlete.	Giuseppe Tarella	Turin
place of birth	George Posford, né Benjamin George Ashwell (23 March 1906 in Folkestone -- 24 April 1976 in Worplesdon), was an English composer.	George Posford	Folkestone
place of birth	Kim Ojo (born 2 December 1988 in Warri) is a Nigerian striker who currently plays as a Centre Forward for the Belgian club OH Leuven.	Kim Ojo	Warri
place of birth	Thomas Addis Emmet was born in the Hammond's Marsh area of Cork City in 1764 to Dr. Robert Emmet from Tipperary (later to become State Physician of Ireland) and Elizabeth Mason of Kerry, both of whose portraits are today displayed at Cork's Crawford Art Gallery.	Thomas Addis Emmet	Cork
place of birth	Gábor Csalog (born in Budapest, 1960) is a Hungarian pianist.	Gábor Csalog	Budapest
place of birth	Lily Strickland was born in Anderson, South Carolina, of parents Charlton Hines Strickland and his wife Teresa Hammond Reed.	Lily Strickland	Anderson, South Carolina
place of birth	Carl Begai (born December 1, 1968 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian music journalist, and author.	Carl Begai	Toronto
place of birth	Kyle Polak (born February 6, 1984 in Huntington Beach, California) is a former American soccer, who is currently working as Goalkeeper coach by Cape Fear SC.	Kyle Polak	Huntington Beach
place of birth	Lucio Pedercini (born September 22, 1972 in Volta Mantovana) is an Italian motorcyclist who raced his first Grand Prix in 1992.	Lucio Pedercini	Volta Mantovana
place of birth	Edward Fender (born August 8, 1942 in Bielsko-Biała) was a Polish luger who competed during the mid-1960s.	Edward Fender	Bielsko-Biała
place of birth	John Baeder (born December 24, 1938 in South Bend, Indiana) is an American painter closely associated with the Photorealist movement.	John Baeder	South Bend
place of birth	Dilys Laye was born (as Dilys Lay) in Muswell Hill, London, the daughter of Edward Lay and his wife Margaret (née Hewitt) Her father was a musician who left the family when she was aged eight to work as a musician in South Africa and never came back.	Dilys Laye	Muswell Hill
place of birth	Janet Cox-Rearick (born 28 June 1930 in Bronxville, New York) is an American art historian, Distinguished Professor of Art History at the City University of New York.	Janet Cox-Rearick	Bronxville
place of birth	Kim Geybels (born 29 October 1981 in Herk-de-Stad) is a Belgian politician and a former member of the Belgian Senate for the N-VA and is a former Chairman of the youth wing of the N-VA.	Kim Geybels	Herk-de-Stad
place of birth	Gary Plumley (born 24 March 1956 in Birmingham) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League for Newport County, Hereford United and Cardiff City, and in the Hong Kong First Division League for Happy Valley.	Gary Plumley	Birmingham
place of birth	Daniel Brochu is a Canadian voice actor born in Montreal, well known for voicing Buster Baxter in the PBS TV series Arthur and its spin-off Postcards from Buster, as well as Danny Pickett in later seasons of What's with Andy?.	Daniel Brochu	Montreal
place of birth	Ralph Siegel (born 30 September 1945 in Munich) is a German record producer and songwriter.	Ralph Siegel	Munich
place of birth	Hansheinz Schneeberger (born in Bern on October 16, 1926) is a Swiss violinist.	Hansheinz Schneeberger	Bern
place of birth	Carmelita Geraghty (March 21, 1901, Rushville, Indiana -- July 7, 1966, Manhattan) was an American silent-film actress and painter.	Carmelita Geraghty	Rushville
place of birth	Tong Jian (Chinese: 佟健; pinyin: Tóng Jiàn; born August 15, 1979 in Harbin, Heilongjiang) is a Chinese pair skater.	Tong Jian	Harbin
place of birth	Raoul Hausmann was born in Vienna but moved to Berlin with his parents at the age of 14, in 1901.	Raoul Hausmann	Vienna
place of birth	Tom Frager (born 1 July 1977 in Dakar, Senegal) is a French songwriter and performer in the group Gwayav' and is ten times a surfer winner in Guadeloupe.	Tom Frager	Dakar
place of birth	Oscar Wegner was born and raised in Buenos Aires, Argentina, the son of Dalmira Ofelia Jimenez and Oscar Pablo Wegner, Chief Engineer of Argentinian government oil fields in Comodoro Rivadavia (YPF) and an initiator of Aero Club Comodoro Rivadavia.	Oscar Wegner	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Pauliina Miettinen (born 20 May 1972, in Kuopio) is a Finnish football (soccer) coach and former player.	Pauliina Miettinen	Kuopio
place of birth	Živko Budimir was born in Vir near Posušje in Herzegovina.	Živko Budimir	Vir
place of birth	Jon Lucien (January 8, 1942 -- August 18, 2007) was a vocalist and musician, born on the island of Tortola, the main island of the British Virgin Islands.	Jon Lucien	Tortola
place of birth	Originally from Del Rio, Texas, Patrice Fisher was raised in a military family.	Patrice Fisher	Del Rio
place of birth	Krzesimir Dębski (Polish pronunciation: (kʐɛˈɕimir ˈdɛmpski); born 26 October 1953 in Wałbrzych) is a Polish composer, conductor and jazz violinist.	Krzesimir Dębski	Wałbrzych
place of birth	Gábor Gerstenmájer born 13 September 1967 in Satu Mare) is a Romanian footballer of German swabian descent, who won the Romanian Golden Boot award in 1992 while playing for Dinamo.	Gábor Gerstenmájer	Satu Mare
place of birth	Matthäus Casimir von Collin (3 March 1779 -- 23 November 1824) was a leading poet in the Vienna of his time.	Matthäus Casimir von Collin	Vienna
place of birth	Sid McClellan (11 June 1925 in Bromley-by-Bow -- 2000) was a professional footballer who played for Chelmsford City, Tottenham Hotspur, Portsmouth and Leyton Orient.	Sid McClellan	Bromley-by-Bow
place of birth	Lilli Jahn was born as Lilli Schlüchterer, daughter of a wealthy tradesman who lived in Cologne as a liberal assimilated Jew.	Lilli Jahn	Cologne
place of birth	Michele di Lando was the first leader of the Ciompi Revolt in Florence that started in 1378.	Michele di Lando	Florence
place of birth	A portion of US Route 40 in front of Tecumseh High School near Springfield, Ohio, was named in Wayne Embry's honor.	Wayne Embry	Springfield
place of birth	Jovan Prokopljević (born December 30, 1940 in Zemun; nicknamed ``The Great'') is a Serbian architect, and award-winning cartoonist and caricaturist.	Jovan Prokopljević	Zemun
place of birth	Robin Previtali (born 5 June 1987 in Besançon) is a French footballer, who currently plays as a striker for Vesoul Haute-Saône.	Robin Previtali	Besançon
place of birth	T. J. Stiles (born on ? in Foley, Minnesota) is an award-winning American biographer who lives in Berkeley, California.	T. J. Stiles	Foley
place of birth	Abu Bakr Muhammad ibn Jafar Narshakhi (or Narshaki) (ca. 899--959), from the village of Narshak in the Bukhara oasis, can be considered the first historian in Central Asia.	Narshakhi	Bukhara
place of birth	Crowther was born Francis Bosley Crowther, Jr. in Lutherville, Maryland, the son of Eliza (Leisenring) and Francis Bosley Crowther.	Bosley Crowther	Maryland
place of birth	Erik Olin Wright (born 1947 in Berkeley, California) is an American analytical Marxist sociologist, specializing in social stratification, and in egalitarian alternative futures to capitalism.	Erik Olin Wright	Berkeley, California
place of birth	Otis Harris, Jr. (born June 30, 1982, in Edwards, Mississippi) is an American track & field athlete.	Otis Harris	Edwards, Mississippi
place of birth	Nicolas Todt (born 17 November 1977 in Le Chesnay, Yvelines) is the son of former Ferrari Formula One team principal and current FIA president Jean Todt, and manager of racecar drivers Felipe Massa, Pastor Maldonado, James Calado, Charles Leclerc and José María López.	Nicolas Todt	Le Chesnay
place of birth	Alberto Franchetti was born in Turin, a Jewish nobleman of independent means.	Alberto Franchetti	Turin
place of birth	Eduard Shifrin (born 1960) is an entrepreneur, born in Dnipropetrovsk (now Ukraine), resident in London.	Eduard Shifrin	Dnipropetrovsk
place of birth	Christin Wurth-Thomas (born Christin Wurth on July 11, 1980 in Bloomington, Illinois) is an American athlete who competes in middle distance track events.	Christin Wurth-Thomas	Bloomington
place of birth	Élie Cartan was born in the village of Dolomieu, Isère, the son of a blacksmith.	Élie Cartan	Dolomieu
place of birth	Pierre-Emmanuel Dalcin (born 15 February 1977 in Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne, Savoie) is a French Alpine skier.	Pierre-Emmanuel Dalcin	Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne
place of birth	Aniello Portio was an Italian engraver, who worked at Naples from 1690 to 1700.	Aniello Portio	Naples
place of birth	Alessandra Riegler (24 May 1961, Modena) is an Italian International Correspondence Chess Grandmaster.	Alessandra Riegler	Modena
place of birth	Harald Keres (15 November (O.S. 2 November) 1912, Pärnu -- 26 June 2010) was an Estonian physicist considered to be the father of the Estonian school of relativistic gravitation theory.	Harald Keres	Pärnu
place of birth	Nazeni Hovhannisyan (Armenian: Նազենի Հովհաննիսյան, born July 18, 1982) is an Armenian actress, TV anchor, lecturer at Yerevan State Institute of Theater and Cinema.	Nazeni Hovhannisyan	Yerevan
place of birth	Peter Rutley (born 19 May 1946 in Exeter, Devon) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League, as a right half.	Peter Rutley	Exeter
place of birth	Lindsay Pulsipher was born and grew up in Salt Lake City, Utah, with five siblings, and was inspired to be an actor by her mother, a theater actress.	Lindsay Pulsipher	Salt Lake City
place of birth	Franco Colomba (born 6 February 1955 in Grosseto) is an Italian football coach and former player, most recently in charge of Indian Super League club FC Pune City.	Franco Colomba	Grosseto
place of birth	George Perkins Merrill (May 31, 1854 Auburn, Maine -- August 15, 1929) was an American geologist, notable as the head curator from 1917 to 1929 of the Department of Geology, United States National Museum (now the National Museum of Natural History of the Smithsonian Institution).	George Perkins Merrill	Maine
place of birth	Shane Lennon is a Gaelic footballer from County Louth, Ireland.	Shane Lennon	County Louth
place of birth	Mike Metzger (born November 19, 1975 in Huntington Beach, California) is an American Freestyle Motocross (FMX) rider.	Mike Metzger	Huntington Beach
place of birth	Jens Deimel (born September 14, 1972 in Winterberg, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a former German nordic combined skier who competed from 1992 to 2002.	Jens Deimel	Winterberg
place of birth	Gad Horowitz (born 1936 in Jerusalem) is a Canadian political scientist.	Gad Horowitz	Jerusalem
place of birth	Born as Eugenia Gauntier Liggett in Kansas City, Missouri, to James Wesley Liggett and Ada J. Gauntier, she made her way to New York City where she began her career in live theater using the stage name ``Gene Gauntier,'' and first appeared in films between acting jobs with stock company tours.	Gene Gauntier	Kansas City
place of birth	Jean-Etienne Antoine N'Gossan (born 30 November 1990 in Abidjan) is an Ivorian footballer who is currently playing for Société Omnisports de l'Armée.	Antoine N'Gossan	Abidjan
place of birth	Joanna Trollope was born on 9 December 1943 in her grandfather's rectory in Minchinhampton, Gloucestershire, England, daughter of Rosemary Hodson and Arthur George Cecil Trollope.	Joanna Trollope	Minchinhampton
place of birth	Frank Whitten was born in Te Aroha and grew up in the Waikato Region in the 1940s and 50s.	Frank Whitten	Te Aroha
place of birth	Theodoric Borgognoni (1205 -- 1296/8), also known as Teodorico de'Borgognoni, and Theodoric of Lucca, was an Italian who became one of the most significant surgeons of the medieval period.	Theodoric Borgognoni	Lucca
place of birth	Philipp Johann Ferdinand Schur (February 18, 1799 -- May 27, 1878) was a German-Austrian pharmacist and botanist born in Königsberg.	Philipp Johann Ferdinand Schur	Königsberg
place of birth	Chester Holmes Aldrich (Providence, Rhode Island, 4 June 1871 -- Rome, 26 December 1940) was an American architect and director of the American Academy in Rome from 1935 until his death in 1940.	Chester Holmes Aldrich	Providence
place of birth	Ciro Henrique Alves Ferreira e Silva (born April 18, 1989 in Salgueiro), or simply Ciro, is a Brazilian football striker, who plays for Clube do Remo.	Ciro Henrique Alves Ferreira e Silva	Salgueiro
place of birth	Trinh T. Minh-ha (* 1952, Hanoi) is a Vietnamese filmmaker, writer, literary theorist, composer and professor.	Trinh T. Minh-ha	Hanoi
place of birth	Emma Pieczynska-Reichenbach (19 April 1854 -- 10 February 1927) was a Swiss abolitionist and feminist born in Paris, France.	Emma Pieczynska-Reichenbach	Paris
place of birth	Paulino Reale Chirina was born in Canicattini Bagni and was ordained a priest on December 5, 1948.	Paulino Reale Chirina	Canicattini Bagni
place of birth	Christopher Lynn Moore (born January 11, 1993), known by his stage name Lil Twist, is a rapper from Oak Cliff, Dallas, Texas.	Lil Twist	Dallas
place of birth	The Blessed Agostino Novello (1240 -- 19 May 1309), also known as Augustine of Tarano, originally Matteo Di Termini, was an Italian religious figure.	Agostino Novello	Tarano
place of birth	Aron Tager (born June 15, 1934 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American actor and artist.	Aron Tager	Brooklyn
place of birth	Dan Fogelman grew up in what he has called an ``endearingly dysfunctional'' Jewish family in River Vale, New Jersey.	Dan Fogelman	River Vale, New Jersey
place of birth	Salvatore Amirante (born 24 June 1984 in Genoa) is an Italian footballer who plays as a striker for Padova.	Salvatore Amirante	Genoa
place of birth	Lesley Lebkowicz is a Canberra based writer of poetry and prose.	Lesley Lebkowicz	Canberra
place of birth	Claude Ballot-Léna (August 4, 1936 -- November 9, 1999) was a French race driver born in Paris.	Claude Ballot-Léna	Paris
place of birth	Štěpán Tesařík (born July 6, 1978 in Prague) is a Czech athlete who specializes in the 400 metres hurdles.	Štěpán Tesařík	Prague
place of birth	Roberto Caracciolo of Lecce (c.1425 - 6 May 1495) was a Franciscan friar, one of the most famous Italian preachers of his time.	Roberto Caracciolo	Lecce
place of birth	Cheno Lyfe was born on November 3, 1980 as Rameses Echevarria in Brooklyn, New York, who moved to Miami, Florida as a youngster.	Cheno Lyfe	Brooklyn
place of birth	Enissa Amani (born 1980s in Iran) is a German comedian and moderator.	Enissa Amani	Iran
place of birth	A native of Dorohoi shtetl, in the historical region of Moldavia, Ion Călugăru spent his early years in relative cultural isolation among the local Jewish community.	Ion Călugăru	Dorohoi
place of birth	Guido Cappellini (born 7 September 1959 in Mariano Comense) is an Italian motorboat racer and the most successful driver of all time in the F1 Powerboat World Championship, with ten world titles.	Guido Cappellini	Mariano Comense
place of birth	Elliot M. Bour (born March 20, 1969 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American director, animator and occasional actor working in film, television and commercials.	Elliot M. Bour	Philadelphia
place of birth	During the Civil War in Afghanistan, Mullah Ezat (Mullah Izzat, Ezatullah) was a commander from Paghman, Afghanistan, for the forces of Ittihad-i Islami and Abdul Rasul Sayyaf and Jamiat-e Islami.	Mullah Ezat	Afghanistan
place of birth	Evanildo Borges Barbosa Júnior, known as Juninho (born January 11, 1990 in Salvador, Bahia), is a left back who plays for Série A club Figueirense.	Evanildo Borges Barbosa Júnior	Salvador
place of birth	Viktoria Milvidskaia Belinsky (born Milvidskaia, 20 April 1967 in Moscow, USSR) is a Russian former professional tennis player.	Viktoria Milvidskaia Belinsky	Moscow
place of birth	Emory Richard Johnson (22 March 1864 in Waupun, Wisconsin -- 1950) was a United States economist who specialized in transportation issues.	Emory Richard Johnson	Waupun
place of birth	Debbie Macomber (born October 22, 1948 in Yakima, Washington) is an American author of romance novels and contemporary women's fiction.	Debbie Macomber	Yakima
place of birth	Justin Currie was born in Glasgow, and established the band Del Amitri while still at school in the early 1980s, after putting up a sign in a music shop asking for other people who could play instruments to get in contact with him.	Justin Currie	Glasgow
place of birth	Nechama Leibowitz was born to an Orthodox Jewish family in Riga two years after her elder brother, the philosopher Yeshayahu Leibowitz.	Nechama Leibowitz	Riga
place of birth	Aoibhinn Ní Shúilleabháin was born in 1983 to parents Art and Máire, and is a native of Carnacon near Ballyglass, County Mayo.	Aoibhinn Ní Shúilleabháin	County Mayo
place of birth	Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman was born on 7 September 1836 at Kelvinside House in Glasgow as Henry Campbell, the second son and youngest of the six children born to Sir James Campbell of Stracathro (1790--1876) and his wife Janet Bannerman (1799--1873).	Henry Campbell-Bannerman	Glasgow
place of birth	Charles Ferguson Smith was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the son of Samuel Blair Smith, an army surgeon and a grandson of the celebrated Presbyterian minister Rev. John Blair Smith.	Charles Ferguson Smith	Philadelphia
place of birth	Gordy Gurson (born May 2, 1992, in Park Ridge, Illinois) is an American professional soccer player who currently plays for the Cedar Rapids Rampage of the Major Arena Soccer League.	Gordy Gurson	Park Ridge
place of birth	Jean-Louis de Boubers, born in Lille, was the son of Henri-Louis de Boubers de Corbeville, Captain in the Maillé Infantry Regiment and of Marie-Catherine Gavois.	Jean-Louis de Boubers	Lille
place of birth	Daniel Fohr, born at Heidelberg in 1801, first studied science, which he afterwards abandoned for the art of painting.	Daniel Fohr	Heidelberg
place of birth	Stan Kenton was born in Wichita, Kansas, and was raised first in Colorado, then in California.	Stan Kenton	Wichita
place of birth	Jess Glynne was born in Hampstead and raised in Muswell Hill, North London and is of Jewish origin.	Jess Glynne	London
place of birth	Cihan Özkara (born 14 July 1991 in Hamm) is a German-Turkish-Azerbaijani footballer who currently plays for 3.	Cihan Özkara	Hamm
place of birth	Charles Cameron Shute was the eldest son of Thomas Deane Shute of Fern Hill, Isle of Wight, and Bramshaw, Hampshire and his wife Charlotte née Cameron, daughter of General Neville Cameron of the East India Company army.	Charles Cameron Shute	Isle of Wight
place of birth	Kimveer Gill was a 25-year-old Indo-Canadian born in Lachine, Quebec, Canada.	Kimveer Gill	Lachine
place of birth	Heinrich Christian Funck (November 22, 1771 -- April 14, 1839) was a German pharmacist and bryologist born in Wunsiedel, Bavaria.	Heinrich Christian Funck	Wunsiedel
place of birth	Leo Scullion is a professional snooker referee from Glasgow, Scotland, who has been officiating on the main tour since 1999.	Leo Scullion	Glasgow
place of birth	Alfred Baldwin Sloane (28 August 1872 Baltimore -- 21 February 1925 Red Bank, New Jersey) was an American composer, considered the most prolific songwriter for Broadway musical comedies at the beginning of the 20th century.	Alfred Baldwin Sloane	Baltimore
place of birth	Angelique Gerber (born 16 April 1983) is a South African actress who was born, lives and works in Johannesburg although she stayed in Canada from 2001 to 2002 for the shooting of Disposable Life.	Angelique Gerber	Johannesburg
place of birth	Heinrich Harries (9 September 1762, Flensburg -- 28 September 1802) was a German Protestant pastor from the Duchy of Schleswig, then under Danish sovereignty.	Heinrich Harries	Flensburg
place of birth	David Fretwell (born 18 February 1952 in Normanton) is an English retired football player who played for Bradford City, Wigan Athletic and Northwich Victoria.	David Fretwell	Normanton
place of birth	Gil Shaham (Hebrew: גיל שחם) was born in Urbana, Illinois, while his parents, Israeli scientists, were on an academic fellowship at the University of Illinois.	Gil Shaham	Urbana
place of birth	Chris McKinney was born in Honolulu and grew up in nearby Kahalu'u.	Chris McKinney	Honolulu
place of birth	Pierre-François Percy, was born on October 28, 1754 in Montagney, (Franche-Comté, now in Haute-Saône).	Pierre-François Percy	Montagney
place of birth	Cortez Belle (born 27 August 1983 in Coventry, England) is an English footballer playing for Port Talbot Town.	Cortez Belle	Coventry
place of birth	Bennett Madison was born in 1981 in Washington, D.C., and grew up in Silver Spring, Maryland.	Bennett Madison	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Christian Samir Martínez Centeno (born 8 September 1990 in La Ceiba) is an Honduran football striker, currently playing for Motagua.	Christian Samir Martínez	La Ceiba
place of birth	Jevgenij Shuklin (born 23 November 1985 in Glazov, Russia) is a Russian-born Lithuanian sprint canoer who has competed since 2003.	Jevgenij Shuklin	Glazov
place of birth	Eliza Lee Cabot Follen (August 15, 1787 Boston - January 26, 1860 Brookline, Massachusetts) was an author and abolitionist.	Eliza Lee Cabot Follen	Boston
place of birth	Steven Moreira (born 13 August 1994 in Noisy-le-Grand) is a French footballer from Cape Verdean descent who plays as a right back for Rennes in the Ligue 1.	Steven Moreira	Noisy-le-Grand
place of birth	Imad Kotbi (Arabic: عماد قطبي‎) (born June 8, 1978 in Casablanca) is a Moroccan radio presenter and a disk jockey.	Imad Kotbi	Casablanca
place of birth	Kenza Tazi (born February 6, 1996 in Boston, United States) is a Moroccan alpine skier.	Kenza Tazi	Boston
place of birth	Samuel Warren Abbott (June 12, 1837 -- October 22, 1904) was an American surgeon with an interest in hygiene, born in Woburn, Massachusetts.	Samuel Warren Abbott	Woburn
place of birth	Kenneth Foster, Jr. (born October 22, 1976) is a prisoner formerly on death row in Texas, convicted under the law of parties.	Kenneth Foster	Texas
place of birth	Evan Strong was born in San Francisco, California, to Dr. Roger Edward Strong, of Glastonbury, Connecticut, and Lisa Anne Rees Strong, of Pasadena, California.	Evan Strong	San Francisco
place of birth	Phranc began her performing career in the late 1970s and early 1980s punk scene in Los Angeles.	Phranc	Los Angeles
place of birth	Tan Zheng was born in a little village called Nan Zhu 汉字 in Xiangxiang, Hunan province.	Tan Zheng	Hunan
place of birth	Celso Battaia (1 February 1920 -- 5 February 2007) was an Italian football who played for Inter Milan, AC Milan and Cremonese.	Celso Battaia	Milan
place of birth	Born in 1978 in Brighton, East Sussex, southeast England, Katie Price was the only child of Amy (née Charlier) and Ray Infield.	Katie Price	Brighton
place of birth	Carlos Manuel Oliveiros da Silva (born 9 March 1959 in São João da Madeira), known as Vermelhinho, is a retired Portuguese footballer who played as a left winger.	Vermelhinho	São João da Madeira
place of birth	Born in Sofia, Dimitar Vasev played in his career for Lokomotiv Sofia, Lokomotiv Plovdiv, Chinese Shanghai Shenhua and Chivas El Paso Patriots.	Dimitar Vasev	Sofia
place of birth	Gerald Jatzek (born 23 January 1956 in Vienna) is an Austrian author, composer and musician.	Gerald Jatzek	Vienna
place of birth	Rolamellah Nouar (born 27 June 1982 in Miramas) is a French-born Algerian football player who currently plays for French club Gap Hautes-Alpes FC in the Championnat de France amateur.	Rolamellah Nouar	Miramas
place of birth	Dawna Friesen (born in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian television journalist, currently the chief anchor and executive editor of Global National.	Dawna Friesen	Winnipeg
place of birth	In the late 18th century Johann Georg Kleine, Wilhelm Busch's maternal grandfather, settled in the small village of Wiedensahl.	Wilhelm Busch	Wiedensahl
place of birth	Stefan Hickl (born 11 April 1988 in Frankfurt am Main) is a German footballer.	Stefan Hickl	Frankfurt
place of birth	Heinrich Oidtmann started his career as a medical doctor in Linnich, Germany and later established a stained glass workshop.	Heinrich Oidtmann	Linnich
place of birth	Thomas Savery (c. 1650--1715) was an English inventor and engineer, born at Shilstone, a manor house near Modbury, Devon, England.	Thomas Savery	Modbury
place of birth	Sami Garam (born 31 October 1967 in Helsinki) is a Finnish cook and writer of Hungarian descent.	Sami Garam	Helsinki
place of birth	Fabrizio D'Aloia (Benevento, February 17, 1964) is an Italian engineer, founder of Microgame.	Fabrizio D'Aloia	Benevento
place of birth	Helgard Müller (* 1 June 1963, Bloemfontein) is a former South African rugby union player.	Helgard Müller	Bloemfontein
place of birth	Marie Fredriksson, who was born in Össjö, was the youngest of five children.	Marie Fredriksson	Össjö
place of birth	TaJuan Perry, better known as Big Noyd, is an American emcee from the Queensbridge projects in the New York City borough of Queens.	Big Noyd	New York City	Queens
place of birth	Michael Jecks (born 1960, Surrey) is a writer of historical mystery novels.	Michael Jecks	Surrey
place of birth	Born Richard Bakalyan on January 29, 1931 in Watertown, Massachusetts, he was the son of Armenian-born William Nishan Bakalyan and Canadian (from Nova Scotia) Elsie Florence (née Fancy) Bakalyan.	Richard Bakalyan	Watertown
place of birth	Visvanathan Rudrakumaran (Tamil: விசுவநாதன் ருத்ரகுமாரன்) is the Prime Minister of the Provisional Transnational Government of Tamil Eelam, which aims to create a separate Tamil homeland called Tamil Eelam in the island of Sri Lanka.	Visvanathan Rudrakumaran	Sri Lanka
place of birth	Jair Picerni (born October 20, 1944 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian football (soccer) manager and former footballer.	Jair Picerni	São Paulo
place of birth	Paul Frölich was born 7 August 1884 in Leipzig into a German working-class family.	Paul Frölich	Leipzig
place of birth	Emanuel Vahl (Hebrew: עמנואל ואל‎; born in 1938 in Odessa, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian-Israeli composer.	Emanuel Vahl	Odessa
place of birth	Ilesanmi Adesida (born 1949, Ifon, Ondo State, Nigeria) is a naturalized American physicist of Yoruba Nigerian descent.	Ilesanmi Adesida	Nigeria
place of birth	William Malcolm (January 23, 1745--September 1, 1791) was a New York City merchant and officer in the American Revolution.	William Malcolm	New York City
place of birth	Pater Sparrow (born Zoltán Verebes in 1978, in Budapest) is a Hungarian filmmaker and production designer.	Pater Sparrow	Budapest
place of birth	Dejan Meleg (Serbian Cyrillic: Дејан Мелег, born 1 October 1994 in Bački Jarak) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Vojvodina.	Dejan Meleg	Bački Jarak
place of birth	Pompeo Landulfo (after 1567--1627) was an Italian painter active mainly in Naples.	Pompeo Landulfo	Naples
place of birth	Vaniel Sirin (born 20 October 1989 in Delmas, Haiti) is a Haitian footballer who plays for club Sheikh Jamal Dhanmondi Club in Bangladesh League.	Vaniel Sirin	Delmas
place of birth	Nyo Mya was born Maung Thein Tin on 10 April 1914, to parents Tha Zan (a T.P.S. lawyer), and Daw Shwe Ent in Thawtapan village, a member of Amyint village group, Chaung-U Township, on .	Nyo Mya	Chaung-U Township
place of birth	Carolinda Witt (born March 29, 1955 in Nairobi) is an author, teacher, and expert on The Five Tibetans, a yoga methodology originally described by Peter Kelder in his book ``The Eye Of Revelation.''	Carolinda Witt	Nairobi
place of birth	Antin Nanotaake is an I-Kiribati footballer who plays as a Striker.	Antin Nanotaake	Kiribati
place of birth	Gena Showalter (born 1975 in Oklahoma) is an American author in the genres of contemporary romance, paranormal romance, and young adult.	Gena Showalter	Oklahoma
place of birth	Tommy Hill is a former British motorcycle road racer, born 9 February 1985 in Beckenham, Kent.	Tommy Hill	Beckenham
place of birth	Mateo Moreno (born May 23, 1978 in Independence, Missouri) is an American Actor and Filmmaker based out of New York City.	Mateo Moreno	Independence
place of birth	Julius August Christoph Zech (February 24, 1821 Stuttgart (Germany) − July 13, 1864 Berg) was a German astronomer and mathematician.	Julius August Christoph Zech	Stuttgart
place of birth	In 2005 Jasmine Rae left high school and decided to learn more about making music, enrolling at Northern Melbourne Institute of TAFE, where she studied and completed her Advanced Diploma in Music.	Jasmine Rae	Melbourne
place of birth	Greg Bear was also one of the five co-founders of the San Diego Comic-Con.	Greg Bear	San Diego
place of birth	Tom Jennings (born 1955 as Thomas Daniel Jennings in Boston, Massachusetts) is a Los Angeles-based artist and technician.	Tom Jennings	Boston
place of birth	Otto Schoetensack (German: (ˈʃoːtənzak); July 12, 1850 in Stendal -- December 23, 1912 in Ospidaletto) was a German industrialist and later professor of anthropology, born of financial means.	Otto Schoetensack	Stendal
place of birth	Alphons Boosten (20 January 1893, Maastricht -- 2 January 1951) was a Dutch architect, who mostly practiced in the province of Limburg.	Alphons Boosten	Maastricht
place of birth	Abie Nathan was born to a Jewish family in Abadan, Persia, on 29 April 1927 and spent his adolescent years in Bombay (now Mumbai), India.	Abie Nathan	Abadan
place of birth	Yağmur Sarıgül (Turkish pronunciation: (jaːˈmuɾ saɾɯˈɟyl); born 26 August 1979; Antalya) is a Turkish songwriter and the electric guitarist of the rock band maNga.	Yağmur Sarıgül	Antalya
place of birth	Henrik Rummel (born 26 September 1987 in Copenhagen) is a Danish born American rower.	Henrik Rummel	Copenhagen
place of birth	Åsa Linderborg was born in the city of Västerås, where she also grew up.	Åsa Linderborg	Västerås
place of birth	Otto Kahler (January 8, 1849 -- January 24, 1893) was an Austrian physician and pathologist born in Prague.	Otto Kahler	Prague
place of birth	Charles Dinnie (born 1887 in Arbroath, Angus, Scotland) was a professional footballer, who played for Dundee & Huddersfield Town.	Charles Dinnie	Arbroath
place of birth	Hafiz Hakim Syed Atiqul Qadir (1909--2000) was a noted Unani Physician from Tijara and Bhopal.	Hakim Syed Atiqul Qadir	Tijara
place of birth	Salamo Arouch was born in 1923, in Thessaloniki, Greece, one of two sons in a family that also included three daughters.	Salamo Arouch	Thessaloniki
place of birth	Marc Nerlove earned a B.A. with honors in mathematics in 1952 from the University of Chicago.	Marc Nerlove	Chicago
place of birth	Jussi Jalas was born as Armas Jussi Veikko Blomstedt in Jyväskylä in 1908.	Jussi Jalas	Jyväskylä
place of birth	Viorica Ursuleac was born the daughter of a Greek Orthodox archdeacon, in Chernivtsi, which is now in Ukraine.	Viorica Ursuleac	Chernivtsi
place of birth	Filippo Buondelmonti degli Scolari (1369 -- December 1426), known as Pippo Spano, was an Italian magnate, general, strategist and confidant of King Sigismund of Hungary, born in the Republic of Florence.	Pippo Spano	Florence
place of birth	Andreas Dittmer (born 16 April 1972 in Neustrelitz, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern) is a German sprint canoer.	Andreas Dittmer	Neustrelitz
place of birth	Arie van Os (born 1937 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch businessman and financial director.	Arie van Os	Amsterdam
place of birth	Elisa Rigaudo (born 17 June 1980) is an Italian race walker from Cuneo.	Elisa Rigaudo	Cuneo
place of birth	Cintio Vitier was born to Medardo and María Cristina Bolaños Vitier on September 25, 1921, in Key West, Florida, United States, but had Cuban nationality.	Cintio Vitier	Key West
place of birth	Ursula von Rydingsvard born in Deensen, Lower Saxony, then Nazi Germany, is a sculptor who has been working in Brooklyn, New York for the past 30 years.	Ursula von Rydingsvard	Deensen
place of birth	Born in Paulista, Pernambuco, Brazil, Rivaldo had a poor upbringing in the favelas of the port town of Recife.	Rivaldo	Paulista
place of birth	Carl Hancock Rux (born March 24, in Harlem, New York City) is an award winning playwright, poet, novelist, essayist, performer, theater director and recording artist.	Carl Hancock Rux	New York City
place of birth	Liz Masakayan (born December 31, 1964 in Quezon City, Philippines) is a championship athlete in both outdoor and indoor volleyball.	Liz Masakayan	Quezon City
place of birth	Sina Schielke (born 19 May 1981 in Herdecke) is a former German sprinter, often praised for her looks as well as her sprinting ability.	Sina Schielke	Herdecke
place of birth	Born in Chicago, Ralph Martin Goldberg was eight years old when his family moved to Brooklyn, and started using the name Ralph G. Martin at an early age.	Ralph G. Martin	Chicago
place of birth	Mary Elsie Moore was born October 22, 1889 in Brooklyn, New York, the youngest child of Charles Arthur Moore, a shipping broker and hardware manufacturer from Connecticut, who went on to become the president of Manning, Maxwell and Moore, a large industrial concern.	Mary Elsie Moore	Brooklyn
place of birth	Born in Cape Town, Clive Wake studied at Cape Town University and the Sorbonne.	Clive Wake	Cape Town
place of birth	Estíbaliz Uranga (* 9 December 1952 in Bilbao, Spain) is a Spanish singer, best known as a member of the folk group Mocedades, as part of the duo Sergio y Estíbaliz and nowadays as a member of the group El Consorcio.	Estíbaliz Uranga	Bilbao
place of birth	Abdelkrim Merry, nicknamed ``Krimau'', (born 13 January 1955 in Casablanca) is a Moroccan former professional football (soccer) player.	Abdelkrim Merry	Casablanca
place of birth	Walter Serner was born Walter Eduard Seligmann in Carlsbad (Karlovy Vary), Bohemia (then Austria-Hungary, now Czech Republic).	Walter Serner	Karlovy Vary
place of birth	Piotr Osiecki (born 22 December 1961, in Sochaczew) is Polish politician and retired rugby player.	Piotr Osiecki	Sochaczew
place of birth	Manuel Teixeira Gomes was born in Vila Nova de Portimão, son of José Líbano Gomes (from Mortágua), and wife Maria da Glória Teixeira, born in Lagoa, Ferragudo.	Manuel Teixeira Gomes	Portimão
place of birth	Ed Dixon (born September 2, 1948 in Oklahoma) is an American character actor, playwright and composer.	Ed Dixon	Oklahoma
place of birth	Joan Didion was born and raised in Sacramento, California, to parents Frank Reese and Eduene (née Jerrett) Didion.	Joan Didion	Sacramento
place of birth	Shay Keogh (born 6 September 1934 in Dublin) is a former Irish football player who played as a centre half.	Shay Keogh	Dublin
place of birth	Jean-Baptiste Donnet, was born on 28 September 1923 in Pontgibaud (Puy-de-Dôme) and died on 30 November 2014 in Sentheim (Haut-Rhin).	Jean-Baptiste Donnet	Pontgibaud
place of birth	Rudolf Kippenhahn (born 24 May 1926, in Pernink, Czechoslovakia) is a German astrophysicist and science author.	Rudolf Kippenhahn	Pernink
place of birth	He was born at Plymouth, the fourth of fourteen children born to Samuel Prout Senior, a naval outfitter in the dockyard city, and Mary Cater.	Samuel Prout	Plymouth
place of birth	Brad Templeton (born near Toronto on April 20, 1960) is a software architect, civil rights advocate, and entrepreneur.	Brad Templeton	Toronto
place of birth	Régis Simon (born 19 March 1958, in Troyes) is a French former professional road bicycle racer.	Régis Simon	Troyes
place of birth	Tchello (born Eduardo Simão Lopes; January 2, 1975 in Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais) is the former bassist and co-founding member of the Brazilian rock band Detonautas Roque Clube.	Tchello	Belo Horizonte
place of birth	Bernardino I da Polenta (died November 14, 1359) was lord of Ravenna and Cervia from 1346 until his death.	Bernardino I da Polenta	Ravenna
place of birth	Arístides Chavier Arévalo (1867--1942) was a Puerto Rican pianist, modernism composer, musicologist and music author from Ponce, Puerto Rico.	Arístides Chavier Arévalo	Ponce
place of birth	Lynn Schusterman was born to a secular, German-Jewish family on January 21, 1939 at Menorah Hospital in Kansas City, Missouri.	Lynn Schusterman	Kansas City
place of birth	J Boog (born Jerry Afemata, Long Beach, California) is an American reggae and R&B vocalist and songwriter.	J Boog	Long Beach
place of birth	Francesco del Cossa (c. 1430 -- c. 1477) was an Italian Renaissance painter of the School of Ferrara.	Francesco del Cossa	Ferrara
place of birth	On February 4, 2012 a Paul Baloff Memorial Reunion Concert was held at the Oakland Metro Opera House.	Paul Baloff	Oakland
place of birth	Tommi Pikkarainen (born 6 December 1969, in Kokkola) is a Finnish football manager and former player, currently managing VPS in Finnish Veikkausliiga.	Tommi Pikkarainen	Kokkola
place of birth	Son of Greek Army general and political figure Neokosmos Grigoriadis, Solon Grigoriadis was born in Kastoria in February 1912.	Solon Grigoriadis	Kastoria
place of birth	André Vos attended Selborne College in East London, South Africa and the University of Port Elizabeth.	André Vos	East London
place of birth	Haris Čizmić (born in Sarajevo) is a Bosnian American artist, musician, video producer and graphic, industrial and web designer.	Haris Čizmić	Sarajevo
place of birth	Edina Altara (1898--1983) was an Italian illustrator, decorator and fashion designer from Sassari.	Edina Altara	Sassari
place of birth	Junior Dala (born 29 December 1989 in Lusaka, Zambia) is a South African cricketer who plays for The Unlimited Titans in South African domestic cricket.	Junior Dala	Lusaka
place of birth	Richard Davenport-Hines (born 21 June 1953 in London) is a British historian and literary biographer, best known for his biography of the poet W. H. Auden.	Richard Davenport-Hines	London
place of birth	Dušan Kožíšek (pronounced (ˈduʃan ˈkoʒiːʃɛk); born April 25, 1983 in Jilemnice) is a Czech cross country skier who has been competing since 2002.	Dušan Kožíšek	Jilemnice
place of birth	Philip Martin Brown (born 9 July 1956) is an English actor, born in Manchester, Lancashire.	Philip Martin Brown	Manchester
place of birth	Gabriele Günz, née Niebling (born 8 September 1961 in Eisenach) is a retired East German high jumper.	Gabriele Günz	Eisenach
place of birth	Fedor Ozep or Fyodor Otsep (Russian: Фёдор Александрович Оцеп, Fyodor Aleksandrovich Otsep; February 9, 1895 -- June 20, 1949) was a Russian-American film director and screenwriter, born in Moscow.	Fedor Ozep	Moscow
place of birth	Ty Barnett was born, raised and attended high school on the south side of Chicago.	Ty Barnett	Chicago
place of birth	August Kluckhohn (6 July 1832 -- 19 May 1893) was a German historian, born at Bavenhausen in Lippe.	August Kluckhohn	Bavenhausen
place of birth	Francisco de Borja Garção Stockler, 1st Baron of Vila da Praia, (25 September 1759, in Lisbon -- 6 March 1829) was a lieutenant general and the 8th Captain General of the Azores, politician, and mathematician.	Francisco de Borja Garção Stockler	Lisbon
place of birth	Leila Meflah (born 9 June 1982 Clamart (Hauts-de-Seine)) is an Algerian international footballer.	Leila Meflah	Clamart
place of birth	Christophe Le Mével (born 11 September 1980 in Lannion) is a French former road racing cyclist who rides for UCI Professional Continental Team Cofidis.	Christophe Le Mével	Lannion
place of birth	Snowy Evans was working in Hughenden, Queensland as a shearer, when he joined the Australian Imperial Force on 5 November 1914.	Snowy Evans	Hughenden
place of birth	Olaf Thon (born 1 May 1966 in Gelsenkirchen) is a German retired footballer, and a current coach.	Olaf Thon	Gelsenkirchen
place of birth	Tom Munnelly was born in Rathmines in Dublin, and went to Clogher Road Technical College.	Tom Munnelly	Rathmines
place of birth	Kazuyuki Sogabe (曽我部 和恭 (formerly 曽我部 和行) Sogabe Kazuyuki, April 16, 1948 -- September 17, 2006) was a Japanese voice actor, actor and musician from Chiba Prefecture.	Kazuyuki Sogabe	Chiba Prefecture
place of birth	Giovanni Gaddoni (born September 20, 1914 in Russi, Province of Ravenna) was an Italian professional football player.	Giovanni Gaddoni	Russi
place of birth	Patricia J. Lancaster served as Commissioner of the New York City Department of Buildings from April 2002 to April 2008.	Patricia J. Lancaster	New York City
place of birth	Thomas Francis Meagher was born in what is now The Granville Hotel on the Quay in Waterford City, Ireland and from the age of two lived at Number 19, The Mall (a short distance from his birthplace).	Thomas Francis Meagher	Waterford
place of birth	Born in São Vicente, São Paulo State, Robinho signed his first professional contract with Santos FC in 2002 at the age of 18.	Robinho	São Vicente, São Paulo
place of birth	Born in Valencia, Carabobo, he performed professionally under the name Renny Ottolina.	Renny Ottolina	Valencia
place of birth	Sabine Günther (née Rieger; born 6 November 1963 in Jena) is a retired East German sprinter who competed mainly in the 200 metres.	Sabine Günther	Jena
place of birth	Misako Odani (小谷美紗子), born November 4, 1976, in Miyazu, Kyoto-fu, is a Japanese singer, songwriter, and pianist.	Misako Odani	Miyazu
place of birth	David Odikadze (born 14 April 1981 in Tbilisi) is a Georgian football player who currently plays as a Right Defender for Chikhura Sachkhere in the Georgian Umaglesi Liga.	David Odikadze	Tbilisi
place of birth	Ty Taylor (born January 5, 1969 in Montclair, New Jersey) is an American musician best known for being the lead singer of Los Angeles based Soul/Rock band, Vintage Trouble.	Ty Taylor	Montclair
place of birth	Vladimer Gegeshidze (Georgian: ვლადიმერ გეგეშიძე ; born February 10, 1985 in Tbilisi) is an amateur Georgian Greco-Roman wrestler, who competes in the men's light heavyweight category.	Vladimer Gegeshidze	Tbilisi
place of birth	Sergio Clerici (born 25 May 1941 in São Paulo) is a retired Brazilian footballer who played in Italy for Lecco, Bologna, Atalanta, Verona, Fiorentina, Napoli and Lazio.	Sergio Clerici	São Paulo
place of birth	Wu Yiming (simplified Chinese: 忤一鸣; traditional Chinese: 忤一鳴; pinyin: Wǔ Yīmíng; born February 11, 1987 in Changchun, Jilin) is a Chinese pair skater.	Wu Yiming	Changchun
place of birth	Jazsmin Lewis was born in the city of Cleveland, Ohio to a Caucasian mother and a father of African American and East Indian heritage.	Jazsmin Lewis	Cleveland
place of birth	Antonina Lazareva (Russian: Антонина Николаевна Лазарева, née Окорокова, Okorokova; born March 27, 1941 in Serpukhov) is a Soviet high jumper.	Antonina Lazareva	Serpukhov
place of birth	Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn Anthropology Centre Mahachakri Sirindhorn and Boromrajkumari Building, Faculty of Arts, Chulalongkorn University, Bangkok.	Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn Anthropology Centre	Bangkok
place of birth	Cristiano Bacci (born 6 July 1975 in Viareggio) is an Italian retired footballer and former manager of Derthona.	Cristiano Bacci	Viareggio
place of birth	Chris Hondros was born in New York City to immigrant Greek and German parents who were child refugees after World War II. He spent most of his childhood in Fayetteville, North Carolina, where he graduated from Terry Sanford High School in 1988.	Chris Hondros	New York City
place of birth	Marcin Rozynek (born May 16, 1971 in Żywiec) is a Polish rock vocalist, songs' author, and music producer.	Marcin Rozynek	Żywiec
place of birth	Marcello Fabbri is a contemporary Italian author and poet born in Florence, Italy, where he lives and writes.	Marcello Fabbri	Florence
place of birth	Jean-Baptiste Brulo (29 January 1746, Ghent -- ?) was a French ballet dancer, choreographer and ballet master, the son of the French dancers Jean-Baptiste Brulo and Marie-Thérèse Tabary.	Jean-Baptiste Brulo	Ghent
place of birth	Jon Gnagy, known to millions as America's television art teacher, was born at Varner's Forge, an outpost settlement near Pretty Prairie, Kansas in 1907.	Jon Gnagy	Pretty Prairie, Kansas
place of death	After the Expedition, Joseph Billings remained with the Imperial Russian Navy, before retiring in 1797 and settling in Moscow.	Joseph Billings	Moscow
place of death	Walter Lantz died at St. Joseph Medical Center in Burbank, California from heart failure on March 22, 1994, aged 94.	Walter Lantz	Burbank
place of death	Taddeo Barberini and his brothers were forced into exile and fled to Paris in 1646 where they were supported by Cardinal Jules Mazarin.	Taddeo Barberini	Paris
place of death	B. P. Schulberg died at his home in Key Biscayne, Florida in 1957.	B. P. Schulberg	Key Biscayne
place of death	Gustav Kadelburg (26 January 1851, Pest -- 11 September 1925, Berlin) was a Hungarian-German Jewish actor, dramatist, writer.	Gustav Kadelburg	Berlin
place of death	Frank Kirchbach (June 2, 1859 (London) - March 19 1912 (Schliersee)), was a German historical-, portrait-, genre- and landscape-painter; who also operated as a graphic designer and illustrator.	Frank Kirchbach	Schliersee
place of death	Roberto Escalada born Aldo Roberto Leggero (4 July 1914 -- 5 December 1986 in Buenos Aires) was a major Argentine film actor and cinema icon of the classic era.	Roberto Escalada	Buenos Aires
place of death	Timo Bortolotti (Darfo (Brescia), 1889 -- Milan, 1951) was an Italian sculptor.	Timo Bortolotti	Milan
place of death	Tommaso Mocenigo (1343--1423) was doge of Venice from 1414 until his death.	Tommaso Mocenigo	Venice
place of death	Dominic Cortina (January 28, 1925 -- November 19, 1999) was a Chicago mobster and high-ranking member of the Chicago Outfit criminal organization, who oversaw gambling.	Dominic Cortina	Chicago
place of death	Domenico Tibaldi (1541-1583) was an Italian painter and architect, active mainly in Bologna, in a Renaissance style.	Domenico Tibaldi	Bologna
place of death	Hans Haga hailed from Nannestad, but settled in Nes.	Hans Haga	Nes
place of death	Peter Madsen Peel (1820--1900) was a founder, first blacksmith, and civic leader of Mount Pleasant, Utah.	Peter Madsen Peel	Mount Pleasant
place of death	Abraham Zapruder (May 15, 1905 -- August 30, 1970) was an American clothing manufacturer who witnessed the assassination of President John F. Kennedy in Dallas, Texas on November 22, 1963.	Abraham Zapruder	Dallas
place of death	Karel Havlíček (October 31, 1907 in Berlin -- December 25, 1988 in Kadaň) was a Czech painter.	Karel Havlíček	Kadaň
place of death	Ivan Sarić (Serbian Cyrillic: Иван Сарић; Hungarian: Szárits János; 27 June 1876 -- 23 August 1966) was a Hungarian and Yugoslav sportsman, athlete, and wrestler, and co-founder of ŽAK Subotica.	Ivan Sarić	Subotica
place of death	Amos Abbott (September 10, 1786, Andover, Massachusetts -- November 2, 1868, Andover, Massachusetts) was a United States Congressman from Massachusetts.	Amos Abbott	Andover
place of death	Elfriede Brüning was born in Berlin, the daughter of a cabinetmaker and a seamstress who were involved in the workers' movement.	Elfriede Brüning	Berlin
place of death	Charles Alexander Stevenson (1855, Edinburgh -- 1950) was a Scottish lighthouse engineer who built twenty three lighthouses in and around Scotland.	Charles Alexander Stevenson	Edinburgh
place of death	Werner Fuchs (25 October 1948, in Kaiserslautern -- 11 May 1999, in Aachen) was a German football player and trainer.	Werner Fuchs	Aachen
place of death	Nabor Carrillo Flores (1911 in Mexico City - 1967) is the third son of Mexican composer Julián Carrillo Trujillo.	Nabor Carrillo Flores	Mexico City
place of death	Penelope Wallace (30 May 1923 -- 13 January 1997, Oxford) was an English crime writer and the daughter of Edgar Wallace.	Penelope Wallace	Oxford
place of death	William Thayer Tutt (March 2, 1912 in Coronado, California -- February 24, 1989 at El Paso) was an executive for several ice hockey leagues and organizations.	William Thayer Tutt	El Paso
place of death	Heinrich Schnitger (10 May 1925 in Lemgo - 27 August 1964 in Upper Bavaria) was a German physician.	Heinrich Schnitger	Upper Bavaria
place of death	Nils Fredrik Gösta Hillberg, (28 July 1877 in Finland -- 30 March 1958 in Stockholm) was a Swedish actor.	Gösta Hillberg	Stockholm
place of death	The Premio Lydia Tesio race at the Capannelle Racecourse in Rome is named for his wife and the Premio Federico Tesio for him at San Siro Racecourse in Milan and also the registered Group 3 Australian race Tesio Stakes in Melbourne.	Federico Tesio	Milan
place of death	George Laidlaw retired to his estate at St. Mary's on Balsam Lake in 1881, one station from the northern terminus of the Toronto and Nipissing Railway at Coboconk.	George Laidlaw	Coboconk
place of death	Lovrenc Košir, also Laurenz Koschier (29 July 1804 in Spodnja Luša, Carniola, Austria-Hungary (now Slovenia) -- 7 August 1879 in Vienna) was an Austrian civil servant who worked in Ljubljana.	Lovrenc Košir	Vienna
place of death	After Epaticcus died about 35 A.D., the Atrebates, under Verica, regained some of their territory, but it appears Caratacus completed the conquest, as Dio tells us Verica was ousted, fled to Rome and appealed to the emperor Claudius for help.	Caratacus	Rome
place of death	Carl-Alexander von Volborth (February 21, 1919, Berlin - February 25, 2009, Antwerp) was a German-born American heraldic artist and heraldist.	Carl-Alexander von Volborth	Antwerp
place of death	Jean Guillaume Barthélemy Thomières (18 August 1771 -- 22 July 1812) was killed in action at Salamanca while commanding an Imperial French infantry division.	Jean Guillaume Barthélemy Thomières	Salamanca
place of death	Giottino (fl. 1324 -- 1369), also known as Tommaso Fiorentino, was an early Italian painter from Florence.	Giottino	Florence
place of death	Johann or Johannes Bach (26 November 1604, Erfurt -- buried 13 May 1673, Erfurt) was a German composer and musician of the Baroque.	Johannes Bach	Erfurt
place of death	Gyula Jungfer (9 January 1841 in Pest -- 21 November 1908 in Budapest) was a Hungarian artist working with wrought iron.	Gyula Jungfer	Budapest
place of death	Ho Meng Hua, also He Meng Hua and Hoh Mung Wa (Chinese: 何夢華) (1 January 1923 - 19 May 2009) was a Chinese film director from Shanghai, working in the Cinema of Hong Kong and the Cinema of Taiwan.	Ho Meng Hua	Hong Kong
place of death	Jerome Liebling (April 16, 1924 Manhattan, New York -- July 27, 2011 Northampton, Massachusetts) was an American photographer, filmmaker, and teacher.	Jerome Liebling	Northampton
place of death	Hendrik van Borssum Buisman (1873, Wieringen -- 1951, Haarlem), was a 20th-century painter from the Northern Netherlands who became the keeper of the art cabinet at Teylers Museum in 1913.	Hendrik van Borssum Buisman	Haarlem
place of death	Mary Dyer, born Marie Barrett (c. 1611 -- 1 June 1660), was an English and colonial American Puritan turned Quaker who was hanged in Boston, Massachusetts Bay Colony, for repeatedly defying a Puritan law banning Quakers from the colony.	Mary Dyer	Boston
place of death	Antonio Cardarelli trained at the Collegio Medico di San Aniello of the University of Naples, graduating with a doctorate in 1853.	Antonio Cardarelli	Naples
place of death	François Joseph Eugène Napoléon de Noailles (born 25 December 1866 Paris - 8 May 1900 Paris) 10th prince de Poix, was a French nobleman.	François Joseph Eugène Napoléon de Noailles	Paris
place of death	Charles Marie Raymond d'Arenberg (Enghien, 1 April 1721 -- Enghien, 17 August 1778) was the fifth Duke of Arenberg, 11th Duke of Aarschot and an Austrian Field Marshal.	Charles Marie Raymond d'Arenberg	Enghien
place of death	She made her name by playing around the United States at the Blue Angel nightclub (New York City), the hungry i (San Francisco), and Tin Angel (San Francisco), where she and Larry Mohr recorded Odetta and Larry in 1954, for Fantasy Records.	Odetta	New York City
place of death	Philippe-Auguste Hennequin (Lyon, 10 August 1762 -- Leuze-en-Hainaut, near Tournai, 12 May 1833) was a French history painter and portraitist.	Philippe-Auguste Hennequin	Leuze-en-Hainaut
place of death	Cecilia Lavelli (2 June 1906 in Turin -- 14 July 1998 in Turin) was an Italian painter and an art model.	Cecilia Lavelli	Turin
place of death	Nikita Gennadievich Tyagunov (Ники́та Генна́дьевич Тягуно́в, born 7 February 1953 in Moscow, died 20 July 1992 in Moscow) was a Soviet Russian film and theatrical director, whose film Noga (1991) won numerous awards, including FIPRESCI Award.	Nikita Gennadievich Tyagunov	Moscow
place of death	Gregory Palamas (Γρηγόριος Παλαμάς) (1296--1359) was a monk of Mount Athos in Greece and later the Archbishop of Thessaloniki known as a preeminent theologian of Hesychasm.	Gregory Palamas	Thessaloniki
place of death	Arthur Cusack (born 1919, Maryborough, Queensland; died 2000, Brisbane) was an Australian Olympic swimming coach in the 1950s and 1960s.	Arthur Cusack	Brisbane
place of death	Bernard Koenen (born Hamburg 17 February 1889: died Berlin 30 April 1964) was a German politician.	Bernard Koenen	Berlin
place of death	Eduardo Frei Montalva was born in Santiago on January 16, 1911, the son of Eduard Frei Schlinz, a Swiss-born ethnic German from Austria, and Victoria Montalva Martínez.	Eduardo Frei Montalva	Santiago
place of death	Christian Ide Hintze (December 26, 1953, Vienna - February 2012) ) was an Austrian poet and performance artist, who focused on the transition from literary to cross-media forms.	Christian Ide Hintze	Vienna
place of death	Karl Dilthey (18 March 1839, Biebrich -- 4 March 1907, Göttingen) was a German classical scholar and archaeologist.	Karl Dilthey	Göttingen
place of death	Lino Grava (born March 5, 1927 in Vittorio Veneto; died January 18, 2010 in Città Sant'Angelo) was an Italian professional football player.	Lino Grava	Città Sant'Angelo
place of death	Charles-Alexis-Adrien Duhérissier de Gerville (Gerville-la-Forêt (Manche) 19 September 1769 -- Valognes (Manche) 26 July 1853) was a scholarly French antiquarian, historian, naturalist and archaeologist from an aristocratic family of Normandy.	Charles-Alexis-Adrien Duhérissier de Gerville	Valognes
place of death	Wacław Borowski (born in 1885 in Łódź, died in 1954 in Łódź) was a Polish painter and decorative artist.	Wacław Borowski	Łódź
place of death	Phil Urso (2 October 1925, Jersey City, New Jersey -- 7 April 2008, Denver, Colorado) was an American jazz tenor saxophonist and composer, perhaps best known for a long association with Chet Baker.	Phil Urso	Denver
place of death	Nazario Carlo Bellandi (Rome, February 24, 1919 -- Rome, April 20, 2010) was an Italian music composer, organist, pianist, harpsichordist.	Nazario Carlo Bellandi	Rome
place of death	Ilario Spolverini (1657 in Parma -- 1734 in Piacenza), known as Spolverini, was an Italian painter.	Ilario Spolverini	Piacenza
place of death	Later records of Arachidamia date three decades later, with her assisting in the revolutionary designs of her grandson Agis IV, as he attempted to restore Lycurgan institutions to a Sparta then thoroughly corrupted by wealth and greed.	Arachidamia	Sparta
place of death	Miron Białoszewski (Polish pronunciation: (ˈmirɔn bjawɔˈʂɛfskʲi); June 30, 1922 -- June 17, 1983), born in Warsaw, Poland, was a Polish poet, novelist, playwright and actor.	Miron Białoszewski	Warsaw
place of death	Fray Nicolás de Ovando y Cáceres (Brozas, Extremadura, 1460 -- Madrid, 29 May 1511) was a Spanish soldier from a noble family and a Knight of the Order of Alcántara.	Nicolás de Ovando y Cáceres	Madrid
place of death	Rihards Zariņš (also Richards Zarriņš or Richard Sarrinsch in German; June 27, 1869 in Kocēni -- April 21, 1939 in Riga) was a prominent Latvian graphic artist.	Rihards Zariņš	Riga
place of death	Jules Haime (28 March 1824, Tours -- 28 September 1856, Paris) was a French geologist, paleontologist and zoologist known for his research of coral.	Jules Haime	Paris
place of death	Bruno Kessler (17 February 1924, Peio - 19 March 1991, Trento) was an Italian politician, President of the Autonomous Province of Trento from 1960 to 1973.	Bruno Kessler	Trento
place of death	Berek Lajcher (October 24, 1893 -- August 2, 1943) was a Jewish physician and social activist from Wyszków before the Holocaust in Poland, remembered for his leadership in the prisoner uprising at Treblinka extermination camp.	Berek Lajcher	Treblinka extermination camp
place of death	Carl Dahlén (1770 -- December 1, 1851) was a Swedish ballet dancer and choreographer, active first at the Royal Swedish Ballet at the Royal Swedish Opera in Stockholm, and second at the Royal Danish Ballet in Copenhagen at the Royal Danish Theatre in Denmark.	Carl Dahlén	Copenhagen
place of death	Louis-Léon Cugnot (Paris 1835--1894) was a French sculptor.	Louis-Léon Cugnot	Paris
place of death	Rolf Wickstrøm (9 December 1912 in Oslo, Norway -- 10 September 1941) was a Norwegian labour activist and a victim of the German occupation of Norway during World War II. Wickstrøm grew up in a working-class family.	Rolf Wickstrøm	Oslo
place of death	Vasily Seseman (several other latinizations of his name exist, Lithuanian: Vosylius Sezemanas, Russian: Василий Эмильевич Сеземан) (June 11, 1884, Vyborg -- March 23, 1963, Vilnius) was a Russian and Lithuanian philosopher, a representative of Marburg school of Neo-Kantianism.	Vasily Seseman	Vilnius
place of death	Tzazo had not been involved in the earlier Battle of Ad Decimum because Godas, instigated by the Byzantine Emperor Justinian the Great, had declared the Vandal province on the island of Sardinia independent from Carthage.	Tzazo	Sardinia
place of death	Francisco de Paula del Villar y Lozano, (Murcia, 1828--Barcelona, 1901) was a Spanish architect.	Francisco de Paula del Villar y Lozano	Barcelona
place of death	Sonya Olschanezky or Sonia Olschanesky (25 December 1923, Chemnitz, Saxony, Germany -- 6 July 1944, Natzweiler-Struthof, Germany) was a member of the French Resistance and SOE during World War II.	Sonya Olschanezky	Natzweiler-Struthof
place of death	Rinaldo Cavalchini (1291--1362) lived in Villafranca di Verona near Verona and was better known as Rinaldo from Villafranca.	Rinaldo Cavalchini	Verona
place of death	John Vertin (first name also Ivan or Janez) was a Slovene-American who became the third Bishop of Saulte Saint Marie and Marquette, Michigan, now simply the Diocese of Marquette.	John Vertin	Marquette
place of death	Eugène Lavieille (November 29, 1820, Paris -- January 8, 1889, Paris) was a French painter.	Eugène Lavieille	Paris
place of death	Maximilien de Hénin-Liétard, Count of Boussu (1542 -- Antwerp, 21 December 1578) was a soldier and statesman from the Habsburg Netherlands.	Maximilien de Hénin-Liétard	Antwerp
place of death	Jackson died in Guildford in 1991 of cancer and the following year the Daphne Jackson Trust was launched to advance Jackson's idea of helping qualified women return to work.	Daphne Jackson	Guildford
place of death	Marie Say was born on August 25, 1857 in Verrières-le-Buisson near Paris.	Marie Say	Paris
place of death	Juddha Shumsher Jang Bahadur Rana (Nepali: जुद्धसम्शेर राणा) (Narayanhity Palace, Kathmandu, 19 April 1875 -- Dehradun, India, 20 November 1952) was the Prime Minister of Nepal from 1 September 1932 to 29 November 1945 as the head of the Rana Dynasty.	Juddha Shumsher Jang Bahadur Rana	Dehradun
place of death	Christian Sibelius (28 March 1869 in Hämeenlinna -- 2 July 1922 in Helsinki) was a Finnish doctor and professor of psychiatry.	Christian Sibelius	Helsinki
place of death	Gašo Knežević (15 September 1953 -- 14 March 2014) was a Serbian law scholar, a professor at the University of Belgrade's Law School, and was the best known for serving as Serbia's Education Minister.	Gašo Knežević	Belgrade
place of death	Marie-Louise-Taos Amrouche (4 March 1913 in Tunis, Tunisia -- 2 April 1976 in Saint-Michel-l'Observatoire, France) was an Algerian writer and singer.	Taos Amrouche	Saint-Michel-l'Observatoire
place of death	Bishop John Joseph Nevins (January 19, 1932 -- August 26, 2014) served as an Auxiliary Bishop of the Archdiocese of Miami (1979--1984) and the first Bishop of the Diocese of Venice, Florida (1984--2007).	John Joseph Nevins	Venice
place of death	Betty O'Rourke, née Elizabeth Margaret Stevens (born 1930 in Reading, Berkshire, England - died 2006 in Reading, Berkshire, England) was a British writer of over 10 romance novels from 1987 to 2005.	Betty O'Rourke	Reading
place of death	Bertha Eckstein-Diener (March 18, 1874, Vienna -- February 20, 1948, Geneva), also known by her American pseudonym as Helen Diner, was an Austrian writer, travel journalist, feminist historian and intellectual.	Bertha Eckstein-Diener	Geneva
place of death	Jozef Cíger-Hronský (original name Jozef Cíger; born 23 February 1896 in Zvolen, present-day Slovakia, died 13 July 1960 in Luján, Argentina) was a Slovak writer, teacher, publicist, later secretary and manager of the Matica slovenská.	Jozef Cíger-Hronský	Luján
place of death	Joan Maude (16 January 1908, Rickmansworth, Hertfordshire -- 28 September 1998, Lewes, East Sussex) was an English actress, active from the 1920s to the 1950s.	Joan Maude	Lewes
place of death	Ede Zathureczky (Spišská Nová Ves, 24 August 1903 -- Bloomington, 31 May 1959) was a Hungarian violin virtuoso and pedagogue.	Ede Zathureczky	Bloomington
place of death	Max Simon died on 1 February 1961 at Lünen.	Max Simon	Lünen
place of death	Michele Mascitti (1664 in Villa Santa Maria (from Chieti); 24 April 1760 in Paris) was an Italian violinist and Baroque composer.	Michele Mascitti	Paris
place of death	Tibor Serly (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈtibor ˈʃɛrli); Losonc, Kingdom of Hungary, 25 November 1901 -- London, 8 October 1978) was a Hungarian violist, violinist and composer.	Tibor Serly	London
place of death	Tobias Lear (1762 in Portsmouth, New Hampshire -- October 11, 1816 in Washington, D.C.) is best known as the personal secretary to President George Washington.	Tobias Lear	Washington, D.C.
place of death	Norbert Troller (1900, in Bruenn, Austria-Hungarian Empire -- 1984, in New York City, USA) was a Czech and American architect of Jewish descent.	Norbert Troller	New York City
place of death	Friedrich Fischer (1849--1899) from Schweinfurt, Germany, is considered the father of the modern ball bearing, having invented the process for milling standard bearings in 1883.	Friedrich Fischer	Schweinfurt
place of death	Thomas Grosser (10 April 1965 -- 12 February 2008 in Unterhaching) was a German football player.	Thomas Grosser	Unterhaching
place of death	Wendelin Moosbrugger, or Mosbrugger (20 October 1760 in Au, Vorarlberg - 20 August 1849 in Aarau) was an Austrian portrait painter and miniaturist.	Wendelin Moosbrugger	Aarau
place of death	Sauli Rytky (June 6, 1918 in Haapavesi, Northern Ostrobothnia -- January 28, 2006) was a Finnish cross-country skier who competed in the 1940s.	Sauli Rytky	Haapavesi
place of death	Paul Julius Menzel (27 April 1864, Dresden -- 2 April 1927) was a German physician and paleobotanist.	Paul Julius Menzel	Dresden
place of death	Luciano Cordeiro (Mirandela, 21 July 1844 -- Lisbon, 24 December 1900) was a Portuguese writer, historian, politician and geographer.	Luciano Cordeiro	Lisbon
place of death	Otto Griessing (born 19 January 1897 in Munich -- died 11 November 1958 in Überlingen) was a German electronics engineer.	Otto Griessing	Überlingen
place of death	Eberhard Taubert (11 May 1907, Kassel -- 2 November 1976, Cologne) was a lawyer and anti-Semitic Nazi propagandist.	Eberhard Taubert	Cologne
place of death	Lucien Pothier (Cuy, 15 January 1883 - Troyes, 29 April 1957) was a successful early twentieth century French racing cyclist who participated in the 1903 Tour de France and finished second.	Lucien Pothier	Troyes
place of death	Erich Bachem (* 12 August 1906 in Mülheim an der Ruhr; † 25 March 1960 ) was a German engineer.	Erich Bachem	Mülheim an der Ruhr
place of death	Born to a Coptic Orthodox family in Upper Egypt, she moved to Cairo to pursue her acting career and changed her name to Sanaa Gamil.	Sanaa Gamil	Cairo
place of death	Heinz Sokolowski (17 Dec 1917 in Frankfurt an der Oder -- 25 Nov 1965 in Berlin) was a casualty of the Cold War at the Berlin Wall.	Heinz Sokolowski	Berlin
place of death	Claude Ferdinand Gaillard (7 Jan. 1834 - 19 Jan., 1887) was a French engraver and painter, who had been born and died in Paris.	Claude Ferdinand Gaillard	Paris
place of death	Josef Zwernemann was killed 8 April 1944 near Gardelegen, Altmark after more than 600 combat missions and 126 aerial victories.	Josef Zwernemann	Gardelegen
place of death	Alain de Boissieu (5 July 1914, in Chartres, Eure-et-Loir -- 5 April 2006, in Clamart) was a French general, Free French, Compagnon de la Libération, Army chief of staff (1971--1975) and son-in-law of general Charles de Gaulle.	Alain de Boissieu	Clamart
place of death	Giorgos Zampetas (Pronounced 'Zabetas', Greek: Γιώργος Ζαμπέτας, sometimes romanized as George Zambetas / George Zabetas / Giorgos Zabetas; 25 January 1925 in Athens -- 10 March 1992 in Athens) was a well-known bouzouki musician.	Giorgos Zampetas	Athens
place of death	Giovanni Maria Farina (born 8 December 1685, Santa Maria Maggiore; Germanized name: Johann Maria Farina, Francized: Jean Marie Farina) was an Italian perfumier who created the first Eau de Cologne.	Johann Maria Farina	Cologne
place of death	Charles Breijer (26 November 1914, The Hague -- 18 August 2011, Hilversum) was a Dutch photographer, known as a ``resistance photographer,'' notable especially for the photographs he took during the last year of the German occupation of The Netherlands during World War II.	Charles Breijer	Hilversum
place of death	Jules Ninine (born October 8, 1903 in Pointe-a-Pitre, Guadeloupe and died April 26, 1969 in Paris) was a politician from Guadeloupe who served and represented Cameroon in the French National Assembly from 1946-1958 .	Jules Ninine	Paris
place of death	David Mortier Eduard Fraenkel (17 March 1888, Berlin -- 5 February 1970, Oxford) was a German-English philologist.	Eduard Fraenkel	Oxford
place of death	Louis-Pierre Deseine (1749--1822) was a French sculptor, who was born and died in Paris.	Louis-Pierre Deseine	Paris
place of death	Jiří Karásek ze Lvovic (English: Jiří Karásek from Lvovice; January 24, 1871, Prague -- March 5, 1951, Prague) was a Czech poet, writer and literary critic.	Jiří Karásek ze Lvovic	Prague
place of death	Fray Servando Teresa de Mier (in full, José Servando Teresa de Mier Noriega y Guerra) (October 18, 1765 in Monterrey, Nuevo León, New Spain -- December 3, 1827 in Mexico City) was a Roman Catholic priest, preacher, and politician in New Spain.	Servando Teresa de Mier	Mexico City
place of death	Enric Clarasó i Daudí (14 September 1857, Sant Feliu del Racó (now a suburb of Barcelona) - 1941, Barcelona) was a modernist Catalonian sculptor.	Enric Clarasó	Barcelona
place of death	Amadeus Webersinke (1 November 1920 in Jägersdorf, Broumov, Czechoslovakia -- 15 May 2005 in Dresden) was a German pianist and organist.	Amadeus Webersinke	Dresden
place of death	Bernardo Jaramillo Ossa (born in 1956 in Manizales, Caldas, died in Bogotá, Cundinamarca on March 22, 1990) was a Colombian politician and member of the Colombian Communist Party.	Bernardo Jaramillo Ossa	Bogotá
place of death	Alberto Orrego Luco (20 April 1854, Valparaíso - 2 June 1931, Santiago) was a Chilean Impressionist landscape painter and diplomat.	Alberto Orrego Luco	Santiago
place of death	Henrik Kalteisen, O.P., S.T.D., the Danish and Norwegian name of Heinrich Kalteisen (probably around 1390, Koblenz, Electorate of Trier -- 2 October 1464, same place ), was a German theologian and, from 1452 to 1458, the 24th Archbishop of Nidaros in Norway.	Henrik Kalteisen	Koblenz
place of death	Mir Ghaus Bakhsh Bizenjo (Urdu/Baloch: میرغوث بخش بزنجو ) was a prominent Baloch politician of Balochistan, Pakistan.	Ghaus Bakhsh Bizenjo	Balochistan
place of death	David Pegg (20 September 1935 -- 6 February 1958) was an English footballer and one of the eight Manchester United players who lost their lives in the Munich air disaster on 6 February 1958.	David Pegg	Munich
place of death	This sentence was later reduced to ten years due to Scarpa's poor health On June 4, 1994, Gregory Scarpa Sr. died in the Federal Medical Center (FMC) for prisoners in Rochester, Minnesota from AIDS-related complications.	Gregory Scarpa	Rochester
place of death	Stanisław Młodożeniec (born 31 January 1895 in Dobrocice - died 21 January 1959 in Warsaw) was a poet, and a founder of Polish futurism.	Stanisław Młodożeniec	Warsaw
place of death	Irene Higginbotham, born June 11, 1918, Worcester, Massachusetts, died August 27, 1988, New York City, was an African American songwriter and concert pianist.	Irene Higginbotham	New York City
place of death	Thomas Benjamin Frederick Davis (25 April 1867, in Havre des Pas, Saint Helier, Jersey -- October 1942, in Durban, South Africa) was a wealthy businessman, yachtsman and philanthropist.	Thomas Benjamin Frederick Davis	Durban
place of death	Antalcidas (Greek: Ἀνταλκίδας, Antalkídas; died c. 367 BC), son of Leon, was an ancient Greek soldier, politician, and diplomat from Sparta.	Antalcidas	Sparta
place of death	John Isaac Briquet (13 March 1870 in Geneva -- 26 October 1931 in Geneva) was a Swiss botanist, director of the Conservatoire Botanique at Geneva.	John Isaac Briquet	Geneva
place of death	The Right Reverend William Croswell Doane (March 2, 1832 in Boston -- May 17, 1913 in New York City) was the 1st Bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Albany in the United States.	William Croswell Doane	New York City
place of death	Moritz Jursitzky (born 1861, in Engelsberg (Andělská Hora), Austrian Silesia - 1936, in Vienna) was an Austrian/Silesian writer.	Moritz Jursitzky	Vienna
place of death	Ryk Tulbagh (14 May 1699, Utrecht -- 11 August 1771, Cape Town) was Governor of the Dutch Cape Colony from 27 February 1751 to 11 August 1771 under the Dutch East India Company (VOC).	Ryk Tulbagh	Cape Town
place of death	Adolf Josef Storfer (11 January 1888, Botoşani, Romania -- 2 December 1944, Melbourne, Australia) was an educated Austrian lawyer turned journalist and publisher.	Adolf Josef Storfer	Melbourne
place of death	The official version of the communist government was that Władysław Łukasiuk ``Młot'' died during a short vacation from fighting in the village of Czaje-Wólka in June 1947.	Władysław Łukasiuk	Czaje-Wólka
place of death	Degory Wheare, also spelt Digory Whear (the first name can be Latinized as Degoreus or Digoreus) (1573-- died in 1647) was an historian, the first Camden Professor of Ancient History in the University of Oxford.	Degory Wheare	Oxford
place of death	Riccardo Nowak (16 January 1885 in Bergamo -- 18 February 1950 in Bergamo) was an Italian fencer who took part in the 1908 Olympic Games in London.	Riccardo Nowak	Bergamo
place of death	Heinz Graffunder (born and died in Berlin: 23 December 1926 - 9 December 1994) was a German architect.	Heinz Graffunder	Berlin
place of death	Mustafa Edige Kirimal (* 1911 Bakhchysarai -- † 1980 Munich) was a Crimean-born politician.	Mustafa Edige Kirimal	Munich
place of death	Jean Dubois the Elder, born at Fontainebleau in 1604, a landscape painter and painter to the king, succeeded in 1635 to the office of keeper of the pictures at Fontainebleau before held by his uncle, Claude de Hoey.	Jean Dubois the Elder	Fontainebleau
place of death	Benjamin Waterhouse Hawkins (8 February 1807 -- 27 January 1894) was an English sculptor and natural history artist renowned for his work on the life-size models of dinosaurs in the Crystal Palace Park in south London.	Benjamin Waterhouse Hawkins	London
place of death	William Freshman (1902 in Sydney, Australia -- 1980 in London, England) was an Australian-born actor, scriptwriter and director.	William Freshman	London
place of death	Josep Tarradellas i Joan, 1st Marquess of Tarradellas (Catalan pronunciation: (ʒuˈzɛp tərəˈðeʎəs); Cervelló, Baix Llobregat 1899 -- Barcelona 1988) was a Spanish politician.	Josep Tarradellas	Barcelona
place of death	Charles Spindler (March 11, 1865, Bœrsch - March 3, 1938, Bœrsch) was an Alsatian painter, marquetry inlayer, writer and photographer.	Charles Spindler	Bœrsch
place of death	Edward Michelis (born in Münster, St. Mauritz, 6 February 1813; died in Luxembourg, 8 June 1855) was a German Roman Catholic theologian.	Edward Michelis	Luxembourg
place of death	Alfred Percival Bullen (1896-02-08 in Kiama, New South Wales -- 1974-08-11 at Penrith, New South Wales) was, along with his brothers, the circus founder of Bullen's Circus.	Alfred Percival Bullen	Penrith
place of death	Gregorio Luperón was born 8 September 1839 in Puerto Plata to Pedro Castellanos and Nicolasa Luperón.	Gregorio Luperón	Puerto Plata
place of death	Doc Scurlock died at age 80 from a heart attack in Eastland, Texas.	Doc Scurlock	Eastland
place of death	Julio Grondona's career in football began in 1956, when he and his brother Héctor founded Arsenal Fútbol Club, inspired by the homonymous English side, in Sarandí, Avellaneda, Buenos Aires.	Julio Grondona	Buenos Aires
place of death	Camille Biot (19 December 1850, Chatenoy-le-Royal - 1918, Mâcon) was a French physician who is remembered for describing Biot's respiration.	Camille Biot	Mâcon
place of death	Elijah McCoy died in the Eloise Infirmary in Nankin Township, now Westland, Michigan, on October 10, 1929, at the age of 86, after suffering injuries from a car accident seven years earlier in which his wife Mary had died.	Elijah McCoy	Westland, Michigan
place of death	Karl Süssheim (21 January 1878, Nuremberg - 13 January 1947, Istanbul, Turkey), was a German historian and Orientalist of Jewish descent.	Karl Süssheim	Istanbul
place of death	Hans Moritz von Brühl (20 December 1736 -- 9 June 1809) was a German diplomat and astronomer, resident for much of his life in London, where he was known as John Maurice, Count of Brühl.	Hans Moritz von Brühl	London
place of death	Bernard de Hoog (born November 19, 1867 in Amsterdam, died in The Hague, 1943) was a Dutch painter influenced by the Hague School.	Bernard de Hoog	The Hague
place of death	Julius Reichelt (1637--1717) was a German mathematician and astronomer who may have set up the first observatory in the city of Strasbourg.	Julius Reichelt	Strasbourg
place of death	Lothar Sieber (7 April 1922 in Dresden, Germany -- 1 March 1945 near Stetten am kalten Markt, Germany) was a German test pilot who was killed in the first vertical take-off manned rocket flight, in a Bachem Ba 349 ``Natter''.	Lothar Sieber	Stetten am kalten Markt
place of death	Zeger Bernhard van Espen (Espenius) (born at Leuven, 9 July 1646; died at Amersfoort, Netherlands, 2 October 1728) was a Belgian canonist.	Zeger Bernhard van Espen	Amersfoort
place of death	Abel Santamaría Cuadrado (20 October 1927 in Encrucijada, Las Villas, Cuba - 26 July 1953 in Santiago de Cuba) was an important leader in the Cuban Revolutionary movement.	Abel Santamaría	Santiago de Cuba
place of death	Libertas Schulze-Boysen and her husband were executed on December 22, 1942, at Plötzensee Prison in Berlin.	Libertas Schulze-Boysen	Plötzensee Prison
place of death	Mateo Cerezo (19 April 1637 in Burgos -- 29 June 1666 in Madrid) was a Baroque Spanish painter.	Mateo Cerezo	Madrid
place of death	Ljubomir Kaljević (1841, Užice -- March 20 1907, Belgrade) was Serbian politician, academic and Prime Minister of Serbia.	Ljubomir Kaljević	Belgrade
place of death	Ernst-Jürgen Dreyer (20 August 1934, Oschatz -- 3 December 2011, Neuss) was a German writer, translator, playwright and musicologist.	Ernst-Jürgen Dreyer	Neuss
place of death	Johann Daniel Major (16 August 1634, Breslau -- 26 July 1693, Stockholm) was a German professor of theoretical medicine, naturalist, collector and the founder of museology.	Johann Daniel Major	Stockholm
place of death	Harlan Leonard (July 2, 1905 -- November 10, 1983) was an American jazz bandleader and clarinetist from Kansas City, Missouri.	Harlan Leonard	Kansas City
place of death	Francis Tattegrain (11 October 1852, Péronne - 1 January 1915, Arras) was a French Naturalist painter.	Francis Tattegrain	Arras
place of death	Nereo Rocco (20 May 1912, Trieste -- 20 February 1979, Trieste) was an Italian association football player and manager.	Nereo Rocco	Trieste
place of death	Johann Friedrich Thyssen (1 October 1804 in Aachen -- 25 May 1877 in Eschweiler) was a German banker and patriarch of the Thyssen family dynasty.	Friedrich Thyssen	Eschweiler
place of death	Genrikh Kasparyan (Armenian: Հենրիկ Գասպարյան; 27 February 1910 in Tbilisi -- 27 December 1995 in Yerevan) is considered to have been one of the greatest composers of chess endgame studies.	Genrikh Kasparyan	Yerevan
place of death	Robert Eneas Lamberton (September 14, 1886 -- August 22, 1941) was a Republican politician who served as the 114th mayor of Philadelphia from 1940 to 1941.	Robert Eneas Lamberton	Philadelphia
place of death	He created the John Gutmann Photography Fellowship Award, through the San Francisco Foundation.	John Gutmann	San Francisco
place of death	Olga Drahonowska-Małkowska (January 9, 1888, Krzeszowice, Poland -- January 15, 1979, Zakopane, Poland), with her husband, founded scouting in Poland.	Olga Drahonowska-Małkowska	Zakopane
place of death	Julius Shulman (October 10, 1910 -- July 15, 2009) was an American architectural photographer best known for his photograph ``Case Study House #22, Los Angeles, 1960.	Julius Shulman	Los Angeles
place of death	Henry Taube died in his home in Palo Alto, California on November 16, 2005, at the age of 89.	Henry Taube	Palo Alto
place of death	Leonardo Montaldo or di Montaldo (1319 -- 14 June 1384), politician and statesman who became the 7th doge of the Republic of Genoa.	Leonardo Montaldo	Genoa
place of death	Forrest Crissey (Born June 1, 1864, Stockton, New York, Died 1943, Geneva, Illinois), was a prolific early twentieth-century American writer of books and articles.	Forrest Crissey	Geneva
place of death	Georg Hornstein (8 December 1900 in Berlin - 3 September 1942 at the Buchenwald concentration camp) was a German-Jewish Resistance fighter during the period of National Socialism (nazism).	Georg Hornstein	Buchenwald concentration camp
place of death	Johann Andreas Schmeller (6 August 1785 in Tirschenreuth -- 27 September 1852 in Munich) was a German philologist who initially studied the Bavarian dialect.	Johann Andreas Schmeller	Munich
place of death	Klára Jerneková (b. January 14, 1945 in Brno -- d. July 31, 2003 in Prague), was a Czech actress.	Klára Jerneková	Prague
place of death	Lawrence Quincy Mumford died on August 15, 1982 in Washington, D.C.	Lawrence Quincy Mumford	Washington, D.C.
place of death	Frans Hens (1 August 1856, Antwerp - 11 May 1928, Antwerp) was a Belgian post-impressionist painter, draftsman and printmaker.	Frans Hens	Antwerp
place of death	Julian Gumperz (May 12, 1898, New York -- February 1972, Gaylordsville, Connecticut) was a United States-born German sociologist, communist activist, publicist, and translator.	Julian Gumperz	Connecticut
place of death	Alfred Le Roux was born in Paris, France, on 11 December 1852, son of a banker.	Alfred Le Roux	Paris
place of death	Keith John Reames (19 February 1942 -- 6 May 2008) was an English football manager and administrator who was chairman of Lincoln City from 1985 to 2000.	John Reames	Lincoln
place of death	Georg Haupt (Stockholm 10 August 1741--Stockholm 18 September 1784) was a Swedish cabinet maker.	Georg Haupt	Stockholm
place of death	Adriano Banchieri (Bologna, 3 September 1568 -- Bologna, 1634) was an Italian composer, music theorist, organist and poet of the late Renaissance and early Baroque eras.	Adriano Banchieri	Bologna
place of death	Heinrich Doring, born Michael Johann Heinrich Döring (8 May 1789, Danzig/Gdańsk -- 14 December 1862, Jena) was a German writer, theologian and mineralogist.	Heinrich Döring	Jena
place of death	Johann Hinrich Gossler (born 18 August 1738 in Hamburg, died 31 August 1790 in Hamburg) was a German banker and grand burgher of Hamburg, a member of the Hanseatic Berenberg/Gossler banking dynasty and the owner and head of the firm Joh.	Johann Hinrich Gossler	Hamburg
place of death	On 6 May 1932, Paul Doumer was in Paris at the opening of a book fair at the Hôtel Salomon de Rothschild, talking to the author Claude Farrère.	Paul Doumer	Paris
place of death	Carl Adolf Riebeck, originally Carl Adolph Riebeck (September 27, 1821 in Clausthal - January 28, 1883 in Halle) was an industrialist and mining entrepreneur.	Carl Adolf Riebeck	Halle
place of death	Peter Joseph Krahe (8 April 1758, Mannheim - 7 October 1840, Braunschweig) was a German architect.	Peter Joseph Krahe	Braunschweig
place of death	Saint Perfectus (Santo Perfecto) (died 850) was one of the Martyrs of Córdoba whose martyrdom was recorded by Saint Eulogius in the Memoriale sanctorum.	Perfectus	Córdoba
place of death	Last words of Teresa Lewis, September 23, 2010 Lewis was executed on September 23, 2010, at 9 p.m. by lethal injection, at Greensville Correctional Center in Jarratt.	Teresa Lewis	Greensville Correctional Center
place of death	Vincenzo Chilone (10 July 1758, Venice - 12 January 1839, Venice) was an Italian painter who specialized in vedute, after the style of Canaletto.	Vincenzo Chilone	Venice
place of death	Friedrich Wilhelm Rauschenberg (1 December 1853 -- 28 September 1935) was a German architect active in Bremen, Germany.	Friedrich Wilhelm Rauschenberg	Bremen
place of death	John Joyce Russell (December 1, 1897 -- March 17, 1993) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church, serving as Bishop of Richmond from 1958 to 1973.	John Joyce Russell	Richmond
place of death	Daniël de Blieck (Middelburg, c. 1610 - Middelburg, 1673), was a Dutch Golden Age painter, draughtsman and architect, who specialised in architectural paintings.	Daniël de Blieck	Middelburg
place of death	Joseph Ludwig Raabe (15 May 1801 in Brody, Galicia -- 22 January 1859 in Zürich, Switzerland) was a Swiss mathematician.	Joseph Ludwig Raabe	Zürich
place of death	Robert Layton was born in Montreal, the son of Norah Lestelle (née England) and former Quebec cabinet minister Gilbert Layton.	Robert Layton	Montreal
place of death	Petar Mazev (February 10, 1927, Kavadarci -- March 13, 1993, Skopje) was a Macedonian academic painter, who is considered one of the most important postwar painters who introduced new energy into contemporary Macedonian art.	Petar Mazev	Skopje
place of death	Efisio Arru (Siligo, 1927 -- Sassari, 2000) was an Italian scientist, from Sardinia.	Efisio Arru	Sassari
place of death	Charles Louis Simonneau (22 May 1645, Orléans -- 1728, Paris), was a French engraver.	Charles Louis Simonneau	Paris
place of death	Endre Rozsda (Hungarian: Rozsda Endre,; 18 November 1913, Mohács -- 17 September 1999, Paris) was a Hungarian-French painter.	Endre Rozsda	Paris
place of death	Mischa Levitzki died suddenly of a heart attack aged 42, in 1941, in Avon-by-the-Sea, New Jersey.	Mischa Levitzki	New Jersey
place of death	Joe Bishop (November 27, 1907, Monticello, Arkansas - May 12, 1976, Houston, Texas) was an American jazz multi-instrumentalist and composer.	Joe Bishop	Houston
place of death	Christian Gottlob Wilke (May 13, 1788 Badrina (today belonging to the municipality of Schönwölkau) -- November 10, 1854 Würzburg) was a German theologian.	Christian Gottlob Wilke	Würzburg
place of death	Bernard McEveety died in Encino, Los Angeles, California, aged 79, of undisclosed natural causes.	Bernard McEveety	Encino
place of death	Fabio di Celmo (Genoa, 1 June 1965 -- Havana, 4 September 1997) was an Italian entrepreneur, murdered in the 1997 explosion of a bomb planted by anti-Castro terrorists in a bar at the Hotel Copacabana.	Fabio di Celmo	Havana
place of death	Grace Cunard Shannon died of cancer, aged 73, in 1967 in Woodland Hills, California.	Grace Cunard	Woodland Hills
place of death	Arthur Rosenthal (24 February 1887, Fürth, Germany -- 15 September 1959, Lafayette, Indiana) was a German mathematician.	Arthur Rosenthal	Lafayette
place of death	To promote his cooking style, he founded l'École de Cuisine du Soleil Roger Vergé (located on the first floor of l'Amandier in Mougins).	Roger Vergé	Mougins
place of death	Anthonie Verstraelen or Van Stralen (Gorkum, 1593/1594 - Amsterdam, 1641) was a Dutch landscape painter, best known (with Hendrik Avercamp and his nephew Barend Avercamp) for his winter scenes.	Anthonie Verstraelen	Amsterdam
place of death	Andrej Sládkovič (born as Andrej Braxatoris, pseudonyms Andrej Braxatoris-Sládkovič, Andrej Sládkovič, Ondřej Krasislav Sládkovič, 30 March 1820, in Krupina (Korpona) -- 20 April 1872, in Radvaň near Banská Bystrica) was a Slovak poet, critic, publicist and translator.	Andrej Sládkovič	Banská Bystrica
place of death	Francesco Hayez (Italian: (franˈtʃesko ˈaːjets); 10 February 1791 -- 21 December 1882) was an Italian painter, the leading artist of Romanticism in mid-19th-century Milan, renowned for his grand historical paintings, political allegories and exceptionally fine portraits.	Francesco Hayez	Milan
place of death	Christian Friedrich Freyer (25 August, 1794, Wassertrüdingen -- 11 November 1885 Augsburg) was a German entomologist mainly interested in Lepidoptera.	Christian Friedrich Freyer	Augsburg
place of death	In 1712, together with Yakov Permyakov, Merkury Vagin explored the region of the eastern Laptev Sea coast, including Bolshoy Lyakhovsky Island, the southernmost of the New Siberian Archipelago.	Merkury Vagin	Bolshoy Lyakhovsky Island
place of death	Peter Ladefoged was born on 17 September 1925, in Sutton (then in Surrey, now in Greater London), England to Niels, an importer of Danish bacon and cheese, and his wife, Marie Frances.	Peter Ladefoged	London
place of death	Riccardo Francovich (Florence, Italy, June 10, 1946 -- Fiesole, Italy, March 30, 2007) was a pioneering Italian archaeologist and expert on Medieval Italy.	Riccardo Francovich	Fiesole
place of death	Mary Ann Müller (born Mary Ann Wilson in 1819 or 1820 in London, died 18 July 1901 in Blenheim) was a New Zealand campaigner for women's suffrage and, more generally, women's rights.	Mary Ann Müller	Blenheim
place of death	Samuel Hanson Stone (December 4, 1849 near Richmond, Kentucky - April 3, 1909 in Galveston, Texas) was an American politician.	Samuel Hanson Stone	Galveston
place of death	August von Parseval (5 February 1861, in Frankenthal (Pfalz) -- 22 February 1942, in Berlin) was a German airship designer.	August von Parseval	Berlin
place of death	Jean-Claude Forest was born in Le Perreux-sur-Marne, a Paris suburb and graduated from the Paris School of Design in the early 1950s and immediately began working as an illustrator.	Jean-Claude Forest	Paris
place of death	Rex Humbard died on September 21, 2007, in Atlantis, Florida, of congestive heart failure, following hospitalization, at the age of 88.	Rex Humbard	Atlantis, Florida
place of death	Bertil Envall (29 October 1909, Annedal, Gothenburg - 23 November 2011, Backa, Gothenburg) was a Swedish Lutheran missionary and bishop emeritus of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Malaysia.	Bertil Envall	Backa
place of death	David Bustill Bowser (January 16, 1820, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania -- June 30, 1900, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) was an African-American ornamental artist and portraitist.	David Bustill Bowser	Philadelphia
place of death	In 1906-1908 Vasily Kravkov served in Moscow as a Corps physician, in 1908-1910 in Yaroslavl, where he was a physician of the 53rd and later 62nd Infantry Reserve Brigade.	Vasily Kravkov	Moscow
place of death	Ferdinand Weerth (1 June 1774 in Gemarke -- 18 October 1836 in Detmold) was a German pastor and school-reformer in the Principality of Lippe.	Ferdinand Weerth	Detmold
place of death	Laura Clay (February 9, 1849 -- June 29, 1941), co-founder and first president of the Kentucky Equal Rights Association, was a leader of the American women's suffrage movement.	Laura Clay	Kentucky
place of death	Rupert Huter (26 September 1834, Kals -- 11 February 1919, Ried bei Sterzing) was an Austrian clergyman and botanist.	Rupert Huter	Sterzing
place of death	Wilhelm Worringer (13 January 1881 in Aachen -- 29 March 1965 in Munich) was a German art historian.	Wilhelm Worringer	Munich
place of death	Sigmund Friedl (1851, Lipník nad Bečvou, Moravia -- 1914, Vienna) was one of the most famous Austrian philatelists.	Sigmund Friedl	Vienna
place of death	Bal Patil (Hindi: बाल पाटील, Marathi: बाळ पाटील; 1932--2011) was a Jain scholar, journalist, social activist and Jain minority status advocate from Mumbai, Maharashtra.	Bal Patil	Mumbai
place of death	Leopold Müller (* January 7, 1908 in Salzburg, † August 1, 1988 in Salzburg) was one of the pioneers of rock mechanics and one of the main contributors to the development of the New Austrian Tunnelling method.	Leopold Müller	Salzburg
place of death	Ernst Behler (September 4, 1928 in Essen -- September 16, 1997 in Seattle) was a German philosopher.	Ernst Behler	Seattle
place of death	Vivian Hunter Galbraith, FBA (15 December 1889 -- 25 November 1976 in Oxford) was an English historian, fellow of the British Academy and Oxford Regius Professor of Modern History.	Vivian Hunter Galbraith	Oxford
place of death	Margot Taulé (born August 30, 1920 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic; died July 11, 2008 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic) was an architect-engineer and the first woman to become a registered professional engineer and architect in the Dominican Republic.	Margot Taulé	Santo Domingo
place of death	Dalibor Brozović (Croatian pronunciation: (dǎlibor brǒːzovit͡ɕ); 28 July 1927, Sarajevo - 19 June 2009, Zagreb) was a Croatian linguist, Slavist, dialectologist and politician.	Dalibor Brozović	Zagreb
place of death	Charles Lenormant (Paris, 1 June 1802 -- Athens, 22 November 1859) was a French archaeologist.	Charles Lenormant	Athens
place of death	Ioan Dicezare (August 12, 1916, Bucharest -- August 10, 2012, Bucharest) was a leading Romanian fighter pilot and flying ace in World War II. He was born and died in Bucharest.	Ioan Dicezare	Bucharest
place of death	Demir Gökgöl (Istanbul, July 15, 1937 -- Hamburg, March 22, 2012) was a Turkish-German actor.	Demir Gökgöl	Hamburg
place of death	Gintaras Beresnevičius (July 8, 1961 in Kaunas -- August 6, 2006 in Vilnius) was a Lithuanian historian of religions specializing in Baltic mythology.	Gintaras Beresnevičius	Vilnius
place of death	Gerard Brantsen (1734 or 10 January 1735, Arnhem -- 21 December 1809, Arnhem) was a Dutch politician and diplomat.	Gerard Brantsen	Arnhem
place of death	Gregorio de Laferrère was born in Buenos Aires to Mercedes Pereda, a local heiress, and Alfonso de Laferrère, a prominent French Argentine landowner.	Gregorio de Laferrère	Buenos Aires
place of death	Carl Heinrich Hübler (Wachwitz, near Dresden, 4 December 1822 -- 14 April 1893) was the hornist in the Dresden Royal Court orchestra from 1844 until his retirement in 1891.	Heinrich Hübler	Dresden
place of death	Pietro Alfieri (June 1801 -- 12 June 1863) was a Roman Catholic priest and at one time a Camaldolese monk, who was born and died in Rome.	Pietro Alfieri	Rome
place of death	Constantin Freiherr von Ettingshausen (or Baron Constantin von Ettingshausen) (June 16, 1826 in Vienna -- February 1, 1897 in Graz) was an Austrian botanist known for his paleobotanical studies of flora from the Tertiary era.	Constantin von Ettingshausen	Graz
place of death	Luigi Pisani was born in Venice in 1522, the son of Giovanni Pisani, the ambassador of the Republic of Venice to the Kingdom of France, and his wife Benedetta Gritti.	Luigi Pisani	Venice
place of death	João do Rio was the pseudonym of the Brazilian journalist, short-story writer and playwright João Paulo Emílio Cristóvão dos Santos Coelho Barreto, a Brazilian author and journalist of African descent (August 5, 1881, Rio de Janeiro-- June 23, 1921, Rio de Janeiro).	João do Rio	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	Charles Douglas Moffatt (London, 5 July 1870 -- Buenos Aires, 1 March 1953) was an English football player, considered one of the pioneers of the sport in Argentina.	Charles Douglas Moffatt	Buenos Aires
place of death	Giorgio da Sebenico (Croatian: Juraj Dalmatinac; c. 1410 -- 10 October 1475) was a Venetian sculptor and architect from Venetian Dalmatia, who worked mainly in Sebenico (now Šibenik, Croatia), and in the city of Ancona, then a maritime republic.	Giorgio da Sebenico	Šibenik
place of death	Wilhelm Rudolf Mann (born 4 April 1894 in Wiesbaden - died 10 March 1992 in Grainau) was a German factory manager for IG Farben and later with Bayer.	Wilhelm Rudolf Mann	Grainau
place of death	William Henry Quilliam (10 April 1856 Liverpool -- 23 April 1932 London), who changed his name to Abdullah Quilliam and later Henri Marcel Leon or Haroun Mustapha Leon, was a 19th-century convert from Christianity to Islam, noted for founding England's first mosque and Islamic centre.	Abdullah Quilliam	London
place of death	Wilhelm Hertzberg (* 6 June 1813 in Halberstadt; † 7 June 1879 in Bremen) was a prolific German philologist and translator.	Wilhelm Hertzberg	Bremen
place of death	Giovanni Corbeddu Salis (Oliena, 1844 - Riu Monte (Orgosolo), September 3, 1898) was an Sardinian outlaw.	Giovanni Corbeddu Salis	Orgosolo
place of death	Richard Sackville, 3rd Earl of Dorset (18 March 1589, Charterhouse, London -- 28 March 1624, Dorset House, London) was the son of Robert Sackville, 2nd Earl of Dorset.	Richard Sackville, 3rd Earl of Dorset	London
place of death	Herman Fortunatus, Margrave of Baden-Rodemachern (23 January 1595 in Rastatt -- 4 January 1665 in Kastellaun) was Margrave of Baden-Rodemachern.	Herman Fortunatus, Margrave of Baden-Rodemachern	Kastellaun
place of death	Fulvio Mingozzi (Lagosanto, October 6, 1925 - Rome, 19 September 2000) was an Italian actor.	Fulvio Mingozzi	Rome
place of death	Jorge Mañach y Robato (February 14, 1898, Sagua La Grande, Cuba -- June 25, 1961, San Juan, Puerto Rico) was a Cuban writer and attorney, considered among the most distinguished of his time.	Jorge Mañach	San Juan
place of death	Wallace McCutcheon, Sr. (New York City, 1858 or 1862-Brooklyn, NY October 3, 1918) was a pioneer cinematographer and director in the early American motion picture industry, working with the American Mutoscope & Biograph, Edison and American Star Film companies.	Wallace McCutcheon, Sr.	Brooklyn
place of death	Louis Thiroux de Crosne was Lieutenant général de Police (Chief of the Police) in Paris from 1785 to the beginning of the French Revolution.	Louis Thiroux de Crosne	Paris
place of death	Caterina Appiani (1398 -- 19 December 1451) was the lady of Piombino of the Appiani dynasty from 1445 until her death.	Caterina Appiani	Piombino
place of death	Bartholomeus Spranger (name variations: Bartholomaeus or Bartholomäus and Spraneers; 21 March 1546 in Antwerp -- 1611 in Prague) was a Flemish painter, draughtsman, sculptor and etcher who became a painter to the imperial court in Prague.	Bartholomeus Spranger	Prague
place of death	Guru Har Rai also established an Ayurvedic hospital and a research center at Kiratpur Sahib, where he also maintained a zoo.	Guru Har Rai	Kiratpur Sahib
place of death	Horia Macellariu (28 April 1894, Craiova - 11 July 1989, Bucharest) was a Romanian Counter Admiral, commander of the Royal Romanian Navy during World War II.	Horia Macellariu	Bucharest
place of death	Kathryn McGuire died of cancer in 1978 in Los Angeles, California.	Kathryn McGuire	Los Angeles
place of death	Andreas Fedor Jagor (30 November 1816 -- 11 February 1900) was a German ethnologist, naturalist and explorer who traveled throughout Asia in the second half of the 19th century collecting for Berlin museums.	Fedor Jagor	Berlin
place of death	Vasyl Yermylov was born 22 March 1894 in the city of Kharkiv, Ukraine.	Vasyl Yermylov	Kharkiv
place of death	Matylda Getter (1870--1968) was a Polish Catholic nun, mother provincial of CSFFM (lat. Congregatio Sororum Franciscalium Familiae Mariae) - Franciscan Sisters of the Family of Mary in Warsaw and social worker in pre-war Poland.	Matylda Getter	Warsaw
place of death	Angelo Mascheroni (1855 in Bergamo, Italy -- 1905) was a pianist composer, conductor, and music teacher, brother of the conductor Edoardo Mascheroni.	Angelo Mascheroni	Bergamo
place of death	Robert Starer (8 January 1924 in Vienna -- 22 April 2001 in Kingston, New York) was an Austrian-born American composer and pianist.	Robert Starer	Kingston
place of death	Abraham Blum (also known as Abrasza Blum) (1905 in Wilno, Vilna Governorate -- May 1943 in Warsaw) was Polish-Jewish socialist activist, one of the leaders of the Bund in the Warsaw Ghetto and a participant in the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising.	Abraham Blum	Warsaw
place of death	Ralf Reichenbach (31 July 1950 in Wiesbaden -- 12 February 1998 in Berlin) was a German shot putter.	Ralf Reichenbach	Berlin
place of death	Oļģerts Dunkers (Riga, 11 February 1932 -- 10 September 1997) was a Latvian actor and film director and politician.	Oļģerts Dunkers	Riga
place of death	Saint Nestor the Chronicler (c. 1056 -- c. 1114, in Kiev) was the reputed author of the Primary Chronicle, (the earliest East Slavic chronicle), Life of the Venerable Theodosius of the Kiev Caves, Life of the Holy Passion Bearers, Boris and Gleb, and of the so-called Reading.	Nestor the Chronicler	Kiev
place of death	Andrew Joseph Galambos (born Ifj. Galambos Jozsef Andras, June 28, 1924, in Hungary; died in Orange County, California on April 10, 1997) was an astrophysicist and philosopher who innovated a social structure that seeks to maximize human peace and freedom.	Andrew Joseph Galambos	Orange County
place of death	Roman Abraham (1891 Lwów - 1976 Warsaw) was a Polish cavalry general, commander of Wielkopolska Cavalry Brigade during German and Soviet Invasion of Poland in September 1939, in Battle of Bzura commander of Polish cavalry (combined cavalry unit).	Roman Abraham	Warsaw
place of death	Giorgio Schiavone, or Juraj Ćulinović (Skradin, 1433 or 1436 -- Šibenik, 1504), was a Croatian born painter, active in Italy and Dalmatia.	Giorgio Schiavone	Šibenik
place of death	Beatrice Morgari (1858, Turin - 1936, Turin) was an Italian painter, mainly of genre subjects, often depicting intimate family scenes.	Beatrice Morgari	Turin
place of death	Victor Guillermo Ramos Rangel (Cúa, Miranda state, Venezuela, 10 February 1911 - Caracas, 10 December, 1986) was a venezuelan classical musician.	Victor Guillermo Ramos Rangel	Caracas
place of death	Benjamin Bourne (September 9, 1755 -- September 17, 1808) was an American jurist and politician from Bristol, Rhode Island.	Benjamin Bourne	Bristol, Rhode Island
place of death	On 24 January 2013, Dolours Price was found dead at her Malahide, County Dublin home, evidently from a toxic effect of mixing prescribed sedative and anti-depressant medications.	Dolours Price	Malahide
place of death	André Essel (4 September 1918 in Toulouse, Haute-Garonne -- 31 March 2005 in Paris) was the co-founder of Fnac, originally Fédération nationale d’achats des cadres, or National Purchasing Federation of Managers, alongside Max Théret.	André Essel	Paris
place of death	When Dirac visited Institute of Advanced Study, Princeton, U.S.A. in 1947/48 he brought Harish-Chandra as his assistant.	Harish-Chandra	Princeton
place of death	Luigi Pampaloni (Florence, 1791--1847) was an Italian sculptor, active in a Neoclassical style.	Luigi Pampaloni	Florence
place of death	Matthaeus Greuter (1564--1638), known in Italian as Matteo Greuter, was a German etcher and engraver who worked in Rome.	Matthaeus Greuter	Rome
place of death	Michael Truman (25 February 1916, in Bristol, England -- 11 July 1972, in Newbury, Berkshire) was a British film producer, director and editor.	Michael Truman	Newbury
place of death	Emilio Scanavino (Genoa, 28 February 1922 -- Milan, 28 November 1986) was an Italian painter and sculptor.	Emilio Scanavino	Milan
place of death	Joseph Balthasar Hochreither (Salzburg, 16 April 1669 - Salzburg, 14 December 1731) was an Austrian organist and composer.	Joseph Balthasar Hochreither	Salzburg
place of death	Anton Dietrich (born May 27, 1833 in Meissen; died August 4, 1904 in Leipzig) was a German painter.	Anton Dietrich	Leipzig
place of death	In November 2003, a memorial stone was unveiled at the site (52°23′51``N 13°12′58''E) where Nordahl Grieg died in Kleinmachnow near Berlin, Germany, when the Lancaster bomber in which he was flying crashed into Machnower See on 2 December 1943.	Nordahl Grieg	Kleinmachnow
place of death	August Jakobson (born 2 September 1904 in Pärnu, died 23 May 1963 in Tallinn) was an Estonian writer and politician.	August Jakobson	Tallinn
place of death	Harvey Bailey died peacefully in Joplin, Missouri on March 1, 1979 at the age of 91.	Harvey Bailey	Joplin
place of death	Paul Huet (3 October 1803 -- 8 January 1869) was a French painter and printmaker born in Paris.	Paul Huet	Paris
place of death	Enrico Prampolini (20 April 1894, Modena -- 17 June 1956, Rome) was an Italian Futurist painter, sculptor and scenographer.	Enrico Prampolini	Rome
place of death	Hamengkubuwono V (also spelled Hamengkubuwana V, 1820--1855 was the fifth sultan of Yogyakarta, reigning from December 19, 1823 to August 17, 1826, and then from January 17, 1828 to June 5, 1855 being interspersed by the rule of Hamengkubuwana IV.	Hamengkubuwono V	Yogyakarta
place of death	María Josepha Petrona de Todos los Santos Sánchez de Velazco y Trillo de Thompson y Mendeville, better known as Mariquita Sánchez de Thompson (1 November 1786 -- Buenos Aires, 23 October 1868), was a patriot from Buenos Aires and its leading salonnière, whose tertulia gathered all the leading personalities of her time.	Mariquita Sánchez	Buenos Aires
place of death	Ilie Oană (16 August 1918 -- 27 April 1993) was a football player and manager who represented and coached the Romania national football team.	Ilie Oană	Romania
place of death	Esfir Shub (Russian: Эсфи́рь Ильи́нична Шуб; 16 March 1894, Surazh, Russian Empire -- 21 September 1959, Moscow, Soviet Union), also referred to as Esther Il'inichna Shub, was a pioneering Soviet filmmaker and editor in both the mainstream and documentary fields.	Esfir Shub	Moscow
place of death	Alexandr Alexandrovich Fischer von Waldheim (born 20 April 1839 in Moscow, Russian Empire - died 24 February 1920 in Sochi, Russia) was a Russian Botanist.	Alexandr Alexandrovich Fischer von Waldheim	Sochi
place of death	Gottlieb Polak (born January 13, 1883 in Kladruby nad Labem, died July 5, 1942 in Vienna) was Chief Rider and Riding Master of the Spanish Riding School in Vienna during the 1930s, serving until his death in 1942.	Gottlieb Polak	Vienna
place of death	Jan Baptist Xavery (born Antwerp, 30 March 1697 - died The Hague, 19 July 1742) was an 18th-century Flemish sculptor principally active in the Netherlands.	Jan Baptist Xavery	The Hague
place of death	Rosika Schwimmer died of pneumonia on August 3, 1948 in New York City.	Rosika Schwimmer	New York City
place of death	Ayşe Olcay Tiryaki was a professor at the University of Ankara.	Ayşe Olcay Tiryaki	Ankara
place of death	Sister Ita Ford, M.M. (April 23, 1940 -- December 2, 1980) was an American Roman Catholic Maryknoll Sister who served as a missionary in Bolivia, Chile and El Salvador.	Ita Ford	El Salvador
place of death	Duke Charles Louis Frederick of Mecklenburg, Prince of Mirow (German: Herzog Carl Ludwig Friedrich zu Mecklenburg, Prinz von Mirow; 23 February 1708 -- 5 June 1752) was a member of the House of Mecklenburg-Strelitz and the father of Queen Charlotte of the United Kingdom and Queen of Hannover.	Duke Charles Louis Frederick of Mecklenburg	Mirow
place of death	Zsigmond Kisfaludi Strobl ( Alsórajk 1884 - Budapest 1975) was a Hungarian sculptor and artist.	Zsigmond Kisfaludi Strobl	Budapest
place of death	Philip Schuyler was born in Albany, New York, on November 20, 1733, to John (Johannes) Schuyler, Jr. (1697--1741), third generation of the Dutch family in America, and Cornelia Van Cortlandt (1698--1762).	Philip Schuyler	Albany
place of death	Charles Pierre Henri Rieu (June 8, 1820 -- March 19, 1902) was a Swiss Orientalist, for many years Professor of Arabic in London and Cambridge.	Charles Pierre Henri Rieu	London
place of death	Giuseppe Coniglio, known as U poeta, (Pazzano (RC), December 2, 1922 -- Catanzaro, March 13, 2006), was an Italian poet who wrote in Pazzanese, a variety of the Calabrian dialect (language).	Giuseppe Coniglio	Catanzaro
place of death	Born in Pombal, a city set in the semi-arid region of the state of Paraíba, Celso Furtado moved to Rio de Janeiro in 1939, to study Law, and graduated from the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro (UFRJ) in 1944.	Celso Furtado	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	Boris Fraenkel (1921, Free City of Danzig - 23 April 2006, Pont du Garigliano, Paris) was a Communist politician active in French and international politics.	Boris Fraenkel	Paris
place of death	René Kalisky (Brussels, 1936 - Paris, 1981) was a Belgian writer of Polish descent who is best known for the plays he wrote in the last 12 years of his life.	René Kalisky	Paris
place of death	David Ziegler (July 13, 1748 -- September 24, 1811) was a German immigrant to the United States who served in the U.S. military and became the first mayor of Cincinnati, Ohio.	David Ziegler	Cincinnati
place of death	Maximilian Bayer (11 May 1872 in Karlsruhe -- 25 October 1917 in Nomeny) was the founder of Scouting in Germany, along with Alexander Lion.	Maximilian Bayer	Nomeny
place of death	Georg Benedikt Winer (April 13, 1789, Leipzig -- May 12, 1858, Leipzig), German Protestant theologian, known for his linguistic studies of the New Testament.	Georg Benedikt Winer	Leipzig
place of death	Alex Henshaw died at home in Newmarket on 24 February 2007.	Alex Henshaw	Newmarket
place of death	Mae Busch (18 June 1891 -- 20 April 1946) was an Australian film actress who worked in both silent and sound films in early Hollywood.	Mae Busch	Hollywood
place of death	Martin Behrman (14 October 1864 -- 12 January 1926), an American Democratic politician, was the longest-serving mayor in New Orleans history.	Martin Behrman	New Orleans
place of death	Luigi Canina (Casale Monferrato, 1795 -- Florence, 1856) was an Italian archaeologist and architect.	Luigi Canina	Florence
place of death	Ercole Bevilacqua (1554 -- 13 December 1600, Ferrara) was an Italian nobleman, soldier and statesman.	Ercole Bevilacqua	Ferrara
place of death	William Henry Bullock (April 13, 1927 -- April 3, 2011) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Bishop of the Diocese of Madison, Wisconsin from 1993 to 2003.	William Henry Bullock	Madison
place of death	Georg Glockendon the Elder (fl. 1484; died 1514) was a Nuremberg-based woodblock cutter, printer and painter.	Georg Glockendon	Nuremberg
place of death	François Chéreau, also known as François I Chéreau (20 March 1680 Blois - 16 April 1729 Paris) was an engraver of portraits and reproductions of famous works of art during the reign of Louis XIV.	François Chéreau	Paris
place of death	Louis-Antoine Dornel (ca. 1685 -- 1765) was a French composer, harpsichordist, organist and violinist, who lived in Paris.	Louis-Antoine Dornel	Paris
place of death	José Rivera Indarte (Córdoba, 1814 - Santa Catarina, 1845) was an Argentine poet and journalist.	José Rivera Indarte	Santa Catarina
place of death	Karel Šejna (1 November 1896, Zálezly -- 17 December 1982, Prague) was a Czech double bassist and conductor, the principal conductor of the Czech Philharmonic Orchestra in 1950.	Karel Šejna	Prague
place of death	Jürgen Ohlsen died at the age of 77 in Düsseldorf, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany on September 23, 1994.	Jürgen Ohlsen	Düsseldorf
place of death	Pietro Rosa (November 10, 1810, Rome -- August 15, 1891, Rome) was an Italian architect and topographer.	Pietro Rosa	Rome
place of death	Helena Zmatlíková (November 19, 1923, Prague -- April 4, 2005) was a Czech illustrator, especially of children's books.	Helena Zmatlíková	Prague
place of death	Francisco de Orellana (1511, Trujillo, Crown of Castile -- November 1546, Amazon River) was a Spanish explorer and conquistador.	Francisco de Orellana	Amazon
place of death	Marta Pan (12 June 1923, Budapest -- 12 October 2008, Paris) was a French abstract sculptor of Hungarian origin.	Marta Pan	Paris
place of death	Oveta Culp Hobby (January 19, 1905 -- August 16, 1995) was the first secretary of the US Department of Health, Education and Welfare, first director of the Women's Army Corps, and a chairperson of the board of the Houston Post.	Oveta Culp Hobby	Houston
place of death	Charlton Thomas Lewis (born 25 February 1834 in West Chester, Pennsylvania -- died 26 May 1904 in Morristown, New Jersey) was a United States lawyer and author.	Charlton Thomas Lewis	Morristown
place of death	Alena Vostrá (May 17, 1938, Prague -- April 15, 1992, Prague) was a Czech novelist.	Alena Vostrá	Prague
place of death	Christoph Bernhard (1 January 1628 -- 14 November 1692) was born in Kolberg, Pomerania, and died in Dresden.	Christoph Bernhard	Dresden
place of death	Georges Mareschal (8 April 1658, Calais -- 13 December 1736, Château de Bièvres) was a French surgeon.	Georges Mareschal	Bièvres
place of death	Sergio Andreoli (born 3 May 1922 in Capranica; died 18 May 2002 in Viterbo) was an Italian footballer.	Sergio Andreoli	Viterbo
place of death	Rennie Montague Bere CMG (28 November 1907 in Bere Regis, Dorset -- 23 March 1991 in Plymouth, Devon) was a British mountaineer, naturalist and nature conservationist.	Rennie Montague Bere	Plymouth
place of death	Victor Amalric Walter (born Sèvres in 1870 - died at Lury-sur-Arnon in 1959) was a French glass maker mainly known for his pâtes de verre pieces.	Amalric Walter	Lury-sur-Arnon
place of death	Johann Wilhelm Furchheim (Dresden, ca. 1635--1682) was a German violinist, composer and pupil of Heinrich Schütz.	Johann Wilhelm Furchheim	Dresden
place of death	After convincing Nishani to involve himself in what the Communists termed the Anti-Fascist National Liberation War, Hoxha noted that, ``Omer Nishani kept his word and worked in Tirana as a zealous activist of the National Liberation Movement.	Omer Nishani	Tirana
place of death	Louis-Jean Lévesque de Pouilly (1691, Reims - 1750, Paris) was a French philosopher.	Louis-Jean Lévesque de Pouilly	Paris
place of death	Martin Kamen died August 31, 2002, at the age of 89 in Montecito (Santa Barbara), California.	Martin Kamen	Montecito
place of death	Luigi Pichler (January 31, 1773 in Rome -- March 13, 1854 in Rome) was a German-Italian artist in engraved gems.	Luigi Pichler	Rome
place of death	Gaston-François de Witte (12 June 1897, Antwerp -- 1 June 1980, Brussels) was a Belgian herpetologist who discovered and described at least 24 different species of reptiles.	Gaston-François de Witte	Brussels
place of death	Martial Bourdin (1868--1894) was a French anarchist, who died on 15 February 1894 when chemical explosives that he was carrying prematurely detonated outside the Royal Observatory in Greenwich Park.	Martial Bourdin	Greenwich
place of death	Anne Spoerry died in 1999, age 80, after a stroke in Nairobi; she was buried on the island of Lamu.	Anne Spoerry	Nairobi
place of death	Jerzy Nowosielski (January 7, 1923 -- February 21, 2011) was a Kraków-born Polish painter, graphic artist, scenographer, and illustrator.	Jerzy Nowosielski	Kraków
place of death	George Whitman (December 12, 1913 -- December 14, 2011) was the proprietor of the Shakespeare and Company bookstore in Paris, which continues to be a popular tourist attraction.	George Whitman	Paris
place of death	Marie Ernestine Lavieille (or Marie Lavieille) (October 11, 1852 in Barbizon -- November 12, 1937 in Le Mans) was a French painter.	Marie Ernestine Lavieille	Le Mans
place of death	Sidney Arnandan or Arnondrin or Arnondin, better known as Sidney Arodin (March 29, 1901, Westwego, Louisiana - February 6, 1948, New Orleans) was an American jazz clarinetist and songwriter, best known for co-writing the pop standard ``Lazy River'' with Hoagy Carmichael.	Sidney Arodin	New Orleans
place of death	György Lázár signed a treaty in Budapest on 16 September 1977, which initiated the controversial large barrage project of Gabčíkovo--	György Lázár	Budapest
place of death	Friedrich Leo von Rottenberger (3 September 1872, Třebíč -- 27 March 1938, Vienna) was an Austrian gardener and landscape architect.	Friedrich Leo von Rottenberger	Vienna
place of death	Andrea Carlone (16 May 1626 -- 4 April 1697) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in his natal city of Genoa.	Andrea Carlone	Genoa
place of death	Born in Munich, Günther Alois Friedrich Blumentritt was the son of Günther Blumentritt (born 23 June 1859), town planner and a Privy Councilor in Munich and Lina Rückart (born 24 March 1868).	Günther Blumentritt	Munich
place of death	August Rohling (15 February 1839 at Neuenkirchen, Province of Westphalia, Prussia -- 23 January 1931 in Salzburg) was a German Catholic theologian, student of anti-Semitic texts, and polemical author.	August Rohling	Salzburg
place of death	Domenico Mondo (1734 in Capodrise near Caserta -- 1806 in Naples) was an Italian painter, active in both a late Baroque and Neoclassical styles.	Domenico Mondo	Naples
place of death	Ida Roland (* 18 February 1881 in Vienna; † 27 March 1951 in Nyon, Switzerland), born Ida Klausner, was an Austrian and German actress.	Ida Roland	Nyon
place of death	Gilbert De La Matyr (July 8, 1825 Pharsalia, Chenango County, New York - May 17, 1892 Akron, Summit County, Ohio) was an American cleric and politician from New York and Indiana.	Gilbert De La Matyr	Akron
place of death	Agostino Bonalumi (July 10, 1935, Vimercate -- September 18, 2013, Milan) was an Italian painter, draughtsman and sculptor.	Agostino Bonalumi	Vimercate
place of death	Michel-Dimitri Calvocoressi (2 October 1877 in Marseille, France -- 1 February 1944 in London, England) was a multilingual music writer and critic who promoted musicians such as Franz Liszt and Modest Mussorgsky.	Michel-Dimitri Calvocoressi	London
place of death	Bishop Ignatius von Senestréy (b. 13 July 1818, Bärnau, Bavaria, Germany - d. 16 August 1906, Regensburg, Germany) was Bishop of Regensburg, Germany from 1858 to 1906.	Ignatius von Senestréy	Regensburg
place of death	Lionel Rogosin (January 22, 1924, New York City, New York -- December 8, 2000, Los Angeles, California) was an independent American filmmaker.	Lionel Rogosin	Los Angeles
place of death	Juan Félix Sánchez (16 May 1900 -- 18 April 1997) was Andean folk artist born in San Rafael de Mucuchíes, Mérida, Venezuela.	Juan Félix Sánchez	San Rafael de Mucuchíes
place of death	Henry Schultz died on November 26, 1938, near San Diego, California, in a car accident that also killed his wife and his two daughters.	Henry Schultz	San Diego
place of death	Giuseppe Badaracco (1588--1657), also called ``Il Sordo'' (the Deaf), was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Genoa, in Liguria and in the island of Corsica.	Giuseppe Badaracco	Genoa
place of death	Diogo das Chagas, O.F.M. (Diogo of the Holy Wounds); (c. 1584; Santa Cruz das Flores -- c. 1661; Angra do Heroísmo) was a Portuguese Franciscan friar and historian.	Diogo das Chagas	Angra do Heroísmo
place of death	Georges Urbain (12 April 1872 -- 5 November 1938 in Paris) French chemist, professor of Sorbonne.	Georges Urbain	Paris
place of death	Karl Albiker (16 September 1878 in Ühlingen-Birkendorf -- 26 February 1961 in Ettlingen) was a German sculptor, lithographer and teacher of fine arts.	Karl Albiker	Ettlingen
place of death	Gaspard Théodore Mollien (29 August 1796, Paris -- 28 June 1872, Nice) was a French diplomat and explorer.	Gaspard Théodore Mollien	Nice
place of death	Guillaume Coustou the Elder (November 29, 1677, Lyon - February 22, 1746, Paris) was a French sculptor and academician.	Guillaume Coustou the Elder	Paris
place of death	Paolo Magretti (15 December 1854, Milan -- 30 August 1913, Paderno Dugnano) was an Italian entomologist who specialized in Hymenoptera studies.	Paolo Magretti	Paderno Dugnano
place of death	Antonio Bertoloni (February 8, 1775 in Sarzana -- April 17, 1869 in Bologna) was an Italian botanist who made extensive studies of Italian plants.	Antonio Bertoloni	Bologna
place of death	Maxwell Anderson died in Stamford, Connecticut, on February 28, 1959, two days after suffering a stroke.	Maxwell Anderson	Stamford
place of death	Domenico Corvi (1721--1803) was an Italian painter at the close of the 18th century, active in an early Neoclassic style in Rome and surrounding sites.	Domenico Corvi	Rome
place of death	Mohamed Temam or Mohamed Temmam (23 February 1915 Algiers -- 15 July 1988 Algiers) was Algerian miniaturist painter and illuminator.	Mohamed Temam	Algiers
place of death	Pompeo Marchesi (Italian pronunciation: (pomˈpeːo marˈkeːzi); born Saltrio, near Milan, 7 August 1783; died Milan, 6 February 1858) was a Lombard sculptor of the neoclassical school.	Pompeo Marchesi	Milan
place of death	Gustav Lindau (May 2, 1866 in Dessau -- October 10, 1923 in Berlin), was a German mycologist and botanist.	Gustav Lindau	Berlin
place of death	Solomon Stoddard (September 27, 1643, baptized October 1, 1643 -- February 11, 1729) was the pastor of the Congregationalist Church in Northampton, Massachusetts Bay Colony.	Solomon Stoddard	Northampton
place of death	Ulman Stromer (6 January 1329 -- 3 April 1407) was a German long-distance trader, factory owner and councillor of Nuremberg, then a free imperial city of the Holy Roman Empire.	Ulman Stromer	Nuremberg
place of death	Francisco Salamone (June 5, 1897 -- August 8, 1959) was an Argentine architect of Italian descent who, between 1936 and 1940, during the Infamous Decade, built more than 60 municipal buildings with elements of Art Deco style in 25 rural communities on the Argentine Pampas within the Buenos Aires Province.	Francisco Salamone	Buenos Aires
place of death	Judith Sargent Murray died in Natchez, Mississippi, on June 9, 1820 at the age of sixty-nine.	Judith Sargent Murray	Natchez
place of death	Lennart Rodhe enrolled as a student in 1934 at Edward Berggrens studio at Tekniska skolan in Stockholm, and studied under Peter Rostrup-Boyesen i Köpenhamn and at the Royal University College of Fine Arts in Stockholm 1938--44 with Sven X:et Erixon as teacher.	Lennart Rodhe	Stockholm
place of death	Dallas Elmer Chambers, also called Frog and Muffle Jaws Chambers (1897, Bayonne, New Jersey - ca. 1952, Jersey City, New Jersey) was an American jazz trumpeter.	Elmer Chambers	Jersey City
place of death	Henio Zytomirski (Polish: Henio Żytomirski, Hebrew: הניו ז'יטומירסקי‎; 25 March 1933 -- 9 November 1942) was a Polish Jew born in Lublin, Poland who was murdered at the age of 9 in a gas chamber at Majdanek concentration camp, during the German Nazi occupation of Poland.	Henio Zytomirski	Majdanek concentration camp
place of death	Alfred Walter (May 8, 1929 in Volary -- March 7, 2004 in Brussels) was a Bohemian-Austrian conductor.	Alfred Walter	Brussels
place of death	Carl Nicoladoni (April 23, 1847 -- December 4, 1902) was an Austrian surgeon born in Vienna.	Carl Nicoladoni	Vienna
place of death	Dr. Hugo Winzer (b. 1862 -- d. January 13, 1937 in Dresden) was a German pair skater.	Hugo Winzer	Dresden
place of death	Jajur /Minas Avetisyan/ 1987 - Alaverdi 1952- Joined the communist party 2005- Eduard Issabekian lived and worked in the Armenian village Ashtarak)) 2007- August 17 Eduard Isabekyan died.	Eduard Isabekyan	Ashtarak
place of death	Jean Sauvagnargues (2 April 1915, Paris -- 6 August 2002, Lausanne) was a French politician who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs under Valéry Giscard d'Estaing from 1974 to 1976 and was Ambassador to Ethiopia, Tunisia, West Germany and the United Kingdom.	Jean Sauvagnargues	Paris
place of death	Robert Villemain (January 10, 1924 in Paris, France - September 4, 1984 in Montfermeil, France ) was a French boxer.	Robert Villemain	Montfermeil
place of death	Wilhelm E. Heinrich Küster (16 August 1870 in Hanover, 1 Juli 1956 in Görlitz) was a German architect and town officer (1909-1933 as Stadtbaurat of Görlitz).	Heinrich Küster	Görlitz
place of death	John Hosier was born in the north west London suburb of Kingsbury, Middlesex.	John Hosier	London
place of death	Hatcher Hughes (12 February 1881, Polkville, North Carolina -- 19 October 1945, New York City) was an American playwright who lived in Grover, NC, as featured in the book Images of America.	Hatcher Hughes	New York City
place of death	Max Askanazy (24 February 1865, Stallupönen - 23 October 1940, Geneva) was a German-Swiss pathologist.	Max Askanazy	Geneva
place of death	Princess Theresa of Bavaria (German: Therese Charlotte Marianne Auguste von Bayern; 12 November 1850, Munich -- 19 December 1925, Lindau), was a Bavarian princess, ethnologist, zoologist, botanist, travel writer and leader in social care.	Princess Theresa of Bavaria	Lindau
place of death	Pierre-Laurent Brenot died on 8 May 1998, in his estate in Loches.	Pierre-Laurent Brenot	Loches
place of death	William Lyon Phelps (January 2, 1865 New Haven, Connecticut -- August 21, 1943 New Haven, Connecticut) was an American author, critic and scholar.	William Lyon Phelps	New Haven, Connecticut
place of death	Amparo Muñoz came from the town of Vélez-Málaga, Andalusia, where she had won the city title, to compete at the Miss Spain contest held in Lanzarote.	Amparo Muñoz	Málaga
place of death	Adolf Böttger (21 May 1815 in Leipzig -- 16 November 1870 in Gohlis, now part of Leipzig) was a German translator and poet.	Adolf Böttger	Gohlis
place of death	Luis de Molina (September 1535, Cuenca, Spain -- 12 October 1600, Madrid, Spain) was a Spanish Jesuit priest and a staunch Scholastic defender of 'human liberty' in the Divine grace and human liberty controversy of the Renaissance (Molinism).	Luis de Molina	Madrid
place of death	Pasquale Errichelli (also Ericchelli or Enrichelli; 1730--1785) was an Italian composer and organist based in the city of Naples.	Pasquale Errichelli	Naples
place of death	Prospero Orsi, also referred to as Prosperino delle Grottesche (1560s-1630s) was an Italian painter of the late-Mannerist and early-Baroque period, active mainly in Rome.	Prospero Orsi	Rome
place of death	Douglass Montgomery died of spinal cancer in Norwalk, Connecticut, aged 58, on July 23, 1966.	Douglass Montgomery	Norwalk
place of death	Pyotr Nikolayevich Kropotkin (Russian: Пётр Никола́евич Кропо́ткин; November 24, 1910, Moscow - 17 January 1996, Moscow) was a Soviet Russian geologist, tectonician, and geophysicist.	Pyotr Nikolayevich Kropotkin	Moscow
place of death	Jack Hildyard, B.S.C. (17 March 1908, London--September 1990, London) was a British cinematographer who worked on more than 80 films during his career.	Jack Hildyard	London
place of death	Peter Behrens remained head of the Department of Architecture at the Prussian Academy of Arts in Berlin.	Peter Behrens	Berlin
place of death	James Hemming died in Kingston Hospital, Kingston upon Thames, leaving an estate worth £1,615,879 net.	James Hemming	Kingston Hospital
place of death	Jacques Perrin de Brichambaut (18 October 1920, Paris -- 17 March 2007, Paris) was a French ornithologist.	Jacques Perrin de Brichambaut	Paris
place of death	Thomas Ball Barratt (22 July 1862, Cornwall, England -- 29 January 1940, Oslo, Norway) was a British-born Norwegian pastor and founder of the Pentecostal movement in Norway.	Thomas Ball Barratt	Oslo
place of death	Anna Rice Cooke (1853--1934) was a patron of the arts and the founder of the Honolulu Museum of Art.	Anna Rice Cooke	Honolulu
place of death	Branko Miljković (Serbian Cyrillic: Бранко Миљковић) (29 January 1934, in Niš -- 12 February 1961, in Zagreb) was an iconic Serbian poet.	Branko Miljković	Zagreb
place of death	Barbara Buchholz (8 December 1959 -- 10 April 2012) was a Berlin-based German musician and composer.	Barbara Buchholz	Berlin
place of death	Jānis Rozītis (20 March 1913 - 3 May 1942 in Riga, Reichskommissariat Ostland, Nazi Germany) was a Latvian football forward, a two time champion of Latvia and a Latvia national football team regular in mid-1930s.	Jānis Rozītis	Riga
place of death	Johann Baptist Emanuel Pohl (23 February 1782, Česká Kamenice (German: Böhmisch Kamnitz) -- 22 May 1834, Vienna) was an Austrian botanist, entomologist, geologist, and physician.	Johann Baptist Emanuel Pohl	Vienna
place of death	Virginia Haviland died of a stroke on 6 January 1988, in Washington, D.C.	Virginia Haviland	Washington, D.C.
place of death	Dick Whittinghill (March 5, 1913 in Montana -- January 24, 2001 in Los Angeles, California) was an American film and television actor, recording artist and radio DJ in the United States.	Dick Whittinghill	Los Angeles
place of death	Ovid Demaris (6 September 1919 -- 12 March 1998 as Ovide E. Desmarais) was a native of Biddeford, Maine and an author of books and detective stories.	Ovid Demaris	Biddeford, Maine
place of death	Henryk Miłoszewicz (January 27, 1956 in Vilnius - April 5, 2003 in Włocławek) was a Polish football player.	Henryk Miłoszewicz	Włocławek
place of death	Giacomo Rust or Rusti (1741 in Rome, Italy -- 1786 in Barcelona, Spain) was an Italian opera composer, probably of German ancestry.	Giacomo Rust	Barcelona
place of death	William Targ died on July 22, 1999, at the age of 92, in his Manhattan home.	William Targ	Manhattan
place of death	Maria Slavona, born Marie Dorette Caroline Schorer (14 March 1865, Lübeck - 10 May 1931, Berlin) was a German impressionist painter.	Maria Slavona	Berlin
place of death	Ludwig Schmidseder (24 August 1904, in Passau -- 21 June 1971, in Munich) was a German composer and pianist of the ``Light Muse''.	Ludwig Schmidseder	Munich
place of death	Theodor von Frimmel, fully Theodor von Frimmel-Traisenau (December 15, 1853, Amstetten -- December 3, 1928, Vienna) was an Austrian art historian, musicologist and Beethoven biographer.	Theodor von Frimmel	Vienna
place of death	Rudolf Hildebrand was born in Leipzig to typesetter Heinrich Hildebrand and Amalia, born Porges.	Rudolf Hildebrand	Leipzig
place of death	Arman, Museum of Contemporary Art of Teheran, Teheran, Iran Arman, Marlborough New York City 2004 Omaggio ad Arman Arte Silva, Sergno Arman--	Arman	New York City
place of death	Eva Monley died at her home in Nanyuki, Kenya, on November 12, 2011, at the age of 88.	Eva Monley	Nanyuki
place of death	Ahmet Muhtar Merter, also known as Ahmed Muhtar Bey (born ? in İstanbul - died 1959 in Istanbul) was a Turkish irregular fighter in the Turkish War of Independence.	Ahmet Muhtar Merter	Istanbul
place of death	Daniel Sully died on June 25, 1910 at his farm near Woodstock, New York.	Daniel Sully	Woodstock
place of death	Geoffrey Clough Ainsworth (9 October 1905 in Birmingham -- 25 October 1998 in Derby) was a British mycologist and scientific historian.	Geoffrey Clough Ainsworth	Derby
place of death	John Stevens Cabot Abbott died at Fair Haven, Connecticut.	John Stevens Cabot Abbott	Connecticut
place of death	Bertholet Flemalle, Flemal, or Flamael (1614 -- 1675) was a Liège Baroque painter.	Bertholet Flemalle	Liège
place of death	Friedrich Peter (13 July 1921 in Attnang-Puchheim, Upper Austria -- 25 September 2005 in Vienna) was an Austrian politician who served as the chairman of the Freedom Party of Austria from 1958 to 1978.	Friedrich Peter	Vienna
place of death	On March 4, 1944, Louis Capone went to the electric chair at Sing Sing Prison in Ossining, New York.	Louis Capone	Sing Sing
place of death	Johann Friedrich Voltz (31 October 1817, Nördlingen - 25 June 1886, Munich) was a German landscape and animal painter of the Munich School.	Friedrich Voltz	Munich
place of death	On 13 October 1991, Donald Houston died in Coimbra, Portugal at the age of 67.	Donald Houston	Coimbra
place of death	Édouard Harlé (1850, Toulouse -- 1922, Bordeaux) was a French railway engineer (Ingénieur des ponts et chaussées) and prehistorian Édouard Harlé was a Director of the Chemin de Fer du Midi His collections of prehistoric artefacts are held by Muséum d'histoire naturelle de Bordeaux and Muséum de Toulouse.	Édouard Harlé	Bordeaux
position held	Herschel Rosenthal (13 March 1918 -- 19 June 2009) was an American politician who was a member of the California State Assembly from 1974 to 1982 and the California State Senate from 1982 to 1998.	Herschel Rosenthal	member of the California State Assembly
position played on team / speciality	Azlan Ismail (born 3 October 1984, in Tumpat, Kelantan) is a Malaysian footballer currently playing as a forward for T--	Azlan Ismail	forward
present in work	The Thénardiers, commonly known as Monsieur Thénardier (/təˈnɑrdi.eɪ/; French pronunciation: ​(tenaʁdje)) and Madame Thénardier, are fictional characters, the secondary antagonists in Victor Hugo's 1862 novel Les Misérables and in many adaptations of the novel into other media.	Thénardiers	Les Misérables
present in work	Catellus (Welsh: Kadell map Geraint) was a legendary king of the Britons, as recounted in Geoffrey of Monmouth's work Historia Regum Britanniae.	Catellus	Historia Regum Britanniae
present in work	Langston Graham is a fictional recurring character in the NBC television series Chuck.	Langston Graham	Chuck
present in work	Scott Windsor (né Dawson) is a fictional character in the British ITV soap opera Emmerdale.	Scott Windsor	Emmerdale
present in work	Gandiva (IAST: Gāṇḍīva; Sanskrit: गाण्डीव) is the bow of Arjuna, the hero of the Hindu epic Mahabharata.	Gandiva	Mahabharata
present in work	Dr. Adam Heywood is a fictional character in the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street who was portrayed by Leighton Cardno from early 2001 until mid-2003.	Adam Heywood	Shortland Street
present in work	In The Man with the Golden Gun, Bill Tanner is only seen briefly in the film and is not mentioned by name until the end credits.	Bill Tanner	The Man with the Golden Gun
present in work	Sam Aleni is a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street who was portrayed by Rene Naufahu as part of the original cast from 1992 to 1996.	Sam Aleni	Shortland Street
present in work	Arthur Poe (often referred to as Mr. Poe) is a fictional character in Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events series.	Arthur Poe	A Series of Unfortunate Events
present in work	Tahmeena, Tahmina, Tehmina or Tahmineh (Persian: تَهمينه‎) is a female character in the story, Rostam and Sohrab, part of the 10th-century Persian epic of Shahnameh.	Tahmina	Shahnameh
present in work	Damon Salvatore is a fictional character in The Vampire Diaries novel series.	Damon Salvatore	The Vampire Diaries
present in work	Emma Peel is a fictional spy played by Diana Rigg in the British 1960s adventure television series The Avengers, by Diane Appleby in the South African radio series of The Avengers (1971--73), and by Uma Thurman in the 1998 film version of the show.	Emma Peel	The Avengers
present in work	The Man from Another Place (played by Michael J. Anderson) is a character from the television series Twin Peaks, created by David Lynch and Mark Frost.	The Man from Another Place	Twin Peaks
present in work	Le Chiffre (French pronunciation: ​(lə ʃifʁ), The Cypher or The Number) is a fictional character appearing in Ian Fleming's 1953 first James Bond novel, Casino Royale.	Le Chiffre	Casino Royale
present in work	Sudabeh is a fictional character in the Persian epic Shahnameh.	Sudabeh	Shahnameh
present in work	Ruins of Myth Drannor, and Spellfire.	Myth Drannor	Spellfire
present in work	In the Smallville episode ``Absolute Justice'', Hawkgirl's weaponry and mask are on display at the JSA brownstone.	Hawkgirl	Smallville
present in work	In The Transformers: The Movie, Blitzwing was present at the Battle of Autobot City, targeting Hot Rod and Daniel Witwicky.	Blitzwing	The Transformers: The Movie
present in work	Jackson Avery, M.D. is a fictional character from ABC prime time medical drama, Grey's Anatomy, portrayed by actor Jesse Williams.	Jackson Avery	Grey's Anatomy
present in work	Liu Tang is a fictional character in Water Margin, one of the Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese literature.	Liu Tang	Water Margin
present in work	Shi Xiangyun (Chinese: 史湘雲; Pinyin: Shǐ Xiāngyún) is a major fictional character in Dream of the Red Chamber.	Shi Xiangyun	Dream of the Red Chamber
present in work	Marc MacKenzie was a fictional character in UK soap opera Family Affairs, played first by Michael Wildman from 2003 to 2004 and then by Graham Bryan in 2005 up until the final episode.	Marc MacKenzie	Family Affairs
present in work	Gill-man, commonly referred to as the The Creature, is the lead antagonist of the 1954 black-and-white science fiction film Creature from the Black Lagoon and its two sequels Revenge of the Creature (1955) and The Creature Walks Among Us (1956).	Gill-man	Creature from the Black Lagoon	Revenge of the Creature	The Creature Walks Among Us
present in work	Elena Gilbert is a fictional character and protagonist from The Vampire Diaries (novel series).	Elena Gilbert	The Vampire Diaries
present in work	Atia of the Julii is a character from the HBO/BBC/RAI original television series Rome, played by Polly Walker from 2005 to 2007.	Atia of the Julii	Rome
present in work	Mike Novick is a fictional character played by Jude Ciccolella as part of the television series, 24.	Mike Novick	24
present in work	Cherin was a legendary king of the Britons as recounted in Geoffrey of Monmouth's Historia Regum Britanniae.	Cherin	Historia Regum Britanniae
present in work	Assistant District Attorney Claire Kincaid is a fictional character on the television series Law & Order, played by Jill Hennessy from 1993 to 1996.	Claire Kincaid	Law & Order
publication date	Raththa Dhanam (Tamil: ரத்ததானம்) is a 1988 Indian Tamil film, directed by Sivachandran and produced by Sivachandran and Lakshmi.	Raththa Dhanam	1988
publication date	Goat Story 2 (Czech: Kozí příběh se sýrem) is a 2012 Czech 3D computer-animated comedy feature film.	Goat Story 2	2012
publication date	The Ministry of Defence Police Act 1987 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which came into full force on 5 May 1987.	Ministry of Defence Police	1987
publication date	Ancestors: 900 Years in the Life of a Chinese Family is a book first published in 1988 written by the Hong Kong-based journalist Frank Ching, in which he tells the story of his ancestors in the Qin (秦) family, beginning with the 11th-century Song dynasty poet Qin Guan.	Ancestors: 900 Years in the Life of a Chinese Family	1988
publication date	Qerq is a Maltese thriller released in 2007.	Qerq	2007
publication date	The Man from Button Willow is a 1965 American animated Western film about the adventures of Justin Eagle, the first U.S. Government Agent.	The Man from Button Willow	1965
publication date	Wang-geon, the Great (Korean: 태조 왕건) is a 1970 South Korean film directed by Choi In-hyeon, depicting the life of Wang-geon who ruled the Goryeo Dynasty.	Wang-geon, the Great	1970
publication date	The Great Riviera Bank Robbery (1979), also known as Dirty Money, is a motion picture written and directed by Francis Megahy.	The Great Riviera Bank Robbery	1979
publication date	Behind the Green Door is a 1972 American feature-length pornographic film, widely considered one of the genre's ``classic'' pictures and one of the films that ushered in The Golden Age of Porn.	Behind the Green Door	1972
publication date	I, Ball is a shoot 'em up computer game published for the Amstrad CPC, Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum in 1987 by Firebird.	I, Ball	1987
publication date	Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See? is a children's picture book published in 1967.	Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See?	1967
publication date	The Unearthing is a 2015 American coming of age drama film by Tristan James Jensen and stars Riley Yeary, Angelina Masciopinto, and Kaleb Miller in the lead roles.	The Unearthing	2015
publication date	The Insatiable Moon is a 2010 New Zealand drama film, based on a 1997 novel of the same name by Mike Riddell, who also wrote the screenplay.	The Insatiable Moon	2010
publication date	BeamWars is a Macintosh snake game released as shareware in 1992 by Steve Crutchfield.	BeamWars	1992
publication date	Il secondo tragico Fantozzi (The Second Tragic Fantozzi) is an Italian comedy film released in 1976.	Il secondo tragico Fantozzi	1976
publication date	King of the Doghouse is the first solo album by Francis Rossi, best known as the front man in the English Rock band Status Quo, which was released in 1996.	King of the Doghouse	1996
publication date	Chicago Overcoat is a 2009 American gangster film.	Chicago Overcoat	2009
publication date	Tongue of the Fatman (also known as Mondu's Fight Palace on the Commodore 64, Fatman for its Japanese release, and Slaughter Sport in its Sega Genesis iteration) is a 1989 fighting game developed by Activision and published by Sanritsu.	Tongue of the Fatman	1989
publication date	Cartoonists - Foot Soldiers of Democracy (French: Caricaturistes - Fantassins de la démocratie) is a 2014 documentary film directed by Stéphanie Valloatto about 12 cartoonists around the world who risk their lives to defend democracy.	Cartoonists - Foot Soldiers of Democracy	2014
publication date	The Sword with No Name (Hangul: 불꽃처럼 나비처럼; RR: Bulkkotcheoreom Nabicheoreom; literally ``Like Fireworks, Like Butterflies'') is a 2009 South Korean film based on a fictionalized account of Empress Myeongseong.	The Sword with No Name	2009
publication date	Inside Deep Throat is a 2005 American documentary film about the 1972 pornographic film Deep Throat, at the forefront of the Golden Age of Porn, and its effects on American society.	Inside Deep Throat	2005
publication date	Receiving positive notices for Adam's Rib, Holliday was cast in the 1950 film version of Born Yesterday, for which she won the Academy Award for Best Actress.	Adam's Rib	1950
publication date	Friends from France (French: Les Interdits) is a 2013 French drama film written and directed by Anne Weil and Philippe Kotlarski.	Friends from France	2013
publication date	Shanghai Chest is a 1948 American film featuring Roland Winters in his third appearance as Charlie Chan.	Shanghai Chest	1948
publication date	The Babysitters is a 2007 independent drama film directed by David Ross.	The Babysitters	2007
publication date	Emmett's Mark is a 2002 American thriller film directed by Keith Snyder and starring Scott Wolf, Khandi Alexander, Talia Balsam, Sarah Clarke, John Doman, with Tim Roth and Gabriel Byrne.	Emmett's Mark	2002
publication date	O Menino no Espelho (The Boy in the Mirror) is a 2014 Brazilian fantasy adventure drama film directed by Guilherme Fiúza Zenha, based on the book of the same name by Fernando Sabino.	O Menino no Espelho	2014
publication date	Life After Beth is a 2014 American zombie comedy film written and directed by Jeff Baena.	Life After Beth	2014
publication date	Beans and Fatback is the 1973 release by pioneer rock and roll guitarist and Shawnee Indian Link Wray.	Beans and Fatback	1973
publication date	For the Love of Benji is the sequel to the original movie, featuring Benji the dog and released in 1977.	For the Love of Benji	1977
publication date	A Small Domain is a 1996 short film written and directed by Britta Sjogren.	A Small Domain	1996
publication date	Africa Squeaks is a 1940 American animated cartoon in the Looney Tunes series starring Porky Pig.	Africa Squeaks	1940
publication date	Under the Lighthouse Dancing is a 1997 Australian romantic drama film directed by Graeme Rattigan, based on a true story.	Under the Lighthouse Dancing	1997
publication date	The Bewitched House (Spanish:La casa embrujada) is a 1944 Mexican mystery film directed by Fernando A. Rivero and starring David T. Bamberg and Katy Jurado.	The Bewitched House	1944
publication date	36 Deadly Styles is a 1980 independent released martial arts film directed by Joseph Kuo starring Jack Long, Mark Long, and Hwang Jang Lee.	36 Deadly Styles	1980
publication date	Oka Oori Katha (English title: The Marginal Ones; Telugu: ఒక ఊరి కథ) is a 1977 Telugu film directed by Mrinal Sen. It is based on the story Kafan by Munshi Premchand.	Oka Oori Katha	1977
publication date	Manikyakottaram is a 1966 Indian Malayalam film, directed by U Rajagopal and produced by HH Abdulla Settu.	Manikyakottaram	1966
publication date	Oorige Upakari (Kannada: ಊರಿಗೆ ಉಪಕಾರಿ) is a 1982 Indian Kannada film, directed by Joe Simon and produced by A. Radhakrishna Raju and V. L. Srinivasa Murthy.	Oorige Upakari	1982
publication date	The Adventures of Sanmao the Waif (三毛流浪记) is a 1949 film version of the orphan Sanmao comic directed by Zhao Ming.	The Adventures of Sanmao the Waif	1949
publication date	Ishtadanam is a 1997 Indian Malayalam film directed by Remesh Kumar and starring Jagathy Sreekumar and Innocent in the lead roles.	Ishtadanam	1997
publication date	The Adventures of a Two-Minute Werewolf, also called The Adventures of a 2-Minute Werewolf is a 1985 television film produced by ABC television as part of its ABC Weekend Special series (an after school special).	The Adventures of a Two-Minute Werewolf	1985
publication date	Say You Want Me is a 1977 Australian film about a woman who is raped by one of her husband's business associates.	Say You Want Me	1977
publication date	The Perfect Assistant is a 2008 American-Canadian made-for-television Drama film starring Josie Davis and Chris Potter .	The Perfect Assistant	2008
publication date	Assal Eswed (Arabic: عسل إسود‎ ; English: Molasses) is a 2010 Egyptian Comedy film.	Assal Eswed	2010
publication date	The Exploits of the Emden is a 1928 silent Australian film about the Battle of Cocos; the World War I naval battle between Australian cruiser HMAS Sydney and German cruiser SMS Emden.	The Exploits of the Emden	1928
publication date	Temporary Freedom is a 2008 Moroccan film.	Temporary Freedom	2008
publication date	Freeze! is a puzzle video game developed by Frozen Gun Games and released in November 2012 for iOS and Android.	Freeze!	November 2012
publication date	Aloha, Bobby and Rose is a 1975 American road drama film about a young working-class couple who accidentally cause the death of a store clerk during their first date, and go on the run from the law.	Aloha, Bobby and Rose	1975
publication date	Kumari Mon (1962) Bengali film directed by Chitrarath.	Kumari Mon	1962
publication date	Jungle Warriors, also called The Czar of Brazil (Euer Weg führt durch die Hölle, ``Your Path Leads Through Hell'', in Germany) is an action film, released in the United States on November 1984.	Jungle Warriors	1984
publication date	Teens in the Universe (Russian: Отроки во вселенной, translit. Otroki vo vselennoy) is a Soviet 1974 film directed by Richard Viktorov based on a script by Isai Kuznetsov and Avenir Zak about teens in the universe.	Teens in the Universe	1974
publication date	Juarez 2045 is scheduled to be released on June 30, 2015.	Juarez 2045	2015
publication date	Mortimer Griffin and Shalinsky is a 1985 short film written by Academy Award winning screenwriter Mordecai Richler about an eccentric Jewish intellectual that accuses his teacher of hiding his Jewish identity.	Mortimer Griffin and Shalinsky	1985
publication date	Mozilla Firefox 3.6 is a version of the Firefox web browser released in January 2010.	Firefox 3.6	January 2010
publication date	The Spy with My Face is a 1965 spy-fi spy film based on The Man from U.N.C.L.E. television series.	The Spy with My Face	1965
publication date	Citizen Cohn is a 1992 cable film covering the life of Joseph McCarthy's controversial chief counsel Roy Cohn.	Citizen Cohn	1992
publication date	Nee Venunda Chellam is a 2006 Indian Tamil film, written and directed by L. Venkatesan, starring Githan Ramesh, Gajala and Namitha in lead roles, with Thilakan, Vivek and Vincent Asokan playing supporting roles.	Nee Venunda Chellam	2006
publication date	Supporting Roles (Spanish: Papeles secundarios) is a 1989 Cuban drama film directed by Orlando Rojas.	Supporting Roles	1989
publication date	Fuego en el alma (Fire in the Soul) is a 2005 Puerto Rican film production.	Fuego en el alma	2005
publication date	One Night in Vegas is a 2013 Nigerian comedy drama film directed by John Uche.	One Night in Vegas	2013
publication date	Silent Night, Deadly Night Part 2 is a 1987 slasher film written and directed by Lee Harry, and co-written by Joseph H. Earle.	Silent Night, Deadly Night Part 2	1987
publication date	Evano Oruvan (Tamil: எவனோ ஒருவன்) (English: Some One) is a 2007 Tamil drama film directed by Nishikanth Kamat who made his debut in the Tamil film industry with the film.	Evano Oruvan	2007
publication date	The Nasty Girl (German: Das schreckliche Mädchen) is a 1990 West German drama film based on the true story of Anna Rosmus from Passau, Bavaria.	The Nasty Girl	1990
publication date	Good Gracious, Annabelle is a lost 1919 American silent society comedy film starring Billie Burke.	Good Gracious, Annabelle	1919
publication date	John Peel's Record Box is a documentary film made by Elaine Shepherd, released on 14 November 2005 on Channel 4.	John Peel's Record Box	2005
publication date	The Nexus 9 was announced on 15 October 2014, with pre-orders available on 17 October and was released on 3 November 2014.	Nexus 9	3 November 2014
publication date	Gbomo Gbomo Express is a 2015 Nigerian caper comedy film, written and directed by Walter Taylaur.	Gbomo Gbomo Express	2015
publication date	American Cowslip is a 2009 independent feature film by director Mark David.	American Cowslip	2009
publication date	Hazaar Chaurasi Ki Maa (1998) (Hindi: हज़ार चौरासी की माँ; English: The Mother of 1084) is an Indian feature film that deals with the life of a woman who loses her son, a Naxalite, to the violence that is a result of his adopted ideology.	Hazaar Chaurasi Ki Maa	1998
publication date	The Heart Raider is a 1923 silent film romantic comedy produced by Famous Players-Lasky and released by Paramount Pictures.	The Heart Raider	1923
publication date	How Wikipedia Works is a 2008 book by Phoebe Ayers, Charles Matthews, and Ben Yates.	How Wikipedia Works	2008
publication date	The Entitled is a 2011 hostage suspense film written by William Morrissey.	The Entitled	2011
publication date	Happy Sixteen (俏皮女學生, Chiu pei nui hok sang) is a 1982 Hong Kong film directed by Johnny Mak.	Happy Sixteen	1982
publication date	The Future of Food is a 2004 American documentary film written and directed by Deborah Koons Garcia to describe an investigation into unlabeled, patented, genetically engineered foods sold in grocery stores in the United States for the past decade.	The Future of Food	2004
publication date	Fury on Wheels, also known as Jump, is a 1971 American car racing film.	Fury on Wheels	1971
publication date	The Beginning Vol. 5 is the first and only single disc compilation released by Frijid Pink in 1973.	The Beginning Vol. 5	1973
publication date	The Devil's Cargo is a lost 1925 American silent film produced by Famous Players-Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures.	The Devil's Cargo	1925
publication date	The Redwoods is a 1967 American short documentary film produced by Trevor Greenwood and Mark Jonathan Harris.	The Redwoods	1967
publication date	Aliens vs. Avatars is a 2011 science fiction film directed by Lewis Schoenbrun.	Aliens vs. Avatars	2011
publication date	The Galaxy on Earth (Chinese: 天河) is a 2014 Chinese drama film directed by Ning Haiqiang and Shen Dong.	The Galaxy on Earth	2014
publication date	The Midnight Message is a 1926 silent film drama produced and released by an independent producer.	The Midnight Message	1926
publication date	Karnaparvam is a 1977 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Babu Nanthankodu and produced by Babu Nanthankodu.	Karnaparvam	1977
publication date	High School Hellcats is an American black-and-white 1958 film about a high school girl gang.	High School Hellcats	1958
publication date	Smash Palace is a New Zealand feature film, released in 1981.	Smash Palace	1981
publication date	Martin Roumagnac (also known as The Room Upstairs) is a 1946 French crime film made by Alcina and distributed by Lopert Film.	Martin Roumagnac	1946
publication date	Firecrosser (Ukrainian: Той, хто пройшов крізь вогонь) is a 2011 Ukrainian drama film directed by Mykhailo Illienko.	Firecrosser	2011
publication date	Çilgin kiz ve üç süper adam is a 1973 Turkish film directed by Cavit Yürüklü.	Çilgin kiz ve üç süper adam	1973
publication date	The Story of Gilbert and Sullivan is a 1953 British technicolor film that dramatises the story of the collaboration between W. S. Gilbert and Arthur Sullivan.	The Story of Gilbert and Sullivan	1953
publication date	Take It Out in Trade is a 1970 softcore pornographic comedy, written and directed by Edward D. Wood, Jr. The plot centers on a couple who hire a private investigator (Michael Donovan O'Donnell) to locate their missing daughter.	Take It Out in Trade	1970
publication date	Kalaignarin Ilaignan (Tamil: இளைஞன், English: Youth) is a 2011 Tamil-language film directed by Suresh Krishna, who directs his 50th film, and written by DMK Chief and the then Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu Kalaignar M. Karunanidhi based on the Russian novel, The Mother, by Maxim Gorky.	Ilaignan	2011
publication date	Divine Waters is a documentary film released in 1985 (shot in 1981) starring Divine and John Waters as themselves, along with Waters' father John Waters Sr. and sister Trish Waters.	Divine Waters	1985
publication date	Dad's Home is a 2010 romantic drama film directed by Bradford May after a screenplay written by Adam Rockoff.	Dad's Home	2010
publication date	Queen of the Damned is a 2002 vampire horror film, and a loose adaptation of the third novel of Anne Rice's The Vampire Chronicles series, The Queen of the Damned, although the film contains many plot elements from the latter novel's predecessor, The Vampire Lestat.	Queen of the Damned	2002
publication date	Confrontation at Concordia was selected as the best international documentary at the 2003 New York International Independent Film and Video Festival.	Confrontation at Concordia	2003
publication date	Martian Memorandum is a dystopian cyberpunk/noir graphic adventure game that was originally released in 1991 for the MS-DOS.	Martian Memorandum	1991
publication date	Caught in the Crossfire is 2010 American crime drama film directed by Brian A Miller.	Caught in the Crossfire	2010
publication date	The Road We've Traveled is a 2012 documentary film about the events of Barack Obama's presidency.	The Road We've Traveled	2012
publication date	Actual Size is the sixth album by the American rock band Mr. Big, originally released in August 2001.	Actual Size	August 2001
publication date	Always a New Beginning is a 1974 American documentary film directed by John D. Goodell, about the founding and operation of The Institutes for the Achievement of Human Potential.	Always a New Beginning	1974
publication date	Carl Gustav, gjengen og parkeringsbandittene (Carl Gustav, the Gang and the Parking Bandits) is a Norwegian children's mystery film from 1982.	Carl Gustav, gjengen og parkeringsbandittene	1982
publication date	8:46 is a 2011 drama film that simulates the moments of the September 11, 2001 attacks on the United States.	8:46	2011
publication date	Mister Smile is a 1999 American animated short film directed by Fran Krause while he was attending Rhode Island School of Design.	Mister Smile	1999
publication date	Glass Jaw (Original title: Lasileuka) is a 2004 Finnish short drama film directed by Zaida Bergroth.	Glass Jaw	2004
publication date	The Mighty Peking Man (猩猩王) (Mandarin: Xingxing Wang - literally 'King of the Orangutans') is a 1977 monster film produced by Shaw Brothers Studio to capitalize on the craze surrounding the 1976 remake of King Kong.	The Mighty Peking Man	1976
publication date	Un Soir de Joie (French; literally ``An Evening of Joy'') is a Belgian comic film, directed by Gaston Schoukens and released in 1955.	Un Soir de Joie	1955
publication date	A Foundling, also known as The Mojave Experiment, is an American feature film which premiered at the 13th Annual Dances With Films film festival in 2010.	A Foundling	2010
publication date	Sri Dharmasthala Mahathme (Kannada: ಶ್ರೀ ಧರ್ಮಸ್ಥಳ ಮಹಾತ್ಮೆ) is a 1962 Indian Kannada film, directed by D. Shankar Singh and produced by D Shankar Singh.	Sri Dharmasthala Mahathme	1962
publication date	The Gun Runner is a 1969 action movie.	The Gun Runner	1969
publication date	Temporada de patos (released as Duck Season in the United States) is a 2004 Mexican film.	Temporada de patos	2004
publication date	7 dní hříchů (English: 7 days of sins) is a 2012 Czech historical drama film directed by Jiří Chlumský.	7 dní hříchů	2012
publication date	Donald and Pluto is a 1936 animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and distributed by United Artists.	Donald and Pluto	1936
publication date	The Lancaster Miller Affair is a 1985 Australian mini series about the relationship between Bill Lancaster and Jessie Miller.	The Lancaster Miller Affair	1985
publication date	Grace Unplugged is a 2013 Christian musical drama film.	Grace Unplugged	2013
publication date	Le Grand Charles is a 2006 French TV Mini-Series on the life of Charles de Gaulle from 1939 to 1959, written and directed by Bernard Stora.	Le Grand Charles	2006
publication date	Shadows in the Storm is a 1988 drama/thriller film by Terrell Tannen.	Shadows in the Storm	1988
publication date	Tři oříšky pro Popelku (German: Drei Haselnüsse für Aschenbrödel, English: Three Nuts for Cinderella, Three Gifts for Cinderella (UK title) and Three Wishes for Cinderella) is a Czechoslovak/East German fairy-tale film from 1973.	Tři oříšky pro Popelku	1973
publication date	East Coasting is an album by Charles Mingus, recorded and released in 1957.	East Coasting	1957
publication date	Looking for Angelina was a 2005 Canadian drama film based on the murder case involving Angelina Napolitano.	Looking for Angelina	2005
publication date	Virtual Sexuality is a 1999 film about a young woman who designs the perfect man at a virtual reality convention, but then an accident occurs causing the man to be brought to life.	Virtual Sexuality	1999
publication date	Muppets from Space is a 1999 American science fiction comedy film and the sixth feature film to star The Muppets, and the first since the death of Muppets creator Jim Henson to have an original Muppet-focused plot.	Muppets from Space	1999
publication date	April Maze is a 1930 short animated cartoon featuring Felix the Cat.	April Maze	1930
publication date	The Incredible 2-Headed Transplant is a 1971 science fiction/horror film directed by Anthony Lanza.	The Incredible 2-Headed Transplant	1971
publication date	Rahul's Arranged Marriage, is a 2005 silent Canadian film directed and produced by Anant Mathur, and is a short film.	Rahul's Arranged Marriage	2005
publication date	Swarnavigraham is a 1974 Indian Malayalam film, directed and produced by Mohan Gandhiraman .	Swarnavigraham	1974
publication date	The Miracle Piano Teaching System is a MIDI keyboard/teaching tool created in 1990 by The Software Toolworks for the NES and SNES, Apple Macintosh, Amiga, Sega Genesis and PC.	Miracle Piano Teaching System	1990
publication date	The End of the River (1947) is a British film made in Brazil about a South American Indian boy who leaves the jungle to the city, where he is accused of murder.	The End of the River	1947
publication date	Jazz in Turkey is a 2013 documentary directed by Batu Akyol.	Jazz in Turkey	2013
publication date	A Fire in the Sky is a made-for-television disaster movie that debuted on NBC on November 26, 1978.	A Fire in the Sky	1978
publication date	All a Bir-r-r-d is a Warner Bros. Looney Tunes cartoon released in 1950, featuring Tweety, Sylvester and an unnamed bulldog, who would later become known as Hector the Bulldog.	All a Bir-r-r-d	1950
publication date	Band and Battalion of the U.S. Indian School is silent film documentary made on April 30, 1901 by American Mutoscope and Biograph Company made in Carlisle, Pennsylvania, USA.	Band and Battalion of the U.S. Indian School	1901
publication date	Northern Comfort is a 2010 American improvisational film starring Rod Webber and Greta Gerwig.	Northern Comfort	2010
publication date	Hosa Neeru (Kannada: ಹೊಸ ನೀರು) is a 1986 Kannada film directed by K. V. Jayaram and is written by K. V. Raju.	Hosa Neeru	1986
publication date	A Touch of Grey is a 2009 Canadian dramatic narrative film.	A Touch of Grey	2009
publication date	Made in Hungaria is 2009 Hungarian comedy-musical film written by István Tasnádi, Klós Fenyõ and Norbert Köbli and directed by Gergely Fonyó.	Made in Hungaria	2009
publication date	Kitten with a Whip is a 1964 crime drama with an exploitative, juvenile delinquent overlay.	Kitten with a Whip	1964
publication date	Four Fast Guns is a 1960 American Western film directed by William J. Hole Jr. and written by James Edmiston and Dallas Gaultois.	Four Fast Guns	1960
publication date	The Impatient Patient is a Warner Bros. Looney Tunes cartoon released in theatres in 1942, directed by Norman McCabe and features Daffy Duck as a telegram deliverer.	The Impatient Patient	1942
publication date	Mangala Muhurta (Kannada: ಮಂಗಳ ಮುಹೂರ್ತ) is a 1964 Indian Kannada film, directed by M R Vittal and produced by U Subba Rao.	Mangala Muhurta	1964
publication date	Sri Lokanath (1960) is an Odia film directed by Prafulla Sengupta, and based on the story by Aswini Kumar Ghosh.	Sri Lokanath	1960
publication date	Buddy's Day Out is an American animated short film released by Warner Bros. on September 9, 1933.	Buddy's Day Out	1933
publication date	Operation Duryodhana 2 is a 2013 Telugu Political film, produced by AB Srinivas and directed by Nandam Harishchandra Rao.	Operation Duryodhana 2	2013
publication date	Stan Lee's Mutants, Monsters & Marvels is a 2002 American documentary film produced by Creative Light Entertainment consisting of an interview of Marvel Comics publisher Stan Lee by film director Kevin Smith.	Stan Lee's Mutants, Monsters & Marvels	2002
publication date	Lies and Crimes is a 2007 television film starring Estella Warren, Tamara Hope, James McGowan and Joe MacLeod.	Lies and Crimes	2007
publication date	Bad Parents is a 2012 comedy film written and directed by Caytha Jentis and starring Janeane Garofalo.	Bad Parents	2012
publication date	Pardon My Backfire premiered on August 15, 1953 with the 3D Columbia western The Stranger Wore a Gun.	Pardon My Backfire	1953
publication date	Stereoblood (Russian: Odinochestvo krovi, also released as Solitude of Blood) is a 2002 Russian thriller film directed by Roman Prygunov.	Stereoblood	2002
publication date	Pope Dreams, also known as Music for My Mother, is a 2006 film written and directed by Patrick Hogan.	Pope Dreams	2006
publication date	His Birthright is a 1918 American drama film directed by William Worthington for Haworth Pictures Corporation.	His Birthright	1918
publication date	Le Paria (English: The Pariah) is a French action film from 1969.	Le Paria	1969
publication date	Save KLSD is a 2012 documentary film about the history and effects of media consolidation on democracy in the United States.	Save KLSD	2012
publication date	Three Steps North is a 1951 Italian--	Three Steps North	1951
publication date	The Wise Quacking Duck is a 1943 Looney Tunes cartoon released by Warner Bros. on May 1, 1943.	The Wise Quacking Duck	1943
publication date	Anime Himitsu no Hanazono is an anime series televised from 1991 to 1992.	Anime Himitsu no Hanazono	1991
publication date	American Dreamz is a 2006 comedy/parody film that satirizes both American politics and popular entertainment.	American Dreamz	2006
publication date	The Homicide Squad is a 1931 American Pre-Code police drama based on a 1928 Henry La Cossitt short story that originally ran in Adventure magazine.	The Homicide Squad	1931
publication date	Native Silence is a 2013 documentary short film telling the story of two Native Americans from Minnesota who were taken away from their families at a young age.	Native Silence	2013
publication date	Ollie Hopnoodle's Haven of Bliss (1988) is a television comedy film written by Jean Shepherd and directed by Dick Bartlett, based on the 1968 short story by Shepherd.	Ollie Hopnoodle's Haven of Bliss	1988
publication date	A State of Vine is a 2007 American documentary film about winemaking.	A State of Vine	2007
publication date	The Bronx Executioner is the English title of the Italian cyborg film, Il Giustiziere del Bronx, released in 1989.	The Bronx Executioner	1989
publication date	To Play or to Die (Dutch: Spelen of Sterven) is a 1990 Dutch gay-related psychological drama film directed by Frank Krom in his directorial debut and co-written by Krom and Anne van de Putte based on a story by Anna Blaman.	To Play or to Die	1990
publication date	``Expanding Human'' is an episode of the original The Outer Limits television show, first broadcast on 10 October 1964, during the second season.	Expanding Human	1964
publication date	Stolen Sweeties is a 1924 2-reel short comedy silent film directed by Philadelphian director, Benjamin Stoloff.	Stolen Sweeties	1924
publication date	Mayor Nair is a 1966 Indian Malayalam film, directed by SR Puttanna and produced by PA Thangal.	Mayor Nair	1966
publication date	Pasupathi c/o Rasakkapalayam is a Tamil language film directed by K. Selva Bharathy and released on 5 October 2007.	Pasupathi c/o Rasakkapalayam	2007
publication date	Lost Things is a 2004 Australian suspense film about four friends who go away to the beach for the weekend.	Lost Things	2004
publication date	Check Man is an arcade game released by Zilec-Zenitone in 1982.	Check Man	1982
publication date	The Wild Thornberrys Movie is a 2002 American animated adventure comedy-drama film based on the The Wild Thornberrys television series.	The Wild Thornberrys Movie	2002
publication date	Vadacurry is a 2014 Indian Tamil comedy-thriller film written and directed by debutant Saravana Rajan.	Vadacurry	2014
publication date	The Compulsory Husband is a 1930 British comedy film directed by Monty Banks and Harry Lachman and starring Banks, Lillian Manton and Clifford Heatherley.	The Compulsory Husband	1930
publication date	Powder Town is a 1942 comedy about an eccentric scientist thrust into danger and romance.	Powder Town	1942
publication date	En Purushan Kuzhandhai Maadhiri (English: My Husband is Like a Child) is a 2001 Tamil film directed by S. P. Rajkumar.	En Purushan Kuzhandhai Maadhiri	2001
publication date	Searching for the Wrong-Eyed Jesus is a 2003 documentary film starring Jim White.	Searching for the Wrong-Eyed Jesus	2003
publication date	Consuming Passion is a 2008 British drama which features three interwoven stories celebrating the centenary of the publishing house Mills and Boon.	Consuming Passion	2008
publication date	Life in Park Street is a 2012 Bengali film directed by Raj Mukherjee.	Life in Park Street	2012
publication date	Sati Sulochana (Kannada: ಸತಿ ಸುಲೋಚನ) is an 1934 Indian Kannada-language film directed by Y. V. Rao.	Sati Sulochana	1934
publication date	It was published in two books, The Wonderful Adventures of Nils in 1906 and Further Adventures of Nils in 1907.	The Wonderful Adventures of Nils	1906	1907
publication date	Come Rain or Shine is a 1992 Australian film about a man who becomes obsessed with a mysterious woman.	Come Rain or Shine	1992
publication date	Shopaholic Abroad (also known as Shopaholic Takes Manhattan) (2001) is the second in the Shopaholic series.	Shopaholic Abroad	2001
publication date	A Shot in the West is a 2006 low budget short film shot in the rundown council estate of Drumchapel, Glasgow.	A Shot in the West	2006
publication date	Mayanginen Thayanginen is a 2012 Tamil thriller film written and directed by T. S. Vendan, who earlier directed Shaam, Sneha starrer Inba.	Mayanginen Thayanginen	2012
publication date	Ballistix is a video game created by Martin Edmondson for the Amiga and Atari ST and published by Psyclapse in 1989.	Ballistix	1989
publication date	Who's Quentin? is a 2005 Luxembourgish film written and directed by Sacha Bachim.	Who's Quentin?	2005
publication date	Flying G-Men is a 15-episode 1939 Columbia Film serial.	Flying G-Men	1939
publication date	Twin Cobra II, released in Japan as Kyukyoku Tiger II (究極タイガーII Kyūkyoku Taigā Tsū), is a 1996 scrolling shooter developed by Takumi and published by Taito for the arcades.	Twin Cobra II	1996
publication date	Juke-Bar is a 1989 stop motion musical animated short about cockroaches who party inside a jukebox.	Juke-Bar	1989
publication date	Do Nambar Ke Amir is a 1974 Bollywood social drama film directed by P.D. Shenoy.	Do Nambar Ke Amir	1974
publication date	Asterisked works are now considered 'secondary continuity' -- that is, that their events exist in the continuity of Robotech, but 'don't count' when conflicts arise with the primary continuity that comprises the three-part Robotech TV series and 2006's Robotech:	Robotech	2006
publication date	Jawani Phir Nahi Ani is a 2015 Pakistani adventure comedy film directed by Nadeem Baig and co-produced by Humayun Saeed, Salman Iqbal, Shahzad Nasib and Jarjees Seja under production banner Six Sigma Plus.	Jawani Phir Nahi Ani	2015
publication date	My Run is a 2009 documentary film directed and produced by Tim VandeSteeg and produced by Mark Castaldo.	My Run	2009
publication date	The Happy Elf is a 3D-animated family holiday special, which first aired December 2, 2005 on the NBC television network in the USA.	The Happy Elf	2005
publication date	The Book of Zombie is a 2010 American independent horror film written by Erik Van Sant and directed by Scott Kragelund, Paul Cranefield and Erik Van Sant.	The Book of Zombie	2010
publication date	Mama Ji (Punjabi: ਮਾਮਾ ਜੀ), also spelled incorrectly as Mamaji, is a 1964 Punjabi film directed by Roshan Bhardwaj, produced by Gopal Saigal and S. P. Malhotra, starring Gopal Saigal, Indira Billi in lead roles.	Mama Ji	1964
publication date	Blades of Courage (aka Skate!) is a 1987 Canadian made-for-television movie written by Suzette Couture and directed by Randy Bradshaw.	Blades of Courage	1987
publication date	The novel first appeared in the February 1890 edition of Lippincott's Monthly Magazine as The Sign of the Four; or The Problem of the Sholtos (five-word title), appearing in both London and Philadelphia.	The Sign of the Four	February 1890
publication date	The Gay Marriage Thing is a 2005 documentary film directed by Stephanie Higgins, who is a product of the Emerson College film school graduate program.	The Gay Marriage Thing	2005
publication date	Chase Me is a 2003 American direct-to-video animated short film based on the animated series The New Batman Adventures.	Chase Me	2003
publication date	The Girls He Left Behind Him and The Iron Clad Lover are two 1910 American silent short comedies produced by the Thanhouser Company.	The Girls He Left Behind Him and The Iron Clad Lover	1910
publication date	The Rogue Stallion is a 1990 Australian television film about a wild horse.	The Rogue Stallion	1990
publication date	The Father Clements Story is a 1987 made-for-television movie about the life of Father George Clements, an African-American Roman Catholic priest who became famous for being the first United States priest to legally adopt a child.	The Father Clements Story	1987
publication date	Grid Autosport (styled as GRID Autosport) is a racing video game released by Codemasters for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 on 24 June 2014 in North America and 27 June 2014 in Europe.	Grid Autosport	24 June 2014
publication date	Luchakali (English: Hide and seek) is an Oriya drama and thriller film released on 30 March 2012.	Luchakali	2012
publication date	Cirkus homo sapiens is the first studio album by Swedish singer/songwriter Nanne Grönvall, released in April 1998.	Cirkus homo sapiens	1998
publication date	NBA Jam Extreme is a 1996 basketball arcade game by Acclaim Entertainment based on the 1996--97 NBA season.	NBA Jam Extreme	1996
publication date	Year of the Comet is a 1992 romantic comedy adventure film about the pursuit of the most valuable bottle of wine in history.	Year of the Comet	1992
publication date	Laughing Gravy is a 1931 short film comedy starring Laurel and Hardy.	Laughing Gravy	1931
publication date	Passkey to Danger is a 1946 American crime film directed by Lesley Selander and written by O'Leta Rhinehart and William Hagens.	Passkey to Danger	1946
publication date	An American Hippie in Israel, also known as Ha-Trempist (from Hebrew הטרמפיסט, ``The Hitch-hiker''), is a 1972 Israeli metaphorical counter-culture film written and directed by Amos Sefer starring Asher Tzarfati.	An American Hippie in Israel	1972
publication date	Jodorowsky's Dune is a 2013 American-French documentary film directed by Frank Pavich.	Jodorowsky's Dune	2013
publication date	Nightmare LPMud, founded in 1992, was one of the oldest continually running LPMuds still played until its closure on September 12, 2005.	Nightmare LPMud	1992
publication date	Wills & Burke (also known as The Wacky World of Wills & Burke and Wills & Burke: The Untold Story) is a 1985 Australian black comedy film about the Burke and Wills expedition.	Wills & Burke	1985
publication date	Nebeski odred is a 1961 Yugoslav drama film directed by Bosko Boskovic and Ilija Nikolic.	Nebeski odred	1961
publication date	The Storholmen Brothers (Swedish: Pojkarna på Storholmen) is a 1932 Swedish black-and-white comedy film.	The Storholmen Brothers	1932
publication date	We've Never Been Licked (1943) is a World War II propaganda film produced by Walter Wanger and released by United Artists.	We've Never Been Licked	1943
publication date	Dharam Kanta is a 1982 Indian Bollywood Action film produced & directed by Sultan Ahmed on Sultan Productions banner.	Dharam Kanta	1982
publication date	Third Finger, Left Hand is a 1940 American romantic comedy film.	Third Finger, Left Hand	1940
publication date	The Rape of Richard Beck (also known as Deadly Justice) is a 1985 American television movie.	The Rape of Richard Beck	1985
publication date	``Sugar Baby Love'', recorded in autumn 1973 and released in January 1974, is a bubblegum pop song, and the debut single of the Rubettes.	Sugar Baby Love	1974
publication date	Mystère au Bout du Monde (known as Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego? 3 - New Carmen Adventure in English) is a French Carmen Sandiego game released on February 18, 2009.	Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego? 3 - New Carmen Adventure	2009
publication date	Gamma Strike is a set of games originally written for the Commodore 64 and released by Gamesware in 1988.	Gamma Strike	1988
publication date	Palnati Puli (English: Tiger of Palnadu) is a 1984 Telugu, drama film produced by Gogineni Prasad on Sai Chakra Productions banner and directed by Tatineni Prasad.	Palnati Puli	1984
publication date	StreetDance 3D (also called StreetDance in the non-3D version) is a 2010 British 3D dance drama film which was released on 21 May 2010.	StreetDance 3D	2010
publication date	El Húsar de la Muerte (Spanish: The Hussar of the Death) is a 1925 Chilean silent film movie.	El Húsar de la Muerte	1925
publication date	Goofy Groceries is an animated short film in Warner Bros.' Merrie Melodies cartoon series, originally released on March 29, 1941 and re-issued into the ``Blue Ribbon Classics'' series on April 19, 1947.	Goofy Groceries	1941
publication date	Yuddham (English: Conflict) is a 2014 Telugu, drama film directed by Bharathi Ganesh.	Yuddham	2014
publication date	In 2004 a film adaptation, Erik of het klein insectenboek, was made by director Gidi van Liempd.	Erik of het klein insectenboek	2004
publication date	Relaks, It's Just Pag-Ibig (English: Relax, It's Just Love) is a 2014 Filipino romantic comedy film starring Iñigo Pascual, Julian Estrada, and Sofia Andres.	Relaks, It's Just Pag-Ibig	2014
publication date	Look What I Found! is a 1980 Sesame Street storybook.	Look What I Found!	1980
publication date	Papa, Can You Hear Me Sing (Chinese: 搭錯車) is a 1983 Taiwanese musical film directed by Yu Kanping (虞戡平) starring Sun Yueh (孫越) and Linda Liu (劉瑞琪).	Papa, Can You Hear Me Sing	1983
publication date	Pre-Hysterical Hare is a 1958 Looney Tunes cartoon by Warner Bros. featuring Bugs Bunny and Elmer Fudd (known in this cartoon as Elmer Fuddstone).	Pre-Hysterical Hare	1958
publication date	Daffy Duck for President is a children's book, published by Warner Bros. and the United States Postal Service in 1997 to coincide with the release of the first Bugs Bunny U.S. postage stamp.	Daffy Duck for President	1997
publication date	King of Texas is a 2002 American television film based on William Shakespeare's King Lear and directed by Uli Edel.	King of Texas	2002
publication date	Pelicanman (Finnish: Pelikaanimies) is a 2004 Finnish fantasy film.	Pelicanman	2004
publication date	On 28 August 2013, Ubisoft announced on the Rayman Legends site that the European PlayStation Vita Version has been delayed to 12 September 2013 to apply the ``final level of polish'' players expect from a Rayman game.	Rayman Legends	12 September 2013
publication date	Falcon Song is a 2014 Contemporary Western film written and directed by Jason Corgan Brown.	Falcon Song	2014
publisher	The Adventures of Rad Gravity is a video game for the Nintendo Entertainment System developed by Interplay and published by Activision in 1990.	The Adventures of Rad Gravity	Activision
publisher	Culpa Innata (Latin: Innate Sin or Innate Fault) is a third person point-and-click adventure game developed by Turkish company Momentum AS and published by Strategy First.	Culpa Innata	Strategy First
publisher	The Journal of Musicology is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal of musicology published by University of California Press.	The Journal of Musicology	University of California Press
publisher	Kao the Kangaroo is an action-adventure video game released in 2000 by Tate Interactive.	Kao the Kangaroo	Tate Interactive
publisher	Wave Rally, also known as Jet Ski Riders, is a 2001 Jet Ski racing game developed by Opus Studio Inc. and published by Eidos Interactive exclusively for the PlayStation 2.	Wave Rally	Eidos Interactive
publisher	American Fairy Tales is the title of a collection of twelve fantasy stories by L. Frank Baum, published in 1901 by the George M. Hill Company, the firm that issued The Wonderful Wizard of Oz the previous year.	American Fairy Tales	George M. Hill Company
publisher	Elven Legacy is a turn-based strategy video game developed by 1C:Ino-Co and published by Paradox Interactive.	Elven Legacy	Paradox Interactive
publisher	Come Back for More, by American novelist Al Fray, was published in 1958 as a Dell (paperback) First Edition.	Come Back for More	Dell
publisher	Materials Chemistry and Physics (including Materials Science Communications) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published 18 times per year by Elsevier.	Materials Chemistry and Physics	Elsevier
publisher	Infinite Dimensional Analysis, Quantum Probability and Related Topics is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1998 by World Scientific.	Infinite Dimensional Analysis, Quantum Probability and Related Topics	World Scientific
publisher	Science Signaling is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that is published weekly by the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS).	Science Signaling	American Association for the Advancement of Science
publisher	The Dragon of the Ishtar Gate is a historical novel by L. Sprague de Camp, first published in hardcover by Doubleday in 1961, and in paperback by Lancer Books in 1968.	The Dragon of the Ishtar Gate	Doubleday
publisher	Virology Journal is an open-access peer-reviewed medical journal published by BioMed Central.	Virology Journal	BioMed Central
publisher	Representations is an interdisciplinary journal in the humanities published quarterly by the University of California Press.	Representations	University of California Press
publisher	Trick'N Snowboarder, known in Japan as Tricky Sliders (Japanese: トリッキースライダーズ Hepburn: Torikkī Suraidāzu), is a snowboarding sports video game published by Capcom in 1999.	Trick'N Snowboarder	Capcom
publisher	Mile High Pinball is a late 2005 pinball video game developed by Ideaworks3D and published by Nokia for the Nokia N-Gage.	Mile High Pinball	Nokia
publisher	Mammal Review is a zoology journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of The Mammal Society, covering all areas of mammalian biology and ecology.	Mammal Review	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	Philosophia Christi is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by the Evangelical Philosophical Society with the support of Biola University.	Philosophia Christi	Evangelical Philosophical Society
publisher	Steel Horizon is a turn-based strategy game published by Konami for the Sony PlayStation Portable and Nintendo DS. It was released in March 2007 in the United States.	Steel Horizon	Konami
publisher	Ape and Essence (1948) is a novel by Aldous Huxley, published by Chatto & Windus in the UK and Harper & Brothers in the US.	Ape and Essence	Harper
publisher	USAAF Mustang is a horizontally scrolling shoot 'em up arcade game originally developed by NMK, and published by UPL in 1990.	USAAF Mustang	UPL
publisher	He first appeared in the book Trueman Bradley - Aspie Detective, a novel written by Alexei Maxim Russell and published in 2011 by Jessica Kingsley Publishers.	Trueman Bradley	Jessica Kingsley Publishers
publisher	They Fight Like Soldiers, They Die Like Children was first published in Canada in 2010 by Random House, and in Great Britain in 2010 by Hutchinson.	They Fight Like Soldiers, They Die Like Children	Hutchinson
publisher	The Revista Ideas y Valores is an academic journal of philosophy edited and published by the National University of Colombia.	Revista Ideas y Valores	National University of Colombia
publisher	The Story of Wizball II which was also released by Ocean Software.	Wizball	Ocean Software
publisher	Midnight Voices is a thriller horror novel by John Saul, published by Ballantine Books on May 28, 2002.	Midnight Voices	Ballantine Books
publisher	Black Projects, White Knights is a collection of short stories written by Kage Baker and published by small-press science fiction publisher Golden Gryphon Press, assembling various short stories set in the universe of The Company series, which comprises the bulk of her published fiction.	Black Projects, White Knights	Golden Gryphon Press
publisher	Running Before the Wind is a young adult novel by American writer Linda Woolverton, published in 1987 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt.	Running Before the Wind	Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
publisher	Yoshi's Story, released in Japan as Yoshi Story (ヨッシーストーリー Yosshī Sutōrī), is a side-scrolling platform game, published and developed by Nintendo for the Nintendo 64.	Yoshi's Story	Nintendo
publisher	Learning the vi and Vim Editors, is a tutorial book for the vi and vim text editors written by Arnold Robbins, Elbert Hannah, and Linda Lamb and published by O'Reilly Media.	Learning the vi and Vim Editors	O'Reilly Media
publisher	N+ is the console and handheld version of the game originally made for systems powering Adobe Flash, N, which was developed by Metanet Software.	N+	Metanet Software
publisher	The New International Encyclopedia was an American encyclopedia first published in 1902 by Dodd, Mead and Company.	New International Encyclopedia	Dodd, Mead and Company
publisher	Accounting Perspectives (French: Perspectives comptables) is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of The Canadian Academic Accounting Association.	Accounting Perspectives	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	Families, Systems and Health is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by the American Psychological Association on behalf of the Collaborative Family Healthcare Association.	Families, Systems and Health	American Psychological Association
publisher	Released in 2007, Death to Spies (Russian: Смерть шпионам) is a stealth third-person shooter PC game set in World War II and produced by 1C Company and Haggard Games.	Death to Spies	1C Company
publisher	The Oxford Literary Review is now published twice yearly by Edinburgh University Press in July and December.	Oxford Literary Review	Edinburgh University Press
publisher	Harley-Davidson & L.A. Riders (known as ハーレーダビッドソン&L.A.ライダーズ in Japan) is a Sega arcade game developed by AM1 and released in 1997.	Harley-Davidson & L.A. Riders	Sega
publisher	God's Spy by Juan Gómez-Jurado Hardcover - ISBN 0-525-94994-1 (First edition, April 5, 2007) published by Dutton (a Penguin Group imprint)	God's Spy	Penguin Group
publisher	The Misfortunes of Mr. Teal is a collection of three mystery novellas by Leslie Charteris, first published in the United Kingdom in May 1934 by Hodder and Stoughton and the United States by The Crime Club.	The Misfortunes of Mr. Teal	Hodder and Stoughton	The Crime Club
publisher	The Base Mérimée is the French database of monuments listed as having national significance in history, architecture or art. It was created in 1978, and placed online in 1995, by the French Ministry of Culture, division of architectural heritage.	Base Mérimée	Ministry of Culture
publisher	Since 1989, Ploughshares has been based at Emerson College in the heart of Boston.	Ploughshares	Emerson College
publisher	Arkiv för nordisk filologi, also spelt Arkiv for nordisk filologi, is an annual academic journal of Old Norse and older Scandinavian studies, published by Lund University.	Arkiv för nordisk filologi	Lund University
publisher	Barry McGuigan World Championship Boxing is a British 1985 computer game for 8-bit home computers released by Activision and later re-released by Mastertronic for the Amstrad CPC, Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum.	Barry McGuigan World Championship Boxing	Activision
publisher	TNN Motorsports Hardcore Heat (バギーヒート Buggy Heat in Japan and Europe) is an off-road racing video game for the Dreamcast, developed by CRI and published in the USA by ASC Games.	TNN Motorsports Hardcore Heat	ASC Games
publisher	Brian Lara Cricket was released on the PC in 1994 for DOS and Sega Mega Drive and Amiga in 1995 by Codemasters.	Brian Lara Cricket	Codemasters
publisher	The World Atlas of Wine by Hugh Johnson and (since 2003) Jancis Robinson, MW, is an atlas and reference work on the world of wine, published by Mitchell Beazley.	The World Atlas of Wine	Mitchell Beazley
publisher	Tass Times in Tonetown is a 1986 adventure-themed computer game by Activision for multiple computer platforms.	Tass Times in Tonetown	Activision
publisher	Vampire Science is the second novel in the BBC Books series, the Eighth Doctor Adventures, based upon the BBC's long-running science fiction television series, Doctor Who.	Vampire Science	BBC Books
publisher	Mario Pinball Land, known internationally as Super Mario Ball (スーパーマリオボール Sūpā Mario Bōru), is a pinball video game that was developed by Fuse Games and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy Advance and released in 2004.	Mario Pinball Land	Nintendo
publisher	Can You Feel Anything When I Do This? is a collection of science fiction short stories by American writer Robert Sheckley, published in December 1971 by Doubleday.	Can You Feel Anything When I Do This?	Doubleday
publisher	The Space Vampires is a British science fiction horror novel written by author Colin Wilson, and first published in England and the United States by Random House in 1976.	The Space Vampires	Random House
publisher	Tampa Review is a literary magazine produced at The University of Tampa in Tampa, Florida.	Tampa Review	University of Tampa
publisher	British Journal of Educational Psychology is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Psychological Society.	British Journal of Educational Psychology	Wiley-Blackwell	British Psychological Society
screenwriter	Conceiving Ada is a 1997 film produced, written, and directed by Lynn Hershman Leeson.	Conceiving Ada	Lynn Hershman Leeson
series	Mahasankatey Shonku (Shonku in Deep Peril) is a Professor Shonku series book written by Satyajit Ray and published by Ananda Publishers in 1977.	Mahasankatey Shonku	Professor Shonku
series	``The LSD Story'' is an episode of the Dragnet television series that appeared on the NBC network on January 12, 1967.	The LSD Story	Dragnet
series	``Angry Andy'' is the twenty-first episode of the eighth season of the American comedy television series The Office.	Angry Andy	The Office
series	Rhapsody Rabbit is a 1946 Merrie Melodies animated short subject, featuring Bugs Bunny and directed by Friz Freleng.	Rhapsody Rabbit	Merrie Melodies
series	Knights of Madness is the third episode of the ninth series of the British comedy series Dad's Army that was originally transmitted on 16 October 1977.	Knights of Madness	Dad's Army
series	The Alfa Romeo MiTo (Type 955) is a three-door supermini officially introduced on June 19, 2008, at Castello Sforzesco in Milan, Italy with an international introduction at the British Motor Show in 2008.	Alfa Romeo MiTo	supermini
series	Carry On, Hawkeye was the 35th episode of the M*A*S*H television series, and eleventh of season two.	Carry On, Hawkeye	M*A*S*H
series	``The Heart Attack'' is the eighth episode of the second season of NBC's Seinfeld, and the show's 13th episode overall.	The Heart Attack	Seinfeld
series	Persistence of Memory is the tenth novel by American teen author Amelia Atwater-Rhodes and is the fifth novel in her Den of Shadows series.	Persistence of Memory	Den of Shadows
series	Ashokavadana is one of the avadana texts contained in the Divyavadana (``Divine Narrative''), an anthology of several Buddhist legends and narratives.	Ashokavadana	Divyavadana
series	``Enter Mr. DiMaggio'' is the third episode of the American television series, Smash.	Enter Mr. DiMaggio	Smash
series	Blades of the Tiger is a fantasy novel set in the Dragonlance setting, based on the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.	Blades of the Tiger	Dragonlance
series	A Buyer's Market is the second novel in Anthony Powell's twelve-novel series, A Dance to the Music of Time.	A Buyer's Market	A Dance to the Music of Time
series	Sous le ciel de l'Ouest is a Lucky Luke comic by Morris, it was the fourth album in the series and was printed by Dupuis in 1952.	Sous le ciel de l'Ouest	Lucky Luke
series	Dream Me a Life is the fortieth episode (the fifth episode of the third season) of the television revival series The Twilight Zone.	Dream Me a Life	The Twilight Zone
series	A Man of Action is the second episode of the seventh British comedy series Dad's Army that was originally transmitted on Friday 22 November 1974.	A Man of Action	Dad's Army
series	``The Adventure of the Cardboard Box'' was not published in the first British edition of The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, but it was published in the first Chinese edition, though it was quickly removed because of its controversial subject matter.	The Adventure of the Cardboard Box	The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes
series	Use of Weapons is a science fiction novel by Scottish writer Iain M. Banks, first published in 1990 as the third novel in the Culture series.	Use of Weapons	Culture series
series	``Stench and Stenchibility'' is the twenty-fifth episode of the seventh season of the animated sitcom Futurama.	Stench and Stenchibility	Futurama
series	``The Exploding Meatball Sub'' is the 20th episode of the sixth season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother and the 132nd episode overall.	The Exploding Meatball Sub	How I Met Your Mother
series	``Fathers and Suns'' is the second episode of science fiction sitcom Red Dwarf series X, originally broadcast on the British television channel Dave on 11 October 2012.	Fathers and Suns	Red Dwarf
series	``Subject 9'' is the fourth episode of the fourth season of the Fox science fiction drama television series Fringe, and the series 69th episode overall.	Subject 9	Fringe
series	Shadows Over Baker Street is an anthology of stories, each by a different author and each concerning an exploit of Arthur Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes set against the backdrop of H. P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos.	Shadows Over Baker Street	Sherlock Holmes	Cthulhu Mythos
series	Of the City of the Saved... is an original novel by Philip Purser-Hallard set in the Faction Paradox universe.	Of the City of the Saved...	Faction Paradox
series	``The Old Wagon'' is the second season premiere of the American sitcom Modern Family and the 25th episode overall.	The Old Wagon	Modern Family
series	``Carpe Museum'' is the 22nd episode of the third season of the animated comedy series Bob's Burgers and the overall 44th episode, and is written by Jon Schroeder and directed by Tyree Dillihay.	Carpe Museum	Bob's Burgers
series	``Subject 13'' is the 15th episode of the third season of the American science fiction drama television series Fringe, and the 58th episode overall.	Subject 13	Fringe
series	``Something Wicca This Way Comes'' is the first episode of the television series Charmed, which was broadcast on The WB on October 7, 1998.	Something Wicca This Way Comes	Charmed
series	``O Biclops, Where Art Thou?'' is the fourth episode of the first season of the comedic sword and sorcery series Kröd Mändoon and the Flaming Sword of Fire.	O Biclops, Where Art Thou?	Kröd Mändoon and the Flaming Sword of Fire
series	``Sworn to the Sword'' is the sixth episode of the second season of American animated television series Steven Universe, which premiered on June 15, 2015 on Cartoon Network.	Sworn to the Sword	Steven Universe
series	A Mind to Murder (1963) is a crime novel by P. D. James, the second in her Adam Dalgliesh series.	A Mind to Murder	Adam Dalgliesh
series	``A Touch of Glass'' is an episode of the BBC sit-com, Only Fools and Horses, first screened on 2 December 1982 as the final episode of series 2.	A Touch of Glass	Only Fools and Horses
series	``Petra-Gate'' is the 20th episode from the dramedy series Ugly Betty, which aired on April 26, 2007.	Petra-Gate	Ugly Betty
series	Dead Pigeon on Beethoven Street (Tote Taube in der Beethovenstraße) is episode 25, season 1, of Tatort, a 1974 German language police procedural television program, directed by Samuel Fuller.	Dead Pigeon on Beethoven Street	Tatort
series	The Lady of the Sorrows is the second book in The Bitterbynde Trilogy.	The Lady of the Sorrows	Bitterbynde
series	A Substantial Gift (The Broken Promise) is the first episode of the television series Police Squad!.	A Substantial Gift (The Broken Promise)	Police Squad
series	``Vienen'' is the eighteenth episode of the eighth season of the American science fiction television series The X-Files, and is the 179th episode overall.	Vienen	The X-Files
series	The Deadly Attachment is the first episode of the sixth series of the British television sitcom Dad's Army which was originally transmitted on Wednesday 31 October 1973.	The Deadly Attachment	Dad's Army
series	``Trust No 1'' is the sixth episode of the ninth season of the American science fiction television series The X-Files.	Trust No 1	The X-Files
series	The Saint and the Fiction Makers (some editions use the hyphenated form ``Fiction-Makers'') is the title of a 1968 mystery novel featuring the character of Simon Templar, alias ``The Saint''.	The Saint and the Fiction Makers	Simon Templar
series	Shouldn't You Be in School? is the third book in Lemony Snicket's children's series All the Wrong Questions.	Shouldn't You Be in School?	All the Wrong Questions
series	Conan of the Isles is a fantasy novel written by L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.	Conan of the Isles	Conan the Barbarian
series	The Wise Little Hen is a Walt Disney's Silly Symphonies cartoon, based on the fairy tale The Little Red Hen.	The Wise Little Hen	Silly Symphonies
series	``Mole Hunt'' is the pilot episode of the animated comedy Archer.	Mole Hunt	Archer
series	``My Own American Girl'' is the season three premiere and 47th episode overall of the American sitcom Scrubs.	My Own American Girl	Scrubs
series	Within a week of the episode's original broadcast, two deleted scenes from ``Greg Pikitis'' were made available on the official Parks and Recreation website.	Greg Pikitis	Parks and Recreation
series	The Commodore (published 1945) is a Horatio Hornblower novel written by C. S. Forester.	The Commodore	Horatio Hornblower
series	``Free Willzyx'' (/ˈwɪlziæk/ WIL-zee-ak) is the thirteenth episode in the ninth season of the animated television series South Park.	Free Willzyx	South Park
series	``Treehouse of Horror XIII'' is the first episode of The Simpsons' fourteenth season, as well as the thirteenth Halloween episode.	Treehouse of Horror XIII	The Simpsons
series	``One Arrest'' is the seventh episode of the first season of the HBO original series, The Wire (2002-2008).	One Arrest	The Wire
series	En direct de la gaffe, written and drawn by Franquin and Delporte, is an album of the original Gaston Lagaffe series, numbered R4.	En direct de la gaffe	Gaston
series	The Nikon Coolpix S1000pj is a compact digital camera manufactured by Nikon released in September 2009 as part of the Nikon Coolpix series.	Nikon Coolpix S1000pj	Nikon Coolpix series
series	``All the Presidents' Heads'' is the twenty-third episode of the sixth season of the animated sitcom Futurama, and originally aired July 28, 2011 on Comedy Central.	All the Presidents' Heads	Futurama
series	``The Captain's Hand'' is the seventeenth episode of the second season of the reimagined Battlestar Galactica television series.	The Captain's Hand	Battlestar Galactica
series	City of Ashes is the second installment in The Mortal Instruments series, an urban fantasy series set in New York written by Cassandra Clare.	City of Ashes	The Mortal Instruments
series	Luna 24 was an unmanned space mission of the Soviet Union's Luna programme.	Luna 24	Luna programme
series	``Mr. Bevis'' is episode thirty-three of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone.	Mr. Bevis	The Twilight Zone
series	And Then You Die is a novel by Michael Dibdin, and is the eighth entry in the popular Aurelio Zen series.	And Then You Die	Aurelio Zen
series	``Cafe Disco'' is the twenty-seventh episode of the fifth season of the American comedy television series The Office, and the 99th overall episode of the series.	Cafe Disco	The Office
series	Carmen Get It! is a Tom and Jerry animated short film, released on December 21, 1962.	Carmen Get It!	Tom and Jerry
series	Histoire de la grandeur et de la décadence de César Birotteau or César Birotteau, is an 1837 novel by Honoré de Balzac as part of his series La Comédie humaine.	César Birotteau	La Comédie humaine
series	``Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes'' is the ninth episode of the eighth season of the American animated television series South Park, and the 120th episode of the series overall.	Something Wall-Mart This Way Comes	South Park
series	``One Little Ship'' is the 138th episode of the television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine.	One Little Ship	Star Trek: Deep Space Nine
series	A Rising Thunder by David Weber, released on March 6, 2012 by Baen Books, is the thirteenth novel set in the Honorverse in the main Honor Harrington series.	A Rising Thunder	Honorverse
series	Black Atlantic is an original novel written by Simon Jowett and Peter J. Evans, and based on the long-running British science fiction comic strip Judge Dredd.	Black Atlantic	Judge Dredd
series	Wall of Serpents is a collection of two classic fantasy short stories by science fiction and fantasy authors L. Sprague de Camp and Fletcher Pratt, the third volume in their Harold Shea series.	Wall of Serpents	Harold Shea
series	``Last Lunch'' is the thirteenth episode of the seventh season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock, the 138th overall episode, and the second part of the one-hour series finale.	Last Lunch	30 Rock
series	``A Desperate Man'' is the 13th episode of the ninth season of the American crime drama television series NCIS, and the 199th episode overall.	A Desperate Man	NCIS
series	``The Fisherman and the Jinni'' is the second top-level story told by Sheherazade in the One Thousand and One Nights.	The Fisherman and the Jinni	One Thousand and One Nights
series	``Guess What's Coming to Dinner?'' is the ninth episode in the fourth season of the re-imagined Battlestar Galactica.	Guess What's Coming to Dinner?	Battlestar Galactica
sex or gender	Chloe Butler is a female rugby union player and former Gridiron football player.	Chloe Butler	female
sport	The Coppa dell'Amicizia (Cup of Friendship) was a summer association football friendly tournament for clubs and nations, which were held in a friendly in the time frame between 1959 and 1968.	Coppa dell'Amicizia	association football
sport	Milan Rašić (Serbian: Милан Рашић born February 2, 1985 in Niš, SR Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian volleyball player.	Milan Rašić	volleyball
sport	The 2004 Kroger St. Jude International and the Cellular South Cup were tennis tournaments played on indoor hard courts at the Racquet Club of Memphis in Memphis, Tennessee in the United States that were part of the International Series Gold of the 2004 ATP Tour and of Tier III of the 2004 WTA Tour.	2004 Kroger St. Jude International and the Cellular South Cup	tennis
sport	The NWA Texas Heavyweight Championship is a professional wrestling title that has existed since the 1930s.	NWA Texas Heavyweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	2013 Gastein Ladies is the 2013 edition of the clay court tennis tournament Gastein Ladies.	2013 Gastein Ladies	tennis
sport	Massimo Masini (born 9 May 1945) is a former Italian basketball player and coach.	Massimo Masini	basketball
sport	The 2004 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at Ahoy Rotterdam in the Netherlands.	2004 ABN AMRO World Tennis Tournament	tennis
sport	Carole Caldwell Graebner (June 24, 1943 -- November 19, 2008) was an American tennis player.	Carole Caldwell Graebner	tennis
sport	Ljubica Drljača (Serbian Cyrillic: Љубица Дрљача, born August 4, 1978 in Novi Sad, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian basketball coach and former basketball player.	Ljubica Drljača	basketball
sport	The 1969 U.S. Pro Tennis Championships was a men's professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts (Uni-turf) at the Longwood Cricket Club in Boston, USA.	1969 U.S. Pro Tennis Championships	tennis
sport	Jelena Genčić (Serbian Cyrillic: Јелена Генчић, pronounced (jɛ̌lɛna ɡɛ̌nt͡ʃit͡ɕ), born 9 October 1936 in Belgrade, Kingdom of Yugoslavia, died 1 June 2013 in Belgrade, Serbia) was a Serbian tennis and handball player and coach.	Jelena Genčić	tennis
sport	The Armenia national korfball team is managed by the Korfball Federation of Armenia (KFA), representing Armenia in korfball international competitions.	Armenia national korfball team	Korfball
sport	Cricket Coaching School is a team that played List A cricket in the Dhaka Premier League in 2013-14.	Cricket Coaching School	cricket
sport	Sergei Pushkov (born 24 February 1964) is a retired ice hockey player who played in the Soviet Hockey League.	Sergei Pushkov	ice hockey
sport	Bobby Cheng (born 20 March 1997 in Auckland, New Zealand) is an Australian chess champion, former U12 World Champion and two-time Australian Junior Player of the Year.	Bobby Cheng	chess
sport	Lufthansa SG Berlin was a German association football club based in the Schöneberg district of Berlin.	Lufthansa SG Berlin	association football
sport	Ignacy Tłoczyński (Polish pronunciation: (iɡˈnat͡sɨ twɔˈt͡ʂɨȷ̃skʲi); 14 July 1911 -- 25 December 2000) was a Polish tennis player, coach and World War II veteran.	Ignacy Tłoczyński	tennis
sport	The 2010 Malaysian Open (also known as the 2010 Proton Malaysian Open for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts.	2010 Proton Malaysian Open	tennis
sport	The 1983 Monte Carlo Open (also known as the Jacomo Monte Carlo Open for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Monte Carlo Country Club in Monte Carlo, Monaco that was part of the 1983 Volvo Grand Prix.	1983 Monte Carlo Open	tennis
sport	``The Power of Four'' is a joint anthem composed for the British and Irish Lions rugby union team.	The Power of Four	rugby union
sport	Joseph Gilbert Yvon Jean Ratelle (born October 3, 1940) is a former Canadian ice hockey player and a member of the Hockey Hall of Fame.	Jean Ratelle	ice hockey
sport	The 2013 FIBA Africa Women's Clubs Champions Cup (19th edition), was an international basketball tournament held in Meknes, Morocco, from November 22 to 29, 2013.	2013 FIBA Africa Women's Clubs Champions Cup	basketball
sport	Tony Fairley is an American former basketball player.	Tony Fairley	basketball
sport	The Danny Thomas-Diplomat Classic was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour that played from December 4-7, 1969 at south Florida's Diplomat Presidential Country Club located between Miami and Fort Lauderdale.	Danny Thomas-Diplomat Classic	golf
sport	The European Women's Handball Championship is the official competition for senior women's national handball teams of Europe, and takes place every two years.	European Women's Handball Championship	handball
sport	The Irish American Football League (IAFL) is an amateur American football league in Ireland.	Irish American Football League	American football
sport	KK Zadar is a Croatian professional basketball team from the city of Zadar playing in the Croatian League and ABA League.	KK Zadar	basketball
sport	Keijuro Matsui (popularly known as KJ) (born October 16, 1985) was a guard for the Columbia Lions basketball team at Columbia University.	Keijuro Matsui	basketball
sport	Although originally conceived as a rugby union club, Obras Sanitarias is mostly known for its basketball team, which currently plays in the Liga Nacional de Básquet, the first division of the Argentine basketball league system.	Obras Sanitarias	basketball
sport	The Nepean Raiders are a Canadian Junior ice hockey team from Nepean, Ontario, Canada.	Nepean Raiders	ice hockey
sport	Igors Rausis (born April 7, 1961, in Komunarsk, SSSR) is a Latvian chess grandmaster.	Igors Rausis	chess
sport	The Euro Hockey League is an annual men's field hockey cup competition organised by the EHF for the very top hockey clubs in Europe.	Euro Hockey League	field hockey
sport	The NH Collection Open was a one-off golf tournament dual-ranked by the European Tour and the Challenge Tour.	NH Collection Open	golf
sport	Russell Hinder (born 10 July 1979) is an Australian former professional basketball player who played 13 seasons in the NBL.	Russell Hinder	basketball
sport	Zhou Lansun (Chinese: 周兰荪; Wade--Giles: Chou Lan-sun; 23 January 1939 -- 2000) was a Chinese table tennis player and coach.	Zhou Lansun	table tennis
sport	Two senior members of Seigokan took important roles in continental and world karate affairs.	Seigokan	karate
sport	The UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships - Men's Under-23 Cyclo-cross is the annual world championship for in the discipline of cyclo-cross for men aged 23 or under, organised by the world governing body, the Union Cycliste Internationale.	UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships	cyclo-cross
sport	Gilles Simon (French pronunciation: ​(ʒil si.mɔ̃); born 27 December 1984) is a French professional tennis player and a former world no. 6.	Gilles Simon	tennis
sport	Dominique Bosshart (born October 7, 1977 in Morges, Vaud, Switzerland) is a Canadian taekwondo athlete.	Dominique Bosshart	taekwondo
sport	Matjaž Smodiš (born December 13, 1979) is a Slovenian former professional basketball player.	Matjaž Smodiš	basketball
sport	Garth Gerhart (born October 21, 1988) is an American football Center for the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League (NFL).	Garth Gerhart	American football
sport	Ned Haig (7 December 1858 in Jedburgh, Scotland -- 28 March 1939 in Melrose, Scotland, buried in Wairds Cemetery, Melrose, Scotland) was a butcher and rugby union player notable for founding the sport of rugby sevens.	Ned Haig	rugby
sport	Veljko Mršić (born April 13, 1971) is a Croatian retired professional basketball player and basketball coach.	Veljko Mršić	basketball
sport	Telford Raiders ARLFC are a rugby league club based in the town of Telford in Shropshire, England.	Telford Raiders	rugby league
sport	Brighton Bears was a British basketball team based in Brighton, Sussex.	Brighton Bears	basketball
sport	The 1993 Piruetten was the Piruetten competition of the 1993--1994 figure skating season and a senior-level competition.	1993 Piruetten	figure skating
sport	The 1998 DFS Classic was a tennis tournament played on grass courts at the Edgbaston Priory Club in Birmingham in England that was part of Tier III of the 1998 WTA Tour.	1998 DFS Classic	tennis
sport	Ömer Ünver (born 26 July 1981 in Afyon, Turkey) is a Turkish professional basketball player for Beşiktaş Cola Turka and has great 3pt-shooting skills.	Ömer Ünver	basketball
sport	Dušan Kecman (Serbian Cyrillic: Душан Кецман; born November 6, 1977) is a Serbian professional basketball coach and former player.	Dušan Kecman	basketball
sport	İnanç Koç (born February 9, 1979) is a Turkish professional basketball player who currently plays in Pınar Karşıyaka of the Turkish Basketball League.	İnanç Koç	basketball
sport	The 2005 Helvetia Cup or 2005 European B Team Championships in badminton was held from January 19 to January 23 in Agros, Cyprus.	2005 Helvetia Cup	badminton
sport	The Milwaukee Clarks were a professional ice hockey team in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.	Milwaukee Clarks	ice hockey
sport	Vereniki Sauturaga Racagi (born Suva, 18 November 1982) is a Fijian rugby union player.	Vereniki Sauturaga	rugby union
sport	Saman Veisi (Persian: سامان ویسی ‎, born August 7, 1982 in Sanandaj, Iran) is an Iranian professional basketball player.	Saman Veisi	basketball
sport	Taimara Suero Coronado (born December 21, 1979 in Havana) is a women's basketball player from Cuba.	Taimara Suero	basketball
sport	Josh Valentine (born 22 February 1983 in Newcastle in New South Wales) is an Australian rugby union footballer.	Josh Valentine	rugby union
sport	Blaž Mahkovic (born March 21, 1990 in Kranj, Slovenia) is a Slovenian professional basketball player for Union Olimpija of the Slovenian League.	Blaž Mahkovic	basketball
sport	The NBA Development League, or NBA D-League, is the National Basketball Association's official minor league basketball organization.	NBA Development League	basketball
sport	The 2010 Copa Telmex was a men's tennis tournament played on blue fires.	2010 Copa Telmex	tennis
sport	Jadeveon Clowney (pronounced jə-DEH-vee-on CLOW-nee; born February 14, 1993) is an American football outside linebacker for the Houston Texans of the National Football League (NFL).	Jadeveon Clowney	American football
sport	The 2009 Commonwealth Bank Tournament of Champions was a singles-only tennis tournament that was played on indoor hard courts.	2009 Commonwealth Bank Tournament of Champions	tennis
sport	The 2007 FFSA Premier League was the second edition of the FFSA Premier League as the second level domestic association football competition in South Australia.	2007 FFSA Premier League	association football
sport	Samantha Richards (born 24 February 1983) is an Australian basketball guard from Melbourne, Victoria who played her junior basketball in Nunawading.	Samantha Richards	basketball
sport	The 1985 Atlanta AT&T Challenge of Champions was a tennis tournament in 1985.	1985 Atlanta AT&T Challenge of Champions	tennis
sport	Andrea Giani (born April 22, 1970 in Naples) is an Italian coach and retired volleyball player who scored notable successes in the 1990s, winning three World Championships with his national team.	Andrea Giani	volleyball
sport	Glen Grunwald (born June 13, 1958) is an attorney and basketball executive who currently serves as director of athletics for McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario.	Glen Grunwald	basketball
sport	The 1999 Challenge Tour was a series of golf tournaments known as the Challenge Tour, the official development tour run by the PGA European Tour.	1999 Challenge Tour	golf
sport	The normal hill jumping and Nordic combined for the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 1966 and FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 1982 were held in Midtstubakken, as will they be for the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2011.	Midtstubakken	Nordic combined
sport	Zbigniew Zarzycki (born 12 March 1948) is a former Polish volleyball player, a member of Poland men's national volleyball team in 1968-1976, Olympic Champion 1976, World Champion 1974.	Zbigniew Zarzycki	volleyball
sport	Oulun Kärpät (Finnish for Oulu Ermines) is a Finnish professional ice hockey team in the Liiga based in Oulu and owned by Kärppä Säätiö of the Kärppä Foundation.	Oulun Kärpät	ice hockey
sport	The 2002 Women's Six Nations Championship was the first series of the rugby union Women's Six Nations Championship and was won by France, who achieved the Grand Slam.	2002 Women's Six Nations Championship	rugby union
sport	KK Mašinac is a Serbian basketball club from Kraljevo, Serbia.	KK Mašinac	basketball
sport	The 1970 New South Wales Open, also known by its sponsored name Dunlop Open, was a combined men's and women's tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts at the White City Stadium in Sydney, Australia.	1970 New South Wales Open	tennis
sport	The Toowoomba Fillies was founded in 2004 Toowoomba Fillies Women's Rugby League Club are an Australian professional Women's rugby league football team based in Toowoomba, a City in South East Queensland west of Queensland's capital city, Brisbane.	Toowoomba Fillies	rugby league
sport	The 2015 FIBA Asia Women's Championship was the qualifying tournament for FIBA Asia at the women's basketball tournament at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	2015 FIBA Asia Women's Championship	basketball
sport	Henry Josey (born September 25, 1991) is an American football running back who is currently a member of the Toronto Argonauts in the Canadian Football League (CFL).	Henry Josey	American football
sport	The 2013 ATP World Tour Finals, also known as the 2013 Barclays ATP World Tour Finals for sponsorship reasons, was a men's tennis tournament that was played on indoor hard courts at the O2 Arena in London, United Kingdom, between 4 and 11 November 2013.	2013 ATP World Tour Finals	tennis
sport	Mandy Marchak (b. November 24, 1984) is a Canadian rugby union player.	Mandy Marchak	rugby union
sport	The 2015 Men's EuroHockey Nations Championship was the 15th edition of the EuroHockey Nations Championship field hockey championship for men.	2015 Men's EuroHockey Nations Championship	field hockey
sport	Clark Graebner (born November 4, 1943, in Cleveland, Ohio), is a retired American professional tennis player.	Clark Graebner	tennis
sport	The AT&T Canada Senior Open Championship was a golf tournament on the Champions Tour from 1981 to 1985 and 1996 to 2002.	AT&T Canada Senior Open Championship	golf
sport	The 2010 FIBA Africa Under-18 Championship for Women was the 11th FIBA Africa Under-18 Championship for Women, played under the rules of FIBA, the world governing body for basketball, and the FIBA Africa thereof.	2010 FIBA Africa Under-18 Championship for Women	basketball
sport	LSV Pütnitz was a short-lived German association football club from the district of Pütnitz in Ribnitz-Damgarten, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.	LSV Pütnitz	association football
sport	Grupo Sportivo Libertas Trogylos Basket, a.k.a. Acer ERG Priolo for sponsorship reasons, is an Italian women's basketball club from Priolo Gargallo.	Libertas Trogylos Basket	basketball
sport	The 2014 Men's Pan-American Volleyball Cup was the ninth edition of the annual men's volleyball tournament, played by nine countries.	2014 Men's Pan-American Volleyball Cup	volleyball
sport	Zdenko Kožul (born 21 May 1966) is a Croatian chess chess grandmaster and was the 2006 European champion.	Zdenko Kožul	chess chess
sport	The Montreal Jazz (French: Jazz de Montréal) were a Canadian professional basketball team based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Montreal Jazz	basketball
sport	The Chicago Bears are a professional American football team in Chicago, Illinois.	Chicago Bears	American football
sport	The 1980 SANFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football competition.	1980 SANFL Grand Final	Australian rules football
sport	The FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup is an international association football tournament for female players under the age of 17.	FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup	association football
sport	The Hope Race or Hope Sled Dog Race is a defunct international sled dog race between Nome, Alaska and Anadyr, Russia, across the Bering Strait.	Hope Race	sled dog race
sport	Dragoljub Velimirović (Serbian Cyrillic: Драгољуб Велимировић; 12 May 1942 -- 22 May 2014) was a Serbian (formerly Yugoslav) chess grandmaster, born in Valjevo.	Dragoljub Velimirović	chess
sport	Robbie Koenig (born 5 July 1971) is a retired professional tennis player from South Africa who is now a tennis commentator and analyst.	Robbie Koenig	tennis
sport	The 1986 Fujifilm Trophy was the Fujifilm Trophy competition of the 1986--1987 figure skating season and a senior-level international invitational competition.	1986 Fujifilm Trophy	figure skating
sport	Ruder Tennis Hockey Club Bayer Leverkusen (RTHC Bayer Leverkusen e.V.) is a German rowing, field hockey and tennis club, one of the projects supported by Bayer 04 Leverkusen and Bayer AG and with 2500 members is one of the largest sports clubs in Leverkusen.	RTHC Bayer Leverkusen	field hockey
sport	The Everett Silvertips are an American major junior ice hockey team currently members of the U.S. Division in the Western Conference of the Western Hockey League (WHL).	Everett Silvertips	ice hockey
sport	Bristol Flyers are a basketball team from the city of Bristol, England.	Bristol Flyers	basketball
sport	Jon Collins is a former American basketball player who is best known for his collegiate career at Eastern Illinois University between 1982--83 and 1985--86.	Jon Collins	basketball
sport	The 1998 AXA League was the thirtieth competing of English cricket's Sunday League.	1998 AXA League	cricket
sport	Manu Juhani Tamminen (born May 26, 1950 in Turku, Finland) is a Finnish retired professional ice hockey player who played in the SM-liiga and World Hockey Association.	Juhani Tamminen	ice hockey
sport	Tuukka Kotti (born 18 March 1981) is a Finnish professional basketball player for the Nilan Bisons in the Finnish basketball league Korisliiga.	Tuukka Kotti	basketball
sport	The Long Island Cougars were a minor league professional ice hockey team that played at the Long Island Arena in Commack, New York, from 1973 to 1975.	Long Island Cougars	ice hockey
sport	Fragiskos Alvertis (in ) (born June 11, 1974) is a Greek former professional basketball player and current team manager of Panathinaikos Athens.	Fragiskos Alvertis	basketball
sport	The Derby County Baseball Club was a short-lived baseball club in Derby, England that played baseball until 1898 when football became the dominant sport.	Derby County Baseball Club	baseball
sport	The 1985 Virginia Slims of Washington, also known as the ``VS of Washington,'' was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in Washington, D.C. in the United States.	1985 Virginia Slims of Washington	tennis
sport	Peter Blangé (born 9 December 1964 in Voorburg, South Holland) is a retired volleyball player from the Netherlands, who represented his native country in four consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1988 in Seoul, South Korea.	Peter Blangé	volleyball
sport	Olympique Antibes Juan-les-Pins Côte d'Azur, or OAJLP, or Antibes Sharks, is a basketball club from the city of Antibes, France.	Olympique Antibes	basketball
sport	Alexis Ajinça (French pronunciation: ​(alɛksi aʒɛ̃sa); born May 6, 1988) is a French professional basketball player for the New Orleans Pelicans of the National Basketball Association (NBA).	Alexis Ajinça	basketball
sport	The Lehigh Valley Phantoms are a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League (AHL), whose inaugural season started in the 2014--15 AHL season when the Adirondack Phantoms moved from Glens Falls, New York to Allentown, Pennsylvania.	Lehigh Valley Phantoms	ice hockey
sport	The Seattle Thunderbirds are a major junior ice hockey team based in the city of Kent, a city south of Seattle, Washington.	Seattle Thunderbirds	ice hockey
sport	Franz Pachl (born January 8, 1951 in Ludwigshafen am Rhein) is a Germany grandmaster of the FIDE for chess compositions.	Franz Pachl	chess
sport	Jan Bašný (born 29 January 1963) is a Czech handball coach for the Czech women's national team.	Jan Bašný	handball
sport	The 2010 World Junior Baseball Championship was an international baseball competition being held at the Port Arthur Stadium and Central Ball Park in Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada from July 23 to August 1, 2010.	2010 World Junior Baseball Championship	baseball
sport	Milon B.C. or Milonas B.C. (Greek: Μίλων) is a professional basketball team that is based in Nea Smyrni, Greece.	Milon B.C.	basketball
sport	Libro de la invencion liberal y arte del juego del axedrez (translation: Book of the liberal invention and art of the game of chess) is one of the first books published about modern chess in Europe, after Pedro Damiano's 1512 book.	Libro de la invencion liberal y arte del juego del axedrez	chess
sport	Christina Singer-Bath (born 27 July 1968) is a German former international tennis player.	Christina Singer	tennis
sport	Scottish Premiership Division Two is one of Scotland's national rugby union league divisions, and therefore part of the Scottish League Championship - being the middle division in the Scottish Premiership.	Scottish Premiership Division Two	rugby union
sport	Eros Riccio (December 1, 1977, Lucca) is an Italian International Correspondence Chess Grandmaster, Freestyle Chess Champion and chess opening book author.	Eros Riccio	chess
sport	The Victory Tests were a series of cricket matches played in England from 19 May to 22 August 1945, between a combined Australian Services XI and an English national side.	Victory Tests	cricket
sport	Kerby Rychel (born October 7, 1994) is an American-born Canadian professional ice hockey player.	Kerby Rychel	ice hockey
sport	Daniela Castrignano (born December 11, 1980, in Lecco) is an Italian taekwondo practitioner, who competed in the women's heavyweight category.	Daniela Castrignano	taekwondo
sport	Boys' Town Cricket Club is a cricket club based in the Trenchtown neighbourhood of Kingston, Jamaica.	Boys' Town Cricket Club	cricket
sport	Khalid Jamil (born 21 April 1977) is an Indian association football manager and former player, who made seven appearances for the India national football team.	Khalid Jamil	association football
sport	The Ed Chynoweth Cup is an ice hockey club championship trophy awarded to the playoff champion of the Western Hockey League (WHL).	Ed Chynoweth Cup	ice hockey
sport	The 2013 Copa Centroamericana was the 12th Copa Centroamericana, the regional championship for men's national association football teams in Central America.	2013 Copa Centroamericana	association football
sport	The Air Indiana Flight 216 crash occurred on December 13, 1977, at 19:22 CST, when a Douglas DC-3, registration N51071 carrying the University of Evansville basketball team, crashed on takeoff at the Evansville Regional Airport in Evansville, Indiana.	Air Indiana Flight 216	basketball
sport	The Australian National Track Championships are held annually and are composed of competitions of various track cycling disciplines across various age, gender and disability categories.	Australian National Track Championships	track cycling
sport	The Yugoslav Ice Hockey League was the top ice hockey league in the old Yugoslavia.	Yugoslav Ice Hockey League	ice hockey
sport	FIBA Saporta Cup was the name of the second-tier level European professional club basketball competition, where the National Cup winners from all over Europe played against each other.	FIBA Saporta Cup	basketball
sport	Dana Jones (born 1972), is a retired American basketball player.	Dana Jones	basketball
sport	The 1989 PBA Open Conference Finals was the best-of-7 series basketball championship of the 1989 PBA Open Conference, and the conclusion of the conference's playoffs.	1989 PBA Open Conference Finals	basketball
sport	Ion Țiriac (Romanian pronunciation: (iˈon t͡siriˈak); born 9 May 1939), also known as the 'Brasov Bulldozer' is a Romanian businessman and former professional tennis and ice hockey player.	Ion Țiriac	tennis
sport	Shortstop, abbreviated SS, is the baseball or softball fielding position between second and third base, which is considered to be among the most demanding defensive positions.	Shortstop	baseball
sport	Julian Savea (born 7 August 1990) is a New Zealand rugby union player.	Julian Savea	rugby union
sport	The 2002 MAC Men's Basketball Tournament, a part of the 2001--02 NCAA Division I men's basketball season, took place at Gund Arena in Cleveland, Ohio.	2002 MAC Men's Basketball Tournament	basketball
sport	Aleš Hemský (Czech pronunciation: (ˈalɛʃ ˈɦɛmskiː), born 13 August 1983) is a Czech professional ice hockey player currently playing for the Dallas Stars of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Aleš Hemský	ice hockey
sport	Dalum IF is a Danish association football club currently playing in the Danish 2nd Division pool 2.	Dalum IF	association football
sport	The Dreamland Egypt Classic is a defunct WTA Tour affiliated tennis tournament played in 1999.	Dreamland Egypt Classic	tennis
sport	The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) is the governing body of cricket in England and Wales.	England and Wales Cricket Board	cricket
sport	Tan Lian Ann (born 8 September 1947) is a Singapore chess master.	Tan Lian Ann	chess
sport	Cole Stoudt (born October 23, 1992) is an American football college coach and former player.	Cole Stoudt	American football
sport	The Uruguayan Immortal is a game of chess played in the 1943 Uruguayan Chess Championship between B. Molinari and Luis Roux Cabral.	Uruguayan Immortal	chess
sport	The 2013 Florida State Seminoles football team, variously Florida State or FSU, represented Florida State University in the sport of American football during the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS college football season.	2013 Florida State Seminoles football team	American football
sport	The Association of Chess Professionals (ACP) is a non-profit organisation which aims to protect the rights of professional chess players', address their concerns and to promote chess worldwide through the organisation of high-level chess tournaments and maintaining a ranking system of the top professionals (see The ACP Tour).	Association of Chess Professionals	chess
sport	The 2013 IFAF Women's World Championship was the second IFAF Women's World Championship, a American football competition for women.	2013 IFAF Women's World Championship	American football
sport	Norrköpings BTK was a table tennis club in Norrköping, Sweden.	Norrköpings BTK	table tennis
sport	The IIHF Challenge Cup of Asia are a series of international ice hockey tournament on the continent of Asia.	IIHF Challenge Cup of Asia	ice hockey
sport	The Limerick Desmond League is an association football league featuring amateur, junior, youth and under-17 teams from the part of County Limerick west of the N20.	Limerick Desmond League	association football
sport	Morgan Lundin (born 20 May 1969), is an athlete from Sweden, who competes in compound archery.	Morgan Lundin	archery
sport	The Indian Wells Tennis Garden is a tennis facility in Indian Wells, California, in the Coachella Valley.	Indian Wells Tennis Garden	tennis
sport	Berliner SV 1892 is a German association football club from the district of Wilmersdorf, Berlin.	Berliner SV 1892	association football
sport	The 1999 Heineken Trophy was a tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts at Autotron park in Rosmalen, near 's-Hertogenbosch, Netherlands that was part of the International Series of the 1999 ATP Tour and Tier III of the 1999 WTA Tour.	1999 Heineken Trophy	tennis
sport	Fenerbahçe Men's Volleyball is the men's volleyball department of Fenerbahçe S.K., a major sports club based in Istanbul, Turkey.	Fenerbahçe Men's Volleyball	volleyball
sport	The Miami Floridians, later in their history known simply as The Floridians, were a professional basketball franchise in the original, now-defunct American Basketball Association.	Miami Floridians	basketball
sport	Graeme Carr (born 28 October 1978) is an English former professional association football player.	Graeme Carr	association football
sport	The 1990 Prudential-Bache Securities Classic (known as such in 1990 for sponsorship reasons) was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts.	1990 Prudential-Bache Securities Classic	tennis
sport	Jonel Scott (born January 5, 1992 in Gros Islet, Saint Lucia), is a 6' 8`` basketball player.	Jonel Scott	basketball
sport	The Tweed Heads Seagulls, often referred to simply as Tweed or Seagulls, is a rugby league club based in Tweed Heads, New South Wales, and is the only non-Queensland team to play in the Queensland Cup.	Tweed Heads Seagulls	rugby league
sport	Willy Taveras (born December 25, 1981) is a Dominican professional baseball player for the Sugar Land Skeeters.	Willy Taveras	baseball
sport	The Bill Masterton Memorial Trophy is awarded annually to the National Hockey League player who best exemplifies the qualities of perseverance, sportsmanship, and dedication to ice hockey.	Bill Masterton Memorial Trophy	ice hockey
sport	Aco Jonovski (Macedonian: Ацо Јоновски) (born 29 December 1980) is a Macedonian handball player representing the Macedonia national handball team.	Aco Jonovski	handball
sport	Detlef Schrempf (born January 21, 1963) is a German-American retired professional basketball player.	Detlef Schrempf	basketball
sport	The European Triathlon Championships is the main triathlon championships in Europe.	European Triathlon Championships	triathlon
sport	The Dacia World Club Series is an annual rugby league football competition played between the clubs from the Australasian National Rugby League and the European Super League.	World Club Series	rugby league
sport	The FIS Ski Jumping Continental Cup is a series of ski jumping competitions arranged yearly by the International Ski Federation.	FIS Ski Jumping Continental Cup	ski jumping
sport	Giorgio de Bettin (born 7 August 1972 in Pieve di Cadore, Italy) is an Italian professional ice hockey player who participated at the 2010 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Italian National men's ice hockey team.	Giorgio de Bettin	ice hockey
sport	La Vie Claire was a professional road bicycle racing team named after its chief sponsor La vie Claire, a chain of health food stores.	La Vie Claire	road bicycle racing
sport	Franko Šango (born 22 May 1992) is a Croatian professional basketball player, currently playing as a swingman for Zadar of the Croatian League.	Franko Šango	basketball
sport	Iulia Necula (born April 26, 1986 in Constanţa), is a Romanian professional table tennis player.	Iulia Necula	table tennis
sport	William Soliman (born February 15, 1980 in Saint Denis, France) is a French basketball player who played 13 games for the French men's national basketball team in 2008 .	William Soliman	basketball
sport	George Christian T. Chia (born August 19, 1979), better known as Gec Chia, is a Filipino business executive and former professional basketball player.	Gec Chia	basketball
sport	The SpVgg Hankofen-Hailing is a German association football club from the villages of Hankofen and Hailing in the municipality of Leiblfing, Bavaria.	SpVgg Hankofen-Hailing	association football
sport	The Rapid City Thrillers were a semi-professional basketball club based in Rapid City, South Dakota, United States that competed in the Continental Basketball Association beginning in the 1987 season.	Rapid City Thrillers	basketball
sport	The Pharex Naproxen Sodium Bidang Generix is a basketball team that played in the PBA Developmental League in 2011.	Pharex Naproxen Sodium Bidang Generix	basketball
sport	The 1968 All-Ireland Under-21 Hurling Championship was the fifth staging of the All-Ireland hurling championship for players under the age of twenty-one since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1964..	1968 All-Ireland Under-21 Hurling Championship	hurling
sport	The SV Schalding-Heining is a German association football club from the suburb of Schalding-Heining in the city of Passau, Bavaria.	SV Schalding-Heining	association football
sport	Alan Lithgow (born 12 March 1988) is a Scottish professional association football player who currently plays for Scottish League One side Airdrieonians.	Alan Lithgow	association football
sport	2012 ICC Africa Twenty20 Division Two was a Twenty20 cricket tournament that took place in 2012 and formed part of qualifying for the 2014 ICC World Twenty20.	2012 ICC Africa Twenty20 Division Two	cricket
sport	Torbjørn Sindballe (born 21 October 1976) is a Danish professional triathlete who was forced to end his competition triathlon career due to heart problems.	Torbjørn Sindballe	triathlon
sport	Floripa Esporte Clube, also known as Super Imperatriz Vôlei, was a men's volleyball team, based in Florianópolis, Santa Catarina, Brazil.	Floripa Esporte Clube	volleyball
sport	The Garcia Report is the name given to a report made by Michael J. Garcia into allegations of corruption in world association football.	Garcia Report	association football
sport	Bedwas RFC is a rugby union club located in the Welsh village of Bedwas.	Bedwas RFC	rugby union
sport	The 1973 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament was the inaugural Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) baseball tournament.	1973 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament	baseball
sport	The Lorena Ochoa Invitational Presented by Banamex and JTBC is a women's professional golf tournament in México on the LPGA Tour.	Lorena Ochoa Invitational	golf
sport	The 2008 Women's Junior South American Volleyball Championship was the 19th edition of the South American Volleyball Championship, organised by South America's governing volleyball body, the Confederación Sudamericana de Voleibol (CSV).	2008 Women's Junior South American Volleyball Championship	volleyball
sport	The WAR International Junior Heavyweight Championship was a title contested for in the Japanese professional wrestling promotion Wrestle Association R (WAR), which closed in 2000.	WAR International Junior Heavyweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	The Clube Atlético Paulista was an association football club from the Brazilian metropolis São Paulo.	Clube Atlético Paulista	association football
sport	The Tour du Faso is a 10-day road bicycle racing stage race held in Burkina Faso in the late fall.	Tour du Faso	road bicycle racing
sport	Li Xiaoxu (Chinese: 李晓旭; pinyin: Lǐ Xiǎoxù) is a Chinese basketball player who currently plays for Liaoning Flying Leopards in the Chinese Basketball Association.	Li Xiaoxu	basketball
sport	Offenbacher Kickers, also known as Kickers Offenbach, is a German association football club in Offenbach am Main, Hesse.	Kickers Offenbach	association football
sport	HRK Izviđač (Hrvatski Rukometni Klub Izviđač, English: Croatian Handball Club Izviđač) is a team handball club from Ljubuški, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	HRK Izviđač	handball
sport	The 1970 Memorial Cup was the 52nd annual Memorial Cup competition, organized by the Canadian Amateur Hockey Association (CAHA) to determine the champion of junior A ice hockey.	1970 Memorial Cup	ice hockey
sport	Markos Kalovelonis (Greek: Μάρκος Καλοβελώνης, Russian: Маркос Каловелонис; born 18 May 1994) is a Greek-Russian tennis player.	Markos Kalovelonis	tennis
sport	Amir Weintraub (Hebrew: אמיר ויינטרוב; born September 16, 1986) is an Israeli professional tennis player.	Amir Weintraub	tennis
sport	Patrick Baumann (born 8 January 1982) is a former Swiss professional association football player.	Patrick Baumann	association football
sport	A.S.D. Mariano Keller or simply Mariano Keller is an Italian association football club, based in Naples but currently playing San Giorgio a Cremano, Campania.	A.S.D. Mariano Keller	association football
sport	The West Adelaide Bearcats are a semi-professional basketball team competing in the Premier League.	West Adelaide Bearcats	basketball
sport	Rockford Forest Citys (officially the Forest City Club), from Rockford, Illinois was one of the first professional baseball clubs.	Rockford Forest Citys	baseball
sport	Japanese Regional Leagues (地域リーグ Chiiki Rīgu) are a group of parallel association football leagues in Japan that are organized on the regional basis.	Japanese Regional Leagues	association football
sport	Brotherhood Park is a former baseball ground located in Cleveland, Ohio.	Brotherhood Park	baseball
sport	Mark Izzard (born September 23, 1954) in Winnipeg, Manitoba is a former center Canadian ice hockey player.	Mark Izzard	ice hockey
sport	The Bullit World Darts Trophy was a professional darts tournament run by the British Darts Organisation and the World Darts Federation.	World Darts Trophy	darts
sport	The 2011 Canada Masters (also known as the 2011 Rogers Cup presented by National Bank and the 2011 Rogers Cup for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament to be played on outdoor hard courts in Canada.	2011 Rogers Cup	tennis
sport	Jamie Milam (born May 13, 1984 in Lake Orion, Michigan) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman for the Fife Flyers of the Elite Ice Hockey League.	Jamie Milam	ice hockey
sport	The 2014 Africa Cup was the fourteenth edition of the Africa Cup, an annual international rugby union tournament for African nations organised by the Confederation of African Rugby (CAR).	2014 Africa Cup	rugby union
sport	Daniel Franck was the first snowboarding athlete to win gold at the ESPN X-Games in Snow Summit --	Daniel Franck	snowboarding
sport	Meghann Shaughnessy (April 13, 1979 in Richmond, Virginia) is an American former professional tennis player.	Meghann Shaughnessy	tennis
sport	Oksana Kurt, also known as Oksana Parkhomenko, (born 28 July 1984 in Baku, Azerbaijan SSR); is an Azerbaijani indoor volleyball player of Azeryol Baku, also member and captain of the Azerbaijan women's national volleyball team.	Oksana Kurt	volleyball
sport	Panagiotis Kafkis (alternate spelling: Panayiotis) (Greek: Παναγιώτης Καυκής; born May 8, 1980 in Athens, Greece) is a Greek professional basketball player.	Panagiotis Kafkis	basketball
sport	The Mercian Regional Football League is an English association football league based in the county of Shropshire.	Mercian Regional Football League	association football
sport	The Wyndham Championship is a regular golf tournament on the PGA Tour.	Wyndham Championship	golf
sport	The Sicilian Open was a European Tour men's professional golf tournament.	Sicilian Open	golf
sport	Sebastianites Cricket and Athletic Club are a former first-class cricket team based in Moratuwa, Sri Lanka.	Sebastianites Cricket and Athletic Club	cricket
sport	World Rugby (WR) is the world governing body for the sport of rugby union.	World Rugby	rugby union
sport	The 2005 Davis Cup was the 94th edition of the most important tournament between nations in men's tennis.	2005 Davis Cup	tennis
sport	East Melbourne Football Club was an Australian rules football club which played in the Victorian Football Association (VFA) from 1880 - 1882.	East Melbourne Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	RK Đakovo is a team handball club from Đakovo, Croatia.	RK Đakovo	handball
sport	Jacquot Harinirina (born Antananarivo, 24 February 1981), known as Coco, is a Malagasy rugby union player.	Jacquot Harinirina	rugby union
sport	The England women's national under-17 football team, also known as England under-17s or England U17(s), represents England in association football at an under-17 age level and is controlled by the Football Association, the governing body for football in England.	England women's national under-17 football team	association football
sport	The SG Essen (full name: Startgemeinschaft Essen) is a swimming club in Essen (North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany).	SG Essen	swimming
sport	Gitte Sunesen (born December 11, 1971) is a Danish team handball player (goalkeeper), Olympic champion and World champion.	Gitte Sunesen	handball
sport	The 2011 Women's South American Volleyball Club Championship was the third official edition of the women's volleyball tournament, played by four teams over August 5--7, 2011 in José Liberatti Gymnassium in Osasco, Brazil.	2011 Women's South American Volleyball Club Championship	volleyball
sport	Quanitra Hollingsworth (Turkish: Kuanitra Holingsvorth, born November 15, 1988) is an American-Turkish professional basketball player who currently plays for the Seattle Storm of the WNBA.	Quanitra Hollingsworth	basketball
sport	Eishockeyclub Red Bull München (or EHC Red Bull München; English: Munich Ice Hockey Club) is a professional ice hockey team based in Munich, Germany that currently plays in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga.	EHC Red Bull München	ice hockey
sport	The Open de España Femenino is a professional golf tournament that has been part of the Ladies European Tour schedule since 2002.	Open de España Femenino	golf
sport	Jesper Roesen (born May 2, 1975 in Copenhagen) is a retired Danish taekwondo practitioner, who competed in the men's featherweight category.	Jesper Roesen	taekwondo
sport	Rugby Pro D2, also known as Pro D2 is the second division of domestic club rugby union in France.	Rugby Pro D2	rugby union
sport	Adrian Ungur (born 22 January 1985) is a Romanian tennis player who mainly competes on the ATP Challenger Tour.	Adrian Ungur	tennis
sport	Derek Wong Zi Liang (traditional Chinese: 黃梓良) (born 13 January 1989) is a Singaporean badminton player.	Derek Wong Zi Liang	badminton
sport	Jargalsaikhany Bayarsaikhan (born May 14, 1986) is a Mongolian ice hockey and bandy player, currently playing for Otgon Od.	Jargalsaikhany Bayarsaikhan	bandy
sport	Eisler Liván Hernández Carrera (Spanish pronunciation: (liˈβan erˈnandeθ); born February 20, 1975) is a Cuban former professional baseball pitcher in Major League Baseball.	Liván Hernández	baseball
sport	Lisa Stone (born August 14, 1962) is the head women's basketball coach at Saint Louis University.	Lisa Stone	basketball
sport	Jackie Campbell (born 27 February 1946 in Airdrie) is a Scottish former professional association football player.	Jackie Campbell	association football
sport	The Auto-Cycle Union (ACU) is the governing body of motorcycle sport in Great Britain, including the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man, but excluding Northern Ireland.	Auto-Cycle Union	motorcycle sport
sport	The Spanish Basketball Federation (Spanish: Federación Española de Baloncesto, FEB) is the governing body of basketball in Spain.	Spanish Basketball Federation	basketball
sport	Rugby Club Luxembourg, abbreviated to RCL, is a rugby union club, based in Cessange, Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg.	Rugby Club Luxembourg	rugby union
sport	Kornél Dávid (in English sometimes Kornel David, born October 22, 1971) is a retired Hungarian professional basketball player.	Kornél Dávid	basketball
sport	Simon Picone (born 26 September 1982) is an Italian rugby union player for Benetton Treviso in the RaboDirect Pro12 competition.	Simon Picone	rugby union
sport	The Royal Belgian Athletics League (Russian: Ligue Royale Belge d'Athlétisme) is the governing body for the sport of athletics in Belgium.	Royal Belgian Athletics League	sport of athletics
sport	Moustapha Fall (born February 23, 1992 in Paris) is a French basketball player who plays for French Pro A League club Poitiers.	Moustapha Fall	basketball
sport	The National Invitation Tournament (NIT) is a men's college basketball tournament operated by the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA).	National Invitation Tournament	basketball
sport	The 2008 Pilot Pen Tennis was a combined men's and women's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts.	2008 Pilot Pen Tennis	tennis
sport	The NAIA Men's Golf Championship is the annual tournament to determine the national champions of men's NAIA collegiate golf n the United States and Canada.	NAIA Men's Golf Championship	golf
sport	SpVgg SV Weiden, formerly just SpVgg Weiden, is a German association football club from the city of Weiden, Bavaria.	SpVgg SV Weiden	association football
sport	Duaner Sánchez (born October 14, 1979) is a retired Dominican-American professional baseball player.	Duaner Sánchez	baseball
sport	Arnaud Hauchard (born 15 November 1971) is a French chess grandmaster (2000).	Arnaud Hauchard	chess
sport	Massimo Bulleri (born September 10, 1977) is an Italian professional basketball player, who won the silver medal with the senior men's Italian national basketball team at the 2004 Summer Olympic Games in Athens, Greece.	Massimo Bulleri	basketball
sport	The Fédération Française de Tennis (FFT) (English: ``French tennis federation'') is the governing body for tennis in France.	Fédération Française de Tennis	tennis
sport	Jeff Sarwer (born May 14, 1978 in Kingston, Ontario) is a Canadian Finnish (dual citizenship) former child chess prodigy whose charismatic personality and chess talent made him a well known media figure.	Jeff Sarwer	chess
sport	Chris Mayor born 19 May 1982 in Wigan, England is a former Rugby League player for Wigan Warriors and currently a rugby union player for the Sale FC in the RFU's National League 2 North.	Chris Mayor	rugby union
sport	Derek Booth (born July 19, 1970 in Niagara Falls, Ontario) is a former professional ice hockey player and coach, and a former professional roller hockey player.	Derek Booth	ice hockey
sport	Émilie Gomis (born October 18, 1983) is a French-Senegalese professional basketball player currently playing point guard position for French club Hainaut Basket and played for Fenerbahçe of the TWBL league.	Émilie Gomis	basketball
sport	FC Avtodor Vladikavkaz (Russian: ФК ``Автодор'' Владикавказ) was a Russian association football club from Vladikavkaz, founded in 1983.	FC Avtodor Vladikavkaz	association football
sport	Vasilije Micić (Serbian: Василије Мицић, born 13 January 1994) is a Serbian professional basketball player for Crvena zvezda of the Basketball League of Serbia (KLS).	Vasilije Micić	basketball
sport	The 2010 FIBA World Championship Final was a basketball game between the men's national teams of Turkey and the United States that took place on September 12, 2010, at Sinan Erdem Dome in Istanbul, Turkey, to determine the winner of the 2010 FIBA World Championship.	2010 FIBA World Championship Final	basketball
sport	Ilia Zedginidze (Georgian: ილია ზედგინიძე) (born January 20, 1977) is a former Georgian rugby union player.	Ilia Zedginidze	rugby union
sport	The World Single Distance Championships are a series of speed skating competitions organised by the International Skating Union.	World Single Distance Championships	speed skating
sport	Gustavo Tsuboi (born May 30, 1984 in São Paulo, São Paulo) is a table tennis player from Brazil, he won three medals in double and team events in the Pan American Games.	Gustavo Tsuboi	table tennis
sport	The 2005 Campbell's Hall of Fame Championships was the 30th edition of the tennis tournament Hall of Fame Tennis Championships.	2005 Campbell's Hall of Fame Championships	tennis
sport	Jye Mullane (born 21 December 1981) is an Australian rugby league player currently playing for the New Haven Warriors in the AMNRL.	Jye Mullane	rugby league
sport	Franco Gandini (born 28 July 1936) is an Italian racing cyclist and Olympic champion in track cycling.	Franco Gandini	track cycling
sport	Lu Shanglei (Chinese: 卢尚磊; born 10 July 1995) is a Chinese chess grandmaster and World Junior Chess Champion in 2014.	Lu Shanglei	chess
sport	Randers HK is a women's handball club based in Randers, Denmark.	Randers HK	handball
sport	Lisa Andersen (born March 8, 1969, in New York) is a four-time world surfing champion from the United States.	Lisa Andersen	surfing
sport	The Sault Ste. Marie Marlboros, also known as the Canadian Soo and Soo Algonquins, was a professional ice hockey team from Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada.	Sault Ste. Marie Marlboros	ice hockey
sport	Emmanuel Bertin known as Manu Bertin (19 March 1963, in Toulon in France) is one of the pioneers of the sport of Kite surfing.	Manu Bertin	surfing
sport	The 1998 Sparkassen Cup was a women's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in Leipzig in Germany that was part of Tier II of the 1998 WTA Tour.	1998 Sparkassen Cup	tennis
sport	Wolfgang Heidenfeld (German pronunciation: (ˈvɔlfɡaŋ haɪ̯dənfɛlt); 29 May 1911 -- 3 August 1981) was a chess player.	Wolfgang Heidenfeld	chess
sport	The 1963 FIBA World Championship was an international basketball competition hosted by Brazil.	1963 FIBA World Championship	basketball
sport	The 2003 Breil Milano Indoor was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in Milan in Italy and was part of the International Series of the 2003 ATP Tour.	2003 Breil Milano Indoor	tennis
sport	Ousmane Cisse (born October 20, 1982) is a Malian retired professional basketball player.	Ousmane Cisse	basketball
sport	The South American Youth Football Championship, also known as U-20 South American Championship and Juventud de América (English: ``America's Youth'') is a South American association football tournament organized by the CONMEBOL (CONfederación SudaMEricana de FútBOL), for South American national teams of men under age of 20.	South American Youth Football Championship	association football
sport	The ISU World Team Trophy in Figure Skating is a figure skating team competition sanctioned by the International Skating Union.	ISU World Team Trophy in Figure Skating	figure skating
sport	Slovak Extraliga (Slovenská Extraliga) is the name of the highest-level ice hockey league in Slovakia.	Slovak Extraliga	ice hockey
sport	Preti Mangimi (UCI team code: GAP) was a professional continental road bicycle racing team based in Italy, which participated in UCI Europe Tour and when selected as a wildcard to UCI ProTour events.	Preti Mangimi	road bicycle racing
sport	Alex Anthopoulos (born May 25, 1977) is a Canadian professional baseball executive with the Los Angeles Dodgers organization.	Alex Anthopoulos	baseball
sport	Adel Tlatli is a Tunisian professional basketball coach.	Adel Tlatli	basketball
sport	Heidi Astrup (born 31 May 1972) is a Danish team handball player and Olympic champion.	Heidi Astrup	handball
sport	Lukáš Kašpar (born September 23, 1985) is a Czech professional ice hockey player.	Lukáš Kašpar	ice hockey
sport	The Swift Current Broncos are a junior ice hockey team in the Western Hockey League.	Swift Current Broncos	ice hockey
sport	The 2002 ACC Trophy was a cricket tournament held from 10--21 July 2002 in Singapore.	2002 ACC Trophy	cricket
sport	Campbelltown City Kangaroos Rugby League Football Club is an Australian semi-professional rugby league football club based in Campbelltown, New South Wales.	Campbelltown City Kangaroos	rugby league
sport	Sorrento Calcio is an Italian association football club from Sorrento, Campania, the club was founded during 1945.	Sorrento Calcio	association football
sport	The 2007 Latvian Figure Skating Championships (Latvian: Latvijas Čempionāts daiļslidošanā 2007) were the Latvian Figure Skating Championships of the 2006-2007 figure skating season.	2007 Latvian Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	The Romania Davis Cup team represents Romania in Davis Cup tennis competition, being governed by the Romanian Tennis Federation and currently competes in the 2014 Davis Cup Europe/Africa Zone Group I.	Romania Davis Cup team	tennis
sport	Gaëtan Belaud (born 16 September 1986) is a French association football defender, currently playing for French side Stade Brestois in Ligue 2, the second tier of French football.	Gaëtan Belaud	association football
sport	Vesta Kasputė (Vesta Kalvytė; born on 5 December 1984 in Panevėžys) is a Lithuanian chess player with the title of Woman FIDE Master (WFM), lawyer at ``bnt'' Law Firm.	Vesta Kasputė	chess
sport	Rostislav Olesz (born October 10, 1985) is a professional ice hockey left winger, currently playing for HC Vítkovice of the Czech Extraliga.	Rostislav Olesz	ice hockey
sport	Jesús de la Rosa (born August 5, 1953) is a former professional baseball player whose career extended from 1969 through 1980.	Jesús de la Rosa	baseball
sport	Aruban Division di Honor or Campeonato AVB Aruba Bank is the top level association football league in Aruba.	Aruban Division di Honor	association football
sport	The World Archery Europe (WAE, also and formerly known as EMAU from European and Mediterranean Archery Union) is an archery organization headquartered in Rome, Italy.	World Archery Europe	archery
sport	Jiří Holík (born July 9, 1944) is a Czech former professional ice hockey player and coach.	Jiří Holík	ice hockey
sport	Gavin Escobar (born February 3, 1991), nicknamed ``Pablo,'' is an American football tight end for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League (NFL).	Gavin Escobar	American football
sport	Fotios Zoumpos (alternate spellings: Fotis, Zoubos) (Greek: Φώτης Ζούμπος; born April 4, 1993) is a Greek professional basketball player.	Fotios Zoumpos	basketball
sport	The Koninklijke Nederlandse Baseball en Softball Bond (Royal Netherlands Baseball and Softball Federation) is the national governing body of baseball in the Netherlands.	Koninklijke Nederlandse Baseball en Softball Bond	baseball
sport	The 2016 Davis Cup is the 105th edition of the Davis Cup, a tournament between national teams in men's tennis.	2016 Davis Cup	tennis
sport	Maarten Froger (born May 17, 1977) is a former field hockey striker from the Netherlands, who won the 2002 Champions Trophy with the Dutch Men's Team in Cologne, Germany.	Maarten Froger	field hockey
sport	Terenure Cricket Club, formerly CYM Cricket Club (standing for Catholic Young Men's Society) is a cricket club in Dublin, Republic of Ireland, playing in Division 2 of the Leinster Senior League.	Terenure Cricket Club	cricket
sport	The 2004 Florida Gators football team represented the University of Florida in the sport of American football during the 2004 college football season.	2004 Florida Gators football team	American football
sport	The New Jersey Turnpike Titans were an American semi-professional rugby league football team based in Jersey City, New Jersey.	New Jersey Turnpike Titans	rugby league
sport	The O'Brien Trophy, or O'Brien Cup, as labelled on the trophy itself, is a retired trophy that was awarded in the National Hockey Association (NHA) and the National Hockey League (NHL) ice hockey leagues of North America from 1910 to 1950.	O'Brien Trophy	ice hockey
sport	Valentin Lavillenie (born 16 July 1991) is a French athlete specialising in the pole vault.	Valentin Lavillenie	pole vault
sport	The Memorial Artemio Franchi was a summer association football friendly tournament that took place twice, in the Stadio Artemio Franchi, Florence, Italy, in 2008 and 2009.	Memorial Artemio Franchi	association football
sport	Maikon Bonani (born January 29, 1989) is an American football placekicker from Brazil who is currently a free agent.	Maikon Bonani	American football
sport	Yogi Berra Stadium is a baseball stadium in Little Falls, New Jersey, US, on the campus of Montclair State University.	Yogi Berra Stadium	baseball
sport	Marcel Jenni (born March 2, 1974 in Zürich, Switzerland) is a Swiss professional ice hockey winger who is currently a free agent.	Marcel Jenni	ice hockey
sport	Kim Bruce-Lockhart was a Scottish professional squash player.	Kim Bruce-Lockhart	squash
spouse	Veronica Lario (born on 19 July 1956 as Miriam Raffaella Bartolini) is a former Italian actress and the former wife of Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi.	Veronica Lario	Silvio Berlusconi
spouse	Ingrid von Rosen (sometimes cited as Ingrid Bergman; 17 January 1930 -- 20 May 1995) was married to Swedish film director Ingmar Bergman.	Ingrid von Rosen	Ingmar Bergman
spouse	Empress Xiaoduanxian (Chinese: 孝端顯皇后; 1565 -- April, 1620), personal name Wang Xijie (Chinese: 王喜姐), was the empress of the Wanli Emperor of the Chinese Ming dynasty.	Wang Xijie	Wanli Emperor
spouse	Anna Maria Calhoun Clemson (1817--1875) was the daughter of John C. Calhoun and the wife of Thomas Green Clemson, the founder of Clemson University.	Anna Maria Calhoun Clemson	Thomas Green Clemson
spouse	The film, starring Dev Anand, Geeta Bali and Kalpana Kartik was a trendsetter, regarded as the forerunner of the spate of urban crime films that followed in Bollywood in the 1950s.	Dev Anand	Kalpana Kartik
spouse	Empress Xiaoherui (1776 -- 23 January 1850) was the second Empress Consort of the Jiaqing Emperor of the Qing Dynasty.	Empress Xiaoherui	Jiaqing Emperor
spouse	Harriet Siddons, before her marriage Harriet Murray, sometimes Mrs. Henry Siddons (16 April 1783 -- 2 November 1844) was a Scottish actress and theatre manager.	Harriet Siddons	Henry Siddons
spouse	Carl-Axel Söderström (December 23, 1893 -- November 27, 1976) was a Swedish photographer and cinematographer who accompanied Clärenore Stinnes on a two-year automobile journey around the world.	Carl-Axel Söderström	Clärenore Stinnes
spouse	Me Yun San (Burmese: မယ်ယွန်းစံ (mɛ̀ jʊ́ɴ sàɴ); 1713--1771) was the chief queen of King Alaungpaya of Burma (Myanmar), and the mother of three kings of Konbaung Dynasty:	Yun San	Alaungpaya
spouse	Her film career received a major boost when the director Alexander Korda took an interest and gave her a small but prominent role, under the name Merle Oberon, as Anne Boleyn in The Private Life of Henry VIII (1933) opposite Charles Laughton.	Merle Oberon	Alexander Korda
spouse	Princess Amélie of Leuchtenberg (Portuguese: Amélia Augusta Eugénia de Leuchtenberg; French: Amélie Auguste Eugénie de Leuchtenberg), (31 July 1812 -- 26 January 1873) was Empress of Brazil as the wife of Pedro I of Brazil.	Amélie of Leuchtenberg	Pedro I
spouse	Catherine Madox Brown Hueffer (11 November 1850 -- 1927), also known as Cathy, the first child of Ford Madox Brown and Emma Hill, was an artist and model associated with the Pre-Raphaelites and married to the writer Francis Hueffer.	Catherine Madox Brown	Francis Hueffer
spouse	Emma Bardac (1862--1934), née Moyse, was the mutual love interest of both Gabriel Fauré and Claude Debussy.	Emma Bardac	Claude Debussy
spouse	Camille Paule (Pesmes, 1 March 1867 -- Champagney, 22 September 1946) was the husband of Salima Machamba, sultan (queen) of Mohéli (Mwali) (1901--1909).	Camille Paule	Salima Machamba
spouse	Sofia Nerbrand was married to Johan Norberg, with whom she has two children.	Sofia Nerbrand	Johan Norberg
spouse	Duchess Marie Eleonore of Cleves (16 June 1550 -- 1 June 1608) was a Duchess consort of Prussia as the wife of Albert Frederick, Duke of Prussia.	Marie Eleonore of Cleves	Albert Frederick, Duke of Prussia
spouse	Kang Keqing (Chinese: 康克清; pinyin: Kāng Kèqīng; September 7, 1911 -- April 22, 1992) was a politician of the People's Republic of China, and the wife of Zhu De.	Kang Keqing	Zhu De
spouse	Fulvia's third and final marriage was to Mark Antony in 47 or 46 BC, a few years after Curio's death, although Cicero suggested that Fulvia and Antony had had a relationship since 58 BC. Cicero wrote about their relationship in his Philippics as a way of attacking Antony.	Fulvia	Mark Antony
spouse	Harbhajan Singh married his longtime girlfriend, actress Geeta Basra, on 29 October 2015 in Jalandhar.	Harbhajan Singh	Geeta Basra
spouse	Maria van Riebeeck (née de la Queillerie; 28 October 1629 -- 2 November 1664) was the first wife of Jan van Riebeeck, the Dutch colonial administrator and first commander of the settlement at the Cape.	Maria van Riebeeck	Jan van Riebeeck
spouse	Tuor remained in Gondolin, and wed Turgon's daughter, Idril Celebrindal.	Tuor	Idril
spouse	Blonde and beautiful but emotionally shallow, Betty Draper is introduced as the wife of lead character Don Draper, a philandering advertising executive secretly living under a false identity.	Betty Draper	Don Draper
spouse	Gladys Bustamante, OJ, (8 March 1912 -- 25 July 2009) was a Jamaican workers' and women's rights activist and the widow of Jamaica's first Prime Minister, Sir Alexander Bustamante.	Gladys Bustamante	Alexander Bustamante
spouse	Asahi no kata (朝日の方) (1543 -- February 18, 1590) was a half-sister of Toyotomi Hideyoshi and wife of Tokugawa Ieyasu, two of Japan's greatest feudal warlords.	Asahi no kata	Tokugawa Ieyasu
spouse	In 1956 Niels Onstad married Sonja Henie.	Niels Onstad	Sonja Henie
spouse	Myra Soble (March 18, 1904 -- 1992) together with her husband Jack Soble was tried and jailed for her involvement in the Soble spy ring.	Myra Soble	Jack Soble
spouse	Maria Barbara Bach (30 October (O.S. 20 October) 1684 -- buried 7 July 1720) was the first wife of composer Johann Sebastian Bach.	Maria Barbara Bach	Johann Sebastian Bach
spouse	Helbirga of Austria (died 1142), was a Duchess consort of Bohemia, married to Bořivoj II, Duke of Bohemia.	Helbirga of Austria	Bořivoj II, Duke of Bohemia
spouse	The character of Orson Hodge was originally planned as a romantic interest for Susan Mayer (Teri Hatcher), according to executive producer Tom Spezialy, until Cherry decided to pair Orson with Bree Van de Kamp (Marcia Cross).	Orson Hodge	Bree Van de Kamp
spouse	Woeser is married to Wang Lixiong, a renowned author who frequently writes about Tibet.	Woeser	Wang Lixiong
spouse	On January 20, 2010, it was announced that Michael McKean would return to an episode of Smallville alongside his real life wife, Annette O'Toole.	Michael McKean	Annette O'Toole
spouse	Elisabeth Therese of Lorraine (15 October 1711 -- 3 July 1741) was born a Princess of Lorraine and was the last queen consort of Charles Emmanuel III of Sardinia.	Elisabeth Therese of Lorraine	Charles Emmanuel III of Sardinia
spouse	In 1951 Geer founded the Will Geer Theatricum Botanicum in Topanga, California, with his wife, Herta Ware.	Will Geer	Herta Ware
spouse	The Victorian Premier's Literary Award for fiction is named the Vance Palmer Prize, while the prize for non-fiction is the Nettie Palmer Prize (until 2010 when under the stewardship of the Wheeler Centre they were renamed as Victorian Premier's Prizes).	Vance Palmer	Nettie Palmer
spouse	Margherita de' Medici (31 May 1612 -- 6 February 1679) was Duchess of Parma and Piacenza by her marriage to Odoardo Farnese, Duke of Parma.	Margherita de' Medici	Odoardo Farnese, Duke of Parma
spouse	Gabrielle Robinne was married to actor René Alexandre from 1912 until his death in 1946.	Gabrielle Robinne	René Alexandre
spouse	Liv Corfixen directed the documentary My Life Directed by Nicolas Winding Refn centered on the life and work of Winding Refn.	Nicolas Winding Refn	Liv Corfixen
spouse	Bikram Choudhury is married to Rajashree Choudhury, founder of the United States Yoga Federation.	Bikram Choudhury	Rajashree Choudhury
spouse	At approximately age 13, Sacagawea was taken as a wife by Toussaint Charbonneau, a Quebecois trapper living in the village.	Sacagawea	Toussaint Charbonneau
voice type	Francesca Bertolli (b Rome; d Bologna, 9 Jan 1767) was an Italian contralto of the 18th century.	Francesca Bertolli	contralto
