author	Cadenus and Vanessa is a poem by Jonathan Swift about one of his lovers, Esther Vanhomrigh (Vanessa), written in 1712 and published as a book in 1726, three years after the death of Vanhomrigh.	Cadenus and Vanessa	Jonathan Swift
author	Cannibalism in the Cars is a short story written in 1868 by American writer Mark Twain.	Cannibalism in the Cars	Mark Twain
author	At the Crossing Places is the second book in the Arthur trilogy by Kevin Crossley-Holland.	At the Crossing Places	Kevin Crossley-Holland
author	The Historian is the 2005 debut novel of American author Elizabeth Kostova.	The Historian	Elizabeth Kostova
author	Beyond Civilization (subtitled Humanity's Next Great Adventure) is a book by Daniel Quinn written as a non-fiction follow-up to his acclaimed Ishmael trilogy--	Beyond Civilization	Daniel Quinn
author	The Image of Irelande, with a Discoverie of Woodkarne is a 1581 book by John Derricke.	The Image of Irelande, with a Discoverie of Woodkarne	John Derricke
author	Isle of Canes (ISBN 1-59331-306-3), a novel by Elizabeth Shown Mills, follows an African family from its importation and enslavement in 1735 through four generations of freedom in Creole Louisiana to its re-subjugation by Jim Crow at the close of the nineteenth century.	Isle of Canes	Elizabeth Shown Mills
author	The First Immortal (1998) is a novel by James L. Halperin about life of a man born in 1925 who dies in 1988 and is re-animated after a cryonics procedure.	The First Immortal	James L. Halperin
author	Year's Best SF 8 (ISBN 0-06-106453-X) is a science fiction anthology edited by David G. Hartwell and Kathryn Cramer that was published in 2003.	Year's Best SF 8	David G. Hartwell	Kathryn Cramer
author	The Light Fantastic is a comic fantasy novel by Terry Pratchett, the second of the Discworld series.	The Light Fantastic	Terry Pratchett
author	The passer-through-walls (French: Le Passe-muraille), translated as The Man Who Walked through Walls, The Walker-through-Walls or The Man who Could Walk through Walls, is a short story published by Marcel Aymé in 1943.	The passer-through-walls	Marcel Aymé
author	No Other Life is a novel by Northern Irish-Canadian writer Brian Moore, published in 1993.	No Other Life	Brian Moore
author	The Generation of Animals (or On the Generation of Animals; Greek Περὶ ζῴων γενέσεως; Latin De Generatione Animalium) is a text by Aristotle.	Generation of Animals	Aristotle
author	The Astounding, the Amazing, and the Unknown is an alternate historical adventure novel written by Paul Malmont, the second book in a series featuring real-life pulp magazine authors of the past as the heroes of adventures reminiscent of their favored genres.	The Astounding, the Amazing, and the Unknown	Paul Malmont
author	Meyebela, My Bengali Girlhood is a 1998 autobiographical book by Bangladeshi doctor, turned feminist writer Taslima Nasrin.	Meyebela, My Bengali Girlhood	Taslima Nasrin
author	Study War No More is a science fiction anthology edited by science fiction author and Vietnam War veteran Joe Haldeman.	Study War No More	Joe Haldeman
author	Mémoires (Memories) is an artist's book made by the Danish artist Asger Jorn in collaboration with the French artist and theorist Guy Debord.	Mémoires	Asger Jorn	Guy Debord
author	The Tango Singer is a novel by Tomás Eloy Martínez, translated to English by Anne McLean.	The Tango Singer	Tomás Eloy Martínez
author	Sing to the Dawn is a story by the American author Minfong Ho, which was originally published as a short story and was awarded first prize by the Council of Interracial Books for Children in New York in 1975.	Sing to the Dawn	Minfong Ho
author	The Pax Britannica Trilogy comprises three books of history written by Jan Morris, formerly James Morris.	Pax Britannica Trilogy	Jan Morris
author	``The Liberation of Earth'' is a science fiction short story by William Tenn, written in 1950, first published in 1953, and reprinted over a dozen times in various anthologies and in 1955 in the William Tenn collection Of all Possible Worlds.	The Liberation of Earth	William Tenn
author	Discworld is a comic fantasy book series written by the English author Terry Pratchett (1948--2015), set on the fictional Discworld, a flat disc balanced on the backs of four elephants which in turn stand on the back of a giant turtle, Great A'Tuin.	Discworld	Terry Pratchett
author	The Suffrage of Elvira is a comic novel by V. S. Naipaul set in colonial Trinidad.	The Suffrage of Elvira	V. S. Naipaul
author	She Has a Name is a play about human trafficking written by Andrew Kooman in 2009 as a single act and expanded to full length in 2010.	She Has a Name	Andrew Kooman
author	Yoko Tsuno is a comics album series created by the Belgian writer Roger Leloup published by Dupuis in Spirou magazine since its debut in 1970.	Yoko Tsuno	Roger Leloup
author	Beyond the Mexique Bay is a travel book by Aldous Huxley, first published in 1934.	Beyond the Mexique Bay	Aldous Huxley
author	Mostly Harmless is a novel by Douglas Adams and the fifth book in the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy series.	Mostly Harmless	Douglas Adams
author	The History of the Lombards or the History of the Langobards (Latin: Historia Langobardorum) is the chief work by Paul the Deacon, written in the late 8th century.	History of the Lombards	Paul the Deacon
author	Internet and Technology Law Desk Reference is a non-fiction book about information technology law, written by Michael Dennis Scott.	Internet and Technology Law Desk Reference	Michael Dennis Scott
author	Jeevanko Chheubaata (Nepali: जीवनको छेउबाट) is the second collection of poetry in Nepali by internationally recognized and award-winning Nepali poet Suman Pokhrel, published by Vaani Publication, Nepal in December 2009.	Jeevanko Chheubaata	Suman Pokhrel
author	Between Mom and Jo is an American young adult novel by Julie Anne Peters, published in 2006.	Between Mom and Jo	Julie Anne Peters
author	``Byomjatrir Diary'' (Bengali: ব্যোমযাত্রীর ডায়রি, The Spaceman's Diary) was the first story of Professor Shanku series by Indian writer Satyajit Ray.	Byomjatrir Diary	Satyajit Ray
author	``The Tractate Middoth'' is a short ghost story by British author M. R. James.	The Tractate Middoth	M. R. James
author	The House on the Borderland and Other Novels is a collection of short novels by author William Hope Hodgson.	The House on the Borderland and Other Novels	William Hope Hodgson
author	Artifact of Evil is a fantasy novel by Gary Gygax, set in the world of Greyhawk, which is based on the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game.	Artifact of Evil	Gary Gygax
author	Cart and Cwidder is a fantasy novel for young adults by the British author Diana Wynne Jones.	Cart and Cwidder	Diana Wynne Jones
author	Against Eratosthenes is a speech by Lysias, one of the ten Attic orators.	Against Eratosthenes	Lysias
author	A Scrap of Time and Other Stories, written by Ida Fink, is a collection of fictional short stories relating various characters to the Jewish experience of the Holocaust.	A Scrap of Time and Other Stories	Ida Fink
author	Pelléas and Mélisande (French: Pelléas et Mélisande) is a Symbolist play by Maurice Maeterlinck about the forbidden, doomed love of the title characters.	Pelléas and Mélisande	Maurice Maeterlinck
author	Our Exploits At West Poley is short story by Thomas Hardy which he wrote in 1892--3, subtitled ``a story for boys''.	Our Exploits At West Poley	Thomas Hardy
author	The Freebooter of the Baltic (Swedish: Fribytaren på Östersjön, 1857) is an early novel by the Swedish romantic novelist Viktor Rydberg.	The Freebooter of the Baltic	Viktor Rydberg
author	Monster Manual III was published in 2004, and was designed by Rich Burlew, Eric Cagle, Jesse Decker, Andrew J. Finch, Gwendolyn F.M. Kestrel, Rich Redman, Matthew Sernett, Chris Thomasson, and P. Nathan Toomey.	Monster Manual III	Rich Burlew
author	The Long Secret is a children's novel written and illustrated by Louise Fitzhugh that was released by Harper & Row on October 27, 1965.	The Long Secret	Louise Fitzhugh
author	The Mughal Harem is a book by historian K. S. Lal published in 1988.	The Mughal Harem	K. S. Lal
author	In the Tall Grass is a novella written by Stephen King and his son Joe Hill.	In the Tall Grass	Stephen King	Joe Hill
author	``N'avoue jamais'' (``Never admit'') was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1965, performed in French by Guy Mardel.	N'avoue jamais	Guy Mardel
author	The Merry Wives of Windsor is a comedy by William Shakespeare, first published in 1602, though believed to have been written prior to 1597.	The Merry Wives of Windsor	William Shakespeare
author	Combat avec l'ange (Struggle with the Angel) is a novel by French playwright and novelist Jean Giraudoux and published by éditions Grasset in 1934.	Combat avec l'ange	Jean Giraudoux
author	Borstal Boy is a 1958 autobiographical book by Brendan Behan.	Borstal Boy	Brendan Behan
author	I Am Not Sidney Poitier is a 2009 novel written by Percival Everett.	I Am Not Sidney Poitier	Percival Everett
author	Warrior Scarlet (1958) is a historical novel by Rosemary Sutcliff.	Warrior Scarlet	Rosemary Sutcliff
author	Preserve and Protect is a 1968 political novel written by Allen Drury.	Preserve and Protect	Allen Drury
author	Why I Am Not a Christian is an essay by the British philosopher Bertrand Russell.	Why I Am Not a Christian	Bertrand Russell
author	Hermeneutic Communism: from Heidegger to Marx is a 2011 book of political philosophy by Gianni Vattimo and Santiago Zabala.	Hermeneutic Communism	Gianni Vattimo	Santiago Zabala
author	Bones of Faerie is a young adult fantasy novel by Janni Lee Simner, first published in 2009.	Bones of Faerie	Janni Lee Simner
author	The Daughter of Time is a 1951 detective novel by Josephine Tey, concerning a modern police officer's investigation into the alleged crimes of King Richard III of England.	The Daughter of Time	Josephine Tey
author	Les Cités obscures (literally The Obscure Cities, but initially published in English as Cities of the Fantastic) is a graphic novel series set on a Counter-Earth, started by the Belgian comics artist François Schuiten and his friend, writer Benoît Peeters in the early 1980s.	Les Cités obscures	Benoît Peeters
author	My Utmost for His Highest is a daily devotional by Oswald Chambers (1874-1917) that compiles his Christian preaching to students and soldiers.	My Utmost for His Highest	Oswald Chambers
author	Barbarian Odes (Italian: Odi barbare) is a collection of three books of poetry by Giosuè Carducci, published between 1877 and 1889.	Barbarian Odes	Giosuè Carducci
author	``The Heart of a Broken Story'' is a short story by J. D. Salinger, published in the September 1941 issue of Esquire.	The Heart of a Broken Story	J. D. Salinger
author	When the Devil Dances is the third book in John Ringo's Legacy of the Aldenata series.	When the Devil Dances	John Ringo
author	You Shall Know Our Velocity! is a 2002 novel by Dave Eggers.	You Shall Know Our Velocity	Dave Eggers
author	Yellow Back Radio Broke-Down, by the African-American writer Ishmael Reed, is a satirical take on the traditional Western.	Yellow Back Radio Broke-Down	Ishmael Reed
author	Pale Horse Coming (ISBN 0-684-86361-8) is a novel by Stephen Hunter published in 2001.	Pale Horse Coming	Stephen Hunter
author	I Had Trouble in Getting to Solla Sollew is a 1965 children's book by Dr. Seuss.	I Had Trouble in Getting to Solla Sollew	Dr. Seuss
author	The Widows of Eastwick is the final novel by John Updike, author of the Pulitzer-prize winning ``Rabbit'' series.	The Widows of Eastwick	John Updike
author	The Sky People is an alternate history science fiction novel by American writer S. M. Stirling.	The Sky People	S. M. Stirling
author	Damini Bhir (also spelled Damini Bheer or दमिनी भीर) is a Nepali novel by Rajan Mukarung which won the Madan Puraskar for 2012.	Damini Bhir	Rajan Mukarung
author	The Stupids are a fictional family which appear in a series of children's books written by Harry Allard and James Marshall.	The Stupids	James Marshall
author	Abhorsen is a fantasy novel by Australian writer Garth Nix, first published in 2003.	Abhorsen	Garth Nix
author	The Butterfly that Stamped is part of a series of books known as Just So Stories by Rudyard Kipling.	The Butterfly that Stamped	Rudyard Kipling
author	The Best Halloween Ever! is a book by Barbara Robinson.	The Best Halloween Ever	Barbara Robinson
author	Cicero's Divinatio in Caecilium is his oration against Quintus Caecilius in the process for selecting a prosecutor of Gaius Verres (70 BCE).	Divinatio in Caecilium	Cicero
author	Aunt Jane's Nieces at Millville is a 1908 young-adult novel written by L. Frank Baum, famous as the creator of the Land of Oz. It is the third volume in ``the successful Aunt Jane Series,'' following Aunt Jane's Nieces and Aunt Jane's Nieces Abroad.	Aunt Jane's Nieces at Millville	L. Frank Baum
author	Haunted Mesa is a science fiction novel by Louis L'Amour, set in the American Southwest amidst the ruins of the Anasazi.	Haunted Mesa	Louis L'Amour
author	Rumo and His Miraculous Adventures is a fantasy novel, written and comically illustrated by German author Walter Moers.	Rumo and His Miraculous Adventures	Walter Moers
author	Princeps' Fury is a 2008 high fantasy novel by Jim Butcher.	Princeps' Fury	Jim Butcher
author	Of Time and the River (subtitled A Legend of Man's Hunger in his Youth) is a 1935 novel by American novelist Thomas Wolfe.	Of Time and the River	Thomas Wolfe
author	A Talent for War is a science fiction and mystery novel by Jack McDevitt, the story of a search by Alex Benedict, the protagonist, to discover the nature of a mysterious project Alex's uncle had been working on at the time of his death.	A Talent for War	Jack McDevitt
author	The Other Boleyn Girl (2001) is a historical novel written by British author Philippa Gregory, loosely based on the life of 15th-century aristocrat Mary Boleyn, the sister of Anne Boleyn, of whom little is known.	The Other Boleyn Girl	Philippa Gregory
author	Trading Secrets (French: Confidence pour confidence) is a 1998 novel by the French writer Paule Constant.	Trading Secrets	Paule Constant
author	The Mirror and the Light is an upcoming historical novel by Hilary Mantel, the final part of a planned trilogy charting the rise and fall of Thomas Cromwell, the powerful minister in the court of King Henry VIII.	The Mirror and the Light	Hilary Mantel
author	Historia de la eternidad (in English: A History of Eternity) is the first essay book published by Argentine author Jorge Luis Borges, in 1936 (editio princeps).	Historia de la eternidad	Jorge Luis Borges
author	Dune Messiah is a science fiction novel by Frank Herbert, the second in his Dune series of six novels.	Dune Messiah	Frank Herbert
author	Autumn Visits is a science fiction novel by Sergey Lukyanenko, published in 1997 in book form.	Autumn Visits	Sergey Lukyanenko
author	Ten Thousand a-Year is a novel written by English barrister Samuel Warren.	Ten Thousand a-Year	Samuel Warren
author	The Man Who Turned Into A Stick(棒になった男 -- Bō ni natta otoko) is a one-act play written in 1957 by Kōbō Abe.	The Man Who Turned Into A Stick	Kōbō Abe
author	The Silent Traveller in London is a 1938 book by the Chinese author Chiang Yee.	The Silent Traveller in London	Chiang Yee
author	Leather-Nose (French: Nez-de-Cuir) is a 1936 novel by the French writer Jean de La Varende, about Achille Perrier de La Genevraye, an officer during the Napoleonic Wars and the author's grand uncle.	Leather-Nose	Jean de La Varende
author	Old Man's War is a military science fiction and debut novel by John Scalzi published in 2005.	Old Man's War	John Scalzi
author	The Astronauts (in Polish Astronauci) is the first science fiction novel by Polish writer Stanisław Lem published as a book, in 1951.	The Astronauts	Stanisław Lem
author	Mythago Wood is a fantasy novel written by Robert Holdstock that was published in the United Kingdom in 1984.	Mythago Wood	Robert Holdstock
author	The Lords of Strategy is a book by Walter Kiechel III, a business journalist, former Editorial Director of the Harvard Business Review and former Managing Editor of Fortune magazine, which presents the analysis of strategy evolution since the 1960s.	The Lords of Strategy	Walter Kiechel
author	``The Doctor's Case'' is a short story by American author Stephen King, originally published in The New Adventures of Sherlock Holmes, a 1987 centennial collection, and reprinted in his collection Nightmares & Dreamscapes.	The Doctor's Case	Stephen King
author	The War in Eastern Europe is a book that describes John Reed's second trip after the first World War broke out.	The War in Eastern Europe	John Reed
author	Men of Iron is an 1891 novel by the American author Howard Pyle, who also illustrated it.	Men of Iron	Howard Pyle
author	The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster is a religious book written by Bobby Henderson that embodies the main beliefs of the religion the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster or Pastafarianism.	The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster	Bobby Henderson
author	Girl Got Game, originally published in Japan as Power!!, is a manga series written and illustrated by Shizuru Seino.	Girl Got Game	Shizuru Seino
author	``Big Game Hunt'' is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke, first published in 1956.	Big Game Hunt	Arthur C. Clarke
author	``Ulalume'' is a poem written by Edgar Allan Poe in 1847.	Ulalume	Edgar Allan Poe
author	Trigger Mortis is a 2015 James Bond novel written by Anthony Horowitz, and the latest Bond novel to be commissioned by the estate of Bond's creator Ian Fleming, which was published on 8 September 2015.	Trigger Mortis	Anthony Horowitz
author	Atomic Lobster is the tenth novel by Tim Dorsey.	Atomic Lobster	Tim Dorsey
author	The Dangerous Journey (Orig. Swedish Den farliga resan) is a children's picture book in the Moomin series by Tove Jansson.	The Dangerous Journey	Tove Jansson
author	No More Dead Dogs is a novel by Gordon Korman published in 2002.	No More Dead Dogs	Gordon Korman
author	A Mind at Peace (Archipelago Books, 2008 and 2011; English translation by Erdağ Göknar of Huzur, 1949) is an iconic Turkish novel by Ahmet Hamdi Tanpınar (1901--62), one of the pioneers of literary modernism in Turkey.	A Mind at Peace	Ahmet Hamdi Tanpınar
author	``The Shadow of the Vulture'' is a short story by American writer Robert E. Howard, first published in The Magic Carpet Magazine, January 1934.	The Shadow of the Vulture	Robert E. Howard
author	A Natural History of the Senses is a 1990 non-fiction book by American author, poet, and naturalist Diane Ackerman.	A Natural History of the Senses	Diane Ackerman
author	On Liberty is a philosophical work by English philosopher John Stuart Mill, originally intended as a short essay.	On Liberty	John Stuart Mill
author	Dogsong is a 1985 young adult novel by Gary Paulsen and is a Newbery Honor Book winner.	Dogsong	Gary Paulsen
author	The Definitive Biography of P.D.Q. Bach (1807--1742)? is a book by Prof. Peter Schickele chronicling the life of fictitious composer P. D. Q. Bach.	The Definitive Biography of P.D.Q. Bach	Peter Schickele
author	American Conspiracies is a book written by former Governor of Minnesota Jesse Ventura, together with Dick Russell.	American Conspiracies	Jesse Ventura
author	The Bad Girl, originally published in 2006 in Spanish as Travesuras de la niña mala, is a novel by Peruvian author Mario Vargas Llosa, who won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2010.	The Bad Girl	Mario Vargas Llosa
author	Don't Look Behind You is a 1990 young adult thriller novel by Lois Duncan.	Don't Look Behind You	Lois Duncan
author	The Legend of the Holy Drinker (German: Die Legende vom heiligen Trinker) is a 1939 novella by the Austrian writer Joseph Roth, published posthumously by Allert de Lange Verlag in Amsterdam.	The Legend of the Holy Drinker	Joseph Roth
author	Dark Visions is a 1989 horror fiction compilation, with three short stories by Stephen King, three by Dan Simmons, and one by George R. R. Martin.	Dark Visions	Stephen King	Dan Simmons	George R. R. Martin
author	``The Village Blacksmith'' is a poem by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, first published in 1840.	The Village Blacksmith	Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
author	The Bagford Ballads were English ballads collected by John Bagford (1651 - 1716) for Robert Harley, first Earl of Oxford.	The Bagford Ballads	John Bagford
author	The Silver Cloud Café (1996) is the second novel by Alfredo Véa, Jr..	The Silver Cloud Café	Alfredo Véa, Jr.
author	National Velvet is a novel by Enid Bagnold (1889--1981), first published in 1935.	National Velvet	Enid Bagnold
author	Le Paysan de Paris is a surrealist book about places in Paris by Louis Aragon which was first published in 1926 by Editions Gallimard.	Le Paysan de Paris	Louis Aragon
author	By Grand Central Station I Sat Down and Wept is a novel of prose poetry written by the Canadian author Elizabeth Smart (1913--1986) and published in 1945.	By Grand Central Station I Sat Down and Wept	Elizabeth Smart
author	Dread Jesus, published in 1999, is a book written by William David Spencer about the Rastafari movement.	Dread Jesus	William David Spencer
author	Dangerous Angels is a young adult fiction series by Francesca Lia Block.	Dangerous Angels	Francesca Lia Block
author	Cynegeticus (Greek: Κυνηγετικός, Kynegetikos ``related to hunting'' from κυνηγέω ``I hunt''), is a treatise by the ancient Greek philosopher and military leader Xenophon, usually translated as ``On Hunting'' or ``Hunting with Dogs.''	Cynegeticus	Xenophon
author	Faro's Daughter is a Georgian romance novel by Georgette Heyer which was first published in 1941.	Faro's Daughter	Georgette Heyer
author	``Hell-Fire'' is a science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov, originally published in the May 1956 issue of Fantastic Universe and reprinted in the 1957 collection Earth Is Room Enough.	Hell-Fire	Isaac Asimov
author	A Topographical Dictionary of Ancient Rome is a reference work written by Samuel Ball Platner and completed by Thomas Ashby after Platner's death that was published in 1929 by Oxford University Press.	A Topographical Dictionary of Ancient Rome	Samuel Ball Platner	Thomas Ashby
author	Historia de Belgrano y de la Independencia Argentina (in Spanish, History of Belgrano and of the Independence of Argentina) is an Argentine history book written by Bartolomé Mitre.	Historia de Belgrano y de la Independencia Argentina	Bartolomé Mitre
author	The Days of the Commune is a play by the twentieth-century German dramatist Bertolt Brecht.	The Days of the Commune	Bertolt Brecht
author	Pontypool Changes Everything is a novel by Tony Burgess, first published in 1995.	Pontypool Changes Everything	Tony Burgess
author	Honeymoon in Hell is a science fiction short story by Fredric Brown, first published in 1950.	Honeymoon in Hell	Fredric Brown
author	The Dictionnaire des ouvrages anonymes et pseudonymes is a four volume (1806--1809) dictionary by Antoine Alexandre Barbier listing pen names for French and Latin authors.	Dictionnaire des ouvrages anonymes et pseudonymes	Antoine Alexandre Barbier
author	Amaze Your Friends is a 1998 Ned Kelly Award-winning novel by Australian author Peter Doyle.	Amaze Your Friends	Peter Doyle
author	Jeremy Thatcher, Dragon Hatcher is a novel by Bruce Coville and is part of the Magic Shop Books.	Jeremy Thatcher, Dragon Hatcher	Bruce Coville
author	Twentieth Century Eightball is a book collection of comics by Daniel Clowes published by Fantagraphics Books in 2002.	Twentieth Century Eightball	Daniel Clowes
author	Just David is a 1916 children's novel by Eleanor H. Porter.	Just David	Eleanor H. Porter
author	Mexico City Blues is a poem published by Jack Kerouac in 1959 composed of 242 ``choruses'' or stanzas.	Mexico City Blues	Jack Kerouac
author	The Rowan (1990) is the first book in ``The Tower and the Hive'' series (also known as ``The Rowan'' series) by Anne McCaffrey.	The Rowan	Anne McCaffrey
author	The Hipster Handbook (2003) is a satirical guide to hipster culture by Williamsburg, Brooklyn author Robert Lanham.	The Hipster Handbook	Robert Lanham
author	Lucien Leuwen is the second major novel written by French author Stendhal in 1834, following The Red and the Black (1830).	Lucien Leuwen	Stendhal
award received	The scene of Gump running across the country is often referred to when real-life people attempt the feat. In 2011, the Library of Congress selected Forrest Gump for preservation in the United States National Film Registry as being ``culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant''.	Forrest Gump	National Film Registry
award received	Ildikó Mádl (born 5 November 1969 in Tapolca) is a Hungarian chess player who holds the FIDE titles of Internationl Master (IM) and Woman Grandmaster (WGM).	Ildikó Mádl	Woman Grandmaster
award received	G. A. Kulkarni or simply ``GA'' ( 10 July 1923 - 11 December 1987 ) (Marathi: जी. ए. कुलकर्णी, ``जीए''), was a legendary Sahitya Akademi Award winner Marathi writer of short stories.	G. A. Kulkarni	Sahitya Akademi Award
award received	In the 1979 New Year's Honours, Jill Perryman was named a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE).	Jill Perryman	Member of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Thomas Robert Bugeaud, marquis de la Piconnerie, duc d'Isly (15 October 1784 -- 10 June 1849) was a Marshal of France and Governor-General of Algeria.	Thomas Robert Bugeaud	Marshal of France
award received	Jeremy Silman (born August 28, 1954) is an American International Master of chess.	Jeremy Silman	International Master
award received	Hans-Jürgen Schreiber (10 May 1916 -- 28 August 1981) was a highly decorated Major in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Hans-Jürgen Schreiber	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Rohini Khadilkar (Marathi: रोहिणी खाडिलकर; born 1 April 1963 in Mumbai) is a chess player holding the title of Woman International Master (WIM).	Rohini Khadilkar	Woman International Master
award received	Petras Dirgėla (born February 21, 1947, Klaipeda District, Lithuania- died March 29, 2015, Vilnius, Lithuania) was a Lithuanian writer, a 2003 recipient of the Lithuanian National Prize.	Petras Dirgėla	Lithuanian National Prize
award received	In 1992, the Library of Congress selected City Lights for preservation in the United States National Film Registry as being ``culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant''.	City Lights	National Film Registry
award received	Stuart S. Stryker (October 30, 1924 -- March 24, 1945) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions in World War II.	Stuart S. Stryker	Medal of Honor
award received	The Temptations were the first Motown recording act to win a Grammy Award - for ``Cloud Nine'' in 1969 - and in 2013 received the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award.	The Temptations	Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award
award received	In 2008, No Lies... was selected for inclusion by the United States Library of Congress to its National Film Registry, being deemed ``culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant.''	No Lies	National Film Registry
award received	In 2005, Gidleigh Park gained its second Michelin star.	Gidleigh Park	Michelin star
award received	Michael J. Perkins (1899 -- October 28, 1918) was a soldier in the United States Army who received the Medal of Honor posthumously for his actions during World War I.	Michael J. Perkins	Medal of Honor
award received	Skipper Thomas Crisp VC, DSC, RNR (28 April 1876 -- 15 August 1917) was an English posthumous recipient of the Victoria Cross.	Thomas Crisp	Victoria Cross
award received	Tofig Huseynov (Tofiq Hüseynov) is National Hero of Azerbaijan, Khojali battalion commander, victim of Khojaly Massacre.	Tofig Huseynov	National Hero of Azerbaijan
award received	Jean Calvignac is an IBM Fellow and was responsible for the architecture of IBM network processors.	Jean Calvignac	IBM Fellow
award received	Due to this, B92 won the MTV Free Your Mind award in 1998, and many other awards for journalism and fighting for human rights.	B92	Free Your Mind
award received	Duo Duo was awarded the 2010 Neustadt International Prize for Literature.	Duo Duo	Neustadt International Prize for Literature
award received	Friedrich Böhme (8 May 1899 -- 6 December 1989) was a highly decorated Kapitän zur See (naval captain) in the Kriegsmarine during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Friedrich Böhme	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Lana Obad (born May 20, 1988) is a student at Faculty of Economics and Business at University of Zagreb who was crowned Miss Universe Croatia 2010.	Lana Obad	Miss Universe Croatia
award received	After his debut album Infinite (1996), Eminem achieved mainstream popularity in 1999 with his The Slim Shady LP, which earned him his first Grammy Award for Best Rap Album.	Eminem	Grammy Award for Best Rap Album
award received	Nathalie Collin was awarded the ``Chevalier de l'ordre national du Mérite'' (Knight of the National Order of Merit) on the request of the French Minister of Culture Frédéric Mitterrand, (Official Journal 14/11/2010).	Nathalie Collin	Knight of the National Order of Merit
award received	Wilhelm Beier (18 November 1913 -- 12 July 1977) was a Luftwaffe night fighter ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.	Wilhelm Beier	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	This incredibly lop-sided trade paid immediate dividends for the Oilers, as Adam Graves would go on to score 11 points in the playoffs, en route to defeating the Boston Bruins for the Edmonton Oilers' fifth Stanley Cup.	Adam Graves	Stanley Cup
award received	Jozef Turanec (7 March 1892 Sučany -- 9 March 1957, Leopoldov) was a Slovak General during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Jozef Turanec	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Alfred Schneidereit (29 October 1919 -- 22 February 1999) was an Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant) in the Waffen SS who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Alfred Schneidereit	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Oksana Vozovic (born 8 December 1985) is a Ukrainian chess Woman Grandmaster and kickboxer.	Oksana Vozovic	Woman Grandmaster
cast member	Shiromajo Gakuen is a 2013 motion picture starring the J-Pop group Dempagumi.inc, and directed by Koichi Sakamoto, who is known for directing the Super Sentai Series.	Shiromajo Gakuen	Dempagumi.inc
cast member	Do Not Send Your Wife to Italy (German:Schick Deine Frau nicht nach Italien) is a 1960 West German romantic comedy film directed by Hans Grimm and starring Marianne Hold, Claus Biederstaedt and Elma Karlowa.	Do Not Send Your Wife to Italy	Marianne Hold
cast member	Hello Yaar Pesurathu is a 1985 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by actor Ramarajan, starring Suresh and Jeevitha in lead roles.	Hello Yaar Pesurathu	Suresh
cast member	Condorman is a 1981 American adventure comedy superhero film directed by Charles Jarrott, produced by Walt Disney Productions, and starring Michael Crawford, Barbara Carrera and Oliver Reed.	Condorman	Michael Crawford	Barbara Carrera	Oliver Reed
cast member	Ambassador Bill is a 1931 American Pre-Code comedy film starring Will Rogers and Marguerite Churchill.	Ambassador Bill	Will Rogers	Marguerite Churchill
cast member	William Powell as John Prentice Myrna Loy as Evelyn Prentice Una Merkel as Amy Drexel Rosalind Russell as Mrs. Nancy Harrison Isabel Jewell as Judith Wilson Harvey Stephens as Lawrence Kennard Edward Brophy as Eddie Delaney Henry Wadsworth as Chester Wylie Cora Sue Collins as Dorothy Prentice Frank Conroy as District Attorney Farley Jessie Ralph as Mrs. Blake	Evelyn Prentice	Isabel Jewell	Harvey Stephens	Edward Brophy	Jessie Ralph
cast member	Salute for Three is a 1943 musical film starring Macdonald Carey and Betty Jane Rhodes.	Salute for Three	Macdonald Carey
cast member	The Circus Queen Murder is a 1933 American Pre-Code mystery film directed by Roy William Neill and starring Adolphe Menjou, Donald Cook and Greta Nissen.	The Circus Queen Murder	Adolphe Menjou
cast member	For No Good Reason is a 2012 American-British documentary film about Ralph Steadman, directed by Charlie Paul.	For No Good Reason	Ralph Steadman
cast member	Clint the Stranger, also known as Clint the Nevada's Loner, Nevada Clint and Clint, the Lonely Nevadan (in original Italian, Clint il solitario), is a 1967 Italian spaghetti western starring George Martin.	Clint the Stranger	George Martin
cast member	Al-Darga Al-Thalitha (Arabic: الدرجة الثالثة‎; The 3rd Class) is a 1988 Egyptian drama/romance movie, starring Soad Hosni and Ahmed Zaki.	Al-Darga Al-Thalitha	Ahmed Zaki
cast member	The Man in the Moonlight is a 1919 silent film, a drama set in the great north, starring Colleen Moore and Monroe Salisbury.	The Man in the Moonlight	Colleen Moore	Monroe Salisbury
cast member	Jagga Jasoos (English: Jagga Detective) is an upcoming Indian comedy-drama film directed by Anurag Basu, and produced by Basu and Ranbir Kapoor.	Jagga Jasoos	Ranbir Kapoor
cast member	The Crowded Sky is a 1960 Technicolor drama film directed by Joseph Pevney, starring Dana Andrews, Rhonda Fleming and Efrem Zimbalist Jr. The film is based on the novel of the same name by Hank Searls.	The Crowded Sky	Dana Andrews
cast member	It is based on a Broadway stage play, The Woman on the Jury, and stars Sylvia Breamer and Bessie Love.	The Woman on the Jury	Sylvia Breamer	Bessie Love
cast member	A Little Romance is a 1979 American Technicolor and Panavision romantic comedy film directed by George Roy Hill and starring Laurence Olivier, Thelonious Bernard, and Diane Lane in her film debut.	A Little Romance	Laurence Olivier	Thelonious Bernard	Diane Lane
cast member	Fire on the Amazon is a 1993 American-Peruvian drama-adventure film directed by Luis Llosa and starring Craig Sheffer and Sandra Bullock.	Fire on the Amazon	Craig Sheffer	Sandra Bullock
cast member	Citizen Baines is an American drama series that starred James Cromwell.	Citizen Baines	James Cromwell
cast member	Nutty, Naughty Chateau (French: Château en Suède, Italian: Il castello in Svezia) is a 1963 French-Italian comedy film directed by Roger Vadim starring Monica Vitti.	Nutty, Naughty Chateau	Monica Vitti
cast member	The Toll of the Sea (1922) is an American drama film, directed by Chester M. Franklin, produced by the Technicolor Motion Picture Corporation, released by Metro Pictures, and featuring Anna May Wong in her first leading role.	The Toll of the Sea	Anna May Wong
cast member	Duel at Diablo is a 1966 western film starring James Garner in his first Western since leaving Maverick and Sidney Poitier in his first Western.	Duel at Diablo	James Garner	Sidney Poitier
cast member	Jayabheri (Telugu: జయభేరి) is a 1959 Telugu musical hit film directed by P. Pullaiah and starring Akkineni Nageswara Rao and Anjali Devi in lead roles.	Jayabheri	Akkineni Nageswara Rao	Anjali Devi
cast member	Woman in the River (German:Frau im Strom) is a 1939 drama film directed by Gerhard Lamprecht and starring Hertha Feiler, Attila Hörbiger and Oskar Sima.	Woman in the River	Hertha Feiler	Attila Hörbiger	Oskar Sima
cast member	Ben Johnson as John Coulter Iron Eyes Cody as Standing Bear Lana Wood as Beth Coulter Jack Elam as Trapper Willis Paul Fix as Running Wolf Alex Cord as Grayeagle Jacob Daniels as Scar Jimmy Clem as Abe Stroud Cindy Butler as Ida Coulter Charles B. Pierce as Bugler	Grayeagle	Jack Elam	Alex Cord
cast member	Life for Ruth is a 1962 British drama film produced by Michael Relph directed by Basil Dearden and starring Michael Craig, Patrick McGoohan and Janet Munro.	Life for Ruth	Michael Craig	Patrick McGoohan	Janet Munro
cast member	The Lawless is a 1950 American film noir directed by Joseph Losey and features Macdonald Carey, Gail Russell and Johnny Sands.	The Lawless	Macdonald Carey	Gail Russell	Johnny Sands
cast member	At a Glance (Italian: Colpo d'occhio) is a 2008 Italian thriller film written, directed and starred by Sergio Rubini.	At a Glance	Sergio Rubini
cast member	Where Eagles Dare is a British 1968 World War II action film starring Richard Burton, Clint Eastwood, and Mary Ure.	Where Eagles Dare	Richard Burton	Clint Eastwood	Mary Ure
cast member	Member of the Jury is a 1937 British crime film directed by Bernard Mainwaring and starring Ellis Irving, Marjorie Hume and Franklyn Bellamy.	Member of the Jury	Ellis Irving
cast member	Cabin Boy is a 1994 fantasy comedy film directed by Adam Resnick and co-produced by Tim Burton, which starred comedian Chris Elliott.	Cabin Boy	Chris Elliott
cast member	Counsel for Crime is a 1937 American crime film directed by John Brahm starring Otto Kruger, Douglass Montgomery and Jacqueline Wells.	Counsel for Crime	Otto Kruger
cast member	Ithihasa is a 2014 Malayalam fantasy comedy film written by Aneesh Lee Ashok and directed by Binu S. The film tells the story of body swapping between a conservative young software professional girl (Anusree) and an easy going young petty thief, Alvy (Shine Tom Chacko).	Ithihasa	Anusree
cast member	The musical score for Mistress America was composed by Dean Wareham and Britta Phillips, who previously collaborated with director Baumbach on The Squid and the Whale.	Mistress America	Dean Wareham
cast member	Meet Miss Anxiety (Chinese: 我的早更女友) is a 2014 Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Kwak Jae-yong and starring Zhou Xun and Tong Dawei.	Meet Miss Anxiety	Zhou Xun
cast member	Gunman Sent by God (Italian: Il pistolero segnato da Dio, also known as Two Pistols and a Coward) is a 1968 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Giorgio Ferroni and starring Anthony Steffen.	Gunman Sent by God	Anthony Steffen
cast member	Her Fractured Voice is an 1917 American short silent comedy film starring Leatrice Joy (billed as Beatrice Joy).	Her Fractured Voice	Leatrice Joy
cast member	Rediff wrote ``Veera Parampare has nothing extraordinary or new to offer, but Ambareesh and Sudeep fans won't be disappointed''.	Veera Parampare	Ambareesh
cast member	American Violet is a 2008 drama film directed by Tim Disney and starring Nicole Beharie.	American Violet	Nicole Beharie
cast member	My Brother Cicero is a 1998 comedy short film written by Louis Mandylor and Tony Nittoli starring Louis Mandylor, Costas Mandylor and Tony Nittoli.	My Brother Cicero	Louis Mandylor	Costas Mandylor
cast member	Diggers in Blighty is a 1933 Australian film starring and directed by Pat Hanna.	Diggers in Blighty	Pat Hanna
cast member	Game 6 (stylized as Game6) is a 2005 American film directed by Michael Hoffman, first presented at the Sundance Film Festival, released in the United States in 2006, and starring Michael Keaton.	Game 6	Michael Keaton
cast member	Rani Lalithangi (Tamil: ராணி லலிதாங்கி) is a Tamil language Folklore film starring Sivaji Ganesan and P. Bhanumathi in the lead roles.	Rani Lalithangi	Sivaji Ganesan
cast member	Ernest in the Army is a 1998 comedy film directed by John R. Cherry III and starring Jim Varney.	Ernest in the Army	Jim Varney
cast member	A Mix-Up in Pedigrees is a 1913 American silent short comedy film starring William Garwood and Francelia Billington.	A Mix-Up in Pedigrees	William Garwood	Francelia Billington
cast member	Manu Uncle is a 1988 Malayalam children's film written and directed by Dennis Joseph starring Mammootty in title role.	Manu Uncle	Mammootty
cast member	The Block Signal is 1926 silent railroad drama directed by Frank O'Connor and starring Ralph Lewis and Jean Arthur.	The Block Signal	Ralph Lewis
cast member	Death Car on the Freeway is a 1979 American made-for-television movie starring Shelley Hack.	Death Car on the Freeway	Shelley Hack
cast member	Two Small Bodies is a 1993 thriller starring Fred Ward and Suzy Amis.	Two Small Bodies	Fred Ward	Suzy Amis
cast member	They Came to Rob Hong Kong is a 1989 Hong Kong action comedy film produced and directed by Clarence Fok and starring Dean Shek, who also serves as the film's writer and executive producer.	They Came to Rob Hong Kong	Dean Shek
cast member	Buongiorno papà (Italian for Good Morning Dad) is a 2013 Italian comedy film written, directed and starred by Edoardo Leo.	Buongiorno papà	Edoardo Leo
cast member	In 1978, at the age of 5, Miral (Freida Pinto) was sent to the Institute by her father following her mother's death.	Miral	Freida Pinto
cast member	Christmas in Connecticut is a 1945 American Christmas film and romantic comedy directed by Peter Godfrey, and starring Barbara Stanwyck, Dennis Morgan, and Sydney Greenstreet.	Christmas in Connecticut	Barbara Stanwyck	Dennis Morgan	Sydney Greenstreet
cast member	Offers is a 2005 Dutch television film directed by Dana Nechushtan and starring Maryam Hassouni and Jacob Derwig.	Offers	Maryam Hassouni	Jacob Derwig
cast member	Brown Eye, Evil Eye (also known as Smedje Oko Zlo Oko) is a 1967 film starring Hugh Griffith, Rosemary Nicols, Ron Thompson and directed by Robert Angus.	Brown Eye, Evil Eye	Hugh Griffith	Rosemary Nicols	Ron Thompson
cast member	Joe's Apartment is a 1996 musical-comedy film starring Jerry O'Connell and Megan Ward and the first film produced by MTV Films.	Joe's Apartment	Jerry O'Connell	Megan Ward
cast member	Sequel to the Diamond from the Sky (also known as The Fate of the Child and The Gypsy's Trust) is a 1916 American short silent film directed by Edward Sloman starring William Russell and Rhea Mitchell.	Sequel to the Diamond from the Sky	William Russell	Rhea Mitchell
cast member	Sun Sajna is a 1982 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Chander Bahl for Rajshri Productions, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Ranjeeta Kaur, Iftekhar, Ram Mohan and Jagdeep	Sun Sajna	Mithun Chakraborty	Ranjeeta Kaur	Iftekhar	Ram Mohan	Jagdeep
cast member	Mr. Chedworth Steps Out is a 1939 Australian comedy film directed by Ken G. Hall starring Cecil Kellaway.	Mr. Chedworth Steps Out	Cecil Kellaway
cast member	A Cafe in Cairo is a 1924 silent film feature directed by Chester Withey and starring Priscilla Dean.	A Cafe in Cairo	Priscilla Dean
cast member	Man on the Flying Trapeze (also released as The Memory Expert) is a 1935 comedy film starring W. C. Fields as a henpecked husband.	Man on the Flying Trapeze	W. C. Fields
cast member	Paris Calling is a 1942 American war film directed by Edwin L. Marin and starring Basil Rathbone, Randolph Scott, Elisabeth Bergner.	Paris Calling	Basil Rathbone	Randolph Scott	Elisabeth Bergner
cast member	Trade of Innocents is a 2012 American made thriller independent film written and directed by Christopher Bessette, and starring Dermot Mulroney, Mira Sorvino, John Billingsley, Trieu Tran.	Trade of Innocents	Dermot Mulroney	Mira Sorvino	John Billingsley
cast member	Twelve Women (Spanish: Doce mujeres) is a 1939 Argentine film directed by Luis Moglia Barth and starring Roberto Escalada.	Twelve Women	Roberto Escalada
cast member	My Six Convicts is the true story of a prison psychologist (John Beal) and his attempts to get through to his incarcerated patients.	My Six Convicts	John Beal
cast member	Greystone Park is a found footage horror film written by Sean Stone and Alexander Wraith, directed by Sean Stone, and starring Sean Stone, Alexander Wraith, Antonella Lentini, Oliver Stone and Bruce Payne.	Greystone Park	Sean Stone	Alexander Wraith	Oliver Stone	Bruce Payne
cast member	Innamorato pazzo, internationally released as Madly in Love, is a 1981 Italian romantic comedy film, starring Adriano Celentano and Ornella Muti.	Madly in Love	Adriano Celentano	Ornella Muti
cast member	The Best House in London is a 1969 British comedy film directed by Philip Saville and starring David Hemmings, Joanna Pettet, George Sanders, Warren Mitchell, John Bird, Maurice Denham and Bill Fraser.	The Best House in London	David Hemmings	Joanna Pettet	George Sanders	Maurice Denham
cast member	Sunshine Reggae in Ibiza (German:Sunshine Reggae auf Ibiza) is a 1983 West German comedy film directed by Franz Marischka and starring Karl Dall, Olivia Pascal and Chris Roberts.	Sunshine Reggae in Ibiza	Karl Dall	Olivia Pascal	Chris Roberts
cast member	Briana Loves Jenna is a 2001 pornographic film starring Briana Banks and Jenna Jameson, written and directed by Jay Grdina under the stage name ``Justin Sterling''.	Briana Loves Jenna	Briana Banks	Jenna Jameson
cast member	The Life of Shakespeare is a 1914 British silent biographical film directed by Frank R. Growcott and J.B. McDowell and starring Albert Ward, Sybil Hare and George Foley.	The Life of Shakespeare	Albert Ward	George Foley
cast member	Sette scialli di seta gialla stars Anthony Steffen, Sylva Koscina, Jeannette Len, Renato De Carmine, Giacomo Rossi-Stuart and Umberto Raho.	Sette scialli di seta gialla	Anthony Steffen	Sylva Koscina	Renato De Carmine	Giacomo Rossi-Stuart	Umberto Raho
cast member	Yamudiki Mogudu is a 1988 Telugu action fantasy film, starring Chiranjeevi, Vijayashanti, Radha, and Kota Srinivasa Rao and directed by Ravi Raja Pinisetty.	Yamudiki Mogudu	Chiranjeevi	Vijayashanti	Kota Srinivasa Rao
cast member	Altars of Desire (1927) is a silent drama film directed by Christy Cabanne and starring silent movie star Mae Murray.	Altars of Desire	Mae Murray
cast member	The Honeymoon Express is a lost 1926 silent film drama directed by James Flood and uncredited Ernst Lubitsch and starred Willard Louis and Irene Rich.	The Honeymoon Express	Willard Louis
cast member	Manthrika Kuthira is a 1996 Malayalam crime thriller film directed by Viji Thampi, starring Dileep, Manoj K. Jayan, Vani Viswanath and Mohini in the lead roles.	Manthrika Kuthira	Dileep
cast member	Stick It is an American teen comedy-drama film starring Jeff Bridges, Missy Peregrym, and Vanessa Lengies.	Stick It	Jeff Bridges	Missy Peregrym	Vanessa Lengies
cast member	Maciste the Athlete (Italian:Maciste atleta) is a 1918 Italian silent film directed by Vincenzo Denizot and Giovanni Pastrone and starring Bartolomeo Pagano.	Maciste the Athlete	Bartolomeo Pagano
cast member	Henry Browne, Farmer is an American short propaganda film produced in 1942 about African-American contributions to the war effort during World War II. It is narrated by Canada Lee.	Henry Browne, Farmer	Canada Lee
cast member	Man in the Dark is a 1953 film noir drama 3-D film directed by Lew Landers and starring Edmond O'Brien, Audrey Totter and Ted de Corsia.	Man in the Dark	Edmond O'Brien	Audrey Totter	Ted de Corsia
cast member	All in Good Taste (Originally known as It's All in Good Taste) is a Canadian comedy film and is also one of Jim Carrey's first roles.	All in Good Taste	Jim Carrey
cast member	It's You I Have Loved (German:Dich hab ich geliebt) is a 1929 German drama film directed by Rudolf Walther-Fein and starring Mady Christians, Walter Jankuhn and Hans Stüwe.	It's You I Have Loved	Mady Christians	Walter Jankuhn	Hans Stüwe
cast member	Calamity Anne, Heroine is a 1913 American silent short Western directed by Allan Dwan starring Louise Lester as Calamity Anne.	Calamity Anne, Heroine	Louise Lester
cast member	Golpo Holeo Shotti (Bengali: গল্প হলেও সত্যি; English: A story, but true) is an Indian Bengali suspense supernatural thriller film directed by Birsa Dasgupta, produced by Shree Venkatesh Films, starring Soham Chakraborty and Mimi Chakraborty.	Golpo Holeo Shotti	Soham Chakraborty
cast member	Odipolama (English: Shall we elope?) is a 2009 Indian Tamil romantic film directed by Kanmani, starring newcomer, Parimal and Sandhya in the lead roles, whilst, Kota Srinivasa Rao plays a pivotal role.	Odipolama	Sandhya	Kota Srinivasa Rao
cast member	Change of Habit is a 1969 American musical drama film directed by William A. Graham and starring Elvis Presley and Mary Tyler Moore.	Change of Habit	Elvis Presley	Mary Tyler Moore
cast member	``Hunter of Invisible Game'' is a short film by Bruce Springsteen that was released on July 9, 2014 through his website.	Hunter of Invisible Game	Bruce Springsteen
cast member	Ennavale is a 2000 Tamil romantic film directed by J. Suresh which features Madhavan and Sneha in the lead roles.	Ennavale	Sneha
cast member	Dr. Jekyll and Ms. Hyde is a 1995 British-American comedy film starring Tim Daly, Sean Young and Lysette Anthony.	Dr. Jekyll and Ms. Hyde	Tim Daly	Sean Young	Lysette Anthony
cast member	Their First Misunderstanding is a 1911 American short silent drama film directed by Thomas H. Ince and starring Mary Pickford and Owen Moore.	Their First Misunderstanding	Thomas H. Ince	Mary Pickford	Owen Moore
cast member	Rathri Mazha is a Malayalam film by Lenin Rajendran starring Vineeth and Meera Jasmine in lead roles.	Rathri Mazha	Vineeth	Meera Jasmine
cast member	Agent for H.A.R.M. is a 1966 science fiction spy thriller (spy-fi) directed by Gerd Oswald and starring Peter Mark Richman.	Agent for H.A.R.M.	Peter Mark Richman
cast member	Confessions of a Sexist Pig is a 1998 American independent romantic comedy starring Edward Kerr and Traylor Howard.	Confessions of a Sexist Pig	Edward Kerr	Traylor Howard
cast member	Naaigal Jaakirathai (English: Beware of Dogs) is a 2014 Indian Tamil comedy thriller film, written and directed by Shakti Soundar Rajan featuring Sibiraj and a Belgian Shepherd dog named Idoh in the lead, which is an Indian adaptation of the Hollywood comedy-crime film, Turner & Hooch.	Naaigal Jaakirathai	Sibiraj
cast member	The Spanish Main (1945) is an adventure film starring Paul Henreid, Maureen O'Hara, Walter Slezak and Binnie Barnes, and directed by Frank Borzage.	The Spanish Main	Paul Henreid	Maureen O'Hara	Walter Slezak	Binnie Barnes
cast member	Nanayam (Malayalam: നാണയം) is a 1983 Malayalam film directed by I.V. Sasi and starring Mammootty, Mohanlal, Seema, and Poornima Jayaram.	Nanayam	Mammootty
cast member	Underclassman is a 2005 action comedy film directed by Marcos Siega, and stars Nick Cannon, Shawn Ashmore, Roselyn Sánchez, Kelly Hu, Hugh Bonneville, and Cheech Marin.	Underclassman	Nick Cannon	Shawn Ashmore	Roselyn Sánchez	Kelly Hu	Hugh Bonneville	Cheech Marin
cast member	He was portrayed by Richard Gomez in the movie Super Islaw and The Flying Kids and was later revived by Zanjoe Marudo in ABS-CBN's Super Inggo TV series.	Super Islaw	Richard Gomez
cast member	Soorya Gayathri is a 1992 Malayalam film directed by Anil, written by John Paul, and starring Mohanlal in the lead role.	Soorya Gayathri	Mohanlal
cast member	Night Inn (Chinese: 夜店; pinyin: Yè Diǎn) is a Chinese black-and-white film released in 1947, directed by Huang Zuolin and starring the popular Shanghai singer Zhou Xuan.	Night Inn	Zhou Xuan
cast member	When the Grapevines Bloom on the Danube is a 1965 German-Austrian comedy film directed by Géza von Cziffra and starring Hansjörg Felmy, Ingeborg Schöner and Gaston Brocksieper.	When the Grapevines Bloom on the Danube	Hansjörg Felmy	Ingeborg Schöner
cast member	Aas Paas is a 1981 Bollywood romantic film directed by J. Om Prakash and starring Dharmendra, Hema Malini and Prem Chopra.	Aas Paas	Dharmendra	Hema Malini
cast member	Rupert of Hee Haw is a 1924 American silent film starring Stan Laurel and drawing on the Ruritanian romance of Rupert of Hentzau, Anthony Hope's sequel to The Prisoner of Zenda.	Rupert of Hee Haw	Stan Laurel
cast member	The Locked Door is a 1929 American Pre-Code drama film directed by George Fitzmaurice and starring Rod LaRocque, Barbara Stanwyck, William ``Stage'' Boyd, and Betty Bronson.	The Locked Door	Barbara Stanwyck	Betty Bronson
cast member	Fly-Away Baby is a 1937 American comedy-adventure film featuring Glenda Farrell as Torchy Blane, the second in the series of nine Torchy Blane movies.	Fly-Away Baby	Glenda Farrell
cast member	Hot Property is a Channel 5 show originally broadcast from 1997 to 1998 and hosted by Sandy Mitchell.	Hot Property	Sandy Mitchell
cast member	Ambush Valley is a 1936 American western directed by Bernard B. Ray, produced by Ray and Harry S. Webb for Reliable Pictures, starring Bob Custer and Victoria Vinton.	Ambush Valley	Bob Custer
cast member	Fire Over England (aka Gloriana) is a 1937 London Film Productions film drama, notable for providing the first pairing of Laurence Olivier and Vivien Leigh.	Fire Over England	Laurence Olivier	Vivien Leigh
cast member	Wake Me When the War Is Over is a 1969 American comedy made-for-TV film starring Ken Berry and Eva Gabor, and directed by Gene Nelson.	Wake Me When the War Is Over	Ken Berry	Eva Gabor
cast member	The Chicago 8 is a 2010 American drama film written and directed by Pinchas Perry and starring Philip Baker Hall, Gary Cole, Steven Culp and Mayim Bialik.	The Chicago 8	Philip Baker Hall	Gary Cole	Steven Culp	Mayim Bialik
cast member	The Honeymoon Machine is a 1961 film directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Steve McQueen, Brigid Bazlen, Jim Hutton, Paula Prentiss, Jack Mullaney, and Dean Jagger, based on the 1959 Broadway play The Golden Fleecing by Lorenzo Semple Jr..	The Honeymoon Machine	Steve McQueen	Brigid Bazlen	Jim Hutton	Paula Prentiss	Dean Jagger
cast member	The Chinese Stuntman (also known as Counter Attack or The Chieh Boxing Master) is a 1981 martial arts Bruceploitation film starring Bruce Li.	The Chinese Stuntman	Bruce Li
cast member	His First Flame (1927) is an American silent comedy film starring Harry Langdon and directed by Harry Edwards.	His First Flame	Harry Langdon
cast member	The Fuller Brush Girl is a 1950 slapstick comedy starring Lucille Ball and directed by Lloyd Bacon.	The Fuller Brush Girl	Lucille Ball
cast member	The Great Rupert, is a 1950 comedy family film, produced by George Pal, directed by Irving Pichel and starring Jimmy Durante, Tom Drake and Terry Moore.	The Great Rupert	Jimmy Durante	Tom Drake	Terry Moore
cast member	Secret Nation is a 1992 political thriller written by Edward Riche, directed by Mike Jones and starring Cathy Jones.	Secret Nation	Cathy Jones
cast member	Sayonara won four Academy Awards, including acting honors for co-stars Red Buttons and Miyoshi Umeki.	Sayonara	Red Buttons	Miyoshi Umeki
cast member	One Good Cop is a 1991 American crime drama film written and directed by Heywood Gould and starring Michael Keaton, Rene Russo, Anthony LaPaglia and Benjamin Bratt.	One Good Cop	Michael Keaton	Rene Russo	Anthony LaPaglia	Benjamin Bratt
cast member	Alias Boston Blackie is the third in a series of Columbia Pictures ``B'' movies starring Chester Morris as Boston Blackie.	Alias Boston Blackie	Chester Morris
cast member	Cecilia of the Pink Roses is a lost 1918 American silent drama film directed by Julius Steger and starring and produced by Marion Davies in her second feature film.	Cecilia of the Pink Roses	Marion Davies
cast member	Even Though the Whole World Is Burning is a feature documentary film about former United States Poet Laureate and environmental activist W. S. Merwin.	Even Though the Whole World Is Burning	W. S. Merwin
cast member	Alien Raiders is a 2008 American science fiction horror film, starring Carlos Bernard, Rockmond Dunbar and Mathew St. Patrick.	Alien Raiders	Carlos Bernard	Rockmond Dunbar	Mathew St. Patrick
cast member	Follow Me, Scoundrels (German:Mir nach, Canaillen!) is a 1964 East German historical adventure film directed by Ralf Kirsten and starring Manfred Krug, Monika Woytowicz and Fred Düren.	Follow Me, Scoundrels	Manfred Krug
cast member	Sentinels of Silence was released in two versions, with Orson Welles providing the English-language narration and Ricardo Montalban providing the Spanish-language narration.	Sentinels of Silence	Orson Welles
cast member	Eyes Without a Face (French: Les yeux sans visage) is a 1960 French-Italian horror film adaptation of Jean Redon's novel, directed by Georges Franju, and starring Pierre Brasseur and Alida Valli.	Eyes Without a Face	Pierre Brasseur	Alida Valli
cast member	Mississippi Masala is a 1991 romantic drama film directed by Mira Nair, based upon a screenplay by Sooni Taraporevala, starring Denzel Washington, Sarita Choudhury, and Roshan Seth.	Mississippi Masala	Mira Nair	Denzel Washington	Sarita Choudhury	Roshan Seth
cast member	Mr Ya Miss (English: Mr or Miss) is a 2005 Bollywood comedy film which is written, directed by and stars Antara Mali alongside Ritesh Deshmukh, Aftab Shivdasani and Divya Dutta.	Mr Ya Miss	Antara Mali
cast member	The Son of the White Mountain (German:Der Sohn der weißen Berge) is a 1930 German mystery romance film directed by Mario Bonnard and Luis Trenker and starring Trenker, Maria Matray and Renate Müller.	The Son of the White Mountain	Luis Trenker
cast member	Dizengoff 99 (Hebrew: דיזנגוף 99‎) is a 1979 Israeli film starring Gali Atari, Gidi Gov, Meir Suissa, and Anat Atzmon.	Dizengoff 99	Gali Atari
cast member	Ted Danson portrays Sam Malone, a bartender and an owner of Cheers.	Cheers	Ted Danson
cast member	Brave Warrior is a 1952 Technicolor western film, directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet and starring Jon Hall and Christine Larsen.	Brave Warrior	Jon Hall	Christine Larsen
cast member	Lions for Lambs is a 2007 American drama war film directed by Robert Redford about the connection between a platoon of United States soldiers in Afghanistan, a U.S. senator, a reporter, and a California college professor.	Lions for Lambs	Robert Redford
cast member	A Piece of Cake is a 1948 British fantasy comedy film directed by John Irwin and starring and co-written by the husband and wife team of Cyril Fletcher and Betty Astell as well as Laurence Naismith and Jon Pertwee.	A Piece of Cake	Cyril Fletcher	Betty Astell	Laurence Naismith	Jon Pertwee
cast member	Racing Luck is a 1941 Australian comedy film directed by Rupert Kathner and starring Joe Valli, George Lloyd and Marshall Crosby.	Racing Luck	Joe Valli
cast member	Sønnen fra Amerika is a 1957 Danish family film directed by Jon Iversen and starring Peter Malberg.	Sønnen fra Amerika	Peter Malberg
cast member	The Other End of the Line is a romantic comedy film released in 2008 starring Jesse Metcalfe, Shriya Saran and Anupam Kher.	The Other End of the Line	Jesse Metcalfe	Shriya Saran	Anupam Kher
cast member	Kallum Kaniyagum (Tamil: கல்லும் கனியாகும்) is a 1968 Indian Tamil film, directed by K. Shankar and produced by T. M. Soundararajan and A. L. Raghavan.	Kallum Kaniyagum	T. M. Soundararajan
cast member	Seven Sweethearts is a 1942 musical film directed by Frank Borzage, starring Kathryn Grayson, Marsha Hunt and Van Heflin.	Seven Sweethearts	Kathryn Grayson	Marsha Hunt	Van Heflin
cast member	Two Jacks is a 2012 comedy-drama film directed by Bernard Rose and starring Sienna Miller and Danny Huston.	Two Jacks	Sienna Miller	Danny Huston
cast member	Wenche Foss as Victoria Lund Pål Øverland as Carl Arne Bang-Hansen as Hilmar Monna Tandberg as Beatrice	Victoria L	Wenche Foss
child	The mother of Dirk and Silke Nowitzki, Helga Nowitzki played for the Germany women's national basketball team.	Helga Nowitzki	Silke Nowitzki
child	François-Hubert Drouais (December 14, 1727 -- October 21, 1775) was a French painter and the father of Jean-Germain Drouais.	François-Hubert Drouais	Jean-Germain Drouais
child	Duane, Beth, Leland and Lyssa Chapman all appear in the pre-credits segment of the Hawaii Five-0 episode ``Na Ki'i'' with Duane Chapman interacting briefly with Steve McGarrett (Alex O'Loughlin).	Duane Chapman	Lyssa Chapman
child	Cleopatra Selene I bore him two sons, Antiochus XIII Asiaticus and Seleucus Cybiosactes.	Cleopatra Selene I	Antiochus XIII Asiaticus
child	Dorothy Wear Walker and New York Mets cofounder George Herbert Walker, Jr., Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center CEO Dr. John M. Walker, Sr. (father of Judge John M. Walker, Jr.), James Wear Walker, Nancy Walker, and Louis Walker (S&B 1936).	George Herbert Walker	John M. Walker
child	In 404, Li Gao's heir apparent Li Tan (李譚) died, and he created Li Tan's younger brother Li Xin as the new heir apparent.	Li Gao	Li Xin
child	Lady Wu Hanyue (吳漢月) (913 -- July 17, 952), formally the Lady Dowager Gongyi of Wuyue (吳越國恭懿太夫人), was the mother of Qian Chu (King Wenyi, né Qian Hongchu), the fifth and final king of the Chinese state Wuyue of the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period.	Wu Hanyue	Qian Chu
child	Ju-Chin Chu (Chinese: 朱汝瑾; pinyin: Zhū Rǔjǐn; 14 December 1919 - 15 November 2000) was a Chinese American chemical engineer and father of Steven Chu.	Ju-Chin Chu	Steven Chu
child	In addition, Wu Sansi's son Wu Chongxun (武崇訓) had been married to Emperor Zhongzong's and Empress Wei's daughter Li Guo'er the Princess Anle, who also had much power in her father's administration.	Wu Sansi	Wu Chongxun
child	Parvati is the mother of Hindu deities Ganesha and Karttikeya.	Parvati	Ganesha
child	Felix Browder is the father of Bill Browder, CEO of Hermitage Capital Management, and Tom Browder, a physicist specializing in the experimental study of subatomic particles at the University of Hawaii.	Felix Browder	Bill Browder
child	Maria Pypelinckx (20 March 1538 -- 19 October 1608) was a writer from the Southern Netherlands, best known today as the mother of the painter Peter Paul Rubens.	Maria Pypelinckx	Peter Paul Rubens
conflict	Agim Ramadani (3 May 1964 -- April 1999) was an Albanian leader of the Kosovo Liberation Army (KLA), best known for his support in the Battle of Košare.	Agim Ramadani	Battle of Košare
conflict	Julius White (September 23, 1816 -- May 12, 1890) was a brigadier general in the Union Army during the American Civil War, as well as a postbellum diplomat.	Julius White	American Civil War
conflict	USS Epsilon (1864) was a tugboat acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War.	USS Epsilon (1864)	American Civil War
conflict	Sous Lieutenant Fernand Henri Chavannes was a World War I flying ace credited with seven aerial victories.	Fernand Henri Chavannes	World War I
conflict	The SdKfz 4 Gleisketten-Lastkraftwagen (``chain-track truck''), was a 4.5-tonne military truck of Maultier (``mule'') half-track family developed during World War II by Germany.	SdKfz 4	World War II
conflict	Richard J. Nolan (January 1, 1848 -- August 26, 1905) served in the United States Army during the American Indian Wars.	Richard J. Nolan	American Indian Wars
conflict	Henry Capehart (March 18, 1825 -- April 15, 1895) was a surgeon and officer in the U.S. Cavalry during the American Civil War.	Henry Capehart	American Civil War
conflict	Charles Frederick Ehret (died February 24, 2007) was a World War II veteran (Battle of the Bulge/Ardennes along the Siegfried Line) as well as a world-renowned molecular biologist who worked at Argonne National Laboratory (ANL) in Lemont, Illinois, USA, for 40 years.	Charles Frederick Ehret	World War II
conflict	Ecaterina Teodoroiu (Romanian pronunciation: (ekateˈrina te.odoˈroju); born Cătălina Toderoiu; January 15, 1894 - September 3, 1917) was a Romanian woman who fought and died in World War I, and is regarded as a heroine of Romania.	Ecaterina Teodoroiu	World War I
conflict	The United Defense M42 was issued for use by Filipino troops under the Philippine Army and Philippine Constabulary during World War II from 1942 through the Post-World War II era until the 1960s and was used by the local recognized guerrillas from 1942 to 1945 during the Japanese Occupation.	United Defense M42	World War II
conflict	Georges Guynemer (24 December 1894 -- 11 September 1917 missing) was a top fighter ace for France during World War I, and a French national hero at the time of his death.	Georges Guynemer	World War I
conflict	Antonio Cantore (Sampierdarena, 4 August 1860 -- Tofana di Rozes, 20 July 1915) was an Italian general, active in World War I, for which he was awarded the gold medal for military valour.	Antonio Cantore	World War I
conflict	2,157 T-27s remained in service or on service by January 1941 and some took part in the initial stages of the Great Patriotic War (part of World War II, in which USSR fought against Germany) later that year.	T-27	World War II
conflict	David Hunter (July 21, 1802 -- February 2, 1886) was a Union general during the American Civil War.	David Hunter	American Civil War
conflict	Thornsbury Bailey Brown (May 15, 1829 -- May 22, 1861) of Taylor County, Virginia (now West Virginia) is generally considered the first Union soldier killed by a Confederate soldier during the American Civil War.	Thornsbury Bailey Brown	American Civil War
conflict	Jean-Toussaint Arrighi de Casanova (born 8 March 1778 in Corte; died 22 March 1853 in Paris), duc de Padova, was a French diplomat and soldier of the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars.	Jean-Toussaint Arrighi de Casanova	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Lieutenant Colonel John Macdonell of Greenfield (19 April 1785 -- 14 October 1812) was an aide-de-camp to British Major General Sir Isaac Brock during the War of 1812, dying in the Battle of Queenston Heights.	John Macdonell	War of 1812
conflict	USS Theta (1864) was a steamer purchased by the Union Navy during the latter years of the American Civil War.	USS Theta (1864)	American Civil War
constellation	Tau Tauri (τ Tau, τ Tauri) is a triple star system in the constellation Taurus.	Tau Tauri	Taurus
constellation	NGC 121 is a globular cluster in the Small Magellanic Cloud, in the constellation of Tucana.	NGC 121	Tucana
constellation	IC 2220, also known as the Toby Jug Nebula, is a reflection nebula located 1200 light years away in the southern constellation of Carina.	IC 2220	Carina
constellation	Gamma Serpentis (γ Serpentis, γ Ser) is a star in the equatorial constellation Serpens, in the part of the constellation that represents the serpent's head (Serpens Caput).	Gamma Serpentis	Serpens
constellation	LP 944-20 is a dim brown dwarf of spectral class M9 located about 21 light-years from the Solar System in the constellation of Fornax.	LP 944-20	Fornax
constellation	HD 171028 is a yellow main-sequence star in the constellation of Ophiuchus.	HD 171028	Ophiuchus
constellation	HD 38529 b is an extrasolar planet approximately 138 light years away in the constellation of Orion.	HD 38529 b	Orion
constellation	NGC 4565 (also known as the Needle Galaxy or Caldwell 38) is an edge-on spiral galaxy about 30 to 50 million light-years away in the constellation Coma Berenices.	NGC 4565	Coma Berenices
constellation	Abell 665 is a galaxy cluster in the Abell catalogue in the constellation Ursa Major.	Abell 665	Ursa Major
constellation	49 Ceti 'is a main sequence A1V star of magnitude 5.62 located in Cetus.	49 Ceti	Cetus
constellation	NGC 5286, also known as Caldwell 84, is a globular cluster of stars located some 35,900 light years away in the constellation Centaurus.	NGC 5286	Centaurus
constellation	SGR 1806-20 is located about 14.5 kiloparsecs (50,000 light-years) from Earth on the far side of the Milky Way galaxy in the constellation of Sagittarius.	SGR 1806-20	Sagittarius
constellation	Messier 56 (also known as M56 or NGC 6779) is a globular cluster in the constellation Lyra.	Messier 56	Lyra
constellation	Abell 370 is a galaxy cluster located approximately 6 billion light-years away from the Earth (at redshift z = 0.375), in the constellation Cetus.	Abell 370	Cetus
constellation	HD 158476 is a supergiant star in the southern constellation of Ara.	HD 158476	Ara
constellation	NGC 2232 is a bright open star cluster in the constellation Monoceros centred on the star 10 Monocerotis.	NGC 2232	Monoceros
constellation	The M101 Group is a loose group of galaxies located in Ursa Major.	M101 Group	Ursa Major
constellation	35 Arietis (abbreviated 35 Ari) is a binary star in the northern constellation of Aries.	35 Arietis	Aries
constellation	BD +20°307 is a close binary star system approximately 300 light-years away in the constellation Aries.	BD +20°307	Aries
constellation	Messier 5 or M5 (also designated NGC 5904) is a globular cluster in the constellation Serpens.	Messier 5	Serpens
constellation	The Calabash Nebula, also known as the Rotten Egg Nebula or by its technical name OH 231.84 +4.22, is a protoplanetary nebula (PPN) 1.4 light years (13 Pm) long and located some 5,000 light years (47 Em) from Earth in the constellation Puppis.	Calabash Nebula	Puppis
constellation	NGC 2452 is a planetary nebula located in the southern constellation of Puppis.	NGC 2452	Puppis
constellation	The Rosette Nebula (also known as Caldwell 49) is a large, circular H II region located near one end of a giant molecular cloud in the Monoceros region of the Milky Way Galaxy.	Rosette Nebula	Monoceros
constellation	NGC 4236 (also known as Caldwell 3) is a barred spiral galaxy located in the constellation Draco.	NGC 4236	Draco
constellation	Theta Ceti (θ Ceti, θ Cet) is a Class K0, fourth-magnitude star in the constellation Cetus.	Theta Ceti	Cetus
constellation	Kepler-68c is an Earth-sized planet orbiting the star Kepler-68 in the constellation of Cygnus.	Kepler-68c	Cygnus
constellation	HD 126271 is a suspected variable star in the northern constellation of Boötes.	HD 126271	Boötes
constellation	NGC 5746 is a barred spiral galaxy located in the eastern part of the constellation of Virgo, and it can be seen with amateur telescopes.	NGC 5746	Virgo
constellation	HD 153370 is binary star in the southern constellation of Ara.	HD 153370	Ara
constellation	PZ Telescopii, also known as HD 174429 or simply PZ Tel, is a young star in the constellation Telescopium.	PZ Telescopii	Telescopium
constellation	41 Lyncis (abbreviated 41 Lyn), also designated HD 81688 and named Intercrus, is a fifth magnitude star located in the northern constellation of Ursa Major.	41 Lyncis	Ursa Major
constellation	HR 3220 (B Car) is a single-lined spectroscopic binary in the constellation Carina, approximately 65 light years from Earth.	HR 3220	Carina
constellation	Gamma Ceti (γ Cet, γ Ceti) is a star system in the equatorial constellation Cetus.	Gamma Ceti	Cetus
constellation	26 Aquarii (abbreviated 26 Aqr) is a star in the constellation of Aquarius.	26 Aquarii	Aquarius
continent	Epidote Peak (84°46′S 176°56′W) is a prominent rock peak just north of the mouth of Held Glacier, overlooking the west side of Shackleton Glacier in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica.	Epidote Peak	Antarctica
continent	The Klumpane Peaks are a group of small rock peaks on the east side of the mouth of Strengen Valley, on the Ahlmann Ridge in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Klumpane Peaks	Antarctica
continent	Hewitt Glacier (83°17′S 167°50′E) is a glacier, 15 nautical miles (28 km) long, descending the eastern slopes of the Holland Range, Antarctica, between Lewis Ridge and Mount Tripp to enter Richards Inlet.	Hewitt Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Howchin South Stream (78°13′S 163°25′E) is a meltwater stream draining from the south side of Howchin Glacier in the Denton Hills, Scott Coast, Antarctica.	Howchin South Stream	Antarctica
continent	Marshall Cirque (78°5′S 167°16′E) is an ice-filled cirque, 1 nautical mile (2 km) wide, located 1 nautical mile southwest of Kienle Cirque on the west side of White Island, in the Ross Archipelago, Antarctica.	Marshall Cirque	Antarctica
continent	Shackleton Coast is that portion of the coast along the west side of the Ross Ice Shelf between Cape Selborne and Airdrop Peak at the east side of Beardmore Glacier in Antarctica.	Shackleton Coast	Antarctica
continent	Hannon Hill (77°50′S 163°39′E) is a bare rock hill, 1,110 metres (3,640 ft) high, on the west side of the terminus of Amos Glacier, at the juncture with Blue Glacier, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Hannon Hill	Antarctica
continent	Greenville Hole (76°43′S 160°58′E) is a circular depression, 200 metres (660 ft) deep, in the center of Greenville Valley, Convoy Range, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Greenville Hole	Antarctica
continent	Mossman Inlet (73°17′S 60°32′W) is a narrow ice-filled inlet which recedes north 19 kilometres (10 nmi) between Cape Kidson and the southwest end of Kemp Peninsula, along the east coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Mossman Inlet	Antarctica
continent	Although it is a small town, Segrate hosts large structures such as the CILEA Interuniversity Consortium, among the most advanced supercomputing centers in Europe, and the San Raffaele Hospital.	Segrate	Europe
continent	Lehrke Inlet (70°49′S 61°45′W) is an ice-filled inlet, 15 kilometres (8 nmi) wide, which recedes southwest for 31 kilometres (17 nmi) between Cape Boggs and Cape Sharbonneau, along the east coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Lehrke Inlet	Antarctica
continent	Hodge Escarpment (83°3′S 50°11′W) is an escarpment to the northeast of Henderson Bluff on the northwest side of Lexington Table, in the Forrestal Range of the Pensacola Mountains, Antarctica.	Hodge Escarpment	Antarctica
continent	Mount Queequeg (65°39′S 62°8′W) is a conspicuous, partly snow-covered mountain with three conical summits, the highest 900 m, situated in eastern Aristotle Mountains between the mouths of Starbuck and Stubb Glaciers on the east coast of Graham Land in Antarctica.	Mount Queequeg	Antarctica
continent	The Antarctic Plate is a tectonic plate containing the continent of Antarctica and extending outward under the surrounding oceans.	Antarctic Plate	Antarctica
continent	Potmess Rocks is a group of large rocks lying northwest of Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Potmess Rocks	Antarctica
continent	Tunisia (Arabic: تونس‎ Tūnis; Berber: ⵜⵓⵏⴻⵙ), officially the Tunisian Republic or the Republic of Tunisia (Arabic: الجمهورية التونسية‎ al-Jumhūrīya at-Tūnisīya; Berber: ⵜⴰⴳⴷⵓⴷⴰ ⵏ ⵜⵓⵏⴻⵙ) is the northernmost country in Africa, covering 165,000 square kilometres (64,000 sq mi).	Tunisia	Africa
continent	Director Nunatak (66°49′S 65°6′W) is a conspicuous nunatak standing between the heads of Balch Glacier and Breitfuss Glacier, in Graham Land in Antarctica.	Director Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Kramer Island is an ice-covered island, 4 kilometres (2 nmi) long, in the Marshall Archipelago, Antarctica.	Kramer Island	Antarctica
continent	Zavera Snowfield (Bulgarian: Ледник Завера, ``Lednik Zavera'' \'led-nik za-'ve-ra\) is the glacier extending 18 km in north-south direction and 16 km in east-west direction on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Zavera Snowfield	Antarctica
continent	The Gleaner Heights (62°35′S 60°15′W) are a series of elevations extending southwest from Leslie Hill in the eastern part of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Gleaner Heights	Antarctica
continent	Cape Denison is a rocky point at the head of Commonwealth Bay in Antarctica.	Cape Denison	Antarctica
continent	Hinkley Glacier (78°27′S 85°20′W) is a glacier flowing northeastward from Corbet Peak and Schoening Peak, Vinson Massif on the east slope of Sentinel Range in the Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica, and continuing between Mount Segers and Zinsmeister Ridge to enter Dater Glacier southeast of Nebeska Peak and northwest of Sipey Peak.	Hinkley Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Burkitt Nunatak is a small nunatak, rising to about 1,200 m (3,900 ft) high, located in the north-west part of Dyer Plateau, 17 km (11 mi) west-southwest of Crescent Scarp, Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Burkitt Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Cape Klovstad (71°39′S 170°6′E) is a rugged rock point between Colbeck Bay and Protection Cove in the southern part of Robertson Bay, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Cape Klovstad	Antarctica
continent	Karposh Point (Bulgarian: нос Карпош, ``Nos Karposh'' \'nos 'kar-posh\) is the ice-free point on the north coast of Snow Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Karposh Point	Antarctica
continent	The Cook Mountains is a group of mountains bounded by the Mulock and Darwin glaciers in Antarctica.	Cook Mountains	Antarctica
continent	Barton Peninsula is a small peninsula separating Marian Cove and Potter Cove at the southwest end of King George Island, in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica.	Barton Peninsula	Antarctica
continent	The Johannessen Nunataks (72°52′S 161°11′E) are an isolated, ridgelike outcropping of rocks about 4 nautical miles (7 km) long, standing 15 nautical miles (28 km) south of Mount Weihaupt in the southern extremity of the Outback Nunataks, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Johannessen Nunataks	Antarctica
continent	Lippert Peak (79°59′S 81°56′W) is a sharp pointed peak at the end of a ridge that extends west from the Douglas Peaks into Horseshoe Valley, located 5 nautical miles (9 km) southeast of Strong Peak (which this peak resembles) in the Heritage Range, Antarctica.	Lippert Peak	Antarctica
continent	Marck Glacier (72°16′S 97°2′W) is a glacier flowing into the southwestern extremity of Cadwalader Inlet on the north side of Thurston Island, Antarctica.	Marck Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Ibarra Peak (77°58′S 162°58′E) is the summit at the extremity of the ridge which extends eastwards from the Royal Society Range between Mitchell Glacier and Lister Glacier, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Ibarra Peak	Antarctica
continent	Hampton Ridge is a ridge about 10 nautical miles (20 km) long in the Queen Alexandra Range of Antarctica, running north from Pagoda Peak between Montgomerie Glacier and Mackellar Glacier.	Hampton Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Mac. Robertson Land is the portion of Antarctica lying southward of the coast between William Scoresby Bay and Cape Darnley.	Mac. Robertson Land	Antarctica
continent	Sredorek Peak (Bulgarian: връх Средорек, ``Vrah Sredorek'' \'vr&h sre-do-'rek\) is the peak rising to 1224 m in Korten Ridge east of Kasabova Glacier and west of Sabine Glacier on Davis Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Sredorek Peak	Antarctica
continent	Hedblom Glacier (76°34′S 162°24′E) is a glacier between Mount Creak and Tito Peak that flows east from Endeavour Massif to Tripp Ice Tongue, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Hedblom Glacier	Antarctica
continent	The Kakure Rocks (67°57′S 44°47′E) are two rocky exposures along the east wall of Shinnan Glacier, at the western extremity of Enderby Land, Antarctica.	Kakure Rocks	Antarctica
continent	Luhrsen Nunatak (71°59′S 161°41′E) is a nunatak 3 nautical miles (6 km) south-southeast of Mount Alford at the southeast end of the Helliwell Hills, Antarctica.	Luhrsen Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Sultan Glacier is a glacier flowing south-west into Table Bay, Elephant Island, in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica.	Sultan Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Douanier Rock is a small rocky island lying close to the coast and just east of Point Alden, Antarctica, the point which separates Adélie Coast and George V Coast.	Douanier Rock	Antarctica
continent	Kellogg Valley (77°29′S 161°11′E) is a high (1,400 metres (4,600 ft)) hanging valley, for the most part free of ice, between Mount Boreas and Mount Aeolus in the Olympus Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Kellogg Valley	Antarctica
continent	Fitzmaurice Point is a point on the northwest side of Cabinet Inlet, Foyn Coast, Antarctica, between Attlee Glacier and Bevin Glacier.	Fitzmaurice Point	Antarctica
continent	Fitch Glacier (72°1′S 168°7′E) is a tributary glacier flowing south along the east side of the McGregor Range to enter Man-o-War Glacier in the Admiralty Mountains of northeastern Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Fitch Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Malawi (/məˈlɔːwi/, /məˈlɑːwi/ or /ˈmæləwi/; Chichewa: (maláβi) or (maláwi)), officially the Republic of Malawi, is a landlocked country in southeast Africa that was formerly known as Nyasaland.	Malawi	Africa
continent	The Astor Rocks (71°48′S 12°44′E) are two small rock outcrops lying 4 miles (6 km) southeast of Mount Ramenskiy in the southeast extremity of the Wohlthat Mountains of Antarctica.	Astor Rocks	Antarctica
continent	Arthurson Bluff (70°45′S 166°5′E) is a mostly ice-covered bluff overlooking the confluence of Ludvig Glacier and Kirkby Glacier from the west, near the north coast of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Arthurson Bluff	Antarctica
continent	Greenville Valley (76°44′S 160°52′E) is the large mainly ice-free valley lying south of Elkhorn Ridge in the Convoy Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Greenville Valley	Antarctica
continent	Eastwind Ridge (76°36′S 160°47′E) is a broad, partially ice-covered ridge about 10 nautical miles (20 km) long between Chattahoochee Glacier and Towle Glacier in the Convoy Range of Antarctica.	Eastwind Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Harrison Passage (65°53′S 65°11′W) is a passage between Larrouy Island and Tadpole Island to the west, and the Llanquihue Islands and the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica, to the east.	Harrison Passage	Antarctica
continent	Hawker Island is an irregularly shaped island about 2 km (1.2 mi) long, lying some 7 km south-west of Davis Station between Mule Island and Mule Peninsula, Vestfold Hills, in the eastern part of Prydz Bay, Antarctica.	Hawker Island	Antarctica
continent	Victoria Upper Glacier (77°16′S 161°25′E) is a glacier occupying the upper northwest end of Victoria Valley in Antarctica.	Victoria Upper Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Mitterling Glacier (66°50′S 64°18′W) is a glacier on the east coast of Graham Land, Antarctica, draining between Mount Vartdal and Mount Hayes into the northern part of Mill Inlet.	Mitterling Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Forlidas Ridge (82°29′S 51°16′W) is a rock ridge that forms the west side of Davis Valley in the Dufek Massif, Pensacola Mountains, Antarctica.	Forlidas Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Mouillard Glacier (64°18′S 60°53′W) is a glacier flowing into the southeast corner of Brialmont Cove, on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Mouillard Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Gran Glacier (76°56′S 161°14′E) is a glacier in Antarctica that flows south into Mackay Glacier between Mount Gran and Mount Woolnough.	Gran Glacier	Antarctica
continent	The Darwin Mountains is a group of mountains between the Darwin and Hatherton glaciers in Antarctica.	Darwin Mountains	Antarctica
continent	The Sverdrup Mountains (Norwegian: Sverdrupfjella) are a group of mountains about 50 miles (80 km) long, standing just west of the Gjelsvik Mountains in Queen Maud Land, East Antarctica.	Sverdrup Mountains	Antarctica
continent	The Snowy River is a major river in south-eastern Australia.	Snowy River	Australia
continent	Kista Strait (67°35′S 62°51′E) is a strait between the Flat Islands and Jocelyn Islands in Holme Bay, Mac. Robertson Land, Antarctica.	Kista Strait	Antarctica
continent	Figaro Nunatak is an isolated nunatak rising to about 200 metres (660 ft) near the east end of Mozart Ice Piedmont, in the northern part of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Figaro Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Mount Spann is a mountain in Antarctica, 925 m, marking the north extremity of the Panzarini Hills and the Argentina Range, at the northeast end of the Pensacola Mountains.	Mount Spann	Antarctica
continent	Molley Corner is a point on the north side of Rohss Bay, James Ross Island, Antarctica, 3 nautical miles (6 km) east of Cape Obelisk.	Molley Corner	Antarctica
country	Üçkardeş, Hopa is a village in the District of Hopa, Artvin Province, Turkey.	Üçkardeş, Hopa	Turkey
country	Tysmenytsia (Ukrainian: Тисмениця; a.k.a. Tysmienica, Tysmenitsa, Tyśmienica ) is a city, the administrative center of Tysmenytsia Raion (district) in Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast of western Ukraine.	Tysmenytsia	Ukraine
country	Darreh Kabud (Persian: دره كبود‎, also Romanized as Darreh Kabūd; also known as Darreh Kabūd ``Olyā and Darreh Ḩoseynī) is a village in Shirvan Rural District, in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 184, in 39 families.	Darreh Kabud	Iran
country	Seyd Abbas (Persian: صيدعباس‎‎, also Romanized as Seyd ʿAbbās) is a village in Beyranvand-e Shomali Rural District, Bayravand District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Seyd Abbas	Iran
country	Diboké (also spelled Dibohé) is a town in western Ivory Coast.	Diboké	Ivory Coast
country	Folkteatern i Gävleborg or Gävle Folkteater (The Folk Theatre in Gävleborg or Gävle Folk Theatre) is a regional theatre, opened in 1983, located in Gävle, Gävleborg County, Sweden.	Folkteatern i Gävleborg	Sweden
country	Malwa is a natural region in west-central India occupying a plateau of volcanic origin.	Malwa	India
country	Kąty-Borucza (ˈkɔntɨ bɔˈrut͡ʂa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kąty-Borucza	Poland
country	Puerto Obaldía is the smallest and easternmost of the four corregimientos of the Kuna Yala indigenous region of Panama, located on the border with Colombia.	Puerto Obaldía	Panama
country	Bhola Island (also called Dakhin Shahbazpur) is the largest island of Bangladesh with an area of 1441 km².	Bhola Island	Bangladesh
country	Otoyol 52 (English: Motorway 52), abbreviated as O-52, aka Adana-Şanlıurfa Otoyolu (English: Adana-Şanlıurfa Motorway), is a toll motorway in the regions of Mediterranean and Southeastern Anatolia in Turkey, connecting the cities Adana and Şanlıurfa.	Otoyol 52	Turkey
country	Rusiniec (ruˈɕiɲet͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wizna, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Rusiniec	Poland
country	The Garden History Society was an organisation in the United Kingdom established to study garden history and to protect historic gardens.	Garden History Society	United Kingdom
country	The Wisbech & Fenland Museum, located in the town of Wisbech in Cambridgeshire, England, is one of the oldest purpose-built museums in the United Kingdom.	Wisbech & Fenland Museum	United Kingdom
country	Our Lady of Lourdes is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Archdiocese of Toronto, located at 520 Sherbourne Street, Toronto, Canada.	Our Lady of Lourdes	Canada
country	Degilyovka (Russian: Дегилёвка) is a village in Bolshebereznikovsky District of the Republic of Mordovia, Russia.	Degilyovka	Russia
country	Cajnarje (pronounced (ˈtsaːi̯naɾjɛ)) is a village in the hills northeast of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Cajnarje	Slovenia
country	Xırmanlar (also, Khyrmanlar) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Xırmanlar	Azerbaijan
country	Christmas Island District High School is a school located in Christmas Island, a territory of Australia.	Christmas Island District High School	Australia
country	Renfrew/Black Donald Lake Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CPK8), is a water based aerodrome that is located on Black Donald Lake in Greater Madawaska, Renfrew County, Ontario, Canada, about 20 nautical miles (37 km; 23 mi) south southwest of the town of Renfrew.	Renfrew/Black Donald Lake Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Parah-e Hirami (Persian: پاراه هيرمي‎, also Romanized as Pārāh-e Hīramī) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District, Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District, Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Parah-e Hirami	Iran
country	Zibovnik (pronounced (ˈziːbɔu̯nik)) is a small settlement in the hills above Otave in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Zibovnik	Slovenia
country	The Korean Intellectual Property Office (KIPO) is the patent office and intellectual property office of South Korea.	Korean Intellectual Property Office	South Korea
country	Tadjoura (Afar: Tagórri; Arabic: تاجورة‎ Tağūrah, Somali: Tajuura) is the oldest town in Djibouti and the capital of the Tadjourah Region.	Tadjoura	Djibouti
country	Moussa Castle is a castle between Deir el Qamar and Beit ed-Dine in Lebanon.	Moussa Castle	Lebanon
country	The Broken Islands are uninhabited islands in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in Nunavut, Canada located within western Hudson Bay.	Broken Islands	Canada
country	Kostinbrod (Bulgarian: Костинброд) is a town in western Bulgaria.	Kostinbrod	Bulgaria
country	Kalyeh Ney-ye Sofla (Persian: كله ني سفلي‎‎, also Romanized as Kalyeh Ney-ye Soflá) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kalyeh Ney-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Empalme Olmos is a village in the Canelones Department of southern Uruguay.	Empalme Olmos	Uruguay
country	Biedrzykowice (bjɛdʐɨkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Biedrzykowice	Poland
country	Dobrepolje railway station (Slovene: Železniška postaja Dobrepolje) is the principal railway station in Predstruge, Slovenia.	Dobrepolje railway station	Slovenia
country	Vanier College is an English-language public college located in the Montreal borough of Saint-Laurent, Quebec, Canada.	Vanier College	Canada
country	Al Najaf International Airport (IATA: NJF; ICAO: ORNI) is the airport serving Najaf, Iraq, and is located on the eastern side of the city.	Al Najaf International Airport	Iraq
country	The Sekirankai was formed at time in Imperial Japan when socialist thought gained enough momentum to be expressed publicly.	Sekirankai	Japan
country	TV 2 Sport HD for Denmark and Viasat Sport HD för Norway and Sweden.	Viasat Sport	Sweden
country	Hotel Presidente Luanda or Le Presidente Luanda Hotel is a hotel in Luanda, Angola, considered to be the city's most prestigious hotel.	Hotel Presidente Luanda	Angola
country	Pylaia (Greek: Πυλαία) is a municipality of the Thessaloniki Urban Area and a former municipality in the regional unit of Thessaloniki, Greece.	Pylaia	Greece
country	Wólka Lichtajńska (ˈvulka lixˈtai̯ɲska) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wólka Lichtajńska	Poland
country	Suetsune Station is a railway station on the Sanin Main Line of West Japan Railway Company (JR West) located in, Tottori Prefecture, Japan.	Suetsune Station	Japan
country	Cornereva (Hungarian: Somosréve) is a commune in Caraş-Severin County, western Romania with a population of 3,403 inhabitants.	Cornereva	Romania
country	The Nanganjiyar River is a tributary of the Amaravathy River near Idayankottai village in Palani Taluk, Dindigul District, India.	Nanganjiyar	India
country	Every year, the National Youth Theatre holds acting auditions and technical theatre interviews around the United Kingdom; on average, it receives over 4,500 applicants.	National Youth Theatre	United Kingdom
country	Hillerød station is a railway station serving the city of Hillerød north of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Hillerød station	Denmark
country	The Domogled-Valea Cernei National Park (Romanian: Parcul Naţional Domogled-Valea Cernei) is a protected area (national park category II IUCN) situated in Romania, on the administrative territory of counties Caraş-Severin, Gorj and Mehedinţi.	Domogled-Valea Cernei National Park	Romania
country	Klęcz (klɛnt͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Widawa, within Łask County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Klęcz	Poland
country	Steniatyn-Kolonia (stɛˈɲatɨn kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaszczów, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Steniatyn-Kolonia	Poland
country	Augustenborg Municipality - Until 1 January 2007 Augustenborg was a municipality (Danish, kommune) in South Jutland County on the island of Als off the east coast of the Jutland Peninsula in south Denmark.	Augustenborg Municipality	Denmark
country	Mount Biao is a volcanic peak on the island of Bioko in Equatorial Guinea.	Mount Biao	Equatorial Guinea
country	Enippeas (Greek: Ενιππέας) is a former municipality in the Larissa regional unit, Thessaly, Greece.	Enippeas	Greece
country	Kotayk Brewery (Armenian: ``Կոտայք'' գարեջրի գործարան /koʊˈtaɪk/) is a beer brewery founded in 1974 in Abovyan, Armenia.	Kotayk Brewery	Armenia
country	Raadhuisstraat is a street in Downtown Amsterdam, in the Netherlands.	Raadhuisstraat	Netherlands
country	The Korimako Stream is a stream in the North Island of New Zealand, located in the northern suburbs of the national capital, Wellington.	Korimako Stream	New Zealand
country	Castillo de Alcaudete is a castle in Alcaudete, in the province of Jaén, Spain.	Castillo de Alcaudete	Spain
country	The Moldo Too is a range in the Internal Tien Shan, Kyrgyzstan.	Moldo Too	Kyrgyzstan
country	Winter Harbour is a fishing village of 20 people on the northern tip of Vancouver Island, at the mouth of the Quatsino Sound, in British Columbia, Canada.	Winter Harbour	Canada
country	Inhambane, Terra de Boa Gente (Land of Good People) is a city located in southern Mozambique, lying on Inhambane Bay, 470 km northeast of Maputo.	Inhambane	Mozambique
country	The Giardino Montano dell' Orecchiella is a nature preserve and botanical garden located at about 1370 meters altitude in Parco dell'Orecchiella (178 hectares) near Orecchiella, north of Castelnuovo di Garfagnana, Province of Lucca, Tuscany, Italy.	Giardino Montano dell' Orecchiella	Italy
country	Grušča (Cyrillic: Грушча) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Grušča	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Aggtelek National Park (Hungarian: Aggteleki Nemzeti Park) is a national park in Northern Hungary, in the Aggtelek Karst region.	Aggtelek National Park	Hungary
country	Grundtvig's Church (Danish: Grundtvigs Kirke) is located in the Bispebjerg district of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Grundtvig's Church	Denmark
country	The Western Australian Zoological Parks Authority was created under the act of the same name in 2001, and under the Minister of Environment for Western Australia.	Zoological Parks Authority	Australia
country	Lansdowne Avenue was built by the Village of Parkdale and named after the Marquis of Lansdowne, and Governor-General of Canada in 1883.	Lansdowne Avenue	Canada
country	Bazyar Kheyl (Persian: بازيارخيل‎, also Romanized as Bāzyār Kheyl; also known as Bāzār Kheyl and Bāzbār Kheyl) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Miandorud County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bazyar Kheyl	Iran
country	Ciacova (German: Tschakowa; Hungarian: Csák, before 1913 Csákova; Serbian: Чаково/Čakovo; Turkish: Çakova) is a town in Timiș County, western Romania, in the Banat region.	Ciacova	Romania
country	Tawainen, more frequently known as the Missão Tiriós (Tiriyó Mission) village, is an indigenous (Tiriyó) village situated near the headwaters of the Western Paru river in Brazil, near the border with Suriname.	Tawainen	Brazil
country	Malo Trebeljevo (pronounced (ˈmaːlɔ tɾɛbɛˈljeːʋɔ); German: Kleintrebeleu) is a small settlement in the hills east of Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia.	Malo Trebeljevo	Slovenia
country	Ludwigslust (German pronunciation: (luːtvɪçsˈlʊst)) is a central castle town of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany, 40 km south of Schwerin.	Ludwigslust	Germany
country	Praktikertjänst is the biggest private health and dental care company in Sweden; it has a turnover of 9.97 billion Swedish kronor and 9,269 employees .	Praktikertjänst	Sweden
country	Maxwell Bay is a waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Maxwell Bay	Canada
country	Beringel is a town (vila) and parish (freguesia) in Beja Municipality, Alentejo in Southern Portugal.	Beringel	Portugal
country	Kopargaon taluka (Marathi: कोपरगाव तालुका), is a taluka in Sangamner subdivision of Ahmednagar district in Maharashtra State of India.	Kopargaon taluka	India
country	Jazzland Recordings is a Norwegian jazz and improvised music label based in Oslo, Norway, often associated with nu jazz.	Jazzland Recordings	Norway
country	The Canadian Association of Accredited Mortgage Professionals (French: Association canadienne des conseillers hypothécaires accrédités), CAAMP (French: ACCHA) is the national association representing Canada's mortgage industry.	Canadian Association of Accredited Mortgage Professionals	Canada
country	Bedervale is owned privately but the contents were purchased by the National Trust of Australia (NSW) to maintain the interior collection.	Bedervale	Australia
country	Arena Savaria is a multi-purpose indoor stadium in Szombathely Hungary.	Arena Savaria	Hungary
country	Living Waters Lutheran College is an independent Christian school providing a Kindergarten to year 12 education to the communities of Warnbro (Rockingham) and Halls Head (Mandurah), Western Australia.	Living Waters Lutheran College	Australia
country	Stokmarknes Airport, Skagen (IATA: SKN, ICAO: ENSK) (Norwegian: Stokmarknes lufthavn, Skagen) is an airport in the municipality of Hadsel in Nordland county, Norway.	Stokmarknes Airport, Skagen	Norway
country	Te Awanga is a small beachside town in Hawke's Bay, New Zealand.	Te Awanga	New Zealand
country	Rudkøbing is a town on the island of Langeland in Denmark with a population of 4,537 (1 January 2014) belonging to Langeland municipality (formerly Rudkøbing municipality).	Rudkøbing	Denmark
country	Shuyesheh (Persian: شويشه‎, also Romanized as Shūyesheh; also known as Shavīsheh and Shevīsheh) is a city in and capital of Kalatrazan District, in Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Shuyesheh	Iran
country	The Global Arena is a sports venue in Munakata, Fukuoka, Kyūshū, Japan.	Global Arena	Japan
country	Reyabad (Persian: ري آباد‎, also Romanized as Reyābād and Riābād) is a village in Kalat-e Hay-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Reyabad	Iran
country	Ogieniowo (ɔɡʲɛˈɲɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brodnica, within Śrem County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Ogieniowo	Poland
country	Parvati Hill is a hillock in Pune, India.	Parvati Hill	India
country	As of 2001, according to the India census, Hirekerur has a population of 15,874.	Hirekerur	India
country	The Priority Development Assistance Fund (PDAF) is a discretionary fund in the Philippines available to members of Congress.	Priority Development Assistance Fund	Philippines
country	Soltan Qeshlaqi (Persian: سلطان قشلاقي‎, also Romanized as Solṭān Qeshlāqī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Soltan Qeshlaqi	Iran
country	Évora (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈɛvuɾɐ)) is a city and a municipality in Portugal.	Évora	Portugal
country	St. Francis Hospital Nsambya, commonly known as Nsambya Hospital, is a hospital in Kampala, the capital of Uganda and the largest city in that country.	Nsambya Hospital	Uganda
country	Yarlovo (Bulgarian: Ярлово) is village in Samokov municipality of Sofia Province in South-West Bulgaria.	Yarlovo	Bulgaria
country	Abardeh-ye Sofla (Persian: ابرده سفلي‎, also Romanized as Abardeh-e Soflá; also known as Abar Deh-e Pā’īn and Abardeh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Shandiz Rural District, Shandiz District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Abardeh-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Salehabad-e Chaqorli (Persian: صالح آبادچقرلي‎, also Romanized as Şaleḩābād-e Chaqorlī; also known as Şaleḩābād, Qānjīq, and Qanjīq) is a village in Aq Su Rural District, in the Central District of Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Salehabad-e Chaqorli	Iran
country	Bergsjön is a district in eastern Gothenburg, Sweden.	Bergsjön	Sweden
country	Atuagagdliutit/Grønlandsposten, usually referred to as AG, is one of two newspapers in Greenland which are distributed nationwide.	Atuagagdliutit/Grønlandsposten	Greenland
country	Veliki Krš (Serbian Cyrillic: Велики крш) is a mountain in eastern Serbia, near the city of Bor.	Veliki Krš	Serbia
country	Vát is a village in Vas county, Hungary.	Vát	Hungary
country	Kłodzko (ˈkwɔt͡skɔ) (Czech: Kladsko; German: Glatz; Latin: Glacio) is a town in south-western Poland, in the region of Lower Silesia.	Kłodzko	Poland
country	Loddo or Løddo is a mountain in the municipality of Austevoll in Hordaland county, Norway.	Loddo	Norway
country	Al-Hamdaniya District (also known as Bakhdida District) is a district in Ninawa Governorate, Iraq.	Al-Hamdaniya District	Iraq
country	Qube Holdings Ltd is a diversified logistics and infrastructure company in Australia.	Qube Holdings	Australia
country	The Big Scrub was the largest area of subtropical lowland rainforest in eastern Australia.	Big Scrub	Australia
country	Shefa-'Amr, also Shfar'am (Arabic: شفاعمرو‎, Šafā ʻAmr, Hebrew: שְׁפַרְעָם, Šəfarʻam) is an Arab city in the North District of Israel.	Shefa-'Amr	Israel
country	Ravnaja (Serbian Cyrillic: Равнаја) is a village in Serbia.	Ravnaja	Serbia
country	Šmartno pod Šmarno Goro (pronounced (ˈʃmaːɾtnɔ pɔt ˈʃmaːɾnɔ ˈɡɔːɾɔ); German: Sankt Martin unter dem Großkahlenberge) is a formerly independent settlement in the northern part of the capital Ljubljana in central Slovenia.	Šmartno pod Šmarno Goro	Slovenia
country	Paikuse is a borough (Estonian: alev) in Pärnu County, southwestern Estonia.	Paikuse	Estonia
country	Malnad College of Engineering (MCE) is an engineering college located in Hassan, Karnataka, India.	Malnad College of Engineering	India
country	Le Bignon-Mirabeau is a commune in the Centre region of France.	Le Bignon-Mirabeau	France
country	Kotir (Persian: كتير‎, also Romanized as Kotīr; also known as Kūtīr) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Kelardasht District, Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kotir	Iran
country	Młodzieszyn (mwɔˈd͡ʑeʂɨn) is a village in Poland, in Masovian Voivodship.	Młodzieszyn	Poland
country	Dhaka International University (ঢাকা ইন্টারন্যাশনাল ইউনিভার্সিটি) or DIU is a non-government institution in Dhaka, Bangladesh.	Dhaka International University	Bangladesh
country	Nxai Pan is a large salt pan topographic depression which is part of the larger Makgadikgadi Pans in northeastern Botswana.	Nxai Pan	Botswana
country	L'Isle-sur-la-Sorgue (French pronunciation: ​(lil syʁ (la) ˈsɔʁɡ); Occitan: L'Illa de Sòrga (ˈlilɔ de ˈsɔʁɡɔ) or L'Illa de Venissa (ˈlilɔ de veˈnisɔ)) is a town and commune on the Sorgue river southeastern France.	L'Isle-sur-la-Sorgue	France
country	Hotel InterContinental Prague is a 5-star luxury hotel in Prague, Czech Republic.	Hotel InterContinental Prague	Czech Republic
country	Guéhenno (Breton: Gwezhennoù) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.	Guéhenno	France
country	Zarabod is a small agricultural hamlet in Gojal (Upper Hunza) in Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan.	Zarabod	Pakistan
country	Ofoten District Court (Norwegian: Ofoten tingrett) is the district court located in the city of Narvik in Nordland county, Norway.	Ofoten District Court	Norway
country	Agus River is a river that flows for 36.5 km from Lanao Lake to Iligan Bay, Philippines.	Agus River	Philippines
country	Świerków (ˈɕfjɛrkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radków, within Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Świerków	Poland
country	Åstorp is a bimunicipal locality and the seat of Åstorp Municipality in Skåne County, Sweden with 9,488 inhabitants in 2010.	Åstorp	Sweden
country	Alonim (Hebrew: אַלּוֹנִים, lit. Oaks) is a kibbutz in northern Israel.	Alonim	Israel
country	Kozje (pronounced (ˈkoːzjɛ)) is a small town and a municipality in eastern Slovenia.	Kozje	Slovenia
country	Žamenci (pronounced (ˈʒaːmɛntsi)) is a small village in the Municipality of Dornava in northeastern Slovenia.	Žamenci	Slovenia
country	The Western Mustang Band (WMB) is the marching band for the University of Western Ontario in London, Ontario, Canada.	Western Mustang Band	Canada
country	Col des Montets (elevation 1,461 m or 4,793 ft) is a mountain pass in the French Alps in the Haute-Savoie department of France.	Col des Montets	France
country	Opfingen is a village to the west of Freiburg, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Opfingen	Germany
country	Watergate Bay (Cornish: Porth Tregoryan, meaning cove at Coryan's farm) is a bay located two miles north of Newquay on the B3276 Newquay to Padstow road near the village of Tregurrian in Cornwall, United Kingdom.	Watergate Bay	United Kingdom
country	Skorovatn Chapel (Norwegian: Skorovatn kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Namsskogan in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Skorovatn Chapel	Norway
country	The Yabus River (or Khor Yabus) rises in the far west of Ethiopia, in Asosa Zone, flows west into Sudan past the town of Yabus, then enters South Sudan.	Yabus River	Ethiopia	Sudan	South Sudan
country	The Nebelhorn Trophy is an international senior-level figure skating competition organized by the Deutsche Eislauf-Union and held annually in Oberstdorf, Germany.	Nebelhorn Trophy	Germany
country	Celle (German pronunciation: (ˈtsɛlə)) is a town and capital of the district of Celle, in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Celle	Germany
country	Plasencia is a walled market city in the province of Cáceres, Extremadura, Western Spain.	Plasencia	Spain
country	Köndələn (also, Kendelyan) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Köndələn	Azerbaijan
country	Jahadabad-e Narak (Persian: جهادابادنارك‎, also Romanized as Jahādābād-e Nārak; also known as Jahādābād) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District, in the Central District of Gachsaran County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Jahadabad-e Narak	Iran
country	The Plessur Alps are a mountain range in the Alps of eastern Switzerland.	Plessur Alps	Switzerland
country	Krvojevići (Serbian: Крвојевићи) is a village in the Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Krvojevići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The City Municipality of Celje (pronounced (ˈtsɛːljɛ); Slovene: Mestna občina Celje) is one of eleven city municipalities in Slovenia.	City Municipality of Celje	Slovenia
country	Swinburne University of Technology Sarawak Campus is the foreign branch campus of Swinburne University in Melbourne, Australia and is located in Kuching, Sarawak, Malaysia.	Swinburne University of Technology Sarawak Campus	Malaysia
country	Samotorica (pronounced (samɔˈtoːɾitsa)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills northwest of Horjul in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Samotorica	Slovenia
country	Hoseynabad-e Javaheri (Persian: حسين ابادجواهري‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Javāherī; also known as Ḩoseīnābād and Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Behnamvasat-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Varamin County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Javaheri	Iran
country	The Chaussée de Wavre (French) or Waversesteenweg (Dutch) in Brussels, Belgium is a major street crossing the municipalities of Ixelles, Etterbeek and Auderghem.	Chaussée de Wavre	Belgium
country	Lac du Bonnet (North) Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CJS9), is located 3 nautical miles (5.6 km; 3.5 mi) northeast of Lac du Bonnet, Manitoba, Canada.	Lac du Bonnet (North) Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	The Mearim River is a river in Maranhão state of northern Brazil.	Mearim River	Brazil
country	Krężnica Jara (krɛ̃ʐˈnit͡sa ˈjara) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niedrzwica Duża, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Krężnica Jara	Poland
country	Akunk (Armenian: Ակունք, also Romanized as Akunk'' and Akunq; until 1935, Kirkhbulag and Ghrkhbulagh) is a village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Akunk	Armenia
country	Abdul Kalam Island, formerly known as Wheeler Island, is an island off the coast of Odisha, India, approximately 150 kilometres (93 mi) from the state capital Bhubaneshwar.	Abdul Kalam Island	India
country	The Thessaloniki Forum was an indoor sports arena located near Thessaloniki city centre, in Greece.	Thessaloniki Forum	Greece
country	Kheyaru (Persian: خيارو‎, also Romanized as Kheyārū, Khīārū, Khiyaroo, and Khīyārū) is a village in Chah-e Mobarak Rural District, Chah-e Mobarak District, Asaluyeh County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Kheyaru	Iran
country	The Statue of Giordano Bruno, created by Ettore Ferrari, was erected at Campo de' Fiori in Rome, Italy, in 1889.	Statue of Giordano Bruno	Italy
country	Xinjiang Normal University (XJNU; Uyghur: شىنجاڭ پىداگوگېكا ئۇنىۋېرسىتېتى ‎‎; Chinese: 新疆师范大学; pinyin: Xīnjiāng Shīfàn Dàxué) is a university in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China.	Xinjiang Normal University	People's Republic of China
country	Łęg Rokietnicki is a river of Poland, a left tributary of the San.	Łęg Rokietnicki	Poland
country	Cluj-Napoca City Hall, located at 3 Moților Street, is the seat of government for Cluj-Napoca, Romania.	Cluj-Napoca City Hall	Romania
country	As with all towns in the United Kingdom, Leominster has a maritime climate, with mild winters and summers.	Leominster	United Kingdom
country	The Château de Fontenoy-le-Château is a ruined castle located in the commune of Fontenoy-le-Château in the Vosges département of north-eastern France.	Château de Fontenoy-le-Château	France
country	The Colville Range is a small mountain range in southwestern British Columbia, Canada, located on the north side of Mackenzie Sound and north of Broughton Island.	Colville Range	Canada
country	Styggforsen is a waterfall and a nature reserve in Dalarna County, Sweden.	Styggforsen	Sweden
country	Vancouver Harbour Flight Centre, previously Vancouver Harbour Water Airport or Vancouver Coal Harbour Seaplane Base (IATA: CXH, ICAO: CYHC), is located at Coal Harbour in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Vancouver Harbour Flight Centre	Canada
country	The Sardar Vallabhbhai National Institute of Technology, Surat (Hindi: सरदार वल्लभभाई राष्ट्रीय प्रौद्योगिकी संस्थान , सूरत) (Gujarati: સરદાર વલ્લભભાઈ રાષ્ટ્રીય પ્રૌદ્યોગિકી સંસ્થાન) popularly known as National Institute of Technology, Surat, NIT Surat or SVNIT, is an engineering institute of higher education established by the Parliament of India in 1961.	Sardar Vallabhbhai National Institute of Technology, Surat	India
country	Inner-Sildvikvatnet or Indre Sildvikvatnet (Northern Sami: Ruoidnajávri) is a lake in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county, Norway.	Indre Sildvikvatnet	Norway
country	Gmina Ruda Maleniecka (Polish pronunciation: (ˈɾuda malɛˈɲɛt͡ska)) is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Gmina Ruda Maleniecka	Poland
country	The National University of Advanced Legal Studies (NUALS) (earlier National Institute for Advanced Legal Studies) is a uni-disciplinary university in Kochi, India for undergraduate, graduate and post-graduate legal education.	National University of Advanced Legal Studies	India
country	Valley of the Ten Peaks (French: Vallée des Dix Pics) is a valley in Banff National Park in Alberta, Canada, which is crowned by ten notable peaks and also includes Moraine Lake.	Valley of the Ten Peaks	Canada
country	Karimabad Qadim (Persian: کريم آباد قديم‎, also Romanized as Karīmābād Qadīm; also known as Karīmābād) is a village in Nurabad Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Karimabad Qadim	Iran
country	Kampioenschap van Vlaanderen (Championship of Flanders) or Koolskamp Koerse is a single-day road bicycle race held annually in September in Koolskamp (part-municipality of Ardooie), West Flanders, Belgium.	Kampioenschap van Vlaanderen	Belgium
country	Bulanliq (Persian: بولانليق‎, also Romanized as Būlānlīq; also known as Bolānlīq) is a village in Qezel Uzan Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bulanliq	Iran
country	Club Atlético Unión (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈkluβ aˈtletiko uˈnjon); mostly known as Unión de Santa Fe (uˈnjon de santa ˈfe), CA Unión de Santa Fe or simply Unión) is a sports club from Santa Fe, the capital city of the Santa Fe Province with the same name in Argentina.	Unión de Santa Fe	Argentina
country	Bazmaghbyur (Armenian: Բազմաղբյուր, until 1949, Takiya and Takia; Russian: Bazmakhpyur) is a village located in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Bazmaghbyur	Armenia
country	Salignac-de-Mirambeau is a commune in the department in the Poitou-Charentes region in southwestern France.	Salignac-de-Mirambeau	France
country	Mohreh Nar Mohammad (Persian: مهره نارمحمد‎‎, also Romanized as Mohreh Nār Moḩammad; also known as Mohrehnarmohammad) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Mohreh Nar Mohammad	Iran
country	Schifflange (Luxembourgish: Schëffleng, German: Schifflingen) is a commune and town in south-western Luxembourg.	Schifflange	Luxembourg
country	The Transiting Planets and Planetesimals Small Telescope (TRAPPIST) is a Belgian, remote and robotic telescope in Chile, which came online in 2010.	TRAPPIST	Chile
country	Mount Bwahit (or Buahit, Bachit, Buiheat) is a peak of the Semien Mountains in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia.	Mount Bwahit	Ethiopia
country	Banja Luka (Serbian Cyrillic: Бања Лука, pronounced (bǎɲa lǔːka)) or Banjaluka (Serbian Cyrillic: Бањалука) is the second largest city in Bosnia and Herzegovina after the capital Sarajevo and is the largest city of the Republika Srpska entity.	Banja Luka	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Möhlintal is a 10-kilometre long valley running between Möhlin and Wegenstetten in the Rheinfelden district of Canton Aargau, Switzerland.	Möhlintal	Switzerland
country	Boullanger Island (30°18′55``S 115°00′13''E) lies off the coast of Western Australia and covers an area of about 35 hectares (86 acres).	Boullanger Island	Australia
country	Paranavaí is a city in southern Brazil that was founded on December 14, 1952.	Paranavaí	Brazil
country	The Aguirre School (Escuelas Aguirre), today also known as the Casa Árabe (Arabic House), is a notable Neo-Mudéjar style building, located at Calle de Alcalá, 62, Madrid, Spain.	Aguirre School	Spain
country	The Swiss National Bank (SNB) is the central bank of Switzerland, and so is therefore responsible for the monetary policy of the nation of Switzerland and also for the issuing of Swiss franc banknotes.	Swiss National Bank	Switzerland
country	Pasonanca is a barangay of Zamboanga City, Philippines belonging to the First (West) Congressional district.	Pasonanca	Philippines
country	Sayel Mayel (Persian: سايل مايل‎, also Romanized as Sāyel Māyel; also known as Posht Darband) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Sayel Mayel	Iran
country	The Qurama Mountains is a mountain range in Tajikistan and Uzbekistan and continues into Kyrgyzstan.	Qurama Mountains	Tajikistan
country	Phugla is a small valley near Taunsa Sharif in Pakistan.	Phugla	Pakistan
country	Donsö is a small island in the Southern Göteborg Archipelago and a locality situated in Göteborg Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden.	Donsö	Sweden
country	Sorède (Catalan: Sureda, that is cork oak wood) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.	Sorède	France
country	Bitale (Somali: Bitaale) is a town in the central Hiran region of Somalia.	Bitale	Somalia
country	Footscray Town Hall, also known as Maribyrnong Town Hall since council amalgamations in the 1990s, is a civic building located on Napier Street in Footscray, a suburb of Melbourne, Australia.	Footscray Town Hall	Australia
country	Mavrovo Lake (Macedonian: Мавровско Езеро, Mavrovsko ezero) is situated in the Mavrovo region, in the Mavrovo and Rostuša municipality of the Republic of Macedonia, less than 100 km from Skopje.	Mavrovo Lake	Macedonia
country	Greek National Road 11 (Greek: Εθνική Οδός 11, abbreviated as EO11) is a dual carriageway in the Thessaloniki Urban Area in Central Macedonia, Greece.	Greek National Road 11	Greece
country	Breisgau is an area in southwest Germany between the Rhine River and the foothills of the Black Forest.	Breisgau	Germany
country	DR-3 is one of three main dual carriageway highways of the Dominican Republic, connecting Santo Domingo to the eastern cities of the republic.	DR-3	Dominican Republic
country	Arch of the Sergii is an Ancient Roman triumphal arch located in Pula, Croatia.	Arch of the Sergii	Croatia
country	Sietland is a former Samtgemeinde (``collective municipality'') in the district of Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Sietland	Germany
country	The Dunedin Southern Motorway is the main arterial route south from the South Island city of Dunedin, part of New Zealand's State Highway 1.	Dunedin Southern Motorway	New Zealand
country	Borpop Airfield, also known as Huris Airfield, was an aerodrome located near Namatani, west of Borpop Harbour in New Ireland Province, Papua New Guinea.	Borpop Airfield	Papua New Guinea
country	Liverpool Speedway (also known during its life as Liverpool International Speedway and Liverpool City Raceway) was located in Green Valley, Western Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Liverpool Speedway	Australia
country	Kadoorie Agricultural High School is an agricultural school and youth village in Israel situated next to Mount Tabor in the Lower Galilee, two kilometers north of Kfar Tavor.	Kadoorie Agricultural High School	Israel
country	Benton Park View, located in High Heaton, a suburb of the City of Newcastle upon Tyne, United Kingdom, is a multi-agency site of the UK Government.	Benton Park View	United Kingdom
country	The 2011 Hungarian Grand Prix, formally the XXVII Eni Magyar Nagydíj, was a Formula One motor race that was held on 31 July 2011, at the Hungaroring in Mogyoród, near Budapest, Hungary It was the eleventh round of the 2011 Formula One season, and the 27th Hungarian Grand Prix.	2011 Hungarian Grand Prix	Hungary
country	Lipceni is a commune in Rezina district, Moldova that contains only one village, Lipceni.	Lipceni	Moldova
country	The Bjørgan parsonage (Norwegian: Bjørgan prestegård) is a museum and former parsonage in Kvikne in the northern part of the municipality of Tynset in Hedmark county, Norway.	Bjørgan parsonage	Norway
country	Haarby or Hårby is a town in central Denmark with a population of 2,460 (1 January 2014).	Haarby	Denmark
country	Pedrinate is a village and former municipality in Switzerland.	Pedrinate	Switzerland
country	The Pescopagano massacre (Italian:Strage di Pescopagano) was a massacre perpetrated by the La Torre clan on 24 April 1990 in front of a bar in Pescopagano, in the municipality of Mondragone, located in the province of Caserta, Italy.	Pescopagano massacre	Italy
country	Voderady is a village and municipality of Trnava District in the Trnava region of Slovakia.	Voderady	Slovakia
country	Tomar (Portuguese pronunciation: (tuˈmaɾ)), also known in English as Thomar, is a city and a municipality in Santarém District in Portugal.	Tomar	Portugal
country	Harmileh (Persian: هرميله‎, also Romanized as Harmīleh) is a village in Sara Rural District, in the Central District of Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Harmileh	Iran
country	Stevensons Island (Te Peka Karara) is a small 65-hectare (160-acre) island in the Stevensons Arm section of Lake Wanaka, New Zealand.	Stevensons Island	New Zealand
country	Fasli (Greek: Φάσλι) is an abandoned Turkish Cypriot village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 2 km south of Androlikou.	Fasli	Cyprus
country	The Grassen is a mountain of the Urner Alps, located east of the Titlis in Central Switzerland.	Grassen	Switzerland
country	Little Wanganui is a small settlement in the district of Karamea, New Zealand.	Little Wanganui	New Zealand
country	Mayumba National Park is a national park in southwestern Gabon.	Mayumba National Park	Gabon
country	The Skowkale First Nation or Skowkale Band is a band government of the Sto:lo people located in the Upper Fraser Valley region, near Sardis, part of Chilliwack, British Columbia, Canada.	Skowkale First Nation	Canada
country	Dimnići (Serbian: Димнићи) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Dimnići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Brovari (Ukrainian: Броварі, Polish: Browary) is a village in the Buchach Raion (district) of the Ternopil Oblast (province) in western Ukraine.	Brovari	Ukraine
country	Mallı-Şıxlı is a municipality in the Goychay Rayon of central Azerbaijan.	Mallı-Şıxlı	Azerbaijan
country	Christiansø Fortress is one of the historic Norwegian fortresses, which commands the western approaches to Flekkerøy harbor, at Kristiansand municipality in Norway.	Christiansø Fortress	Norway
country	Naraina is a village in the New Delhi of in India.	Naraina	India
country	Balakovo Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Балаково) (IATA: BWO, ICAO: UWSB) is an airport in Russia located 19 km south of Balakovo.	Balakovo Airport	Russia
country	Aluminé is a second class municipality and the capital city of Aluminé Department located in Neuquén Province, Argentina.	Aluminé	Argentina
country	Assignats were paper money issued by the National Assembly in France from 1789 to 1796, during the French Revolution.	Assignat	France
country	Along with New Guinea, the Bismarck Archipelago and the Solomon Islands Archipelago, the Admiralty Islands were first inhabited approximately 40,000 years ago, in the initial wave of migration out of Southeast Asia that also populated Australia.	Admiralty Islands	Australia
country	Fano Airport is an airport in Italy (ICAO: LIDF).	Fano Airport	Italy
country	Kyaikmaraw (Burmese: ကျိုက်မရောမြို့; Mon: ကျာ်မြဟ် /caik pəròh/) is a town in the Mon State of south-east Myanmar.	Kyaikmaraw	Myanmar
country	The Museumplein (Dutch pronunciation: (myˌzeːʏmˈplɛin); English: Museum Square) is a public space in the borough Amsterdam South in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Museumplein	Netherlands
country	The College of Lamego is a private school owned by the Benedictine Order of the Portuguese province and located in the city of Lamego, Portugal, where students are taught the 2nd and 3rd cycle of basic education and secondary education.	College of Lamego	Portugal
country	Kalateh-ye Nazar Mohammad (Persian: كلاته نظرمحمد‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Naz̧ar Moḩammad; also known as Naz̧ar Moḩammad) is a village in Jirestan Rural District, Sarhad District, Shirvan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Nazar Mohammad	Iran
country	Woroszyły (vɔrɔˈʂɨwɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wasilków, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Woroszyły	Poland
country	Lago Ravasanella is a lake in Piedmont, north-west Italy which straddles the provinces of Vercelli and Biella.	Lago Ravasanella	Italy
country	The Centre Pompidou-Metz is a museum of modern and contemporary arts located in Metz, capital of Lorraine, France.	Centre Pompidou-Metz	France
country	Dve Viski (Russian: Две виски) is a rural locality (a selo) in Pokhodsky Rural Okrug of Nizhnekolymsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 105 kilometers (65 mi) from Chersky, the administrative center of the district and 60 kilometers (37 mi) from Pokhodsk.	Dve Viski	Russia
country	Bissau Cathedral (Portuguese: Catedral de Bissau), also known as Sé Catedral de Nossa Senhora da Candelária (Cathedral of Our Lady of Candelaria) is a Christian cathedral in Bissau, Guinea-Bissau.	Bissau Cathedral	Guinea-Bissau
country	The Republican Party of São Paulo (Portuguese: Partido Republicano Paulista, PRP) was a Brazilian political party founded on April 18, 1873 during the Itu Convention and sparked the first modern republican movement in Brazil.	Republican Party of São Paulo	Brazil
country	Dolnja Topla Reber (pronounced (ˈdoːlnja ˈtɔːpla ˈɾeːbəɾ); German: Unterwarmberg) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Dolnja Topla Reber	Slovenia
country	Lotoko, also known by the slang term ``pétrole'', is a home-distilled alcoholic drink or ``moonshine'' in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Lotoko	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Kildevældsparken (English is a small park in the outer Østerbro district of Copenhagen, Denmark. It is bounded by Vognmandsmarken/Bellmansgade and Borgervænget. It has an area of 0.77 hectares and contains a lake.	Kildevældsparken	Denmark
country	Dobrejance is a village in the municipality of Vranje, Serbia.	Dobrejance	Serbia
country	Strejaci (pronounced (ˈstɾeːjatsi)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Dornava in northeastern Slovenia.	Strejaci	Slovenia
country	Agios Ioannis Rentis (Greek: Άγιος Ιωάννης Ρέντης) is a suburb and a former municipality in the western part of the Athens-Piraeus agglomeration, Greece.	Agios Ioannis Rentis	Greece
country	Meyssiez (formerly Meyssiès) is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.	Meyssiez	France
country	Waikanae Railway Station in Waikanae on the Kapiti Coast, New Zealand is the terminal station on the Kapiti Line for Tranz Metro's electric multiple unit commuter trains from Wellington.	Waikanae Railway Station	New Zealand
country	Queen Tamar Airport (ICAO: UGMS), or Mestia Airport, is a small airport serving Mestia, a town in Samegrelo-Zemo Svaneti, Georgia.	Queen Tamar Airport	Georgia
country	Rihpojávri is a lake which lies in the municipality of Storfjord in Troms county, Norway, just to the south of European route E8.	Rihpojávri	Norway
country	Lakkon is a town and jamoat in northern Tajikistan.	Lakkon	Tajikistan
country	Al-Shabatliyah (Arabic: الشبطلية‎) is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Latakia Governorate, located north of Latakia.	Al-Shabatliyah	Syria
country	Naveen Shahdara is an affluent residential area home to upper middle class and business class, located in North East Delhi district of Delhi, India.	Naveen Shahdara	India
country	Pretoria High School for Girls, also called Girls High or PHSG, is a public, fee charging, English medium high school for girls located in Hatfield, Pretoria, Gauteng, South Africa.	Pretoria High School for Girls	South Africa
country	The Island of Montreal (French: Île de Montréal, Kanien’kéha: Tiohtià:ke), in southwestern Quebec, Canada, is located at the confluence of the Saint Lawrence and Ottawa Rivers.	Island of Montreal	Canada
country	Circuit du Mas du Clos is a racing circuit in Mas du Clos, France.	Circuit du Mas du Clos	France
country	Partizansk (Russian: Партиза́нск) is a town in Primorsky Krai, Russia, located on a spur of the Sikhote-Alin Mountains, about 170 kilometers (110 mi) east of Vladivostok, the administrative center of the krai.	Partizansk	Russia
country	Aqa Kandi (Persian: اقاكندي‎, also Romanized as Āqā Kandī; also known as Agakyandy, Āghā Kand, and Āq Kandī) is a village in Azghan Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aqa Kandi	Iran
country	Mokrovousy (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmokrovou̯sɪ); German: Nassenbart) is a village in the Czech Republic, in Hradec Králové Region.	Mokrovousy	Czech Republic
country	Nowe Ręczaje (ˈnɔvɛ rɛnˈt͡ʂajɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowe Ręczaje	Poland
country	Ernestowo (ɛrnɛsˈtɔvɔ) (German: Ernsthof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świecie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Ernestowo	Poland
country	Runosmäki (Swedish Runosbacken) is a district and a suburb of the city of Turku, Finland, located approximately six kilometres to the north of the city centre.	Runosmäki	Finland
country	Kampong Seila District (Khmer: ស្រុកកំពង់សីលា) is a district (srok) in south-western Cambodia, which formerly belonged to Koh Kong Province.	Kampong Seila District	Cambodia
country	Villa Maund is a villa in Schoppernau, Hopfreben in Vorarlberg, Austria, built for Sir John Oakley Maund (died 10 June 1902) between 1891 and 1895.	Villa Maund	Austria
country	National Caotun Commercial & Industrial Vocational Senior High School (simplified Chinese: 国立草屯高级商工职业学校; traditional Chinese: 國立草屯高級商工職業學校; CTCIHS), also known as National Tsaotun Commercial & Industrial Vocational Senior High School (sometimes abbreviated TTVS), is located in the town of Caotun, Nantou County, Taiwan, Republic of China.	National Caotun Commercial & Industrial Vocational Senior High School	Taiwan
country	The Societé Anonyme Belge d'Exploitation de la Navigation Aérienne, (French; ``Belgian Corporation for Air Navigation Services''), better known internationally by the acronym Sabena or SABENA, was the national airline of Belgium from 1923 to 2001, with its base at Brussels National Airport.	Sabena	Belgium
country	The Cávado River (Portuguese: rio Cávado) is a river located in north Portugal.	Cávado River	Portugal
country	Jebel Dair (also Jabal ad-Dayr or Dair Mountain) (Arabic: جبل الدائر‎) is an igneous mountain in central Sudan.	Jebel Dair	Sudan
country	Anguzhan (Persian: انگوژان‎, also Romanized as Angūzhān) is a village in Naran Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Anguzhan	Iran
country	Gueltas (Breton: Gweltaz) is a commune in the Morbihan department in Brittany in north-western France.	Gueltas	France
country	Lismore Base Hospital is the major referral public hospital for the far north coast of New South Wales, Australia, and is located in the city of Lismore.	Lismore Base Hospital	Australia
country	Goleč (pronounced (ɡǒletʃ)) is an uninhabited islet in Croatia, part of the Elaphiti Islands archipelago off the coast of southern Dalmatia, near Dubrovnik.	Goleč	Croatia
country	The Cueva Murciélago Wildlife Refuge is a wildlife refuge of Costa Rica, part of the Tempisque Conservation Area, and protects tropical forest in the coastal areas of the southern Nicoya Peninsula near Cabuya.	Cueva Murciélago Wildlife Refuge	Costa Rica
country	Rumeli Feneri, aka Türkeli Feneri, a historical lighthouse still in use, is located on the European side of Bosphorus' Black Sea entrance in Istanbul, Turkey.	Rumeli Feneri	Turkey
country	City Park Radio is a community radio station in Launceston, Tasmania, Australia, broadcasting on the frequency 103.7 FM and is a member of the Community Broadcasting Association of Australia.	City Park Radio	Australia
country	Heddøla is a river in the municipalities Hjartdal and Notodden in Telemark, Norway.	Heddøla	Norway
country	Petre Bay is a large bay which comprises about half of the west coast of Chatham Island/Rekohu, the largest island in New Zealand's Chatham Islands archipelago.	Petre Bay	New Zealand
country	Tharaka-Nithi County is one of the 47 counties of Kenya located in Kenya's former Eastern Province.	Tharaka-Nithi County	Kenya
country	Rohrendorf bei Krems (German for Tubin village by Krems) is a municipality in the district of Krems-Land in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.	Rohrendorf bei Krems	Austria
country	Medzilaborce (Hungarian: Mezőlaborc, Ukrainian: Меджилабірці, Medzhylabirtsi, Rusyn: Меджильабірці, Medžilabirci) is a town in northeastern Slovakia close to the border with Poland, located near the towns of Sanok and Bukowsko (in southeastern Małopolska).	Medzilaborce	Slovakia
country	The Geassocieerde Pers Diensten (GPD) was a Netherlands based news agency.	Geassocieerde Pers Diensten	Netherlands
country	Illawarra Sports High School formerly Berkeley High School is a high school located in Berkeley, New South Wales, Australia.	Illawarra Sports High School	Australia
country	Mołtowo (mɔu̯ˈtɔvɔ) (German: Moltow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gościno, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Mołtowo	Poland
country	Świątniki Górne (ɕfʲɔntˈɲiki ˈɡurnɛ) is a town in southern Poland, situated in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship (since 1999), previously in Kraków Voivodeship (1975--1998).	Świątniki Górne	Poland
country	Damwâld (Dutch: Damwoude) is a village in the Dantumadiel municipality of Friesland, in the Netherlands and has around 5600 citizens (2014).	Damwâld	Netherlands
country	The Finlay Ranges are a mountain range in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Finlay Ranges	Canada
country	Hammam Bourguiba (Arabic: حمام بورقيبة) is a mountain village in north-western Tunisia in the Jendouba Governorate situated 17 kilometers west of Ain Draham and 32 kilometers south of Tabarka.	Hammam Bourguiba	Tunisia
country	Colosova (Ukrainian: Колосове, Kolosove, Russian: Колосово, Kolosovo) is a commune in the Grigoriopol District of Transnistria, Moldova.	Colosova	Moldova
country	Shakawe Airport (IATA: SWX, ICAO: FBSW) is an aerodrome serving Shakawe, a village in the North-West District of Botswana.	Shakawe Airport	Botswana
country	The Fort St. John Huskies are a Canadian Junior ``B'' Ice Hockey team based in Fort St. John, British Columbia, Canada.	Fort St. John Huskies	Canada
country	Paaras is a bilingual (Urdu and English) family magazine published each month from Canada for the large Pakistani Canadian community in North America by Meridian Multimedia Network Inc.	Paaras	Canada
country	Thonje is a village in the Himalayas of northern Nepal.	Thonje	Nepal
country	CHHO-FM is a French-language community radio format which operates at 103.1 MHz (FM) in Louiseville, Quebec, Canada, with rebroadcaster CHHO-FM-1 104.9 MHz in Saint-Alexis-des-Monts.	CHHO-FM	Canada
country	Wola Więcierzowa (ˈvɔla vjɛnt͡ɕɛˈʐɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przysucha, within Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Więcierzowa	Poland
country	The Bielstein Tunnel (German: Bielsteintunnel) is a disused railway tunnel in Saxony-Anhalt in the Harz Mountains of Central Germany.	Bielstein Tunnel	Germany
country	Toten is a traditional district in Oppland county in the eastern part of Norway.	Toten	Norway
country	The Jan Hus Memorial stands at one end of Old Town Square, Prague in the Czech Republic.	Jan Hus Memorial	Czech Republic
country	Chifley Tower is a premium skyscraper in Sydney, Australia.	Chifley Tower	Australia
country	Val Camonica (also Valcamonica or Camonica Valley, local dialect: Al Camònega) is one of the largest valleys of the central Alps, in eastern Lombardy, Italy.	Val Camonica	Italy
country	Tirangore (or Tarrangolle, Tirangole) is a village in the Hiyala Payam of Torit county in the Eastern Equatoria State of South Sudan.	Tirangore	South Sudan
country	Tom Price Airport (IATA: TPR, ICAO: YTMP) is an airport near Tom Price, Western Australia.	Tom Price Airport	Australia
country	Fribourg railway station (French: Gare de Fribourg; German: Bahnhof Freiburg im Üechtland) serves the municipality of Fribourg, capital of the canton of Fribourg, Switzerland.	Fribourg railway station	Switzerland
country	Jeglia (ˈjɛɡlja) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rybno, within Działdowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jeglia	Poland
country	Verin Charbakh (also, Verin Ch’arbakh and Charbakh) is a part of Shengavit District in Yerevan, Armenia.	Verin Charbakh	Armenia
country	Khiareh (Persian: خياره‎, also Romanized as Khīāreh and Kheyāreh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Khiareh	Iran
country	The Irish Parachute Club (IPC) is located in Clonbullogue, County Offaly, in Ireland.	Irish Parachute Club	Ireland
country	Stamnes Church (Norwegian: Stamnes kyrkje) is a parish church in Vaksdal municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Stamnes Church	Norway
country	The Lake Auksi is a lake in Viljandi County, Estonia, near the village of Auksi.	Lake Auksi	Estonia
country	Fjällhyddan (English: the Mountain Hut), also known as Jakthyddan (English: the Hunting Hut) and other variants of that name, was a building constructed in Uddevalla, Sweden, during the late 19th century.	Fjällhyddan	Sweden
country	Minthi (Greek: Μίνθη, before 1927: Άλβενα - Alvena) is a mountain village and a community in the municipality of Zacharo, Elis, Greece.	Minthi	Greece
country	Burigoalini is a village in Burigoalini Union of Shyamnagar Upazila in Satkhira District, Bangladesh that is located on the northwestern fringe of the Sundarbans forest.	Burigoalini	Bangladesh
country	Sholayur is a village in the Palakkad district, state of Kerala, India.	Sholayur	India
country	Hauerland (also called Kremnitz-Deutschprobener Sprachinsel) is the German name for a region presently located in central Slovakia once inhabited by Carpathian Germans.	Hauerland	Slovakia
country	Jonjaamji is located in a valley on the southwest ridge of Bulrae Oreum at the Yeongsil Track region of Hallasan on Jeju Island, South Korea.	Jonjaamji	South Korea
country	Anzano di Puglia is a small town and comune in the province of Foggia and region of Apulia in southeast Italy.	Anzano di Puglia	Italy
country	The Stopera is a building complex in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, housing both the city hall of Amsterdam and the Dutch National Opera & Ballet, the principal opera house in Amsterdam that is home of Dutch National Opera, Dutch National Ballet and Holland Symfonia.	Stopera	Netherlands
country	Ghazi-Barotha Hydropower Project (Urdu: غازى بروتھا‎) is a 1,450 MW run-of-the-river hydropower connected to the Indus River about 10 km (6.2 mi) west of Attock in Punjab, Pakistan.	Ghazi-Barotha Hydropower Project	Pakistan
country	Khalkhal Mahalleh-ye Jadid (Persian: خلخال محله جديد‎, also Romanized as Khalkhāl Maḩalleh-ye Jadīd; also known as Khalkhālī Maḩalleh and Khalkhāl Maḩalleh) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Khalkhal Mahalleh-ye Jadid	Iran
country	Laki Ghundaki is a village of Karak District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Laki Ghundaki	Pakistan
country	Hosu-dong (Hangul: 호수동; hanja: 湖水洞) is neighbourhood of Danwon-gu, Ansan, Gyeonggi Province, South Korea.	Hosu-dong	South Korea
country	Kočevje (pronounced (kɔˈtʃeːu̯jɛ); German: Gottschee; Göttscheab or Gətscheab in the local Gottscheerish dialect; Italian: Cocevie) is a city in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Kočevje	Slovenia
country	Lutuhyne (Ukrainian: Лутугине, Russian: Лутугино) is a city in Luhansk Oblast (region) of Ukraine.	Lutuhyne	Ukraine
country	Hinterthal (1,000 metres or 3,281 feet above sea level) is found approximately 14 kilometres (8.7 mi) to the east of Saalfelden and some 60 minutes southwest of the city of Salzburg, Austria.	Hinterthal	Austria
country	Incheon Sungui Stadium was a multi-purpose stadium in Incheon, South Korea.	Incheon Sungui Stadium	South Korea
country	Sliven (Bulgarian: Сливен) is the eighth-largest city in Bulgaria and the administrative and industrial centre of Sliven Province and municipality.	Sliven	Bulgaria
country	The Magnetawan First Nation is an Ojibwe First Nation reserve in Britt, Ontario, Canada.	Magnetawan First Nation	Canada
country	Mali Ban (pronounced (ˈmaːli ˈbaːn)) is a small settlement in the foothills of the Gorjanci Hills in the Municipality of Šentjernej in southeastern Slovenia.	Mali Ban	Slovenia
country	Apno (pronounced (ˈaːpnɔ); in older sources also Apne) is a settlement in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Apno	Slovenia
country	Ch'uxñuma (Aymara ch'uxña green, uma water, ``green water'', also spelled Chucñuma) is a mountain in the northern extensions of the Barroso mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,000 metres (16,404 ft) high.	Ch'uxñuma	Peru
country	Liepāja International Airport (IATA: LPX, ICAO: EVLA) is a regional airport in western Latvia which is certified for international air traffic.	Liepāja International Airport	Latvia
country	Erzincan Airport (IATA: ERC, ICAO: LTCD) is an airport located in Erzincan, Turkey.	Erzincan Airport	Turkey
country	Pantelej (Пантелеј) is one of the municipalities in the City of Niš, Serbia.	Pantelej	Serbia
country	Chah-e Dasht Mohammad Khan 15 (Persian: چاه دشت محمدخان 15‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Dasht Moḩammad Khān 15; also known as Hadaf) is a village in Sahra Rural District, Anabad District, Bardaskan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Dasht Mohammad Khan 15	Iran
country	The Investor Relations Society (IR Society) is the professional body for investor relations professionals in the United Kingdom.	Investor Relations Society	United Kingdom
country	Le Perray-en-Yvelines is a commune in the Yvelines department in the west of Île-de-France in north-central France.	Le Perray-en-Yvelines	France
country	Curusadi St. Antony's Church, which is believed to be 400 years old, is near Nagercoil on the southern tip of India.	Curusadi St. Antony's Church	India
country	Ayodhya ( listen ; IAST Ayodhyā), also known as Saket, is an ancient city of India, believed to be the birthplace of Rama and setting of the epic Ramayana.	Ayodhya	India
country	Langarisho (Persian: لشگر شاه ‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Langarisho	Tajikistan
country	The Schluchsee is a reservoir lake in the district of Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald, southeast of the Titisee in the Black Forest near Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany.	Schluchsee	Germany
country	Visakha Museum (Full name: Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation Museum) is a museum located in the port city of Visakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh, India which houses the historical treasures and artifacts of the Kalingandhra region.	Visakha Museum	India
country	Vimperk (Czech pronunciation: (ˈvɪmpɛrk); German: Winterberg) is a town in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Vimperk	Czech Republic
country	Kin Ab (Persian: كين اب‎, also Romanized as Kīn Āb; also known as Chenābgū) is a village in Vargahan Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kin Ab	Iran
country	Solenha is a proposed 12-megawatt (MW) Fresnel-lens, solar thermal power plant, located in Aspres-sur-Buëch, France.	Solenha	France
country	Dihovo (Macedonian Cyrillic: Дихово) is a village about seven kilometers away from a center of Bitola, which is the second largest city in Macedonia.	Dihovo	Macedonia
country	The House of commerce, (Icelandic: Hús verslunarinnar) is an office tower located at Kringlan 7 near Kringlan shopping mall in Reykjavík, Iceland.	House of commerce	Iceland
country	Annoatok or Anoritooq, located at 78°33′N 72°30′W, was a small hunting station in Greenland on Smith Sound about 24 km (15 mi) north of Etah.	Annoatok	Greenland
country	Farum is a town in the northeast of the island of Zealand in eastern Denmark, 20 km northwest of Copenhagen.	Farum	Denmark
country	St. Francis Hospital Nkokonjeru, commonly referred to as Nkokonjeru Hospital, is a private, non-profit, community hospital in Uganda.	St. Francis Hospital Nkokonjeru	Uganda
country	Potash produced from the Williston Basin makes Canada the world's leading producer of that commodity.	Williston Basin	Canada
country	Bothale Ihalagama is a village nearby Mirigama, Gampaha District, Western Province, Sri Lanka.	Bothale Ihalagama	Sri Lanka
country	Kagalnitskaya (Russian: Кагальницкая) is a rural locality (a stanitsa) and the administrative center of Kagalnitsky District of Rostov Oblast, Russia.	Kagalnitskaya	Russia
country	The Basarabița River is a tributary upstream of the Prăvăleni River in Romania.	Basarabița River	Romania
country	Chittaranjan is a suburb of Asansol at Burdwan District in the state of West Bengal, India.	Chittaranjan	India
country	Craig Cove Airport is an airport in Craig Cove on Ambrym Island in Vanuatu (IATA: CCV, ICAO: NVSF).	Craig Cove Airport	Vanuatu
country	Skull Creek is a common name for a number of creeks and waterways in Australia.	Skull Creek	Australia
country	Tylewice (tɨlɛˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Tillendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wschowa, within Wschowa County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Tylewice	Poland
country	Kangerluarsunnguaq Bay (Danish: Ulkebugten) is a bay of Davis Strait in the Qeqqata municipality on the western coast of Greenland.	Kangerluarsunnguaq Bay	Greenland
country	Pain Sang Rizeh (Persian: پايين سنگريزه‎, also Romanized as Pā’īn Sang Rīzeh) is a village in Esfivard-e Shurab Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pain Sang Rizeh	Iran
country	The 32nd Chess Olympiad, organized by FIDE and comprising an open and a women's tournament, took place between September 15 and October 2, 1996, in Yerevan, Armenia.	32nd Chess Olympiad	Armenia
country	Bjørnskinn is a former municipality in the municipality of Andøy in Nordland county, Norway.	Bjørnskinn	Norway
country	Årstabroarna (English: The Årsta bridges) are two parallel railway viaducts in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Årstabroarna	Sweden
country	Zahrani River (نهر زهراني) is a river in Southern Lebanon.	Zahrani River	Lebanon
country	Dobrošte (Macedonian: Доброште, Albanian: Dobroshtë) is a village situated in the northeastern side of Tetovo, Macedonia, within the 15-km of road along the Tetovo - Globocica highway.	Dobrošte	Macedonia
country	Alegría-Dulantzi (Spanish: Alegría, Basque: Dulantzi) is a town and municipality located in the province of Álava, in the Basque Country, northern Spain.	Alegría-Dulantzi	Spain
country	Gramsh (definite Albanian form: Gramshi) is a town and a municipality in Elbasan County, central Albania.	Gramsh	Albania
country	Yeşilköy Feneri is a historical lighthouse still in use located on the northern coast of Sea of Marmara at Yeşilköy neighborhood in Istanbul's Bakırköy district, Turkey.	Yeşilköy Feneri	Turkey
country	Villa Gobernador Gálvez is a city in the province of Santa Fe, Argentina, located on the western ravine of the Paraná River, within the metropolitan area of Greater Rosario.	Villa Gobernador Gálvez	Argentina
country	Pakmahar is a village in Jhalakati District in the Barisal Division of southwestern Bangladesh.	Pakmahar	Bangladesh
country	Kwangju Foreign School is an international school in the city of Gwangju, South Korea.	Kwangju Foreign School	South Korea
country	Kalomo is a town in southern Zambia, lying north east of Livingstone, on the main road and railway line to Lusaka.	Kalomo	Zambia
country	Hanöbukten, the Bight of Hanö is a sandy bay, stretching from Listerlandet in the north to Stenshuvud in the south, on the east coast of Skåne, South Sweden.	Hanöbukten	Sweden
country	The Spiegelau Forest Railway (German: Spiegelauer Waldbahn) was a 600 mm (1 ft 11 5⁄8 in) narrow gauge forest railway built for the transportation of logs from the woods around Spiegelau in the Bavarian Forest in southern Germany.	Spiegelau Forest Railway	Germany
country	H.A.S. Hanandjoeddin Airport or Buluh Tumbang Airport (IATA: TJQ, ICAO: WIOD, formerly WIKD) is an airport in Tanjung Pandan, Bangka-Belitung, Indonesia.	H.A.S. Hanandjoeddin Airport	Indonesia
country	Stary Lubiel (ˈstarɨ ˈlubjɛl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rząśnik, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stary Lubiel	Poland
country	Waćmierek (vat͡ɕˈmjɛrɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczew, within Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Waćmierek	Poland
country	Dam Dim falls under Malbazar subdivision in Jalpaiguri district, West Bengal, India.	Dam Dim	India
country	Výprachtice (German: Weipersdorf) is a village and municipality (obec) in the Ústí nad Orlicí District, Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.	Výprachtice	Czech Republic
country	Rowghan Garan (Persian: روغن گران‎, also Romanized as Rowghan Garān) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Rowghan Garan	Iran
country	Yakınca (formerly Kileyik) is a town in Yeşilyurt district of Malatya Province, Turkey.	Yakınca	Turkey
country	Nevado de Chañi is a mountain in the Andes of the Jujuy Province in Argentina.	Nevado de Chañi	Argentina
country	Beirut Arab University (BAU) (Arabic: جـامعة بيروت العربية‎) is a Lebanese private university located in Beirut, Lebanon.	Beirut Arab University	Lebanon
country	Bher Ahir is a village situated in the Gujar Khan Tehsil of Rawalpindi District, of Punjab, Pakistan.	Bher Ahir	Pakistan
country	Rahdar Rural District (Persian: دهستان راهدار‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Rahdar Rural District	Iran
country	Straža pri Krškem (pronounced (ˈstɾaːʒa pɾi ˈkəɾʃkɛm); German: Straža bei Sankt Lorenz) is a small village in the hills above the left bank of the Sava River northwest of the town of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Straža pri Krškem	Slovenia
country	Czarlona (t͡ʂarˈlɔna) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Korycin, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Czarlona	Poland
country	Narthaki (Greek: Ναρθάκι) is a village and a former municipality in the Larissa regiona unit, Thessaly, Greece.	Narthaki	Greece
country	London Health Sciences Centre is one of Canada's largest acute-care teaching hospitals and a major trauma centre in London, Ontario.	London Health Sciences Centre	Canada
country	Bni Chiker or Aït Chichar (local Berber name: Ayt Ciker, ⴰⵢⵜ ⵛⵉⴽⴻⵔ) is a town in Nador Province, Oriental, Morocco.	Bni Chiker	Morocco
country	Ertis (Kazakh: Ертіс) is a selo in northern Kazakhstan.	Ertis	Kazakhstan
country	Abu Feli (Persian: ابوفيلي‎, also Romanized as Abū Felī) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramshir County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Abu Feli	Iran
country	The Canarian Coalition (Spanish: Coalición Canaria, CC) is a regionalist, Canarian nationalist, and conservative political party in Spain operating in the Canary Islands.	Canarian Coalition	Spain
country	The Royal College Curepipe (commonly known as RCC), located in the centre of the town of Curepipe, Mauritius, is a state boys-only secondary school.	Royal College Curepipe	Mauritius
country	The Sierra de Huétor and la Alfaguara Natural Park (Spanish: Parque Natural de la Sierra de Huétor y la Alfaguara) is a natural park in Andalusia, Spain.	Sierra de Huétor and la Alfaguara Natural Park	Spain
country	Juwangsan National Park (Korean: 주왕산국립공원, 周王山國立公園) is located in North Gyeongsang province, South Korea, and is part of the Taebaek mountain range.	Juwangsan National Park	South Korea
country	Brauweiler Abbey (German: Abtei Brauweiler) is a former Benedictine monastery located at Brauweiler, now in Pulheim near Cologne, North Rhine-Westphalia, in Germany.	Brauweiler Abbey	Germany
country	Kenjgewin Teg Educational Institute (KTEI) is an Aboriginal-owned and controlled post-secondary institution at M'Chigeeng First Nation, on Mnidoo Mnising Manitoulin Island, Ontario, Canada.	Kenjgewin Teg Educational Institute	Canada
country	Lierbyen is the administrative center of Lier municipality in Buskerud county, Norway.	Lierbyen	Norway
country	Mladenovo (Serbian Cyrillic: Младеново) is a village located in the Bačka Palanka municipality, in the South Bačka District of Serbia.	Mladenovo	Serbia
country	The Katun River (Russian: Катунь, Altay: Кадын) is a river in the Altai Republic and the Altai Krai of Russia.	Katun River	Russia
country	Buzovna (also, Busovny, Busowny, Buzouvna, and Buzovny) is a settlement and municipality in Baku, Azerbaijan.	Buzovna	Azerbaijan
country	Gandia (Valencian pronunciation: (ɡanˈdi.a), locally: (ɡɐnˈdɪ.ɐ); Spanish: Gandía (ɡanˈdi.a)) is a city and municipality in the Valencian Community, Eastern Spain on the Mediterranean.	Gandia	Spain
country	Cowichan River Provincial Park is a provincial park on Vancouver Island in British Columbia, Canada.	Cowichan River Provincial Park	Canada
country	Gutki (ˈɡutki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczuczyn, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Gutki	Poland
country	Galdogob (Somali: Galdogob, Arabic: جلدغب‎), also spelled Goldogob, is a town located in the north-central Mudug province of Somalia.	Galdogob	Somalia
country	Noše (pronounced (ˈnoːʃɛ)) is a small settlement near Brezje in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Noše	Slovenia
country	House at the Two Golden Bears (Czech: Dům U Dvou zlatých medvědů) is a historic house in the Old Town area of Prague, Czech Republic.	House at the Two Golden Bears	Czech Republic
country	Turenki is a densely populated community in Janakkala, Finland.	Turenki	Finland
country	Al-Qurayya (Arabic: القريا‎; also spelled al-Qrayya or Kureiyeh) is a town in southern Syria, administratively part of the al-Suwayda Governorate, located south of al-Suwayda.	Al-Qurayya	Syria
country	Varge Mondar is a small village located in Sintra, Portugal, which is well known for its unique architecture.	Varge Mondar	Portugal
country	Valdivia (Spanish pronunciation: (balˈd̪iβja)) is a city and commune in southern Chile, administered by the Municipality of Valdivia.	Valdivia	Chile
country	Bebrene Manor (Latvian: Bebrenes muiža, German: Rittergut Bewern) is a manor house in Bebrene, Ilūkste municipality, Latvia, in the historical region of Selonia.	Bebrene Manor	Latvia
country	City of Vicenza and the Palladian Villas of the Veneto is a World Heritage Site in Italy, which protects buildings by the architect Andrea Palladio.	City of Vicenza and the Palladian Villas of the Veneto	Italy
country	AS Oslo Sporveier is a defunct municipal owned company responsible for public transport in Oslo, Norway.	Oslo Sporveier	Norway
country	Kaédi (Arabic: كيهيدي‎) is the largest city and administrative center of the Gorgol region of Southern Mauritania.	Kaédi	Mauritania
country	Reiderland (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈrɛidərˌlɑnt) ( )) is a former municipality in the province Groningen in the northeastern Netherlands, which was founded in 1990 during a large municipal reorganization.	Reiderland	Netherlands
country	Blagoevgrad (Bulgarian: Благоевград) is а city in southwestern Bulgaria, the administrative centre of Blagoevgrad Municipality and of Blagoevgrad Province, with a population of 70,881 inhabitants (as of 2011).	Blagoevgrad	Bulgaria
country	Hajji Beyg (Persian: حاجي بيگ‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Beyg and Ḩājī Beyg; also known as Hāji Bāgh, Ḩājjī Bāgh, and Ḩājjī Beyk) is a village in Malmir Rural District, Sarband District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Hajji Beyg	Iran
country	The Belo Brdo mine is one of the largest lead and zinc mines in Kosovo and Serbia.	Belo Brdo mine	Kosovo
country	The Canton of Ailly-le-Haut-Clocher is a former canton situated in the department of the Somme and in the Picardie region of northern France.	Canton of Ailly-le-Haut-Clocher	France
country	Nepean Creek Park is a linear watershed park, in Ottawa, Canada.	Nepean Creek Park	Canada
country	Montréal (City of) v 2952-1366 Québec Inc, (2005) 3 S.C.R. 141, 2005 SCC 62 is a leading Supreme Court of Canada decision on freedom of expression under section 2(b) of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms.	Montréal (City of) v 2952-1366 Québec Inc	Canada
country	Kommeno (Greek: Κομμένο) is a village and a former community in the Arta regional unit, Epirus, Greece.	Kommeno	Greece
country	Eresos-Antissa (Greek: Ερεσός-Άντισσα) is a former municipality on the island of Lesbos, North Aegean, Greece.	Eresos-Antissa	Greece
country	The Palace of Charles V is a Renaissance building in Granada, southern Spain, located on the top of the hill of the Assabica, inside the Nasrid fortification of the Alhambra.	Palace of Charles V	Spain
country	Godrej BKC (Bandra-Kurla Complex) is a project by Godrej Properties Limited developed in partership with Jet Airways located in Mumbai, India.	Godrej BKC	India
country	Wizard Reef (French: Récif Wizard) is a coral reef in the Farquhar Group in the Outer Islands of the Seychelles.	Wizard Reef	Seychelles
country	Chiruk (Persian: چيروك‎, also Romanized as Chīrūk; also known as Chīrūk-e Bālā) is a village in Deyhuk Rural District, Deyhuk District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chiruk	Iran
country	Qinnasrin (Arabic: قنسرين‎; Syriac: ܩܢܫܪܝܢ‎, Qinnašrīn), also known by numerous other romanizations and originally known as Chalcis-on-Belus (Latin: Chalcis ad Belum; Greek: Χαλκὶς, Khalkìs), was a historical town in northern Syria.	Qinnasrin	Syria
country	The Sajikdan is a Korean Neo-Confucian altar located in Seoul, South Korea used to perform the national soil and grain ceremonies during the Joseon Dynasty.	Sajikdan	South Korea
country	The Kingston Royal Naval Dockyard was a Royal Navy Dockyard from 1788 to 1853 in Kingston, Ontario, Canada, at the site of the current Royal Military College of Canada.	Kingston Royal Naval Dockyard	Canada
country	Gaston Berger University (GBU), or L'Université Gaston Berger (UGB), located some 12 km (7.5 mi) outside Saint-Louis, was the second university established in Senegal (the first being Cheikh Anta Diop University).	Gaston Berger University	Senegal
country	Lefkogeia (Greek: Λευκόγεια) is a village in the municipal unit of Foinikas, Rethymno regional unit, Crete, Greece.	Lefkogeia	Greece
country	Serovo (Russian: Серо́во; Finnish: Vammelsuu) is a municipal settlement in Kurortny District of the federal city of St. Petersburg, Russia, located on the Karelian Isthmus, on the northern shore of the Gulf of Finland, where the Roshchinka River empties into the gulf.	Serovo	Russia
country	Torre del Mar is a locality on the southern coast of Spain, part of the municipality of Vélez-Málaga, Axarquía, located in the province of Málaga.	Torre del Mar	Spain
country	Rohel (West Frisian: Reahel) is a village in De Friese Meren in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Rohel	Netherlands
country	Zanaga is a city and capital of Zanaga District in the Lékoumou Region of northeastern Republic of the Congo.	Zanaga	Republic of the Congo
country	King Mongkut's University of Technology Thonburi (KMUTT, มหาวิทยาลัยเทคโนโลยีพระจอมเกล้าธนบุรี) is a leading technology academy in Thailand, focusing on teaching and researching in engineering and technology as well as serving industry.	King Mongkut's University of Technology Thonburi	Thailand
country	Sadınlar (also, Sadynlar) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Sadınlar	Azerbaijan
country	Beihai (postal: Pakhoi; Chinese: 北海) is a prefecture-level city in the south of Guangxi, People's Republic of China.	Beihai	People's Republic of China
country	Cloughoughter Castle is a ruined circular castle, situated on a small island in Lough Oughter, 4 kilometres east of the town of Killeshandra in County Cavan, Ireland.	Cloughoughter Castle	Ireland
country	The Galenki RT-70 radio telescope is an RT-70 telescope at the East Center for Deep Space Communications, Galenki (Ussuriysk), Russia.	Galenki RT-70 radio telescope	Russia
country	Stepnica (stɛpˈnit͡sa) (German: Bad Stepenitz) is a town in Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Stepnica	Poland
country	The Catacomb of Priscilla on the Via Salaria in Rome, Italy, is situated in what was a quarry in Roman times.	Catacomb of Priscilla	Italy
country	Bamba Dhura is a Himalayan mountain peak situated in the Pithoragarh district of Uttarakhand, India.	Bamba Dhura	India
country	Sultan Ibrahim Mosque is the district mosque of Kuala Selangor, Selangor, Malaysia.	Sultan Ibrahim Mosque	Malaysia
country	The Battle of Parabiago was fought in February 1339 near Parabiago, in Lombardy, northern Italy, between the Milanese army and the St. George's (San Giorgio) Mercenaries of Lodrisio Visconti.	Battle of Parabiago	Italy
country	Sorrento Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Sorrento, Cattedrale dei Santi Filippo e Giacomo) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Sorrento in the south of Italy, dedicated to Saints Philip and James.	Sorrento Cathedral	Italy
country	Agdzhakishlag or Aghjaghshlagh is a town in the Yerevan Province of Armenia.	Agdzhakishlag	Armenia
country	Wińsko (ˈviɲskɔ) (German: Winzig) is a village in Wołów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wińsko	Poland
country	Košická Nová Ves (Hungarian: Kassa-Ujfalu) is a city ward of Košice, Slovakia.	Košická Nová Ves	Slovakia
country	Shri Durga Devi temple, Guhagar (देवनागरी: श्री दुर्गादेवी, गुहागर) is an ancient temple located at Guhagar, a taluka place in Ratnagiri district of Maharashtra state in India.	Durga Devi temple, Guhagar	India
country	St Michael's Parish School (aka St Michael's Primary School) is a Catholic co-ed primary school located in Ashburton, Victoria Australia.	St Michael's Parish School	Australia
country	Soyosan Station is a ground-level metro station on Line 1 of the Seoul Subway in Sangbongam Dong, Dongducheon, South Korea.	Soyosan Station	South Korea
country	Rottumeroog (Dutch pronunciation: (ˌrɔtʏmərˈoːx)) is an uninhabited island in the Wadden Sea and is part of the Netherlands.	Rottumeroog	Netherlands
country	Selwanówka (sɛlvaˈnufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozienice, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Selwanówka	Poland
country	Gigen (Bulgarian: Гиген, pronounced (ɡiˈɡɛn)) is a village in northern Bulgaria, part of Gulyantsi Municipality, Pleven Province.	Gigen	Bulgaria
country	The 500 seat Imperial Room is a major events venue at the Royal York Hotel in Toronto, Canada.	Imperial Room	Canada
country	Kusiji (Persian: كوسيجي‎, also Romanized as Kūsījī) is a village in Birk Rural District, in the Central District of Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kusiji	Iran
country	The Orlík Dam (Czech: Vodní nádrž Orlík) is the largest hydroelectric dam in the Czech Republic.	Orlík Dam	Czech Republic
country	The Scuola del Teatro Stabile di Torino, located in Turin, Italy, is a Performing Arts Academy which was founded in 1955 by Italian director Luca Ronconi.	Scuola del Teatro Stabile di Torino	Italy
country	KSZO Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski (Polish pronunciation: (ˈkʂɔ ɔsˈtrɔvʲɛt͡s ɕfʲɛntɔˈkʂɨskʲi)) is a Polish football club based in Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski, Poland.	KSZO Ostrowiec Świętokrzyski	Poland
country	El Camp d'en Grassot i Gràcia Nova (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈkam dəŋ ɡɾəˈsɔt i ˈɣɾasiə ˈnɔβə)) is a borough in the city of Barcelona in Catalonia in Spain.	Camp d'en Grassot i Gràcia Nova	Spain
country	Valsta is a suburban area in the vicinity of Märsta, north of Stockholm, Sweden.	Valsta	Sweden
country	Ovar (Portuguese pronunciation: (ɔˈvaɾ) or (oˈvaɾ)) is a city and a municipality in Aveiro District, Baixo Vouga Subregion in Portugal.	Ovar	Portugal
country	Bażyny (baˈʐɨnɨ) (German: Basien, Baysen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orneta, within Lidzbark County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bażyny	Poland
country	Cahul (Romanian pronunciation: (kaˈhul); also known by other alternative names) is a city in southern Moldova.	Cahul	Moldova
country	Gmina Nisko is an urban-rural gmina (administrative district) in Nisko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Gmina Nisko	Poland
country	Subhash vihar is a residential area of the Northeast Delhi district of Delhi, India, near Bhajanpura and Yamuna vihar.	Subhash vihar	India
country	Sittersdorf (Slovene: Žitara vas) is a town in the district of Völkermarkt in Carinthia in south-central Austria.	Sittersdorf	Austria
country	H. Hasan Aroeboesman Airport (IATA: ENE, ICAO: WATE), also known as Ende Airport or Isi Airport, is an airport in Ende, Flores, East Nusa Tenggara, Indonesia.	H. Hasan Aroeboesman Airport	Indonesia
country	Salten District Court (Norwegian: Salten tingrett) is a district court for the region of Salten in Nordland, Norway.	Salten District Court	Norway
country	Trial Bay is a broad bay on the Mid North Coast of New South Wales, Australia.	Trial Bay	Australia
country	Thiruvankulam is a suburb of the city of Kochi, in the state of Kerala, India.	Thiruvankulam	India
country	Ch'uch'u (Aymara for cold, cold liquid, also spelled Chuchu) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia, about 5,100 metres (16,732 ft) high.	Ch'uch'u	Bolivia
country	Oskrt (pronounced (ɔˈskəɾt)) is a small settlement west of Vrh pri Fari in the hills above the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Kostel in southern Slovenia.	Oskrt	Slovenia
country	Batangafo is a town located in the Central African Republic prefecture of Ouham at the confluence of Ouham River and its affluent Fafa.	Batangafo	Central African Republic
country	Sabana de la Mar, usually spelt in English as Savana de la Mar, is a town in the Hato Mayor province of the Dominican Republic.	Sabana de la Mar	Dominican Republic
country	Cerro Chirripó is the highest mountain in Costa Rica, with an elevation of 3,820 metres (12,533 ft).	Cerro Chirripó	Costa Rica
country	Qantumayu (Quechua qantu, qantus, qantuta a plant (Cantua buxifolia), mayu river, hispanicized spelling Cantumayo) is a river in Peru located in the Arequipa Region, Caylloma Province, Coporaque District.	Qantumayu	Peru
country	Union Sportive Médina Chéraga, known as USM Chéraga for short, is an Algerian football club located in Chéraga, Algeria.	USM Chéraga	Algeria
country	Strand Fiord Pass (79°16′07``N 88°45′00''W) is a mountain pass on southern Axel Heiberg Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Strand Fiord Pass	Canada
country	Boričevac (Serbian Cyrillic: Боричевац) or Borićevac is a village in Croatia.	Boričevac	Croatia
country	Rypałki Prywatne (rɨˈpau̯ki prɨˈvatnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Rypałki Prywatne	Poland
country	Nieświń (ˈɲeɕfiɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskie, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Nieświń	Poland
country	Upper Svir Hydroelectric Station (Russian: Верхнесвирская ГЭС) is a hydroelectric station on the Svir River located in the town of Podporozhye, Leningrad Oblast, in northwestern Russia.	Upper Svir Hydroelectric Station	Russia
country	De Valkenier (English: The falconer) is an amusement park in the municipality of Valkenburg aan de Geul, in the province of Limburg, Netherlands.	De Valkenier	Netherlands
country	Oneglia (Inéja in Ligurian) was a town in northern Italy on the Ligurian coast that was joined to Porto Maurizio to form the Comune of Imperia in 1923.	Oneglia	Italy
country	Karimganj became a subdivision of Sylhet District of British India in late nineteenth century.	Karimganj	India
country	Kalateh-ye Jovin (Persian: كلاته جوين‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Jovīn) is a village in Miankuh Rural District, Chapeshlu District, Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Jovin	Iran
country	The state's main institution of learning, Universiti Malaysia Sabah, is located in a coastal part of Manggatal sub-district.	Manggatal	Malaysia
country	Mehran Rural District (Persian: دهستان مهران‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Mehran Rural District	Iran
country	Naviti (pronounced (naˈβitʃi)) is a volcanic island in the Yasawa Group, in the Western Division of Fiji.	Naviti	Fiji
country	Qaravolkhaneh (Persian: قراولخانه‎, also Romanized as Qarāvolkhāneh and Qarāvol Khāneh) is a village in Chaman Rural District, Takht-e Soleyman District, Takab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qaravolkhaneh	Iran
country	Talaf Gir (Persian: تلفگير‎, also Romanized as Talaf Gīr; also known as Talaf Gard and Talaf Gerd) is a village in Shalil Rural District, Miankuh District, Ardal County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Talaf Gir	Iran
country	The Catacomb of San Pancrazio (also called of Ottavilla) is a catacomb of Rome (Italy), located in the Via Aurelia, within the modern Quartiere Gianicolense.	Catacomb of San Pancrazio	Italy
country	Vilakkupara (Malayalam-വിളക്കുപാറ) is a village in Kollam District, Kerala State, India.	Vilakkupara	India
country	Union Makes the Nation (French: L'Union fait la Nation, abbreviated UN or the Union) is an alliance of opposition political parties in Benin.	Union Makes the Nation	Benin
country	Mokrous (Russian: Мокроус) is an urban locality (a work settlement) and the administrative center of Fyodorovsky District of Saratov Oblast, Russia.	Mokrous	Russia
country	Ostrowieczko (ɔstrɔˈvjɛt͡ʂkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dolsk, within Śrem County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Ostrowieczko	Poland
country	Prats-du-Périgord is a commune in the Dordogne department in Aquitaine in southwest France.	Prats-du-Périgord	France
country	The Castle of Buitrago del Lozoya (Spanish: Castillo de Buitrago del Lozoya) is a castle located inside the walls of Buitrago del Lozoya, Community of Madrid region, Spain.	Castle of Buitrago del Lozoya	Spain
country	Repnik (Serbian: Репник) is a village in the municipality of Banovići, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Repnik	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Ettingen (Swiss German: Ettige) is a municipality in the district of Arlesheim in the canton of Basel-Country in Switzerland.	Ettingen	Switzerland
country	Redeemer Baptist Church is a Baptist Christian church formed in 1974 when around 30 families broke away from Castle Hill Baptist Church in Sydney, Australia, to form their own church.	Redeemer Baptist Church	Australia
country	The Millennium Park Bus Depot is a major bus station located in Delhi, India.	Millennium Park Bus Depot	India
country	Clinical Hospital Dubrava (Croatian: Klinička bolnica Dubrava) is a public teaching hospital in Zagreb, Croatia.	Clinical Hospital Dubrava	Croatia
country	The Oyodogawa Dams (Japanese: 大淀川第一ダム) are two dams as part of a hydroelectric power station in Miyazaki Prefecture, Japan.	Oyodogawa Dam	Japan
country	Kivach Falls (Russian: Кивач, from Karelian kiivas, ``impetuous'') is a 10.7-m-high cascade waterfall in Russia.	Kivach Falls	Russia
country	German submarine U-2324 was a highly advanced submarine built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine in World War II. U-2324 was one of the last commissioned boats to undertake an operational patrol, and one of just three of her class to undergo two.	German submarine U-2324	Germany
country	Export of ``Australia Pure'', a bottled water from Cardinia Reservoir, commenced in 1993 to several European countries and the United States of America.	Cardinia Reservoir	Australia
country	Mount Raukumara is the northernmost major peak in the Raukumara Range in the northeast of New Zealand's North Island.	Mount Raukumara	New Zealand
country	Tàrbena (Valencian pronunciation: (ˈtaɾβena), Spanish: Tárbena) is a municipality in the comarca of Marina Baixa, Alicante, Valencia, Spain.	Tàrbena	Spain
country	Centar Župa (Macedonian: Центар Жупа ; Turkish: Merkez Jupa) is a village in the Republic of Macedonia, inhabited chiefly by Turks.	Centar Župa	Macedonia
country	Enqelab Street is a major trunk route in Tehran, Iran connecting Enqelab square to Imam Hossein Square.	Enqelab Street	Iran
country	Chisht, also written Chisht-e Sharif, Chesht-i Sharif or Chesht is a town near Herat in Afghanistan.	Chisht	Afghanistan
country	The Peneda-Gerês National Park (Portuguese: Parque Nacional da Peneda-Gerês), also known simply as Gerês, is the only national park in Portugal (although many natural parks, protected landscapes, and reserves exist across the nation).	Peneda-Gerês National Park	Portugal
country	Babol University of Medical Sciences (BUMS) (Persian: دانشگاه غلوم پزشکی بابل‎), is a medical sciences university in the city of Babol, Mazandaran province, Iran.	Babol University of Medical Sciences	Iran
country	The Pezzata Rossa d'Oropa is a cattle breed from the provinces of Vercelli and Biella in the Piedmont region of Italy.	Pezzata Rossa d'Oropa	Italy
country	Dārziņi is part of Riga, the capital of Latvia.	Dārziņi	Latvia
country	Paris-Sorbonne University (also known as Paris IV; French: Université Paris-Sorbonne, Paris IV), is a public research university in Paris, France.	Paris-Sorbonne University	France
country	The Socialist Union of Popular Forces, USFP, (Arabic: الاتحاد الاشتراكي للقوات الشعبية Al-Ittihad Al-Ishtirakiy Lilqawat Al-Sha'abiyah, French: Union Socialiste des Forces Populaires) is a social-democratic political party in Morocco.	Socialist Union of Popular Forces	Morocco
country	Les Grandes-Ventes is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Haute-Normandie region in northern France.	Les Grandes-Ventes	France
country	The Borgo Sant'Antonio Abate (said Bùvero in Neapolitan) is a neighborhood in Naples, Italy.	Borgo Sant'Antonio Abate	Italy
country	Narimadakkel is a place in Wandoor, Malappuram, Kerala, India.	Narimadakkel	India
country	The Vis-en-Artois Memorial is a World War I memorial located near the commune of Vis-en-Artois, in the Pas-de-Calais département of France.	Vis-en-Artois Memorial	France
country	Juanicó is a small industrial town located 35 km north of Montevideo, within the Canelones Department, Uruguay.	Juanicó	Uruguay
country	Castiglione delle Stiviere is a town and comune in the province of Mantua, in Lombardy, Italy, 30 kilometres (19 miles) northwest of Mantua by road.	Castiglione delle Stiviere	Italy
country	Trpinje (Cyrillic: Трпиње) is a village in the municipality of Čajniče, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Trpinje	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Sikh Village earlier known as Sikhul thota is a small suburb in Secunderabad, India.	Sikh Village	India
country	Dushintsi (Bulgarian: Душинци) is a village in western Bulgaria.	Dushintsi	Bulgaria
country	Gwangju National University of Education (also Kwangju National University of Education 광주교육대학교) is a national university located in Buk-gu, Gwangju, South Korea.	Gwangju National University of Education	South Korea
country	Masseube (Masseuva in Gascon) is a commune in the Gers department in the Midi-Pyrénées region in southwestern France.	Masseube	France
country	Firebase Maureen (also known as Hill 980) is a former U.S. Army firebase in the A Sầu Valley southwest of Huế in central Vietnam.	Firebase Maureen	Vietnam
country	Uppland Runic Inscription 993 or U 993 is the Rundata catalog number for a Viking Age memorial runestone located in Brunnby, which is one kilometer west of Gunsta, Uppsala County, Sweden, which was part of the historical province of Uppland.	Uppland Runic Inscription 993	Sweden
country	Melouseia (Greek: Μελούσεια; Turkish: Kırıkkale) is a village in the Larnaca District of Cyprus, about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) east of Athienou.	Melouseia	Cyprus
country	Psyri or Psiri or Psyrri or Psirri (Greek: Ψυρή or Ψυρρή, pronounced (psiˈri)) is a gentrified neighbourhood in Athens, Greece, today known for its restaurants, bars, live music tavernas, and small number of hotels.	Psyri	Greece
country	Village Green Centre is a 364,474 square leasable foot shopping mall located in Vernon, British Columbia, Canada, in the Okanagan Valley.	Village Green Centre	Canada
country	Újszilvás is a village and commune in the county of Pest in Hungary.	Újszilvás	Hungary
country	The Eldon Range is a mountain range located in the west coast region of Tasmania, Australia.	Eldon Range	Australia
country	La Vall d'Uixó (Valencian pronunciation: (la ˈvaʎ dujˈʃo), also known as Vall-llarga, Vall del Duc or simply as La Vall; Spanish: Vall de Uxó) is a town situated in eastern Spain, in the Valencian province of Castelló.	La Vall d'Uixó	Spain
country	The Ossola (ˈɔssola) (also Valle Ossola or Val d’Ossola) is an area of Italy situated to the north of Lago Maggiore.	Ossola	Italy
country	Lake Assad (Arabic: بحيرة الأسد‎, Buhayrat al-Assad) is a reservoir on the Euphrates in Ar-Raqqah Governorate, Syria.	Lake Assad	Syria
country	The Action libérale nationale (ALN, in English: National Liberal Action) was a short-lived provincial political party in Quebec, Canada.	Action libérale nationale	Canada
country	The Autovía A-67 is a highway in north west Spain.	Autovía A-67	Spain
country	Hólar (Hólar í Hjaltadal) is a small community located in the Skagafjörður district and situated in northern Iceland.	Hólar	Iceland
country	Ponta Delgada (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈpõtɐ ˌðɛɫˈɣaðɐ)) is the largest municipality and administrative capital of the Autonomous Region of the Azores in Portugal.	Ponta Delgada	Portugal
country	Różynka (ruˈʐɨnka) (German Rosengarth) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świątki, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Różynka	Poland
country	Puerto Morazán (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈpweɾto moɾaˈsan)) is a municipality in the Chinandega department of Nicaragua.	Puerto Morazán	Nicaragua
country	Katarapko Wood Camp was a World War II prisoner of war camp, located on Katarapko Island, on the River Murray near Loxton, in South Australia's Riverland.	Katarapko Wood Camp	Australia
country	Buverchy is an unincorporated city in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France.	Buverchy	France
country	Forest-South railway station (French: Gare de Forest-Midi, Dutch: Station Voorst-Zuid) is a railway station in the municipality of Forest in Brussels, Belgium.	Forest-South railway station	Belgium
country	Aviel (Hebrew: אֲבִיאֵל) is a small and pastoral moshav in northern Israel.	Aviel	Israel
country	Chascomús is the principal city in Chascomús Partido in eastern Buenos Aires Province of Argentina, located 123 km (76 mi) south of the capital Buenos Aires.	Chascomús	Argentina
country	Kiraste is a village in Tõstamaa Parish, Pärnu County, in southwestern Estonia.	Kiraste	Estonia
country	Mazraehabad (Persian: مزرعه اباد‎, also Romanized as Mazra``ehābād) is a village in Khomeh Rural District, in the Central District of Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraehabad	Iran
country	The Per Brahe Secondary School (Swedish: Per Brahegymnasiet) is a secondary school in Jönköping, Sweden with traditions back to the 17th century.	Per Brahe Secondary School	Sweden
country	Likhoslavl (Russian: Лихосла́вль) is a town and the administrative center of Likhoslavlsky District in Tver Oblast, Russia, located on the Moscow--	Likhoslavl	Russia
country	Upplands Lokaltrafik (UL) is the primary operator of public transport buses and trains at the county level (Swedish: länstrafik) in Uppsala County, Sweden.	Upplands Lokaltrafik	Sweden
country	Beli Potok pri Frankolovem (pronounced (ˈbeːli ˈpɔːtɔk pɾi fɾaŋˈkoːlɔʋɛm)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia.	Beli Potok pri Frankolovem	Slovenia
country	The Stratford Power Station is a 575 MW power station located east of Stratford, Taranaki, New Zealand.	Stratford Power Station	New Zealand
country	Wesley College, Colombo, popularly known as ``Wesley'' or ``WCC'' is a private school providing primary and secondary education in Sri Lanka.	Wesley College, Colombo	Sri Lanka
country	Viersen is the capital of the district of Viersen, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Viersen	Germany
country	Taivassalo (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈtɑiʋɑˌsːɑlo); Swedish: Tövsala) is a municipality of Finland.	Taivassalo	Finland
country	Dərəcənnət (also, Dərəcənnətli) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Dərəcənnət	Azerbaijan
country	Mojanda is an inactive stratovolcano of the Eastern Cordillera of the Andes in northern Ecuador.	Mojanda	Ecuador
country	Antalya Büyükşehir Belediyesi Spor Kulübü (English: Antalya Greater Metropolitan Municipality Sports Club) also known simply as Antalya BB is a basketball team based in the city of Antalya in Turkey that plays in the Turkish Basketball League.	Antalya Büyükşehir Belediyesi	Turkey
country	Glažnja (Macedonian: Глажња) is a village in northeastern Republic of Macedonia, in the municipality of Lipkovo.	Glažnja	Macedonia
country	Chulabhorn Research Institute is a biomedical and chemistry research institute in Bangkok, Thailand.	Chulabhorn Research Institute	Thailand
country	Wola Zbrożkowa (ˈvɔla zbrɔʂˈkɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowno, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Zbrożkowa	Poland
country	Figueira da Foz (Portuguese pronunciation: (fiˈɣɐjɾɐ ðɐ ˈfɔʃ)), also known as Figueira for short, is a city and a municipality in the Coimbra District, in Portugal.	Figueira da Foz	Portugal
country	Fada N'gourma, also written Fada-Ngourma, or Noungu is a city and an important market town in eastern Burkina Faso, lying 219 kilometres (136 mi) east of Ouagadougou, in the Gourmantché area.	Fada N'gourma	Burkina Faso
country	Siekierki Power Station (Polish: 'Elektrociepłownia Siekierki') is a combined heat and power plant at Augustówka in Warsaw, Poland.	Siekierki Power Station	Poland
country	The Valea Nisipului River is a tributary of the Şcheiu River in the city of Braşov, Romania.	Valea Nisipului River	Romania
country	The basilica of San Vincenzo in Prato is a church in Milan, northern Italy.	San Vincenzo in Prato	Italy
country	Mumali Qeshlaq (Persian: موملي قشلاق‎, also Romanized as Mūmalī Qeshlāq; also known as Mūmalī) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District, Kuhin District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Mumali Qeshlaq	Iran
country	Brumetz is a commune in the department of Aisne in Picardy in northern France.	Brumetz	France
country	São Lourenço da Serra (Portuguese for ``Saint Lawrence of the mountain'') is a suburban municipality in the southeastern part of the state of São Paulo in Brazil.	São Lourenço da Serra	Brazil
country	Arlau (Danish: Arlå) is a river of Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Arlau	Germany
country	The Zeeland Library (Zeeuwse Bibliotheek), located at Kousteensedijk 7, Middelburg in the Netherlands, is the official library of the province of Zeeland and is also the official academic library of the Roosevelt Academy.	Zeeland Library	Netherlands
country	Lyubertsy (Russian: Люберцы; IPA: (ˈlʲʉbʲɪrtsɨ)) is a city and the administrative center of Lyuberetsky District in Moscow Oblast, Russia.	Lyubertsy	Russia
country	Jumbo Shopping Centre (Finnish: Kauppakeskus Jumbo), commonly referred to as simply Jumbo, is a shopping center in Vantaa, Finland.	Jumbo Shopping Centre	Finland
country	Helsingør Municipality (a variant English name: Elsinore Municipality; Danish: Helsingør Kommune), is a municipality in the Capital Region on the northeast coast of the island of Zealand (Sjælland) in eastern Denmark.	Helsingør Municipality	Denmark
country	Špania Dolina is a village and municipality in central Slovakia, near the city of Banská Bystrica.	Špania Dolina	Slovakia
country	Praia dos Açores is a beach-side district on the south side of the Island of Santa Catarina in the state of Santa Catarina in Brazil.	Praia dos Açores	Brazil
country	The Technical University of Varna (Bulgarian: Технически университет -- Варна, often abbreviated as ТУ -- Варна, TU -- Varna) is a state university in Varna, Bulgaria, founded in 1962.	Technical University of Varna	Bulgaria
country	The Marianne et l'Europe series or Marianne of Beaujard series was a definitive postage stamp series, issued on 1 July 2008 in Metropolitan France and the four overseas departments.	Marianne et l'Europe series	France
country	The residents of the City of Carlisle are represented in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom by Members of Parliament (MPs) for two parliamentary constituencies.	City of Carlisle	United Kingdom
country	Bilbao British Cemetery is located in Sondika, in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of the Basque Country, northern Spain.	Bilbao British Cemetery	Spain
country	Liuying Station (Chinese: 柳營車站; pinyin: Liǔyíng Chēzhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) Western Line located in Liuying District, Tainan, Taiwan.	Liuying Station	Taiwan
country	Cheshmeh-ye Abek (Persian: چشمه ابك‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Ābek; also known as Cheshm Ābek) is a village in Taftan-e Jonubi Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh-ye Abek	Iran
country	Sharora (Persian: شراره‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Sharora	Tajikistan
country	Brookland Hall is a centre for community mental health services in Bristol, United Kingdom.	Brookland Hall	United Kingdom
country	Scheringa Museum of Realist Art is a museum in Spanbroek, North Holland, the Netherlands that houses around five hundred works of the 20th-century art mainly realist art and contemporary.	Scheringa Museum of Realist Art	Netherlands
country	Taor (Macedonian: Таор) is a village in the Republic of Macedonia.	Taor	Macedonia
country	Sebelas Maret University (Indonesian: Universitas Sebelas Maret) is an Indonesian public university in the suburban area of Surakarta, Central Java, Indonesia.	Sebelas Maret University	Indonesia
country	Dobrotino (before 1934: Dag chiflik) is a mountainous roadside village in Gotse Delchev Municipality, in Blagoevgrad Province, Bulgaria.	Dobrotino	Bulgaria
country	Schiermonnikoog ((ˌsxiːrmɔnəkˈoːx); West Frisian: Skiermûntseach) is an island, a municipality, and a national park in the northern Netherlands.	Schiermonnikoog	Netherlands
country	Gialia (Greek: Γιαλιά, Turkish: Yayla) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 11 km northeast of Polis Chrysochous.	Gialia	Cyprus
country	Tuyserkan (Persian: تويسركان‎, also Romanized as Tūyserkān, Tooyserkan, Tūīsarkān, and Tūysarkān) is a city in and capital of Tuyserkan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Tuyserkan	Iran
country	Cape Agulhas (/əˈɡʌləs/; Portuguese: Cabo das Agulhas (ˈkaβu ðɐz ɐˈɣuʎɐʃ), ``Cape of the Needles'') is a rocky headland in Western Cape, South Africa.	Cape Agulhas	South Africa
country	Siberian Federal University (Russian: Сибирский федеральный университет, Sibirskiĭ federalʹnyĭ universitet, often shortened to SibFU, СФУ) is a modern multidisciplinary university located in the eastern part of Russia, Krasnoyarsk, that combines fundamental and applied research and teaching.	Siberian Federal University	Russia
country	Deh Kohneh-ye Kamaraj (Persian: ده كهنه كمارج‎, also Romanized as Deh Kohneh-ye Kamāraj; also known as Deh Kohneh) is a village in Kamaraj Rural District, Kamaraj and Konartakhteh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Deh Kohneh-ye Kamaraj	Iran
country	The Canal de l'Est (French: ``canal of the east'') is a canal in northeastern France.	Canal de l'Est	France
country	Cybina is a river in Greater Poland, the right affluent of Warta.	Cybina	Poland
country	Ente Radio Trieste was the public service radio broadcaster of the Free Territory of Trieste.	Ente Radio Trieste	Free Territory of Trieste
country	Metzingen is a Swabian city with about 22,000 inhabitants, in the state of Baden-Württemberg in the southwest of Germany, 30 km (19 mi) south of Stuttgart.	Metzingen	Germany
country	Rukumkot Chaurjahari Airport (IATA: RUK, ICAO: VNCJ) is an airport serving Chaurjahari, a town in the Rukum district of the Rapti zone in Nepal.	Chaurjahari Airport	Nepal
country	Roybon (French pronunciation: ​(ʁwa.bɔ̃)) is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.	Roybon	France
country	Babaratma (also, Babaratly) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Babaratma	Azerbaijan
country	Dibër Street (Albanian: Rruga e Dibrës, formerly Rruga Bajram Curri) is a major street in Tirana, Albania.	Dibër Street	Albania
country	In 1860 Gubbio was incorporated into the Kingdom of Italy along with the rest of the Papal States.	Gubbio	Italy
country	The Ton Pariwat Wildlife Sanctuary (Thai: เขตรักษาพันธุ์สัตว์ป่าโตนปริวรรต) is located in the north of Mueang Phang Nga district, Phang Nga Province, southern Thailand.	Ton Pariwat Wildlife Sanctuary	Thailand
country	The Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada (SSHRC) is the federal research-funding agency that promotes and supports postsecondary-based research and training in the humanities and social sciences.	Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council	Canada
country	Alattuchira is in Ernakulam district, Kerala, India, ss situated 2 km east of Kodanad.	Alattuchira	India
country	Rethel (French pronunciation: ​(ʁə.tɛl)) is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France.	Rethel	France
country	Sihuas is a town in the Sihuas District of the Sihuas Province in the Ancash Region of Peru.	Sihuas	Peru
country	The Whau River is an estuarial arm of the southwestern Waitemata Harbour (rather than a river) within the Auckland metropolitan area in New Zealand.	Whau River	New Zealand
country	Kåkbrinken (Swedish: ``The (Ramshackle) House Slope'') is a street in Gamla stan, the old town of Stockholm, Sweden.	Kåkbrinken	Sweden
country	Ogroble (ɔˈɡrɔblɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzchlas, within Wieluń County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Ogroble	Poland
country	Trollheimen is a mountain range in Møre og Romsdal and Sør-Trøndelag counties in central Norway.	Trollheimen	Norway
country	Memollaj is a locality situated in the central plains of Albania's Western Lowlands region.	Memollaj	Albania
country	Sandbaai (or Sand Bay) is a town of approximately 4,000 people on the south coast of the Western Cape province in South Africa.	Sandbaai	South Africa
country	Podolševa (pronounced (pɔˈdoːu̯ʃɛʋa) or (pɔˈdoːlʃɛʋa); formerly Sveti Duh, German: Heiligengeist) is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Solčava in northern Slovenia.	Podolševa	Slovenia
country	Amjaz (Persian: امجز‎) is a village in Amjaz Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Amjaz	Iran
country	Toronto Premium Outlets is an outlet mall in Halton Hills, Ontario, Canada.	Toronto Premium Outlets	Canada
country	Głóski (ˈɡwuski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Skalmierzyce, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Głóski	Poland
country	Sataniv (Ukrainian: Сатанів) is an urban-type settlement in the Horodok Raion, Khmelnytskyi Oblast, Ukraine.	Sataniv	Ukraine
country	Qeru Chay (Persian: قرو چاي‎, also Romanized as Qerū Chāy; also known as Karreh Chīyeh, Kurreh Chīa, Qūrī Chā’ī, Qūrīchā’ī, and Qūrī Chāy) is a village in Quri Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Dehgolan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Qeru Chay	Iran
country	Osiedle Tysiąclecia (District of a 1000-year anniversary) is a district of Katowice and one of the largest districts in Poland.	Osiedle Tysiąclecia	Poland
country	Puduchatram block is a revenue block in the Namakkal district of Tamil Nadu, India.	Puduchatram block	India
country	Puu-Käpylä (``wood Käpylä'') (Swedish ``Trädkottby'') is well known as the earliest example in Finland of the Garden City Movement.	Käpylä	Finland
country	The Chitra River is located in southwestern Bangladesh.	Chitra River	Bangladesh
country	The City of Melbourne is a local government area in Victoria, Australia, located in the central city area of Melbourne.	City of Melbourne	Australia
country	The Gergovie plateau is a plateau of the Massif Central located 10 km to the south of Clermont-Ferrand, Puy-de-Dôme, Auvergne, France and is named after the nearby village of Gergovie.	Gergovie plateau	France
country	Ganjineh-ye Zaruni (Persian: گنجينه ضروني‎, also Romanized as Ganjīneh-ye Ẕarūnī; also known as Gajīneh, Ganjīneh, and Gūjīneh) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Ganjineh-ye Zaruni	Iran
country	Established in 1908, Bagsværd Boarding School is one of Denmark's best-known private schools.	Bagsværd	Denmark
country	The Château de Busset is a castle which has been developed into a château in the commune of Busset in the Allier département of France.	Château de Busset	France
country	Melanówek (mɛlaˈnuvɛk) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Melanówek	Poland
country	Savoia Castle or Škvorec Castle (Squorz, Schkworetz), is a castle located in small market town of Škvorec, about 23 kilometres (14 mi) east of Prague in the Czech Republic.	Savoia Castle	Czech Republic
country	Zacharo beach (Greek: Παραλία Ζαχάρως ), is the name of a beach that is located in the vicinity of Zacharo, in Southwestern Greece.	Zacharo beach	Greece
country	4MBS Classic FM has a loose affiliation with a number of similar independently owned and operated stations in other parts of Australia, including 2MBS Sydney, 3MBS Melbourne, 5MBS Adelaide and ArtSound FM Canberra.	4MBS	Australia
country	Warsheikh (Somali: Warsheekh, Arabic: وأرشيخ‎) is a town in the southeastern Middle Shebelle (Shabeellaha Dhexe) region of Somalia.	Warsheikh	Somalia
country	Bojnord Airport (Persian: فرودگاه بجنورد‎‎) (IATA: BJB, ICAO: OIMN) is an airport serving Bojnord (also spelled Bojnourd or Bojnurd), the capital city of the North Khorasan province in Iran.	Bojnord Airport	Iran
country	The Entertainment X'nter (also known as e'X, Plaza e'X, or Plaza Indonesia e'X) was a shopping mall located in Menteng, Central Jakarta directly beside the Japanese Embassy.	Entertainment X'nter	Indonesia
country	Montesilvano (Italian pronunciation: (ˌmontesilˈvaːno)) is a town and comune of the province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy.	Montesilvano	Italy
country	Kamo Wildlife Sanctuary (formerly Zion Wildlife Gardens/Kingdom of Zion) is a privately owned zoo located near Kamo, Whangarei, New Zealand, currently sited at the former Zion Wildlife Gardens property.	Kamo Wildlife Sanctuary	New Zealand
country	Hvalfjörður (Icelandic: Whale-fjord) is situated in the west of Iceland between Mosfellsbær and Akranes.	Hvalfjörður	Iceland
country	The Pondicherry Institute of Medical Sciences, (PIMS) is a multi-speciality hospital and teaching institute at Kalapet, in the Union Territory of Puducherry, India.	Pondicherry Institute of Medical Sciences	India
country	Peretychikha (Russian: Переты́чиха) is a village (selo) in Terneysky District of Primorsky Krai, Russia, located on the Yedinka River near the Samarga River.	Peretychikha	Russia
country	Glinik Górny (ˈɡlʲiɲik ˈɡurnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Frysztak, within Strzyżów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Glinik Górny	Poland
country	Drače (Serbian Cyrillic: Драче) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Drače	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The coastline of the Gulf of Morrosquillo is shared by the departments of Sucre in Cordoba on the north of Colombia.	Gulf of Morrosquillo	Colombia
country	The YoungIn Museum of Literature is a literature museum in Pyeongchang-dong, Jongno-gu, Seoul in South Korea.	YoungIn Museum of Literature	South Korea
country	Amboangibe or Amboahangibe is a town and commune (Malagasy: kaominina) in northern Madagascar.	Amboangibe	Madagascar
country	Suifenhe (simplified Chinese: 绥芬河; traditional Chinese: 綏芬河; pinyin: Suífēnhé), is a county-level city in southeastern Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China, located situated where the former Chinese Eastern Railway crosses the border with Russia's town of Pogranichny, Primorsky Krai.	Suifenhe	People's Republic of China
country	Hunjiang District (simplified Chinese: 浑江区; traditional Chinese: 渾江區; pinyin: Húnjiāng Qū) is a district of the city of Baishan, Jilin, People's Republic of China.	Hunjiang District	People's Republic of China
country	Dehqanan (Persian: دهقانان‎, also Romanized as Dehqānān; also known as Dehghanan) is a village in Dehqanan Rural District, in the Central District of Kharameh County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dehqanan	Iran
country	Midtown Grand is a hotel in Hisar city of Haryana, India.	Midtown Grand	India
country	Tokmok Airport (Kyrgyz: Токмок аэропорту, Russian: Токмакский аэропорт) (IATA: none (ТКМ), ICAO: UAFF) is an airport outside of Tokmok, a town in the Chuy Province (oblast) of Kyrgyzstan.	Tokmok Airport	Kyrgyzstan
country	Yariguíes National Park (Spanish: Serranía de los Yariguíes) is a natural park in north central Colombia.	Yariguíes National Park	Colombia
country	The Colchester Gladiators were formed in October 1983 by a group of friends at a time when American football first started to attract interest in the United Kingdom.	Colchester Gladiators	United Kingdom
country	Munkbron (Swedish: ``Monk's Bridge'') is a public square on the western waterfront of Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Munkbron	Sweden
country	Lieksan Hurtat is an ice hockey team from Lieksa, Finland, playing in the Suomi-sarja league.	Lieksan Hurtat	Finland
country	The Tudor navy was the navy of the Kingdom of England under the ruling Tudor dynasty 1485-1603.	Tudor navy	Kingdom of England
country	Jošava (Cyrillic: Јошава) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Jošava	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Gulf of Gaeta is a body of water on the west coast of Italy and part of the Tyrrhenian Sea.	Gulf of Gaeta	Italy
country	Kashpi (local Quechua for stick (k'aspi), hispanicized spelling Cashpe) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 5,200 metres (17,060 ft) high.	Kashpi	Peru
country	Vosloorus is a large township situated south of Boksburg and just east of Katlehong in Ekurhuleni Metropolitan municipality, Gauteng, South Africa.	Vosloorus	South Africa
country	Tedorigawa Dam (手取川ダム) is a dam in the Ishikawa Prefecture of Japan, completed in 1979.	Tedorigawa Dam	Japan
country	Bidama (Arabic: بداما‎; also spelled Bdama and Badama) is a town in northern Syria, administratively part of the Idlib Governorate, located northwest of Idlib along the border with Turkey.	Bidama	Syria
country	Hövsan (also, Gousan, Gousany, Goussan, and Govsan) is a municipality in Baku, Azerbaijan.	Hövsan	Azerbaijan
country	Yankovo (Bulgarian: Янково) is a village in Eastern Bulgaria, part of the Smyadovo municipality of Shumen Province.	Yankovo	Bulgaria
country	Kahar Kenar-e Keshtali (Persian: كهركناركشتلي‎, also Romanized as Kahar Kenār-e Keshtalī; also known as Kahar Kenār and Kar Kenār) is a village in Shahidabad Rural District, Bandpey-ye Gharbi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kahar Kenar-e Keshtali	Iran
country	Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District (Persian: دهستان منگورغربي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District	Iran
country	Hollabrunn is a district capital town in the Austrian state of Lower Austria, on the Göllersbach river.	Hollabrunn	Austria
country	The river Eaulne is one of the rivers that flow from the plateau of the eastern Pays de Caux in the Seine-Maritime département of Haute-Normandie in northern France.	Eaulne	France
country	Paide Linnameeskond, or simply Paide, is a football club, based in Paide, Estonia.	Paide Linnameeskond	Estonia
country	Jrambar (Armenian: Ջրամբար), is a small village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Jrambar	Armenia
country	Goondah railway station is a disused railway station in Goondah, New South Wales, Australia on the Main South Line 340 kilometres (210 mi) from Sydney.	Goondah railway station	Australia
country	Chak No. 56 GB is a village 10 km from Jaranwala on the Satiana Road in Faisalabad District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Chak No. 56 GB	Pakistan
country	Guyang County (Mongolian: ᠭᠦᠶᠠᠩ ᠰᠢᠶᠠᠨ Güyaŋ siyan; simplified Chinese: 固阳县; traditional Chinese: 固陽縣; pinyin: Gùyáng Xiàn) is a county in western Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China.	Guyang County	People's Republic of China
country	Jemdet Nasr (Arabic: جمدة نصر‎) is a tell or settlement mound in Babil Governorate (Iraq) that is best known as the eponymous type site for the Jemdet Nasr period (3100--2900 BC).	Jemdet Nasr	Iraq
country	Zarębiec (zaˈrɛmbjɛt͡s) (German: Kleisack) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Zarębiec	Poland
country	The Rosh Pinah mine is one of the largest and most important lead and zinc mines in Namibia.	Rosh Pinah mine	Namibia
country	Lirshiran (Persian: ليرشيران‎, also Romanized as Līrshīrān) is a village in Dehdez Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Lirshiran	Iran
country	Kumiałtowice (kumjau̯tɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Kummeltitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brody, within Żary County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland, close to the German border.	Kumiałtowice	Poland
country	Mich'ini (Aymara mich'i bow, -ni a suffix to indicate ownership, ``the one with a bow'', also spelled Michini) is a mountain in the Cordillera Real in the Andes of Bolivia, about 5,100 metres (16,732 ft) high.	Mich'ini	Bolivia
country	Preska pri Medvodah (pronounced (ˈpɾeːska pɾi mɛˈdʋoːdax)) is a former settlement that is part of the town of Medvode in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Preska pri Medvodah	Slovenia
country	Zgornja Radovna (pronounced (ˈzɡoːɾnja ˈɾaːdɔu̯na)) is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Kranjska Gora, northwestern Slovenia, traditionally belonging to the Upper Carniola region.	Zgornja Radovna	Slovenia
country	Kohtla-Nõmme is a borough (Estonian: alev) in northeastern Estonia.	Kohtla-Nõmme	Estonia
country	Épernay (IPA: (epɛʁnɛ)) is a commune in the Marne department in northern France.	Épernay	France
country	Staryya Darohi (Belarusian: Старыя Дарогi, Russian: Старые Дороги) is a town in Republic of Belarus, the capital of the Staryya Darohi Raion in the Minsk Voblast.	Staryya Darohi	Belarus
country	The Civilian Technical Corps was an American quasi-military uniformed organization raised in 1941 in the United States of America, to directly assist with the war effort within the United Kingdom.	Civilian Technical Corps	United Kingdom
country	Sheykheh Kureh (Persian: شيخه كوره‎, also Romanized as Sheykheh Kūreh; also known as Shaikh Kuwaireh, Sheikh Kooreh, Sheykheh Kōreh, Sheykheh Koveyreh, Sheykh Khowreh, and Sheykh Kūreh) is a village in Sarkal Rural District, in the Central District of Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Sheykheh Kureh	Iran
country	Limeburner Point is a point on the south coast of Shoal Bay, Princess Royal Harbour, on the south coast of Western Australia near Albany.	Limeburner Point	Australia
country	Bolshoye Zagarino (Russian: Большо́е Зага́рино) is a village (selo) in Vachsky District of Nizhny Novgorod Oblast, Russia.	Bolshoye Zagarino	Russia
country	Damadola is a village in the Bajaur Agency of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas in Pakistan, about 7 km (4.3 mi) from the Afghanistan border, it is located at 34° 48' 20N 71° 28' 0E at an altitude of 1082 metres (3553 feet).	Damadola	Pakistan
country	St. Lewis (Fox Harbour) Airport (IATA: YFX, TC LID: CCK4) is adjacent to St. Lewis, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	St. Lewis (Fox Harbour) Airport	Canada
country	The Port of Aqaba is the only port in Jordan, owned and operated by the Aqaba Port Corporation.	Port of Aqaba	Jordan
country	Louisa Models is Germany's biggest model agency.	Louisa Models	Germany
country	The Mönchsjoch Hut (German: Mönchsjochhütte) is a mountain hut located in the Bernese Alps in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.	Mönchsjoch Hut	Switzerland
country	On 23 June 2014, it was announced that Stevns Klint and the Wadden Sea had been added to the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites in Denmark.	Stevns Klint	Denmark
country	Sheohar, sometimes spelled Shivhar, is the principal town of Sheohar district in Bihar, India.	Sheohar	India
country	Subhanpura (સુભાનપુરા) is an urban area in the western side of Vadodara City, in the state of Gujarat, in India.	Subhanpura	India
country	Uzola River, also spelled as Usola River (Узола, Усола in Russian) is a river in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast in Russia.	Uzola River	Russia
country	Đurkovići is a village located just outside Podgorica, Montenegro and within the territorial boundaries of the Piperi tribe.	Đurkovići	Montenegro
country	Chapet is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île-de-France in north-central France, about 16 km east of Mantes-la-Jolie.	Chapet	France
country	The Malet coup of 1812 was an attempted coup d'état in Paris, France, aimed at removing Napoleon I, then campaigning in Russia, from power.	Malet coup of 1812	France
country	Inhacorá is a municipality in the northern part of the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.	Inhacorá	Brazil
country	Shishu Niketan Higher Secondary School was established in 1984 by Late Som Nath Sharma in the city of Pokhara, Nepal.	Shishu Niketan Higher Secondary School	Nepal
country	Shoaymat-e Do (Persian: شعيمطدو‎, also Romanized as Sho``aymaţ-e Do; also known as Sho``amyaţ-e Do) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 76, in 15 families.	Shoaymat-e Do	Iran
country	Midmar Dam is a combined gravity & earth-fill type dam and recreation area located near Howick and Pietermaritzburg, South Africa.	Midmar Dam	South Africa
country	The 1998 Winter Olympics, officially the XVIII Olympic Winter Games (第十八回オリンピック冬季競技大会 Dai Jūhachi-kai Orinpikku Tōkikyōgi Taikai), was a winter multi-sport event celebrated from 7-22 February 1998 in Nagano, Japan.	1998 Winter Olympics	Japan
country	Parc Festyland is a relatively small theme park situated within the Caen ringroad (A13/A84) in Lower Normandy, France.	Parc Festyland	France
country	Brebeneskul (Ukrainian: Бребенескул) is a peak in the Chornohora region of Ukraine, with height of 2,035 meters above sea level.	Brebeneskul	Ukraine
country	The Lycée Alexandre Ribot is a school located at 42 rue Gambetta, in the town of Saint-Omer (Pas-de-Calais département), France.	Lycée Alexandre Ribot	France
country	Gav Ahantu (Persian: گاو آهن تو‎, also Romanized as Gāv Āhantū and Gāvāhantū) is a village in Saral Rural District, Saral District, Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Gav Ahantu	Iran
country	Hîrjauca is a commune in Călăraşi district, Moldova with 2,877 inhabitants (2004 census).	Hîrjauca	Moldova
country	Mazraeh-ye Kucheh Mashak (Persian: مزرعه كوچه مشك‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Kūcheh Mashak) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District, Safayyeh District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Kucheh Mashak	Iran
country	The Panaad sa Negros Festival, also called the Panaad Festival (sometimes spelled as Pana-ad), is a festival held annually during the month of April in Bacolod City, the capital of Negros Occidental province in the Philippines.	Panaad sa Negros Festival	Philippines
country	Gurutalawa (ගුරුතලාව) is a rural town in Sri Lanka.	Gurutalawa	Sri Lanka
country	Nevsky Prospect (Russian: Не́вский проспе́кт, tr. Nevsky Prospekt; IPA: (ˈnʲɛfskʲɪj prɐˈspʲɛkt)) is the main street in the city of St. Petersburg, Russia.	Nevsky Prospect	Russia
country	The Kahlenberg (German pronunciation: (ˈkaːln̩bɛʁk)) is a hill (484 m or 1,588 ft) located in the 19th District of Vienna, Austria (Döbling).	Kahlenberg	Austria
country	Omey Island (Irish: Iomaidh) is a tidal island situated near Claddaghduff on the western edge of Connemara in County Galway, Ireland.	Omey Island	Ireland
country	Fayandar (Persian: فايندر‎, also Romanized as Fāyandar; also known as Fanidar and Pā’īn Dar) is a village in Miyan Khvaf Rural District, in the Central District of Khvaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Fayandar	Iran
country	Davydkovo (Russian: Давыдково) is a village in Novorzhevsky District of Pskov Oblast, Russia.	Davydkovo	Russia
country	Nameless Island (Spanish: Isla Sin Nombre) is an islet of the Galapagos Islands group, in Ecuador.	Nameless Island	Ecuador
country	SOS Amitié is a French federation of several regional charitable organizations aimed at providing emotional support to anyone in emotional distress, struggling to cope, or at risk of suicide throughout France, often through their telephone helpline.	SOS Amitié	France
country	Cämmerer See is a lake in Usedom, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Cämmerer See	Germany
country	SNAS/DHL, incorporated as DHL International Aviation ME, is a cargo airline based in Bahrain.	DHL International Aviation ME	Bahrain
country	The Vancouver Charter is a unique provincial statute that serves to incorporate the City of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Vancouver Charter	Canada
country	Stavanger Cathedral School, known colloquially as Kongsgård, is an upper secondary school in the city of Stavanger, Rogaland county, Norway.	Stavanger Cathedral School	Norway
country	The EFREI (École d'ingénieur généraliste en informatique et technologies du numérique) (Engineering School of Information and Digital Technologies) is a French private engineering school located in Villejuif, Île-de-France, at the south of Paris.	EFREI	France
country	Matanchén is the name of both the bay and one of the small towns located just south of San Blas, Nayarit, on the Pacific coast of Mexico.	Matanchén	Mexico
country	Lethem Airport (IATA: LTM, ICAO: SYLT) is an airport serving Lethem, a town in the Upper Takutu-Upper Essequibo region of Guyana.	Lethem Airport	Guyana
country	Jadara University (Arabic: جامعة جدارا) is a university located in the northern province of Irbid Governorate in Jordan, on the international highway to the north of the city of Irbid, the governorate's capital.	Jadara University	Jordan
country	The East Perth Football Club, nicknamed the Royals, is an Australian rules football club based in Leederville, Western Australia, current playing in the West Australian Football League (WAFL).	East Perth Football Club	Australia
country	The Ars Electronica Center (AEC) is a center for electronic arts run by Ars Electronica situated in Linz, Austria, at the northern side of the Danube opposite the city hall of Linz.	Ars Electronica Center	Austria
country	Murawskie-Miazgi (muˈrafskʲɛ ˈmjazɡi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Murawskie-Miazgi	Poland
country	Mazraeh-ye Kamalabad (Persian: مزرعه كمال اباد‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Kamālābād) is a village in Khvormiz Rural District, in the Central District of Mehriz County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Kamalabad	Iran
country	The Echassières mine is a large mine located near the town of Échassières, in the central part of France in Allier.	Echassières mine	France
country	Villarosa is a town and comune in the province of Enna, in the region of Sicily in southern Italy.	Villarosa	Italy
country	The Panorama of the Battle of Waterloo (French: Panorama de la Bataille de Waterloo) is a rotunda in Belgium that houses a monumental panoramic painting of the Battle of Waterloo.	Panorama of the Battle of Waterloo	Belgium
country	Stade Grimonprez-Jooris was a multi-purpose stadium in Lille, France built in 1974.	Stade Grimonprez-Jooris	France
country	Lago di Palagnedra is a manmade lake at Palagnedra, Ticino, Switzerland.	Lago di Palagnedra	Switzerland
country	The Great South Run is an annual 10 miles (16.09 km) road running race which takes place in Portsmouth, United Kingdom providing an intermediate distance between the ten kilometre and the half marathon (21.097 km) runs.	Great South Run	United Kingdom
country	The Kirghiz Soviet Socialist Republic (Kirghiz SSR; Kyrgyz: Кыргыз Советтик Социалисттик Республикасы Kyrgyz Sovettik Sotsialisttik Respublikasy; Russian: Киргизская Советская Социалистическая Республика Kirgizskaya Sovetskaya Sotsialisticheskaya Respublika), also referred to as Kirghizia, was one of the constituent republics of the Soviet Union (USSR).	Kirghiz Soviet Socialist Republic	Soviet Union
country	Hawa Welele was one of the woredas in the Oromia Region of Ethiopia.	Hawa Welele	Ethiopia
country	Andrarum is a locality situated in Tomelilla Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden.	Andrarum	Sweden
country	Bagh Konar (Persian: باغ كنار‎, also Romanized as Bāgh Konār, Bāgh-e Kanār, Bāgh-e Kenār, Bāgh-i-Kanār, and Bagh Kenar) is a village in Dehsard Rural District, in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bagh Konar	Iran
country	Kohneh Jolgeh (Persian: كهنه جلگه‎) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District, Maneh District, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kohneh Jolgeh	Iran
country	Rosenheim station is the largest railway station between Munich and Salzburg / Innsbruck and is located in the centre of the city of Rosenheim in Upper Bavaria, Germany.	Rosenheim station	Germany
country	The Greater Toronto Area (GTA) is the most populous metropolitan area in Canada.	Greater Toronto Area	Canada
country	The 14th High School in Wrocław (XIV Liceum Ogólnokształcące we Wrocławiu) - a public high school in Wrocław, Poland, part of the 14th School Complex, that also incorporates the 49th Bilingual Junior High School.	14th High School in Wrocław	Poland
country	The Canadian Chamber Choir (Choeur de chambre du Canada)'s mission is to build community through choral singing.	Canadian Chamber Choir	Canada
country	Hassi Ben Abdellah (Arabic: ﺣﺎﺳﻲ ﺑﻦ ﻋﺒﺪ اﷲ‎) is a town and commune in Sidi Khouiled District, Ouargla Province, Algeria, located near the provincial capital, Ouargla.	Hassi Ben Abdellah	Algeria
country	The Fairmont Le Château Montebello or simply Château Montebello is a hotel and resort complex in Montebello, Quebec, Canada.	Château Montebello	Canada
country	Tallinn Music High School (in Estonian: Tallinna Muusikakeskkool) is a special music high school in Tallinn, Estonia.	Tallinn Music High School	Estonia
country	The Mackenzie Basin (popularly and traditionally known as the Mackenzie Country) is an elliptical intermontane basin located in the Mackenzie and Waitaki Districts, near the centre of the South Island of New Zealand.	Mackenzie Basin	New Zealand
country	The Château de Lacapelle-Marival is a ruined castle in the commune of Lacapelle-Marival in the Lot département of France.	Château de Lacapelle-Marival	France
country	The City of Bunbury is a local government area in the South West region of Western Australia, covering an area of 65.7 square kilometres (25.4 sq mi) along the coast about 180 kilometres (112 mi) south of Perth, the capital of Western Australia.	City of Bunbury	Australia
country	Mersin is a large city and a port on the Mediterranean coast of southern Turkey.	Mersin	Turkey
country	Kaghau Airport is an airport on Kaghau Island in the Solomon Islands (IATA: KGE, ICAO: AGKG).	Kaghau Airport	Solomon Islands
country	Sørreisa Church (Norwegian: Sørreisa kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Sørreisa in Troms county, Norway.	Sørreisa Church	Norway
country	Bykowo (bɨˈkɔvɔ) (German Bollendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bykowo	Poland
country	Adamovec is a small town in central Croatia, north of Sesvete and southwest of Sveti Ivan Zelina.	Adamovec	Croatia
country	Świdnica County (Polish: powiat świdnicki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lower Silesian Voivodeship, south-western Poland.	Świdnica County	Poland
country	Barskon, Barskoon or Barskaun, ancient Barsgan, Barskhan or Barsqan (Russian: Барскон; Kyrgyz: Барскоон; Persian: بارسغان‎) is a small settlement on the southern shore of Lake Issyk Kul in the Issyk Kul Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Barskon	Kyrgyzstan
country	Bezenškovo Bukovje (pronounced (ˈbeːzənʃkɔʋɔ buˈkoːu̯jɛ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia.	Bezenškovo Bukovje	Slovenia
country	Sarab-e Surenabad (Persian: سرابسورن اباد‎, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Sūrenābād and Sarāb-e Surenābād) is a village in Gavrud Rural District, in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sarab-e Surenabad	Iran
country	Khadarhem Zeytun (Persian: خدارحم زيتون‎‎, also Romanized as Khadārḥem Zeytūn) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Khadarhem Zeytun	Iran
country	Kleiner Semmering Pass (el. 463 m.) is a low mountain pass in the Wienerwald in the Bundesland of Lower Austria.	Kleiner Semmering Pass	Austria
country	Makhuzai was the oldest tehsile of Swat in the ruling days of Wali Swat (king of Swat), but it is now sub-tehsil of Tehsil Puran District Shangla, Pakistan.	Makhuzai	Pakistan
country	Riblak-e Sofla (Persian: ري بلك سفلي‎, also Romanized as Rīblak-e Soflá; also known as Rāh Balag-e Soflá and Rībalag-e Soflá) is a village in Harasam Rural District, Homeyl District, Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Riblak-e Sofla	Iran
country	La Rinconada Hippodrome (Spanish: Hipódromo La Rinconada) is a race track for Thoroughbred horse racing located in Coche, a neighborhood of south Caracas, Venezuela.	La Rinconada Hippodrome	Venezuela
country	Kamno Brdo (pronounced (ˈkaːmnɔ ˈbəɾdɔ); German: Kamenwerch) is a small settlement in the hills above Višnja Gora in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Kamno Brdo	Slovenia
country	Millers Flat is a small town (population about 200) in inland Otago, in the South Island of New Zealand.	Millers Flat	New Zealand
country	Minstrel Island Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CAX7), is a public airport located adjacent to Minstrel Island, British Columbia, Canada.	Minstrel Island Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Manda-Inakir is a system of fissure vents and cinder cones located along the border between Djibouti and Ethiopia.	Manda-Inakir	Djibouti	Ethiopia
country	The Motueka River is located in the north of the South Island of New Zealand and is a popular tourist destination for watersports and fishing.	Motueka River	New Zealand
country	Old Castile (Spanish: Castilla la Vieja (kasˈtiʎa la ˈβjexa)) is a historic region of Spain, which included territory that later corresponded to the provinces of Santander (now Cantabria), Burgos, Logroño (now La Rioja), Soria, Segovia, Ávila, Valladolid, Palencia.	Old Castile	Spain
country	Veneto for the European People's Party (Italian: Veneto per il Partito Popolare Europeo, VPPE) is a regional Christian democratic political party based in Veneto, Italy.	Veneto for the European People's Party	Italy
country	Dolenja Vas pri Raki (pronounced (dɔˈleːnja ˈʋaːs pɾi ˈɾaːki); Slovene: Dolenja vas pri Raki, German: Niederdorf) is a settlement southwest of Raka in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Dolenja Vas pri Raki	Slovenia
country	Wiaderno (vjaˈdɛrnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomaszów Mazowiecki, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wiaderno	Poland
country	Lysos (Greek: Λυσός) is a village in Cyprus, about 36 kilometres from Paphos.	Lysos	Cyprus
country	The Fuglefjella Important Bird Area is a 500 ha tract of sea-cliffs in Spitsbergen, the largest island of Norway's arctic Svalbard archipelago.	Fuglefjella Important Bird Area	Norway
country	Gosarling Gewog (Dzongkha: སྒོ་གསར་གླིང་) is a gewog (village block) of Tsirang District, Bhutan.	Gosarling Gewog	Bhutan
country	St Paul's Collegiate School is a private (independent) Anglican secondary school in Hamilton, New Zealand.	St Paul's Collegiate School	New Zealand
country	The Stadthaus Ulm is an assembly hall and art exhibition centre in the city centre of Ulm (Germany).	Stadthaus Ulm	Germany
country	Lernagyugh (Armenian: Լեռնագյուղ; Chorlu) is a small village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Lernagyugh	Armenia
country	Baharampur (Lok Sabha constituency) (earlier known as Berhampore) is one of the 543 parliamentary constituencies in India.	Baharampur (Lok Sabha constituency)	India
country	Sébécourt is a commune in the Eure department and Haute-Normandie region in northern France.	Sébécourt	France
country	Milner Hall is one of 5 halls of residence owned by the University of the West Indies (UWI) in St. Augustine, Trinidad and Tobago.	Milner Hall	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Spiczyn (ˈspit͡ʂɨn) is a village in Łęczna County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland and is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Spiczyn.	Spiczyn	Poland
country	Brandstorp Church (Swedish: Brandstorps kyrka) is a wooden church building in Brandstorp in Sweden.	Brandstorp Church	Sweden
country	The KLFA Stadium (Malay: Stadium KLFA) or Kuala Lumpur Football Association Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Cheras, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	KLFA Stadium	Malaysia
country	Harry Lake Aspen Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located northwest of Ashcroft near the upper basin of Hat Creek.	Harry Lake Aspen Provincial Park	Canada
country	This summer The Artist Life is in Ontario for Cutting Edge Music Festival and in Eastern Canada for a stretch of dates with The Snips and Brights to coincide with the digital release of ``Let's Start A Campfire'' the acoustic counterpart to LSAR.	The Artist Life	Canada
country	The Kannur Cantonment Board is one of the 62 cantonments in India and the only one in Kerala.	Kannur Cantonment	India
country	Potštát (Czech pronunciation: (ˈpot.ʃtaːt); German: Bodenstadt) is a town in the Olomouc Region, Czech Republic.	Potštát	Czech Republic
country	Kfar Menahem (Hebrew: כְּפַר מְנַחֵם, lit. Menahem Village) is a kibbutz in Israel located about 7 km east of Kiryat Malakhi in south-central Israel.	Kfar Menahem	Israel
country	Koshgonlu (Persian: كشگنلو‎, also Romanized as Koshgonlū; also known as Kūshkūnlū) is a village in Qeshlaqat-e Afshar Rural District, Afshar District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Koshgonlu	Iran
country	Besana in Brianza is a town and comune in the province of Monza and Brianza, Lombardy, Italy.	Besana in Brianza	Italy
country	Samoeng Nuea (Thai: สะเมิงเหนือ) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Samoeng District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Samoeng Nuea	Thailand
country	The Château de Lucéram is a ruined castle, dating from the 12th and 13th centuries, in the commune of Lucéram in the Alpes-Maritimes département of France.	Château de Lucéram	France
country	San Carlos del Zulia is the capital of Colón Municipality, located in Zulia State, Venezuela.	San Carlos del Zulia	Venezuela
country	Hamar Weyne District (Somali: Degmada Xamar Weyne) is a district in the southeastern Banaadir region Somalia.	Hamar Weyne District	Somalia
country	Oborishte (Bulgarian: Оборище) is a village located in the Panagyurishte municipality, Pazardzhik Province, western Bulgaria.	Oborishte	Bulgaria
country	Soleto (Sulìtu in local dialect) is a small Griko-speaking city located in the province of Lecce in Apulia, Italy.	Soleto	Italy
country	Quince Mil (Spanish: ``Fifteen Thousand'') is a community in Cusco Region, Peru.	Quince Mil	Peru
country	Rila Municipality (Bulgarian: Рила) is located in southeastern Kyustendil Province, Bulgaria.	Rila Municipality	Bulgaria
country	Mahiyanganaya is a town situated close to the Mahaweli River in Badulla District, Uva Province of Sri Lanka.	Mahiyangana	Sri Lanka
country	Bellerive Castle (French: Château de Bellerive) is a château in the municipality of Collonge-Bellerive of the Canton of Geneva in Switzerland.	Bellerive Castle	Switzerland
country	The St. Francis University College of Health and Allied Sciences (SFUCHAS) is a constituent college of St. Augustine University of Tanzania in Ifakara, Tanzania.	St. Francis University College of Health and Allied Sciences	Tanzania
country	South East Mutton Bird Islet is a steep unpopulated islet located close to the south-western coast of Tasmania, Australia.	South East Mutton Bird Islet	Australia
country	Kodiak Coil Tubing is an oilfield service company incorporated in 2001, based in Alberta, Canada.	Kodiak Coil Tubing	Canada
country	Khodz River is a river of southwest Russia.	Khodz River	Russia
country	Larnakas tis Lapithou (Greek: Λάρνακας της Λαπήθου; Turkish: Kozan) is a village in Cyprus, near the town of Lapithos.	Larnakas tis Lapithou	Cyprus
country	Aliabad-e Javanmard (Persian: علي ابادجوانمرد‎, also Romanized as ʿAlīābād-e Javānmard) is a village in Qaleh-ye Mozaffari Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Aliabad-e Javanmard	Iran
country	Mut Mee Guesthouse is a guesthouse located in Nong Khai, Thailand and has been in operation for 21 years.	Mut Mee Guesthouse	Thailand
country	Elgeta (Spanish: Elgueta) is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.	Elgeta	Spain
country	Bastnäs (Swedish: Bastnäs or Bastnäsfältet) is an ore field near Riddarhyttan, Västmanland, Sweden.	Bastnäs	Sweden
country	Teglgårdsvej halt is a railway halt serving the western part of the town of Hjørring, Denmark.	Teglgårdsvej halt	Denmark
country	Stachów (ˈstaxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kondratowice, within Strzelin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Stachów	Poland
country	Cucuteni (Romanian pronunciation: (kukuˈtenʲ)) is a commune in Iaşi County, Romania, with a population of 1,446 as of 2002.	Cucuteni	Romania
country	Pizzo Barone (2,864 m) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps in Switzerland.	Pizzo Barone	Switzerland
country	Salam University (Pashto: سلام پوهنتون‎) / (Persian: دانشگاه سلام‎‎) is a private university in Afghanistan having campuses in Kabul and Kunduz.	Salam University	Afghanistan
country	The Diocese of Lund is a former Latin Catholic (arch)bishopric with see in Lund, southern Scandinavia, and since the Swedish Reformation the southernmost diocese in the Lutheran Church of Sweden.	Diocese of Lund	Sweden
country	The Sentinel mine is a large copper mine located in north-west Zambia in North-Western Province.	Sentinel mine	Zambia
country	Bohicon is a city in Benin, and a conurbation of Abomey lying 9 kilometres east of the city on the railway line from Cotonou to Parakou and on Benin's main highway RNIE 2 which joins the RNIE 4.	Bohicon	Benin
country	Redbanc is an interbank network in Chile connecting the ATMs of all the banks in Chile.	Redbanc	Chile
country	Devičie (Hungarian: Devicse) is a village and municipality in the Krupina District of the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia.	Devičie	Slovakia
country	Cliftonville is a coastal area of the town of Margate, situated to the east of the main town, in the Thanet district of Kent, South East England, United Kingdom.	Cliftonville	United Kingdom
country	Przykuna (pʂɨˈkuna) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bierzwnik, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Przykuna	Poland
country	The Illuminated Block (Spanish: Manzana de las Luces) is a historical landmark in the Monserrat neighbourhood of Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Illuminated Block	Argentina
country	Kldiani (Georgian: კლდიანი) is a village at an altitude of 380 meters from sea level in the Gagra District of Abkhazia, Georgia.	Kldiani	Georgia
country	Beatservice Records (established 10 October 1994 in Tromsø, Norway) is a Norwegian record label releasing electronic music.	Beatservice Records	Norway
country	The Paddington Gold Mine is a gold mine located near Broad Arrow, 30 km north of Kalgoorlie, Western Australia.	Paddington Gold Mine	Australia
country	Shonkrhai is the territory located on the Durand Line, the porous international border between Pakistan and Afghanistan.	Shonkrhai	Pakistan	Afghanistan
country	The Jagui River is a river in the state of Mato Grosso do Sul in southwestern Brazil.	Jagui River	Brazil
country	The Caspian or Khazar raion (Azerbaijani: Xəzər) is one of the 12 rayonlar in Baku, Azerbaijan.	Khazar raion	Azerbaijan
country	Mamulan (Persian: معمولان‎, also Romanized as Ma``mūlān and Māmūlūn) is a city in and capital of Mamulan District, in Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 7,633, in 1,725 families.	Mamulan	Iran
country	Nimnica (Hungarian: Nemőc) is a spa village and municipality in Púchov District in the Trenčín Region of north-western Slovakia.	Nimnica	Slovakia
country	Bulus (Russian: Булус) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Tyubinsky Rural Okrug of Namsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 77 kilometers (48 mi) from Namtsy, the administrative center of the district.	Bulus	Russia
country	Perga or Perge (Greek: Πέργη Perge, Turkish: Perge) was an ancient Anatolian city in modern Turkey, once the capital of Pamphylia Secunda, now in Antalya province on the southwestern Mediterranean coast of Turkey.	Perga	Turkey
country	Caleta de Fuste (also known as El Castillo and Costa Caleta) is the largest community in the municipality of Antigua, Las Palmas, Spain on the island of Fuerteventura in the Canary Islands.	Caleta de Fuste	Spain
country	Daloloia Group are islands of Papua New Guinea.	Daloloia Group	Papua New Guinea
country	Hulmadian-e Bala (Persian: هول ماديان بالا‎, also Romanized as Hūlmādīān-e Bālā) is a village in Nazil Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Hulmadian-e Bala	Iran
country	Strękowo (strɛŋˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nur, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Strękowo	Poland
country	Hafizabad (Punjabi/Urdu: حافظ آباد ‎) is a city and tehsil of Hafizabad District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Hafizabad	Pakistan
country	Marquban (Arabic: مرقوبان) is a village in Sitra, Bahrain, located near the middle part of the island.	Marquban	Bahrain
country	Şada (also, Sada, Shada, Shadakend, and Shady) is a village and the least populous municipality in the Shahbuz District of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan.	Şada	Azerbaijan
country	Hatzor (Hebrew: חָצוֹר), officially Hatzor Ashdod to distinguish it from Hatzor HaGlilit, is a kibbutz in southern Israel.	Hatzor	Israel
country	Menteng Stadium was a multi-purpose stadium in Menteng, Central Jakarta, Indonesia.	Menteng Stadium	Indonesia
country	Xnaheb is an archaeological site of the pre-Columbian Maya civilization, one of five primary sites identified in the southern Belize region.	Xnaheb	Belize
country	The Southern Highland News is a newspaper published in Bowral, New South Wales, Australia since 1958.	Southern Highland News	Australia
country	Nowy Czachulec (ˈnɔvɨ t͡ʂaˈxulɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kawęczyn, within Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nowy Czachulec	Poland
country	The Western Express Highway, shortened to WEH, is a major north-south 8-10 lane arterial road in Mumbai, India, stretching from the suburb of Bandra to Dahisar.	Western Express Highway	India
country	Razavar Rural District (Persian: دهستان رازآور‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Razavar Rural District	Iran
country	Secret Buddha Garden, also known as Magic Garden and Heaven's Garden and Tarnim Magic Garden is a private sculpture park atop Pom Mountain (also called Khun Nim Peak), one of the highest peaks on the resort island of Ko Samui in Surat Thani Province, Thailand.	Secret Buddha Garden	Thailand
country	Ab Khuda'i is a village in the west of Ab Kamari District in the Badghis Province, of north-west Afghanistan.	Ab Khuda'i	Afghanistan
country	Pullazhi/Pullazhy (പുല്ലഴി) is a suburban area of Thrissur City of Kerala state, South India.	Pullazhi	India
country	The Myllysilta (Mill Bridge) is a steel girder bridge crossing the Aurajoki (Aura River) in the middle of the city of Turku in Finland.	Myllysilta	Finland
country	The Monti Volsini or Vulsini are a minor mountain range in northern Lazio, Italy, near the Lake Bolsena.	Monti Volsini	Italy
country	Ushant (/ˈʌʃənt/; Breton: Eusa, pronounced (ˈøsa); French: Ouessant, pronounced: (wɛsɑ̃)) is an island at the south-western end of the English Channel which marks the north-westernmost point of metropolitan France.	Ushant	France
country	Neimen District (Chinese: 內門區; pinyin: Nèimén Qū) is a rural district of Kaohsiung in southern Taiwan.	Neimen District	Taiwan
country	Las Flecheras Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Las Flecheras) (IATA: SFD, ICAO: SVSR) is an airport serving San Fernando de Apure, the capital city of the state of Apure in Venezuela.	Las Flecheras Airport	Venezuela
country	Quyllur (Quechua for star, hispanicized spellings Collor) is an archaeological site in Peru.	Quyllur	Peru
country	Gajary (German: Gayring) is a village and municipality in western Slovakia close to the town of Malacky in the Bratislava region.	Gajary	Slovakia
country	Galinsoor, also spelled Gelinsoor, is a town in the north-central Mudug region of Somalia.	Galinsoor	Somalia
country	Bruck an der Leitha (meaning ``Bridge upon Leitha'' in the same sense as Stratford-upon-Avon) is a city located in Lower Austria, Austria at the border to the Burgenland, which is marked by the Leitha river.	Bruck an der Leitha	Austria
country	Strömsborg (Swedish: Stream's castle) is a small islet in central Stockholm, Sweden, located north of Stadsholmen, and west of Helgeandsholmen, between the bridges Centralbron, a motorway passing through central Stockholm, and Vasabron.	Strömsborg	Sweden
country	Balakot Tehsil (Urdu: تحصیل بالاکوٹ‎) is a subdivision of Mansehra District in the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Balakot Tehsil	Pakistan
country	Canadore College is a college of applied arts and technology located in North Bay, Ontario, Canada.	Canadore College	Canada
country	Bramberk (German: Bramberg) is an observation tower on the hill Krásný (787 m above sea level) in the Jizera Mountains in the area of Lučany nad Nisou (Czech Republic).	Bramberk	Czech Republic
country	East Cape Lighthouse is a lighthouse sited on Otiki Hill above East Cape, the easternmost point on the North Island of New Zealand.	East Cape Lighthouse	New Zealand
country	The King's Feast (Dutch: Koningsfeest, French: Fête du Roi, German: Festtag des Königs) has been celebrated in Belgium on November 15 since 1866.	King's Feast	Belgium
country	Mlaka pri Kočevju (pronounced (ˈmlaːka pɾi kɔˈtʃeːu̯ju); German: Kerndorf, Gottscheerish: Kearndoarf) is a settlement north of the town of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Mlaka pri Kočevju	Slovenia
country	Mesr (Persian: مصر‎, also Romanized as Meşr and Maşr) is a village in Jandaq Rural District, in the Central District of Khur and Biabanak County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Mesr	Iran
country	The Château de Quéribus (in Occitan Castèl de Queribús) is a ruined castle in the commune of Cucugnan in the Aude département of France.	Château de Quéribus	France
country	Tour Maine-Montparnasse (Maine-Montparnasse Tower), also commonly named Tour Montparnasse, is a 210-metre (689 ft) office skyscraper located in the Montparnasse area of Paris, France.	Tour Montparnasse	France
country	Atish Dipankar University of Science and Technology (Bengali: অতীশ দীপঙ্কর বিজ্ঞাণ ও প্রযুক্তি বিশ্ববিদ্যালয় or ADUST) is a private university in Banani, Dhaka, Bangladesh.	Atish Dipankar University of Science and Technology	Bangladesh
country	Zmeitsa (Bulgarian: Змейца) is a village in southwestern Bulgaria.	Zmeitsa	Bulgaria
country	National Capital Power Station (NCPS) Or NTPC Dadri, is the power project to meet the power demand of National Capital Region (India).	NTPC Dadri	India
country	Jalan Bukit Mor or Jalan Mahmood (Johor state route ) is a major road in Johor, Malaysia.	Jalan Bukit Mor	Malaysia
country	The Frudal Tunnel (Norwegian: Frudalstunnelen) is a road tunnel along the Norwegian National Road 5 in the municipality of Sogndal in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Frudal Tunnel	Norway
country	Gültəpə (also, Qultəpə) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Gültəpə	Azerbaijan
country	The Frankfurt International School (FIS) is an English-language day school located in Oberursel, near Frankfurt am Main, Germany.	Frankfurt International School	Germany
country	Želino (Macedonian: Желино , Albanian: Zhelina) is a village in Republic of Macedonia.	Želino	Macedonia
country	Qarah Chopoq (Persian: قره چپق‎, also Romanized as Qareh Chopoq) is a village in Benajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Bonab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qarah Chopoq	Iran
country	The Bank of Ottawa was established in Canada in 1874 by Ottawa Valley lumber pioneers.	Bank of Ottawa	Canada
country	Dongdaemun District (Dongdaemun-gu) is one of the 25 gu (districts) of Seoul, South Korea.	Dongdaemun District	South Korea
country	China Southwest Airlines (CSWA, simplified Chinese: 中国西南航空公司; traditional Chinese: 中國西南航空公司; pinyin: Zhōngguó Xīnán Hángkōng Gōngsī) was an airline with its head office on the property of Shuangliu Airport in Shuangliu County, Chengdu, Sichuan, People's Republic of China.	China Southwest Airlines	People's Republic of China
country	Qıraq Kəsəmən (also, Ashaga Kyrakhkesaman, Krakhkesaman, and Kyrakh Kesaman) is a village and municipality in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qıraq Kəsəmən	Azerbaijan
country	Institute of the Pacific United is a Japanese and New Zealand tertiary educational institution based in Palmerston North, New Zealand.	Institute of the Pacific United	New Zealand
country	Pichari is a town in central Peru, capital of the Pichari District, La Convención Province, Cusco Region.	Pichari	Peru
country	Sakušak (pronounced (ˈsaːkuʃak)) is a settlement in the Slovene Hills (Slovene: Slovenske gorice) in the Municipality of Juršinci in northeastern Slovenia.	Sakušak	Slovenia
country	Håkås (pronounced (hɔkɔs); from Old Norse Haukáss, ``hawk hill''), formerly spelled Haagaas and Haakaas, is a small hill near the lake Øyeren in Båstad in Trøgstad, Østfold, Norway.	Håkås	Norway
country	Albrandswaard (Dutch: (ɑlˌbrɑntsˈʋaːrt)) is a municipality in the western Netherlands, in the province of South Holland.	Albrandswaard	Netherlands
country	Hovarpan (Persian: هوارپان‎, also Romanized as Hovārpān, Havārpān, and Hawar Pān) is a village in Amirabad Rural District, Muchesh District, Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Hovarpan	Iran
country	Tshibinda is a volcano in the east of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Tshibinda	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Lake Higa is a small lake in eastern Burkina Faso, close to the border with Niger.	Lake Higa	Burkina Faso
country	Dash-e Darageh (Persian: داش درگه‎, also Romanized as Dāsh-e Darageh) is a village in Almahdi Rural District, Mohammadyar District, Naqadeh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dash-e Darageh	Iran
country	Tsakhats Kar Monastery (Armenian: Ցախաց քար Վանք) is a monastic complex located along the mountain foothills overlooking the Yeghegis River, between the villages of Yeghegis (6 km northeast) and Horbategh in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia.	Tsakhats Kar Monastery	Armenia
country	Kempegowda Bus Station, more commonly known as Majestic Bus Station, is a large bus station in central Bangalore, India.	Kempegowda Bus Station	India
country	The Grand-Ouest is a geographical area of France that encompasses Brittany and Pays de la Loire.	Grand-Ouest	France
country	Húsar (Danish: Husum) is a village on the East side of Kalsoy, Faroe Islands.	Húsar	Faroe Islands
country	Vaidyaratnam P. S. Warrier, a renowned scholar and academician in whose honour the Government of India have issued a postage stamp, founded Arya Vaidya Sala in 1902, at Kottakkal, a small town in Malappuram district, in the Indian state of Kerala.	Arya Vaidya Sala	India
country	Lake Coghinas (Italian: Lago di Coghinas) is an artificial lake, in northern Sardinia, Italy, located between the provinces of Sassari and Olbia-Tempio.	Lake Coghinas	Italy
country	Sampu (Quechua for knock-kneed / a person with one black and one indigenous parent, hispanicized spelling Sambo) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,200 metres (17,060 ft) high.	Sampu	Peru
country	German submarine U-660 was a Type VIIC U-boat built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine for service during World War II. She was laid down on 15 February 1941 by Howaldtswerke, Hamburg as yard number 809, launched on 17 November 1941 and commissioned on 8 January 1942 under Oberleutnant zur See Götz Baur.	German submarine U-660	Germany
country	The Glarus Alps (German: Glarner Alpen) are a mountain range in central Switzerland.	Glarus Alps	Switzerland
country	Gogenloe Island (Russian: остров Гогенлоэ), also known as Hohenlohe, is an island in Franz Josef Land, Russia.	Gogenloe Island	Russia
country	Panwan (Urdu: پنواں‎) is a village in the Nankana Sahib District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Panwan	Pakistan
country	Faafu Atoll Hospital is located in the island of Nilandhoo in Faafu Atoll, Maldives.	Faafu Atoll Hospital	Maldives
country	Bijelo Polje (Montenegrin: Бијело Поље, pronounced (bîjɛlɔː pɔ̂ʎɛ)) is a town in northeastern Montenegro on the Lim River.	Bijelo Polje	Montenegro
country	Santa Maria della Sapienza is a Roman Catholic church, located on Via Costantinopoli in central Naples, Italy.	Santa Maria della Sapienza	Italy
country	Pinipel Island, also known as Green Island, is the northern of the two atolls making up the Green Islands, east of New Ireland, Papua New Guinea.	Pinipel Island	Papua New Guinea
country	Lille Molla or Litlmolla is an island in the municipality of Vågan in Nordland county, Norway.	Lille Molla	Norway
country	Remembrance Island is an island in Lake Chivero in the Harare area of Zimbabwe.	Remembrance Island	Zimbabwe
country	Serpentine Running Club is a cross-country running club based in London, United Kingdom.	Serpentine Running Club	United Kingdom
country	Takasegawa Dam (Japanese: ?) is a dam in the Okayama Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1982.	Takasegawa Dam	Japan
country	Będziszewo (bɛnd͡ʑiˈʂɛvɔ) (German: Padingkehmen, from 1938-45 Padingen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubeninki, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Będziszewo	Poland
country	Ocypel (ɔˈt͡sɨpɛl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubichowo, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Ocypel	Poland
country	The Piota is an Apennine torrent in the Province of Alessandria, north-west Italy.	Piota	Italy
country	Governor Francisco Gabrielli International Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Internacional Gobernador Francisco Gabrielli) (IATA: MDZ, ICAO: SAME), better known as El Plumerillo International Airport, is located 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) northeast of the centre of Mendoza, a city in the Mendoza Province of Argentina.	Governor Francisco Gabrielli International Airport	Argentina
country	Mazraeh-ye Kamal (Persian: مزرعه كمال‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Kamāl) is a village in Khvormiz Rural District, in the Central District of Mehriz County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Kamal	Iran
country	Dogbo-Tota (or Dogbo) is a city located in the Kouffo Department of Benin.	Dogbo-Tota	Benin
country	Cevio is the capital of the district of Vallemaggia in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.	Cevio	Switzerland
country	Billanook College is an independent co-ed school with an early learning program through to Year 12, located in Mooroolbark, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Billanook College	Australia
country	Ochtinská Aragonite Cave (Slovak: Ochtinská aragonitová jaskyňa, Hungarian: Martonházi-aragonitbarlang) is a unique aragonite cave situated in southern Slovakia, near Rožňava.	Ochtinská Aragonite Cave	Slovakia
country	The University of Salento (Italian: Università del Salento, called until 2007 Università degli Studi di Lecce) is a university located in Lecce, Italy.	University of Salento	Italy
country	The Pioneer School of Ariana (French: Lycée Pilote de l'Ariana; Arabic: المعهد النّمـــوذجــي بأريـــانـة‎), commonly known as LPA, is a secondary school located in ``l'Avenue de l'Indépendance'' in Ariana, Tunisia.	Pioneer School of Ariana	Tunisia
country	Qarah Qowyun (Persian: قره قويون‎, also Romanized as Qarah Qowyūn) is a village in Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District, Bazargan District, Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qarah Qowyun	Iran
country	Sibi (Balochi: بلوچ ) (Urdu: سِبی‎) is a city of Balochistan province of Pakistan.	Sibi	Pakistan
country	Mount Druitt Waterworks was a water park in Mount Druitt, New South Wales, Australia.	Mount Druitt Waterworks	Australia
country	Ithala Game Reserve is situated in 290 km2 of rugged, mountainous thornveld, about 400 km north of Durban, in northern KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.	Ithala Game Reserve	South Africa
country	Gaddi's is a French haute cuisine restaurant situated in The Peninsula Hong Kong hotel.	Gaddi's	Hong Kong
country	Santa María de Garoña Nuclear Power Plant is a closed nuclear power station at Santa María de Garoña, Burgos (Spain).	Santa María de Garoña Nuclear Power Plant	Spain
country	Qaleh Chal (Persian: قلعه چال‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Chāl and Qal``ehchāl) is a village in Kuhestani-ye Talesh Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 86, in 19 families.	Qaleh Chal	Iran
country	Baghdad railway station (Urdu: بغداد ریلوے اسٹیشن‎) is located in Pakistan.	Baghdad railway station	Pakistan
country	Jignipurwa is a village at Sarwankhera in Kanpur Dehat, northern India.	Jignipurwa	India
country	The Mongkol Borei River is a river in Mongkol Borei District in Banteay Meanchey Province in western Cambodia.	Mongkol Borei River	Cambodia
country	The Grassengrat is a multi-summited mountain of the Urner Alps, located on the border between the cantons of Obwalden and Uri in Central Switzerland.	Grassengrat	Switzerland
country	The Byunovska is a river of Plovdiv Province, Bulgaria.	Byunovska	Bulgaria
country	The Diocese of Niagara is one of thirty regional divisions (29 dioceses and one former diocese) in the Anglican Church of Canada.	Diocese of Niagara	Canada
country	Memmert is a small East Frisian island off the northern coast of Germany, with an area of 5.2 square kilometres (2.0 sq mi).	Memmert	Germany
country	The Guanta Municipality is one of the 21 municipalities (municipios) that makes up the eastern Venezuelan state of Anzoátegui and, according to the 2011 census by the National Institute of Statistics of Venezuela, the municipality has a population of 30,891.	Guanta Municipality	Venezuela
country	Kuklov, (Hungarian: Kukló) is a village and municipality in Senica District in the Trnava Region of western Slovakia.	Kuklov	Slovakia
country	Cape Orange (Portuguese: Cabo Orange) is a cape on the coast of Brazil, separated from the coast of French Guiana by a large bay watered by the estuary of the Oyapock River (Portuguese: Rio Oiapoque).	Cape Orange	Brazil
country	Ise Forest Reserve is found in SW Nigeria, covering 142 km².	Ise Forest Reserve	Nigeria
country	San Chao Rong Thong (ศาลเจ้าโรงทอง) is a sub-district of Ang Thong Province, Thailand, where most inhabitants are of Chinese descent.	San Chao Rong Thong	Thailand
country	Château Pontet-Canet is a winery in the Pauillac appellation of the Bordeaux wine region of France.	Château Pontet-Canet	France
country	Róża Wielka (ˈruʐa ˈvjɛlka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo, within Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Róża Wielka	Poland
country	G.D. Interclube (handball) is a men's handball team competing at the Luanda Provincial Handball Championship and at the Angola National Handball Championship as well as at continental level, at the annual African Handball Champions League competitions.	G.D. Interclube (handball)	Angola
country	Wolbrom (ˈvɔlbrɔm) (German: Wohlborn) is a town in Olkusz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, Poland, with 9,568 inhabitants (2005).	Wolbrom	Poland
country	Ramciel, also spelled Ramchiel or Ramshiel, is a location in Lakes, a state in South Sudan, that will serve as the future site of the national capital.	Ramciel	South Sudan
country	Galominek (ɡalɔˈminɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Galominek	Poland
country	Greater Albion Typefounders is a small, independent digital type foundry based in Perth, Western Australia that creates and markets fonts for personal and commercial use.	Greater Albion Typefounders	Australia
country	Central Frontenac is a township in eastern Ontario, Canada in the County of Frontenac.	Central Frontenac	Canada
country	The Château de Pécany is a castle located in the commune of Pomport, in the Dordogne Valley in France.	Château de Pécany	France
country	Anlu (simplified Chinese: 安陆; traditional Chinese: 安陸; pinyin: ānlù; literally: ``peaceful continent'') is a sub-prefecture-level city in east-central Hubei province, People's Republic of China.	Anlu	People's Republic of China
country	Huangchuan County (simplified Chinese: 潢川县; traditional Chinese: 潢川縣; pinyin: Huángchuān Xiàn; local pronunciation: Huāngchuǎn Xiàn) is a county of southeastern Henan province, People's Republic of China.	Huangchuan County	People's Republic of China
country	Broager (Danish pronunciation: (ˈbʀoaːˀɪ̯ɐ); German: Broacker, South Jutlandic: Braue) is a town with a population of 3,339 (1 January 2014) in Sønderborg Municipality in Region of Southern Denmark in Denmark.	Broager	Denmark
country	Możdżany (mɔʐˈd͡ʐanɨ) (German: Mosdzehnen; 1930-1945: Borkenwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kruklanki, within Giżycko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Możdżany	Poland
country	Dobroslavtsi (Bulgarian: Доброславци, also transcribed as Dobroslavtzi or Dobroslavci) is a village (село) in western Bulgaria, located in the Sofia-city (Sofiya-Grad) Province.	Dobroslavtsi	Bulgaria
country	Ługowice (wuɡɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogielnica, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ługowice	Poland
country	Mayuge Thermal Power Station is a 1.6 megawatt bagasse-fired thermal power plant in Uganda, the third-largest economy in the East African Community.	Mayuge Thermal Power Station	Uganda
country	Brasstronaut is a band from Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, with roots in pop, rock, and jazz.	Brasstronaut	Canada
country	Manado (pronounced (məˈnadu)) is the capital city of the North Sulawesi province of Indonesia.	Manado	Indonesia
country	The Vintgar Gorge (Slovene: soteska Vintgar) or Bled Gorge (Blejski vintgar) is a 1.6-kilometer (0.99 mi) gorge in northwestern Slovenia in the municipalities of Gorje and Bled, four kilometers northwest of Bled.	Vintgar Gorge	Slovenia
country	De Striene was a water channel that ran between the Schelde near Tholen and the Maas rivers in Zeeland in the Netherlands.	Striene	Netherlands
country	The Lagginhorn (4,010 m) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland.	Lagginhorn	Switzerland
country	The Kulekhani Dam is a rock-fill dam on the Kulekhani River near Kulekhani in Makwanpur District of Narayani Zone, Nepal.	Kulekhani Dam	Nepal
country	Petit Lac Saint-François or Lake Tomcod is a polluted lake in Saint-François-Xavier-de-Brompton, Quebec, Canada.	Petit Lac Saint-François	Canada
country	Gaidouras (Greek: Γαϊδουράς, Turkish: Korkuteli) is a village in the Famagusta District of Cyprus, located 17 km west of Famagusta.	Gaidouras	Cyprus
country	Kerkebet, alternatively Carcabat, is a town in Eritrea.	Kerkebet	Eritrea
country	Darreh-ye Darvish Mordeh (Persian: دره درويش مرده‎, also Romanized as Darreh-ye Darvīsh Mordeh; also known as Darvīsh Mordeh) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Darreh-ye Darvish Mordeh	Iran
country	Tatafa is an islet which belongs to ʻUiha island, Tonga.	Tatafa	Tonga
country	Mueang Khong (Thai: เชียงของเมืองคอง) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Chiang Dao District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Mueang Khong	Thailand
country	Koplany (kɔˈplanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Koplany	Poland
country	Batnfjord or Batnfjorden is a fjord in Gjemnes Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Batnfjord	Norway
country	Banten Bay also known as Bantam Bay is a bay in Banten province, near the north west tip of Java, Indonesia.	Banten Bay	Indonesia
country	Tiburón Island (Spanish: Isla del Tiburón or Isla Tiburón) is the largest island in the Gulf of California and the largest island in Mexico, with an area of 464 sq mi (1,200 km2).	Tiburón Island	Mexico
country	Salera Hill is a pilgrimage centre (ziyaret) in Damascus, Syria.	Salera Hill	Syria
country	Pansfelde is a village in the borough of Falkenstein/Harz in the county of Harz in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Pansfelde	Germany
country	Vlachorraptis (Greek: Βλαχορράπτης, also Βλαχορράφτης - Vlachorraftis) is a village in western Arcadia, Greece.	Vlachorraptis	Greece
country	Kornas (Persian: کرناس‎, also Romanized as Kornās; also known as Dasteh Ney) is a village in Mazu Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kornas	Iran
country	Nevernes Church (Norwegian: Nevernes kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county, Norway.	Nevernes Church	Norway
country	Antilhue II Power Plant is an oil-fueled electrical generating station in Antilhue, Los Ríos Region, Chile.	Antilhue II Power Plant	Chile
country	Kolonia Łuszczanowice (kɔˈlɔɲa wuʂt͡ʂanɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kleszczów, within Bełchatów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kolonia Łuszczanowice	Poland
country	Tarom Rural District (Persian: دهستان طارم‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Tarom Rural District	Iran
country	Haleji Sharif is a village in Pano Aqil taluka, Sukkur district in Sindh, Pakistan.	Haleji Sharif	Pakistan
country	Gurak-e Soleymani (Persian: گورك سليماني‎, also Romanized as Gūrak-e Soleymānī) is a village in Delvar Rural District, Delvar District, Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Gurak-e Soleymani	Iran
country	The South Pine River is a minor river located in South East Queensland Australia.	South Pine River	Australia
country	Sint-Oedenrode (Dutch pronunciation: (sɪnt ˈudə(n)roːdə)) is a municipality and a town in the south of the Netherlands.	Sint-Oedenrode	Netherlands
country	Medak Cathedral at Medak in Telangana, India, is the largest church in Telangana and has been the cathedral church of the Diocese of Medak of the Church of South India since 1947.	Medak Cathedral	India
country	Union of Communists of Dahomey (in French: Union des communistes du Dahomey) was a communist political organization in Benin.	Union of Communists of Dahomey	Benin
country	In recent years, the Jalisco state government has promoted this zone as a tourist attraction, grouping all these beaches under the common name of ``Costalegre'', which literally translates as ``Coast of Joy'', but the area has been known as ``The Virgin Coast'' of Mexico for a long time.	Costalegre	Mexico
country	Brezje pri Vinjem Vrhu (pronounced (ˈbɾeːzjɛ pɾi ˈʋiːnjɛm ˈʋəɾxu); German: Bresie) is a settlement in the hills south of Semič in southeastern Slovenia.	Brezje pri Vinjem Vrhu	Slovenia
country	Tham Non is a cave to the north of Vang Vieng, Laos.	Tham Non	Laos
country	Talgje Church (Norwegian: Talgje kirke) is a parish church in Finnøy municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.	Talgje Church	Norway
country	The Lindsay Pryor National Arboretum is an arboretum on the Yarramundi Reach peninsula in Canberra, the capital of Australia.	Lindsay Pryor National Arboretum	Australia
country	Adelaide Metro is the public transport system of Adelaide, the capital city of South Australia.	Adelaide Metro	Australia
country	Smolensk Kremlin (Russian: Смоленский кремль) is a kremlin (a fortress) enclosing the center of the city of Smolensk in western Russia.	Smolensk Kremlin	Russia
country	Kuzeykent is a suburb north of Kastamonu, Turkey.	Kuzeykent	Turkey
country	The Finnish Workers' Sports Federation (Finnish: Suomen Työväen Urheiluliitto, TUL, Swedish: Arbetarnas Idrottsförbund i Finland, AIF) is a Finnish amateur sports organisation, with a strong labour union background.	Finnish Workers' Sports Federation	Finland
country	Sarmal (Persian: سرمل‎; also known as Samal and Sumail) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bushehr County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Sarmal	Iran
country	Mazraeh-ye Falamarz Fuladi (Persian: مزرعه فلامرزفولادي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Falāmarz Fūlādī) is a village in Mobarakabad Rural District, in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Falamarz Fuladi	Iran
country	The Lyreen River (Irish: An Laidhrín) is a small river in County Kildare, Ireland.	Lyreen River	Ireland
country	Tasbapauni is a seacoast hamlet in Nicaragua, 72 kilometres (45 mi) north of Bluefields.	Tasbapauni	Nicaragua
country	Las Anod Hospital is a general hospital in the northern part of the city of Las Anod, situated in the northern Sool region of Somalia.	Las Anod Hospital	Somalia
country	Pâncota (Hungarian: Pankota) is a town in Arad County, western Transylvania, Romania.	Pâncota	Romania
country	Tomb KV8, located in the Valley of the Kings, was used for the burial of Pharaoh Merenptah of Ancient Egypt's Nineteenth Dynasty.	KV8	Egypt
country	Suszec (ˈsuʂɛt͡s) (German Sussetz) is a village in Pszczyna County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Suszec	Poland
country	Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad (JNTU Hyderabad) is a public university, located in Hyderabad, Telangana, India, and one of the India's leading educational university focusing on engineering.	Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University	India
country	Ukhta (Russian: Ухта́; Komi: Уква, Ukva) is an important industrial town in the Komi Republic of Russia.	Ukhta	Russia
country	The College of Agriculture in Gonbad was first established as a junior college in 1985 in the city of Gonbad-e Qabus, Iran.	College of Agriculture in Gonbad	Iran
country	Bystrinsky District (Russian: Быстри́нский райо́н) is an administrative and municipal district (raion) of Kamchatka Krai, Russia, one of the eleven in the krai.	Bystrinsky District	Russia
country	Sankt Thomas is a village in the district Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Sankt Thomas	Germany
country	Məlikəhmədli (also, Melikakhmedli) is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Məlikəhmədli	Azerbaijan
country	The Puracé National Natural Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional Natural Puracé) is a national park located in the Andean Region of Colombia, southeast of the city of Popayán in the Cordillera Central range.	Puracé National Natural Park	Colombia
country	Voorhout (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈvoːrɦʌut)) is a town and former municipality in the western Netherlands, in the province of South Holland.	Voorhout	Netherlands
country	The Stadion an der Gisselberger Straße is a football stadium in the district of Ockershausen in Marburg, Germany.	Stadion an der Gisselberger Straße	Germany
country	Puerto Aguirre is an important inland riverport in Bolivia near the border with Brazil.	Puerto Aguirre	Bolivia
country	Winton Motor Raceway is a motor racing track in Winton, near Benalla, Victoria, Australia.	Winton Motor Raceway	Australia
country	Kuce (ˈkut͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kuce	Poland
country	Palacio de los Gosálvez is a palace in Villalgordo del Júcar in the Province of Albacete, Spain.	Palacio de los Gosálvez	Spain
country	The Advisory Committee on Works of Art is a committee of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom.	Advisory Committee on Works of Art	United Kingdom
country	Hirmand County (Persian: شهرستان هیرمند‎) is a county in Sistan va Baluchestan Province in Iran.	Hirmand County	Iran
country	Moss Jernverk (Moss Ironworks) was an ironwork in Moss, Norway.	Moss Jernverk	Norway
country	Orion Optics is a telescope manufacturer in Crewe, England in the United Kingdom.	Orion Optics	United Kingdom
country	Hăghig (Hungarian: Hídvég, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈhiːdveːɡ)) is a commune in Covasna County, Romania composed of two villages:	Hăghig	Romania
country	Timi (Greek: Τίμη) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 8 km east of Paphos.	Timi	Cyprus
country	Tonson Group is a diversified investment company based in Bangkok, Thailand that is part of the Ratanarak Group.	Tonson Group	Thailand
country	Severní (German: Hilgersdorf) is a settlement in the north of the Czech Republic, in the Šluknov Hook region of Bohemia.	Severní	Czech Republic
country	Kuressaare (Estonian pronunciation: (ˈkuresˑ'sɑːre)), also known as Arensburg, is a town and a municipality on Saaremaa island in Estonia.	Kuressaare	Estonia
country	Triandria (Greek: Τριανδρία) is a suburb of the Thessaloniki Urban Area and was a former municipality in the regional unit of Thessaloniki, Greece.	Triandria	Greece
country	La Marañosa is a locality of Madrid, Spain.	La Marañosa	Spain
country	Siahkalrud (Persian: سياهكلرود‎, also Romanized as Sīāhkalrūd and Seyāhkalarūd; also known as Oţāqvar) is a village in Siahkalrud Rural District, Chaboksar District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Siahkalrud	Iran
country	Ailesbury Road (Bóthar Aelsbaire in Irish), Dublin 4, Ireland, is a tree-lined avenue linking Sydney Parade Station on Sydney Parade Avenue and the Church of the Sacred Heart, Donnybrook.	Ailesbury Road	Ireland
country	Townsville Airport is serviced by major Australian domestic and regional airlines, and in 2011/12 handled 1.7 million passengers making it the 11th busiest airport in Australia.	Townsville Airport	Australia
country	Fyns Amt (English: Funen County) is a former county (Danish, amt) in central Denmark, comprising the islands of Funen, Langeland, Tåsinge, Ærø, and approximately 90 other islands, of which only 25 are inhabited.	Funen County	Denmark
country	Baqerabad-e Kord (Persian: باقرابادكرد‎, also Romanized as Bāqerābād-e Kord; also known as Bāqerābād) is a village in Basharyat-e Sharqi Rural District, Basharyat District, Abyek County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Baqerabad-e Kord	Iran
country	Qamat (Persian: قامت‎, also Romanized as Qāmat) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qamat	Iran
country	Kawartha Lakes This Week is a twice-weekly, community newspaper in Lindsay, Ontario, Canada, that was established in 1977 under the title Lindsay This Week.	Kawartha Lakes This Week	Canada
country	Darreh-ye Harreh (Persian: دره حره‎, also Romanized as Darreh-ye Ḩarreh; also known as Darreh-ye Hūreh) is a village in Dasht-e Laleh Rural District, Asir District, Mohr County, Fars Province, Iran.	Darreh-ye Harreh	Iran
country	The Casa Roig Museum is a historic house museum and gallery in Humacao, Puerto Rico.	Casa Roig Museum	Puerto Rico
country	The Blue Nile Falls is a waterfall on the Blue Nile river in Ethiopia.	Blue Nile Falls	Ethiopia
country	Anzeha (Persian: انزها‎, also Romanized as Anzehā, Anzeh-ha, and Anzhā; also known as Izha) is a village in Hablerud Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzkuh County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Anzeha	Iran
country	DR Byen (literally: DR City) is the headquarters of the Danish national broadcasting corporation (DR), located in Copenhagen, Denmark.	DR Byen	Denmark
country	Rikhak-e Sofla (Persian: ريخك سفلي‎, also Romanized as Rīkhak-e Soflá; also known as Haft Sahmī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sarpol Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Rikhak-e Sofla	Iran
country	Bacha Shah Nagar (Bengali: বাচা শাহ নগর ) is a village of Rangunia Upazila at Chittagong District in the Division of Chittagong, Bangladesh.	Bacha Shah Nagar	Bangladesh
country	The Palazzo dell'Arengario is a Fascist-era complex of two symmetrical buildings in Piazza del Duomo, the central piazza of Milan, Italy.	Palazzo dell'Arengario	Italy
country	Sintashta (Russian: Синташта) is an archaeological site in Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia.	Sintashta	Russia
country	Marciana Marina is a town and comune in the province of Livorno (administrative region of Tuscany, Italy), one of the most important towns of Elba Island.	Marciana Marina	Italy
country	The Hall Mark Stakes is an Australian Turf Club Group 3 Thoroughbred horse race under set weights with penalties conditions for horses three years old and older, held over a distance of 1200 metres at Randwick Racecourse, Sydney, Australia in April.	Hall Mark Stakes	Australia
country	The Little Danube (Slovak: Malý Dunaj, Hungarian: Kis-Duna, German: Kleine Donau) is a branch of the river Danube in Slovakia.	Little Danube	Slovakia
country	Hawijat al-Sallah (Arabic: حويجة السلة‎) is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of the Hama Governorate, located north of Hama.	Hawijat al-Sallah	Syria
country	The St. Aurelie Maine - St. Aurelie Quebec Border Crossing is a border crossing on the Canada-United States border, located 8 miles east of Saint-Prosper, Quebec.	St. Aurelie Maine - St. Aurelie Quebec Border Crossing	Canada
country	The French Institute of Pondicherry (French: Institut Français de Pondichéry) UMIFRE 21 CNRS-MAEE, is a French financially autonomous institution in Puducherry, India, under the joint supervision of the French Ministry of Foreign and European Affairs (MAEE) and the French National Centre for Scientific Research (CNRS).	French Institute of Pondicherry	India
country	Mount Süphan (Turkish: Süphan Dağı, Kurdish: Sîpana Xelatê‎, Armenian: Սիփան, Sipan), is a stratovolcano located in eastern Turkey, immediately north of Lake Van.	Mount Süphan	Turkey
country	Brunnbäck is a small community in Sweden, eight kilometers southeast of Avesta in Dalarna at a crossing of Dalälven.	Brunnbäck	Sweden
country	Kuruburu is a village in Chintamani Taluk in the Chikballapur district in the state of Karnataka, India.	Kuruburu	India
country	Oswaldo Guevara Mujica Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto General de Brigada Oswaldo Guevara Mujica) (IATA: AGV, ICAO: SVAC), is an airport serving Acarigua, a city in the state of Portuguesa in Venezuela.	Oswaldo Guevara Mujica Airport	Venezuela
country	Manama (Arabic: المنامة‎ Al Manāma) is the capital and largest city of Bahrain, with an approximate population of 157,000 people.	Manama	Bahrain
country	Ontinyent (Valencian pronunciation: (ontiˈɲent)) is a municipality in the comarca of Vall d'Albaida in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Ontinyent	Spain
country	The Party for Full Democracy (Luxembourgish: Partei fir Integral Demokratie, French: Parti pour la democratie integrale, German: Partei für Integrale Demokratie), abbreviated to PID, is a political party in Luxembourg.	Party for Full Democracy	Luxembourg
country	Zlatna (German: Schlatten, Goldenmarkt; Hungarian: Zalatna; Latin: Ampellum) is a town in Alba County, central Transylvania, Romania.	Zlatna	Romania
country	Bellary is a historic city in Ballari district in Karnataka state, India.	Bellary	India
country	Kamfers Dam is a privately owned permanent water body of 400 ha, situated to the immediate north of Kimberley, South Africa.	Kamfers Dam	South Africa
country	The Al-Jalila Field is an oil field located offshore of the United Arab Emirates in the Persian Gulf.	Al-Jalila Field	United Arab Emirates
country	Baćkowice (bat͡ɕkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Baćkowice	Poland
country	The Durnholzer See (Italian: Lago di Valdurna; German: Durnholzer See) is a lake in the Sarntal Alps in South Tyrol, Italy.	Durnholzer See	Italy
country	Al-Suwaira (Arabic: الصويرة‎) is city in Al-Suwaira District, Wasit Governorate, Iraq.	Al-Suwaira	Iraq
country	Hôtel Tfeila, formerly the Novotel Tfeila, is a hotel in Nouakchott, Mauritania, located on the Avenue Charles de Gaulle.	Hôtel Tfeila	Mauritania
country	St. Catharines (2011 population 131,400; metropolitan population 392,184) is the largest city in Canada's Niagara Region and the sixth largest urban area in Ontario, with 96.11 square kilometres of land.	St. Catharines	Canada
country	Needham's Point Lighthouse is a lighthouse located in the southwest coast of Barbados.	Needham's Point Lighthouse	Barbados
country	Mandranwala is a village near Daska in Sialkot District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Mandranwala	Pakistan
country	San José de Pare is a town and municipality in Boyacá Department, Colombia, part of the subregion of the Ricaurte Province.	San José de Pare	Colombia
country	Tavildara District or Nohiyai Tavildara (Tajik: Ноҳияи Тавилдара/Persian: ناحیهٔ طویل‌دره‎) is a large eastern district in the Region of Republican Subordination in Tajikistan, extending north of the Darvaz Range that forms the boundary of the Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province (GBAO).	Tavildara District	Tajikistan
country	The Riñihue Lake (Spanish: Lago Riñihue, Spanish pronunciation: (riˈɲiwe) Pronounced: /rinˈjiːwɛ/ REEN-yee-WE) is a lake of glacial origin in eastern Valdivia Province, southern Chile.	Riñihue Lake	Chile
country	Jabłonna-Majątek (jaˈbwɔnna maˈjɔntɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Jabłonna-Majątek	Poland
country	Bahía Tortugas Airfield (IATA: N/A) is a public paved airstrip located North of Bahía Tortugas, Municipality of Mulegé, Baja California Sur, Mexico, a fishing town located on the Pacific Ocean coast.	Bahía Tortugas Airfield	Mexico
country	Juniper Airport (TC LID: CCE3), is a private airfield located 2.5 nautical miles (4.6 km; 2.9 mi) northeast of Juniper, New Brunswick Canada.	Juniper Airport	Canada
country	The Leipziger Volkszeitung or LVZ (German for Leipzig People's Newspaper) is a daily regional newspaper in Leipzig and western Saxony, Germany.	Leipziger Volkszeitung	Germany
country	The Gave d'Ossau is the torrential river flowing through the Ossau Valley, one of the three main valleys of the High-Béarn (Pyrénées-Atlantiques), in the Southwest of France.	Gave d'Ossau	France
country	British College is a Chilean high school located in San Fernando, Colchagua Province, Chile.	British College	Chile
country	Eldgjá (Icelandic pronunciation , English: Fire Canyon) is a volcano and a canyon in Iceland.	Eldgjá	Iceland
country	Neil Road (Chinese: 尼路) is a one-way road in Chinatown and Tanjong Pagar in the planning areas of Outram and Bukit Merah in Singapore.	Neil Road	Singapore
country	Arzantak (Persian: ارزانتاك‎, also Romanized as Arzantāk) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Arzantak	Iran
country	Innellan is a village that lies on the east shore of the Cowal peninsula, on the Firth of Clyde, 4 miles south of the town of Dunoon in Scotland, United Kingdom.	Innellan	United Kingdom
country	Vardetangen is a point in Austrheim municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Vardetangen	Norway
country	The Eucla Basin is an artesian depression located in Western Australia and South Australia.	Eucla Basin	Australia
country	Emirates International School (Arabic: مدرسة الإمارات الدولیة‎) is a private international school system in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Emirates International School	United Arab Emirates
country	Petrovaradin Fortress (Serbian: Петроварадинска тврђава or Petrovaradinska tvrđava, pronounced (pɛtrɔv̞arǎdiːnskaː tv̞ř̩dʑav̞a), Hungarian: Péterváradi vár, German: Peterwardein) is a fortress in Novi Sad, Serbia.	Petrovaradin Fortress	Serbia
country	Karkaj (Persian: كركج‎; also known as Gargaj, Karga, Kargaj, Kargeh, and Kiarga) is a village in Meydan Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Tabriz County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Karkaj	Iran
country	The Daughters of the Holy Heart of Mary (French: Filles du Saint-Cœur de Marie) is a Roman Catholic religious institute, founded in Senegal on May 24, 1858 by Aloyse Kobès.	Daughters of the Holy Heart of Mary	Senegal
country	Benipatti is a subdivision (Anumandal in Hindi) in Madhubani district of Bihar, India.	Benipatti	India
country	Agatu is a Local Government Area of Benue State, Nigeria created in 1996.	Agatu	Nigeria
country	Mukhtolovo (Russian: Мухтолово) is an urban locality (a work settlement) in Ardatovsky District of Nizhny Novgorod Oblast, Russia, located 165 kilometers (103 mi) southwest of Nizhny Novgorod.	Mukhtolovo	Russia
country	Bitovik (Serbian Cyrillic: Битовик) is a mountain in southwestern Serbia, above the town of Prijepolje.	Bitovik	Serbia
country	Mortzwiller (German: Morzweiler) is a former commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Mortzwiller	France
country	La Spezia Cathedral (Italian: Duomo della Spezia; Cattedrale di Cristo Re; ``Cathedral of Christ King'') is a Roman Catholic cathedral in La Spezia, Italy.	La Spezia Cathedral	Italy
country	Instituto Regional Federico Errázuriz (Federico Errázuriz Regional Institute, in Spanish), also known as President Errázuriz Regional Institute or I.R.F.E., is a primary and secondary school in Santa Cruz, O'Higgins Region, Chile.	Instituto Regional Federico Errázuriz	Chile
country	Clervaux Castle (Luxembourgish: Schlass Klierf, German: Schloss Clerf, French: Château de Clervaux) in the town of Clervaux in northern Luxembourg dates back to the 12th century.	Clervaux Castle	Luxembourg
country	Oilouch is an island in the Rock Islands of Palau.	Oilouch	Palau
country	Tanjung Puting National Park is a national park in Indonesia located in the southeast part of West Kotawaringin Regency in the Indonesian province of Central Kalimantan (Central Borneo).	Tanjung Puting	Indonesia
country	San Miguel Petapa (Spanish pronunciation: (san miˈɣel peˈtapa)) is a municipality in the Guatemala department of Guatemala, located south of Guatemala City.	San Miguel Petapa	Guatemala
country	The Château de Montbéliard (Castle of Montbeliard), also known as the Château des ducs de Württemberg (Castle of the Dukes of Württemberg) is a fortress located on an outcropping rock that surveys the town of Montbéliard in the Doubs département of France.	Château de Montbéliard	France
country	Drlače (Serbian Cyrillic: Дрлаче) is a village in Serbia.	Drlače	Serbia
country	Raziyələr (also, Rəzələr and Razalyar) is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Raziyələr	Azerbaijan
country	Bandırma (from Greek: Πάνορμος, Panormos) is a city in northwestern Turkey with 143,000 inhabitants (2012 estimate) on the Sea of Marmara.	Bandırma	Turkey
country	Kitimat is a district municipality in the North Coast region of British Columbia, Canada.	Kitimat	Canada
country	Bystre-Chrzany (ˈbɨstrɛ ˈxʂanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bystre-Chrzany	Poland
country	Thaur is a municipality in the district of Innsbruck-Land in the Austrian state of Tyrol located 5 km east of Innsbruck between Rum, Austria and Hall in Tirol.	Thaur	Austria
country	Kula Eco Park is an ecological preserve in Fiji.	Kula Eco Park	Fiji
country	Khartoum American School, founded in 1957, is an international school in Khartoum, Sudan that teaches an American/international curriculum.	Khartoum American School	Sudan
country	Electro Quarterstaff is an instrumental metal band hailing from Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	Electro Quarterstaff	Canada
country	Marist Sisters' College, Woolwich is a systemic Roman Catholic secondary school for girls, located in Woolwich, a Lower North Shore suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Marist Sisters' College, Woolwich	Australia
country	Sing Buri (Thai pronunciation: (sǐŋ būrīː)) is a town (thesaban mueang) in Thailand, capital of the Sing Buri Province.	Sing Buri	Thailand
country	Nowoberezowo (nɔvɔbɛrɛˈzɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hajnówka, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Nowoberezowo	Poland
country	Lanneuffret (Breton: Lanneured) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.	Lanneuffret	France
country	Lauca National Park is located in Chile's far north, in the Andean range.	Lauca National Park	Chile
country	Newpark Comprehensive School (Irish: Scoil Chuimsitheach na Páirce Nua) is a Protestant, non-fee paying, co-educational comprehensive secondary school under Church of Ireland management, situated on Newtown Park Avenue in Blackrock, County Dublin, Ireland.	Newpark Comprehensive School	Ireland
country	The Sicilian Alliance (it.: Alleanza Siciliana; sic.: Allianza Siciliana) is a minor autonomist and national-conservative political party in Sicily, Italy.	Sicilian Alliance	Italy
country	Steinhovden is a village with 119 inhabitants in the municipality of Flora in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Steinhovden	Norway
country	Nitzan Bet (Hebrew: ניצן ב'‎) is a community settlement in southern Israel.	Nitzan Bet	Israel
country	Nova Civitas website Nova Civitas was founded in 1992 in the tradition of the Belgian 1980s Ludwig Von Mises Institute as a new political club to support the rebirth of a strong liberal movement in Belgium dominated by the VLD in Flanders and the Liberal Reformist Party in Wallonia.	Nova Civitas	Belgium
country	Narkuiyeh (Persian: ناركوئيه‎, also Romanized as Nārkū’īyeh) is a village in Khabar Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Narkuiyeh	Iran
country	Vạn Hạnh Zen Temple is a Zen Buddhist temple in Ho Chi Minh City, the largest city in Vietnam.	Vạn Hạnh Zen Temple	Vietnam
country	Goświnowice (ɡɔɕfinɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nysa, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Goświnowice	Poland
country	Surgut (Russian: Сургут; IPA: (sʊrˈgut)) is a city in Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug, Russia, located on the Ob River near its junction with the Irtysh River.	Surgut	Russia
country	Shri Dev Koleshwar is an ancient Shri Dattaguru Temple located at Kolthare, a village from Dapoli Taluka of Ratnagiri District from Maharashtra state in India.	Koleshwar	India
country	The Forest Railway Welschbruch (French: Le chemin de fer forestier de la forêt de Barr, German: Waldeisenbahn Welschbruch) was a narrow gauge forest railway near Barr in the Bas-Rhin department of France.	Forest Railway Welschbruch	France
country	Bergsfjord Church (Norwegian: Bergsfjord kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Loppa in Finnmark county, Norway.	Bergsfjord Church	Norway
country	Nanyangachor (or Nanyang'achor) is a community in Eastern Equatoria state of South Sudan.	Nanyangachor	South Sudan
country	Jandin (Persian: جندين‎, also Romanized as Jandīn) is a village in Miandorud-e Kuchak Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Jandin	Iran
country	Kuhsenjan (Persian: كوه سنجان‎, also Romanized as Kūhsenjān) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kuhsenjan	Iran
country	Örkény is a small town in Pest county, Hungary, 50 km (31 mi) south of Budapest.	Örkény	Hungary
country	Kulob Airport or Kulyab Airport (IATA: TJU, ICAO: UTDK) is an airport serving Kulob (also spelled Kulyab), a city in the Khatlon province in Tajikistan.	Kulob Airport	Tajikistan
country	Football Club Shakhter (Kazakh: ``Шахтер'' футбол клубы), commonly referred to as FC Shakhter Karagandy (Kazakh: Қарағанды/Qarağandı (qɑɾɑˈʁɑndə)), is a professional football club based in Karagandy, Kazakhstan.	FC Shakhter Karagandy	Kazakhstan
country	Zarzar (Persian: زرزر‎; also known as Raz Zarzar) is a village in Sojas Rud Rural District, Sojas Rud District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Zarzar	Iran
country	Qeshlaq-e Pasha (Persian: قشلاق پاشا‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Pāshā; also known as Kūhel Qeshlāq and Kūyl Qeshlāqī) is a village in Anjirlu Rural District, in the Central District of Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Pasha	Iran
country	Gord Rudbar (Persian: گردرودبار‎, also Romanized as Gord Rūdbār and Gerd Rūdbār; also known as Kord Rūdbār) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Gord Rudbar	Iran
country	Tihoubar or Aïne Tihoubar is a settlement and hot spring of 45 degrees Celsius in the Sahara Desert of eastern Algeria, Illizi Province.	Tihoubar	Algeria
country	The Northern Red Sea Region of Eritrea is one of the country's six regions.	Northern Red Sea Region	Eritrea
country	Zarneh (Persian: زرنه‎; also known as Kāni Zarnah, Kanī Razneh, and Zarrīneh) is a city in and capital of Zarneh District, in Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Zarneh	Iran
country	Colville Lake Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CED7), is located just west of Colville Lake, Northwest Territories, Canada and may be used for ski equipped aircraft in the winter months.	Colville Lake Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Net Park is a 48-story green and sustainable corporate tower located in Bonifacio Global City, Metro Manila, Philippines.	Net Park	Philippines
country	Góry Opolskie (ˈɡurɨ ɔˈpɔlskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Góry Opolskie	Poland
country	Kod Rud-e Yek (Persian: كدرود1‎, also Romanized as Kod Rūd-e Yek; also known as Kod Rūd, Kodrūt, and Kūh-e Do Rūd) is a village in Anduhjerd Rural District, Shahdad District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kod Rud-e Yek	Iran
country	Punta Pariñas is the westernmost point in mainland South America, located at 04°40′45``S 81°19′35''W. Punta Pariñas is in Peru, in the La Brea District, Talara Province, Piura Region.	Punta Pariñas	Peru
country	The Lakes of Covadonga (el. 1134 m.) are composed of two glacial lakes located on the region of Asturias, Spain.	Lakes of Covadonga	Spain
country	The Val Bregaglia (Lombard: Val Bargaja, German: das Bergell, Romansh: Val Bregaglia ) is an alpine valley of Switzerland and Italy at the base of which runs the river Mera (Lombard: Maira in Switzerland).	Val Bregaglia	Switzerland
country	Jebel Yagour (French: Plateau du Yagour) is a mountain in the Atlas Mountains of Morocco located to the south of Marrakesh.	Jebel Yagour	Morocco
country	Leith Valley is a suburb, valley, and general area of the New Zealand city of Dunedin, located to the northwest of the city centre.	Leith Valley	New Zealand
country	Cayetano Heredia University (Spanish: Universidad Peruana Cayetano Heredia, UPCH; or simply Cayetano Heredia) is a private university located in Lima, Peru.	Cayetano Heredia University	Peru
country	Partizánske (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈpartɪzaːnskɛ), meaning approximately partisan town, formerly: Baťovany; Hungarian: Simony, pronounced (ˈʃimoɲ)) is a town in Trenčín Region, Slovakia.	Partizánske	Slovakia
country	The City Hall of Tilburg or Palace-Council House (Dutch: Paleis-Raadhuis) is a former royal palace and presently a part of Tilburg city hall in the Netherlands.	City Hall of Tilburg	Netherlands
country	Manambotra Sud (Manambotra Atsimo) is a town and commune in Madagascar.	Manambotra Sud	Madagascar
country	Ghonchi District or Nohiya-i Ghonchi (Tajik: Ноҳияи Ғончӣ; Persian: ناحیه غانچی‎; Russian: Ганчи), also Ganchi District, is a district in the center of Sughd province, Tajikistan, located south of the provincial capital Khujand and bordering on Kyrgyzstan to the east.	Ghonchi District	Tajikistan
country	Nur (Rawalpindi) railway station (Urdu: نور(راولپنڈی) ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Nur, Rawalpindi city, Rawalpindi district of Punjab province of the Pakistan.	Nur (Rawalpindi) railway station	Pakistan
country	Mazraeh-ye Khureh Zardi (Persian: مزرعه خوره زردي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Khūreh Zardī) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District, Kuzaran District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 40, in 6 families.	Mazraeh-ye Khureh Zardi	Iran
country	Tensta Church (Swedish: Tensta kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church in the Archdiocese of Uppsala in Uppsala County, Sweden.	Tensta Church	Sweden
country	The Al-Kafaàt University (AKU) (Arabic: جامعة الكفاءات‎) is a private, independent university established in Beirut, Lebanon.	Al-Kafaàt University	Lebanon
country	Edjeleh is a village in the commune of In Amenas, in In Amenas District, Illizi Province, Algeria, located near the border with Libya.	Edjeleh	Algeria
country	Triunfo Potiguar is a municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Norte in the Northeast region of Brazil.	Triunfo Potiguar	Brazil
country	Wola Przedmiejska (ˈvɔla pʂɛdˈmjɛi̯ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uniejów, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Przedmiejska	Poland
country	Stangeland is a borough of the city of Sandnes, Norway.	Stangeland	Norway
country	TransBunbury is the public bus transportation system in Bunbury, Western Australia, consisting of 10 public routes as well as 30 school routes.	TransBunbury	Australia
country	During the First World War South African troops conquered the German colony of South West Africa in 1915, and took control of Ovamboland in 1917, though it still lay outside the ``police zone''.	Ovamboland	South West Africa
country	Jaisalmer TV Tower is one of the tallest structures in India, located at Jaisalmer.	Jaisalmer TV Tower	India
country	Lac-Édouard railway station is an unmanned Via Rail shelter (request stop) in the village of Lac-Édouard, Quebec, Canada.	Lac-Édouard railway station	Canada
country	Las Bambas copper mine is a large project located in Apurímac, Peru.	Las Bambas copper mine	Peru
country	Mirca (population 327) is a town one the north side of the island of Brač in Croatia.	Mirca	Croatia
country	Myrens Verksted is an industrial area in Norway on the east side of the Akerselva river, situated between the bridges Bentsebrua and Vøyenbrua in the southwest part of Torshov, in what is today the Sagene Borough of Oslo.	Myrens Verksted	Norway
country	Podčetrtek (German: Windisch Landsberg) is a settlement and a municipality in eastern Slovenia.	Podčetrtek	Slovenia
country	Loka pri Dobrni (pronounced (ˈloːka pɾi ˈdoːbəɾni)) is a small dispersed settlement in the hills northwest of Dobrna in Slovenia.	Loka pri Dobrni	Slovenia
country	Gondar or Gonder (Amharic: ጎንደር?, Gonder or Gondär; formerly ጐንደር, Gʷandar or Gʷender) is a city and separate woreda in Ethiopia.	Gondar	Ethiopia
country	Kirzhach (Russian: Киржа́ч) is a town and the administrative center of Kirzhachsky District in Vladimir Oblast, Russia, located on the Kirzhach River in the west of the oblast, 125 kilometers (78 mi) west of Vladimir and 29 kilometers (18 mi) south of Alexandrov.	Kirzhach	Russia
country	Oyarifa is a town in the Ga East Municipal district, a district in the Greater Accra Region of Ghana.	Oyarifa	Ghana
country	Złotoryja (zwɔtɔˈrɨja) (German: Goldberg, Latin: Aureus Mons, Aurum) is a town in Lower Silesian Voivodeship of southwestern Poland.	Złotoryja	Poland
country	Journalists for Human Rights (JHR) is an international media development charity and non-governmental organization based in Toronto, Canada.	Journalists for Human Rights	Canada
country	The Gotland Museum (Swedish: Gotlands museum) (previously known as Länsmuseet på Gotland or Gotlands Fornsal) in Visby, Sweden, is the county museum of Gotland.	Gotland Museum	Sweden
country	Mangere Island is part of the Chatham Islands archipelago, located about 800 kilometres (500 mi) east of New Zealand's South Island and has an area of 113 hectares (279 acres).	Mangere Island	New Zealand
country	St Patrick's Island (Irish: Inis Pádraig, meaning ``St Patrick's Island'') is the most distant of three low-lying uninhabited islets off the headland of Skerries, County Dublin in Ireland.	St Patrick's Island	Ireland
country	Tarapoa Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Tarapoa) (IATA: TPC, ICAO: SETR) is an airport serving Tarapoa, a city in the province of Sucumbíos in Ecuador.	Tarapoa Airport	Ecuador
country	Tolombeh-ye Babai (Persian: تلمبه بابائي‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Bābā’ī) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Farsangi Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Babai	Iran
country	Ableton's office is located in the Mitte district of Berlin, Germany with a second office in Pasadena, California.	Ableton	Germany
country	The Pantanos de Centla is a tropical moist forest ecoregion in southern Mexico, which includes seasonally flooded forests and wetlands.	Pantanos de Centla	Mexico
country	The Angliss International Hotel School (AIHS) is a university-level provider of hotel management education, located in Canberra, Australia's Capital.	Angliss International Hotel School	Australia
country	The State Coal Mine, also known as State Coal Mine Heritage Area, is a former 20th century state-owned black coal mine located in Wonthaggi, Victoria, Australia.	State Coal Mine	Australia
country	Al Baraha (Arabic: البراحة‎) is a locality in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE).	Al Baraha	United Arab Emirates
country	Sabzevar Airport (Persian: فرودگاه سبزوار‎‎) (IATA: AFZ, ICAO: OIMS) is an airport in Sabzevar, Iran.	Sabzevar Airport	Iran
country	The Baghdadi Museum (Arabic: المتحف البغدادي) is a local history museum located in and about the capital city of Baghdad, Iraq.	Baghdadi Museum	Iraq
country	Al-Bukamal District (Arabic: منطقة البوكمال, translit.: manṭiqat Albū Kamāl) is a district of the Deir ez-Zor Governorate in Northeastern Syria.	Al-Bukamal District	Syria
country	La Vall de Núria (Catalan pronunciation: (ɫə ˈβaʎ də ˈnuɾiə), ``The Valley of Núria'') is a south-opening valley coming down from the crest of the Pyrenees within the municipality of Queralbs, province of Girona, community of Catalonia, Spain.	Vall de Núria	Spain
country	Chachersk (Belarusian: Чачэрск, (tʂaˈtʂɛrsk), Russian: Чечерск, Polish: Czeczersk) is a city in the Gomel Region of Belarus, an administrative center of the Chachersk district.	Chachersk	Belarus
country	Aviatsionnaya Ispitatelnaya Stantsiya was a naval air test station in Russia during World War I notable for designing and producing several aircraft designs.	Aviatsionnaya Ispitatelnaya Stantsiya	Russia
country	Suryanar Kovil (also called Suryanar Temple) is a Hindu temple dedicated to the deity Hindu Sun-God, located in Suryanar Kovil, a village near the South Indian own of Kumbakonam in Tamil Nadu, India.	Suryanar Kovil	India
country	The Tour of Szeklerland is an European cycling stage race held in Romania.	Tour of Szeklerland	Romania
country	Ilirska Bistrica railway station (Slovene: Železniška postaja Ilirska Bistrica) serves the nearby village of Ilirska Bistrica, Slovenia.	Ilirska Bistrica railway station	Slovenia
country	Gorno Dupeni (Macedonian: Горно Дупени) is a village in the Resen Municipality of Macedonia, north of Lake Prespa.	Gorno Dupeni	Macedonia
country	The Norstedt Building (Swedish: Norstedtshuset) is the main office of P.A. Norstedt & Söner AB on Riddarholmen in Stockholm, Sweden.	Norstedt Building	Sweden
country	Alliston Airport, (TC LID: CNY4), is located 1.3 nautical miles (2.4 km; 1.5 mi) northeast of Alliston, Ontario, Canada.	Alliston Airport	Canada
country	The Pyramid of Djedefre consists today mostly of ruins located at Abu Rawash in Egypt.	Pyramid of Djedefre	Egypt
country	Afghan National Civil Order Police (ANCOP) is a special police unit developed in July 2006 by Colonel Jack Stankiewicz, US Army, Police Reformation Directorate, CSTC-A of the law enforcement agency in Afghanistan.	Afghan National Civil Order Police	Afghanistan
country	Wansuqucha (Quechua qucha lake, hispanicized spellings Huanzoccocha, Huanzococha, also Wansuqocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Arequipa Region, La Unión Province, Huaynacotas District.	Wansuqucha	Peru
country	Berat Castle (Albanian: Kalaja e Beratit) is a fortress overlooking the town of Berat, Albania.	Berat Castle	Albania
country	The Castle of Alcoutim (Portuguese: Castelo de Alcoutim) is a medieval castle in the civil parish of Alcoutim, in the municipality of the same name, in the southeastern Algarve of Portugal.	Castle of Alcoutim	Portugal
country	Lake Tulos (Russian: Тулос, Finnish: Tuulijärvi) is a large freshwater lake in the Republic of Karelia, Russia, near Finnish border.	Lake Tulos	Russia
country	Yaoundé Nsimalen International Airport (French: Aéroport international de Yaoundé-Nsimalen) (IATA: NSI, ICAO: FKYS), also known as Nsimalen airport, is the second busiest and largest public airport in Cameroon.	Yaoundé Nsimalen International Airport	Cameroon
country	Pawon (known locally as Candi Pawon) is a Buddhist temple in Central Java, Indonesia.	Pawon	Indonesia
country	Helvecia is a town (comuna) in the center-east of the province of Santa Fe, Argentina, on the San Javier River (which empties promptly into the Paraná River).	Helvecia	Argentina
country	Mont des Alouettes is a hill near Les Herbiers in Vendée, France.	Mont des Alouettes	France
country	Devi Balika Vidyalaya is a public national girls'' school in Colombo, Sri Lanka.	Devi Balika Vidyalaya	Sri Lanka
country	Khvajeh Bolaghi (Persian: خواجه بلاغي‎, also Romanized as Khvājeh Bolāghī; also known as Khājeh Bolāgh and Khvājeh Bolāgh) is a village in Arshaq Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Khvajeh Bolaghi	Iran
country	Shetou Station (Chinese: 社頭車站; pinyin: Shètóu Chēzhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line located in Shetou Township, Changhua County, Taiwan.	Shetou Station	Taiwan
country	Dessau is a city in Germany on the junction of the rivers Mulde and Elbe, in the Bundesland (Federal State) of Saxony-Anhalt.	Dessau	Germany
country	Jurbarkas ( pronunciation , known also by several alternative names) is a city in Tauragė County, Lithuania.	Jurbarkas	Lithuania
country	The Château de Termes is a ruined castle near the village of Termes in the Aude département of France.	Château de Termes	France
country	Bronte Creek is a waterway in the Lake Ontario watershed of Ontario Canada.	Bronte Creek	Canada
country	Kolakovići (Serbian Cyrillic: Колаковићи) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kolakovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Mathiatis (Greek: Μαθιάτης (locally (maˈθcatis)); Turkish: Matiyat) is village located in the Nicosia District of Cyprus.	Mathiatis	Cyprus
country	Inver (Irish: Inbhear, meaning ``estuary'') is a village in County Donegal, Ireland.	Inver	Ireland
country	The National Dong Hwa University (NDHU; Chinese: 國立東華大學) is a comprehensive public institution of higher learning in Hualien County, Taiwan.	National Dong Hwa University	Taiwan
country	Štip (Macedonian: Штип (ʃtip)) is the largest urban agglomeration in the eastern part of the Republic of Macedonia, serving as the economic, industrial, entertainment and educational focal point for the surrounding municipalities.	Štip	Macedonia
country	Viseu Cathedral is the bishopric seat of the city of Viseu, in Portugal.	Viseu Cathedral	Portugal
country	Kamloops North railway station is on the Canadian National Railway mainline in Kamloops, British Columbia, Canada, at the Canadian National Railway Yards.	Kamloops North railway station	Canada
country	Marinkovci (Cyrillic: Маринковци) is a village in the municipality of Bosansko Grahovo, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Marinkovci	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Catholic University of Mechelen (Latin: Universitas catholica Belgii) was a university that was founded in Mechelen (French: Malines), Belgium, on November 8, 1834 by the bishops of Belgium.	Catholic University of Mechelen	Belgium
country	The Bașburun River is a river in Romania, tributary of the Măcin Branch of the Danube.	Bașburun River	Romania
country	The Lao People's Armed Forces is the name of the armed forces of Laos, who are charged with protecting the country.	Lao People's Armed Forces	Laos
country	Monte Real is a town (vila in Portuguese) and a former civil parish in the municipality of Leiria, Portugal.	Monte Real	Portugal
country	Ontario Shores Centre for Mental Health Sciences (Ontario Shores), commonly referred to as ``Whitby Psych'' is a public hospital located in Whitby, Ontario, Canada, providing a range of specialized assessment and treatment services to those living with complex and serious mental illness.	Ontario Shores Centre for Mental Health Sciences	Canada
country	Koreh Band (Persian: كره بند‎, also Romanized as Korreh Band; also known as Karaband, Khowreh Band, and Kurreh Band) is a village in Angali Rural District, in the Central District of Bushehr County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Koreh Band	Iran
country	Nampo Stadium (Chosŏn'gŭl: 남포경기장; Hanja:南浦競技場 ) is a multi-purpose stadium in Nampo, North Korea.	Nampo Stadium	North Korea
country	The Central Gardens Nature Reserve, also called the Central Gardens, is a protected nature reserve located in the western suburbs of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Central Gardens Nature Reserve	Australia
country	Ethamukkala is a village in Kothapatnam mandal, located in Prakasam district of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Ethamukkala	India
country	The County of Two Hills No. 21 is a municipal district in east-central Alberta, Canada.	County of Two Hills No. 21	Canada
country	Chanéaz is a former municipality in the district of Jura-Nord Vaudois of the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.	Chanéaz	Switzerland
country	Garuk Dam is a proposed dam located on Garuk River, 47 km south east of Kharan District in Balochistan, Pakistan.	Garuk Dam	Pakistan
country	World Festival of Animated Film Zagreb (Croatian: Svjetski festival animiranog filma), also known as Animafest Zagreb, is a film festival entirely dedicated to animated film held annually in Zagreb, Croatia.	Animafest Zagreb	Croatia
country	Chitti Mitti (White Clay) is a small village in the Bandala Valley in the region of Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.	Chitti Mitti	Pakistan
country	Aldeia de Santa Margarida is a parish (freguesia) in the municipality of Idanha-a-Nova in Portugal.	Aldeia de Santa Margarida	Portugal
country	Mjølvik is a small isolated coastal hamlet in Tromsø, Troms county in Northern Norway.	Mjølvik	Norway
country	The University of Augsburg (German: Universität Augsburg) is a university located in the Universitätsviertel section of Augsburg, Germany.	University of Augsburg	Germany
country	Bota Sot (English: World Today) is a daily newspaper from Kosovo, originally published by members of the Kosovo diaspora in Switzerland.	Bota Sot	Switzerland
country	Ambanja (amˈbandzə̥) is a city and commune in northern Madagascar.	Ambanja	Madagascar
country	Until the East India Company rule, the Kumbh Melas were managed by the akharas (sects) of religious ascetics known as the sadhus.	Kumbh Mela	India
country	Ludvika Town Hall (Swedish: Ludvika stadshus) is the official Municipal Council building for the City of Ludvika in Dalarna County, Sweden.	Ludvika Town Hall	Sweden
country	Gelvard-e Bozorg (Persian: گلوردبزرگ‎, also Romanized as Gelvard-e Bozorg; also known as Gīlavard Bozorg, and Gīlavard-e Bozorg) is a village in Peyrajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Gelvard-e Bozorg	Iran
country	The Communities Liaison Committee (CLC) was established in 1949 by the British rulers of Malaysia, comprising the top echelon of Malayan politicians from different communities, to address sensitive issues, especially those related to ethnicity.	Communities Liaison Committee	Malaysia
country	Poděbrady (Czech pronunciation: (ˈpoɟɛbradɪ); German: Podiebrad) is a historical spa town in the Central Bohemian Region, Czech Republic.	Poděbrady	Czech Republic
country	The Comoé National Park is a Biosphere Reserve and UNESCO World Heritage Site in the Zanzan and Savanes Districts of north-eastern Ivory Coast.	Comoé National Park	Ivory Coast
country	Vilakkottur is a small village in Kannur district of Kerala, India.	Vilakkottur	India
country	Sasmaka Manor (Latvian: Sasmakas muižas pils) is a manor house located in a park near Lake Sasmaka west coast, near Valdemārpils, Talsi municipality, in the historical region of Courland, western Latvia.	Sasmaka Manor	Latvia
country	Vouziers (French pronunciation: ​(vu.zje)) is a commune of the Ardennes department in northern France.	Vouziers	France
country	Noirmoutier-en-l'Île, commonly referred to as Noirmoutier, is a commune located in the northern part of the island of Noirmoutier, just off the coast of the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.	Noirmoutier-en-l'Île	France
country	Pegeia (also spelt Peyia; Greek: Πέγεια) is a town in the Paphos District of Cyprus.	Pegeia	Cyprus
country	Fort Beauséjour (French pronunciation: ​(fɔʁ boseˈʒuːʁ)) was a large five-star fort on the Isthmus of Chignecto, a neck of land connecting present-day New Brunswick with Nova Scotia, Canada.	Fort Beauséjour	Canada
country	CFVP is the full-time shortwave rebroadcaster of CKMX in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	CFVP	Canada
country	Nedelino (Bulgarian Cyrillic: Неделино) is a town and municipality in the Rhodope Mountains of the Smolyan Province, southern Bulgaria.	Nedelino	Bulgaria
country	HNoMS King Haakon VII, was a Royal Norwegian Navy escort ship during World War II, named after King Haakon VII of Norway.	HNoMS King Haakon VII	Norway
country	Baron Cozens-Hardy, of Letheringsett in the County of Norfolk, was a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.	Baron Cozens-Hardy	United Kingdom
country	Stenje (Macedonian: Стење) is a village in the Resen Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia.	Stenje	Macedonia
country	Moharam Bek (Arabic: محرم بيه‎) is a neighborhood in Alexandria, Egypt.	Moharam Bek	Egypt
country	Broek op Langedijk (West Frisian: Broek op Lengedìk) is a town in the Netherlands, located in the municipality of Langedijk in the province of North Holland.	Broek op Langedijk	Netherlands
country	Donets originates in the Central Russian Upland, north of Belgorod, flows south-east through Ukraine (Kharkiv, Donetsk and Luhansk Oblasts) and then again through Russia (Rostov Oblast) to join the Don River, about 100 km (62 mi) from the Sea of Azov.	Donets	Russia
country	Újfehértó (Yiddish, German: Ratzfert) is a small town in Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg county, in the Northern Great Plain region of eastern Hungary.	Újfehértó	Hungary
country	The Monte Mutria is a mountain in the Matese mountain range, part of the central-southern Apennines, southern Italy.	Monte Mutria	Italy
country	Aniezo is a hamlet in the municipality of Cabezón de Liébana, (Cantabria, Spain).	Aniezo	Spain
country	Salakas (Polish: Sołoki) is a town in northeastern Lithuania.	Salakas	Lithuania
country	Sinjajevina (pronounced (sǐɲajɛʋina); also known as Sinjavina, (sǐɲaːʋina)) is a mountain in northern Montenegro.	Sinjajevina	Montenegro
country	Bernsbach is a village and a former municipality in the district of Erzgebirgskreis in Saxony in Germany that together with its constituent community of Oberpfannenstiel has roughly 4,700 inhabitants.	Bernsbach	Germany
country	Laufenthal is a village in the Upper Palatinate (Bavaria, Germany), belonging to the administrative district (Landkreis) of Regensburg and the market town of Hemau.	Laufenthal	Germany
country	Toniná is located at an altitude of 800 to 900 metres (2,600 to 3,000 ft) above mean sea level in the Chiapas highlands of southern Mexico, some 40 miles (64 km) south of the contemporary Maya city of Palenque, Toniná's greatest rival throughout its recorded history.	Toniná	Mexico
country	The Vingtaine du Rouge Bouillon is one of the six vingtaines of St. Helier Parish in the Channel Island of Jersey.	Vingtaine du Rouge Bouillon	Jersey
country	Lake Galvė is a lake in Trakai Lithuania.	Lake Galvė	Lithuania
country	Kalutara (Sinhalese: කළුතර, Tamil: களுத்துறை) or Kalutota is a large town in Kalutara District, Western Province, Sri Lanka.	Kalutara	Sri Lanka
country	Estagel (Catalan: Estagell) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.	Estagel	France
country	Sapporo City Transportation Bureau (札幌市交通局, Sapporo-shi Kōtsū-kyoku) is a public organization of transportation in Sapporo, Japan.	Sapporo City Transportation Bureau	Japan
country	Sivens Dam, (Barrage de Sivens), is a dam which, as of 2014, is under construction across the River Tescou, a tributary of the River Tarn in the basin of the Garonne in Southern France.	Sivens Dam	France
country	Fore Abbey (Irish: Mainistir Fhobhair) is the old Benedictine Abbey ruin, situated to the north of Lough Lene in County Westmeath, Ireland.	Fore Abbey	Ireland
country	Beur Central Jail is the main prison of Bihar state of India and is located in Patna.	Beur Central Jail	India
country	The Chedi Muscat is a luxury 5-star hotel and restaurant in Al Azaiba in northwest Muscat, Oman, set on a private beach.	The Chedi Muscat	Oman
country	Chaddesden, also known locally as Chad, is a large residential suburb of Derby, United Kingdom.	Chaddesden	United Kingdom
country	Odletajka (ɔdlɛˈtai̯ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Odletajka	Poland
country	Przyczyna Górna (pʂɨˈt͡ʂɨna ˈɡurna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wschowa, within Wschowa County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Przyczyna Górna	Poland
country	Nossombougou is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Kolokani in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali.	Nossombougou	Mali
country	Kalše (pronounced (ˈkaːlʃɛ)) is a dispersed settlement in the Pohorje Hills north of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia.	Kalše	Slovenia
country	Bastudalen Nature Reserve (Swedish: Bastudalens naturreservat) is a nature reserve in Jämtland County in Sweden.	Bastudalen Nature Reserve	Sweden
country	Mount Makiling, or Mount Maquiling, is a dormant volcano in Laguna province on the island of Luzon, Philippines.	Mount Makiling	Philippines
country	Marqesheh (Persian: مرقشه‎, also Romanized as Mārqesheh) is a village in Churs Rural District, in the Central District of Chaypareh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Marqesheh	Iran
country	Kargabad (Persian: كرگ آباد‎, also Romanized as Kargābād; also known as Gurgābād and Karkābād) is a village in Quri Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Dehgolan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kargabad	Iran
country	Ch'aqu (Quechua for a fine, whitish, edible and medicinal kind of clay, hispanicized spelling Chajo) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 5,000 metres (16,404 ft) high.	Ch'aqu	Peru
country	Gateh-ye Now (Persian: گته نو‎) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Gharbi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Gateh-ye Now	Iran
country	Nahanni Butte (/nəˈhæniːˈbjuːt/ nə-HA-nee-BYOOT) (Slavey language: Tthenáágó ``strong rock'') is a ``Designated Authority'' in the Dehcho Region of the Northwest Territories, Canada.	Nahanni Butte	Canada
country	Lindos (/ˈlɪndɒs/; Greek: Λίνδος) is an archaeological site, a town and a former municipality on the island of Rhodes, in the Dodecanese, Greece.	Lindos	Greece
country	The Sahlgrenska University Hospital (Swedish: Sahlgrenska Universitetssjukhuset) is a system of hospitals associated with the Sahlgrenska Academy at the University of Gothenburg, Gothenburg, Sweden.	Sahlgrenska University Hospital	Sweden
country	Pangandaran is a town and district of Pangandaran Regency within the province of West Java, Indonesia.	Pangandaran	Indonesia
country	1st Tactical Squadron (known as 1.ELT - 1 Eskadra Lotnictwa Taktycznego in Poland) is a fighter squadron of Polish Air Force established in 2001 in Mińsk Mazowiecki, Poland.	1st Tactical Squadron	Poland
country	Ladja (pronounced (ˈlaːdja)) is a settlement on the left bank of the Sora River in the Municipality of Medvode in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Ladja	Slovenia
country	The International Wooden Shoe Museum Eelde is a museum in Eelde, the Netherlands, for clogs, clog-making equipment and machinery.	International Wooden Shoe Museum Eelde	Netherlands
country	Nowy Kisielin (ˈnɔvɨ kiˈɕelin) (German: Deutsch Kessel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zielona Góra, within Zielona Góra County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Nowy Kisielin	Poland
country	Levuka is a town on the eastern coast of the Fijian island of Ovalau, in Lomaiviti Province, in the Eastern Division of Fiji.	Levuka	Fiji
country	Fresnes Prison (Centre pénitentiaire de Fresnes) is the second largest prison in France, located in the town of Fresnes, Val-de-Marne South of Paris.	Fresnes Prison	France
country	Tropaia (Greek: Τρόπαια) is a village and a former municipality in Arcadia, Peloponnese, Greece.	Tropaia	Greece
country	Sandum is a village in Rømskog municipality, Norway.	Sandum	Norway
country	Von Ahnska magasinet is a port warehouse, which is located on Storgatan in Umeå, Sweden.	Von Ahnska magasinet	Sweden
country	The Sierra del Carmen, also called the Sierra Maderas del Carmen, is a northern finger of the Sierra Madre Oriental in the state of Coahuila, Mexico.	Sierra del Carmen	Mexico
country	Viladamat is a village of Alt Empordà, 6 kilometers to the north from l'Escala, a municipality in Catalonia, Spain.	Viladamat	Spain
country	Fruholmen Lighthouse (Norwegian: Fruholmen fyr, former name Norskholmen fyr) is a coastal lighthouse located in Måsøy Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Fruholmen Lighthouse	Norway
country	Palacio de las Dueñas (more properly, Palace of the Dukes of Alba; occasionally, Palacio de las Pinedas) is a palace in Seville, Spain, currently belonging to the House of Alba.	Palacio de las Dueñas	Spain
country	Amantea (Greek: Amanthea) is a town and comune in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.	Amantea	Italy
country	Cintalapa is a town and one of the 119 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.	Cintalapa	Mexico
country	Rasool Pur (Urdu: رسول پور‎) is a village in the district of Gujrat, Pakistan.	Rasool Pur	Pakistan
country	Kermanshah (Persian: کرمانشاه‎‎, Kirmānshāh; Kurdish: Kirmaşan: کرماشان also known as Bakhtaran, Bākhtarān, Kermānshāhān and Qahremānshahr), the capital of Kermanshah Province, is located 525 kilometres (326 miles) from Tehran in the western part of Iran.	Kermanshah	Iran
country	Castalla (Valencian and Spanish: (kasˈtaʎa)) is a town located in the comarca of L'Alcoià, in the province of Alicante, Spain.	Castalla	Spain
country	Wolbae Station is the station of the first line subway of Daegu located to Dalseo-gu in Daegu, South Korea.	Wolbae Station	South Korea
country	Djeguena is a small town and commune in the Cercle of San in the Ségou Region of Mali.	Djeguena	Mali
country	Bon Jakh (Persian: بن جخ‎) is a village in Kuh Hamayi Rural District, Rud Ab District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bon Jakh	Iran
country	Haeinsa (해인사, 海印寺: Temple of the Ocean Mudra) is a head temple of the Jogye Order (대한불교조계종, 大韓佛敎 曹溪宗) of Korean Buddhism in the Gaya Mountains (가야산, 伽倻山), South Gyeongsang Province South Korea.	Haeinsa	South Korea
country	Kahshang Rural District (Persian: دهستان كاهشنگ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kahshang Rural District	Iran
country	Mithenshor (Tajik: Миденшор), (Persian: میدنشار‎), is the capital of Shughnon District in Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province in south-east Tajikistan is located.	Mithenshor	Tajikistan
country	Firebase Fuller (also known as Dong Ha Mountain or Hill 549) is a former U.S. Marine Corps, Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) firebase in central Vietnam.	Firebase Fuller	Vietnam
country	Separ Deh (Persian: سپارده‎, also Romanized as Sepār Deh; also known as Sebār Deh) is a village in Eshkevar Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Separ Deh	Iran
country	The State Transit Authority, also referred to as State Transit or STA, is an agency of the Government of New South Wales based in Sydney, Australia, operating bus and ferry services.	State Transit Authority	Australia
country	The Patinoire Charlemagne is an ice rink in Lyon, France, located in the Confluence quarter, in the 2nd arrondissement of Lyon.	Patinoire Charlemagne	France
country	Aqagir (Persian: اقاگير‎, also Romanized as Āqāgīr) is a village in Alamut-e Bala Rural District, Rudbar-e Alamut District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Aqagir	Iran
country	Muldersdrift, in the Gauteng Province of South Africa, is a picturesque rural area situated between Johannesburg and the Magaliesberg mountain range.	Muldersdrift	South Africa
country	Boolaroo Racecourse is a former racecourse near the suburb of Boolaroo, New South Wales, Australia.	Boolaroo Racecourse	Australia
country	Joo Chiat Single Member Constituency (Traditional Chinese: 如切單選區;Simplified Chinese: 如切单选区) is a defunct Single Member Constituency (SMC) located in the eastern region of Singapore.	Joo Chiat Single Member Constituency	Singapore
country	The Special Region of Yogyakarta (/ˌjɒɡjəˈkɑrtə/ or /ˌjoʊɡjəˈkɑrtə/; Indonesian: Daerah Istimewa Yogyakarta, or DIY) is a region of Indonesia in middle Java.	Special Region of Yogyakarta	Indonesia
country	Papey (Icelandic pronunciation: (ˈpʰaːpˌeːi)) is an island near the east coast of Iceland in the municipality Djúpavogshreppur and is about 2 square kilometres (0.77 sq mi) in extent, the highest point on the island being about 58 meters above sea level.	Papey	Iceland
country	Tarajornitsut is an uninhabited tundra highland in the Qeqqata municipality in central-western Greenland, within the bounds of Kangaamiut dike swarm.	Tarajornitsut	Greenland
country	La Chapelle-Montbrandeix (Occitan: La Chapéla) is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Limousin region in western France.	La Chapelle-Montbrandeix	France
country	The Gulf of Bahrain is an inlet of the Persian Gulf on the east coast of Saudi Arabia, separated from the main body of water by the peninsula of Qatar.	Gulf of Bahrain	Saudi Arabia	Qatar
country	Amorsolo Street is a minor north-south roadway that runs parallel to Chino Roces Avenue in Makati, Metro Manila, Philippines.	Amorsolo Street	Philippines
country	Lotte World Tower & Lotte World Mall (Hangul: 롯데월드타워 & 롯데월드몰), also known as Second Lotte World (Hangul: 제2롯데월드) is shopping complex in Songpa District, Seoul, South Korea.	Lotte World Tower & Lotte World Mall	South Korea
country	Rig-e Kaput (Persian: ريگ كپوت‎, also Romanized as Rīg-e Kapūt; also known as Rīg-e Kapūtī) is a village in Bampur-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Bampur County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Rig-e Kaput	Iran
country	Ashkal (Persian: اشكال‎, also Romanized as Ashkāl; also known as Ashkālī) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Ashkal	Iran
country	Kinniya Bridge is the longest bridge in Sri Lanka with a length of 396 metres (1,299 ft).	Kinniya Bridge	Sri Lanka
country	Folklore of the Low Countries, often just referred to as Dutch folklore, includes the epics, legends, fairy tales and oral traditions of the people of Belgium, Netherlands and Luxembourg.	Folklore of the Low Countries	Netherlands
country	The Korea Museum of Modern Costume is a fashion museum in Seoul, South Korea.	Korea Museum of Modern Costume	South Korea
country	The Wyndham Branch, also known as the Glenham Branch, was a branch line railway in Southland, New Zealand.	Wyndham Branch	New Zealand
country	Novozybkov (Russian: Новозы́бков) is a historical town in Bryansk Oblast, Russia.	Novozybkov	Russia
country	Kamiun (Persian: كميون‎, also Romanized as Kamīūn) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kamiun	Iran
country	Eram District (Persian: بخش ارم‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Eram District	Iran
country	Mapasingue is a barrio (neighborhood) of the city of Guayaquil, Ecuador.	Mapasingue	Ecuador
country	The Nehru Memorial Museum & Library (NMML) is a museum and library in New Delhi, India, which aims to preserve and reconstruct the history of the Indian independence movement.	Nehru Memorial Museum & Library	India
country	The Council on the Ageing (NSW), established in 1956, provides leadership in social policy and community information and education for all older persons in New South Wales and Australia.	Council on the Ageing	Australia
country of citizenship	Louis Botha (27 September 1862 -- 27 August 1919) was a South African politician who was the first Prime Minister of the Union of South Africa--the forerunner of the modern South African state.	Louis Botha	South Africa
country of citizenship	Jean-Maurice Dehousse (born 11 October 1936) is a former Member of the European Parliament who served Belgium between 1999 and 2004 as a member of the Parti Socialiste.	Jean-Maurice Dehousse	Belgium
country of citizenship	Bruno Cathala (born on 23 July 1955 in Pamiers, France) is a French judge.	Bruno Cathala	France
country of citizenship	Tshilidzi Marwala (OMB) born 28 July 1971 in Venda, Transvaal, South Africa is the currently the Deputy Vice Chancellor:	Tshilidzi Marwala	South Africa
country of citizenship	James Carl Newhook (2 June 1915 -- 17 May 1997) was a New Zealand veterinary scientist, university lecturer and writer.	James Carl Newhook	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Werner Streib was born on 13 June 1911 in Pforzheim Germany.	Werner Streib	Germany
country of citizenship	Thomas Burberry (27 August 1835 - 4 April 1926) was an English gentlemen's outfitter, and the founder of international chain Burberry, one of the United Kingdom's largest branded clothing businesses.	Thomas Burberry	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Leopoldo Cantancio (born July 6, 1963) is a retired boxer from the Philippines, who competed for his native country at two Summer Olympics: 1984 and 1988.	Leopoldo Cantancio	Philippines
country of citizenship	Adriano Goldman is a Brazilian television director and cinematographer born in São Paulo, Brazil.	Adriano Goldman	Brazil
country of citizenship	Argentine composer and conductor Eduardo Alonso-Crespo was born in San Miguel de Tucumán in 1956, and grew up in the neighboring city of Salta, in Northwestern Argentina.	Eduardo Alonso-Crespo	Argentina
country of citizenship	Jim Cootes is a research associate for the Centre for Plant Biodiversity Research in Canberra, Australia.	Jim Cootes	Australia
country of citizenship	Jean-Philippe Brulé (born May 13, 1981) is a field hockey player from Belgium, who was a member of the national squad that missed qualification for the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.	Jean-Philippe Brulé	Belgium
country of citizenship	In 1983, was created by Agata Materowicz and Zbigniew Rostkowski the Music Club Anna Jantar ``Bursztyn``. The Club had over 1500 members in Poland. In 1984 Agata Materowicz, Zbigniew Rostkowski and Roman Woszczek organized the exhibition Anna Jantar- First Step- Last Step'' at the Students Club ``Stodola'' - Warsaw.	Anna Jantar	Poland
country of citizenship	Maria-Christine Soetewey (married Van Vlierberghe) (born 19 August 1957 in Kapellen, Belgium) is a retired Belgian high jumper.	Christine Soetewey	Belgium
country of citizenship	Béla Barényi (1 March 1907 in Hirtenberg, Austria -- 30 May 1997 in Boeblingen, Germany) was an Austrian engineer, of Hungarian heritage and Austrian heritage (from his father's and mother's side, respectively).	Béla Barényi	Austria	Germany
country of citizenship	Robert Forde was born in rural parish of Moviddy near Bandon 16 miles from Cork City, Ireland .	Robert Forde	Ireland
country of citizenship	Mullamangalath Parameshwaran Bhattathiripad (23 September 1908 -- 10 August 1998), commonly known as M. P. Bhatathirippad or Premji, was a social reformer, cultural leader and actor from Kerala state, India.	Premji	India
country of citizenship	Mor Thiam (born Mor Dogo Thiam in Dakar, Senegal, 1941) is a Senegalese drummer, cultural historian, entertainment consultant and is the father of the famed singer Akon .	Mor Thiam	Senegal
country of citizenship	Mario Domínguez (born December 1, 1975, in Mexico City) is a Mexican racing driver.	Mario Domínguez	Mexico
country of citizenship	Nilamani Routray was a founder of the Odisha unit of All India Students Federation.	Nilamani Routray	India
country of citizenship	James Iahuat (born 14 May 1959) is a retired boxer who represented Vanuatu.	James Iahuat	Vanuatu
country of citizenship	Tagore Trajano de Almeida Silva, born in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil is a lawyer and professor, he works in the field of study called Animal Rights.	Tagore Trajano	Brazil
country of citizenship	Harald Naegeli (born December 4, 1939) is a Swiss artist best known as the ``Sprayer of Zurich'' after the graffiti he sprayed in the late 1970s onto walls and buildings in Zürich, Switzerland.	Harald Naegeli	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Veronica Rotin (Maltese pronunciation: (rɔ'tɪn) born 4 March 2004 in Tarxien, Malta) is a Maltese child singer.	Veronica Rotin	Malta
country of citizenship	Claudio Descalzi (born 1955 in Milan, Italy), he is an Italian businessman, CEO of Eni, the largest Italian company operating in the energy sector, Vice President of Confindustria Energia and Director of Fondazione Teatro alla Scala.	Claudio Descalzi	Italy
country of citizenship	Loiq Sher-Ali (born 1941 in Tajiki/Persian: Лоиқ Шералӣ/لائق شیرعلی) was a Tajik poet, Iranologist and one of the most celebrated Persian literary figures of Tajikistan and central Asia.	Loiq Sher-Ali	Tajikistan
country of citizenship	Ellen Halpenny (born 25 July 1990 in Napier, New Zealand) is a New Zealand netball player in the ANZ Championship, playing for the Canterbury Tactix.	Ellen Halpenny	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ignacio Solares (1945- ) is a prominent Mexican novelist, editor and playwright, whose novel La invasion (The Invasion, 2004) was a bestseller in Mexico and Spain.	Ignacio Solares	Mexico
country of citizenship	Aleko Prodani (1942-2006) was an Albanian actor, Merited Artist of Albania.	Aleko Prodani	Albania
country of citizenship	Parviz Abnar (Persian: پرویز آبنار ‎, born 1958 in Ahvaz, Iran) is an Iranian sound recordist.	Parviz Abnar	Iran
country of citizenship	Eliyathamby Ratnasabapathy (November 3, 1938 - December 12, 2006) was one of the founder member of the Eelam Revolutionary Organization of Students a Tamil militant group from Sri Lanka and a noted Marxist-Leninist political leader .	Eliyathamby Ratnasabapathy	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Vuk Karadžić was born to parents Stefan and Jegda (née Zrnić) in the village of Tršić, near Loznica, which was in the Ottoman Empire (now in Serbia).	Vuk Karadžić	Serbia
country of citizenship	Meike de Nooy (born 2 May 1983 in Eindhoven) is a water polo player of the Netherlands who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions.	Meike de Nooy	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Ivo Wesby (1902-1961), born Ignacy Singer in Kraków, Poland, was a composer and director.	Ivo Wesby	Poland
country of citizenship	Kim Si-jin (Hangul:김시진, Hanja: 金始眞; born March 20, 1958 in Pohang, Gyeongsangbuk-do, South Korea) is a retired pitcher and a former manager in the Korea Baseball Organization.	Kim Si-jin	South Korea
country of citizenship	Nguyễn Tuấn Mạnh (born 31 July 1990) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Goalkeeper for V-League (Vietnam) club Sanna Khanh Hoa F.C. and Vietnam national football team	Nguyễn Tuấn Mạnh	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Viva Donaldson (12 March 1893 -- 2 August 1970) was a New Zealand teacher, nurse, community leader and local politician.	Viva Donaldson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ahmad Khan Mahmoodzada (born 1994/1995) is a child actor from Afghanistan.	Ahmad Khan Mahmoodzada	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Beth Chote (born 27 January 1991) is a New Zealand born actress.	Beth Chote	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Angela Richter, ``Inside Julian Assange'', Interview Magazine Germany, H. 5 2014, S. 91--97.	Angela Richter	Germany
country of citizenship	Aelia Verina (died 484) was the Empress consort of Leo I of the Byzantine Empire.	Verina	Byzantine Empire
country of citizenship	Villem Orav (March 11, 1883, Laiksaare municipality - December 10, 1952, Tallinn, Estonia) was an Estonian historian, teacher, and scholar of pedagogy.	Villem Orav	Estonia
country of citizenship	Diana Harkusha (Ukrainian: Діана Гаркуша, born 5 July 1994) is a Ukrainian dancer, model and beauty queen who was 1st Runner up at Miss Ukraine Universe 2014.	Diana Harkusha	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Gerd Schultze-Rhonhof (born 26 May 1939) is a German author and former Generalmajor in the German Army of the Bundeswehr, who, like Udo Walendy, also disputes Germany's guilt for the Second World War.	Gerd Schultze-Rhonhof	Germany
country of citizenship	Santos Dumont Airport (IATA: SDU, ICAO: SBRJ) is the second major airport serving Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Santos Dumont Airport	Brazil
country of citizenship	Dick Hrstich was a New Zealand professional wrestler, known by his ring names Ray Hrstich and Ray Gordon, who competed in the former Yugoslavia (his native country), New Zealand, Canada, and the United States during the late 1950s and 60s.	Ray Hrstich	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Nina Lola Bachhuber was born in Munich, Germany, and obtained her Masters of Fine Arts at the Hochschule für bildende Künste Hamburg.	Nina Lola Bachhuber	Germany
country of citizenship	Li Baodong (Simplified Chinese: 李保东; born April 1955) is a Chinese diplomat who served as the Permanent Representative of the People's Republic of China to the United Nations from 2010 to 2013.	Li Baodong	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Raja Hasan Sagar is an Indian playback singer was born in December, 1979 in the city of Bikaner, Rajasthan, India.	Raja Hasan	India
country of citizenship	Rangiahuta Alan Herewini Ruka Broughton (21 April 1940 -- 17 April 1986) was a New Zealand tohunga, Anglican priest and university lecturer.	Ruka Broughton	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Krzysztof Stanowski (born April 12, 1959 in Lublin) is a Polish civic leader who helped develop the non-proft/NGO sector in Poland.	Krzysztof Stanowski	Poland
country of citizenship	Olari Elts (born April 27, 1971 in Tallinn, Estonia) is an Estonian Conductor.	Olari Elts	Estonia
country of citizenship	Tarkan Gözübüyük (born 15 July 1970) is the bass player of the Turkish heavy metal band Mezarkabul (known as Pentagram in Turkey).	Tarkan Gözübüyük	Turkey
country of citizenship	Reyes Estévez López (born 2 August 1976 in Cornellà de Llobregat, Spain) is a Spanish 1500 metres runner.	Reyes Estévez	Spain
country of citizenship	Sergio Onofre Jarpa Reyes (born 8 March 1921 in Rengo, Chile) is a Chilean politician who served as a member of the cabinet during the government of Augusto Pinochet.	Sergio Onofre Jarpa	Chile
country of citizenship	James Crowe Richmond (22 September 1822 -- 19 January 1898) was a New Zealand politician, engineer, and an early painter in watercolours of the New Zealand landscape.	James Crowe Richmond	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Haitske Pijlman (16 June 1954) is a retired speed skater from the Netherlands who was active between 1975 and 1980.	Haitske Pijlman	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Michael Tambak (born January 1, 1992 in Maastricht, Netherlands) is a Dutch footballer who plays for Dutch Eerste Divisie league club MVV Maastricht.	Michael Tambak	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Alexandru Golban (born 28 February 1979 in Chişinău, Moldovian SSR, Soviet Union) is a retired footballer and also former member of Moldova national team.	Alexandru Golban	Moldova
country of citizenship	Tauras Jogėla won silver medal with Lithuania national basketball team at 2009 Europe U-16 championship and was named the championship MVP.	Tauras Jogėla	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Ernest Manheim (till 1920 Ernő, then till 1934 Ernst, in the US then Ernest) (27 January 1900 -- 28 July 2002) was an US sociologist, anthropologist and composer born in Hungary, at that time part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire.	Ernest Manheim	Hungary
country of citizenship	Franz Voves (born 28 February 1953 in Graz, Styria, Austria) is an Austrian politician of the SPÖ and a former player in the Austrian ice hockey national team.	Franz Voves	Austria
country of citizenship	Godwin Bradbeer (born 1950 in Dunedin, New Zealand), is a New Zealand-born artist now living and working in Australia whose work has evolved from his pioneering photo-media (incorporating photography, drawing and painting) to pure drawing.	Godwin Bradbeer	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ayogu Eze (born 23 November 1958) was elected Senator for the Enugu North constituency of Enugu State, Nigeria, taking office on 29 May 2007.	Ayogu Eze	Nigeria
country of citizenship	In Denmark she performs both under her real name, Tina Dickow, and under the adopted name Tina Dico as well.	Tina Dico	Denmark
country of citizenship	Hailed from East-Pakistan, Hamoodur Rahman retained his Pakistani citizenship even after the war and independence of Bangladesh.	Hamoodur Rahman	Bangladesh
country of citizenship	Joseph Andy Lui (born January 7, 1992 in Tofoa) is a sprinter from Tonga.	Joseph Andy Lui	Tonga
country of citizenship	Raphael Schäfer was born in 1979 as a member of the German minority in the Upper Silesian Town of Kędzierzyn-Koźle and in 1986 with his father emigrated from Poland as Aussiedler to settle in northern Germany.	Raphael Schäfer	Germany
country of citizenship	Pierre-Luc Gagnon, also known as PLG (born May 2, 1980 in Boucherville, Canada), is a Canadian professional skateboarder.	Pierre-Luc Gagnon	Canada
country of citizenship	Byomkes Chakrabarti, son of Sarat Chandra Chakrabarti and Sitala Sundari Chakrabarti, was born in Kharar-Gopinathpur village in the Paschim Medinipur district of West Bengal, India, in the year 1923.	Byomkes Chakrabarti	India
country of citizenship	Vangelis Ploios (Greek: Βαγγέλης Πλοιός, born November 13, 1937 in Peristeri, Greece) is a Greek theatrical, film and television actor.	Vangelis Ploios	Greece
country of citizenship	Arne Blomberg, was born in 1930 in Gothenburg, Sweden.	Arne Blomberg	Sweden
country of citizenship	Andrew Richter, Ph.D., is an assistant professor in the department of political science at the University of Windsor in Windsor, Ontario, Canada.	Andrew Richter	Canada
country of citizenship	Isaac Newton Watt (1821--1886) was a soldier, merchant and a Member of Parliament in Taranaki, New Zealand, in the mid to late 19th century.	Isaac Newton Watt	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Miodrag Perunović (born 10 December 1957 in Cetinje) is a former professional boxer from Montenegro.	Miodrag Perunović	Montenegro
country of citizenship	Juliana Pasha (born 20 May 1980, Burrel, Albania) is an Albanian singer.	Juliana Pasha	Albania
country of citizenship	Franz Lambert (born 11 March 1948 in Heppenheim, Germany) is a German composer and organist.	Franz Lambert	Germany
country of citizenship	Alfredo Petit-Vergel (born July 24, 1936 in Havana, Cuba ) is the Titular Bishop of Buslacena and the Auxiliary Bishop of the Archdiocese of Havana.	Alfredo Petit-Vergel	Cuba
country of citizenship	Enrique Campos (born 7 January 1961) is a retired road bicycle racer from Venezuela.	Enrique Campos	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Flavio Cipolla (born 20 October 1983) is a professional tennis player on the ATP Tour from Italy.	Flavio Cipolla	Italy
country of citizenship	Pana Hema Taylor (born 1989) is a New Zealand television actor of Maori heritage, best known for his roles in Spartacus, The Brokenwood Mysteries and the hit series, Westside.	Pana Hema Taylor	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Juan Carlos Méndez Guédez is a Venezuelan writer born in Barquisimeto, Venezuela in 1967.	Juan Carlos Méndez Guédez	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Joshua Booth (ca 1758 -- October 27, 1813) was a soldier and political figure in Upper Canada.	Joshua Booth	Canada
country of citizenship	Csaba Hell (born 20 May 1970) is a former Hungarian motorcycle speedway rider who was a member of Hungary's national team.	Csaba Hell	Hungary
country of citizenship	Dorothy Tangney started her career as a school teacher in Perth, Western Australia.	Dorothy Tangney	Australia
country of citizenship	Nicole Fuentes, also Nicole Fuentes-Kalifatidis (born February 11, 1984 in Almaty, raised in Moscow, Russia) is a singer.	Nicole Fuentes	Russia
country of citizenship	Ian Hassall is a New Zealand paediatrician and children's advocate.	Ian Hassall	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Sedat Laçiner (born 1972, Kırıkkale, Turkey), academic, columnist and author, is a Turkish academic specialist on the Middle East and International Relations, with particular reference to Turkish foreign policy and rector of the Çanakkale Onsekiz Mart University (COMU).	Sedat Laçiner	Turkey
country of citizenship	Freddy Excelino González Martínez (born 18 June 1975 in La Ceja, Colombia), also known as Fredy González, is a Colombian road racing cyclist.	Fredy González	Colombia
country of citizenship	Umberto Lenzi's Orgasmo (1969) was retitled Paranoia when it was released in the USA, and it was so successful under that title, the Italian producers asked Lenzi to make another giallo called Paranoia (1970) to be distributed in Italy.	Umberto Lenzi	Italy
country of citizenship	Telemachos Kanthos (1910--1993) was born in Alona, a village in the highland Pitsillia area of Cyprus.	Telemachos Kanthos	Cyprus
country of citizenship	Jérémy Bigot (born 1 August 1983 in Versailles, France) is a professional ice hockey player, he is currently an attacker for the SO Chambéry.	Jérémy Bigot	France
country of citizenship	Gundi Ellert (born September 8, 1951 in Lengenfeld, Germany) is a German television actress.	Gundi Ellert	Germany
country of citizenship	Valerie van der Graaf (born 12 February 1992 in Rotterdam, Zuid-Holland, Netherlands) is a Dutch model who has appeared in Vogue and the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue.	Valerie van der Graaf	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Raziah Ahmed, FLMI, ACS, MBA is a Senator and Member of Parliament of Government of the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago.	Raziah Ahmed	Trinidad and Tobago
country of citizenship	Tatiana Echeverri Fernandez (born 1974, Costa Rica) is an artist living and working in Berlin who works in serval mediums including installations, sculpture and performance.	Tatiana Echeverri Fernandez	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	John Lees Faulkner (c.1812--8 September 1882) was a New Zealand trader, shipbuilder and farmer.	John Lees Faulkner	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mika Ronkainen (born August 6, 1970 in Kuusamo, Finland) is a Finnish film director from Oulu, Northern Finland.	Mika Ronkainen	Finland
country of citizenship	After the establishment of the new Republic of China, Taixu founded the Association for the Advancement of Buddhism (佛教協進會/佛教协进会 fójiào xiéjìn hùi), which lasted only a short time due to resistance from conservative Buddhists.	Taixu	China
country of citizenship	Larry Maluma is a Zambian reggae artist based in Australia .	Larry Maluma	Australia
country of citizenship	Simmu Tiik (born 19 February 1959 in Tartu) is an Estonian diplomat and is the current Ambassador of the Republic of Estonia to Norway and Iceland.	Simmu Tiik	Estonia
country of citizenship	Klaus Rohseano (born September 8, 1969) is a retired Austria international football player and a coach who managed SV Feldkirchen.	Klaus Rohseano	Austria
country of citizenship	Anna Herdenstam (born Anna Magnusson; 1965 in Malmö) is a Swedish model, journalist and television host that works for TV4 in Sweden.	Anna Herdenstam	Sweden
country of citizenship	Charles Samuel Brockman (1845 -- 28 November 1923) was a prominent explorer and pastoralist in the Gascoyne region of Western Australia.	Charles Samuel Brockman	Australia
country of citizenship	Ozren Bonačić (born 5 January 1942 in Zagreb, Croatia) is a former Croatian water polo player and Olympic medalist with the Yugoslavia men's national water polo team.	Ozren Bonačić	Croatia
country of citizenship	Leon Șușman was a member of the Fascist paramilitary organization Iron Guard who, after the Soviet occupation of Romania, became the leader of an armed anti-communist resistance group in the Apuseni Mountains.	Leon Șușman	Romania
country of citizenship	Christian Déséglise (born in 1963 in Caen, France) is an expert in emerging markets.	Christian Déséglise	France
country of citizenship	Martin Simon is a composer and guitarist born in Roznava, Slovakia, in 1975.	Martin Simon	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Silva Marques gained 3 caps for Portugal and made his debut against France in Lisbon 16 March 1927, in a 4-0 win.	Silva Marques	Portugal
country of citizenship	Saadi Yacef (born January 20, 1928) was one of the leaders of Algeria's National Liberation Front during his country's war of independence.	Saadi Yacef	Algeria
country of citizenship	Richard Sezibera (born June 5, 1964 in Kigali, Rwanda) is a Rwandan physician, politician, diplomat and civil servant.	Richard Sezibera	Rwanda
country of citizenship	Stephan Swanson came to prominence as a marine researcher when he successfully placed the satellite transmitter on the famous Great white shark Nicole, the first great white shark ever to be tracked on a 20,000 kilometer migration from South Africa to Australia and back.	Stephan Swanson	South Africa
country of citizenship	Fernando Chagas Carvalho Neto (born November 1, 1952 in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil) is the current Vice-President of Football of Sport Club Internacional.	Fernando Chagas Carvalho Neto	Brazil
country of citizenship	Joseph Cotton aka Jah Walton (born Silbert Walton, 1957, St. Ann, Jamaica) is a reggae deejay active since the mid-1970s.	Joseph Cotton	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Svetlin Rusev (Bulgarian: Светлин Русев) (born 1933 in Pleven, Bulgaria) is a well known artist and a collector of art. He is known for the Svetlin Rusev Donative Exhibition, a permanent art exhibition in Pleven, including over 400 works of Bulgarian and foreign artist donated by him.	Svetlin Rusev	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Eddy Gronfier (b. France, 1970) started as a local radio host on Fun Radio Annecy in 1985, then NRJ Chambéry.	Eddy Gronfier	France
country of citizenship	Irving Bustamante is a Paralympic athlete from Cuba competing mainly in category T13 sprint events.	Irving Bustamante	Cuba
country of citizenship	Betty Viana-Adkins (born Betty Viana) was born in 1971 in Caracas, Venezuela.	Betty Viana-Adkins	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Ole Singstad was born at Singstad farm in Lensvik (now Agdenes) in Sør-Trøndelag, Norway.	Ole Singstad	Norway
country of citizenship	Mariana Sîrbu (born in Iaşi, Romania) is a Romanian violinist.	Mariana Sîrbu	Romania
country of citizenship	Nooa Takooa (born 10 March 1993) is a sprinter, who internationally representing Kiribati.	Nooa Takooa	Kiribati
country of citizenship	Vahdettin İşsever (born 7 August 1968) is a boxer from Turkey, who won the bronze medal in the Men's Ligtweight (-- 60 kg) division at the 1996 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Vejle, Denmark, alongside Italy's Christian Giantomassi.	Vahdettin İşsever	Turkey
country of citizenship	Jan was born in Prague, Czech Republic as the youngest of three children of Jan Koláček and Vlasta Koláčková.	Jan Koláček	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Yousry Saber Hussein El-Gamal is a former Minister of Education for Egypt.	Yousry Saber Hussein El-Gamal	Egypt
country of citizenship	Dr Karl Ritter von Halt, born Karl Ferdinand Halt (2 June 1891 -- 5 August 1964) was a sport official in Nazi Germany and in the German Federal Republic.	Karl Ritter von Halt	Germany
country of citizenship	Vichit Kounavudhi (Thai: วิจิตร คุณาวุฒิ, 1922--1997, born in Chachoengsao, Thailand) was a Thai film director and screenwriter.	Vichit Kounavudhi	Thailand
country of citizenship	Zoni Weisz (born Johan Weisz, 4 March 1937) is a Sinto Holocaust survivor from the Netherlands working in the Dutch floral industry.	Zoni Weisz	Netherlands
country of citizenship	John Schneeberger was raised in Northern Rhodesia (now Zambia) and received his medical degree at Stellenbosch University in South Africa.	John Schneeberger	South Africa
country of citizenship	Guadalupe Valdez San Pedro (b. Mexico City, 22 September 1957) is a Dominican Republic politician.	Guadalupe Valdez	Mexico
country of citizenship	Zoya Khan was born to Muslim parents of Pashtun ancestry in New Delhi, India.	Zoya Khan	India
country of citizenship	Félix Ramos y Duarte (1848--1924) was a Cuban educator and writer, who was exiled from Cuba in 1868.	Félix Ramos y Duarte	Cuba
country of citizenship	Francesco Monico PhD (born Venice, February 27, 1968) is an educator, broadcaster, artist in Italy.	Francesco Monico	Italy
country of citizenship	Gabriella Kindl (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈɡɒbriɛlːɒ ˈkindl); born 15 September 1979 in Mohács, Hungary) is a retired Hungarian and Montenegrin handball player.	Gabriella Kindl	Hungary
country of citizenship	Agustín Arana (born Agustín Arana Flores on August 27, 1968 in Orizaba, Veracruz, Mexico) is a Mexican actor and singer.	Agustín Arana	Mexico
country of citizenship	Tania Bruguera (born 1968 in Havana, Cuba) is a Cuban installation and performance artist.	Tania Bruguera	Cuba
country of citizenship	Adolfo Chávez Beyuma (born 2 March 1971), a Bolivian indigenous leader, has been the president of the Confederation of Indigenous Peoples of Bolivia (CIDOB) since 2006.	Adolfo Chávez	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Donald Morris McGregor (April 25, 1923 in Lenore, Manitoba -- July 25, 2003) was a politician in Manitoba, Canada.	Morris McGregor	Canada
country of citizenship	Louis Varney (French: (vaʁnɛ); 30 May 1844, New Orleans, Louisiana -- 20 August 1908, Cauterets, France) was a French composer.	Louis Varney	France
country of citizenship	Jens Schanche (1717 -- 1787) was a Norwegian postmaster who contributed significantly to the development of postal services in Norway.	Jens Schanche	Norway
country of citizenship	In 1955 Shelomo Selinger was awarded the Norman Prize of the America-Israel Cultural Foundation.	Shelomo Selinger	Israel
country of citizenship	Rognvald Eysteinsson (fl. 865) sometimes referred to with the bynames of ``the Wise'' or ``the Powerful'' was the jarl of Møre in Norway and a key figure in the founding of the Earldom of Orkney.	Rognvald Eysteinsson	Norway
country of citizenship	Diane Bellemare (born October 13, 1949) is a Canadian economist and politician from Quebec, who was appointed to the Senate of Canada on September 6, 2012.	Diane Bellemare	Canada
country of citizenship	Oscar Zia (born 10 October 1996 in Svedala, Sweden) is a Swedish singer and songwriter, who has participated in several television competition shows.	Oscar Zia	Sweden
country of citizenship	Anggun left Indonesia in 1994 to pursue an international career.	Anggun	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Innocent Hamga (born May 8, 1981 in Edea, Cameroon) is a professional Cameroonian footballer who last plays for Cotonsport Garoua.	Innocent Hamga	Cameroon
country of citizenship	Datuk Chua Tee Yong (Chinese: 蔡智勇; pinyin: Cài Zhì Yǒng; born 19 October 1977) is a Malaysian politician and is the Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Labis constituency in the State of Johor.	Chua Tee Yong	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Having studied at the School of Theatre and Cinema of Portugal, João Pedro Rodrigues started his career as an assistant director and editor in several features, directed, for example, by Alberto Seixas Santos and Teresa Villaverde, among others.	João Pedro Rodrigues	Portugal
country of citizenship	Eliades Ochoa (born 22 June 1946) is a Cuban guitarist and singer from Loma de la Avispa, Songo La Maya in the east of the country near Santiago de Cuba.	Eliades Ochoa	Cuba
country of citizenship	Denise Ho Wan-See, also known as HOCC, is a Hong Kong-based Cantopop singer.	Denise Ho	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Dr. Gourahari Das (born 9 October 1960 in India) is a story writer, novelist, columnist of Odisha, India.	Gourahari Das	India
country of citizenship	Sonny Condell (born 1 July 1949, in Newtownmountkennedy, Ireland) is an Irish singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and graphic artist.	Sonny Condell	Ireland
country of citizenship	Ivian Sarcos (born July 26, 1989 in Guanare, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan model and beauty queen who won Miss World 2011 on November 6, 2011 in London, United Kingdom.	Ivian Sarcos	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Babachi Lawal is the Secretary to the Federal Government of Nigeria and former Chairman of the All Progressives Congress, North-East zone.	Babachi Lawal	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Sonu Walia (born 19 February 1964) is a Bollywood actress, winner of Miss India pageant and model.	Sonu Walia	India
country of citizenship	Smiður Andrésson (died July 1361) was governor in Iceland whose reputation for brutal methods in collecting taxes lead to an attack on him at Grund in Eyjafjörður where he fell along with Jón Skráveifa and 6 of his men.	Smiður Andrésson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Rabadash is the heir to the throne of Calormen, being the eldest son of the Tisroc.	Rabadash	Calormen
country of citizenship	Roy Erasmus is a politician and lawyer from Northwest Territories, Canada.	Roy Erasmus	Canada
country of citizenship	Sérvulo Gutiérrez Alarcón (1914 -- 21 July 1961) was a Peruvian artist, described by The Times as ``Peru's most celebrated painter''.	Sérvulo Gutiérrez	Peru
country of citizenship	Yüksel Şanlı (born November 14, 1973) is a former competitor in Freestyle Wrestling from Turkey.	Yüksel Şanlı	Turkey
country of citizenship	Mohammad Din Zakhil (محمد دين زاخيل - famous as Ustad Zakhil) is a singer/composer from Afghanistan.	Mohammad Din Zakhil	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Avdy Andresson (15 November 1899 in Viluvere, Estonia -- 27 August 1990 in Deerfield, New Jersey, United States) was the Estonian Minister of War in exile from April 3, 1973 until two months before his death on June 20, 1990, and disputed Commander of Armed Forces from 14 October 1975.	Avdy Andresson	Estonia
country of citizenship	Matthijs Vellenga (born 29 October 1977, Grijpskerk) is a rower from the Netherlands.	Matthijs Vellenga	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Raden Oto Iskandar di Nata, also spelled Iskandardinata, aptly nicknamed Otista (31 March 1897 -- 20 December 1945) was a fighter for Indonesia's liberation from Dutch rule.	Oto Iskandar di Nata	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Eva-Maria Buch (31 January 1921 -- 5 August 1943) was a resistance fighter against the Nazi régime in Germany associated with the Red Orchestra (Rote Kapelle) resistance group.	Eva-Maria Buch	Germany
country of citizenship	Aintzane Ezenarro Egurbide (Getaria, Spain, 1971) is a basque politician.	Aintzane Ezenarro	Spain
country of citizenship	Jean Marie M'ba was the foreign minister of Gabon for a period in 1967.	Jean Marie M'ba	Gabon
country of citizenship	Edmond Picard was lawyer at the Court of Appeal and the Court of Cassation of Belgium.	Edmond Picard	Belgium
country of citizenship	Roberto Moreira Aldana (born 6 May 1987 in Luque, Paraguay) is a Paraguayan Association Football Forward.	Roberto Moreira Aldana	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Tuiti Makitanara (8 August 1874 -- 24 June 1932), sometimes known as Sweet MacDonald, was a Māori and United Party Member of Parliament in New Zealand.	Tuiti Makitanara	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ines Putri Tjiptadi Chandra (born September 5, 1989) is an Indonesian beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Indonesia 2012, the first Balinese ever to win the pageant.	Ines Putri	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Jagya Bahadur Shahi (Nepali: यज्ञबहादुर शाही) is a Nepalese politician from Dailekh, belonging to the Nepal Workers Peasants Party.	Jagya Bahadur Shahi	Nepal
country of citizenship	Dato Paduka Janin Erih was a Bruneian diplomat and holding the post of Permanent Representative of Brunei Darussalam to the United Nations at Geneva and the former Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Brunei to the Russian Federation.	Janin Erih	Brunei
country of citizenship	Nizar Hamid (born 3 October 1988) is a Sudanese football defender who plays for Al-Hilal and the Sudan national football team.	Nizar Hamid	Sudan
country of citizenship	Pedro Opaso Letelier (July 20, 1876 -- April 9, 1957) was a Chilean politician and provisional vice president of Chile in 1931.	Pedro Opaso	Chile
country of citizenship	Trecia-Kaye Smith (born 5 November 1975 in Westmoreland, Jamaica) is a Jamaican athlete competing mainly in triple jump.	Trecia-Kaye Smith	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Diana Trask (born 23 June 1940) is an Australian country and pop singer born in Melbourne, Australia.	Diana Trask	Australia
country of citizenship	Oscar Garden (21 August 1903--2 June 1997) was a New Zealand aviator and horticulturist.	Oscar Garden	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Massimiliano Neri (born June 14, 1977, in Naples, Italy) is an Italian fashion model.	Massimiliano Neri	Italy
country of citizenship	According to her official biography, Marianne Curley now lives in Coffs Harbour, on the Mid North Coast of New South Wales (Australia).	Marianne Curley	Australia
country of citizenship	Charles Paul Telford Hutchison, known as Paul Hutchison (born 1947) is a New Zealand politician and former health professional.	Paul Hutchison	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Teerapong Deehamhae (Thai: ธีระพงศ์ ดีหามแห), simply known as Pure (Thai: เพียว), is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Teerapong Deehamhae	Thailand
country of citizenship	Carmen Souza was born in Lisbon on 20 May 1981, to parents who had moved to Portugal after the Carnation Revolution ended the colonial era of their native Cape Verde.	Carmen Souza	Portugal
country of citizenship	Geoffrey Meye (born December 12, 1982 in Utrecht, Netherlands) is a Dutch footballer who played on the professional level for Dutch club FC Den Bosch of the Eredivisie league during the 2001-2002 season.	Geoffrey Meye	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Sherwin James (born 6 June 1978 in Saint Patrick Parish, Dominica) is a retired track and field athlete who represented Dominica.	Sherwin James	Dominica
country of citizenship	T. M. Thiagarajan (Tamil: டி. எம். தியாகராஜன்) (28 May 1923 -- 27 June 2007) was a Carnatic musicologist from Tamil Nadu in Southern India.	T. M. Thiagarajan	India
country of citizenship	Bediako Asare is an African journalist and author, initially from Ghana.	Bediako Asare	Ghana
country of citizenship	Darryl Neudorf (born June 7, 1964, Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada) is a Canadian musician, record producer and audio engineer.	Darryl Neudorf	Canada
country of citizenship	Guyon Espiner (born 31 December 1970) is a New Zealand print and television journalist.	Guyon Espiner	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Cristino Seriche Bioko (born 1940) is an Equatoguinean politician who was the prime minister of Equatorial Guinea from 15 August 1982 to 4 March 1992.	Cristino Seriche Bioko	Equatorial Guinea
country of citizenship	Julio Voltio (born as Julio Irving Ramos Filomeno on June 11, 1977, in Santurce, Puerto Rico) is one of the reggaetón genre's best-known artists.	Julio Voltio	Puerto Rico
country of citizenship	Aide Iskandar bin Sahak (born 28 May 1975) is a former professional footballer and current head coach of developmental side Courts Young Lions in the S.League and the Singapore U-23 team.	Aide Iskandar	Singapore
country of citizenship	Susanto Tirtoprodjo (1900--1969) was the acting Prime Minister of Indonesia on December 20, 1949 to January 16, 1950.	Susanto Tirtoprodjo	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Carlos Loveira was a journalist and naturalistic author born in Santa Clara, Cuba.	Carlos Loveira	Cuba
country of citizenship	Henry Beresford Garrett (c.1818--3 September 1885) was a New Zealand cooper and criminal.	Henry Beresford Garrett	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Leonardo Puñales Bonilla, commonly known as Leonardo Puñales is a team handball coach from Uruguay.	Leonardo Puñales	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Willa O'Neill is an award-winning actress from New Zealand.	Willa O'Neill	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Patil Puttappa (born 14 January 1921, Dharwad, India) is an Indian writer, veteran journalist and activist based in Hubli.	Patil Puttappa	India
country of citizenship	Didac Pérez Minarro (b. Barcelona, 7 September 1981) is a former professional tennis player from Spain.	Didac Pérez	Spain
country of citizenship	Ainhoa Murúa Zubizarreta (born July 18, 1978 in Zarautz, Gipuzkoa) is a Basque triathlete who competed for Spain.	Ainhoa Murúa	Spain
country of citizenship	Gyula Teleki (born Gyula Tiegelmann, on 15 February 1928 in Debrecen) is a former Hungary national football player and coach.	Gyula Teleki	Hungary
country of citizenship	José Sacramento is a film director and producer from Portugal.	José Sacramento	Portugal
country of citizenship	Albert Pintat Santolària (born 23 June 1943) was the head of government of Andorra from 27 May 2005 to 5 June 2009.	Albert Pintat	Andorra
country of citizenship	Konrad Karkos, better known by his pseudonym, Keyza Soze or KEYZA, is a German record producer and composer from Berlin, Germany.	Keyza Soze	Germany
country of citizenship	Roman Mrázek (born January 21, 1962 in Sokolov) is a race walker who represented Czechoslovakia and later Slovakia.	Roman Mrázek	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Rasmus Flo was born in Stryn near the northern border of Sogn og Fjordane, Norway.	Rasmus Flo	Norway
country of citizenship	Tom Cotterill (c. 1884 -- 1943) was a New Zealand rugby league player who represented his country in 1911, touring Australia.	Tom Cotterill	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Miki Sakai (Sakai Miki, 酒井美紀), born 21 February 1978 in Aoi-ku, Shizuoka, Japan is an actress and J-pop idol singer.	Miki Sakai	Japan
country of citizenship	Emmett Felix Ryan (1897--1963) was an Australian Rugby League player of the 1910s and 1920s who represented New South Wales and Australia.	Felix Ryan	Australia
country of citizenship	Gan De (Chinese: 甘德; fl. 4th century BC) was a Chinese astronomer/astrologer born in the State of Qi also known as the Lord Gan (Gan Gong).	Gan De	Qi
country of citizenship	Shōgo Tomiyama (富山省吾, born 1952 in Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese writer and producer.	Shōgo Tomiyama	Japan
country of citizenship	Cornelis Kruseman was born on 25 September 1797 in Amsterdam in the Batavian Republic (the present-day Netherlands) as the son of Alexander Hendrik Kruseman (1765--1829) and Cornelia Bötger.	Cornelis Kruseman	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Clarence Goode (17 August 1875 -- 30 April 1969) was a farmer and politician in South Australia.	Clarence Goode	Australia
country of citizenship	Edward John Barker Pense (June 3, 1848 -- May 7, 1910) was a newspaper editor and owner and a politician in Ontario, Canada.	Edward John Barker Pense	Canada
country of citizenship	Pōmare V (3 November 1839 -- 12 June 1891) was the last monarch of Tahiti, reigning from 1877 until his forced abdication in 1880.	Pōmare V	Tahiti
country of citizenship	Sokari Douglas Camp CBE (born 1958 in Nigeria) is an artist who has had exhibitions all over the world and was the recipient of a bursary from the Henry Moore Foundation.	Sokari Douglas Camp	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Shahram Rostami was an Iranian flying ace in the Iran-Iraq War.	Shahram Rostami	Iran
country of citizenship	Germán Espinosa Villareal (April 30, 1938 -- October 17, 2007) was a Colombian novelist, poet and author born and based in Cartagena, Colombia.	Germán Espinosa	Colombia
country of citizenship	Artaxias IV or Artashir IV who is also known as Artaxias, Artashes, Artashes IV, Artashir, Ardases, Ardasir and Artases (Armenian: Արտաշես, flourished 5th century) was a Prince who served as a Sassanid Client King of Arsacid Armenia from 422 until 428.	Artaxias IV	Armenia
country of citizenship	Sayed Dhiya Saeed (سيد ضياء سيد سعيد, born July 8, 1992 in Muharraq, Bahrain) is a Bahraini footballer who plays for Al-Riffa in Bahraini Premier League.	Sayed Dhiya Saeed	Bahrain
country of citizenship	Bernard Karsenty (14 June 1920 in Oran, French Algeria - 10 January 2007 in Puteaux, France), was a member of the French Resistance during World War II. He was a leader of the Algiers putsch of 1942.	Bernard Karsenty	France
country of citizenship	Samuel Rosborough Balcom (March 24, 1888 in Port Dufferin, Nova Scotia, Canada -- May 4, 1981) was a Canadian politician, businessman and pharmacist.	Samuel Rosborough Balcom	Canada
country of citizenship	Davidson Andeh (born January 17, 1958) is a retired boxer from Nigeria, who won the world title in the lightweight division (-- 60 kg) at the second World Amateur Championships, held in Belgrade, Yugoslavia.	Davidson Andeh	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Viktor Maier (Russian: Виктор Майер, tr. Viktor Mayer; born May 16, 1990 in Kant, Kyrgyzstan) is a Kyrgyzstani footballer who plays for Meppen.	Viktor Maier	Kyrgyzstan
country of citizenship	Sandra Sirois (born in Montreal, Quebec, Canada) is a Francophone Canadian TV and radio host.	Sandra Sirois	Canada
country of citizenship	Audrey Juma is the director of the Notre Dame Institute of Education in Karachi, Pakistan.	Audrey Juma	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Juliet Marillier (born 27 July 1948) is a New Zealand-born writer of fantasy, focusing predominantly on historical fantasy.	Juliet Marillier	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Engels Pedroza (born September 26, 1966, in San Carlos, Venezuela) is a former Venezuelan boxer.	Engels Pedroza	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Ran Eliran (born 1937), known as ``Israel's Ambassador of Song,'' is an Israeli singer.	Ran Eliran	Israel
country of citizenship	Edmund Bojanowski was born in the small village of Grabonóg, Poland, on 14 November 1814 to a family of Polish nobility (szlachta).	Edmund Bojanowski	Poland
country of citizenship	Raphael Mollet (born 18 June 1988 in Switzerland) is a professional football centre back.	Raphael Mollet	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Keiko Takeshita (竹下景子 Takeshita Keiko; born on September 15, 1953 in Higashi-ku, Nagoya, Japan) is a Japanese actress.	Keiko Takeshita	Japan
country of citizenship	John Stuart Yeates, MBE, PhD (11 July 1900 -- 24 August 1986), also known as Jack Yeates, was a New Zealand academic and botanist.	John Stuart Yeates	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Kerstin Kielgass (German spelling: Kerstin Kielgaß) (born 6 December 1969 in Berlin, East Germany) is a German former swimmer.	Kerstin Kielgass	East Germany
country of citizenship	Yuichi Hibi (born 1964, Nagoya City, Japan) is a Japanese fine art photographer currently living and working out of New York City.	Yuichi Hibi	Japan
country of citizenship	Ronald Hugh Morrieson (29 January 1922 -- 26 December 1972) was a novelist and short story writer in the New Zealand vernacular, who was little known in his home country until after his death.	Ronald Hugh Morrieson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mads Clausen (21 October 1905 -- 27 August 1966) born in Elsmark, parish of Havnbjerg, municipality of Nordborg in Denmark, was a Danish industrialist and founder of Danfoss in 1933.	Mads Clausen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Guillermo Cides was born in Córdoba (Argentina), lived in Olavarría and studied medicine for 3 years at the University of La Plata, then established himself in Buenos Aires and started to work specifically in music, influenced by his friend and musician Sergio Petaco.	Guillermo Cides	Argentina
country of citizenship	Barnabas Sibusiso Dlamini (born 15 May 1942) is the Prime Minister of Swaziland.	Barnabas Sibusiso Dlamini	Swaziland
country of citizenship	Johnny Friedlaender (26 December 1912 -- 18 June 1992) was a leading 20th-century artist, whose works have been exhibited in Germany, France, Netherlands, Italy, Japan and the United States.	Johnny Friedlaender	Germany	France
country of citizenship	Kenneth Cheruiyot (born August 2, 1974) is an athlete from Kenya who specialises in long-distance running.	Kenneth Cheruiyot	Kenya
country of citizenship	Steve Beaton (born 5 April 1964 in Coventry, Warwickshire, England) is a former World No1 English professional darts player for the Professional Darts Corporation (PDC).	Steve Beaton	England
country of citizenship	Dada Amir Haider Khan (1900?-1989) was a communist activist of Pakistan, and revolutionary during the Indian independence movement.	Dada Amir Haider Khan	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Eduardo Nascimento Costa (born 23 September 1982 in Florianópolis, Brazil), known as Eduardo Costa or simply Eduardo, is a Brazilian professional footballer.	Eduardo Costa	Brazil
country of citizenship	Mehmet Aydın is one of Turkey's Ministers of State.	Mehmet Aydın	Turkey
country of citizenship	Cartimandua or Cartismandua (reigned c. AD 43 -- c. 69) was a 1st-century queen of the Brigantes, a Celtic people living in what is now northern England.	Cartimandua	Brigantes
country of citizenship	Jose Ricardo L. Manapat was the Director of the Records Management and Archives Office of the Philippines (The National Archives) from 1996--1998 and 2002--2008.	Jose Ricardo L. Manapat	Philippines
country of citizenship	Stanislav Vladimirovich Mikhaylov (Russian: Станислав Владимирович Михайлов), better known as Stas Mikhaylov (Russian: Стас Михайлов, born 27 April 1969 in Sochi, Russia) is a popular Russian singer and songwriter, Meritorious Artist of the Russian Federation (2010); laureate of Golden Gramophone Award.	Stas Mikhaylov	Russia
country of citizenship	Koffi Gbékandé Eric Kpadé (born September 23, 1958) is a Togolese politician of the ruling Rally of the Togolese People (RPT) who served in the National Assembly of Togo from 1999 to 2007.	Eric Kpadé	Togo
country of citizenship	Marin Boucher (1587 or 1589--1671), was a pioneer of early New France and one of the most prolific ancestors of French Canada, being the ancestor of most of the Bouchers of North America, particularly in the Province of Quebec, Northern New Brunswick, Ontario and Western Canada.	Marin Boucher	France
country of citizenship	Michael Timm (born November 13, 1962 in Hagenow, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern) is a former amateur boxer from East Germany.	Michael Timm	East Germany
country of citizenship	El Maestro Custodio is believed to have been a 14th-century Benedictine monk living in the city of Oviedo in Asturias, Spain.	Maestro Custodio	Spain
country of citizenship	Yoandry Urgellés Cobas (born July 28, 1981 in Santiago de Cuba) is a left fielder for Industriales of the Cuban National Series.	Yoandry Urgellés	Cuba
country of citizenship	Rilany Aguiar da Silva (born 26 June 1986), commonly known as Rilany, is a Brazilian football defender who plays for Ferroviária and the Brazil women's national football team.	Rilany	Brazil
country of citizenship	Konstantin Syomin (often spelled Konstantin Semin, Russian: Константин Викторович Сёмин, born March 16, 1980, Sverdlovsk, Soviet Union (now Yekaterinburg, Russia)) is a Russian journalist and TV news presenter.	Konstantin Syomin	Soviet Union	Russia
country of citizenship	Serge Bambara (also known by his stage name Smockey, born 24 October 1971) is a hip hop artist, actor and political activist from Ouagadougou, the capital of Burkina Faso.	Serge Bambara	Burkina Faso
country of citizenship	Lothar Popp, 54 years, single, merchant, born in Furth, Germany, visa issued in Marseille, France, last permanent residence:	Lothar Popp	Germany
country of citizenship	Theodoros Papoutsoyiannopoulos (born 5 July 1994 in Peristeri, Greece) is a Greek footballer currently playing for the Superleague Greece club Atromitos as a right back.	Theodoros Papoutsoyiannopoulos	Greece
country of citizenship	Henry Strong Price (8 May 1825 -- 30 November 1889), generally known as H.S. Price, or simply Harry Price, was a pioneer sheep pastoralist of South Australia, best known as founder and proprietor of Wilpena Station at Wilpena Pound, today a national park.	Henry Strong Price	Australia
country of citizenship	Roger Pingeon (pronounced: (ʁɔ.ʒe pɛ̃.ʒɔ̃); born 28 August 1940) is a retired professional road bicycle racer from France.	Roger Pingeon	France
country of citizenship	Zhang Zhenhuan (Chinese: 张震寰; 1915--1994) was a general and political leader in the People's Republic of China.	Zhang Zhenhuan	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Neela Padmanabhan (Tamil: நீல பத்பநாபன், born. 26 April 1938), is a Tamil writer from Nagercoil, India.	Neela Padmanabhan	India
country of citizenship	Narra Raghava Reddy (1924--2015) was a leader of the Communist Party of India (Marxist), a six time MLA to Andhra Pradesh Assembly represented Nakrekal constituency of Nalgonda district.	Narra Raghava Reddy	India
country of citizenship	Karol Boscamp-Lasopolski (also Boskamp, de Boscamp, de Boskamp) (died June 28, 1794) was a Dutch diplomat in service of Poland and Russia.	Karol Boscamp-Lasopolski	Poland
country of citizenship	Anderson Soares da Silva, known by his nickname, Neneca (born 11 September 1980 in Rondonópolis, Mato Grosso, Brazil), is a Brazilian football Goalkeeper who plays for Botafogo-SP.	Neneca	Brazil
country of citizenship	Jean-Marie Sander was born on December 23, 1949 in Ohlungen, a small town in northwestern France.	Jean-Marie Sander	France
country of citizenship	Constanze Manziarly (14 April 1920 -- disappeared 2 May 1945) was born in Innsbruck, Austria.	Constanze Manziarly	Austria
country of citizenship	Christos Kontis (Greek: Χρήστος Κόντης, born 13 May 1975 in Athens, Greece) is a retired Greek footballer who finished his career playing for APOEL as a defender .	Christos Kontis	Greece
country of citizenship	Sangob Rattanusorn (born 1943) is a former badminton player from Thailand who won numerous titles and represented his country in team play from the early 1960s through the early 1970s.	Sangob Rattanusorn	Thailand
country of citizenship	Jakob Kellenberger (born 19 October 1944 in Heiden, Switzerland) is a former Swiss diplomat and former president of the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC).	Jakob Kellenberger	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Chantal Groot (born 19 October 1982 in Amsterdam) is a butterfly and freestyle swimmer from the Netherlands, who has represented her country in many international championships since 1999.	Chantal Groot	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Elie Apper (born 1933) is a Belgian classical saxophonist who is well known as a former member of the Saxophone Quartet of Belgium (``Le Quatuor Belge de Saxophones'').	Elie Apper	Belgium
country of citizenship	Nguyễn Văn Nhơn (阮文仁, 1753 - 1822) was a general and official of the Nguyễn Dynasty of Vietnam.	Nguyễn Văn Nhơn	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Morten Moldskred made his international debut for Norway on 5 September 2009, when he was substituted in for Thorstein Helstad in the 2010 World Cup qualifier away to Iceland.	Morten Moldskred	Norway
country of citizenship	Sébastien Tortelli (born 19 August 1978 in Agen, France) is a two-time World Champion motocross racer.	Sébastien Tortelli	France
country of citizenship	Ulrich Körner (born October 25, 1962 in Germany) is a Swiss-German business person.	Ulrich Körner	Germany
country of citizenship	Alejandra Ruddoff (born 1960 in Santiago de Chile) is a Chilean sculptor.	Alejandra Ruddoff	Chile
country of citizenship	Lala Mnatsakanyan (Armenian: Լալա Բաբկենի Մնացականյան, born 8 October 1957) is an Armenian actress and Honoured Artist of the Republic of Armenia.	Lala Mnatsakanyan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Niamh Parsons (born in Dublin, Ireland) is a singer of contemporary and traditional Irish music.	Niamh Parsons	Ireland
country of citizenship	Michał Jonczyk (born 11 March 1992 in Piotrków Trybunalski, Poland) is a Polish footballer who plays for Widzew Łódź in the Ekstraklasa.	Michał Jonczyk	Poland
country of citizenship	Ulrich Karger (3 February 1957 in Berchtesgaden, Bavaria, Germany) is an author and teacher of religion at a school for speech disabled children in Berlin.	Ulrich Karger	Germany
country of citizenship	Mustapha Toumi is the initiator of several major international cultural events held in Algeria.	Mustapha Toumi	Algeria
country of citizenship	Wencho Farrell (born 25 December 1982) is an international footballer from the Netherlands Antilles who plays amateur club football with HCSC.	Wencho Farrell	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Keith Almgren, born 8 November 1957 in Järfälla, Sweden, is a Swedish songwriter and music publisher.	Keith Almgren	Sweden
country of citizenship	Luiz Fernando Guimarães (born November 10, 1949, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a Brazilian actor.	Luiz Fernando Guimarães	Brazil
country of citizenship	Trần Cao Vân (陳高雲, 1866--1916) was a mandarin of the Nguyễn Dynasty who was best known for his activities in attempting to expel the French colonial powers in Vietnam.	Trần Cao Vân	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Taras Chornovil was born on June 1, 1964 in Lviv, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union (now Ukraine), to Vyacheslav Chornovil, a former Soviet dissident, politician, and founder of the People's Movement of Ukraine, and his wife, Olena Antoniv.	Taras Chornovil	Soviet Union	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Bhekumuzi Hyacinth Mseleku, generally known as Bheki Mseleku (3 March 1955 -- 9 September 2008), was a jazz musician from South Africa.	Bheki Mseleku	South Africa
country of citizenship	A street in Odense, Denmark, Olaf Ryes Gade.	Olaf Rye	Denmark
country of citizenship	Yang Yinliu (simplified Chinese: 杨荫浏; traditional Chinese: 楊蔭瀏; pinyin: Yáng Yìnliú) (1899--1984) was a musicologist from the People's Republic of China.	Yang Yinliu	China
country of citizenship	Ian Gregson (born September 2, 1962) is an actor, musician, activist and author in British Columbia, Canada.	Ian Gregson	Canada
country of citizenship	Tanasak Srisai (Thai: ธนะศักดิ์ ศรีใส, born September 25, 1989), simply known as Bee (Thai: บี), is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Tanasak Srisai	Thailand
country of citizenship	Mohammad Attai was an Afghanistan field hockey player, who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympic Games and played in all three games.	Mohammad Attai	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Sean Greenwood (born 30 July 1987) is a Canadian-born skeleton racer that represents Ireland.	Sean Greenwood	Ireland
country of citizenship	Cristina Donà (Rho, Italy, September 23, 1967) is an Italian singer and songwriter.	Cristina Donà	Italy
country of citizenship	Vidar Vang grew up in Bjerkvik, in Northern Norway.	Vidar Vang	Norway
country of citizenship	Stéphane Lambese (born 10 May 1995 in Nogent-sur-Marne, France) is a Haitian footballer who plays for Paris Saint-Germain B.	Stéphane Lambese	France
country of citizenship	Giovane Alves da Silva (traditional Chinese: 基奧雲尼; simplified Chinese: 思华 born November 25, 1982 in Taió, Santa Catarina, Brazil), commonly known as Giovane, is a Brazilian footballer, who plays as a striker for Eastern.	Giovane Alves da Silva	Brazil
country of citizenship	Ludwig Bölkow (30 June 1912 -- 25 July 2003) was one of the aeronautical pioneers of Germany.	Ludwig Bölkow	Germany
country of citizenship	Supaphorn Prompinit (Thai: สุภภรณ์ พรหมพินิจ; born March 3, 1989 also spelled Suphaphorn Phromphinit) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Supaphorn Prompinit	Thailand
country of citizenship	Pär Granstedt (born 1945) is a Swedish politician and former member of the Parliament of Sweden for the Centre Party from 1973 to 1994.	Pär Granstedt	Sweden
country of citizenship	Avigdor Dagan (Viktor Fischl, June 30, 1912 in Hradec Králové, Austria-Hungary - May 28, 2006, Israel) was an Israeli writer, a playwright and literary translator; a diplomat.	Avigdor Dagan	Israel
country of citizenship	Yossi Katz (Hebrew: יוסי כץ‎‎, born 19 August 1949) is an Israeli former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Labor Party and One Israel between 1992 and 2003.	Yossi Katz	Israel
country of citizenship	Amanda Truelove (born 1961) is a cellist from the United Kingdom.	Amanda Truelove	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Aluf Dan Harel (Hebrew: דן הראל‎; born 1955) is a retired general in the Israel Defense Forces and a former Deputy Chief of the General Staff.	Dan Harel	Israel
country of citizenship	Abdisalaam Issa Khatib is a Member of Parliament in the National Assembly of Tanzania.	Abdisalaam Issa Khatib	Tanzania
country of citizenship	Joseph Villiet (August 10, 1823 - July 10, 1877) was a French master stained glass artist born in Ébreuil, France.	Joseph Villiet	France
country of citizenship	Marie Monsen (Chinese: 孟瑪麗, born 1878 in Sandviken, Norway -- 1962) was a Norwegian missionary active in North and Central China between 1901 and 1932.	Marie Monsen	Norway
country of citizenship	Annette Kansy (born 13 June 1955 in Dresden, Sachsen, East Germany/GDR) was a German pair skater.	Annette Kansy	East Germany
country of citizenship	Dr. Moises Frumencio da Costa Gomez (1907--1966) was the first Prime Minister of the Netherlands Antilles.	Moises Frumencio da Costa Gomez	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Silvio Rafael Gamez (born August 8, 1963), better known as Leo Gamez, is a former boxer from Venezuela.	Leo Gamez	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Ernest Beaglehole (25 August 1906 -- 23 October 1965) was a New Zealand psychologist and ethnologist best known for his work in establishing an anthropological baseline for numerous Pacific Island cultures.	Ernest Beaglehole	New Zealand
country of citizenship	The German Democratic Republic (East Germany) had been formally founded (from what had previously been designated the Soviet occupation zone) in October 1949, and in 1951 Karl Linke and his wife both took East German citizenship.	Karl Linke	East Germany
country of citizenship	John Xintavelonis (also known as John X) is a Tasmanian actor and comedian, known in Australia for his performance as Pumbaa the warthog in the Australian production of the stage musical, The Lion King.	John Xintavelonis	Australia
country of citizenship	A gifted ruler, Sir Kalb Ali Khan was highly literate in Arabic and Persian and patronised scholars from across India and the Islamic world.	Kalb Ali Khan	India
country of citizenship	Isabel Montero de la Cámara is a Costa Rican diplomat, born in San José, Costa Rica, in 1942 as the daughter of Francisco Montero Madrigal and Joyce de la Cámara.	Isabel Montero de la Cámara	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Odd Bondevik (20 June 1941 -- 6 September 2014) was a Norwegian theologian who was the Bishop of the Diocese of Møre in the Church of Norway from 17 November 1991 until retirement in 2008.	Odd Bondevik	Norway
country of citizenship	Pope Clement XIV and the customs of the Catholic Church in Rome are described in letters of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and of his father Leopold Mozart, written from Rome in April and May 1770 during their tour of Italy.	Pope Clement XIV	Italy
country of citizenship	Kraison Panjaroen (Thai: ไกรสร ปั้นเจริญ, born June 15, 1986) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Kraison Panjaroen	Thailand
country of citizenship	Eric Ang (born February 2, 1971) is a shooter from the Philippines.	Eric Ang	Philippines
country of citizenship	Vladimir Cruz (born in Villa Clara, Cuba on July 26, 1965) is a Cuban actor who has appeared in a number of feature films, television series, theatre works, and shorts.	Vladimir Cruz	Cuba
country of citizenship	Patrice Kayo is an African scholar, poet, and author born in 1942 in Bandjoun, West Province, Cameroon.	Patrice Kayo	Cameroon
country of citizenship	Princess Zahra Aga Khan (born 18 September 1970 in Geneva, Switzerland) is the eldest child of Aga Khan IV.	Zahra Aga Khan	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Jez Mead is a singer/song writer from Perth, Western Australia.	Jez Mead	Australia
country of citizenship	Stig Broeckx (born May 10, 1990 in Mol, Belgium) is a Belgian cyclist riding for Lotto-Soudal.	Stig Broeckx	Belgium
country of citizenship	Sergio Mayer Breton Izturiz Pinilla, (born May 21, 1966 in Mexico City) is a Mexican actor, singer and producer.	Sergio Mayer	Mexico
country of citizenship	Shane Rangi (born 3 February 1969) is a New Zealand actor from Ngati Porou.	Shane Rangi	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Marcus Kretzer (born May 9, 1965 in Hilden, Germany) is a German pianist and music teacher.	Marcus Kretzer	Germany
country of citizenship	Lina Jacques-Sébastien (born 10 April 1985 in Créteil, France) is a French sprint athlete who specializes in the 100 metres and 200 metres.	Lina Jacques-Sébastien	France
country of citizenship	Shintaro Yoshida (由田 慎太郎, born July 20, 1981) is a Japanese professional baseball outfielder for the Orix Buffaloes in Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball.	Shintaro Yoshida	Japan
country of citizenship	Debbie White (born 23 April 1978 in Balclutha, New Zealand) is a New Zealand netball player.	Debbie White	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hassan Koeman Sesay (born 5 September 1981 in Freetown, Sierra Leone) is a Sierra Leonean international footballer who plays for Hà Nội ACB, one of the biggest clubs in the Vietnamese top football league.	Hassan Koeman Sesay	Sierra Leone
country of citizenship	Carmelo Borg Pisani (1915-1942) was a Maltese-born artist and Italian Fascist who, on being discovered during an espionage mission in Malta, was found guilty by a British war tribunal and executed for alleged treason.	Carmelo Borg Pisani	Malta
country of citizenship	Marthe Robin was born into a peasant farming family on 13 March 1902 in Châteauneuf-de-Galaure (Drôme, France), in a hamlet called Les Moillés, which was locally known as ``La Plaine''.	Marthe Robin	France
country of citizenship	Kebawah Duli Yang Maha Mulia Maulana Al-Sultan Abdul Momin Ibnu Almarhum Pengiran Shahbandar Pengiran Anak Abdul Wahab (before 21 May 1788 -- 30 May 1885) was the sultan of Brunei from 1852 until his death.	Abdul Momin	Brunei
country of citizenship	Lidia Bobrova (born 13 June 1952) is a Russian film director born in Zabaikalsk, Soviet Union (now Russia).	Lidia Bobrova	Soviet Union	Russia
country of citizenship	Jean-Pierre Coopman (born in Ingelmunster, Belgium, 7 November 1946) is a retired Belgian boxer who is best known for his title fight against Muhammad Ali in 1976, which Ali won by KO in round 5.	Jean-Pierre Coopman	Belgium
country of citizenship	Oséas Reis dos Santos (born May 14, 1971 in Salvador, Bahia, Brazil) is a retired Brazilian football player.	Oséas	Brazil
country of citizenship	Aleksandar Kolarov (Serbian Cyrillic: Александар Коларов; Serbian pronunciation: (alɛksǎːndar kɔlǎrɔʋ); born 10 November 1985) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for English club Manchester City and the Serbia national team.	Aleksandar Kolarov	Serbia
country of citizenship	Daniel Austin was a Christian Brigadier General in the Pakistan Army.	Daniel Austin	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Major-General Robert Cawthome (Urdu: رابرٹ کاتھوم‎) was an Australian-born British Army general officer, later serving in the Pakistan Army.	Robert Cawthome	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Piero Taruffi (12 October 1906, Albano Laziale -- 12 January 1988), was a racing driver from Italy, and also the father of lady racer Prisca Taruffi.	Piero Taruffi	Italy
country of citizenship	Abdul Baiz Kamardeen (sometimes Abdul Baais Kamardeen) is a Sri Lankan politician, a former member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka and a former government minister.	Abdul Baiz Kamardeen	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Walter Augustin Villiger (1872--1938; his first name is sometimes spelt Walther) was a Swiss astronomer and Carl Zeiss engineer who discovered an asteroid while was working in Munich, Germany.	Walter Augustin Villiger	Germany
country of citizenship	Christian Isobel Johnstone (1781--1857) was a prolific journalist and author in Scotland in the nineteenth century.	Christian Isobel Johnstone	Scotland
country of citizenship	Dame Maroie or Maroie de Dregnau de Lille (fl. 13th century) was a trouvère from Arras, in Artois, France.	Dame Maroie	France
country of citizenship	Desmond Gregory Mair is a Jamaican Labour Party member of the Parliament of Jamaica representing the Saint Catherine North East constituency.	Gregory Mair	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Ronald Cavaye is a British pianist, born in England and a resident of the United Kingdom.	Ronald Cavaye	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Emilia de Poret, born Emilia Andreen on August 10, 1976, in Luleå, Sweden, is a Swedish singer and songwriter.	Emilia de Poret	Sweden
country of citizenship	Enriqueta Pinto Garmendia was First Lady of Chile and the wife of President Manuel Bulnes.	Enriqueta Pinto	Chile
country of citizenship	Mihaela Rodica Popescu Bitănescu (Romanian pronunciation: (roˈdika poˈpesku bitəˈnesku); born 5 May 1938 in Răsuceni, Ilfov County, Romania) is a Romanian actress.	Rodica Popescu Bitănescu	Romania
country of citizenship	Reyhna Malhotra (born in Srinagar, India) is an Indian model and bollywood film actress.	Reyhna Malhotra	India
country of citizenship	Luís Andrés Edo (7 November 1925 -- 14 February 2009) was a militant and historian of Spain's anarchosyndicalist movement the CNT.	Luís Andrés Edo	Spain
country of citizenship	Jann Wilde (Jani Tuovinen) is a Finnish singer/songwriter from Tampere, Finland.	Jann Wilde	Finland
country of citizenship	Francisco Fedullo, also spelt as Francesco, (27 May 1905 -- 30 November 1952) was a footballer who played international football for both Uruguay and Italy.	Francisco Fedullo	Uruguay	Italy
country of citizenship	Zarsanga is a famous Pashto singer from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.	Zarsanga	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Máximo Jerez Tellería (6 June 1818 in León, Nicaragua -- 11 August 1881 in Washington, D.C., USA) was a 19th-century Nicaraguan politician, lawyer and military leader.	Máximo Jerez	Nicaragua
country of citizenship	José Santiago de Bonilla y Laya-Bolívar was president of the Junta Superior Gubernativa of Costa Rica from April to July 1822.	Santiago de Bonilla y Laya-Bolívar	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Ugyen Ugyen (born 2 June 1974) is an archer who represented Bhutan internationally.	Ugyen Ugyen	Bhutan
country of citizenship	Dr Alireza Jamshidi (or Ali-Reza Jamshidi) is an official spokesman for Iran's judiciary, headed by Mahmoud Shahroudi.	Alireza Jamshidi	Iran
country of citizenship	Valdemiro Santiago (born November 2, 1963 in Palma, Minas Gerais, Brazil) is a Brazilian evangelical pastor and leader of the World Church of the Power of God.	Valdemiro Santiago	Brazil
country of citizenship	Ahmad Suradji (10 January 1949 -- 10 July 2008) was a serial killer in Indonesia.	Ahmad Suradji	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Humberto Nilo Saavedra (born in Santiago de Chile in 1954) was the director of the University of Chile school of arts.	Humberto Nilo	Chile
country of citizenship	Nasir Imanguliyev (Azerbaijani: Nəsir İmanquliyev) was an eminent journalist, a scientist and public figure of Azerbaijan.	Nasir Imanguliyev	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Desiderio Hernández Xochitiotzin (born San Bernardino Contla, February 11, 1922 -- died Tlaxcala, September 14, 2007) was a Mexican artist best known for his large-scale mural work inside the State Government Palace in the state of Tlaxcala, Mexico, the last large scale mural of the Mexican muralism movement.	Desiderio Hernández Xochitiotzin	Mexico
country of citizenship	Elly Ney (27 September 1882 -- 31 March 1968) was a German romantic pianist who specialized in Beethoven, and was especially popular in Germany.	Elly Ney	Germany
country of citizenship	Krzysztof Klenczon (born January 14, 1942 in Pułtusk, Poland, d. April 7, 1981 in Chicago) was a Polish singer and songwriter, member of Czerwone Gitary, later Trzy Korony.	Krzysztof Klenczon	Poland
country of citizenship	Mohamed Aleem is a Sri Lankan international footballer who plays as a Midfielder for Java Lane in the Sri Lanka Football Premier League.	Mohamed Aleem	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Raymond Molinier (1904--1994) was a leader of the Trotskyist movement in France and a pioneer of the Fourth International.	Raymond Molinier	France
country of citizenship	Zairaini Sarbini is a Malaysian freelance voice actress who dubs for anime, foreign films, cartoons and TV programs in Malay that air on the Astro Ceria, Nickelodeon, Cartoon Network and Disney Channel Malaysia.	Zairaini Sarbini	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Roberto Cabot is in many public and private collections, including the MASP and MAM - Gilberto Chateaubriand, in Brazil, Deutsche Bank and Hoffmann, in Germany, and CAAM - Centro Atlantico de Arte Moderna, in Spain.	Roberto Cabot	Brazil
country of citizenship	Kobi Bosshard (born 1939 in Uster, Switzerland) is a Swiss-born New Zealand jeweller.	Kobi Bosshard	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Sophia Fenwick (born 12 December 1992) is a New Zealand netball player.	Sophia Fenwick	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Zaman Molla played his first game of table tennis at age 14 and at age 17 was the top player on the Iran Junior National Table Tennis Team.	Zaman Molla	Iran
country of citizenship	Ettore Bugatti was born into an artistic family with its origin in Milan, Italy.	Ettore Bugatti	Italy
country of citizenship	Rodolfo Brindisi (1932-2009) was an Argentine actor who appeared in film and television in Argentina between 1970 and 2003.	Rodolfo Brindisi	Argentina
country of citizenship	Heinrich C. Berann, (1915--1999) the father of the modern panorama map, was born into a family of painters and sculptors in Innsbruck, Austria.	Heinrich C. Berann	Austria
country of citizenship	Jeewan Kumaranatunga (born 7 November 1958) is a Sri Lankan film actor who later became a politician, a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka and a government minister.	Jeewan Kumaranatunga	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Alice Taticchi (born June 25, 1990 in Perugia, Umbria, Italy) is an Italian fashion model, beauty pageant contestant, and the winner of the fourth cycle of Italia's Next Top Model.	Alice Taticchi	Italy
country of citizenship	Neha Dhupia (born 27 August 1980 in Kochi, India) is an Indian actress and beauty queen who has worked in several Bollywood films.	Neha Dhupia	India
country of citizenship	Mirjam Jaeger (Mirjam Jäger (German: /ˈjɛːɡɐ/); born 9 November 1982 in Zürich, Switzerland) is a former freestyle skier.	Mirjam Jäger	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Leoncio Evita Enoy (Udubuandolo, August 8, 1929 - Bata, December 1996) was an intellectual, painter and writer from Equatorial Guinea.	Leoncio Evita Enoy	Equatorial Guinea
country of citizenship	Lee Dong-whun (Korean: 이동훈, born June 25, 1987 in Seoul, South Korea) is a South Korean figure skater.	Lee Dong-whun	South Korea
country of citizenship	Alejandro Speitzer (Born May 31, 1995, Culiacán, Sinaloa, Mexico), is a Mexican actor.	Alejandro Speitzer	Mexico
country of citizenship	Giovanni Evangelisti (born 11 September 1961 in Rimini) is a retired long jumper from Italy.	Giovanni Evangelisti	Italy
country of citizenship	Phurba Sherpa (Nepali: फुर्वा शेर्पा) (born 17 September), is a Filmmaker, Music Video Director, Television Director / Producer and Nepali singer whose most prominent album, Geet Ek Akshar Ko features the world's first ever one-letter song in the world music industry, ``Song of Nepal''.	Phurba Sherpa	Nepal
country of citizenship	Sir James Stuart, 1st Baronet of Oxford (March 2, 1780 -- July 14, 1853) was a lawyer, judge and political figure in Lower Canada.	Sir James Stuart, 1st Baronet	Canada
country of citizenship	Cheba Maria is a singer of Casablanca, Morocco.	Cheba Maria	Morocco
country of citizenship	Chandra Bahadur Thapa Magar(Nepali: चन्द्रबहादुर थापामगर), a.k.a. 'Sagar', is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist).	Chandra Bahadur Thapa	Nepal
country of citizenship	John Turnbull Thomson (10 August 1821 -- 16 October 1884) was a British civil engineer and artist who played an instrumental role in the development of the early infrastructure of nineteenth-century Singapore and New Zealand.	John Turnbull Thomson	Singapore	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Alex Riel (born 13 September 1940 in Copenhagen, Denmark) is a Danish jazz and rock drummer.	Alex Riel	Denmark
country of citizenship	Nossrat Peseschkian (June 18, 1933 -- April 27, 2010) lived in Germany since 1954.	Nossrat Peseschkian	Germany
country of citizenship	Malika Madi (born 18 November 1967) is a Belgian novelist, living in La Louvière, Belgium.	Malika Madi	Belgium
country of citizenship	Clem Captein, is a New Zealand Commonwealth Games silver medalist.	Clem Captein	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ignacio Rolón (born 23 November 1974 in San Antonio, Paraguay) is a Paraguayan footballer currently playing for General Díaz of the Paraguayan Division Intermedia.	Ignacio Rolón	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Abdulah Sidran, the second of four children, was born in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina on 2 October 1944, although several sources inaccurately give his date of birth as 29 September 1944.	Abdulah Sidran	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Alhaji Abdulkadir Shehu was acting Administrator of Delta State, Nigeria between November and December 1993 immediately after General Sani Abacha had assumed power from the civilian government.	Abdulkadir Shehu	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Kristian Rees (born 6 January 1980 in Adelaide, South Australia, Australia) is an Australian football (soccer) player who plays as a central defender.	Kristian Rees	Australia
country of citizenship	Sunan Murya (or Muria) is, according to the Babad Tanah Jawi (``History of the land of Java'') manuscripts, one of the Wali Sanga (``Nine Saints'') involved in propagating Islam in Indonesia.	Sunan Murya	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Miguel Ángel Carbonell (born in Resistencia (Chaco), Argentina) is a former Argentine footballer currently played for clubs of Argentina and Chile.	Miguel Ángel Carbonell	Argentina
country of citizenship	Arumuka Navalar (Tamil: ஆறுமுக நாவலர், āṟumuka nāvalar ?, 18 December 1822 -- 5 December 1879) was one of the early revivalists of native Hindu Tamil traditions in Sri Lanka and India.	Arumuka Navalar	India
country of citizenship	Navy Captain (later Commodore) Joseph Abulu was the first Military Administrator of Anambra State in Nigeria from 27 August 1991 to 1 January 1992 after the Enugu State had been split from the old Anambra during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida.	Joseph Abulu	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Gilbert Sinoué (born 18 February 1947 in Cairo, Egypt) is a classically trained guitarist and author who has lived in France since the age of 19.	Gilbert Sinoué	France
country of citizenship	Tabaré Aguerre Lombardo (born 1957 in Montevideo) is an agronomist, entrepreneur and politician from Uruguay.	Tabaré Aguerre	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Semih Kaya (Turkish pronunciation: (semih kɑjɑ), born 24 February 1991) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays for Turkish club Galatasaray and the Turkey national team.	Semih Kaya	Turkey
country of citizenship	Olivier Libaux (born May 5, 1964 in Boulogne-sur-Mer, France) is a French record producer, songwriter, and guitarist.	Olivier Libaux	France
country of citizenship	Sarjoo Gowreesunkur was the Mauritius national football team coach in 1996 and 2006.	Sarjoo Gowreesunkur	Mauritius
country of citizenship	Václav Chalupa, Jr. (born December 7, 1967 in Jindřichův Hradec, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech rower who competed at six consecutive Olympics from 1988 to 2008, winning a silver medal in 1992 behind Thomas Lange in the single scull.	Václav Chalupa	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Tony Lomo (born 17 December 1983 in Takwa) is a Solomon Islands judoka who competes in the men's 60 kg category.	Tony Lomo	Solomon Islands
country of citizenship	Henry de Puyjalon (born 15 March 1841 Floirac, Lot, France -- died 18 August 1905, l'île à la Chasse, Sept-Îles, Quebec) was a late 19th-century scientist and explorer.	Henry de Puyjalon	France
country of citizenship	Nasuhi al-Bukhari (Arabic: نصوحي البخاري‎) or Nasuh al-Boukhari (Arabic: نصوح البخاري‎) (1881 -- 1 July 1961) was a Syrian soldier and politician who briefly served as Prime Minister of Syria in 1939.	Nasuhi al-Bukhari	Syria
country of citizenship	Joseph-Irénée-René Hamel (February 9, 1910 -- December 16, 1982) was a local politician in Quebec, Canada.	René Hamel	Canada
country of citizenship	Uco van Wijk (20 May 1924, Jogjakarta, Dutch East Indies -- 10 August 1966) was a Dutch astronomer and educator who founded the astronomy program at the University of Maryland and was instrumental in bringing Gart Westerhout from the Netherlands to become Department Head.	Uco van Wijk	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Xin Detao (born 1991) is a Chinese ski mountaineer, and member of the national selection of the People's Republic of China.	Xin Detao	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Azra Jehan is a two-time Nigar Award winning playback singer from Pakistan.	Azra Jehan	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Theodor Meyer (July 1, 1882 -- March 8, 1972 in Bad Bevensen, Germany) was a mathematician, a student of Ludwig Prandtl, and a founder of the scientific discipline now known as compressible flow or gas dynamics.	Theodor Meyer	Germany
country of citizenship	Joseph Sriyal Malik Peiris (裴偉士), FRS, Légion d'Honneur, was born on 10 November 1949, in Sri Lanka.	Malik Peiris	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	María Peláez Navarrete (born 13 November 1977 in Málaga, Andalusia) is a former butterfly swimmer from Spain, who competed at five consecutive Summer Olympics for her native country, starting in 1992.	María Peláez	Spain
country of citizenship	Marcelo Chimento (born 1933) was an Argentine actor who made several appearances in film and television in Argentina in the 1970s and early 1980s.	Marcelo Chimento	Argentina
country of citizenship	Houshang Montazeralzohour was the national champion of Iran in 82 kg weight class for several years.	Houshang Montazeralzohour	Iran
country of citizenship	Dirceu José Guimarães, known as Dirceu (Portuguese pronunciation: (dʒiʁˈsew); 15 June 1952 -- 15 September 1995), was a football player from Brazil.	Dirceu	Brazil
country of citizenship	Lieutenant General Aye Ko (Burmese: အေးကို, 19 September 1921 -- 26 September 2006) is the former Commander in Chief of the Armed Forces of Union of Myanmar.	Aye Ko	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Armando Zeferino Soares, (1920 in São Nicolau, Cape Verde - April 3, 2007) was a Capeverdean composer, author of the famous song Sodade.	Armando Zeferino Soares	Cape Verde
country of citizenship	William Pierpont Black (born Wilhelm Peter Negrescu; c.1877 -- 29 April 1942) was a New Zealand wood carver, journal editor and publisher, journalist.	William Pierpont Black	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Nisbet McRobie (5 November 1872 -- 27 September 1929) was a New Zealand rugby union player, master printer, newspaper proprietor, and politician.	Nisbet McRobie	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Fiorella Viñas (born c. 1984) is the 2006 Miss Peru.	Fiorella Viñas	Peru
country of citizenship	Alexander Altmann (April 16, 1906 -- June 6, 1987) was an Orthodox Jewish scholar and rabbi born in Kassa, Austria-Hungary, today Košice, Slovakia.	Alexander Altmann	Austria
country of citizenship	Muzahim Sa'b Hassan al-Tikriti was the Air Defense Forces Commander of Iraq under the rule of Saddam Hussein from 1999 until 2003.	Muzahim Sa'b Hassan al-Tikriti	Iraq
country of citizenship	Pedro Rosso Leal is the ambassador of Cuba to Angola.	Pedro Rosso Leal	Cuba
country of citizenship	Sambo Dasuki (born December 2, 1954) is a retired Nigerian Army Colonel and former National Security Adviser (NSA) to the President of Nigeria.	Sambo Dasuki	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Maurice Sunguti (born 6 October 1977) is a Kenya international football striker who has played for clubs in Kenya, Uganda, Sweden, Vietnam and Tanzania.	Maurice Sunguti	Kenya
country of citizenship	Boredoms (ボアダムス (Boadamusu)) (later known as V∞redoms) is a rock band from Osaka, Japan.	Boredoms	Japan
country of citizenship	K. A. Soman (born in 1953), also known as Somji, is an artist from Kerala, India.	K. A. Soman	India
country of citizenship	Henrique Dias (died 1662) was a soldier and militia leader born in the Portuguese colony of Brazil.	Henrique Dias	Brazil
country of citizenship	She went on a Vietnam tour Tiếng Hát Mỹ Linh in 1998, performing in Hanoi, Da Nang and Ho Chi Minh City.	Mỹ Linh	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Ian Fairweather (29 September 1891 -- 20 May 1974) was a Scottish painter resident in Australia for much of life.	Ian Fairweather	Australia
country of citizenship	Stefano Lentini (born November 26, 1974) is an Italian composer and musician born in Rome, Italy.	Stefano Lentini	Italy
country of citizenship	Ed Kowalchuk (August 21, 1926--June 4, 2003) was an administrator and elected official in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	Ed Kowalchuk	Canada
country of citizenship	Johannes Nevala, born 1966 in Finland, is an artist who paints birds, especially on the seashore where he captures the birds in oil, watercolors and different graphic techniques.	Johannes Nevala	Finland
country of citizenship	Natalia Duritskaya (Russian: Наталья Ивановна Дурицкая, July 16, 1960, Taganrog) is a Russian painter and a member of the Union of Artists of Russia.	Natalia Duritskaya	Russia
country of citizenship	Eraldon Manuel Barañao (born 1790), was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina but traveled to Chile in 1809, becoming a revolutionary supporter of Juan Martínez de Rozas and taking up commerce.	Manuel Barañao	Argentina
country of citizenship	Ardijan Nuhiji (Macedonian: Ардијан Нухии, born 7 December 1978 in Skopje) is an association footballer from the Republic of Macedonia.	Ardijan Nuhiji	Macedonia
country of citizenship	Paraskevi Kantza (born 8 August 1976) is a paralympic athlete from Greece competing mainly in category T11 sprint events and the long jump.	Paraskevi Kantza	Greece
country of citizenship	Sébastien Chabaud (born 9 March 1977 in Marseille, France), aka Chabaud, is a former French football player who used to play in the Belgian Jupiler League.	Sébastien Chabaud	France
country of citizenship	Ali Selmi is a football manager from Tunisia.	Ali Selmi	Tunisia
country of citizenship	Semra Özal (12 January 1934, İstanbul) was the 8th First Lady of Turkey.	Semra Özal	Turkey
country of citizenship	Clint Bajada (born 24 June 1982 in Paola, Malta) is a television and radio personality.	Clint Bajada	Malta
country of citizenship	Oscar Danielson is a Samoan-born former rugby league player who represented New Zealand in the 1968 World Cup.	Oscar Danielson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Christophe Roux (born July 27, 1983 in Switzerland) is an alpine skier representing Moldova.	Christophe Roux	Switzerland
country of citizenship	George Ralph Richardson Cockburn (February 14, 1834 -- January 18, 1912) was a Scottish-born educator and political figure in Ontario, Canada.	George Ralph Richardson Cockburn	Canada
country of citizenship	Kritsakorn Kerdpol (Thai: กฤษกร เกิดผล, born January 21, 1985) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Kritsakorn Kerdpol	Thailand
country of citizenship	Gül Gölge (born September 28, 1981 in İzmir, Turkey) is the well-known former host of the program ``Canlı Canlı'' which is aired on Kanal D. She is also a model and actress, having acted in Çiçek Taksi, Yapayalnız and Köpek among others dramas and soaps.	Gül Gölge	Turkey
country of citizenship	Antoine de Pluvinel was born in the town of Crest, then in the province of the Dauphiné in France.	Antoine de Pluvinel	France
country of citizenship	Christos Maniatis (Greek: Χρήστος Μανιάτης) (born 5 June 1991) is a Greek footballer who plays for Thrasyvoulos F.C. in the Football League (Greece) as a Right back .	Christos Maniatis	Greece
country of citizenship	Mirnes Mešić (born on 16 March 1978 in Doboj, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina) is a Bosnian football player who currently plays for Kickers Obertshausen.	Mirnes Mešić	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	He was the son of soldier and statesman Carlos María de Alvear and father of Marcelo Torcuato de Alvear, president of Argentina from 1922 to 1928.	Torcuato de Alvear	Argentina
country of citizenship	Carlos Alberto Campos Ávila (born 13 April 1992 in Mexico D.F.) is a Mexican footballer, currently playing as a Midfielder for Pumas de la UNAM of the Primera División de México.	Carlos Alberto Campos	Mexico
country of citizenship	Axel Miller (born 20 February 1965, Uccle, Belgium) is a Belgian businessman.	Axel Miller	Belgium
country of citizenship	Philippe Couvreur (born 29 November 1951 in Schaerbeek, Belgium) currently serves as registrar at the International Court of Justice.	Philippe Couvreur	Belgium
country of citizenship	Damir Skomina (born 5 August 1976 in Koper) is a UEFA football referee from Slovenia.	Damir Skomina	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Pekka Karppinen, professionally known as Kuningas Pähkinä, is a Finnish rapper born in Vaasa, Finland.	Kuningas Pähkinä	Finland
country of citizenship	Leslie James Ellis (24 November 1910--30 March 1971) was a New Zealand jockey and racehorse trainer.	Leslie James Ellis	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Lefteris Matsoukas (Greek: Λευτέρης Ματσούκας; born 7 March 1990 in Piraeus) is a Greek footballer who plays for Fostiras in the Football League (Greece), as a Forward.	Lefteris Matsoukas	Greece
country of citizenship	Abubakari Kankani (born December 25, 1976) is a Ghanaian football (soccer) player currently playing at the position of Goalkeeper for the Ghana club Norchip Sepe Timpom.	Abubakari Kankani	Ghana
country of citizenship	Helidon Gjergji (born in Tirana, Albania) is a contemporary artist who works in various mediums.	Helidon Gjergji	Albania
country of citizenship	Jaerock Lee (born 1943, Muan County, Jeollanam-do, South Korea) is a Christian author and the senior pastor of the Manmin Central Church in Seoul.	Jaerock Lee	South Korea
country of citizenship	Nguyễn Đăng Kỉnh was a Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-21 pilot of the Vietnamese People's Air Force who flew with the 921st fighter regiment and tied for fourth place amongst Vietnam War fighter aces with six kills.	Nguyễn Đăng Kỉnh	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Altin Kaftira (born 1972 in Albania) is a former danseur with the Dutch National Ballet in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Altin Kaftira	Albania
country of citizenship	Radu Mihnea (1586--1626) was Voivode (Prince) of Wallachia between September 1601 and March 1602, and again between March and May 1611, September 1611 and August 1616, August 1620 and August 1623, and Voivode (Prince) of Moldavia in 1616--1619, 1623--1626.	Radu Mihnea	Wallachia	Moldavia
country of citizenship	Hermann Jäger (7 October 1815 -- 5 January 1890) was born October 7, 1815 at Münchenbernsdorf, Saxony (now Germany).	Hermann Jäger	Germany
country of citizenship	Dallas McIlwain (born 24 January 1982 in Inverell, New South Wales, Australia) is an Australian rugby league player for the Canterbury Bulldogs club in the National Rugby League competition.	Dallas McIlwain	Australia
country of citizenship	Dag Hammarskjöld was born in Jönköping, Sweden, but spent most of his childhood in Uppsala.	Dag Hammarskjöld	Sweden
country of citizenship	Kalina Jędrusik was born in 1931 in Gnaszyn, now part of Częstochowa, as a daughter of Henryk Jędrusik, a member of the Senate of Poland.	Kalina Jędrusik	Poland
country of citizenship	Narayanacharya speaks English, Kannada, Sanskrit and Tamil and has lectured all over India.	Narayanacharya	India
country of citizenship	Claude Antoine Dacosta (1931 -- 1 May 2007) was a Congolese politician who served as the Prime Minister of the Republic of the Congo from December 6, 1992, until June 23, 1993.	Claude Antoine Dacosta	Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Richard Desjardins (born March 16, 1948 in Rouyn, Quebec, Canada) is a Québécois folk singer and film director.	Richard Desjardins	Canada
country of citizenship	Born in Brazil, Liédson became a Portuguese citizen in 2009 and appeared with the national team at the 2010 World Cup, already in his 30s.	Liédson	Brazil
country of citizenship	Born in Rijswijk, Coen Teulings was the grandson of Frans Teulings, Deputy Prime Minister of the Netherlands 1951-52.	Coen Teulings	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Aaron Trinder (born 6 November 1980 in New Zealand) is a rugby league player who currently plays for the Norths Devils in the Queensland Cup.	Aaron Trinder	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Oko Jumbo (died 1891) was an important chief in the Kingdom of Bonny, a state in the Niger Delta, now part of Rivers State, Nigeria.	Oko Jumbo	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Erni Mangold lives, as of 2011, in Sankt Leonhard am Hornerwald, a little town in Waldviertel, Lower Austria.	Erni Mangold	Austria
country of citizenship	Michał Bajor (born 13 June 1957 in Głuchołazy, Poland) is a Polish actor and musician.	Michał Bajor	Poland
country of citizenship	Cyril Panther (born 6 June 1938 in Nigeria) was a Nigerian boxer.	Cyril Panther	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Hugh Allan MacQuarrie (November 25, 1874 -- February 28, 1942) was an undertaker, furniture dealer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada.	Hugh Allan MacQuarrie	Canada
country of citizenship	Adjaratou Abdoulaye is a Togolese politician and a member of the Pan-African Parliament from Togo.	Adjaratou Abdoulaye	Togo
country of citizenship	Aliou Coly started playing football for Casa Sports in Senegal.	Aliou Coly	Senegal
country of citizenship	Peter Schutz was born to Jewish parents in Berlin, Germany.	Peter Schutz	Germany
country of citizenship	Yeohlee Teng is an American fashion designer originally from Malaysia and of Chinese heritage.	Yeohlee	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Xue Haifeng (Chinese: 薛海峰; pinyin: Xuē Hǎifēng, born January 13, 1980 in Ili, Xinjiang, People's Republic of China) is an archer from the People's Republic of China.	Xue Haifeng	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Jorge Córdova (23 April 1822, La Paz -- 23 October 1861) was a military officer and constitutional president of Bolivia (1855--1857).	Jorge Córdova	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Alexander Mar Thoma Metropolitan was the head of the Mar Thoma Church with its center in Kerala state in south-western India.	Alexander Mar Thoma	India
country of citizenship	Ernesto Ledesma (born October 23, 1930 in Montevideo, Uruguay - died January 19, 2011 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is a former Uruguayan footballer currently played for clubs of Uruguay, Chile and Brazil.	Ernesto Ledesma	Uruguay
country of origin	Tarantella is popular in Southern Italy and Argentina.	Tarantella	Italy
country of origin	Cassoulet (French pronunciation: ​(ka.su.lɛ), from Occitan caçolet (kasuˈlet)) is a rich, slow-cooked casserole originating in the south of France, containing meat (typically pork sausages, goose, duck and sometimes mutton), pork skin (couennes) and white beans (haricots blancs).	Cassoulet	France
country of origin	Vlokken (Dutch for flakes), also chocoladevlokken, is a commonly used sandwich topping in the Netherlands.	Vlokken	Netherlands
country of origin	Inland with Sturt is a 1951 documentary from Film Australia consisting of the 1950-51 re-enactment of Captain Charles Sturt's 1829-30 expedition down the Murrumbidgee and Murray Rivers.	Inland with Sturt	Australia
country of origin	When Putnanja hears a news regarding arrival of Roja (Meena) to India(who went to America for studies during childhood and whom Putnanja likes and wants to marry) he rushes towards her place to propose her to marry him.	Putnanja	India
country of origin	My School Daze (simplified Chinese: 书包太重) is a Singaporean Chinese drama which was telecasted on Singapore's free-to-air channel, MediaCorp Channel 8.	My School Daze	Singapore
country of origin	On 20 and 27 July 2008 Séptimo día dealt with the so-called Narcotourism in Bogotá, Medellín, and Cartagena, showing how foreigners come to Colombia in order to get easy and cheap access to drugs.	Séptimo día	Colombia
country of origin	Skopje Fest (Macedonian: Скопје Фест) or Festival na zabavni melodii Skopje (Фестивал на забавни мелодии Скопје) is one of the main musical events in the Republic of Macedonia.	Skopje Fest	Macedonia
country of origin	Now That's What I Call Music! (1983--present) (often shortened to Now!) is a series of various artists compilation albums released in the United Kingdom and Ireland by EMI (as EMI TV/Virgin Records/Universal/Sony Music).	Now That's What I Call Music!	United Kingdom
country of origin	Palathalikalu is a sweet dish made during Sankranthi in the Delta region of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Palathalikalu	India
country of origin	Good News Kasama si Vicky Morales (Good News with Vicky Morales) is the weekly news broadcast of GMA News TV which airs in the Philippines.	Good News Kasama si Vicky Morales	Philippines
country of origin	As per `` ibosnetwork '', India's leading Box-Office portal, Mumbai Xpress collected ₹4 crore in Hindi Belt alone.	Mumbai Xpress	India
country of origin	The Times of India gave the film 3.5 stars out of 5 and wrote, ``Naaigal Jaakirathai's success lies in how cannily Soundar Rajan gives us a thriller that also feels light.	Naaigal Jaakirathai	India
country of origin	9.3×74mmR is a European medium-bore cartridge invented in Germany around 1900.	9.3×74mmR	Germany
country of origin	Anna's Storm was filmed in Maple Ridge and Abbotsford, British Columbia in Canada.	Anna's Storm	Canada
country of origin	La Leyenda de la Nahuala is a 2007 Mexican animated horror comedy film released in theaters on October 31, 2007 in Mexico.	La Leyenda de la Nahuala	Mexico
country of origin	Super Laff-In is a sketch comedy television show in the Philippines that originally aired on ABS-CBN network from 1969 to 1975 and patterned after the Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In TV show from the United States.	Super Laff-In	Philippines
country of origin	Ah Long Pte Ltd was released in Singapore on 7 February 2008, and in Malaysia on 13 March.	Ah Long Pte Ltd	Singapore
country of origin	Wonders of the Solar System was first broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC Two on 7 March 2010.	Wonders of the Solar System	United Kingdom
country of origin	Bazlama is a single layered, flat, circular and leavened bread with a creamish yellow colour, found in Turkey.	Bazlama	Turkey
country of origin	Asterix and the Vikings (working international English title for Astérix et les Vikings) is a 2006 French-Danish animated feature film, produced in France and Denmark, and directed by Stefan Fjeldmark and Jesper Møller.	Asterix and the Vikings	France	Denmark
country of origin	Last Life in the Universe was awarded in Thailand two times by the Thailand National Film Association Awards and the FIPRESCI Prize (Bangkok International Film Festival).	Last Life in the Universe	Thailand
country of origin	Stormworld is an Australian-Canadian television drama series aired on the Nine Network in 2009 in Australia and first aired on Space March 2009 in Canada with a repeat broadcast in August 2009.	Stormworld	Canada
country of origin	WA Weekender is a travel and lifestyle show featuring destinations throughout Western Australia.	WA Weekender	Australia
country of origin	Franklin and the Turtle Lake Treasure (Franklin et le trésor du lac in France) is a children's animated adventure film released on September 6, 2006, based on the TV series Franklin.	Franklin and the Turtle Lake Treasure	France
country of origin	Rose hip soup, (Swedish: Nyponsoppa) is a soup made of rose hips and is a popular delicacy in Sweden.	Rose hip soup	Sweden
country of origin	On the Yorkshire Buses is a British television documentary programme narrated by Simon Farnaby, first broadcast on Channel 5 in the United Kingdom between 11 July and 29 August 2014.	On the Yorkshire Buses	United Kingdom
country of origin	A Breath of Scandal, known as Olympia in Italy, is a 1960 film adapted from Ferenc Molnár's stage play Olympia.	A Breath of Scandal	Italy
country of origin	Pig City is an animated television program originally airing on Teletoon (Canada), on September 1, 2002.	Pig City	Canada
country of origin	Malt loaf is a common snack food in the United Kingdom.	Malt loaf	United Kingdom
country of origin	TV3 News is the branding of news programmes on Irish television channel TV3 Ireland since its launch in September 1998.	TV3 News	Ireland
country of origin	Star Awards 2007 (Chinese: 红星大奖 2007) is a television award ceremony held in Singapore.	Star Awards 2007	Singapore
country of origin	A Moment of Romance (Chinese: 天若有情) is a 1990 Hong Kong action romance film directed by Benny Chan, produced by Johnnie To, and starring Andy Lau, Jacklyn Wu and Ng Man-tat.	A Moment of Romance	Hong Kong
country of origin	Mavro (Greek: μαύρο, meaning ``black'') is an indigenous red grape cultivated on the island of Cyprus.	Mavro	Cyprus
country of origin	Burning Flame II (Traditional Chinese: 烈火雄心II) is a TVB modern action drama that focuses on the duties and challenges of Hong Kong firefighters.	Burning Flame II	Hong Kong
country of origin	Taxi Payant is the French version of the Cash Cab franchise available in Canada; the English version is called Cash Cab, and airs on Discovery Channel.	Taxi Payant	Canada
country of origin	In 1996 Norma of Sweden introduced the 6mm Norma BR which was dimensionally similar to the 6mm BR Remington.	6mm BR	Sweden
country of origin	Infarto (Spanish for heart attack) is a hidden camera show on Azteca 13 in Mexico and Azteca América in the United States.	Infarto	Mexico
country of origin	Like Yosha's previous two films, Dead End Street represented Israel at Cannes.	Dead End Street	Israel
country of origin	Producer Roger Frappier wanted to film Seducing Doctor Lewis in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada but the film was eventually shot on an island with a population of about 300, Harrington Harbour, Quebec, Canada.	Seducing Doctor Lewis	Canada
country of origin	Gado-gado is widely sold in almost every part of Indonesia, with each area having its own modifications.	Gado-gado	Indonesia
country of origin	Hunkeler und die Augen des Ödipus is a 2012 Swiss German language television film that was filmed and produced at locations in Basel respectively in Switzerland.	Hunkeler und die Augen des Ödipus	Switzerland
creator	The Song of Love (also known as Le chant d'amour or Love Song; 1914) is a painting by the Italian metaphysical painter Giorgio de Chirico.	The Song of Love	Giorgio de Chirico
creator	Hardcastle and McCormick is an American action/drama television series from Stephen J. Cannell Productions, shown on ABC from 1983 through 1986.	Hardcastle and McCormick	Stephen J. Cannell
creator	Magic Kamison (lit. Magic Chemise) was a fantasy television series aired every Sunday afternoons by GMA Network.	Magic Kamison	GMA Network
creator	Ittyadi (Bengali: ইত্যাদি; English: ``Ittadi'') is a popular megazine television programme in Bangladesh created and presented by Hanif Sanket that airs on Bangladesh Television.	Ittyadi	Hanif Sanket
creator	Portrait of Francesco Gonzaga (c. 1461) is a painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Andrea Mantegna.	Portrait of Francesco Gonzaga	Andrea Mantegna
creator	Portrait of Kitty is a painting by Lucian Freud of Kitty Garman, his wife and the eldest daughter of the sculptor Jacob Epstein and Kathleen Garman.	Portrait of Kitty	Lucian Freud
creator	The Portrait of a Gentleman with a Lion Paw is a painting by the Italian High Renaissance painter Lorenzo Lotto, dating to c. 1527.	Portrait of a Gentleman with a Lion Paw	Lorenzo Lotto
creator	Compared to the rest of the BBC News output, The 7 O'Clock News had a completely different image and style of presentation, with a turquoise colour scheme in contrast to the standard red and black.	The 7 O'Clock News	BBC News
creator	Gigantor is an American adaptation of the anime version of Tetsujin 28-go, a manga by Mitsuteru Yokoyama released in 1956.	Gigantor	Mitsuteru Yokoyama
creator	What a Nightmare, Charlie Brown! is the 17th primetime animated TV special based upon the popular comic strip Peanuts, created by Charles M. Schulz.	What a Nightmare, Charlie Brown!	Charles M. Schulz
creator	Zawieszenie dzwonu Zygmunta (Polish: Zawieszenie dzwonu Zygmunta na wieży katedry w roku 1521 w Krakowie, English: The Hanging of the Sigismund bell at the Cathedral Tower in 1521 in Kraków) is a painting by Jan Matejko finished in 1874.	Zawieszenie dzwonu Zygmunta	Jan Matejko
creator	Created in 1976 by Rev. David Mainse, it first aired on June 15, 1977, from its first studios located at 100 Huntley Street in the St. James Town area of Downtown Toronto.	100 Huntley Street	David Mainse
creator	The Langlois Bridge at Arles is the subject of four oil paintings, one watercolor and four drawings by Vincent van Gogh.	Langlois Bridge at Arles	Vincent van Gogh
creator	Elephant and Obelisk is a sculpture designed by the Italian artist Gian Lorenzo Bernini.	Elephant and Obelisk	Gian Lorenzo Bernini
creator	Portraits at the Stock Exchange (also known as At the Bourse) is a painting by the French artist Edgar Degas.	Portraits at the Stock Exchange	Edgar Degas
creator	Sarah Siddons as the Tragic Muse is a 1784 oil painting by Joshua Reynolds.	Sarah Siddons as the Tragic Muse	Joshua Reynolds
creator	The Green Christ (in French: Le Christ vert) is a painting executed by Paul Gauguin in autumn 1889 in Pont-Aven, Brittany, France.	The Green Christ	Paul Gauguin
creator	Horace Horsecollar is a cartoon character created in 1929 by Ub Iwerks and Walt Disney.	Horace Horsecollar	Walt Disney
creator	The Fantastical Portraits or Fantasy Portraits (French: Portraits de fantaisie) are a series of portraits by the French painter Jean-Honoré Fragonard, mostly dating to 1769.	Fantastical Portraits	Jean-Honoré Fragonard
creator	The Joseph Lister Memorial is a memorial to Joseph Lister, 1st Baron Lister by the sculptor Thomas Brock, situated in Portland Place in Marylebone, London.	Joseph Lister Memorial	Thomas Brock
creator	The Noon Universe (Russian term: ``Мир Полудня'' or ``Мир Полдня'' -- ``World of Noon'') is a fictional future setting for a number of hard science fiction novels written by Arkady and Boris Strugatsky.	Noon Universe	Arkady and Boris Strugatsky
creator	The Mérode Altarpiece is a triptych by the Early Netherlandish painter Robert Campin, although believed by some to be by a follower, probably copying an original by Campin.	Mérode Altarpiece	Robert Campin
creator	Peter and the Wolf (Russian: Петя и волк, Petya i volk), Op. 67, is a composition written by Sergei Prokofiev in 1936 in the USSR.	Peter and the Wolf	Sergei Prokofiev
creator	Femme à l'Éventail (also known as L'Éventail vert, Woman with a Fan, and The Lady) is an oil painting created in 1912 by the French artist and theorist Jean Metzinger (1883--1956).	Femme à l'Éventail	Jean Metzinger
date of birth	Gorazd Mihajlov (Macedonian: Горазд Михајлов; born 21 August 1974) is a former Macedonian football player and a current football coach who is currently coaching FK Teteks.	Gorazd Mihajlov	21 August 1974
date of birth	Kaare Norman Selvig (17 July 1918 -- 20 December 2015) was a Norwegian business leader.	Kaare Norman Selvig	17 July 1918
date of birth	Marguerite de Béthune (1595 - 21 October 1660) was the daughter of the Maximilien, the Duke of Sully and his second wife Rachel de Cochefilet.	Marguerite de Béthune	1595
date of birth	Veronique Zanetti (born 1959), she is professor of Political Philosophy at Faculty of History, Philosophy, and Theology, Bielefeld University.	Veronique Zanetti	1959
date of birth	Slater Bradley (born 1975) is an American artist and ``something of a cult hero'' who works in the mediums of photography, drawing, painting, film and video.	Slater Bradley	1975
date of birth	Todd Curley (born 14 January 1973) is a former Australian rules footballer, who played for Collingwood and the Western Bulldogs in the Australian Football League, and played and coached for the West Perth Football Club in the West Australian Football League.	Todd Curley	14 January 1973
date of birth	Haafiz Shahid Yaqoob (Urdu: حافظ شاہد یعقوب) (born 10 May 1963, Lahore, Punjab) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played three ODIs in 1988.	Haafiz Shahid	10 May 1963
date of birth	Yue Wenhai (born January 1958) is a former Chinese official, he served as Mayor of Zhoukou from May 2012 to May 2013.	Yue Wenhai	1958
date of birth	Vũ Minh Tuấn (born 19 September 1990) is Vietnamese footballer.	Vũ Minh Tuấn	19 September 1990
date of birth	Chris Feather (born 12 July 1981) in Keighley, West Yorkshire) is an English rugby league player.	Chris Feather	12 July 1981
date of birth	Ellie Tesher (born 1941) is a Canadian journalist and advice columnist.	Ellie Tesher	1941
date of birth	Draško Božović (Cyrillic: Дpaшкo Бoжoвић, born 30 June 1988 in Titograd, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Montenegrin footballer playing for FK Sutjeska Nikšić.	Draško Božović	30 June 1988
date of birth	Kevin McAleer (born 1956) is an Irish professional stand-up comedian.	Kevin McAleer	1956
date of birth	Stephen Lack (born 1946) is a Canadian painter and a film actor best known for his role as the lead character, Cameron Vale, in David Cronenberg's film Scanners.	Stephen Lack	1946
date of birth	General William R. Looney III, USAF (born 1949) was the 28th Commander, Air Education and Training Command (AETC), Randolph Air Force Base, Texas.	William R. Looney III	1949
date of birth	Judith Chichi Opara Mazagwu (born 12 July 1971), commonly known by her stage name Afro Candy (also spelled Afrocandy), is a Nigerian film actress, director, producer, singer-songwriter, model and pornographic actress.	Afro Candy	1971
date of birth	Christopher Chadman (born circa 1948 -- died April 30, 1995) was an American dancer and choreographer who was nominated for Tony, Drama Desk, and Outer Critics Circle Awards and was the winner of the Fred Astaire Award for his choreography for the 1992 revival of Guys and Dolls.	Christopher Chadman	1948
date of birth	Abdurrahim Boynukalın (born 1 January 1987) is a Turkish politician who serves as the President of the Justice and Development Party Youth Wing since 12 October 2014.	Abdurrahim Boynukalın	1987
date of birth	Leonard van Munster (born February 1972, Zwolle), is a Dutch contemporary artist making Site-specific and Subject-specific work.	Leonard van Munster	1972
date of birth	Hubert Chanson (born 1 November 1961) is a professor in hydraulic engineering and applied fluid mechanics in the School of Civil Engineering at the University of Queensland since 1990.	Hubert Chanson	1 November 1961
date of birth	Mark McGuigan (born 7 November 1988) is a Scottish professional footballer, who is currently playing for Scottish League One side Stranraer.	Mark McGuigan	7 November 1988
date of birth	Joseph Nechvatal (born 1951) is a post-conceptual digital artist and art theoretician who creates computer-assisted paintings and computer animations, often using custom-created computer viruses.	Joseph Nechvatal	1951
date of birth	Roy Powell (born 2 October 1965 in Langham, Rutland) is a British pianist, organist, keyboardist and composer.	Roy Powell	2 October 1965
date of birth	Richard A. Jorgensen (born 1951) is an American molecular geneticist and an early pioneer in the study of post transcriptional gene silencing.	Richard A. Jorgensen	1951
date of birth	Peder Tuborgh (born 22 April 1963), also referred to as Peder Tuborgh, is the previous Chief Executive of the Danish multi-national dairy processing company Arla Foods.	Peder Tuborgh	22 April 1963
date of birth	Paul Carlyle (born 19 July 1967 in Derry) is a former Northern Irish footballer and currently a manager.	Paul Carlyle	19 July 1967
date of birth	Charlene R. Nunley, Ph.D. (born 1950) was the first woman to become president of Montgomery College.	Charlene R. Nunley	1950
date of birth	Joachim Meichssner (4 April 1906 -- 29 September 1944) was a German officer and member of the Resistance against the Nazi régime.	Joachim Meichssner	4 April 1906
date of birth	Joakim Puhk (25 May 1888 -- 14 September 1942) was an Estonian businessman, economist and Rotarian; a member of the International Chamber of Commerce, and a member of the International Olympic Committee from 1936 to 1942.	Joakim Puhk	25 May 1888
date of birth	Chingmy Yau Suk-zing (born 16 May 1968) is a retired Hong Kong actress.	Chingmy Yau	16 May 1968
date of birth	Deirdre O'Kane (born 1970) is an Irish stand-up comic and actress.	Deirdre O'Kane	1970
date of birth	Steven De Lelie (born 25 February 1977) is an actor and theatre director.	Steven De Lelie	25 February 1977
date of birth	Adrian Maguire, born 29 April 1971 in Kilmessan, County Meath, Ireland, is a racehorse trainer and former jockey.	Adrian Maguire	1971
date of birth	Avinash Karn (Nepali: अविनाश कर्ण) (born 4 February 1995) is a Nepalese cricketer.	Avinash Karn	4 February 1995
date of birth	Ryan Smillie (born 30 May 1992) is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for Petershill in the Scottish Junior Football Association, West Region.	Ryan Smillie	30 May 1992
date of birth	Gary Lynn Harris (born 1953) is a professor of electrical engineering at Howard University and director of that school's National Nanotechnology Infrastructure Network facility.	Gary Lynn Harris	1953
date of birth	Rahat Khan (Bengali: রাহাত খান) (born 1940) is a Bangladeshi author, novelist, editor and journalist.	Rahat Khan	1940
date of birth	Richarlyson Barbosa Felisbino, simply Richarlyson, (born 27 December 1982) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Novorizontino.	Richarlyson	27 December 1982
date of birth	Marusha Aphrodite Gleiß (born 18 November 1966), known by her stage name Marusha, is a German electronic music producer who had several European hits in the mid-1990s.	Marusha	18 November 1966
date of birth	Max Coltheart (born April 16 1939) is an Australian cognitive scientist who specialises in cognitive neuropsychology and cognitive neuropsychiatry.	Max Coltheart	1939
date of birth	Raoul Middleman (born 1935 in Baltimore, Maryland) is an American painter known for his ``provocatively prolific work--primarily traditional, including figure studies, landscapes, and still lifes--and for being a megawatt personality.''	Raoul Middleman	1935
date of birth	Dannielle Brent, (born 19 September 1979) also known as Danielle Brent is a British actress who played the prisoner Natalie Buxton on the television drama series, Bad Girls.	Dannielle Brent	19 September 1979
date of birth	Muhammad Akhtar (Born Muhammad Akhtar محمد اختر ) (1928--1974) (pseudonym Saghar Siddiqui Urdu:ساغر صدیقی) was an Urdu poet from Pakistan.	Saghar Siddiqui	1928
date of birth	Zhang Jialong (simplified Chinese: 张贾龙; traditional Chinese: 張賈龍; pinyin: Zhɑ̄ng Jiɑ̌lóng) born on May 22, 1988, in Guiyang, Guizhou Province, is a Chinese journalist, blogger and a former editor of Tencent Finance.	Zhang Jialong	1988
date of birth	(John) Crispian Strachan CBE QPM (born 1949) was Chief Constable of Northumbria Police from 1998 to 2005.	Crispian Strachan	1949
date of birth	Tonie Walsh (born 25 December 1960) in Dublin, Ireland, is an LGBT rights activist, journalist, disc jockey and founder of the Irish Queer Archive.	Tonie Walsh	25 December 1960
date of birth	Hanns Alexander (1917--2006) was a German Jewish refugee who tracked down and arrested the Kommandant of Auschwitz Rudolf Höss.	Hanns Alexander	1917
date of birth	He Lifeng (Chinese: 何立峰; born February 1955) is a Chinese politician.	He Lifeng	February 1955
date of birth	Lionel Tromp (born 19 April 1984) is a football player and member of the Aruba national football team.	Lionel Tromp	19 April 1984
date of birth	Raffaele Palladino (born 17 April 1984) is an Italian footballer who predominantly plays as a winger, although he is also capable of being deployed as a forward.	Raffaele Palladino	17 April 1984
date of birth	Yao Chang (Chinese: 姚萇; 331--394), courtesy name Jingmao (景茂), formally Emperor Wuzhao of (Later) Qin ((後)秦武昭帝), was the founding emperor of the Chinese/Qiang state Later Qin.	Yao Chang	331
date of birth	John Cargill Thompson (1938 - 2000) was a Scottish dramatist specialising in one-person plays.	John Cargill Thompson	1938
date of birth	Douglas Ete, born 4 August 1964, is a Solomon Islands politician.	Douglas Ete	4 August 1964
date of birth	Avionne Mark (born 1989) is a Trinidadian model and beauty queen who won Miss Trinidad & Tobago 2012.	Avionne Mark	1989
date of birth	Alexander Neumeister (born 17 December 1941) is a German industrial designer from Berlin.	Alexander Neumeister	17 December 1941
date of birth	John Patton (Colonel) was born 1745 in Sligo, Ireland.	John Patton (Colonel)	1745
date of birth	Eddie Gormley (born 23 October 1968) is an Irish football coach and former player who is currently manager of Cabinteely.	Eddie Gormley	23 October 1968
date of birth	William Wortham Pool (April 1842 -- 1922) was an American bookkeeper.	William Wortham Pool	April 1842
date of birth	Zaur Ramazanov (born 27 July 1976) is an Azerbaijani footballer striker.	Zaur Ramazanov	27 July 1976
date of birth	Kåre Pugerup (born 1964 in Viborg) is a diplomat and Chief of Staff at the United Nations agency IFAD in Rome.	Kåre Pugerup	1964
date of birth	Jørgen Christensen-Dalsgaard (born 6 October 1950) is a Danish astronomer at Aarhus University in Denmark.	Jørgen Christensen-Dalsgaard	6 October 1950
date of birth	Kishore Bhatt (किशोर भट्ट Kiśhore Bhātt, born: 2 March 1951) is an Indian voice actor who is known for dubbing foreign content in the Hindi language such as for films and TV programs.	Kishore Bhatt	2 March 1951
date of birth	Dmitry Zavadsky or Dzmitry Zavadski (Russian: Дмитрий Завадский, Belarusian: Дзмітрый Завадскі; 28 August 1972 -- declared dead 28 November 2003) was a Belarusian journalist who disappeared and was presumably murdered in 2000.	Dzmitry Zavadski	28 August 1972
date of birth	Georgios Vakouftsis (Greek: Γιώργος Βακουφτσής; born 30 January 1980) is a Greek footballer.	Georgios Vakouftsis	30 January 1980
date of birth	Michael J. Malik, Sr. (born February 1954) is a developer and entrepreneur from Detroit, Michigan who resides in Birmingham, Michigan.	Michael J. Malik, Sr.	1954
date of birth	Greg Hutchison (born 13 June 1957) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with and coached Melbourne in the AFL.	Greg Hutchison	13 June 1957
date of birth	Mark Ideson (born 10 April 1976 in Parry Sound, Ontario) is a Canadian Wheelchair curler who competed in the 2014 Winter Paralympic Games in Sochi and won gold.	Mark Ideson	10 April 1976
date of birth	John Peter Galanis (born 1943) was an American financier in the 1970s and 1980s, who became a notorious white collar criminal.	John Peter Galanis	1943
date of birth	Sir John Arnott, 1st Baronet JP (26 July 1814 -- 28 March 1898) was a Scottish-Irish entrepreneur and a major figure in the commercial and political spheres of late-19th century Cork.	John Arnott	26 July 1814
date of birth	Karen Mulhallen (born 1942 in Woodstock, Ontario) is a Canadian educator, poet, essayist, critic and editor.	Karen Mulhallen	1942
date of birth	Beshir Imanov was born in the village of Horadiz, Fuzuli in 1914.	Beshir Imanov	1914
date of birth	Li Boguang (Chinese: 李柏光; pinyin: Lǐ Bóguāng) (born 1968) is a Chinese legal scholar and human rights activist.	Li Boguang	1968
date of birth	David Botstein (born 8 September 1942) is an American biologist serving as the Chief Scientific Officer of Calico.	David Botstein	8 September 1942
date of birth	Tom Kellichan (born circa 1954) was known for being The Skids original drummer from 1977 to 1979.	Tom Kellichan	1954
date of birth	Martin Klink (born 25 September 1940) is a retired German swimmer who won a bronze medal at the 1962 European Aquatics Championships.	Martin Klink	25 September 1940
date of birth	Michael Bambang Hartono (born 1941 in Kudus, Central Java), also known as Oei Gwie Siong, is a Chinese Indonesian billionaire heir and businessman.	Michael Bambang Hartono	1941
date of birth	Jon Trondson Benkestok (1530 - circa 1593) was a Norwegian nobleman (Adelsmann) and a member of the Benkestok family, one of the original noble families of Norway.	Jon Trondson Benkestok	1530
date of birth	Khurram Hussain Agha (born 18 October 1976) is an internationally notable Pakistani amateur snooker player, and current Pakistan No.4.	Khurram Hussain Agha	18 October 1976
date of birth	Lee Kohse (born 20 March 1974) is a comic book writer/artist, and creative/art director of Allegory.	Lee Kohse	20 March 1974
date of birth	Rojen Barnas is the pen name of Mehmet Gemici (born 1945), a contemporary Kurdish poet and writer.	Rojen Barnas	1945
date of birth	Mabel Collins (9 September 1851 -- 31 March 1927) was a theosophist and author of over 46 books.	Mabel Collins	9 September 1851
date of birth	Peter Greenaway, CBE (born 5 April 1942) is a British film director.	Peter Greenaway	5 April 1942
date of birth	Jacqueline Rose, FBA (born 1949, London) is a British academic who is currently Professor of Humanities at the Birkbeck Institute for the Humanities.	Jacqueline Rose	1949
date of birth	Gail Ashley, née Mowry, (born 29 January 1941) is an American sedimentologist.	Gail Ashley	29 January 1941
date of birth	Seo Ji-seok (Hangul: 서지석; sometimes romanised as Suh Ji-suk; born 9 September 1981) is a South Korean actor.	Seo Ji-seok	9 September 1981
date of birth	Vice-Admiral Sir Henry Blackwood, 1st Baronet, GCH, KCB (28 December 1770 -- 17 December 1832), whose memorial is in Killyleagh Parish Church, was a British sailor.	Henry Blackwood	28 December 1770
date of birth	Asha Randall (born 6 April 1990) is an English synchronised swimmer who represented Great Britain in the team event at the 2012 London Olympics.	Asha Randall	6 April 1990
date of birth	Vanessa Renwick (born 1961, Chicago, Illinois) is an American artist and filmmaker living in Portland, Oregon.	Vanessa Renwick	1961
date of birth	Paul-Christian Rieber (born 30 March 1958) is a Norwegian business leader and former president of the Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise (NHO).	Paul-Christian Rieber	30 March 1958
date of birth	Naomi Kahoilua Wilson (born 5 July 1949) is an American actress known for the only role she ever played, that of ``Mahana'' in the film Johnny Lingo.	Naomi Kahoilua Wilson	5 July 1949
date of birth	Giulio Chazalettes (*1930) is an Italian opera director and former actor.	Giulio Chazalettes	1930
date of birth	Baron Johan August Meijerfeldt (1664--1749) was a Swedish general.	Johan August Meijerfeldt	1664
date of birth	Giorgia Palmas (born 5 March 1982) is an Italian television personality and model.	Giorgia Palmas	5 March 1982
date of birth	Fritz Ostermayer (born 1956 in Schattendorf/Burgenland), lives and works in Vienna as radio broadcaster (``Im Sumpf''/FM4), author, DJ and musician.	Fritz Ostermayer	1956
date of birth	Andrew Biraj (এন্ড্রু বিরাজ; born 1982) is a Bangladeshi photojournalist.	Andrew Biraj	1982
date of birth	Johannes Sittard (born 27 September 1943) is a former non-executive director and Chairman of Eurasian Natural Resources Corporation (ENRC), having been the Chief Executive Officer of the company until 20 August 2009.	Johannes Sittard	27 September 1943
date of birth	Princess Laetitia Maria of Belgium, Archduchess of Austria-Este (Laetitia Maria Nora Anna Joachim Zita, born 23 April 2003) is the third daughter and youngest child of Lorenz, Archduke of Austria-Este and Princess Astrid of Belgium.	Princess Laetitia Maria of Belgium, Archduchess of Austria-Este	23 April 2003
date of birth	George Turberville, or Turbervile (about 1540 - before 1597) was an English poet.	George Turberville	1540
date of birth	Philippe Foriel-Destezet (born 1935) is a French billionaire businessman.	Philippe Foriel-Destezet	1935
date of birth	Benoît Lecomte (born 1967) is a French-born long distance swimmer (now a naturalized citizen of the U.S.A.) who has received wide credit for being the first man to swim across the Atlantic Ocean without a kick board in 1998.	Benoît Lecomte	1967
date of birth	James Ebenezer Bicheno (25 January 1785 -- 25 February 1851) was a British author and colonial official.	James Ebenezer Bicheno	25 January 1785
date of birth	Dragomir Bečanović (born 10 February 1965) is a Montenegrin retired judoka.	Dragomir Bečanović	10 February 1965
date of birth	John Pelosi (born 29 February 1956) is a Scottish former footballer, who played for St Johnstone, Hamilton Academical, Kilmarnock, Queen of the South and Stenhousemuir.	John Pelosi	29 February 1956
date of birth	Leonora Fani (born 18 February 1954) is an Italian former film actress.	Leonora Fani	18 February 1954
date of birth	Wani Ardy (born 25 October 1984) is a Malaysian creative writer and independent singer-songwriter.	Wani Ardy	25 October 1984
date of birth	Keith Flett (born 31 October 1956) is a socialist historian and a prolific letter writer in the British press.	Keith Flett	31 October 1956
date of birth	Mak Soi Kun (Chinese: 麥瑞權; born 15 April 1956 in Macau) is a member of the Legislative Assembly of Macau also a member of the Macau Jiangmen Communal Society and a property firm president.	Mak Soi Kun	15 April 1956
date of birth	Menachem Mendel Taub (born 1923) is the Rebbe of the Kaliv Hasidic dynasty.	Menachem Mendel Taub	1923
date of birth	Pacifique Issoïbeka (born 1941?) is a Congolese political figure who served in the government of Congo-Brazzaville as Minister of Finance from 2005 to 2009.	Pacifique Issoïbeka	1941
date of birth	Etienne Leroux was born in Oudtshoorn in the Western Cape on 13 June 1922 as Stephanus Petrus Daniël le Roux, son of S.P. Le Roux, a South African Minister of Agriculture.	Etienne Leroux	13 June 1922
date of birth	Marta Pihan-Kulesza (born 23 July 1987;) is a Polish gymnast.	Marta Pihan-Kulesza	23 July 1987
date of birth	Ashiq Khan (pronounced ('aa shek ˈxaːn); born 7 June 1989), is a Qatar-based Pakistani film actor.	Ashiq Khan	7 June 1989
date of birth	Petros Galaktopoulos (born 7 June 1945) is a Greek former Olympic Greco-Roman wrestler.	Petros Galaktopoulos	7 June 1945
date of birth	Randolph Ramnarace (born 25 July 1941) is a former first-class cricketer who played mostly for Guyana.	Randolph Ramnarace	25 July 1941
date of birth	Božidar Kavran (1913--1948) was a member of the Croatian World War II Ustaše regime Kavran was born in Zagreb on September 22, 1913.	Božidar Kavran	1913
date of birth	Andrey Zvezdzin (Belarusian: Андрэй Звездзін; Russian: Андрей Звездин; born 17 July 1986) is a retired Belarusian footballer.	Andrey Zvezdzin	17 July 1986
date of birth	Tessa Hilton (born 18 February 1951) is a British magazine executive and former newspaper editor.	Tessa Hilton	18 February 1951
date of birth	Edward Caruana Dingli (born 24 April 1992) is a retired Maltese swimmer, holding the 400m freestyle (LCM) and the 200m and 400m individual medley (LCM) national record and both the LCM and the SCM relay national record in the 4x200m Freestyle.	Edward Caruana Dingli	24 April 1992
date of birth	Richard M. Sims, Jr. (c. 1910 -- November 9, 1985) was an Associate Justice of the California First District Court of Appeal, Division One from 1940 to 1978 and the District Attorney of Marin County from 1950 to 1953.	Richard M. Sims, Jr.	1910
date of birth	David Doonan (born 1954) is a website designer and politician.	David Doonan	1954
date of birth	Magdalen Nabb (16 January 1947 -- 18 August 2007) was a British author, best known for the Marshal Guarnaccia detective novels.	Magdalen Nabb	16 January 1947
date of birth	Ercole Gennari (10 March 1597 - 27 June 1658) was an Italian Renaissance drawer and painter.	Ercole Gennari	10 March 1597
date of birth	Jade Etherington (born 9 March 1991) is a British former alpine skier who, with her sighted guide Caroline Powell, won silver in the women's downhill skiing, combined and slalom, and bronze medals in the Super-G at the 2014 Winter Paralympic Games in Sochi.	Jade Etherington	9 March 1991
date of birth	John Truelove (born 14 February 1968) is a British record producer, DJ, performer and music entrepreneur.	John Truelove	14 February 1968
date of birth	Gareth Andrews (born 21 December 1946) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong and Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL) - now the Australian Football League (AFL).	Gareth Andrews	21 December 1946
date of birth	Jack Druce (born 16 March 1991) is an Australian standup comedian, and comedy writer.	Jack Druce	16 March 1991
date of birth	Jaroslav Jakubovič (born 1948) is a Czech jazz saxophonist, composer and record producer.	Jaroslav Jakubovič	1948
date of birth	Alexander Roy Harwood (1897--1980), better known as A. R. Harwood, or Dick Harwood, was an Australian film director and producer who also worked in exhibition.	A. R. Harwood	1897
date of birth	İbrahim Şahin (born 1956) is a Turkish Ultranationalist and co conspirator in the murder of the Armenian Journalist Hrant Dink.	İbrahim Şahin	1956
date of birth	Gerry White (1943--2008) was a wealthy English born businessman and self-made millionaire.	Gerry White	1943
date of birth	Eva Cheng Yu-wah, GBS JP (; born 1960, Hong Kong) was the Secretary for Transport and Housing and the chairman of the Hong Kong Housing Authority in the Hong Kong Government.	Eva Cheng	1960
date of birth	Estevão Molnar (born 25 August 1915) was a Brazilian fencer.	Estevão Molnar	25 August 1915
date of birth	Gjergj Arianiti or George Araniti (1383--1462) was an Albanian lord who led several campaigns against the Ottoman Empire.	Gjergj Arianiti	1383
date of birth	Philip Newman (Manchester, 12 May 1904 -- Majorca, 23 November 1966), was a British violinist and pedagogue.	Philip Newman	12 May 1904
date of birth	Henry Howard, 4th Earl of Carlisle KG (14 August 1694 -- 3 September 1758), styled Viscount Morpeth until 1738 was a British peer and Whig politician.	Henry Howard, 4th Earl of Carlisle	14 August 1694
date of birth	Ramón Sánchez Gomes, better known by his stage name Ramón de Algeciras, (5 February 1938 -- January 20, 2009 ) was a Spanish flamenco guitarist, composer and lyricist.	Ramón de Algeciras	5 February 1938
date of birth	Lothar Stäber (born 4 May 1936) is a former German cyclist who competed for the SC Dynamo Berlin/ Sportvereinigung (SV) Dynamo.	Lothar Stäber	4 May 1936
date of birth	Ferry Corsten (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈfɛri ˈkɔrstə(n)); born 4 December 1973) is a Dutch DJ, producer and remixer of electronic dance music, the majority of which has been Trance.	Ferry Corsten	4 December 1973
date of birth	Alexander John Bell (15 April 1906 -- 1 August 1985), also known as Sandy Bell, was a South African cricketer who played in 16 Tests from 1929 to 1935.	Sandy Bell	15 April 1906
date of birth	Henri-Louis Wakker (18 March 1875 -- 17 March 1972) was a Swiss banker and real estate entrepreneur.	Henri-Louis Wakker	18 March 1875
date of birth	Ivan Boumans, born in November 1983 in Madrid, Spain, is a Spanish/Luxembourgish musician, composer, conductor and teacher	Ivan Boumans	November 1983
date of birth	Marcus Aurelius Valerius Tullianus Symmachus Phosphorius (fl. 280-330) was a Consul of the Roman Empire in 330.	Aurelius Valerius Tullianus Symmachus	280
date of birth	Richard Kingi (born 17 March 1989 in Tauranga, New Zealand) is an Australian professional Rugby union footballer.	Richard Kingi	17 March 1989
date of birth	Carll Goodpasture (born 1943) is an American cytogenetics expert, entomologist, and photographer.	Carll Goodpasture	1943
date of birth	Louisa Fontenelle (31 August 1769 -- 30 October 1799) was an actress and singer who played in London and Scotland before marrying and heading off to America to join the Boston Theatre.	Louisa Fontenelle	1769
date of birth	David Gosset (born May 23, 1970) is a global affairs analyst, expert in international relations and a Sinologist.	David Gosset	1970
date of birth	Altoon Sultan born in Brooklyn New York in 1948, is a Vermont-based artist and author who specializes in rural landscapes painted in egg tempera.	Altoon Sultan	1948
date of birth	Nazzareno Tarantino (born 4 January 1979) is an Italian footballer who plays as a Forward for Lucchese in the Serie D.	Nazzareno Tarantino	4 January 1979
date of birth	Filiberto Hernández Martínez (born 1971) was a Mexican serial killer active between 2010 and 2013.	Filiberto Hernández Martínez	1971
date of birth	Hamid Tamjidi (Persian حمید تمجیدی) (born 1956) is an Iranian writer, film director, and producer.	Hamid Tamjidi	1956
date of birth	Michael Murphy Andregg (born in Nevada, USA, 1951) is known for his study of the causes of war, global problems related to war, intelligence ethics and his peace activism.	Michael Murphy Andregg	1951
date of birth	Paolo Buso (born 28 July 1986) is an Italian rugby player.	Paolo Buso	28 July 1986
date of birth	Michael Haussman (born 1964) is an American artist, writer, producer and director of motion pictures, television advertisements and music videos.	Michael Haussman	1964
date of birth	Wahid Omar, also spelled as Waheed Omar, (وحید عمر) (born March 1978) is a politician in Afghanistan who served as the spokesperson of President of Afghanistan, Hamid Karzai.	Wahid Omar	March 1978
date of birth	Shivam Karn (Nepali: शिवम कर्ण ; born 2 March 1992) is a Nepalese Educationist.	Shivam Karn	2 March 1992
date of birth	Tom Otterness (born 1952) is an American sculptor best known as one of America's most prolific public artists.	Tom Otterness	1952
date of birth	Sagar Pun (Nepali: सागर पुन) (born 1 March 1993) is a Nepalese cricketer.	Sagar Pun	1 March 1993
date of birth	Morten Steenwinkel (1595, Varberg -- 1646, Copenhagen), was a Danish architect and painter.	Morten Steenwinkel	1595
date of birth	Lillie Claus-Dostal (1905--2000) was an Austrian lyric coloratura opera and operetta singer.	Lillie Claus	1905
date of birth	Paek Hak-rim (1918 - October 5, 2006) was the Deputy Director of the North Korean Ministry of Public Security.	Paek Hak-rim	1918
date of birth	Olaf Förster (born 2 November 1962) is a retired German rower who had his best achievements in the coxless fours.	Olaf Förster	2 November 1962
date of birth	Lorenzo Cellerino (born 30 December 1944) is an Italian former sprinter	Lorenzo Cellerino	30 December 1944
date of birth	Magali Vettorazzo (born 16 March 1942) is a retired Italian pentathlete.	Magali Vettorazzo	16 March 1942
date of birth	Arthur Chichester, 3rd Earl of Donegall (1666 -- 10 April 1706) was an Irish nobleman and soldier.	Arthur Chichester, 3rd Earl of Donegall	1666
date of birth	Meredith Jung-En Woo (born 1958) is the director of the International Higher Education Support Program at the Open Society Foundation in London.	Meredith Jung-En Woo	1958
date of birth	Maria Felice Tibaldi (born 1707-unknown) was an Italian painter.	Maria Felice Tibaldi	1707
date of birth	Mike Bamber (16 October 1930 - 11 July 1988) was a British businessman and football executive.	Mike Bamber	16 October 1930
date of birth	Aya de Leon (born 1967 in Los Angeles) is a novelist who teaches at the University of California Berkeley.	Aya de Leon	1967
date of birth	Luke Erceg (born 11 August 1993) co-stars on the Australian television show Mortified (2006--2007).	Luke Erceg	11 August 1993
date of birth	Khaled Al Zaher, sometimes reported as Khaled Zaher , (born 2 September 1972) is a retired Syrian footballer.	Khaled Al Zaher	2 September 1972
date of birth	Ben Silbermann (born 1982) is an American Internet entrepreneur who co-founded and is CEO of Pinterest, a virtual pinboard which lets users organize images, links, recipes and other things.	Ben Silbermann	1982
date of birth	Svetomir Belić (Serbian Cyrillic: Светомир Белић) (born 2 November 1946 as Svetomir Beljić) is a former Serbian boxer.	Svetomir Belić	2 November 1946
date of birth	Tony Oakey (born 2 January 1976, Portsmouth, England) is an English professional boxer who fights in the light heavyweight division.	Tony Oakey	2 January 1976
date of birth	Wasim Haider (born 6 June 1967, Faisalabad, Punjab) is a former Pakistani right arm fast medium bowler in cricket who played three One Day International matches during the 1992 Cricket World Cup.	Wasim Haider	6 June 1967
date of birth	Pory was a son of Robert Pory, born in London, probably about 1608.	Robert Pory	1608
date of birth	Michael de la Pole, 2nd Earl of Suffolk (1367 -- 17 September 1415), an English nobleman, supported Henry IV (reigned 1399-1413) against Richard II (reigned 1377-1399).	Michael de la Pole, 2nd Earl of Suffolk	1367
date of birth	Amir Hossein Jahanshahi(Persian: امیرحسین جهانشاهی born 25 September 1960) is an Iranian political activities and businessman.	Amir Hossein Jahanshahi	25 September 1960
date of birth	Phillip E. Hill, Sr. (born 1956) was the ringleader of the largest mortgage fraud scheme ever prosecuted in the State of Georgia.	Phillip E. Hill, Sr.	1956
date of birth	Angelo Keder, born 1955, is a Swedish contemporary artist.	Angelo Keder	1955
date of birth	Brit Bildøen (born 28 January 1962) is a Norwegian poet, novelist, essayist, children's writer and literary critic.	Brit Bildøen	28 January 1962
date of birth	Gurcharan Das (born 3 October 1943) is an Indian author, commentator and public intellectual.	Gurcharan Das	3 October 1943
date of birth	Deborah Andollo (born in Havana in 1967) is a Cuban free-diving athlete who held several world records in different disciplines.	Deborah Andollo	1967
date of birth	Jenna Randall (born 20 September 1988) is an English former Synchronised swimmer who represented Great Britain at the Olympic Games in Beijing 2008 and London 2012.	Jenna Randall	20 September 1988
date of birth	Pierre Sanoussi-Bliss (born 17 August 1962, Berlin-Mitte) is a German actor and director.	Pierre Sanoussi-Bliss	1962
date of birth	Philo Judson Farnsworth (born in Westford, Vermont, 9 January 1832; died in Clinton, Iowa, 14 February 1909) was a United States physician who worked in Iowa.	Philo Judson Farnsworth	9 January 1832
date of birth	Darren Mullings (born 3 March 1987) is an English professional footballer.	Darren Mullings	3 March 1987
date of birth	Artist Dan Keplinger (born 19 January 1973) was featured in the Oscar-winning documentary short, King Gimp.	Dan Keplinger	19 January 1973
date of birth	Ilan Averbuch (born 1953) is a sculptor born in Israel, but educated in England and the United States.	Ilan Averbuch	1953
date of birth	Odd-Karl Stangnes (born 28 October 1968) is a Norwegian football coach and former player.	Odd-Karl Stangnes	28 October 1968
date of birth	Sean Friars (born 15 May 1979 in Derry, Northern Ireland) is a footballer and former Liverpool player.	Sean Friars	15 May 1979
date of birth	Miki Haimovich (Hebrew: מיקי חיימוביץ'‎ pronounced (ˈmiki ˈχa.imovitʃ); born 15 June 1962) is an Israeli television presenter.	Miki Haimovich	15 June 1962
date of birth	Harry Flemming (1933 -- 16 February 2008) was a Nova Scotian journalist focused on politics.	Harry Flemming	1933
date of birth	Michael Patsalos-Fox (born 1953) is the CEO of Stroz Friedberg in New York.	Michael Patsalos-Fox	1953
date of birth	Police General Seripisut Temiyavet (Thai: เสรีพิศุทธ์ เตมียาเวส; rtgs: Seriphisut Temiyawet, originally: Seri Temiyavet; Thai: เสรี เตมียเวส; born 3 September 1948) was Commissioner of the Royal Thai Police between February 2007 and April 2008.	Seripisut Temiyavet	3 September 1948
date of birth	Lee Potter (born 4 January 1972), known by his stage name Cut La Roc, is a British electronic musician, considered as a pioneer of big beat, a genre fusing elements of hip hop, house and rock	Cut La Roc	4 January 1972
date of birth	Yoshika Arai (Japanese: 荒井 悦加, née Tatsumi Japanese: 辰巳; born 26 February 1982) is a Japanese middle- and long-distance runner who specialises in the 3000 metres steeplechase.	Yoshika Arai	26 February 1982
date of birth	Yang Jie (simplified Chinese: 楊婕; traditional Chinese: 杨婕; pinyin: Yáng Jié; born 1 March 1994 in Shanghai), she is the team member of China women's national volleyball team which position is opposite and outside hitter.	Yang Jie	1 March 1994
date of birth	Muhayman Jamil (born 1956) is an Iraqi doctor and literary translator.	Muhayman Jamil	1956
date of birth	Conrad Roland (born Conrad Roland Lehmann in 1934) is a German architect and pioneer of the construction of spacenets (tensile structures), which primarily are to be found as rope climbing frames on playgrounds.	Conrad Roland	1934
date of birth	Yuan He (源賀) (403 -- October 22, 479), né Tufa Poqiang (禿髮破羌), formally Prince Xuan of Longxi (隴西宣王), was a high-level official of the Chinese/Xianbei dynasty Northern Wei.	Yuan He	403
date of birth	Luis Guillermo Pineda Rodas (born 1984, Guatemala) is a global studies expert, social scientist and entrepreneur.	Guillermo Pineda	1984
date of birth	Massimo Barbuti (5 August 1958) is a former Italian football player and manager born in San Giulio Terme.	Massimo Barbuti	5 August 1958
date of birth	Tepai Moeroa (born 2 October 1995) is a Cook Island--born Australian professional rugby footballer who currently plays rugby league for the Parramatta Eels of the National Rugby League.	Tepai Moeroa	2 October 1995
date of birth	Harish Shankar (born 31 March 1979) is a film director and screenwriter who works in Telugu cinema.	Harish Shankar	31 March 1979
date of birth	John Ferenzik (born John Michael Ferencsik 13 October 1955 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American musician, keyboardist, guitarist and composer.	John Ferenzik	13 October 1955
date of birth	Saleh Ould Hanenna (born 1965 or 1966) is a former Mauritanian soldier and political figure.	Saleh Ould Hanenna	1965
date of birth	Consort Liang (梁貴人, personal name unknown) (62(?)-83?), posthumous title Empress Gonghuai (恭懷皇后, literally, ``empress of reverent recollection''), was an imperial consort to Emperor Zhang of Han.	Consort Liang	62
date of birth	Kurt Jackson (born 21 September 1961) is a British painter whose large canvases reflect a concern with natural history, ecology and environmental issues.	Kurt Jackson	1961
date of birth	Francesco Menzocchi (1502--1574) was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance and Mannerist period.	Francesco Menzocchi	1502
date of birth	Wyatt Tee Walker (born 16 August 1929) is an African American pastor, national civil rights leader, theologian, and cultural historian.	Wyatt Tee Walker	16 August 1929
date of birth	Luis Ignatius Peñalver y Cárdenas (Havana, 3 April 1749 -- Havana, 17 July 1810) was a Cuban Catholic Bishop of New Orleans, and Archbishop of Guatemala.	Luis Ignatius Peñalver y Cárdenas	3 April 1749
date of birth	Hella Jongerius (born 30 May 1963 in De Meern, Utrecht) is a Dutch industrial designer.	Hella Jongerius	30 May 1963
date of birth	Richard Colburn (born on 25 July 1970) is the drummer of the Scottish indie band Belle & Sebastian.	Richard Colburn	25 July 1970
date of birth	Vanessa Walters, (born 1978, in London, United Kingdom) is an English novelist and playwright.	Vanessa Walters	1978
date of birth	Keith Broomfield (1979 -- June 3, 2015) was an American volunteer fighter who was killed while serving with the Kurdish YPG in Syria.	Keith Broomfield	1979
date of birth	Syed Hussain was born on 16 July 1919, in ancestral house in Mohalla Mir Maidan in Dooru--	Syed Hussain	1919
date of birth	Naomi Beckwith (born 1976) is a curator at the Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago.	Naomi Beckwith	1976
date of birth	Lopito Feijóo (born 29 September 1963 as João André da Silva Feijó, Lombe, Malanje, Angola) is an Angolan Portuguese-speaking writer.	Lopito Feijóo	29 September 1963
date of birth	Paul Langheinrich (1895--1979) was a German genealogist who saved a large number of German records that might have otherwise been destroyed from 1945 to 1953.	Paul Langheinrich	1895
date of birth	Temenuzhka Petkova (Bulgarian: Теменужка Петкова) (born 18 January 1967) is a Bulgarian politician and accountant.	Temenuzhka Petkova	18 January 1967
date of birth	Edward Whitaker Gray (21 March 1748 -- 27 December 1806), English botanist and secretary to the Royal Society, was uncle of Samuel Frederick Gray, author of The Practical Chemist.	Edward Whitaker Gray	21 March 1748
date of birth	James E. Moore Jr. (born 1951) is an American composer, singer and music pedagogue from LaCrosse, Virginia.	James E. Moore Jr.	1951
date of birth	Krzysztof Ratajski (born 1 January 1977) is a Polish darts player who plays in British Darts Organisation events.	Krzysztof Ratajski	1 January 1977
date of birth	Esmayeel Shroff (born 12 August 1960) is an Indian film director and writer, noted for his work in the Bollywood industry.	Esmayeel Shroff	12 August 1960
date of birth	Akaash Bhatia (born 1 May 1983 in Loughborough, England) is a British featherweight professional boxer.	Akaash Bhatia	1 May 1983
date of birth	Edmund Elisha Case (April 1844 -- 1919) was an American painter active in Springfield, Massachusetts.	Edmund Elisha Case	April 1844
date of birth	Ellen Joyce Loo (born 27 March 1986) is a Hong Kong Canadian singer-songwriter, member of the Hong Kong electrofolk and cantopop musical group at17.	Ellen Joyce Loo	27 March 1986
date of birth	Frank Schültge (born 16 July 1968 in Bremen) is a German author, musician, and producer, working under the pseudonym F. S. Blumm.	Frank Schültge	16 July 1968
date of birth	Donnacha Cody (born 24 December 1985) is an Irish hurler who played as a corner-back for the Kilkenny senior team.	Donnacha Cody	24 December 1985
date of birth	Robert Newton Flew was born at Holsworthy, Devon on 25 May 1886, the older son of Josiah Flew (1859--1925), a Wesleyan Methodist minister, and his wife, Florence Jones (1863--1964).	Robert Newton Flew	25 May 1886
date of birth	Anju Bala (born 6 September 1979 Kathua, Jammu & Kashmir) is an Indian politician of the Bharatiya Janata Party and a member of the 16th Lok Sabha.	Anju Bala	6 September 1979
date of birth	Professor François Diederich (born 9 July 1952, in Ettelbruck) is a Luxembourgian chemist specializing in organic chemistry.	François Diederich	9 July 1952
date of birth	Allison Joseph (born 1967) is an American poet, editor and professor.	Allison Joseph	1967
date of birth	Aaron Lopez (1731--1782), born Duarte Lopez, was a Portuguese Jewish merchant and philanthropist.	Aaron Lopez	1731
date of birth	Celso Esquivel González (born on 20 March 1981) is a Paraguayan footballer who is currently playing for Club Almagro of the Primera B Metropolitana in Argentina..	Celso Esquivel	20 March 1981
date of birth	Connie Kay (born Conrad Henry Kirnon; 27 April 1927 -- 30 November 1994) was an American jazz drummer.	Connie Kay	27 April 1927
date of birth	Steve Dinneen (born Stephen Edward Dinneen, 30 July 1982) is a London-based British journalist working for City AM.	Steve Dinneen	30 July 1982
date of birth	Eric Blackwood (aviator) (born December 7, 1921) aviator, born Brookfield, Bonavista Bay, Newfoundland, Canada.	Eric Blackwood	1921
date of birth	Jeanne Little (born Jeanne Mitchell; 11 May 1938) is a Gold Logie-award winning Australian entertainer and TV personality, now retired.	Jeanne Little	11 May 1938
date of birth	Thomas Kyparissis (Greek: Θωμάς Κυπαρίσσης; born 26 March 1970) is a retired Greek football player.	Thomas Kyparissis	26 March 1970
date of birth	Paul Victor Obeng (c. 1947 -- May 17, 2014), also known as P. V. Obeng, was a Ghanaian mechanical engineer, politician and chairman of the Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology council.	Paul Victor Obeng	1947
date of birth	Johanna Dorothea Lindenaer, also Johanna Dorothea Zoutelande or Madame de Zoutelandt, (1664--1737) was a Dutch writer, memoirist and translator.	Johanna Dorothea Lindenaer	1664
date of birth	Lars-Erik Persson (born 24 September 1944) is a Swedish professor in mathematics, which is especially known for his works in Fourier analysis, function spaces, inequalities, interpolation theory and related problems connected to convexity and quasi-monotone functions.	Lars-Erik Persson	24 September 1944
date of birth	Jan Stanisław Jankowski (6 May 1882 -- 13 March 1953; noms de guerre Doktor, Jan, Klonowski, Sobolewski, Soból) was a Polish politician, an important figure in the Polish civil resistance during World War II and a Government Delegate at Home.	Jan Stanisław Jankowski	6 May 1882
date of birth	Kiyonari Shibata (Japanese: 柴田 清成; born 27 March 1973) is a Japanese former track and field athlete and middle-distance runner.	Kiyonari Shibata	27 March 1973
date of birth	Arthur Yap Chioh Hiong (Chinese: 叶纬雄; pinyin: Yè WěiXióng; 1943--2006) was a Singaporean poet, writer and painter.	Arthur Yap	1943
date of birth	Elisabeth White (born 13 June 1976) is an Australian singer/songwriter, abstract painter and record producer, who has gained a large international following.	Elisabeth White	13 June 1976
date of birth	Heinrich Boere (27 September 1921 -- 1 December 2013) was a convicted German-Dutch war criminal and former member of the Waffen-SS. He was on the Simon Wiesenthal Center's list of most wanted Nazi war criminals.	Heinrich Boere	27 September 1921
date of birth	Katie Underwood (born 23 December 1975) is an Australian singer-songwriter, best known for being a member of Bardot, winners of the first Australian series of Popstars in 2000.	Katie Underwood	23 December 1975
date of birth	Henry Gadsby (1842--1907) was an English musician,	Henry Gadsby	1842
date of birth	JS Clayden (born Jonathan Seth Clayden, 24 March 1971, London, England) is a British singer and songwriter.	JS Clayden	24 March 1971
date of birth	Robert Audi (born November 1941) is an American philosopher whose major work has focused on epistemology, ethics -- especially on ethical intuitionism -- and the theory of action.	Robert Audi	1941
date of birth	Alastair MacGregor Martin was born on 30 June 1954 and attended The Mackay School in Chile.	Alastair MacGregor Martin	30 June 1954
date of birth	Hans Cappelen (18 December 1903 -- 1979) was a Norwegian jurist, businessperson and resistance fighter.	Hans Cappelen	18 December 1903
date of birth	Miriam Green (born ca 1950) is a South-African/British organizational theorist, and Senior Lecturer in Organisation Studies in the Department of Management and Professional Development at London Metropolitan University from 1980 to 2008.	Miriam Green	1950
date of birth	Charles Warren Adams (1833--1903) was an English lawyer, publisher and anti-vivisectionist, now known from documentary evidence to have been the author of The Notting Hill Mystery.	Charles Warren Adams	1833
date of birth	Yang Chunlin (Chinese: 杨春林; pinyin: Yáng Chūnlín; born 1954) is a human rights activist in Heilongjiang, China.	Yang Chunlin	1954
date of birth	Ernesto Dihigo y López Trigo (23 January 1896 -- 1991) was a prominent Cuban jurist, diplomat, and professor.	Ernesto Dihigo	23 January 1896
date of birth	Graeme Cessford (born 4 October 1983 in Hexham) is an English cricketer active in 2013 who plays for Worcestershire.	Graeme Cessford	4 October 1983
date of birth	Ilya Trachynski (Belarusian: Ілья Трачынскі; Russian: Илья Трачинский; born 29 May 1989) is a Belarusian professional footballer.	Ilya Trachynski	29 May 1989
date of birth	Chandran Kukathas (born 12 September 1957) is a Malaysian-born Australian political theorist known for his work on multiculturalism and liberalism.	Chandran Kukathas	12 September 1957
date of birth	Mark Van Hoen (born September 1966, Croydon, London, England) is an English electronic music artist.	Mark Van Hoen	September 1966
date of birth	Robert Heinrich Wagner, born as Robert Backfisch (13 October 1895 -- 14 August 1946) was Gauleiter of Baden, and Gauleiter of Alsace and Head of the Civil Government of Alsace during the German occupation of France in World War II. Robert Wagner was born in Lindach in the German Empire.	Robert Heinrich Wagner	13 October 1895
date of birth	Sung Nak-yang (born 1964) is a South Korean businessman and a former CEO of Yahoo! Korea.	Sung Nak-yang	1964
date of birth	Roger Ainsworth (born 1951) is Master of St Catherine's College, Oxford and Professor of Engineering Science at the University of Oxford, England.	Roger Ainsworth	1951
date of birth	Christina Schmuck (sometimes listed as Christa Schmuck, born 26 January 1944) is a West German luger who competed during the late 1960s and early 1970s.	Christina Schmuck	26 January 1944
date of birth	Elio Calderini (born 9 June 1988) is an Italian professional footballer who plays Catania.	Elio Calderini	9 June 1988
date of birth	J. Michael Henderson (born 1945 in Edinburgh, Scotland) is an American general and transplant surgeon, with experience in portal hypertension, liver transplantation, and pancreatic disease.	J. Michael Henderson	1945
date of birth	Wally Haysom (17 December 1897 -- 1 November 1982) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Wally Haysom	17 December 1897
date of birth	Álex Márquez i Alentà (born 23 April 1996) is a Spanish Grand Prix motorcycle road racer, and the younger brother of Marc Márquez, who also competes at Grand Prix level.	Álex Márquez	23 April 1996
date of birth	Kemal Kerinçsiz (b. 1960 in Edirne, Turkey) is a Turkish nationalist lawyer, famous for filing complaints against more than 40 Turkish journalists and authors (including Orhan Pamuk, Elif Şafak, and the late Hrant Dink) for ``insulting Turkishness''.	Kemal Kerinçsiz	1960
date of birth	Shqiprim Binakaj (born 26 April 1989, in Gjakovë) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Sonnenhof Großaspach in the 3.	Shqiprim Binakaj	26 April 1989
date of birth	Marc Zinga (born 21 October 1984) is a Belgian actor, singer and filmmaker.	Marc Zinga	21 October 1984
date of birth	Dmytro Krivtsov (Ukrainian: Кривцов Дмитро Іванович; born 3 April 1985) is a Ukrainian professional road bicycle racer, who rides for the ISD Continental Team.	Dmytro Krivtsov	3 April 1985
date of birth	Brigitte Boisselier (born 1956), also known as Brigitte Roehr, is a French chemist and Raëlian religious leader best known for her claim to have overseen the creation of the first human clone.	Brigitte Boisselier	1956
date of birth	Noshirvan Nagarwala (10 October 1909 -- 10 September 1998) was an Indian cricket umpire.	Noshirvan Nagarwala	10 October 1909
date of birth	Peter Staley (born January 9, 1961) is an American HIV/AIDS-LGBT rights activist, known for founding the Treatment Action Group (TAG) and the educational website AIDSmeds.com.	Peter Staley	1961
date of birth	Sir John Perceval, 1st Baronet (17 September 1629 -- 1 November 1665) was a substantial land owner in Ireland.	Sir John Perceval, 1st Baronet	1629
date of birth	Edmond Farhat (born 20 May 1933 in Ain Kfaa, Lebanon) is an Emeritus Lebanese Apostolic nuncio, a diplomatic representative of the Holy See.	Edmond Farhat	20 May 1933
date of birth	Alfred Holt (13 June 1829 -- 1911) was a Victorian engineer, ship owner and merchant.	Alfred Holt	1829
date of birth	Richard Stringer (born 15 March 1772 at Leicester; date of death unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 6 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1789 to 1803.	Richard Stringer	15 March 1772
date of birth	Thanasis Gogas (Greek: Θανάσης Γκόγκας; born 29 September 1980) is a Greek footballer.	Thanasis Gogas	29 September 1980
date of birth	Jules Goux (6 April 1885 - 6 March 1965), was a Grand Prix motor racing champion and the first Frenchman, and the first European, to win the Indianapolis 500.	Jules Goux	6 April 1885
date of birth	Chris Centrone (born 24 July 1991) is an Italian Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Wyong Roos of the New South Wales Cup.	Chris Centrone	24 July 1991
date of birth	Richard Beaudoin (born October 10, 1975) is an American composer of contemporary music.	Richard Beaudoin	1975
date of birth	James Ignatius Taylor was born at Gardiner's Place, Dublin in July 1805, to Joseph and Anne Taylor.	James Ignatius Taylor	1805
date of birth	Edna O'Brien (born 15 December 1930) is an Irish novelist, memoirist, playwright, poet and short story writer.	Edna O'Brien	15 December 1930
date of birth	Fei Gaoyun (Chinese: 费高云; born August 1971) is a Chinese politician serving since 2014 as the Mayor of Changzhou, a city in Jiangsu province.	Fei Gaoyun	1971
date of birth	Cargill Gilston Knott FRS, FRSE (30 June 1856 -- 26 October 1922) was a Scottish physicist and mathematician who was a pioneer in seismological research.	Cargill Gilston Knott	30 June 1856
date of birth	Tim Hargreaves (born 30 May 1975) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn and Geelong in the Australian Football League (AFL) during the 1990s.	Tim Hargreaves	30 May 1975
date of birth	Harry Goldsborough (born 1920) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a midfielder for the Tipperary senior team.	Harry Goldsboro	1920
date of birth	Lesley Chamberlain (born 26 September 1951, Rochford, Essex) is a British journalist, travel writer and historian of Russian and German culture and has published short stories and novels and written about food.	Lesley Chamberlain	1951
date of birth	Antonio del Rincón (1566 -- March 2, 1601) was a Jesuit priest and grammarian, who wrote one of the earliest grammars of the Nahuatl language (known generally as the Arte mexicana, MS. published in 1595).	Antonio del Rincón	1566
date of birth	Pope Gregory V, né Bruno of Carinthia (Latin: Gregorius V; c. 972 -- 18 February 999) was Pope from 3 May 996 to his death in 999.	Pope Gregory V	972
date of birth	Theo Tams (born 12 July 1985) is a Canadian singer and the winner of the sixth season of the CTV reality show Canadian Idol.	Theo Tams	12 July 1985
date of birth	Marguerite Poland (born 3 April 1950, Johannesburg) is a South African writer and author of eleven children's books.	Marguerite Poland	3 April 1950
date of birth	Gabriel Goodman (6 November 1528 -- 17 June 1601) became the Dean of Westminster on 23rd September 1561 and the re-founder of Ruthin School, in Ruthin, Denbighshire.	Gabriel Goodman	6 November 1528
date of birth	Mohammad A. Quayum (born 30 June 1954) is an academic, writer, editor, critic and translator.	Mohammad A. Quayum	30 June 1954
date of birth	Ioannis Tsilis (Greek: Ιωάννης Τσίλης, born 15 July 1986 in Ioannina) is a Greek rower.	Ioannis Tsilis	15 July 1986
date of birth	Andy Hayes (Andrew) (born 1977) is a published travel writer and travel industry entrepreneur from Oregon State, United_States, known internationally as that travel guy.	Andy Hayes	1977
date of birth	Henri Félix Camille Beaulieu (known as Henri Beylie; 30 November 1870 -- 1944) was a French accountant, naturist, anti-militarist, anarchist and then communist.	Henri Beylie	30 November 1870
date of birth	Scilla Elworthy (born 3 June 1943) is a peace builder, and the founder of the Oxford Research Group, a non-governmental organisation she set up in 1982 to develop effective dialogue between nuclear weapons policy-makers worldwide and their critics, for which she was nominated three times for the Nobel Peace Prize.	Scilla Elworthy	3 June 1943
date of birth	Ramaz Urushadze (Georgian: რამაზ ურუშაძე; Russian: Рамаз Павлович (Перузович) Урушадзе, Ramaz Pavlovich Urushadze; 17 August 1939 -- 7 March, 2012) was a Soviet Georgian footballer.	Ramaz Urushadze	17 August 1939
date of birth	Cuthmann of Steyning (c. 681 -- 8th century), also spelt Cuthman, was an Anglo-Saxon hermit, church-builder and saint.	Cuthmann of Steyning	681
date of birth	M.L. Liebler (born Michael Lynn Liebler in 1953 in Detroit, Michigan) is the author and editor of several books of poetry including Brooding in the Heartlands.	M.L. Liebler	1953
date of birth	Monika Kapil Mohta (Hindi: मोनिका कपिल मोहता, born 19 January 1962) is an Indian diplomat, serving as Additional Secretary in the Ministry of External Affairs.	Monika Kapil Mohta	19 January 1962
date of birth	Marvin Gaye Chetwynd (born Alalia Chetwynd, 1973, best known as Spartacus Chetwynd) is a British artist known for reworkings of iconic moments from cultural history in improvised performances.	Marvin Gaye Chetwynd	1973
date of birth	Ramazan Sal (born 27 June 1985) is a Turkish professional footballer who currently plays as a center back for Şanlıurfaspor.	Ramazan Sal	27 June 1985
date of birth	Adam Cleghorn Welch (14 May 1864 -- 19 February 1943) was a Scottish clergyman and biblical scholar.	Adam Cleghorn Welch	1864
date of birth	Michelle Bridges (born 20 October 1970) is an Australian personal trainer, author and TV personality.	Michelle Bridges	20 October 1970
date of birth	Manuel Landeta (born José Manuel Goenaga Jassan in 1958) is a Mexican singer and actor of telenovelas.	Manuel Landeta	1958
date of birth	Stanley Dickens (born 7 May 1952 in Färila) is a Swedish race car driver who won the Le Mans 24 hours in 1989 driving a Sauber C9-Mercedes.	Stanley Dickens	7 May 1952
date of birth	María Fernanda Cardoso (born 1963) is a Colombian Australian artist, sculptor and illustrator.	María Fernanda Cardoso	1963
date of birth	Melanie Rawn (born 1954) is an author of fantasy literature.	Melanie Rawn	1954
date of birth	Jonas Elmer (born 28 February 1988) is a Swiss footballer who is a free agent.	Jonas Elmer	28 February 1988
date of birth	Keith Harwood (1940 -- September 3, 1977) was a recording engineer, most notable for his work at Olympic Studios with such musicians as David Bowie (on Diamond Dogs in 1974), the Pretty Things and Ron Wood.	Keith Harwood	1940
date of birth	Michael Segal (Hebrew: מיכאל סגל; Russian: Михаил Сегал, born 1972 in Kishinev, USSR) is a Professor of Communication Systems Engineering at Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, known for his work in ad-hoc and sensor networks.	Michael Segal	1972
date of birth	E. Lawrence Barcella, Jr., often known as Larry Barcella (23 May 1945 - 4 November 2010) was an Assistant United States Attorney for the District of Columbia (1971 - 1986) and a criminal defense lawyer in private practice (1986 - 2010), specializing in white-collar crime.	Lawrence Barcella	23 May 1945
date of birth	Jay Neagle (born 17 January 1988) is an Australian rules footballer formerly with the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Jay Neagle	17 January 1988
date of birth	Greg Phillips (born 26 March 1959) is a former Australian rules football player who played with the Port Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) and had a stint with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1980s.	Greg Phillips	26 March 1959
date of birth	Jim Gaylord (born 1974) is an American artist living and working in New York.	Jim Gaylord	1974
date of birth	Samuel Charles Wilks (1789--1872) was an evangelical clergyman of the Church of England, known as a journalist.	Samuel Charles Wilks	1789
date of birth	Anita Graham (born 1948) is a British film, stage and television actress and a former member of the Royal Shakespeare Company.	Anita Graham	1948
date of birth	Charles Greaves M Inst CE FGS (1816-1883), eldest son of Charles Greaves (d. 1829), was born in Amwell, Hertfordshire on 19 October 1816.	Charles Greaves	19 October 1816
date of birth	Fadrique de Portugal y Noroña (c. 1465 -- 15 January 1539) was a Luso-Aragonese politician and cleric.	Fadrique de Portugal	1465
date of birth	Oktay Derelioğlu (born 17 December 1975) is Turkish former international footballer.	Oktay Derelioğlu	17 December 1975
date of birth	Colm Cassidy (born 11 March 1978, in Kilcormac, County Offaly, Ireland) is an Irish sportsperson.	Colm Cassidy	11 March 1978
date of birth	Jakob Karl Ernst Halm (born Bingen am Rhein: 30 November 1866 -- South Africa 17 July 1944) was a pioneer of stellar dynamics and the first person to suggest the existence of a mass-luminosity relation for stars.	Jakob Karl Ernst Halm	30 November 1866
date of birth	Dale Baynes (born 29 November 1980) is a former Australian rules footballer who played one game for Collingwood in the Australian Football League in 2000.	Dale Baynes	29 November 1980
date of birth	Rev. Frederick Lewis Weis, Th.D. (August 22, 1895 --April 11, 1966) reverend, author of a number of well-known genealogical books.	Frederick Lewis Weis	1895
date of birth	Silver Eensaar (born 29 July 1978) is an Estonian orienteer, rogainer and adventure racer.	Silver Eensaar	29 July 1978
date of birth	Craig Baldwin (born 1952) is an American experimental filmmaker.	Craig Baldwin	1952
date of birth	Stjepan Hauser (Croatian pronunciation: (stjêpaːn xǎuser); born 15 June 1986) is a Croatian cellist.	Stjepan Hauser	15 June 1986
date of birth	George Brewer (born 1766) was an English miscellaneous writer.	George Brewer	1766
date of birth	Lisa Swerling (born 1972) is a South African/British artist and a New York Times Bestselling author.	Lisa Swerling	1972
date of birth	Stefan Grimm (1963 - 2014) was a biologist who held a Chair in Toxicology at Imperial College London.	Stefan Grimm	1963
date of birth	Ottokar Lorenz (17 September 1832 -- 13 May 1904) was an Austrian-German historian and genealogist.	Ottokar Lorenz	17 September 1832
date of birth	Emil Caras (born 21 December 1967) is a Moldovan professional football coach and a former player, who currently works as assistant manager at Romanian side ASA Târgu Mureș .	Emil Caras	21 December 1967
date of birth	Eiichi Yamamoto (born 22 November 1940) is a Japanese film director and screenwriter of anime.	Eiichi Yamamoto	22 November 1940
date of birth	Dr. Wayne Hankey (born 1944), is a Canadian religious philosopher.	Wayne Hankey	1944
date of birth	Marco Antonio Palacios Redorta (born 6 March 1981), commonly known as ``Pikolin'' is a Mexican footballer who last played for Monarcas Morelia on loan from Pumas UNAM.	Marco Antonio Palacios	6 March 1981
date of birth	Angalifu (pronounced ``ang-uh-LEEF-oo''; 1970--2014) was a captive northern white rhinoceros held at the San Diego Zoo Safari Park.	Angalifu	1970
date of birth	Pavlos Mitropoulos (Greek: Παύλος Μητρόπουλος; born 4 April 1990) is a Greek footballer who plays for Panionios in the Greek Superleague as a defensive midfielder .	Pavlos Mitropoulos	4 April 1990
date of birth	William Gordon Young (15 June 1904 -- 6 September 1974) was an Australian physical culturist and public servant.	William Gordon Young	15 June 1904
date of birth	Michael Joaquin Grey (born 1961 in Los Angeles) is an American artist, inventor, educator, and toy designer based in New York City.	Michael Joaquin Grey	1961
date of birth	Dimitris Beis (Greek: Δημήτρης Μπέης; 1928 -- 25 October 2012) was a Greek politician.	Dimitris Beis	1928
date of birth	Sadat Mansoor Naderi was born in Kabul on 3 March 1977 to a spiritual family.	Sadat Mansoor Naderi	3 March 1977
date of birth	Lt Commander Rahul Nair (b. 1976 - d.4th Mar 2010) was a pilot with the Indian Navy.	Rahul Nair	1976
date of birth	Keith Strachan (born 21 January 1944, Consett, County Durham) is a British composer and theatre director.	Keith Strachan	21 January 1944
date of birth	Lyudmila Gubkina (Belarusian: Людміла Губкіна; born 13 August 1973 in Navapolatsk, Vitsebsk Voblast) is a Belarusian hammer thrower.	Lyudmila Gubkina	13 August 1973
date of birth	Saskia de Brauw (born 19 April 1981) is a Dutch artist and model.	Saskia de Brauw	19 April 1981
date of birth	Fiona Allen (born 13 March 1965) is an English comedienne and actress.	Fiona Allen	13 March 1965
date of birth	Karl Wilhelm von Dalla Torre (14 July 1850 -- 6 April 1928) was an Austrian taxonomist, entomologist and botanist.	Karl Wilhelm von Dalla Torre	14 July 1850
date of birth	Nyala Rinpoche Rigdzin Changchub Dorje (1826 -- 1961/1978) was a teacher of Dzogchen, terton and practitioner of Tibetan medicine.	Nyala Rinpoche	1826
date of birth	Lothar Fendler (born 13 August 1913 in Breslau; date of death unknown, after 1951) was an SS-Sturmbannführer, in Sonderkommando 4b of Einsatzgruppe C and was involved in the murder of the Jews in occupied Ukraine.	Lothar Fendler	13 August 1913
date of birth	Peter Mikhailovich Kulakov (born 21 March 1964) is a television evangelist, founding director of the first Christian Media Center in the former Soviet Union, pastor, and overseas missionary.	Peter Mikhailovich Kulakov	21 March 1964
date of birth	Ohn Gyaw (Burmese: အုန်းကျော်, pronounced: (ʔóʊɴ dʑɔ̀); born 1932) is a Burmese politician who served as 16th Minister of Foreign Affairs.	Ohn Gyaw	1932
date of birth	Anna Hackl (born 1931) is a farmer in Schwertberg.	Anna Hackl	1931
date of birth	Ann Shumelda Okerson (b. c. 1950) is an internationally distinguished librarian and expert on the place of new digital technologies in libraries.	Ann Shumelda Okerson	1950
date of birth	Generoso Rossi (born 3 January 1979) is an Italian footballer who is currently a free agent having most recently played for Sorrento in the Lega Pro Prima Divisione --	Generoso Rossi	3 January 1979
date of birth	Jimmy MacBeath (1894--1972) was an itinerant worker and singer of Bothy Ballads from the north east of Scotland.	Jimmy MacBeath	1894
date of birth	Keith Tippett (born Keith Graham Tippetts; 25 August 1947) is a British jazz pianist and composer.	Keith Tippett	25 August 1947
date of birth	Lyndy Brill (also known as Lindy Brill, born 30 July 1963) is a former actress and singer.	Lindy Brill	30 July 1963
date of birth	Wilco Zeelenberg (born 19 August 1966) is a Dutch former professional Grand Prix motorcycle road racer and current race team manager.	Wilco Zeelenberg	19 August 1966
date of birth	Tony Brandon (born 12 December 1933, in Portland, Dorset) is an English radio presenter and comedian.	Tony Brandon	12 December 1933
date of birth	Mambury Njie (born 27 June 1962) is a Gambian politician who has served as both Minister of Foreign Affairs and Minister of Finance and Economic Affairs and held other roles in the Cabinet of the Gambia.	Mambury Njie	27 June 1962
date of birth	Thomas Henry Goodwin Newton (1835--1907) was the Chairman of Imperial Continental Gas Association (now known as Calor Gas), one of the United Kingdom's largest energy businesses.	Goodwin Newton	1835
date of birth	Renato Álvarez Vásquez (born 2 December 1960 in El Porvenir, Francisco Morazán) is a journalist from Honduras who reads the evening news on TN5.	Renato Álvarez	2 December 1960
date of birth	Dzmitry Vaitsishkin (born 1985) is a Belarusian sprint canoer who has been competing since 2005.	Dzmitry Vaitsishkin	1985
date of birth	Carl Klönne (26 May 1850 - 20 May 1915) was a German Banker.	Carl Klönne	26 May 1850
date of birth	Rolf Solli (born 1953) is a Swedish organizational theorist and Professor of Management at the University of Borås.	Rolf Solli	1953
date of birth	Gauri Shankar Chaturbhuj Bisen (born 1 January 1952) is a current cabinet minister in BJP ministry of Madhya Pradesh.	Gauri Shankar Chaturbhuj Bisen	1 January 1952
date of birth	Yusef Sozi born 20 December 1981 in Kampala, Uganda is a rugby league player for Sheffield Eagles in National League One.	Yusef Sozi	20 December 1981
date of birth	Humphrey Owen Jones (20 February 1878 -- 12 August 1912) was a Welsh chemist and mountaineer.	Humphrey Owen Jones	20 February 1878
date of birth	Maureen Koech (born 21 May 1989) is a Kenyan actress, songwriter and singer.	Maureen Koech	21 May 1989
date of birth	Robert Kidston, FRS (29 June 1852 - 13 July 1924) was a Scottish palaeobotanist.	Robert Kidston	29 June 1852
date of birth	The Rt Hon. Sir Peter Gibson (born 10 June 1934), is a former British barrister and Lord Justice of Appeal of the Court of Appeal of England and Wales, and is currently a judge of the Qatar International Court.	Peter Gibson	10 June 1934
date of birth	Gedalia Gal (Hebrew: גדליה גל‎, born 14 February 1933) is an Israeli farmer and former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment and Labor Party from 1988 until 1996.	Gedalia Gal	14 February 1933
date of birth	Sebastien Toutant (born 9 November 1992) is a Canadian snowboarder, and is occasionally called Seb Toots.	Sebastien Toutant	9 November 1992
date of birth	John Furniss (born near Sheffield, England, 19 June 1809; died at Clapham, London, 16 September 1865) was an English Roman Catholic priest, known for his mission to children.	John Furniss	19 June 1809
date of birth	Kyle Coney (born 1990) is an Irish Gaelic footballer from Northern Ireland.	Kyle Coney	1990
date of birth	Anthimos Kapsis (Greek: Άνθιμος Καψής; born 3 September 1950) is a Greek former International football player.	Anthimos Kapsis	3 September 1950
date of birth	Katarína Horáková (born 12 October 1934), published in English speaking countries as Katarina Horak, is a professor of biology at Faculty of Chemical and Food Technology, Slovak University of Technology in Bratislava, Slovakia.	Katarína Horáková	12 October 1934
date of birth	Harpreet Singh Bhatia (born 11 August 1991) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Madhya Pradesh in Indian domestic cricket.	Harpreet Singh Bhatia	11 August 1991
date of birth	Prashant Chopra (born 7 October 1992) is an Indian Under-19 player.	Prashant Chopra	7 October 1992
date of birth	Lorenz Bogaert, born 1976, is a Belgian online media entrepreneur.	Lorenz Bogaert	1976
date of birth	Jacqueline Kudler (born 1935) is a poet and educator who lives in Sausalito, California.	Jacqueline Kudler	1935
date of birth	Yeoh Ken Nee (simplified Chinese: 杨健立; traditional Chinese: 楊健立; pinyin: Yáng Jiànlì; born 30 April 1983) is a Malaysian diver.	Yeoh Ken Nee	30 April 1983
date of birth	Moniruddin Khan (Bengali: মনিরুদ্দিন খান, born August 1974), is a Bengali poet and writer.	Moniruddin Khan	August 1974
date of birth	Majid Michel (nicknamed Shaker, born 22 September 1980) is a Ghanaian actor.	Majid Michel	22 September 1980
date of birth	Edmund Joseph Sullivan (1869--1933), usually known as E. J. Sullivan, was a British book illustrator who worked in a style which merged the British tradition of illustration from the 1860s with aspects of Art Nouveau.	E. J. Sullivan	1869
date of birth	Robert Charles Anderson, (born 1944) Director of the Great Migration Study Project, was educated as a biochemist and served in the United States Army in electronics intelligence.	Robert Charles Anderson	1944
date of birth	Jillian Lauren (born August 30, 1973) is an American writer, performer and former escort.	Jillian Lauren	1973
date of birth	Lydia Thompson, born Eliza Hodges Thompson (19 February 1838 -- 17 November 1908), was an English dancer, comedian, actress and theatrical producer.	Lydia Thompson	19 February 1838
date of birth	Alan Brogan (born 11 January 1982) is a Gaelic footballer from the St Oliver Plunketts/Eoghan Ruadh club who played inter-county with Dublin from 2002 until his retirement in 2015.	Alan Brogan	11 January 1982
date of birth	Goran Ješić (Serbian: Горан Јешић; born 3 August 1974 in Sremska Mitrovica, SFR Yugoslavia) is the Vice President of the Democratic Party in Serbia and was the Vice President of the Government of Vojvodina from 2012 to 2014.	Goran Ješić	3 August 1974
date of birth	Emily Dubberley (born 1974, Cheltenham) is a British author and journalist specialising in sex and relationships.	Emily Dubberley	1974
date of birth	Walter Jon Williams (born 1953) is an American writer, primarily of science fiction.	Walter Jon Williams	1953
date of birth	Tenshin Zenki Reb Anderson (born 1943) is a Zen teacher and lineage holder in the Sōtō Zen tradition of Shunryu Suzuki.	Reb Anderson	1943
date of birth	Neil Abel (born 22 December 1960 in Kirkcaldy, Fife, Scotland, United Kingdom) is a British professional ice hockey player who has played in the United Kingdom since 1980.	Neil Abel	22 December 1960
date of birth	Brian McConaghy (born 1963) is the founder of Ratanak International and a former Canadian forensic scientist who left the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) in order to dedicate all his energies to ending child abuse and human trafficking in Cambodia.	Brian McConaghy	1963
date of birth	Stanley Glasser (born 28 February 1926), is a South African-born composer and academic who studied with Matyas Seiber at Cambridge.	Stanley Glasser	28 February 1926
date of birth	Mike Süsser (born 8 January 1971 in Itzehoe) is a German chef and author.	Mike Süsser	8 January 1971
date of birth	Asoke Kumar Mukerji (born December 1955) is an Indian diplomat and writer.	Asoke Kumar Mukerji	December 1955
date of birth	Richard Foulkes (born 1902) was an English professional footballer who played as a right half.	Richard Foulkes	1902
date of birth	Tom Gleisner (born 1962) is an Australian director, producer, writer, comedian, occasional actor and author.	Tom Gleisner	1962
date of birth	Annabel Chong (born 22 May 1972) is the stage name of a Singaporean-born American former pornographic film actress who became famous after starring in an adult film that was promoted as The World's Biggest Gang Bang.	Annabel Chong	22 May 1972
date of birth	Agni Sapkota (born 7 March 1960, Sindhupalchok, Kubinde) is a Nepalese politician.	Agni Sapkota	7 March 1960
date of birth	Edmund, 2nd Earl of Kent (1326 -- before 5 October 1331) was a member of the English royal family.	Edmund, 2nd Earl of Kent	1326
date of birth	Michael F Smith (born 1948) is an Anglo-American computer scientist, medical informatician and businessman.	Michael F Smith	1948
date of birth	Desmond Rex Williams (born 20 July 1933), son of Minnie Roberts and William Williams, is a retired English professional snooker and billiards player.	Rex Williams	20 July 1933
date of birth	Theodor Bull (1870 -- 1958) was a Norwegian businessperson and genealogist.	Theodor Bull	1870
date of birth	John Leeson (born 16 March 1943) is a British actor who is best known for voicing K-9 on the television series Doctor Who from 1977 to 1979, then from 1980 to 1981, and has returned for two single episode in the revived series.	John Leeson	March 1943
date of birth	Jeffrey Paul Smith (born 1956) is an attorney, community organizer, and political activist from Illinois who is known for advocacy of progressive, reform, and independent causes.	Jeffrey Paul Smith	1956
date of birth	Srđan Radovanović (born 1959) is a Serbian lawyer and business executive.	Srđan Radovanović	1959
date of birth	Antoine Aureche (born 4 December 1981) is a French musician: guitarist, singer, electro producer and composer.	Antoine Aureche	4 December 1981
date of birth	Haim Steinbach (born Rehovot, Israel, 1944) is an American artist, who lives in New York City.	Haim Steinbach	1944
date of birth	Mohammad Akefian (born 31 May 1984) is an Iranian sprinter specializing in the 400 metres.	Mohammad Akefian	31 May 1984
date of birth	Herbert Kisza (born 16 June 1943 in Podobora, near Český Těšín) is a Czech painter and sculptor.	Herbert Kisza	16 June 1943
date of birth	Ivan Morley (born 1966, Burbank, California, United States) is an artist based in Los Angeles.	Ivan Morley	1966
date of birth	Tamás Benkócs (born 1972) is a Hungarian classical basoonist.	Tamás Benkócs	1972
date of birth	Sumalagu (Chinese: 苏麻喇姑; pinyin: Sūmálàgū; 1615--1705) was a palace attendant of the Qing Dynasty.	Sumalagu	1615
date of birth	Patsy Chapman (born 3 May 1948) is a former British newspaper editor.	Patsy Chapman	3 May 1948
date of birth	Sarah Bowen, OAM(born 15 April 1984) is an Australian Paralympic swimmer.	Sarah Bowen	15 April 1984
date of birth	Ivar Sisniega Campbell (born 29 May 1958) is a Mexican modern pentathlete, politician, and businessman.	Ivar Sisniega	29 May 1958
date of birth	Professor Matthew Weait (born 24 August 1963) BA (Hons), MA, MPhil, DPhil is Dean of the Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences at the University of Portsmouth.	Matthew Weait	24 August 1963
date of birth	Barbara Sukowa (born 2 February 1950) is a German theatre and film actress.	Barbara Sukowa	2 February 1950
date of birth	Henk Savelberg (Mechelen, 11 July 1953) is a Dutch head chef.	Henk Savelberg	11 July 1953
date of birth	Camille Zaidan (born on 9 March 1944 in Kassaibé, Matn District, Lebanon) is the current Archeparch of the Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Antelias in Lebanon.	Camille Zaidan	9 March 1944
date of birth	John Ker, 1st Duke of Roxburghe, PC, FRS (30 April 1680--27 February 1741) was the second son of Robert Ker, 3rd Earl of Roxburghe, and Margaret Hay, daughter of John Hay, 1st Marquess of Tweeddale.	John Ker, 1st Duke of Roxburghe	1680
date of birth	Trygve Kaldahl (1922 -- 9 January 2015) was a Norwegian agrarian leader.	Trygve Kaldahl	1922
date of birth	Pafsanias Katsotas (Greek: Παυσανίας Κατσώτας, 1896--1991) was a Greek Army officer and politician.	Pafsanias Katsotas	1896
date of birth	Kate Raison (born 2 February 1962) is an Australian actress, best known for her roles on television, predominately in soap operas, including Cathy Hayden in A Country Practice, Sheridan Sturgess in E Street and Georgina Ellis in Pacific Drive Raison has also appeared in Home and Away, Farscape and All Saints.	Kate Raison	2 February 1962
date of birth	Luce Caponegro (born 12 December 1966), is an Italian actress and TV presenter and a renowned former pornographic actress who also goes by her stage name of Selen, by which she is still better known today.	Selen	12 December 1966
date of birth	Nicholas Alwyn (born 13 June 1938) is an English first class cricketer who played for Cambridge University Cricket Club.	Nicholas Alwyn	13 June 1938
date of birth	Dr.José Luis Gilarranz (1954, Madrid - Feb. 20, 2009) was a key figure in the development of rapid deployment systems for use in medical emergencies.	José Luis Gilarranz	1954
date of birth	John Holmes McDowell (born 25 September 1946) is a Professor in the Department of Folklore and Ethnomusicology at Indiana University Bloomington.	John Holmes McDowell	25 September 1946
date of birth	Ebs Akintade (born 5 December 1981) is British TV Presenter and Radio DJ.	Ebs Akintade	5 December 1981
date of birth	James Ingleby DL, born 1945, was appointed Lord-Lieutenant of Aberdeenshire by Her Majesty The Queen on 13 July 2010 having been made a Deputy Lieutenant in July 1992.	James Ingleby	1945
date of birth	Ambrosius Bosschaert the Elder (18 January 1573 -- 1621) was a still life painter of the Dutch Golden Age.	Ambrosius Bosschaert	18 January 1573
date of birth	Michael Denner (born 5 November 1958) is a Danish heavy-metal guitarist.	Michael Denner	5 November 1958
date of birth	Pedro Cuatrecasas (born 27 September 1936) is an American biochemist and an Adjunct Professor of Pharmacology & Medicine at the University of California, San Diego.	Pedro Cuatrecasas	27 September 1936
date of birth	Giuseppe Marsigli (Naples, 1795 - circa 1835) was an Italian painter and engraver.	Giuseppe Marsigli	1795
date of birth	Amish Tripathi (born 18 October 1974), is an Indian author, known for his novels The Immortals of Meluha, The Secret of the Nagas and The Oath of the Vayuputras.	Amish Tripathi	18 October 1974
date of birth	Elias Sunny (Bengali: ইলিয়াস সানি, born 2 August 1986) is a Bangladeshi cricketer.	Elias Sunny	2 August 1986
date of birth	Friedrich-Karl Burckhardt was born on 24 December 1889 in Koslin, Prussia, which is now located in Poland.	Friedrich-Karl Burckhardt	24 December 1889
date of birth	Nevenka Petrić was born on 11 March 1927 at Maslovare (then Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes, now Republika Srpska, Bosnia).	Nevenka Petrić	11 March 1927
date of birth	Roman Madrolle (born 16 April 1980, in France) is a French singer-songwriter who released his debut album in 2009.	Roman Madrolle	16 April 1980
date of birth	Madis Kallas (born 22 April 1981) is an Estonian decathlete.	Madis Kallas	22 April 1981
date of birth	Ty Eriksen (born 1984) is an American professional baseball player who plays in the German Bundesliga for the Haar Disciples and also played in the inaugural year of the Israel Baseball League in 2007.	Ty Eriksen	1984
date of birth	Robert Priest (born July 10, 1951, in Walton-on-Thames, England) is a Canadian poet, children's author and singer/songwriter.	Robert Priest	1951
date of birth	Muhammed Akbar Khan, Crown Prince of Afghanistan (4 August 1933 in Arg-i-Shahi, Kabul - 26 november 1942 in Kabul) was the first son of Mohammed Zahir Shah, the former King of Afghanistan, and the heir apparent to the throne of Afghanistan during his lifetime.	Muhammed Akbar Khan, Crown Prince of Afghanistan	4 August 1933
date of birth	Ion Caras (born 11 September 1950) is a Moldovan former footballer and formermanager of the Moldova national team.	Ion Caras	11 September 1950
date of birth	William Blum (/blʌm/; born 6 March 1933) is an American author, historian, and critic of United States foreign policy.	William Blum	1933
date of birth	Tom Boxer (born Cosmin Simionică, 6 January 1977) is a Romanian DJ and producer.	Tom Boxer	6 January 1977
date of birth	Eva Justin (23 August 1909 -- 11 September 1966) was a German racial anthropologist and psychologist, and a prominent Nazi anthropologist.	Eva Justin	23 August 1909
date of birth	Louis E. Schwend (1875-1900) was an architect in North Carolina at the firm of Hayden, Wheeler, and Schwend.	Louis E. Schwend	1875
date of birth	Thomas Garoghan (1845-?) was an Irish uilleann piper.	Thomas Garoghan	1845
date of birth	Chellamalla Suguna Kumari, M.D. (born 25 July 1955) is an Indian parliamentarian from Hyderabad, Telangana.	Chellamalla Suguna Kumari	25 July 1955
date of birth	Rohan Blizard (born 20 May 1984) is an Australian professional golfer, who currently plays on the Asian Tour.	Rohan Blizard	20 May 1984
date of birth	Ludwig Späth (1793--1883) was a German botanist and nurseryman.	Ludwig Späth	1793
date of birth	Robin Lovejoy (1923--85) was an Australian director, actor and designer best known for his work on television and in theatre.	Robin Lovejoy	1923
date of birth	Stefan Jackiw (/stɛˈfɑːn dʒæˈkiːv/; born 1985) is an American classical violinist.	Stefan Jackiw	1985
date of birth	Ting Man (born 20 June 1983), better known by her stage names Cherrie Ying or Ying Choi-yi, is a Taiwan-born Hong Kong actress.	Cherrie Ying	20 June 1983
date of birth	Joseph Thomas Sheridan Le Fanu (/ˈlɛfənjuː/; 28 August 1814 -- 7 February 1873) was an Irish writer of Gothic tales and mystery novels.	Sheridan Le Fanu	28 August 1814
date of birth	Claudia Karvan (born 19 May 1972) is an Australian actress known for her roles in the television series The Secret Life of Us and Love My Way.	Claudia Karvan	19 May 1972
date of birth	Luís André da Silva or simply Da Silva (born 3 March 1972) is a former Brazilian football player.	Luís André da Silva	3 March 1972
date of birth	Colin Frederick Jacobsen AM (born 13 April 1936 in Sydney), better known by his stage name Col Joye, is an Australian pioneer rock musician, popular entertainer and entrepreneur, (he has also recorded various other cross-over styles such as country music).	Col Joye	13 April 1936
date of birth	Toranosuke Takagi, known simply as Tora Takagi (高木 虎之介; born 12 February 1974) is a Japanese former race car driver.	Toranosuke Takagi	12 February 1974
date of birth	Aymen Abdennour (Arabic: أيمن عبد النور‎; born 6 August 1989) is a Tunisian professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Valencia CF as a central defender.	Aymen Abdennour	6 August 1989
date of birth	Daniel Nghipandulwa (born 8 June 1985) is a Namibian middle distance athlete.	Daniel Nghipandulwa	8 June 1985
date of birth	General Necdet Özel (born 1950) was a Turkish Army general, who served as the 28th Chief of the General Staff of the Turkish Armed Forces.	Necdet Özel	1950
date of birth	Marian Price (born 1954), also known by her married name as Marian McGlinchey, is a prominent Irish republican.	Marian Price	1954
date of birth	Hugh Llewellyn Keenleyside, CC (7 July 1898 -- September 27, 1992) was a Canadian university professor, diplomat, and civil servant.	Hugh Llewellyn Keenleyside	7 July 1898
date of birth	Saneita Been (born 1986) represented the island nation of Turks and Caicos in the beauty pageant Miss Universe 2007 in Mexico City, Mexico on 28 May 2007.	Saneita Been	1986
date of birth	Daley Williams (born 15 May 1986 in Halifax, West Yorkshire) is a rugby league footballer for Keighley.	Daley Williams	15 May 1986
date of birth	Martina Školková (born 21 December 1984) is a Slovak handballer who plays for French club Cercle Dijon Bourgogne and the Slovak national team.	Martina Školková	21 December 1984
date of birth	Baothghalach Mór Mac Aodhagáin (1550--1600) was an Irish poet.	Baothghalach Mór Mac Aodhagáin	1550
date of birth	Nobutoshi Kihara (木原 信敏 Kihara Nobutoshi, 14 October 1926 -- 13 February 2011) was an engineer at Sony, best known for his work on the original Walkman cassette-tape player in the 1970s and was commonly called Mr. Walkman in the press.	Nobutoshi Kihara	14 October 1926
date of birth	Mehmet Kurt (born 1 January 1947, in Ceyhan, Turkey) is the son of Mehmet Kurt, who was Ceyhan's most significant and well known community leader and landowner.	Mehmet Kurt	1 January 1947
date of birth	Saint Barbatus of Benevento (Italian: San Barbato) (c. 610 -- February 29, 682), also known as Barbas, was a bishop of Benevento from 663 to 682.	Barbatus of Benevento	610
date of birth	Martin Alfsen (born 4 January 1959) is a musician, producer, songwriter and choir director.	Martin Alfsen	4 January 1959
date of birth	Rok Golčar (born 23 December 1985 in Slovenj Gradec, Slovenia) is a professional handball player currently playing for RK Gorenje Velenje.	Rok Golčar	23 December 1985
date of birth	Dean Capobianco (born 11 May 1970) is an Australian businessman and former athlete.	Dean Capobianco	11 May 1970
date of birth	George Ryley Scott (1886 -- c. 1980) was a prolific British author of books about sexual intercourse, active from the late 1920s to the 1970s.	George Ryley Scott	1886
date of birth	Fabijan Knežević (born 27 April 1987) is a Canadian-Croatian football (soccer) player.	Fabijan Knežević	27 April 1987
date of birth	Vera Filatova (born 6 November 1982), also known as Vera Graziadei is a Ukrainian-British actress.	Vera Filatova	6 November 1982
date of birth	Vasundhara Raje Scindia (born 8 March 1953), commonly referred to as Vasundhara Raje, is an Indian politician who has been Chief Minister of Rajasthan since 2013; previously she served in the same post from 2003 to 2008.	Vasundhara Raje	8 March 1953
date of birth	Walter Hunziker (1899--1974) was a Swiss professor who founded the Tourism Research Institute at the University of St. Gallen, co-developed the scientific study of tourism, developed the travel savings fund concept, co-founded the Association Internationale d'Experts Scientifiques du Tourisme (AIEST) and the Institut International de Glion.	Walter Hunziker	1899
date of birth	Norm Brown (born 6 August 1943) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the VFL.	Norm Brown	6 August 1943
date of birth	Simon Wing (1827 --1911) was a daguerreotypist and camera inventor and socialist politician.	Simon Wing	1827
date of birth	Oliver Beeck (born 1988) is an American football Offensive Lineman, Center for the Kiel Baltic Hurricanes of the German Football League.	Oliver Beeck	1988
date of birth	Andrey Ashyhmin (Belarusian: Андрэй Ашыхмін; Russian: Андрей Ашихмин; born 2 December 1974) is a retired Belarusian professional footballer and currently a coach.	Andrey Ashyhmin	2 December 1974
date of birth	Dr Philip R. Lane (born 27 August 1969) is an economist and was appointed Governor of the Central Bank of Ireland in November 2015.	Philip R. Lane	1969
date of birth	Jae Lee (born 1972) is a Korean American comic book artist known for his work for various publishers, including Marvel and DC Comics.	Jae Lee	1972
date of birth	Sue Belinda Giblin (born 2 March 1950) is an Australian actress, prominent in soap operas.	Belinda Giblin	2 March 1950
date of birth	Andrew Keary (born 1987) is an Irish hurler who played as a left wing-forward for the Galway senior hurling team.	Andrew Keary	1987
date of birth	Myloh Jaqory Mason (born 28 June 1990) is an American man who is listed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) of the United States within the FBI list of the ten most wanted persons for crimes alleged committed.	Myloh Jaqory Mason	28 June 1990
date of birth	Claude Ake (18 February 1939 in Omoku -- 7 November 1996) was a Nigerian political scientist.	Claude Ake	18 February 1939
date of birth	Kym Wilson (born 1 April 1973) is an Australian actress and former television host.	Kym Wilson	1 April 1973
date of birth	Ayọ (born as Joy Olasunmibo Ogunmakin, 14 September 1980) is a Nigerian-German singer-songwriter and actress.	Ayọ	14 September 1980
date of birth	Alix Pearlstein (born 1962) is an American visual artist, who is particularly well known for her work in video art and performance art. Pearlstein is currently on the faculty of the School of Visual Arts in New York City, New York.	Alix Pearlstein	1962
date of birth	Dominicus Custos (1560--1612) was a Flemish artist, printer and copperplate engraver, who worked in the service of Emperor Rudolph II in Prague.	Dominicus Custos	1560
date of birth	Dr. Ong Kian Ming (Chinese: 王建民; pinyin: Wáng Jiàn Mín; born 12 September 1975), is a Malaysian Chinese politician from the Democratic Action Party (DAP).	Ong Kian Ming	12 September 1975
date of birth	Konrad Raiser (born 25 January 1938) is a former General Secretary of the World Council of Churches (WCC).	Konrad Raiser	25 January 1938
date of birth	David Sigachev (Russian: Дави́д Сигачёв; IPA: (dɐˈvʲɪt sʲɪgəˈtɕɵf), born 6 January 1989 in Moscow) is a Russian race car driver.	David Sigachev	6 January 1989
date of birth	Antonio Beduschi (born 1576- alive 1607) was an Italian painter active in the early-Baroque period, mainly in his hometown of Cremona.	Antonio Beduschi	1576
date of birth	Wade Fenton (born 31 July 1971), was a rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s.	Wade Fenton	31 July 1971
date of birth	Vladimir Boyarsky (Russian: Влади́мир Ильи́ч Боя́рский, 10 December 1901, Berdetskoye, Kiev Governorate, Russian Empire -- 7 May 1945, Příbram, Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia) was a Soviet Red Army officer who became a collaborator with Nazi Germany during World War II, serving in Andrey Vlasov's Russian Liberation Army.	Vladimir Boyarsky	1901
date of birth	Janice Hart (born 1955) was an unsuccessful candidate for the office of Illinois Secretary of State in 1986.	Janice Hart	1955
date of birth	Lierre Keith (/liˈɛər/; born 1964) is an American writer, radical feminist, food activist, and radical environmentalist.	Lierre Keith	1964
date of birth	Hamza Chatholi (born 1 November 1981) is an Indian athlete who competes in the 1500 metres event.	Hamza Chatholi	1 November 1981
date of birth	Tommy Godfrey (20 June 1916 -- 24 June 1984) was an English film and television actor, mostly playing working class Cockney characters.	Tommy Godfrey	20 June 1916
date of birth	Jan Karol Opaliński (1642 -- 26 March 1695) was a Polish starost and kasztelan of Poznań.	Jan Karol Opaliński	1642
date of birth	Sir John Norwich, 1st Baronet (19 September 1613 -- 9 October 1661) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at times between 1654 and 1660.	Sir John Norwich, 1st Baronet	19 September 1613
date of birth	Suneeta Peres Da Costa (born 1976) is an award-winning Australian author and playwright.	Suneeta Peres Da Costa	1976
date of birth	Dioh Williams (born 8 October 1984) is a Liberian football striker, who is currently playing in the Swedish premier division Allsvenskan for Gefle IF.	Dioh Williams	8 October 1984
date of birth	Anna Klemens (1718--1800) was a Danish murder victim and an alleged witch.	Anna Klemens	1718
date of birth	Max Bedacht Sr. (1883--1972) was a German-born American revolutionary socialist political activist, journalist, and functionary who helped establish the Communist Party of America.	Max Bedacht	1883
date of birth	Qian Nengxun (1869 -- June 5, 1924) was a Chinese politician from 1918 until his death in 1929.	Qian Nengxun	1869
date of birth	Francisco Nocete (born in 1961) is a Neo-Marxist Spanish archaeologist, chair of prehistory at the University of Huelva.	Francisco Nocete	1961
date of birth	Alabi (1783--1820) was a leader of the Saramaccans, a Maroon people in Suriname.	Alabi	1783
date of birth	Zhang Fengyi (born 1 September 1956) is a Chinese actor best known for his role as ``Duan Xiaolou'' in Farewell My Concubine (1993), Jing Ke in The Emperor and the Assassin (1998), and Cao Cao in Red Cliff (2008-2009).	Zhang Fengyi	1 September 1956
date of birth	Li Chengyu (Chinese: 李成玉; pinyin: Lǐ Chéngyù) (born August 1946) is a Chinese politician.	Li Chengyu	1946
date of birth	Paulien van Deutekom (born 4 February 1981) is a Dutch former speed skater who specialised in the middle long distances, over 1000 and 1500 metres.	Paulien van Deutekom	4 February 1981
date of birth	Billy C. Sanders (born 21 July 1936) was the fifth Master Chief Petty Officer of the Navy.	Billy C. Sanders	21 July 1936
date of birth	Henk Groot (born 22 April 1938) is a retired Dutch footballer who was active as a striker and attacking midifielder.	Henk Groot	22 April 1938
date of birth	David Lee Freedman (born 12 August 1956) is an Australian racehorse trainer.	Lee Freedman	12 August 1956
date of birth	Mary Fairchild MacMonnies Low (1858--1946) was an American painter who specialized in landscapes, genre paintings, and portraits.	Mary Fairchild MacMonnies Low	1858
date of birth	Nello Carrara (19 February 1900 -- 5 June 1993) was an Italian physicist and founder of the Electromagnetic Wave Research Institute.	Nello Carrara	19 February 1900
date of birth	Ljubiša Samardžić (Serbian Cyrillic: Љубиша Самарџић, born 19 November 1936) is a Serbian actor and director, who is best known as Šurda in the Vruć vetar TV series.	Ljubiša Samardžić	19 November 1936
date of birth	Georg Wilhelm Schöning (8 June 1908 -- 2 November 1987) served as commander of the 66th Panzergrenadier Regiment of the 13th Panzer Division during the Siege of Budapest.	Wilhelm Schöning	8 June 1908
date of birth	Jacques-André Istel (born 1929 in Paris, France) is a French-American recreational parachutist and investment banker and later in life, historian, widely responsible for popularizing parachuting in the United States.	Jacques-André Istel	1929
date of birth	Hope Black (née MacPherson, born 1919) is an Australian scientist, a marine biologist and malacologist.	Hope Black	1919
date of birth	Prakash Narain Tandon (born 13 August 1928) is a distinguished Indian neuroscientist and neurosurgeon.	Prakash Narain Tandon	13 August 1928
date of birth	Teodoro Paleologo di Montferrato (1425--1484) (called the Cardinal of Montferrato) was a Roman Catholic cardinal and bishop.	Teodoro Paleologo di Montferrato	1425
date of birth	Sir Robert Dalrymple Ross (1827--1887) was an army officer, politician and businessman.	Robert Dalrymple Ross	1827
date of birth	George Lyttelton, 1st Baron Lyttelton PC (17 January 1709 -- 22 August 1773), known as Sir George Lyttelton, Bt between 1751 and 1756, was a British statesman and patron of the arts from the Lyttelton family.	George Lyttelton, 1st Baron Lyttelton	17 January 1709
date of birth	Eugene Izotov (born 1973) is a Russian-born oboist and recording artist.	Eugene Izotov	1973
date of birth	Ciarán McMenamin (born 1 October 1975) is a Northern Irish actor, resident in London.	Ciarán McMenamin	1 October 1975
date of birth	Jan Valckenburgh (1623 -- 8 July 1667) was a civil servant of the Dutch West India Company.	Jan Valckenburgh	1623
date of birth	Matt Haley (born 10 June 1970 in Houston, Texas) is an American film director, art director and book illustrator artist.	Matt Haley	10 June 1970
date of birth	Alfred Byrd Graf (December 1901 -- December 14, 2001) was a German-American botanist who traveled the world in search of obscure plant species, discovering more than 100 previously undocumented varieties.	Alfred Byrd Graf	December 1901
date of birth	Shen Rong (Chinese: 谌容; pinyin: Chén Róng) (born 1936) is a Chinese writer.	Shen Rong	1936
date of birth	Ralph Heller Beittel, the eldest of ten children of Benjamin David Beittel and Lavina Heller Ebersole, was born in Columbia, Pennsylvania on November 5, 1884.	Ralph Heller Beittel	1884
date of birth	Theodore Rothstein (Russian: Фёдор Аронович Ротштейн, Fyodor Aronovich Rotshteyn; 14 February 1871 -- 30 August 1953) was a journalist, writer and communist.	Theodore Rothstein	14 February 1871
date of birth	Jeff McDonald (born 1963, in Hawthorne, California) is a rock and roll singer and guitarist who co-founded the alternative rock, power pop band Redd Kross with his younger brother Steven Shane McDonald and remains in the band.	Jeff McDonald	1963
date of birth	Sandro Miller (1958) is an American photographer (working professionally as ``Sandro'') known for his expressive images, and his close work with John Malkovich and the other ensemble members of Chicago's Steppenwolf Theatre Company.	Sandro Miller	1958
date of birth	Walter Hilton (b. 1340--45, d. 24 March 1396) was an English Augustinian mystic.	Walter Hilton	1340
date of birth	Fabrizio Donato (born 14 August 1976) is an Italian athlete competing in the triple jump and occasionally in the long jump.	Fabrizio Donato	14 August 1976
date of birth	Vinny Whelan (born 22 June 1989) is an Irish Gaelic footballer from Dublin.	Vinny Whelan	22 June 1989
date of birth	David Hoflin (/ˈdɑːvᵻd/; born 25 February 1979) is a Swedish-born Australian actor.	David Hoflin	25 February 1979
date of birth	Wu Zhenglong (Chinese: 吴政隆; born November 1964) is a Chinese politician who has served since 2014 as the Communist Party Secretary of Taiyuan, the capital of Shanxi province.	Wu Zhenglong	November 1964
date of birth	Rohinton Fali Nariman (Hindi: रोहिंटन नरीमन) (born 13 August 1956) is a judge of the Supreme Court of India.	Rohinton Fali Nariman	13 August 1956
date of birth	Valentin J. Peter (1875--1960) was a Bavarian-born publisher of a German language newspaper called the Omaha Tribüne and the president of the Nebraska chapter of the National German-American Alliance.	Valentin J. Peter	1875
date of birth	Dr. Jozef Vengloš (born 18 February 1936) is a former Slovak football player and coach.	Jozef Vengloš	18 February 1936
date of birth	Pavlo Khrystiuk (Ukrainian: Павло Оникійович Христюк Pavlo Onykiyovych Khrystiuk) (1880 -- September 19, 1941) was a Ukrainian cooperator, historian, journalist, political activist, and statesman.	Pavlo Khrystiuk	1880
date of birth	Trần Quang Vinh (Ho Chi Minh City, 18 May 1982), also known by his stage name Quang Vinh, is a Vietnamese-American pop singer.	Quang Vinh	18 May 1982
date of birth	Cathy Lesurf, born 1953, is a British folk music singer-songwriter who was brought up in Stevenage, Hertfordshire.	Cathy Lesurf	1953
date of birth	Ian Inaba (b. 1971) is an American film and music video director, producer, and journalist for the Guerrilla News Network.	Ian Inaba	1971
date of birth	Rita Pavone (Italian pronunciation: (ˈriːta paˈvoːne); born 23 August 1945) is an Italian ballad and rock singer who enjoyed success through the 1960s.	Rita Pavone	23 August 1945
date of birth	Tamsin Hinchley (née Barnett, born 10 March 1980) is an Australian volleyball player.	Tamsin Hinchley	10 March 1980
date of birth	Billy G. Mills (born 1929) is a retired Los Angeles Superior Court judge and a former Los Angeles City Council member, serving from 1963 to 1974.	Billy G. Mills	1929
date of birth	Luc Hoebeke (born 27 December 1941) is a Belgian consultant, author and lecturer in the field of self-organization, innovation processes and human activity systems, known for his seminal book Making Work Systems Better:	Luc Hoebeke	27 December 1941
date of birth	Mihalj Mesaroš (Serbian Cyrillic: Михаљ Месарош, Hungarian: Mészáros Mihály; born in 1935) is a Yugoslav/Serbian footballer.	Mihalj Mesaroš	1935
date of birth	John-Edward Kelly (October 7, 1958 -- February 12, 2015) was an American conductor and saxophonist.	John-Edward Kelly	1958
date of birth	Zoubida Laayouni (born 5 February 1956) is a retired Moroccan athlete who specialised in the discus throw.	Zoubida Laayouni	5 February 1956
date of birth	Sheikha Manal bint Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum (Arabic منال بنت محمد بن راشد آل مكتوم ) (born 12 November 1977), is a United Arab Emirati politician and member of ruling family of Dubai.	Manal bint Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum	12 November 1977
date of birth	N. Thiagarajan (1933--2008) was an Indian photojournalist and photographer who described himself as ``a pictorial photojournalist.''	N. Thiagarajan	1933
date of birth	Stephen Rodefer (November 20, 1940 -- August 22, 2015) was an American poet and painter who lived in Paris and London.	Stephen Rodefer	1940
date of birth	Sonia Vinci (born 1971) is a former journalist and co-anchor of Nine News in Perth.	Sonia Vinci	1971
date of birth	Anna Maria Walker (née Patton) (c. 1778--1852) and her husband Colonel George Warren Walker (1778--1843) were Scottish botanists in Ceylon (now Sri Lanka) who made extensive collections of plants between 1830 and 1838.	Anna Maria Walker	1778
date of birth	John Filby Childs (1783--1853) was an English printer, known as a political radical, a successful lobbyist against the monopoly on printing the Bible, and a congregationalist active against church rates.	John Filby Childs	1783
date of birth	Branko Pauljević (Serbian Cyrillic: Бранко Пауљевић; born 12 June 1989) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a right-back for Puskás.	Branko Pauljević	12 June 1989
date of birth	Sir Charles Antony Richard Hoare FRS FREng (born 11 January 1934), commonly known as Tony Hoare or C. A. R. Hoare, is a British computer scientist.	Tony Hoare	11 January 1934
date of birth	Major Henry Somerset, 7th Duke of Beaufort KG (5 February 1792 -- 17 November 1853), styled Earl of Glamorgan until 1803 and Marquess of Worcester between 1803 and 1835, was a British peer, soldier and politician.	Henry Somerset, 7th Duke of Beaufort	5 February 1792
date of birth	Svend-Allan Sørensen (born 1975) is a conceptual artist from Kjellerup, Denmark.	Svend-Allan Sørensen	1975
date of birth	William Haydn Flood (1830 -- 17 July 1908) was an English organist and composer, who moved to New Zealand.	William Haydn Flood	1830
date of birth	Win Labuda (born Winfried Gerhard Labudda, 26 June 1938, Danzig) is a German researcher, photographer and entrepreneur.	Win Labuda	26 June 1938
date of birth	Stuart McLaren (born 28 August 1975) is a Scottish/Australian football player and coach.	Stuart McLaren	28 August 1975
date of birth	Alberto Aquilani (Italian pronunciation: (alˈbɛrto akwiˈlaːni); born 7 July 1984) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Sporting CP and the Italian national team.	Alberto Aquilani	7 July 1984
date of birth	Zhou Laiqiang (Chinese: 周来强; born 1949) is a retired lieutenant general (zhong jiang) of the People's Liberation Army Air Force (PLAAF) of China.	Zhou Laiqiang	1949
date of birth	Colonel Edward James Saunderson PC, JP, DL (1 October 1837 -- 21 October 1906) was an Anglo-Irish landowner and prominent Irish unionist politician.	Edward James Saunderson	1 October 1837
date of birth	Salvator Fabris (1544-1618) was an Italian fencing master from Padua.	Salvator Fabris	1544
date of birth	Lee Cartwright (b. 19 September 1972 ) is a retired footballer who made over 400 league appearances for Preston North End.	Lee Cartwright	19 September 1972
date of birth	Benno Schmitz (born 17 November 1994) is a German professional footballer who currently plays as a right full-back for Austrian side Red Bull Salzburg.	Benno Schmitz	17 November 1994
date of birth	Matthew Shlomowitz (born 7 February 1975) is a composer of contemporary classical music and Associate Professor in Composition at the University of Southampton.	Matthew Shlomowitz	7 February 1975
date of birth	Aurembiaix (or Aurembiax) (1196--1231) was the Countess of Urgell from 1208, the last of her dynasty.	Aurembiaix	1196
date of birth	Phillip Bradley (born 18 May 1955) is an Australian military historian who has written five books as well as numerous articles for Wartime and After the Battle magazine.	Phillip Bradley	18 May 1955
date of birth	Louis-Casimir Escoffier, known primarily by the pseudonym Casimir Ney or L. Casimir-Ney, (1801 -- 3 February 1877 in Arras) was a French composer and one of the foremost violists of the 19th century.	Casimir Ney	1801
date of birth	Jay Rubenstein (born 1967) is an American historian of the Middle Ages.	Jay Rubenstein	1967
date of birth	Sharanya Haridas (Born 2 November 1990) is an Indian poet and entrepreneur, best known as the Founder, C.E.O. and Editor-in-Chief of That's So Gloss, India's first web magazine and online community exclusively for teenage girls and young women.	Sharanya Haridas	2 November 1990
date of birth	George Hucks (born 18 January 1968) is an Australian wheelchair rugby player.	George Hucks	18 January 1968
date of birth	Jocelyn Jee Esien (born 2 March 1979 in Hackney, London) is an English comedian, actress and writer of Nigerian origin, perhaps best known for her part in the hidden-camera show 3 Non-Blondes, and her own comedy sketch show, Little Miss Jocelyn.	Jocelyn Jee Esien	2 March 1979
date of birth	Hasan Kleib, (born 1 October 1960 in Cirebon, West Java) is an Indonesian diplomat and the current Director General of Multilateral Affairs of Indonesia.	Hasan Kleib	1 October 1960
date of birth	Dr. Lawrence A. May (born 1948) is an American physician, author and public speaker.	Lawrence A. May	1948
date of birth	George Avery Young (June, 1866-21 January 1900) was an English-born sportsman who played international rugby union for Wales and cricket for Glamorgan.	George Avery Young	1866
date of birth	Sarah Emily Miano, b. 1974, is an American author.	Sarah Emily Miano	1974
date of birth	Marco Martino (born 21 February 1960) is an Italian former discus thrower.	Marco Martino	21 February 1960
date of birth	Suzanna von Nathusius (born 12 April 2000) is a Polish child television actor.	Suzanna von Nathusius	12 April 2000
date of birth	Chris Pozniak (born 10 January 1981) is a retired Canadian soccer player.	Chris Pozniak	10 January 1981
date of birth	Mark McLennan (born 28 April 1991) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a right back for Pollok in the Scottish Junior Football Association, West Region.	Mark McLennan	28 April 1991
date of birth	Murray Fishlock (born 23 September 1973) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League as a left back for Hereford United.	Murray Fishlock	23 September 1973
date of birth	William Darton, Sr. (1755--1819) was a children's book publisher at Gracechurch Street.	William Darton	1755
date of birth	Andrew Fung Wai-kwong (Chinese: 馮煒光, born 27 June 1961) is the current Information Coordinator for the Office of the Chief Executive of Hong Kong.	Andrew Fung	27 June 1961
date of birth	Shira Geffen (Hebrew: שירה גפן‎; born April 23, 1971) is an Israeli actress, screenwriter and film director.	Shira Geffen	1971
date of birth	Stanley Allen Bastian (born 1958) is a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Washington.	Stanley Allen Bastian	1958
date of birth	Thomas Bellerby Wilson (1807, Philadelphia -1865) was an American naturalist.	Thomas Bellerby Wilson	1807
date of birth	Prince Arron (born 27 December 1987) is an English professional boxer fighting in the light middleweight division.	Prince Arron	27 December 1987
date of birth	Gregor von Feinaigle (1760--1819), was a German mnemonist and Roman Catholic monk.	Gregor von Feinaigle	1760
date of birth	Ricardo Castro (1935 - November 14, 2003), better known as Carding Castro, was a Filipino actor, comedian and entertainer.	Carding Castro	1935
date of birth	Lucky Vatnani (23 December 1985) is an Indian former professional snooker player.	Lucky Vatnani	23 December 1985
date of birth	Samson Morpurgo ben Joshua Moses (1681 -- April 12, 1740) was a Bosnian-Italian rabbi, physician, and liturgist.	Samson Morpurgo	1681
date of birth	Hilary Tann (born 1947) is a Welsh composer now based in the United States.	Hilary Tann	1947
date of birth	Ove Røsbak (born 5 August 1959) is a Norwegian poet, novelist, children's writer and biographer.	Ove Røsbak	1959
date of birth	Mark Peter Wright (born 1979) is a British sound artist who works with field recording and phonography.	Mark Peter Wright	1979
date of birth	Glen Orbik (1963 -- May 11, 2015) was an American illustrator known for his fully painted paperback and comic covers, often executed in a noir style.	Glen Orbik	1963
date of birth	Mélodie Chataigner (born 28 March 1988) is a French former pair skater.	Mélodie Chataigner	28 March 1988
date of birth	Nhlanhla Vilakazi (born 25 February 1987) is a South African professional footballer, who currently plays as either a left midfielder or left back for Premier Soccer League club Ajax Cape Town.	Nhlanhla Vilakazi	25 February 1987
date of birth	Sonia Bompastor (born 8 June 1980) is a retired French football player who played for French club Lyon of the Division 1 Féminine.	Sonia Bompastor	8 June 1980
date of birth	Rakep Patel (Gujarati: રાકેપ પટેલ) (born 12 July 1989) is a Kenyan international cricketer.	Rakep Patel	12 July 1989
date of birth	Joseph-Alphonse Teste, J.-Alphonse Teste or Alphonse Teste (France, 1814-1888) was a homeopath, mesmerizer and doctor in France.	Alphonse Teste	1814
date of birth	Per Gade (born 24 August 1977) is a former Danish football player, who played as a defender.	Per Gade	24 August 1977
date of birth	Rob Vickerman (born 25 September 1985) is a rugby union player who currently plays for the England Sevens team.	Rob Vickerman	25 September 1985
date of birth	Eleanor de Braose (c. 1228--1251) was a Cambro-Norman noblewoman and a wealthy co-heiress of her father, who was the powerful Marcher lord William de Braose, and of her mother, Eva Marshal, a co-heiress of the Earls of Pembroke.	Eleanor de Braose	1228
date of birth	Ola Abidogun (born 3 August 1993) is a British athlete who competes in T46 sprinting events.	Ola Abidogun	3 August 1993
date of birth	Andrew Grainger (born 1965), is a 6'2`` (188 cm) tall English theatre and film actor, particularly noted for playing stage and screen characters of large physicality.	Andrew Grainger	1965
date of birth	Sir Herbert Atkinson Barker (21 April 1869 -- 21 July 1950) was an English manipulative surgeon.	Herbert Atkinson Barker	21 April 1869
date of birth	Roberto Pruzzo (Italian pronunciation: (roˈbɛrto ˈpruttso); born 1 April 1955) is an Italian former football striker, now a coach.	Roberto Pruzzo	1 April 1955
date of birth	Anne Meson (born 12 May 1975) is a French show host and singer.	Anne Meson	12 May 1975
date of birth	Eliyahu Ben Haim (born August 4, 1940) is a Sephardi rabbi, Talmudic scholar, and Orthodox halachist.	Eliyahu Ben Haim	1940
date of birth	Axel Brusewitz (9 June 1881 -- 27 September 1950) was a Swedish professor in political science, well known for his belief in democracy and his opposition towards the traditional anti-democratic conservatism of Swedish royal court and bureaucracy.	Axel Brusewitz	9 June 1881
date of birth	John Pendarves (1622--1656) was an English Puritan controversialist.	John Pendarves	1622
date of birth	Sanigaram Santosh Reddy (born 12 November 1942), more commonly known as Santanna, Santosh Reddy, Mrudhu Swabhavi, Pedala Pennidhi by his followers, is an Indian politician, statesman and former minister of Telangana state.	Sanigaram Santosh Reddy	12 November 1942
date of birth	Jean Aubert the Elder (ca. 1680 -- 13 October 1741) was a French architect, ``responsible for many fine interiors but not a leader of the first rank.''	Jean Aubert the Elder	1680
date of birth	Szabó Gábor István (8 March 1936 -- 26 February 1982), better known as Gábor Szabó, was an influential jazz guitarist, famous for mixing jazz, pop-rock and his native Hungarian music.	Gábor Szabó	8 March 1936
date of birth	Giuliano Crognale (Castel Frentano, province of Chieti, Abruzzo, 10 July 1770 - 20 July 1862) was an Italian poet and painter, active in illuminated manuscripts and oil painting of sacred and historical subjects.	Giuliano Crognale	10 July 1770
date of birth	Kalle Palling (born 27 February 1985 in Käru) is an Estonian politician, representing the Reform Party.	Kalle Palling	27 February 1985
date of birth	Udo Poser (born 21 August 1947) is a German former swimmer.	Udo Poser	21 August 1947
date of birth	Charles Fitzgeoffrey (1576--1638) was an Elizabethan poet and clergyman.	Charles Fitzgeoffrey	1576
date of birth	Cristian Del Real is a professional musician, born in 1989 in Cartagena, Colombia.	Cristian Del Real	1989
date of birth	Gustavo Adrián Ramos Vásquez (Spanish pronunciation: (aˈðɾjan ˈramos); born 22 January 1986), commonly known as Adrián Ramos, is a Colombian footballer who plays as a striker for Bundesliga club Borussia Dortmund.	Adrián Ramos	22 January 1986
date of birth	Motiur Rahman Mollik (Bengali: মতিউর রহমান মল্লিক; 1 March 1950 -- 2010) was a poet lyricist, compositor, writer, organizer, researcher, editor, singer and a cultural leader.	Motiur Rahman Mollik	1 March 1950
date of birth	Bernard Julia (born 1952 in Paris) is a French theoretical physicist who has made contributions to the theory of supergravity.	Bernard Julia	1952
date of birth	Liang Yimin (Chinese: 梁毅民; pinyin: Liáng Yìmín; born August 1964) is a Chinese politician from Guangdong province.	Liang Yimin	August 1964
date of birth	Joseph Rykwert CBE (born 1926) is Paul Philippe Cret Professor Emeritus of Architecture at the University of Pennsylvania, and one of the foremost architectural historians and critics of his generation.	Joseph Rykwert	1926
date of birth	Espen Stueland (born 30 May 1970) is a Norwegian poet, novelist, literary critic and essayist.	Espen Stueland	1970
date of birth	Peter Kovačič Peršin (born 1945) is a Slovene writer and theologian.	Peter Kovačič Peršin	1945
date of birth	Tim Darcy (born 15 January 1964) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the VFL/AFL.	Tim Darcy	15 January 1964
date of birth	Jorge Pereira da Silva (born 4 December 1985) or better known as Jorginho is a Brazilian football player who currently plays as a striker for Hibernians F.C. of the Maltese Premier League.	Jorge Pereira da Silva	4 December 1985
date of birth	Thomas Anders (born Bernd Weidung, 1 March 1963) is a German singer, composer, and record producer.	Thomas Anders	1 March 1963
date of birth	Ola Balogun (born 1 August 1945) is a Nigerian filmmaker and scriptwriter.	Ola Balogun	1 August 1945
date of birth	Mette Ove-Petersen (born 15 January 1934) is a retired Danish swimmer who won a silver medal at the 1950 European Aquatics Championships in the 4×100 m freestyle relay.	Mette Ove-Petersen	15 January 1934
date of birth	Dorcas Denhartog (born 1965) is a retired American cross country skier who competed in the late 1980s.	Dorcas Denhartog	1965
date of birth	Rikesh Chauhan (born 5 June 1990), better known by his stage name RKZ, is a British recording artist, writer, photographer, creative and ambassador for Campaign Against Living Miserably.	Rikesh Chauhan	5 June 1990
date of birth	William Alvin Howard (born 1926) is a proof theorist best known for his work demonstrating formal similarity between intuitionistic logic and the simply typed lambda calculus that has come to be known as the Curry--	William Alvin Howard	1926
date of birth	Alvin Yeo Khirn Hai (simplified Chinese: 杨康海; traditional Chinese: 楊康海; pinyin: Yáng Kānghǎi; born 28 March 1962), is a lawyer and former Singaporean politician.	Alvin Yeo	28 March 1962
date of birth	Ryan Casey (born 3 January 1979) is a retired Irish footballer and he played as left back.	Ryan Casey	3 January 1979
date of birth	Mustafa Bello (born 31 January 1954) was appointed Nigerian Minister of Commerce in the first cabinet of President Olusegun Obasanjo, holding office between June 1999 and 2002.	Mustafa Bello	31 January 1954
date of birth	Cornelis Niels van den Berge (born 28 December 1984 in Bad Honnef) is a Dutch former politician.	Niels van den Berge	28 December 1984
date of birth	Marcis Dzelzainis, born in 1982, is a bartender who works at the Quo Vadis, a restaurant in London, England.	Marcis Dzelzainis	1982
date of birth	Roei Shukrani (Hebrew: רועי שוקרני born 26 June 1990) is an Israeli footballer currently playing for Hapoel Ironi Kiryat Shmona.	Roei Shukrani	26 June 1990
date of birth	Paul Lewis Anderson (1880--1956) was an American photographer and author who wrote young adult historical fiction focussing on ancient Rome.	Paul Lewis Anderson	1880
date of birth	Jeff Dayton (1953) is an American musician, singer, producer and songwriter most known as being the bandleader of the Jeff Dayton Band from 1984-2000.	Jeff Dayton	1953
date of birth	Michael Feast (born 25 November 1946) is an English actor of stage and screen.	Michael Feast	25 November 1946
date of birth	Anja Konstantinova (Russian: Аня Kонстантинова; born 24 July 1990) is a Russian-Australian model who has broken the mold of model stereotypes due to her short height.	Anja Konstantinova	24 July 1990
date of birth	Bernard of Trilia (Bernard de la Treille, Bernardus de Trilia) (Nîmes, c. 1240 -- 1292) was a French Dominican theologian and scholastic philosopher.	Bernard of Trilia	1240
date of birth	Thomas Begley (10 November 1970 -- 23 October 1993), was a volunteer in the Belfast Brigade of the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA).	Thomas Begley	10 November 1970
date of birth	Ilan Shalgi (Hebrew: אילן שלגי‎, born 13 July 1945) is an Israeli lawyer, politician and a former member of the Knesset.	Ilan Shalgi	13 July 1945
date of birth	Don Anthony MBE (6 November 1928 -- 28 May 2012) was a British hammer thrower.	Don Anthony	6 November 1928
date of birth	Lee Weiss (born 1928 in Inglewood, California), is an American painter.	Lee Weiss	1928
date of birth	Michael Hardt (born 1960) is an American literary theorist and political philosopher.	Michael Hardt	1960
date of birth	Rev. Martin Coen, Irish priest and historian (6 October 1933 -- 2 December 1997).	Martin Coen	6 October 1933
date of birth	Norbert Nachtweih (born 4 June 1957) is a retired German professional footballer who played as a midfielder.	Norbert Nachtweih	4 June 1957
date of birth	Declan Browne (born 16 June 1978) is an Irish Gaelic football player who played at inter-county level for Tipperary for 11 years.	Declan Browne	16 June 1978
date of birth	Richard Risby, O.F.M., (1489 - 20 April 1534) was an English Catholic Franciscan friar who was executed for treason during the reign of King Henry VIII.	Richard Risby	1489
date of birth	Marian Kozicki (born 5 April 1941, in Brody near Poznań) is a Polish show jumping champion, who won an Olympic silver medal in 1980.	Marian Kozicki	5 April 1941
date of birth	Maude Meagher (8 April 1895 -- 1977) was a novelist, author of Fantastic Traveller, the tale of a young man living in a world of his dreams.	Maude Meagher	8 April 1895
date of birth	Stuart Parnaby (born 19 July 1982) is a retired English professional footballer who played as a right back.	Stuart Parnaby	19 July 1982
date of birth	Balaji Baji Rao (8 December 1720 -- 23 June 1761), also known as Nana Saheb, was a Peshwa (prime minister) of the Maratha Empire in India.	Balaji Baji Rao	8 December 1720
date of birth	Carole Caplin (born 8 January 1962) was the style adviser to Cherie Blair and a fitness adviser to Tony Blair, when he was the British Prime Minister.	Carole Caplin	8 January 1962
date of birth	Gordon Henry(born 1955) is a poet and fiction writer.	Gordon Henry	1955
date of birth	Nicola Pecorini (born 10 August 1957) is an Italian-born cinematographer.	Nicola Pecorini	10 August 1957
date of birth	Naomi K. Lewis (born 1976) is a Canadian fiction and nonfiction writer who resides in Calgary.	Naomi K. Lewis	1976
date of birth	Henry David Inglis, pseudonym Derwent Conway (1795--1835) was a Scottish travel writer and journalist.	Henry David Inglis	1795
date of birth	Tore Olaf Rimmereid (born 1962) is a Norwegian businessperson.	Tore Olaf Rimmereid	1962
date of birth	Tim Davidson (born 3 November 1982, in Young, Australia) is a rugby union footballer.	Tim Davidson	3 November 1982
date of birth	Wanda Ventham (born 5 August 1935) is an English actress, known primarily for her role as Colonel Virginia Lake in the 1970s science-fiction television series UFO, and for her recurring role as Cassandra Trotter's mother Pamela Parry in the sitcom Only Fools and Horses from 1989--92.	Wanda Ventham	5 August 1935
date of birth	Danijel Pranjić (pronounced (dǎnijel prǎːɲit͡ɕ); born 2 December 1981) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays for Greek club Panathinaikos.	Danijel Pranjić	2 December 1981
date of birth	Raymond Corbett Shannon (4 October 1894 -- 7 March 1945) was an American entomologist who specialised in Diptera and medical entomology.	Raymond Corbett Shannon	4 October 1894
date of birth	Elizabeth Cunningham (born 1953) is a feminist visionary novelist and author of The Maeve Chronicles, which includes the books The Passion of Mary Magdalen, Magdalen Rising (a prequel), Bright Dark Madonna, and Red-Robed Priestess.	Elizabeth Cunningham	1953
date of birth	Sir David Lyndsay of the Mount (c. 1490 -- c. 1555), (alias Lindsay), was a Scottish herald who gained the highest heraldic office of Lyon King of Arms.	David Lyndsay	1490
date of birth	Daouda Bassock (born 13 March 1995) is a Cameroonian professional footballer who currently plays as a winger for French side Chamois Niortais.	Daouda Bassock	13 March 1995
date of birth	Tobias Stranover or Toby Stranovius (1684 -- 1756) was a Romanian Transylvanian-born painter (1684 - after 1731).	Tobias Stranover	1684
date of birth	Ivan Fijolić (born 1976, in Zagreb, Croatia) is a contemporary Croatian artist working primarily in the medium of sculpture.	Ivan Fijolić	1976
date of birth	Michalis Boukouvalas (Greek: Μιχάλης Μπουκουβάλας; born 14 January 1988) is a football player currently playing for Iraklis.	Michalis Boukouvalas	14 January 1988
date of birth	Mirco Baldacci (born 19 September 1977) is a rally driver from San Marino, who scored two World Rally Championship points by finishing seventh on the 2006 Rally Australia.	Mirco Baldacci	19 September 1977
date of birth	Glen Alyn (1913--1984) was an Australian actress who appeared in a number of British films during the 1930s.	Glen Alyn	1913
date of birth	Tatapuram Sukumaran (22 October 1923 -- 26 October 1988) was a Malayalam writer, born in Kaloor, Kochi, Kerala, India.	Tatapuram Sukumaran	22 October 1923
date of birth	Rogers Birnie (1851--1939) was an American army officer and explorer of Death Valley.	Rogers Birnie	1851
date of birth	Ximena Cuevas (born 1963) is a Mexican video performance artist.	Ximena Cuevas	1963
date of birth	Sonia King (born 1953) is a mosaic artist, author and educator with studios in Dallas, Texas and San Francisco, California.	Sonia King	1953
date of birth	Manuel Gálvez (18 July 1882 -- 14 November 1962) was an Argentine novelist, poet, essayist, historian and biographer.	Manuel Gálvez	18 July 1882
date of birth	Guilherme Afonso (born 15 November 1985) is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for Primeiro de Agosto.	Guilherme Afonso	15 November 1985
date of birth	Anna Galiena (born 22 December 1954) is an Italian actress, best known to English-speaking audiences for her appearances in Le Mari de la coiffeuse, Jamón, jamón and Being Human.	Anna Galiena	22 December 1954
date of birth	Nehemia Gordon (1972 --) is a Karaite Jew.	Nehemia Gordon	1972
date of birth	Rosa Campbell Praed (27 March 1851 -- 10 April 1935), often credited as Mrs. Campbell Praed (and also known as Rosa Caroline Praed), was an Australian novelist in the 19th and early 20th centuries.	Rosa Campbell Praed	27 March 1851
date of birth	Jan Koller (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjan ˈkolɛr); born 30 March 1973) is a former Czech footballer who played as a striker.	Jan Koller	30 March 1973
date of birth	Barbara Milano Keenan (born 1950) is a judge on United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit and a former justice on the Supreme Court of Virginia.	Barbara Milano Keenan	1950
date of birth	Maryam Tousi (Persian: مریم طوسی‎‎, born 5 December 1988 in Tehran) is an Iranian sprint athlete who specializes in the 100 metres and 200 metres.	Maryam Tousi	5 December 1988
date of birth	Wafae Charaf (Arabic: وفاء شرف, born 1988) is a Moroccan human rights activist.	Wafae Charaf	1988
date of birth	Geir Hansteen Jörgensen (born 18 February 1968) is a Swedish television, film and commercials director.	Geir Hansteen Jörgensen	18 February 1968
date of birth	Richard Bingham Sheridan (1 August 1822 -- 8 June 1897), was a Queensland public servant, liberal-oriented Member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland and government minister (minister without portfolio 1883-85 and later Post Master General in 1885).	Richard Bingham Sheridan	1 August 1822
date of birth	Liberty Bartlett (born 1810) was a circuit judge in Arkansas.	Liberty Bartlett	1810
date of birth	Although his date of birth is unknown, it is known that Thomas Sheasby was christened on 28 October 1740 in Tamworth, Staffordshire.	Thomas Sheasby	1740
date of birth	Rolf Gehlhaar (born 30 December 1943) in Breslau (now Wrocław, Poland), is an American composer, Professor in Experimental Music at Coventry University and researcher in assistive technology for music.	Rolf Gehlhaar	30 December 1943
date of birth	Friedrich Schedl (born 1903, date of death unknown) was an Austrian sprinter.	Friedrich Schedl	1903
date of birth	Kim Sei-young (born 21 January 1993), also known as Sei Young Kim, is a South Korean professional golfer.	Kim Sei-young	21 January 1993
date of birth	Habib Mazini (born 1954) is a Moroccan academic and writer.	Habib Mazini	1954
date of birth	Zehava Gal-On (Hebrew: זֶהָבָה גַּלְאוֹן; born 4 January 1956) is an Israeli politician.	Zehava Gal-On	4 January 1956
date of birth	Samuel Sindamuka (Gitara, Province of Bururi, 1928 - December 18, 2005) was the first Primate of the Anglican Church of Burundi, then called the Episcopal Church of Burundi, entitled in French Église Episcopale du Burundi.	Samuel Sindamuka	1928
date of birth	Sarah Lihan (born on 15 August 1988) is an American sports sailor.	Sarah Lihan	15 August 1988
date of birth	Maurice Bunau-Varilla (1856 -- 1 August 1944) was a French press magnate, and proprietor of the newspaper Le Matin.	Maurice Bunau-Varilla	1856
date of birth	Jane Crafter (born 14 December 1955) is an Australian-American professional golfer and golf broadcaster for ESPN who played on the LPGA Tour.	Jane Crafter	14 December 1955
date of birth	Patricio Ballagas Palacio (Camagüey, 17 March 1879 -- Havana, 15 February 1920) was an important innovator in trova music.	Patricio Ballagas	17 March 1879
date of birth	Lotte Meldgaard Pedersen (born 13 October 1972) is a Danish Olympic sailor competing in match racing.	Lotte Meldgaard Pedersen	13 October 1972
date of birth	Miles Tulett (born 24 December 1987) is a former Australian television personality.	Miles Tulett	24 December 1987
date of birth	Moshe Arens (Hebrew: משה ארנס‎, born 27 December 1925) is an Israeli aeronautical engineer, researcher and former diplomat and politician.	Moshe Arens	27 December 1925
date of birth	Adel Yahya (born 1982) is one of six men convicted in connection with alleged attempted bombings in London on 21 July 2005.	Adel Yahya	1982
date of birth	Born in Harrow, North London on 12 August 1938 and brought up in Cleeve in Somerset, David Telling was educated at Cheltenham College.	David Telling	12 August 1938
date of birth	Javed Burki (Urdu: نذیر اللہ برکی , جاوید برکی) (born 8 May 1938) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in 25 Tests from 1960 to 1969 to eventually become an ICC match referee.	Javed Burki	8 May 1938
date of birth	Gilles Tréhin (born 1972) is a French artist, author, and creator of the imaginary city of ``Urville''.	Gilles Tréhin	1972
date of birth	Mark Lovatt (born 12 August 1971) is a British road racing cyclist who represented the United Kingdom at the 2001 UCI Road World Championships and England at the 2002 Commonwealth Games.	Mark Lovatt	12 August 1971
date of birth	Mara Lane (born Dorothy Bolton; 1 August 1930) is a British-Austrian actress.	Mara Lane	1 August 1930
date of birth	Clay Ketter (born 1961 in Brunswick) is an American painter and photographer.	Clay Ketter	1961
date of birth	Terence Ian Shuttleworth (born 6 July 1963 in Belfast, UK) is a British theatre critic and author.	Ian Shuttleworth	6 July 1963
date of birth	Stuart Dickinson (born 19 July 1968) is an Australian former Rugby union referee.	Stuart Dickinson	19 July 1968
date of birth	Jack Mockler (born 1893) was an Irish hurler who played for the Tipperary senior team.	Jack Mockler	1893
date of birth	Nicolas Morês da Cruz (born 2 February 1995), best known as Nicolas Careca, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Grêmio.	Nicolas Careca	2 February 1995
date of birth	Jan Tomáš Kuzník (1716 -- 13 April 1786) was a Czech teacher of music, musician, composer and poet, active in the in Hanakia in the heart of Moravia.	Jan Tomáš Kuzník	1716
date of birth	Julian Hirsch (1922 - November 24, 2003) was an electrical engineer and audio critic.	Julian Hirsch	1922
date of birth	William E. Doolittle (Born 3 September 1947 in Texas, USA) is an American geographer who is prominent among the fourth generation of the Berkeley School of Latin Americanist Geography.	William E. Doolittle	3 September 1947
date of birth	María Belén Jerez Spuler (born 1989) is a Argentine--	María Belén Jerez Spuler	1989
date of birth	Yang Jia (Chinese: 杨佳; pinyin: Yáng Jiā; 27 August 1980 -- 26 November 2008) was a Chinese citizen executed for murdering six Shanghai police officers with a knife.	Yang Jia	27 August 1980
date of birth	Keith William Morton (born 28 May 1930 in Ipswich) is a British mathematician working on partial differential equations, and their numerical analysis.	Keith William Morton	28 May 1930
date of birth	Pinki Virani (born 30 January 1959) is an Indian writer, journalist, human-rights activist and author who has won critical acclaim for her four best-selling books Once was Bombay (frequently referred to as a ``cult book'');	Pinki Virani	30 January 1959
date of birth	Pandit Sahadeo Tiwari was born in the village of Sarwan in Bihar, India on 25 February 1892.	Sahadeo Tiwari	25 February 1892
date of birth	Nesria Al-Jelassi (also Nesria Jelassi, Arabic: نسرية الجلاصي‎; born 19 August 1989) is a Tunisian judoka, who played for the lightweight category.	Nesria Jelassi	19 August 1989
date of birth	Justice Arturo Zaldívar Lelo de Larrea (born August 9, 1959) is a Mexican lawyer who has been a member of the Supreme Court of Justice of the Nation (SCJN) since December 2009.	Arturo Zaldívar Lelo de Larrea	1959
date of birth	Julines Herring (1582--1644/5) was a Puritan clergyman within the Church of England who served in Derbyshire and at Shrewsbury.	Julines Herring	1582
date of birth	Rita Donagh (born 1939) is a British artist known for her realistic paintings and painstaking draughtsmanship.	Rita Donagh	1939
date of birth	Stan Browne (born 17 May 1962) is an Australian teacher, education administrator and former first grade rugby league player.	Stan Browne	17 May 1962
date of birth	Bill Zacha (born 1920 in Garland, Texas, died March 18, 1998 at Fort Bragg, California) was an artist and entrepreneur who founded the Mendocino Art Center in Mendocino, California and by doing so started the artistic revival of Mendocino.	Bill Zacha	1920
date of birth	Christian-Friedrich Vahl (born 1955 in Zeven) is a German cardiac surgeon.	Christian-Friedrich Vahl	1955
date of birth	Sir Thomas Hudson Beare MICE MIME FRSE RSSA LLD (born 30 June 1859, died 10 June 1940) was an eminent British engineer.	Thomas Hudson Beare	30 June 1859
date of birth	Amir Nosrat'ollah Balakhanlou (Persian: اميرنصرت الله بالاخانلو‎‎) (1917 -- May 20, 2007) was an Iranian (Persian) politician.	Amir Nosrat'ollah Balakhanlou	1917
date of birth	Jan de Bont (born 22 October 1943) is a Dutch cinematographer, producer, and film director.	Jan de Bont	22 October 1943
date of birth	Ismaël Isaac (born Kaba Diakité Issiaka in 1966) is a reggae singer from Côte d'Ivoire.	Ismaël Isaac	1966
date of birth	Oscar Mellor (7 June 1921 -- 2005) was an English surrealist artist and publisher of poetry.	Oscar Mellor	7 June 1921
date of birth	Professor Joshua H. Ritchie (born 1938), MD is an American-Israeli haredi Rabbi, counselor and medical practitioner.	Joshua H. Ritchie	1938
date of birth	Domenico Panaroli (1587--1657) was a physician and herbalist of Rome.	Domenico Panaroli	1587
date of birth	Gart Westerhout (15 June 1927 -- 14 October 2012) was a Dutch-American astronomer.	Gart Westerhout	15 June 1927
date of birth	Adolphe Blanc (24 June 1828 -- May 1885) was a French composer of chamber music.	Adolphe Blanc	24 June 1828
date of birth	Gal Nevo (Hebrew: גל נבו‎; born 29 June 1987) is a record-holding Israeli swimmer.	Gal Nevo	29 June 1987
date of birth	Patrik Ingelsten (born 25 January 1982) is a Swedish footballer, who plays as a winger and forward.	Patrik Ingelsten	25 January 1982
date of birth	Safet Gjici (born 30 April 1972 in Kukës) is an Albanian businessperson who is the CEO of EuroGjici Security and Kevin Construction.	Safet Gjici	30 April 1972
date of birth	Frances Harriet Whipple Green McDougall (1805--1878) was an abolitionist, poet, novelist, editor, botanist, spiritualist medium, and advocate of women's, voters', and workers' rights.	Frances Harriet Whipple Green McDougall	1805
date of birth	Chris Parr (born 1944) is a British theatre director and television executive.	Chris Parr	1944
date of birth	Born in Portsmouth, Rhode Island on 22 August 1661, Joseph Sheffield was the son of Ichabod Sheffield and Mary Parker.	Joseph Sheffield	22 August 1661
date of birth	Stephen Amoanor Kwao (born 12 September 1951) is a Ghanaian educationist and politician.	Stephen Amoanor Kwao	12 September 1951
date of birth	Matthew Higgs (born 1964 in West Yorkshire) is an English artist, curator, writer and publisher.	Matthew Higgs	1964
date of birth	Krasae Chanawongse (Thai: กระแส ชนะวงศ์, rtgs: Krasae Chanawong, born 1 March 1934) is a Thai physician, professor of medicine, and politician.	Krasae Chanawongse	1 March 1934
date of birth	Charles Moore, 1st Earl of Charleville PC (24 January 1712 -- 17 February 1764), known as The Lord Moore between 1725 and 1758, was an Irish peer and freemason.	Charles Moore, 1st Earl of Charleville	24 January 1712
date of birth	Johan Christian Strøm (born 14 June 1947) is a Norwegian luger.	Christian Strøm	1947
date of birth	Albert Delannoy (born 1881) was a French long jumper who competed in the late 19th century and early 20th century.	Albert Delannoy	1881
date of birth	Sallie Robinson (born 1851, date of death unknown), a 19th-century African-American civil rights activist.	Sallie Robinson	1851
date of birth	John Washington Steele (born in Sheakleyville, Pennsylvania, 1843; died in Fort Crook, Nebraska, in December, 1920), also known as Coal Oil Johnny, was one of the first oil millionaires acquiring their wealth from the oil discovered in Pennsylvania in the mid-19th century.	John Washington Steele	1843
date of birth	Hans Minder (born 28 August 1908, date of death unknown) is a Swiss wrestler.	Hans Minder	28 August 1908
date of birth	Perumanoor Gopinatha Pillai, more popularly known as Guru Gopinath (24 June 1908 -- 9 October 1987) was a well known actor-cum-dancer.	Guru Gopinath	24 June 1908
date of birth	Dr Dov Bar-Nir (Hebrew: דב בר-ניר‎, born Bernard Zilbershitz on 3 December 1911, died 7 May 2000) was a Belgium-born Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapam between 1949 and 1951.	Dov Bar-Nir	3 December 1911
date of birth	Delmi Álvarez (born 1958) is a Galician photojournalist and independent filmmaker.	Delmi Álvarez	1958
date of birth	James Dodds (born 1957) is a British painter and carver.	James Dodds	1957
date of birth	Rasmus Flo (29 September 1851- 30 November 1905) was a Norwegian teacher, philologist, magazine editor and translator.	Rasmus Flo	1851
date of birth	Daniel Kemmis (born c. 1946) is an American attorney and the author of several books including:	Daniel Kemmis	1946
date of birth	Edward Kennion (1744--1809) was an English artist, initially a soldier and businessman.	Edward Kennion	1744
date of birth	George Nicolaou (born 16 September 1945) is an Cyprus judge born in Larnaca and currently the Judge of the European Court of Human Rights in respect of Cyprus	George Nicolaou	16 September 1945
date of birth	Rory Bosio is an American athlete born in 1984.	Rory Bosio	1984
date of birth	Alison Whyte (born 1968, Tasmania) is an Australian actress best known for her role on the Australian television series Frontline and Satisfaction.	Alison Whyte	1968
date of birth	Mohammad Tavasoli (Persian: محمد توسلی‎‎, born 1 January 1938) is an Iranian democracy activist and politician.	Mohammad Tavasoli	1 January 1938
date of birth	Kerrie Friend (born 2 October 1963) is an Australian model and TV presenter best known for co-hosting Wheel of Fortune and Perfect Match.	Kerrie Friend	1963
date of birth	Kim Tiddy (born 3 September 1977 , in Surrey), is an English actress best known for playing the part of PC Honey Harman, in the ITV soap opera The Bill, and Heidi Costello in the British Channel 4 soap Hollyoaks.	Kim Tiddy	3 September 1977
date of birth	Powys Thomas (1926--1977) was a British-born actor who played an important role in the development of theatre in Canada.	Powys Thomas	1926
date of birth	David A. Galloway (born 1943), a Canadian, was the CEO of Torstar and is chairman of the board of Bank of Montreal, which is also known as BMO Financial Group.	David A. Galloway	1943
date of birth	Sir Henry Normand MacLaurin, (known as Normand MacLaurin, 10 December 1835, Kilconquhar, Scotland -- 24 August 1914, Sydney, Australia), was a Scottish-born physician, company director, Australian politician and university administrator.	Normand MacLaurin	10 December 1835
date of birth	William John O'Meally, born 25 November 1920 in Young, New South Wales, was an Australian criminal, notorious as the last man to be flogged in Victoria.	William John O'Meally	25 November 1920
date of birth	John Heald (born 22 January 1965) is the senior cruise director of Carnival Cruise Lines and a blogger for the cruise line.	John Heald	22 January 1965
date of birth	Dan Webb (born 13 August 1989), is an Australian musician, singer, songwriter and record producer.	Dan Webb	13 August 1989
date of death	Johannes Stark (German pronunciation: (joˈhanəs ʃtaʁk), 15 April 1874 -- 21 June 1957) was a German physicist and Physics Nobel Prize laureate, who was closely involved with the Deutsche Physik movement under the Nazi regime.	Johannes Stark	21 June 1957
date of death	Festus Okotie-Eboh (1919-1966) was a Nigerian politician and former Minister of Finance during the administration of Abubakar Tafawa Balewa.	Festus Okotie-Eboh	1966
date of death	Aleksandar Lilov (Bulgarian: Александър Лилов) (31 August 1933 -- 20 July 2013) was a Bulgarian politician and philosopher.	Aleksandar Lilov	20 July 2013
date of death	Ann Southam, CM (4 February 1937 -- 25 November 2010) was a Canadian composer and music teacher.	Ann Southam	25 November 2010
date of death	James Leigh Strachan-Davidson (born Strachan) (22 October 1843 -- 28 March 1916) was an English classical scholar, born at Byfleet, Surrey, southern England.	James Leigh Strachan-Davidson	28 March 1916
date of death	William H. Peirce (died 1944) was an American civil engineer and metallurgist, who pioneered copper production in the early 20th century.	William H. Peirce	1944
date of death	Hugh de Vere, 4th Earl of Oxford (c. 1208 -- December 1263) was the only son and heir of Robert de Vere, 3rd Earl of Oxford and Isabel de Bolebec, daughter and eventual sole heiress of Hugh de Bolebec.	Hugh de Vere, 4th Earl of Oxford	December 1263
date of death	Leonard Keith Ward (17 February 1879 -- 30 September 1964) was an Australian geologist and public servant.	Leonard Keith Ward	30 September 1964
date of death	Dave Magnier (1916--1979) is an Irish sportsperson.	Dave Magnier	1979
date of death	Emanuel Cvjetićanin (August 8, 1833 -- 1919) was an Austro-Hungarian Feldmarschalleutnant, a rank equivalent to Lieutenant General.	Emanuel Cvjetićanin	1919
date of death	Stanton P. Sender died November 7, 1995, several days after suffering a massive heart attack.	Stanton P. Sender	1995
date of death	Phyllis Forbes Dennis (31 May 1884 -- 22 August 1963) was a British novelist and short story writer who wrote under her birth name, Phyllis Bottome (/bəˈtoʊm/ bə-TOHM).	Phyllis Bottome	22 August 1963
date of death	Sir Francis Brewster (fl. 1674--1702) was a writer on trade, and a citizen and alderman of Dublin, Ireland.	Francis Brewster	1702
date of death	Jerolim Zagurović (Serbian: Јеролим Загуровић), (Italian: Girolamo Zagurovich) (c. 1550--1580) was a Venetian printer of Serbian Cyrillic books (srbulje).	Jerolim Zagurović	1580
date of death	William John Woodhouse (7 November 1866 -- 26 October 1937) was a classical scholar and author, professor of Greek at the University of Sydney	William John Woodhouse	26 October 1937
date of death	Mensa Bonsu (c. 1840 -- c. 1896) was the tenth king of the Kingdom of Ashanti, from 1874 until his forced abdication on 8 March 1883.	Mensa Bonsu	1896
date of death	Daniel Baransky (1955--1986) was rumoured to be the youngest member of the Brotherhood of Eternal Love.	Daniel Baransky	1986
date of death	Andrew Allan (1907--1974), born in Arboath, Scotland, was the national head of CBC Radio Drama from 1943 to 1955.	Andrew Allan	1974
date of death	Gary Hemming (1934 -- 1969) was a noted American mountaineer.	Gary Hemming	1969
date of death	Charles Magniac (1827 -- 23 November 1891) was a British financier and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1868 and 1886.	Charles Magniac	23 November 1891
date of death	George Hepplewhite (1727? -- June 21, 1786) was a cabinetmaker.	George Hepplewhite	1786
date of death	Frits Schlegel (4 May 1896 - 5 March 1965) was a Functionalist Danish architect active during the transition from traditional craftsmanship to industrialized construction methods in the building industry.	Frits Schlegel	5 March 1965
date of death	Fred Rutley (10 July 1902 - 28 May 1947) was an Australian rules footballer who played for North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Fred Rutley	28 May 1947
date of death	Jeanne Roques (23 February 1889 -- 11 December 1957), better known by her stage name Musidora, was a French actress, film director and writer.	Musidora	11 December 1957
date of death	Hermann Schmitz (1 January 1881 -- 8 October 1960) was a German industrialist and Nazi war criminal.	Hermann Schmitz	8 October 1960
date of death	Awar Khan Aibak (alternately Latinised Aor, Awor) was the governor of Bengal at Lakhnauti during 1235--1236 CE under Delhi Sultan Shamsuddin Iltutmish.	Awar Khan Aibak	1236
date of death	John Hingston (1612--1683) was an English composer, organist and viol player.	John Hingston	1683
date of death	Hiu Lui Ng, a.k.a. Jason Ng, was a 34-year-old New Yorker who died on August 5 or 6, 2008 in the custody of United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement.	Hiu Lui Ng	2008
date of death	Ebenezer Allen (1743--1806) was an American soldier, pioneer, and member of the Vermont General Assembly.	Ebenezer Allen	1806
date of death	Max Beloff, Baron Beloff, FBA, FRHistS, FRSA (2 July 1913 -- 22 March 1999) was a British historian and Conservative peer.	Max Beloff, Baron Beloff	22 March 1999
date of death	Elysa Ayala (1879--1956) was an Ecuadorian writer and painter.	Elysa Ayala	1956
date of death	Captain The Hon. Hugh Tyrwhitt (14 July 1856 -- 26 October 1907) was a Royal Navy officer who became Naval Secretary.	Hugh Tyrwhitt	26 October 1907
date of death	Captain Sir Eyre Massey Shaw KCB (17 January 1828--25 August 1908) was the Superintendent of the Metropolitan Fire Brigade (now renamed the London Fire Brigade), and its predecessor, the London Fire Engine Establishment, from 1861 to 1891.	Eyre Massey Shaw	25 August 1908
date of death	Eduard Glaser (15 March 1855 -- 7 May 1908) was an Austrian Arabist and archeologist.	Eduard Glaser	7 May 1908
date of death	Maria Vittoria dal Pozzo (Maria Vittoria Carlotta Enrichetta; 9 August 1847 -- 8 November 1876) was an Italian noblewoman and was the Princess della Cisterna in her own right.	Maria Vittoria dal Pozzo	8 November 1876
date of death	Catherine Suckling (9 May 1725 -- 26 December 1767) was the mother of Horatio Nelson.	Catherine Suckling	26 December 1767
date of death	Sir James David Marwick (15 July 1826 -- 24 March 1908) was a Scottish lawyer, historian and town clerk.	James David Marwick	24 March 1908
date of death	Johannes van den Broek (26 October 1882, Haarlem -- 22 October 1946, The Hague) was a businessman and Dutch minister of finance from 1942 to 1945.	Johannes van den Broek	22 October 1946
date of death	Aco Mavec (8 December 1929 -- 17 August 1982) was a Slovene painter, best known for his illustrations of children's books and comics.	Aco Mavec	17 August 1982
date of death	Matteo Pacelli (Born in Basilicata - 1731) was an Italian historical painter.	Matteo Pacelli	1731
date of death	(Edythe) Ellison Harvie (18 May 1902 -- 27 September 1984) was an Australian architect and an advocate for the professional development of women.	Ellison Harvie	27 September 1984
date of death	Manju Qamaraidullāhī (1908--1983) was a Urdu dramatist, playwright and a poet, born in Channapatna, Karnataka state of India and established his career in Hyderabad Deccan.	Manju Qamaraidullāhī	1983
date of death	Maria of Galicia (before 1293- 11 January 1341) was a princess of Galicia-Volhynia and a member of the Rurik Dynasty.	Maria of Galicia	11 January 1341
date of death	Florence Fleming Noyes (1871--1928) was an American classical dancer.	Florence Fleming Noyes	1928
date of death	Louis Claude Purser (28 September 1854 Abbeyside--20 March 1932 Dublin) was an Irish classical scholar.	Louis Claude Purser	20 March 1932
date of death	Christopher Richard Sandford Buckle, CBE, better known as Richard Buckle (6 August 1916 -- 12 October 2001), was a lifelong devotee of ballet, and a well-known ballet critic.	Richard Buckle	12 October 2001
date of death	Vojtěch Kubašta (1914, Vienna -- 1992) was a Czech architect and artist.	Vojtěch Kubašta	1992
date of death	Charles Samuel Myers, CBE, FRS (13 March 1873 -- 12 October 1946) was an English physician who worked as a psychologist.	Charles Samuel Myers	12 October 1946
date of death	William Warren Orcutt (February 14, 1869 -- 1942) was a petroleum geologist who is considered a pioneer in the development of oil production in California, and the use of geology in the oil industry.	William Warren Orcutt	1942
date of death	Lieutenant General John Neptune Sargent CB (18 June 1826 -- 20 October 1893) was Commander of British Troops in China, Hong Kong and the Straits Settlements.	John Neptune Sargent	20 October 1893
date of death	Heinrich Eggestein (born around 1415/1420 in Rosheim, Alsace; died 1488 or later; also spelled Eckstein or Eggesteyn) is considered, along with Johannes Mentelin, to be the earliest book printer in Strasbourg and therefore one of the earliest anywhere in Europe outside Mainz.	Heinrich Eggestein	1488
date of death	John VI, Duke of Mecklenburg (1439--1474) was a Duke of Mecklenburg.	John VI, Duke of Mecklenburg	1474
date of death	Antoine Vérard (active 1485--1512) was a late 15th and early 16th century French publisher, bookmaker and bookseller.	Antoine Vérard	1512
date of death	Edward Sparke (died 1692) was an English clergyman and devotional writer.	Edward Sparke	1692
date of death	Joseph Dandridge (January 1665 Winslow, Buckinghamshire - 23 December 1747 London), was an English silk-pattern designer of Huguenot descent, a natural history illustrator, an amateur naturalist specialising in entomology, and a leading figure in the Society of Aurelians of which he was a founder member.	Joseph Dandridge	23 December 1747
date of death	Margherita Cagol (1945--5 June 1975) was a former leader of the Italian left-wing militant organization, the Red Brigades (Brigate Rosse).	Margherita Cagol	5 June 1975
date of death	Eduardo Ruberté Bisó (ca. 1917 - ca. 1985) was a Puerto Rican politician and Mayor of Ponce, Puerto Rico from 1964 to 1968.	Eduardo Ruberté Bisó	1985
date of death	Donald Gregory (1803--1836) was a Scottish historian and antiquarian, who published a valuable history of the Western Highlands and Isles of Scotland.	Donald Gregory	1836
date of death	Tiberius Julius Aspurgus Philoromaios (Greek: Τιβέριος Ἰούλιος Ἀσποῦργoς Φιλορώμαιος, Philoromaios means lover of Rome, flourished second half of 1st century BC & first half of 1st century AD, died 38) was a Prince and Roman Client King of the Bosporan Kingdom.	Tiberius Julius Aspurgus	38
date of death	Paul Dognin (1856--1931) was a French entomologist who specialised in the Lepidoptera of South America.	Paul Dognin	1931
date of death	Domenico Caldara (1814--1897) was an Italian painter, mainly of portraits and genre painting.	Domenico Caldara	1897
date of death	Fintan Kennedy (died 24 March 1984) was an Irish trade unionist.	Fintan Kennedy	24 March 1984
date of death	Heber Hugo Carámbula, (31 October 1945 -- 14 November 2015), also known under the stage name of Berugo Carámbula, was a Uruguayan actor, comedian and TV host, born in Las Piedras in 1945.	Berugo Carámbula	14 November 2015
date of death	Chimalpopoca (Classical Nahuatl: Chīmalpopōca /t͡ʃiːmaɬpoˈpoːka/ for ``smoking shield'') (1397--1427) was the third king of Tenochtitlan (1417--1427).	Chimalpopoca	1427
date of death	Charles Barker (1791--1859) was an English advertising agent.	Charles Barker	1859
date of death	Karol Chodura (9 September 1921 - 22 March 2001) is a Polish cinematographer and first assistant director.	Karol Chodura	22 March 2001
date of death	Sister Katherine Butler (27 May 1914 -- 8 August 2000) was a nun with the Religious Sisters of Charity, teacher, writer, and aviator.	Katherine Butler	8 August 2000
date of death	Sir John Hay of Alderston, 1st Baronet (died 1706) was created a Baronet of Nova Scotia on 22 February 1703.	Sir John Hay of Alderston, 1st Baronet	1706
date of death	William Greener (1806--1869) was an English inventor and gunmaker.	William Greener	1869
date of death	D. Maria Francisca of Savoy (Marie Françoise Élisabeth; 21 June 1646 -- 27 December 1683) was twice queen consort of Portugal as the spouse of two Portuguese kings.	Maria Francisca of Savoy	27 December 1683
date of death	Charles Cecil, Viscount Cranborne (1619--1660) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1640 to 1648.	Charles Cecil, Viscount Cranborne	1660
date of death	Robert M. Bond (16 December 1929 -- 26 April 1984) was a lieutenant general of the United States Air Force (USAF).	Robert M. Bond	26 April 1984
date of death	Jan Frederik Schouten (29 May 1910 -- 12 August 1980) was a Dutch physicist, and Professor at the Eindhoven University of Technology, known for his contributions to biophysics.	Jan Frederik Schouten	12 August 1980
date of death	Karl Kaspar von der Leyen (18 December 1618 -- 1 June 1676) was Archbishop-Elector of Trier and a Prince-Elector of the Holy Roman Empire from 1652 to 1676.	Karl Kaspar von der Leyen	1 June 1676
date of death	Kenneth Rayner (20 June 1808 -- 4 March 1884) was a whig U.S. Congressman from North Carolina between 1839 and 1845.	Kenneth Rayner	4 March 1884
date of death	Frederick Thomas Pilkington (1832 -- 18 September 1898) was a Scottish architect, practising in the Victorian High Gothic revival style.	Frederick Thomas Pilkington	1898
date of death	Saverino or Severino Galante (ca. 1750--1827) was an Italian painter, active in Abruzzo and Naples.	Severino Galante	1827
date of death	Sharda Rani Trivedi (died 1998) was a north Indian educator who contributed to higher education for women, for which she is remembered in Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh.	Sharda Rani Trivedi	1998
date of death	Eloy d'Amerval (fl. 1455 -- 1508) was a French composer, singer, choirmaster, and poet of the Renaissance.	Eloy d'Amerval	1508
date of death	Emil Schulz (25 May 1938 -- 22 March 2010) was a German amateur boxer and five-time national champion, who lost only 21 of his 223 fights.	Emil Schulz	22 March 2010
date of death	Antonio Pacchioni (1665--1726) was an Italian scientist and anatomist, who focused chiefly on the outermost meningeal layer of the brain, the dura mater.	Antonio Pacchioni	1726
date of death	Sir Henry Garraway (died July 1646) was an English merchant who was Lord Mayor of London in 1639.	Henry Garraway	July 1646
date of death	Paul Esser (24 April 1913 -- 20 January 1988) was a German stage and television actor and voice actor.	Paul Esser	20 January 1988
date of death	Francis M. Pottenger, Jr. (1901--1967) was the son of Francis M. Pottenger, Sr., the physician who co-founded the Pottenger Sanatorium for treatment of tuberculosis in Monrovia, California.	Francis M. Pottenger, Jr.	1967
date of death	Jan Kociniak (8 November 1937 -- 20 April 2007) was a Polish film and theatre actor.	Jan Kociniak	20 April 2007
date of death	Gao Shengtai (died 1096) was the ruler of the Dazhong Kingdom (1094--1096).	Gao Shengtai	1096
date of death	Michel Casseux, also known as ``Pisseux'' (1794--1869) was a Savate instructor.	Michel Casseux	1869
date of death	Paul Ambrose (11 October 1868 -- 1 July 1941) was a Canadian organist, conductor, composer, and music educator who was primarily active in the United States.	Paul Ambrose	1 July 1941
date of death	Kyrillos Makarios also written as Cyrillus Macaire (in Arabic كيرلس مقار ) (born 9 February 1867 - died 18 May 1921) was a leader of the Coptic Catholic Church, an Eastern Catholic sui juris particular church of the Catholic Church.	Kyrillos Makarios	18 May 1921
date of death	Beriah Botfield FRSE FRS FSA FRGS (5 March 1807 -- 7 August 1863) was a British Member of Parliament representing Ludlow in Shropshire.	Beriah Botfield	7 August 1863
date of death	David Nelson Beach (November 30, 1848 -- October 18, 1926) was an American theologian, born at South Orange, N. J., and a brother of Harlan Page Beach.	David Nelson Beach	1926
date of death	Torolv Solheim (7 November 1907, Radøy -- 23 May 1995) was a Norwegian educator, essayist, resistance member and politician.	Torolv Solheim	23 May 1995
date of death	Jan Nepomuk Štěpánek (19 May 1783 -- 12 February 1844) was a Czech playwright, director, actor and theatre manager.	Jan Nepomuk Štěpánek	1844
date of death	Federico Cafiero (24 May 1914 -- 7 May 1980) was an Italian mathematician known for his contributions in real analysis, measure and integration theory, and in the theory of ordinary differential equations.	Federico Cafiero	7 May 1980
date of death	Ólchobar mac Duib-Indrecht (died 805) was a supposed King of Munster from the Eóganacht Áine branch of the Eóganachta.	Ólchobar mac Duib-Indrecht	805
date of death	Otto IV, Count of Ravensberg (c. 1276 -- 1328) was a German nobleman.	Otto IV, Count of Ravensberg	1328
date of death	George Dalgarno (c.1626--1687) was a Scottish intellectual interested in linguistic problems.	George Dalgarno	1687
date of death	Jan Vilímek (German: Johann Vilimek; 1 January 1860 -- 15 April 1938) was a Czech illustrator and painter.	Jan Vilímek	15 April 1938
date of death	Alexander Hamilton Church (28 May 1866 -- 11 February 1936) was an English efficiency engineer, accountant and writer on accountancy and management, known for his seminal work of management and cost accounting.	Alexander Hamilton Church	1936
date of death	René Raphy (27 December 1920 - 11 May 2008) is a former French footballer.	René Raphy	11 May 2008
date of death	Eógan mac Néill (modern orthography: Eoghan mac Néill) (reportedly died 465) was a son of Niall Noígiallach and the eponymous ancestor of the Cenél nEógain branch of the Northern Uí Néill, who founded the over-kingdom of Ailech and later Tír Eoghain.	Eógan mac Néill	465
date of death	Margaret Germano, better known as Peggy Mann (September 27, 1919 -- summer 1988), was an American Big Band singer who was prominent in the 1930s and 40s.	Peggy Mann	1988
date of death	Romain-Octave Pelletier II (sometimes spelled Peltier) (26 August 1904 - 11 January 1968) was a Canadian music critic, music producer, and violinist.	Romain-Octave Pelletier II	11 January 1968
date of death	Edward Carrick (born Edward Anthony Craig) (3 January 1905 -- 21 January 1998) was an art designer for film, an author and illustrator.	Edward Carrick	21 January 1998
date of death	Elizabeth Farren (c. 1759 -- 23 April 1829) was an English actress of the late 18th century.	Elizabeth Farren	23 April 1829
date of death	S. Ramanathan (1917-1988) was a Carnatic music singer and musicologist.	S. Ramanathan	1988
date of death	Dimitry Markevitch (1923--2002) was a Russian concert cellist, researcher, teacher and musicologist.	Dimitry Markevitch	2002
date of death	Saint Vitonus (died 525), also called Vanne or Vaune, became a monk as a young man and was made Bishop of Verdun, c.500.	Vitonus	525
date of death	Dumenko Borys Mokiyovych (Ukrainian: Думенко Борис Мокійович, Russian: Думенко Борис Мокеевич) (1888 - 11 May 1920) was a red cossack with a Ukrainian enslaved cossack origin, who was one of co-founders and commanders of the first red cossack troops, and the Red Army as a whole.	Dumenko Borys Mokiyovych	1920
date of death	George Febres (born Jorge Xavier Febres Cordero Icaza, Guayaquil, 10 September 1943 -- 1996) was an Ecuadorian-born painter, internationally acclaimed for his wildly imaginative style and humorous ``visual puns.''	George Febres	1996
date of death	Helen Abbot Merrill (1864 -- 1949) was an American mathematician, educator and textbook author.	Helen Abbot Merrill	1949
date of death	François Borne (1840--1920), sometimes spelled Bourne, was a French flautist playing with the orchestra of ``Le Grand Théatre de Bordeaux'' (Bordeaux Opera House), composer and professor at ``Conservatoire de Musique de Toulouse'' (High School for Music in Toulouse).	François Borne	1920
date of death	Paul Behrens (1893--1984) was a clockmaker in Lübeck.	Paul Behrens	1984
date of death	This album is now part of the Smithsonian Folkways collection, and may be found here: http://www.folkways.si.edu/frank-schildt/songs-of-love-play-and-protest/american-folk/music/album/smithsonian Frank Schildt died from a heart attack on January 15, 1988.	Frank Schildt	1988
date of death	Marzio di Colantonio or di Colantonio Ganassini or di Cola Antonio (c. 1580s -- after 1623) was an Italian painter, as a painter of still-lifes and landscapes, and fresco decorations of grotteschi and battle scenes with small figures.	Marzio di Colantonio	1623
date of death	Ralph Dodd (c.1756--11 April 1822) was a late 18th century British civil engineer primarily known for his attempt to produce the first tunnel underneath the Thames in 1798.	Ralph Dodd	11 April 1822
date of death	Reginald Erskine Foster, nicknamed Tip Foster, commonly designated R. E. Foster in sporting literature (16 April 1878 - 13 May 1914) was an English cricketer and football player.	R. E. Foster	13 May 1914
date of death	Horrie Riley (10 September 1902 -- 8 February 1970) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Sturt in the SAFL.	Horrie Riley	8 February 1970
date of death	Owen Browne Carter (1806 -- 30 March 1859) was an English architect, based in Winchester.	Owen Browne Carter	30 March 1859
date of death	Stella Maria Sarah Miles Franklin, known as Miles Franklin (14 October 1879 -- 19 September 1954) was an Australian writer and feminist who is best known for her novel My Brilliant Career, self-published in 1901.	Miles Franklin	19 September 1954
date of death	Thomas Brome (died 1380) was an English Carmelite monk, provincial of his order from 1362.	Thomas Brome	1380
date of death	Thomas Wentworth Beaumont (5 November 1792 -- 20 December 1848) of Bretton Hall, Wakefield in Yorkshire, was a British politician and soldier.	Thomas Wentworth Beaumont	20 December 1848
date of death	Detty Kurnia (1960 -- 20 April 2010) was an Indonesian vocalist who sang Pop Sunda (a mix of Western pop and Sundanese music) by blending traditional Indonesian music with western music.	Detty Kurnia	20 April 2010
date of death	Alexander Tolmer (1815 -- 7 March 1890) was a South Australian police officer and Police Commissioner.	Alexander Tolmer	7 March 1890
date of death	Harry Lindbäck (19 December 1926 -- 9 August 2010) was a Swedish sprint canoer who competed in the early 1950s.	Harry Lindbäck	9 August 2010
date of death	Ronald Montagu Burrows (16 August 1867 -- 14 May 1920) was a British academic archaeologist who served as Principal of King's College London from 1913 to 1920.	Ronald Montagu Burrows	14 May 1920
date of death	Käte Fenchel née Käte Sperling (21 December 1905 -- 19 December 1983) Jewish German mathematician, best known for her work on non-abelian groups.	Käte Fenchel	1983
date of death	Joseph Weintraub (1908-1977) was Chief Justice of the New Jersey Supreme Court from 1957 to 1973.	Joseph Weintraub	1977
date of death	Vardan I Dadiani (Georgian: ვარდან I დადიანი) (died c. 1213) was a Georgian noble and the forefather of the Dadiani, the princely dynasty of Samegrelo (Mingrelia), a region in western Georgia which Vardan ruled as eristavi (``duke'') from 1183 to 1213.	Vardan I Dadiani	1213
date of death	Giambattista Scandella (1770-1798) was an Italian physician and scientist who emigrated to the United States in 1796.	Giambattista Scandella	1798
date of death	Justin-Marie Bomboko Lokumba Is Elenge (22 September 1928 -- 10 April 2014), known as Justin Marie Bomboko, was a Congolese civil servant.	Justin Marie Bomboko	10 April 2014
date of death	Jamie Tape (5 April 1974 -- 3 January 2003) was an Australian rules footballer.	Jamie Tape	3 January 2003
date of death	José de la Cruz (21 December 1746 -- 12 March 1829), more popularly known as Huseng Sisiw, was one of the great Filipino writers during the Spanish regime.	José de la Cruz	12 March 1829
date of death	Andrew Sexton Gray (1826 -- 10 July 1907) was an Irish surgeon, who founded the Royal Victorian Eye and Ear Hospital in Melbourne, and is considered a ``founder of ophthalmology in Australia''.	Andrew Sexton Gray	10 July 1907
date of death	Fa Zheng (176--220), courtesy name Xiaozhi, was an adviser to the warlord Liu Bei in the late Eastern Han dynasty.	Fa Zheng	220
date of death	Hector Theophilus de Cramahé (1 October 1720 -- 9 June 1788), born Théophile Hector Chateigner de Cramahé, was Lieutenant-Governor of the Province of Quebec, and titular Lieutenant Governor of Detroit.	Hector Theophilus de Cramahé	9 June 1788
date of death	Sir William Brereton, 1st Baronet (13 September 1604 -- 7 April 1661) was an English writer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1628 and 1659.	Sir William Brereton, 1st Baronet	7 April 1661
date of death	Wally Cameron (13 November 1896 -- 22 April 1957) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the VFL during the 1920s.	Wally Cameron	22 April 1957
date of death	Agegnehu Engida (1905 in Mahdere Maryam - 1950) was an Ethiopian modern artist.	Agegnehu Engida	1950
date of death	Chaleo Yoovidhya (Thai: เฉลียว อยู่วิทยา, rtgs: Chaliao Yuwitthaya, Thai pronunciation: (ʨʰàlǐːaw jùːwíttʰájaː); born 17 August 1923; died on 17 March 2012) was a Thai businessman and investor.	Chaleo Yoovidhya	17 March 2012
date of death	Adam Sedgwick (22 March 1785 -- 27 January 1873) was one of the founders of modern geology.	Adam Sedgwick	27 January 1873
date of death	Fred J. Hart (August 20, 1888 -- 1976) was an American farmer and businessman.	Fred J. Hart	1976
date of death	Erica Wilson (8 October 1928 -- 13 December 2011) was an English-born American embroidery designer based in New York, known particularly for needlepoint.	Erica Wilson	13 December 2011
date of death	Abraham ben Isaac of Narbonne (c. 1110 -- 1179) was a Provençal rabbi, also known as Raavad II, and author of the halachic work Ha-Eshkol (The Cluster).	Abraham ben Isaac of Narbonne	1179
date of death	George Ernest Hamilton CE (ca.1800 -- 8 October 1872) was a British civil engineer who played a leading role in development of the Colony of South Australia.	George Ernest Hamilton	8 October 1872
date of death	Stan Parker (31 May 1920 in Worksop -- 1994) was a professional footballer.	Stan Parker	1994
date of death	Nuccio Costa (1925 -- 27 February 1991) was an Italian television presenter.	Nuccio Costa	27 February 1991
date of death	Pier Francesco Tosi (c. 1653 -- 1732) was a castrato singer, composer, and writer on music.	Pier Francesco Tosi	1732
date of death	Edward Strachey, 1st Baron Strachie PC (30 October 1858 -- 25 July 1936), known as Sir Edward Strachey, Bt, between 1901 and 1911, was a British Liberal politician.	Edward Strachey, 1st Baron Strachie	25 July 1936
date of death	Dr John Fewster (1738-1824) was a surgeon and apothecary in Thornbury, Gloucestershire.	John Fewster	1824
date of death	John Poulett, 2nd Baron Poulett DL (1615 -- 15 September 1665), of Hinton St George in Somerset, was an English peer and Member of Parliament who fought on the Royalist side during the English Civil War.	John Poulett, 2nd Baron Poulett	15 September 1665
date of death	William Brewer, 1st Baron Brewer (alias Briwere, etc.) (died 1226) was a prominent administrator and judge in England during the reigns of Kings Richard I, his brother King John, and the latter's son Henry III. He was a major landholder and the founder of several religious institutions.	William Brewer, 1st Baron Brewer	1226
date of death	Joseph Wasse (1672--1738) was an English cleric and classical scholar.	Joseph Wasse	1738
date of death	Peter Peckard (c. 1718 -- 8 December 1797) was an English Whig, Vice-Chancellor of Cambridge University, Church of England minister and abolitionist.	Peter Peckard	1797
date of death	John Hazlewood SSC (19 May 1924 -- 4 September 1998) was the seventh Anglican Bishop of Ballarat from 1975 to 1993.	John Hazlewood	4 September 1998
date of death	George A. Schilling (1850 - 1936) was a prominent American union leader and Georgist in the late nineteenth century.	George A. Schilling	1936
date of death	Emanuel Shinwell, Baron Shinwell, CH, PC (18 October 1884 -- 8 May 1986), known informally as Manny Shinwell, was a British trade union official, Labour politician and one of the leading figures of Red Clydeside.	Manny Shinwell	8 May 1986
date of death	Franz Studniczka (14 August 1860 -- 4 December 1929) was a German professor of classical archaeology born in Jasło, Galicia.	Franz Studniczka	4 December 1929
date of death	Thomas Westfield (1573--1644) was an English churchman, Bishop of Bristol and member of the Westminster Assembly.	Thomas Westfield	1644
date of death	John Antes (1740--1811) was the first American Moravian Missionary to travel and work in Egypt, one of the earliest American-born chamber music composers, and the maker of perhaps the earliest surviving bowed string instrument made in America.	John Antes	1811
date of death	Joseph Windmills (c1640-1724), was an eminent London watch- and clock-maker who, with his son Thomas, produced outstanding timepieces between 1671 and 1737.	Joseph Windmills	1724
date of death	Jerry Lordan (30 April 1934 -- 24 July 1995) was an English songwriter, composer and singer.	Jerry Lordan	24 July 1995
date of death	Aqa Mirak (fl. 1520 -- Qazvin, 1576) was a Persian illustrator and painter.	Aqa Mirak	1576
date of death	Edith Ranum (23 May 1922 -- 25 October 2002) was a Norwegian crime writer, novelist and playwright.	Edith Ranum	2002
date of death	Jascha Horenstein (Russian: Яша Горенштейн; 6 May (O.S. 24 April) 1898 -- 2 April 1973) was an American conductor.	Jascha Horenstein	2 April 1973
date of death	Darcy McDougall (16 April 1886 -- 7 April 1952) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Darcy McDougall	7 April 1952
date of death	Ljubomir Kovačević (4 January 1848-19 November 1918) was a Serbian writer, historian, academic, and politician.	Ljubomir Kovačević	19 November 1918
date of death	Sarah Mary Fitton (c. 1796 -- 30 March 1874) was an Irish writer, who had an interest in botany.	Sarah Mary Fitton	30 March 1874
date of death	Tsai Horng Chung (also, Chai Chung Ying; 蔡洪鐘) (1915--2003), was a Chinese-Sarawakan painter.	Tsai Horng Chung	2003
date of death	Thomas Moryson (died 19 February 1592) was an English government official, landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1572 and 1589.	Thomas Moryson	19 February 1592
date of death	Morgan Owen (1584/5 -- 1645) was bishop of Llandaff, Wales from 1639 but imprisoned and unable to exercise his charge from 1644.	Morgan Owen	1645
date of death	Frans Claerhout (15 February 1919 -- 4 July 2006) was a Belgian painter who spent most of his adult life in South Africa.	Frans Claerhout	4 July 2006
date of death	Peter Kern (13 February 1949 -- 26 August 2015) was an Austrian actor, film director, screenwriter and producer.	Peter Kern	26 August 2015
date of death	Robert Hutton (1876 -- 5 August 1970) was an English metallurgist and Goldsmiths'' Professor in Metallurgy at Cambridge University from 1931 to 1942 and known for his work with the Society for the Protection of Science and Learning in assisting academics to flee the Nazi regime in Germany.	Robert Hutton	5 August 1970
date of death	Pierre de L'Estoile (1546 -- 8 October 1611) was a Parisian diarist and collector.	Pierre de L'Estoile	8 October 1611
date of death	William Wilson Kettle (21 September 1860 -- 25 January 1963) was a Canadian centenarian.	Wilson Kettle	25 January 1963
date of death	Claude-Antoine de Bermen de La Martinière (12 July 1700 -- 24 December 1761) was a Quebec born son of Claude de Bermen de la Martinière.	Claude-Antoine de Bermen de La Martinière	24 December 1761
date of death	Frank Grouard (also known as Frank Gruard) (20 September 1850 -- 15 August 1905) was a Scout and interpreter for General George Crook during the American Indian War of 1876.	Frank Grouard	15 August 1905
date of death	K. M. Daniel (9 May 1920 -- 18 July 1988) was an Indian literary critic and scholar from Kerala, India.	K. M. Daniel	18 July 1988
date of death	John Poppitt (20 January 1923 -- 12 February 2014) was an English footballer who played in The Football League for Derby County and Queens Park Rangers.	John Poppitt	12 February 2014
date of death	William Francis Finlason (1818--1895) was an English journalist and legal writer.	William Francis Finlason	1895
date of death	Salim Ben Ali Al-Qasimi (1918? 2002) served as prime minister of Comoros under President Ahmed Abdallah from December 22, 1978 until February 8, 1982.	Salim Ben Ali	2002
date of death	Saint Bonifacia Rodríguez y Castro, S.S.J., (6 June 1837 -- 8 August 1905) was the co-foundress of the Religious Congregation of the Servants of St. Joseph, who developed the ``Nazareth workshop'' as both a new format for consecrated life and to help poor and unemployed women.	Bonifacia Rodríguez y Castro	8 August 1905
date of death	Sir Douglas Veale CBE (2 April 1891 -- 27 September 1973) was a British civil servant and university administrator, who served as Registrar of the University of Oxford from 1930 to 1958.	Douglas Veale	27 September 1973
date of death	Zachary Langton (1698--1788) was an English divine.	Zachary Langton	1788
date of death	Irina Nijinska (20 November 1913 - 2 July 1991) was a Russian-born ballet dancer.	Irina Nijinska	2 July 1991
date of death	Claudio Carosino, MD (12 March 1951 -- 24 October 2010) was an Italian general practitioner and family physician, tutor and mentor engaged in rural medicine.	Claudio Carosino	24 October 2010
date of death	Christen Winther Obel (1800-1860) was a Danish businessman who contributed to Aalborg's prosperity in the 19th century by successfully developing the family's tobacco business founded in 1787.	Christen Winther Obel	1860
date of death	Christopher Frimann Omsen (11 December 1761 -- 25 April 1829) was a Norwegian ``Founding Father'' and later Supreme Court Justice.	Christopher Frimann Omsen	25 April 1829
date of death	Edward La Trobe Bateman (8 January 1816 -- 1897) was a pre-Raphaelite watercolour painter, book illuminator, draughtsman and garden designer.	Edward La Trobe Bateman	1897
date of death	Ferdinand Grossmann (4 July 1887 -- 5 December 1970) was an Austrian choral conductor, vocal teacher and composer .	Ferdinand Grossmann	5 December 1970
date of death	Aloisio Gardellini (August 4, 1759 in Rome -- October 8, 1829) was an Italian editor and compiler of religious documents.	Aloisio Gardellini	1829
date of death	Jean Baptiste Morel or Jan Baptist Morel (1662 -- 1732) was a Flemish still life painter who specialized in flower pieces and garlands.	Jean Baptiste Morel	1732
date of death	George Alexander Stevens (1710 -- 6 September 1780) was an English actor, playwright, poet, and songwriter.	George Alexander Stevens	6 September 1780
date of death	Tikkana (or Tikkana Somayaji) (1205--1288) was born into a family of Shaivite family during the Golden Age of the Kakatiya dynasty.	Tikkana	1288
date of death	Vladimír Padrůněk (17 February 1952 -- 30 August 1991) is a Czech rock bass guitarist.	Vladimír Padrůněk	30 August 1991
date of death	Lady Louisa Stuart (12 August 1757 -- 4 August 1851) was a British writer of the 18th and 19th centuries.	Lady Louisa Stuart	4 August 1851
date of death	Johann Christian Gottlieb Graupner (1767--1836) was a musician, composer, educator and publisher.	Gottlieb Graupner	1836
date of death	Rico Tomaso (1898 in Chicago, Illinois -- 1985 in New York, New York) was an illustrator and painter.	Rico Tomaso	1985
date of death	Bhupendranath Datta (4 September 1880 -- 25 December 1961) was an Indian revolutionary and later a noted sociologist.	Bhupendranath Datta	25 December 1961
date of death	Phraya Phahonphonphayuhasena (Thai: พระยาพหลพลพยุหเสนา, Thai pronunciation: (pʰrá.jaː.pʰá.hǒn.pʰon.pʰá.jú.hà.sě.naː)), 29 March 1887 -- 14 February 1947), short Phraya Phahon, born as Phot Phahonyothin (Thai: พจน์ พหลโยธิน), was a Thai military leader and politician.	Phraya Phahonphonphayuhasena	14 February 1947
date of death	Horace Walter Gilbert (1855-1928) was an English landscape painter during the Victorian era, and a member of the Williams family of painters.	Horace Walter Gilbert	1928
date of death	Geneviève de Brunelle, Marquise de Combray (1742--1823), was a French counter-revolutionary and royalist during the French Revolution and the first empire.	Geneviève de Brunelle	1823
date of death	Johannes Andreas August Grabau (March 18, 1804--June 2, 1879) was an influential German-American Old Lutheran pastor and theologian.	Johannes Andreas August Grabau	1879
date of death	Charles Edmund Raven (1876--1940) was an Ontario merchant and political figure.	Charles Edmund Raven	1940
date of death	Edmund Różycki (born January 13, 1827 in Volhynia, died 1893 in Kraków) was a Polish general in the January Uprising, and the overall commander of the uprising in Volhynia and Podolia.	Edmund Różycki	1893
date of death	Albrecht von Kalckstein (4 November 1592 -- 26 May 1667) was a Prussian count, Lieutenant General and opponent of Frederick William, Elector of Brandenburg.	Albrecht von Kalckstein	26 May 1667
date of death	George Selway (21 February 1924 - May 1994) was a British actor who had a lengthy career in film and television.	George Selway	May 1994
date of death	Gladstone Porteous died of Typhus in Salaowu (also known as Sayingpan) on 10 November 1944.	Gladstone Porteous	November 1944
date of death	Johan Hjalmar Théel (14 June 1848 -- 20 July 1937) was a Swedish zoologist and university professor.	Johan Hjalmar Théel	20 July 1937
date of death	Antun Augustinčić (4 May 1900 -- 10 May 1979) was a prominent Croatian sculptor active in Yugoslavia.	Antun Augustinčić	10 May 1979
date of death	Anton Heinrich Hermann Fassl (1876-1922, Manaos) was a German entomologist.	Anton Heinrich Hermann Fassl	1922
date of death	Maggy Rouff (1896--1971) was a French fashion designer of Belgian origin.	Maggy Rouff	1971
date of death	Ole Ernst Pedersen (16 May 1940 -- 1 September 2013) was a Danish actor, active on stage, TV and film.	Ole Ernst	1 September 2013
date of death	Ignaz von Szyszyłowicz (30 July 1857 -- 17 February 1910) also known as Ignacy Szyszyłowicz was a Polish botanist born in Granica (Kielce).	Ignaz von Szyszyłowicz	17 February 1910
date of death	James G. Wilson (1915--1987) was an embryologist and anatomist, known for his Six Principles of Teratology.	James G. Wilson	1987
date of death	Robert Talbott Miller III or Bob Miller (April 5, 1910 -- January 1999) was an American citizen who worked in the United States Office of the Coordinator of Inter-American Affairs during World War II. He was alleged to be part of the Soviet espionage group known as the ``Golos ring''.	Robert Talbott Miller	1999
date of death	Jan of Cieszyn (Polish: Jan cieszyński; 1339/40 -- after 18 May 1359), was a Polish prince, member of the Piast dynasty in the Cieszyn branch.	Jan of Cieszyn	1359
date of death	Kishore Te (Tamil: கிஷோர்) (24 March 1978 - 6 March 2015) was an Indian film editor.	Kishore Te	6 March 2015
date of death	Rowland Lockey (c. 1565--1616) was an English painter and goldsmith.	Rowland Lockey	1616
date of death	Eliza Meteyard (1816--1879) was an English writer.	Eliza Meteyard	1879
date of death	Jean Goldschmit (20 February 1924 -- 14 February 1994) was a professional Luxembourgian road bicycle racer.	Jean Goldschmit	14 February 1994
date of death	Henry Septimus Sutton (1825--1901) was an English journalist and temperance activist, known as a religious poet.	Henry Septimus Sutton	1901
date of death	Stacey Tendeter (21 June 1949 -- 26 October 2008) was a British actress best known for her performance as Muriel in the 1971 film Two English Girls.	Stacey Tendeter	26 October 2008
date of death	Professor Dr. Robert Eberan von Eberhorst (23 October 1902--14 March 1982), later known as Robert Eberan-Eberhorst, was a noted Austrian engineer, who designed the Auto Union Type D Grand Prix motor racing car.	Robert Eberan von Eberhorst	1982
date of death	General Flower Mocher (c. 1729 -- 18 July 1801), was a British army officer who served 50 years in the cavalry.	Flower Mocher	18 July 1801
date of death	John Hope Smith (died 15 March 1831) was an English Colonial Head of the Gold Coast (now Ghana) as Governor of the Committee of Merchants of the Gold Coast from 19 January 1817 until 27 March 1822.	John Hope Smith	15 March 1831
date of death	Richard Senhouse (died 1626) was an English churchman, Bishop of Carlisle from 1624 to 1626.	Richard Senhouse	1626
date of death	Abel Pifre (1852-1928), was a French engineer who developed the first solar power printing press.	Abel Pifre	1928
date of death	Frederic Boase (1843--1916) was an English librarian and biographer.	Frederic Boase	1916
date of death	Helen Thomas Dranga (1865--1940), who is also known as Carrie Helen Dranga, was an American painter who made paintings of Hawaii.	Helen Thomas Dranga	1940
date of death	Gonzalo de Olavide y Casenave (28 March 1934 -- 4 November 2005) was a Spanish composer born in Madrid.	Gonzalo de Olavide	4 November 2005
date of death	Helen D'Arcy Stewart (née Cranstoun; 1765--1838) was Scottish poet and a noted Edinburgh society hostess of the late 18th and early 19th century, as wife to Dugald Stewart, an influential Scottish philosopher and mathematician best known for popularizing the Scottish Enlightenment.	Helen D'Arcy Stewart	1838
date of death	Alexander Hamilton, 10th Duke of Hamilton, 7th Duke of Brandon KG PC FRS FSA (3 October 1767 -- 18 August 1852) was a Scottish politician and art collector.	Alexander Hamilton, 10th Duke of Hamilton	18 August 1852
date of death	William Michael Berry, Baron Hartwell MBE (18 May 1911 -- 3 April 2001), was a British newspaper proprietor and journalist.	Michael Berry, Baron Hartwell	3 April 2001
date of death	Bobby Beasley (26 August 1935 -- 9 January 2008) was an Irish jockey and horse trainer.	Bobby Beasley	9 January 2008
date of death	Edward Joseph Hansom (22 October 1842 -- 27 May 1900) was an English Victorian architect who specialised in ecclesiastical buildings in Gothic Revival style, including many Roman Catholic churches.	Edward Joseph Hansom	27 May 1900
date of death	Eric Huxtable (27 October 1908 - 10 October 1990) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton in the VFL during the 1930s and briefly with South Melbourne in the early 1940s.	Eric Huxtable	10 October 1990
date of death	Penny Dwyer (born Penelope Rosemary Dwyer; 24 September 1953 -- 4 September 2003) was a British comedy writer and performer, noted for being a member of the Cambridge Footlights revue The Cellar Tapes which won the inaugural Perrier Comedy Awards in 1981.	Penny Dwyer	4 September 2003
date of death	Zhao Shangzhi (simplified Chinese: 赵尚志; traditional Chinese: 趙尚志; pinyin: Zhào Shàngzhì; 1908 - 1942) was a Chinese military commander.	Zhao Shangzhi	1942
date of death	Lord William Hamilton (c. 1706 - 11 July 1734) was a member of Parliament for Lanarkshire.	Lord William Hamilton	11 July 1734
date of death	Francis Folliott (1667--1701) was an Irish Member of Parliament.	Francis Folliott	1701
date of death	Charles Boyle, 3rd Viscount Dungarvan, 3rd Baron Clifford, FRS (bapt. 12 December 1639 -- 12 October 1694), was a British peer and politician.	Charles Boyle, 3rd Viscount Dungarvan	12 October 1694
date of death	Shirley Crabtree, Jr (14 November 1930 -- 2 December 1997), better known as Big Daddy, was an English professional wrestler with a record-breaking 64 inch chest.	Shirley Crabtree	2 December 1997
date of death	Arnold Kendall (6 April 1925 -- 12 December 2003) was an English professional footballer who played as a winger.	Arnold Kendall	12 December 2003
date of death	John Charles Herries PC (November 1778 -- 24 April 1855), known as J. C. Herries, was a British politician and financier and a frequent member of Tory and Conservative cabinets in the early to mid 19th century.	John Charles Herries	24 April 1855
date of death	Erich Leo Lehmann (20 November 1917 -- 12 September 2009) was an American statistician, who made a major contribution to nonparametric hypothesis testing.	Erich Leo Lehmann	12 September 2009
date of death	Rigmor Andersen (11 December 1903, Aarhus - 10 March 1995, Søllerød) was a versatile Danish designer, educator and author.	Rigmor Andersen	10 March 1995
date of death	Adam Drummond (31 January 1713 -- 17 June 1786), 11th of Lennoch and 4th of Megginch in Perthshire, was a Scottish merchant, banker and Member of Parliament.	Adam Drummond	17 June 1786
date of death	Samuel Fisher Lafone (Liverpool, 1805 -- Buenos Aires, 1871) was a British-born Uruguayan businessman.	Samuel Fisher Lafone	1871
date of death	Akbar Hussain Rizvi, popularly known as Akbar Allahabadi (Urdu: اكبر الہ آبادی ) (October, 1846 ; 15 February 1921), was an Indian Urdu poet.	Akbar Allahabadi	15 February 1921
date of death	Ummidia Cornificia Faustina (AD 141--182) was a wealthy Roman noblewoman, an heiress and the niece of the Roman Emperor Marcus Aurelius.	Ummidia Cornificia Faustina	182
date of death	Gustav Heynhold (or Gustav Heinhold, 1800--1860) was a German botanist who worked at the botanic gardens of Dresden and Frankfurt.	Gustav Heynhold	1860
date of death	Emil Rupp (Philipp Heinrich Emil Rupp, 1898--1979) was a German physicist, regarded by many as a respectable and important experimentalist in the late 1920s.	Emil Rupp	1979
date of death	Fred Mutch (21 November 1898 -- 11 November 1986) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Fred Mutch	11 November 1986
date of death	Eugene Bordinat, Jr. (10 February 1920 -- 11 August 1987) was a Ford Motor Company styling executive whose career spanned several decades.	Eugene Bordinat	11 August 1987
date of death	Dorothy Stevens (2 September 1888 -- 5 June 1966) was a Canadian etcher, portrait painter, print maker, illustrator and teacher, perhaps the most accomplished Canadian etcher of her day.	Dorothy Stevens	5 June 1966
date of death	Domenico Paolella (18 October 1915 - 7 October 2002) was an Italian director, screenwriter and journalist.	Domenico Paolella	7 October 2002
date of death	John Padgett (21 November 1860 -- 2 August 1943) was an English first-class cricketer, who played six matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club between 1882 and 1889, and one match for Lord Hawke's XI in 1889.	John Padgett	2 August 1943
date of death	Dr Phay Seng Whatt (died 2009) was the Chairman of Public Service Commission in Singapore from January 1962 to June 1975.	Phay Seng Whatt	2009
date of death	Ingebjørg Kasin Sandsdalen (6 September 1915 -- 4 September 2003) was a Norwegian poet and politician for the Christian Democratic Party.	Ingebjørg Kasin Sandsdalen	4 September 2003
date of death	Saint Mac Laisre mac Luighdeach (also called Mac Lasre, MacLaisre, M’Lasre, Macc-Laisre, mcLasre, M.Laisre) b. c.560 - d. 12 September 623, was the Bishop of Armagh, Ireland from 610 to 12 September 623.	Mac Laisre	12 September 623
date of death	Malik Muhammad Jayasi (Hindi: मलिक मोहम्मद जायसी) (1477--1542) was an Indian poet who wrote in the Avadhi dialect of Hindi.	Malik Muhammad Jayasi	1542
date of death	Veh Mihr Shapur was a Sasanian military officer and the first Marzban of Armenia from 428 to 442.	Veh Mihr Shapur	442
date of death	Scott Bloemendaal (11 September 1912 Rotterdam - 31 October 1964) was a Dutch composer, music critic and essayist.	Scott Bloemendaal	31 October 1964
date of death	Giles Collier (1622--1678), was an English divine.	Giles Collier	1678
date of death	Giorgio Gomelsky (28 February 1934 -- 13 January 2016) was a film maker, impresario, music manager, songwriter (as Oscar Rasputin) and record producer.	Giorgio Gomelsky	13 January 2016
date of death	Alexander Nicolson (1827--1893) was a Scottish lawyer and man of letters, known as a Gaelic scholar and sheriff-substitute of Kirkcudbright and Greenock, and as a pioneer of mountain climbing in Scotland.	Alexander Nicolson	1893
date of death	Josias Braun-Blanquet (3 August 1884 -- 20 September 1980) was an influential phytosociologist and botanist.	Josias Braun-Blanquet	20 September 1980
date of death	Raba bar Rav Huna was a Jewish Talmudist who lived in Babylonia, known as an amora of the third generation (died 322).	Raba bar Rav Huna	322
date of death	Angelo Sanudo (died 1262) was the second Duke of the Archipelago from 1227, when his father, Marco I, died, until his own death.	Angelo Sanudo	1262
date of death	Benjamin B. Hinkson (c. 1799 - March 1877) was the fourth Ohio Secretary of State.	Benjamin B. Hinkson	March 1877
date of death	Aert Jansse van Nes (1626 -- 13 or 14 September 1693) was a 17th-century Dutch naval commander, notable for commanding the second squadron in the raid on the Medway in 1667.	Aert Jansse van Nes	14 September 1693
date of death	Frederick of Montbéliard or Frederick of Mömpelgard (died 29 June 1091) was from a noble family in Lotharingia.	Frederick of Montbéliard	29 June 1091
date of death	Ahmad III ibn Abu Bakr was the Emir of Harar (1852--1866).	Ahmad III ibn Abu Bakr	1866
date of death	İhsan Ketin (April 10, 1914 -- December 16, 1995) was a Turkish earth scientist.	İhsan Ketin	1995
date of death	Ana Pelegrín (1938--2008) was an Argentine researcher, writer, and educator.	Ana Pelegrín	2008
date of death	Marcel Martí (1925--2010) was an Argentine-born sculptor of Catalan descent.	Marcel Martí	2010
date of death	Hekuran Isai (7 May 1933 in Peqin -- 26 March 2008 in Tirana) was an Albanian politician of the Albanian Party of Labour (PPSh).	Hekuran Isai	26 March 2008
date of death	Thomas Lionel Hodgkin (3 April 1910 -- 25 March 1982) was an English Marxist historian of Africa ``who did more than anyone to establish the serious study of African history'' in the UK.	Thomas Lionel Hodgkin	1982
date of death	Charles Schild (1902--1980) was an American inventor.	Charles Schild	1980
date of death	Adolph Klauber (29 April 1879 − 7 December 1933) was an American drama critic and theatrical producer.	Adolph Klauber	1933
date of death	Ernesto Galarza (August 15, 1905--June 22, 1984) was a Mexican-American labor activist, professor, poet, writer, and key figure in the history of immigrant farm worker organization in California.	Ernesto Galarza	1984
date of death	Alick-Maud Pledge (1893--1949) was an English folk dance and gymnastics teacher.	Alick-Maud Pledge	1949
date of death	Pope Felix IV (III) (died 22 September 530) served as the Pope of the Catholic Church from 12 July 526 to his death in 530.	Pope Felix IV	September 530
date of death	Eric Coutts (30 December 1913 -- 16 August 2001) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Eric Coutts	16 August 2001
date of death	Nellie Parker Spaulding (1870--1945) was an American silent film actress who appeared in at least 37 films between 1915 and 1925.	Nellie Parker Spaulding	1945
date of death	Sidney Louie Gunter Jr. (27 February 1925 -- 15 March 2013), known as Hardrock Gunter, was a singer, songwriter and guitarist whose music at the turn of the 1950s prefigured rock and roll and rockabilly music.	Hardrock Gunter	15 March 2013
date of death	Tom Jarvie (8 June 1916 -- 1 February 2011) was a Scottish professional footballer, veterinary surgeon and television personality	Tom Jarvie	1 February 2011
date of death	Richard Werner Lang (23 March 1922 -- 17 June 2013) was a German automotive engineer.	Werner Lang	17 June 2013
date of death	William Biggs (1804 - 3 October 1881) was a British politician and hosier.	William Biggs	3 October 1881
date of death	William Frederick Webb (March 1829 in Sussex -- 1899 in Africa) was a High Sheriff of Nottinghamshire and officer in the British army.	William Frederick Webb	1899
date of death	James Kempson (1742 -- 10 March 1822) was an English choirmaster, the founder of the Birmingham Musical and Amicable Society in 1762 and the Birmingham Triennial Music Festival in 1768.	James Kempson	10 March 1822
date of death	Saint Curcodomus (died ca. 680) was a Benedictine abbot and saint.	Curcodomus	680
date of death	Rahim Fahimuddin Dagar (2 February 1927 -- 27 July 2011) was an exponent of Dagar vani Dhrupad of Indian classical music.	Rahim Fahimuddin Dagar	27 July 2011
date of death	Aodh Ua Goirmghiallaigh, King of Partraige Cera, died 1206.	Aodh Ua Goirmghiallaigh	1206
date of death	Jacopo Gattilusio (or Giacomo; died 1428) was the third Lord of Lesbos.	Jacopo Gattilusio	1428
date of death	Frederick Jaeger (29 May 1928 -- 18 June 2004) was a German-born actor who found success working in British television.	Frederick Jaeger	18 June 2004
date of death	Bennet Woodcroft FRS (20 December 1803 -- 7 February 1879) was an English textile manufacturer, industrial archaeologist, pioneer of marine propulsion, a leading figure in patent reform and the first clerk to the commissioners of patents.	Bennet Woodcroft	7 February 1879
date of death	Joseph Trani (1538--1639) or Joseph di Trani was a Talmudist of the latter part of the 16th century who lived in Greece.	Joseph Trani	1639
date of death	Fernando Ureña Rib (21 March 1951 -- 27 December 2013) was a Dominican painter, whose career spanned four decades.	Fernando Ureña Rib	27 December 2013
date of death	Muhammad ibn Ahmad ibn Gazi (Arabic-مُحَمَّد إِبنُ أَحمَد إِبن غَازِي) (circa 1437 -- 1513) was a prominent mathematician from the Maghreb.	Muhammad ibn Ahmad ibn Gazi	1513
date of death	Sir Thomas Williams, 1st Baronet (c. 1621 - 1712) was an English medical doctor and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1675 to 1679.	Sir Thomas Williams, 1st Baronet	1712
date of death	Johan, or Jan Lagoor (1620 -- 1660), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Jan Lagoor	1660
date of death	Yolande Harmer (full name: Yolande Gabbai and then Yolande de-Botton) (1913--1959) (Hebrew name Yolande Har-Mor) ( Hebrew: יולנדה הארמר‎) maiden name) was an Israeli intelligence officer who operated in Egypt in 1948.	Yolande Harmer	1959
date of death	William Vaux, 3rd Baron Vaux of Harrowden (before 14 August 1535 -- 20 August 1595) was an English peer.	William Vaux, 3rd Baron Vaux of Harrowden	20 August 1595
date of death	Habib Painter or Habeeb Painter (1915 - February 22, 1987) was a noted Indian Qawwal and a folk singer.	Habib Painter	1987
date of death	Tong Guan (1054--1126), courtesy name Daofu (道夫), was a court eunuch, military general, political adviser, and Council of State to Emperor Huizong in the Song Dynasty.	Tong Guan	1126
date of death	Saluva Narasimha Deva Raya (r. 1486--1491 CE) (or Saluva Narasimha, Saluva Narasimha I ) was an emperor of the Vijayanagara Empire from the Saluva Dynasty.	Saluva Narasimha Deva Raya	1491
date of death	Colin McWilliam (1928--1989) was a British architecture academic and author.	Colin McWilliam	1989
date of death	Joseph Beldam (26 December 1795 -- 6 June 1866) was an English writer, historian and advocate of the abolition of slavery.	Joseph Beldam	6 June 1866
date of death	Ray Perry (February 25, 1915 -- 1950) was an American jazz violinist and saxophonist.	Ray Perry	1950
date of death	Paul Foelsche, ISO (30 March 1831 -- 31 January 1914) was a South Australian police officer and photographer born in Germany, remembered for his work in the Northern Territory of Australia from 1870 to 1904.	Paul Foelsche	31 January 1914
date of death	John Wolley (13 May 1823 -- 20 November 1859) was an English naturalist best known for his large collection of bird eggs and studies on the dodo and great auk.	John Wolley	20 November 1859
date of death	Philip Joseph, Prince of Salm-Kyrburg (1709--1779) was the first prince of Salm-Kyrburg, from 1743 to 1779.	Philip Joseph, Prince of Salm-Kyrburg	1779
date of death	Gordon Bowman (10 February 1927 -- 23 September 2013) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne and Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Gordon Bowman	23 September 2013
date of death	Rochus Gliese (6 January 1891 -- 22 December 1978) was a German actor, director, production designer, and Academy Award-nominated art director of early films from the 1910s and 1920s.	Rochus Gliese	22 December 1978
date of death	Léopold Louis-Dreyfus (5 March 1833 - 9 April 1915) was a French businessman, founder of the Louis Dreyfus Group and patriarch of the Louis-Dreyfus family.	Léopold Louis-Dreyfus	9 April 1915
date of death	John Wycliffe Lowes Forster (31 December 1850 -- 24 April 1938) was a Canadian artist specializing in portraits, particularly those relating to Canadian history.	John Wycliffe Lowes Forster	24 April 1938
date of death	Tommy Potts (1912--1988) was an Irish fiddle player and composer from Dublin who gained iconic status in traditional Irish music circles for his virtuoso musicianship.	Tommy Potts	1988
date of death	Homa Nategh (1935 -- 1 January 2016) was an Iranian historian, Professor of History at Tehran University.	Homa Nategh	1 January 2016
date of death	Jacqueline Mazéas (10 October 1920 -- 9 July 2012) was a French athlete who competed mainly in the discus event.	Jacqueline Mazéas	9 July 2012
date of death	Milan Nedić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Недић; 2 September 1878 -- 4 February 1946) was a Serbian Nazi collaborator, general and politician.	Milan Nedić	4 February 1946
date of death	Thomas Hubbard Sumner (20 March 1807 -- 9 March 1876) was a sea captain during the 19th century.	Thomas Hubbard Sumner	9 March 1876
date of death	John Lovelace, 3rd Baron Lovelace (1641 -- 27 September 1693) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1661 to 1670 when he inherited the peerage as Baron Lovelace.	John Lovelace, 3rd Baron Lovelace	27 September 1693
date of death	Carlo II Tocco (died 1448) was the ruler of Epirus from 1429 until his death.	Carlo II Tocco	1448
date of death	Herbert Lee Waters (1902--1997) was an American photographer and filmmaker.	Herbert Lee Waters	1997
date of death	Thomas O'Connor (born Dublin, Ireland; died 30 June 1987), also known as Tommy O'Connor or Tom O'Connor, was an Irish footballer who played for Shamrock Rovers.	Tommy O'Connor	30 June 1987
date of death	Vincenzo dal Prato (1756--1828) was an Italian castrato singer, famous for his work with Mozart.	Vincenzo dal Prato	1828
date of death	Erminie Wheeler-Voegelin (2 April 1903 -- 10 July 1988) was an anthropologist, folklorist, and ethnohistorian.	Erminie Wheeler-Voegelin	10 July 1988
date of death	Sixto Adalberto Tejeda Olivares (born 28 March 1883 in Chicontepec de Tejeda, Veracruz--died 8 September 1960) was a Mexican politician, who served two terms (1920--1924 and 1928--1932) as Governor of Veracruz.	Adalberto Tejeda Olivares	8 September 1960
date of death	Karl Klindworth (25 September 1830 -- 27 July 1916) was a German composer, pianist, conductor, violinist and music publisher.	Karl Klindworth	27 July 1916
date of death	Sng Boh Khim (5 February 1950 -- 29 August 2006) was a Singaporean poet, particularly notable in the 1970s.	Sng Boh Khim	29 August 2006
date of death	Muriel Angelus (10 March 1912 -- 26 June 2004) was an English stage, musical theatre and film actress.	Muriel Angelus	26 June 2004
date of death	Johan Willem Emile Louis Hilgers (19 December 1886 -- 21 July 1945), more commonly known as Jan Hilgers or John Hilgers, was an Indo (Eurasian) aviator and one of the leading pioneers of Dutch aviation.	Jan Hilgers	21 July 1945
date of death	Princess Maria Theresia of Liechtenstein (Maria Theresia Anna Felicitas; 11 May 1694 -- 20 February 1772) was the heiress to the Silesian Duchy of Troppau (now Opava in Czech Republic).	Princess Maria Theresia of Liechtenstein	20 February 1772
date of death	After a brief illness, Dwarkanath Tagore died ``at the peak of his fortune'' on the evening of Saturday 1 August 1846 at the St. George's Hotel in London during a tremendous thunderstorm the likes of which had not been seen for many years past.	Dwarkanath Tagore	1 August 1846
date of death	Alvin Clarence Thomas (November 30, 1893 -- May 19, 1974) was an American gambler, golfer and hustler better known as Titanic Thompson.	Titanic Thompson	1974
date of death	Iacopo VI Appiani (1539 -- 15 May 1585) was the lord of Piombino from 1545 until his death, although he was expelled from his state between 1548 and 1557.	Iacopo VI Appiani	15 May 1585
date of death	Maria Graham (19 July 1785 -- 21 November 1842), later Maria, Lady Callcott, was a British writer of travel books and children's books, and also an accomplished illustrator.	Maria Graham	21 November 1842
date of death	John Foulston (1772 -- 30 December 1841) was an English architect who was a pupil of Thomas Hardwick and set up a practice in London in 1796.	John Foulston	30 December 1841
date of death	Kenneth George Hall, AO, OBE (22 February 1901 -- 8 February 1994), better known as Ken G. Hall, was an Australian film producer director, considered one of the most important figures in the history of the Australian film industry.	Ken G. Hall	8 February 1994
date of death	Maharaja Jhanda Singh Dhillon (died 1774) was a famous royal Sikh warrior of the late 18th century.	Jhanda Singh Dhillon	1774
date of death	Gabriele Manfredi (25 March 1681 -- 13 October 1761) was an Italian mathematician who undertook important work in the field of calculus.	Gabriele Manfredi	13 October 1761
date of death	Bhakta Bir Singh Tuladhar (Devanagari: भक्तवीरसिंह तुलाधर) (1912 - 1989) was a Nepalese merchant and philanthropist.	Bhakta Bir Singh Tuladhar	1989
date of death	Rev Henry Hickman (1629-1692) was an English ejected minister and controversialist, and some time pastor of the English church at Leyden.	Henry Hickman	1692
date of death	George Featherstone (5 June 1889 -- 1 January 1966) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	George Featherstone	1 January 1966
date of death	Miguel de Bonilla y Laya-Bolívar (1763--1826) was a Costa Rican Roman Catholic priest and politician.	Miguel de Bonilla y Laya-Bolívar	1826
date of death	William Prout FRS (15 January 1785 -- 9 April 1850) was an English chemist, physician, and natural theologian.	William Prout	9 April 1850
date of death	Milica Branković (died 1464) was the first wife of Leonardo III Tocco, whom she married on 1 May 1463.	Milica Branković	1464
date of death	Reece Winstone FRPS (1909--1991) was an English photographer from Bristol.	Reece Winstone	1991
date of death	William Exmew, O.Cart., (died Tyburn, 19 June 1535) was an English Catholic priest and Carthusian hermit.	William Exmew	19 June 1535
date of death	Harmesh Malhotra (14 June 1936 -- 22 November 2005) was an Indian film director, producer & screenplay writer.	Harmesh Malhotra	22 November 2005
date of death	Uroš Knežević (2 January 1811 -- 21 October 1876) (Урош Кнежевић) was a Serbian painter.	Uroš Knežević	21 October 1876
date of death	Emīlija Gudriniece (Russian: Эмилия Юлиановна Гудриниеце; 3 August 1920 -- 4 October 2004) was a Latvian chemist who specialized in organic synthesis.	Emīlija Gudriniece	4 October 2004
date of death	Arnold Wienholt (25 November 1877 -- 10 September 1940) was an Australian grazier, author and politician.	Arnold Wienholt	10 September 1940
date of death	Doug Dench (29 January 1930 -- 19 August 2012) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Doug Dench	19 August 2012
date of death	Johann Georg von Werdenstein (1542--1608), canon of Augsburg and Eichstätt, was the owner of a very substantial library consisting of tens of thousands of books.	Johann Georg von Werdenstein	1608
date of death	Berke Khan (died 1266) (also Birkai; Mongolian: Бэрх хаан, Tatar: Бәркә хан) was the ruler of the Golden Horde (division of the Mongol Empire) who effectively consolidated the power of the Blue Horde and White Hordes from 1257 to 1266.	Berke	1266
date of death	Gustave Loehr (1864--1918) was one of the four founders of Rotary International, one of the premier service organizations of the world.	Gustave Loehr	1918
date of death	George William Lockhart (real name Locker, 1849 - 24 January 1904) was a Victorian era elephant trainer.	George William Lockhart	1904
date of death	Viola Tree (17 July 1884 -- 15 November 1938) was an English actress, singer, playwright and author.	Viola Tree	15 November 1938
date of death	Lord Charles Arthur Francis Cavendish (5 August 1905 -- 23 March 1944) was the second son of Victor Cavendish, 9th Duke of Devonshire and his wife Lady Evelyn Emily Mary Petty-FitzMaurice.	Lord Charles Arthur Francis Cavendish	23 March 1944
date of death	Hugo Conrad von Hötzendorf (c.1807, Darda (?) - 28 February 1869, Osijek) was a Croatian painter and art instructor of German ancestry .	Hugo Conrad von Hötzendorf	1869
date of death	Gopal Raju (3 January 1928 -- 10 April 2008) was an Indian-born American publisher, editor, journalist, businessman and philanthropist.	Gopal Raju	10 April 2008
date of death	Ong Eng Guan (Chinese: 王永元; pinyin: Wáng Yǒngyuán; b. 1925, Malacca, Malaya--d. 2008) was a Singaporean politician.	Ong Eng Guan	2008
date of death	Natan Ilyich Zabara (1908-1975) was a Jewish writer born in Rogachev, a shtetl located in the Zhytomyr area of Ukraine.	Natan Ilyich Zabara	1975
date of death	James Riker (New York City, May 11, 1822 -- 1889) was a New York historian and genealogist.	James Riker	1889
date of death	John George Will (died on 25 March 1917, aged 24) was a Scottish rugby union player.	John George Will	25 March 1917
date of death	Herman V, Margrave of Baden-Baden (c. 1180 -- 16 January 1243) ruled Verona and Baden from 1190 until his death.	Herman V, Margrave of Baden-Baden	1243
date of death	Patrick Moylett (1878--1973) was a 20th-century Irish nationalist who, during the initial armistice negotiations to end the Irish War of Independence, briefly served as president of the Irish Republican Brotherhood during late-1920.	Patrick Moylett	1973
date of death	Thomas Shillington (9 May 1835--24 January 1925) was an Irish factory owner and politician.	Thomas Shillington	24 January 1925
date of death	George Mason Graham (21 August 1807 -- 31 January 1891), often called the ``Father of LSU,'' was the first Chairman of the board of trustees of the Louisiana State Seminary of Learning, the forerunner of Louisiana State University.	George Mason Graham	31 January 1891
date of death	Charlie Gaudion (14 April 1904 -- 10 October 1979) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray and North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Charlie Gaudion	10 October 1979
date of death	Henry Noll (1871--1925) was a resident of Bethlehem, Pennsylvania made famous in a (fictionalized and error-riddled) anecdote used by Frederick Winslow Taylor to illustrate his theories of scientific management.	Henry Noll	1925
date of death	Sergeant Howard Eugene Beagle (31 January 1946 in Glens Falls, New York -- 11 April 1967) was a medical corpsman who served in the Vietnam War.	Howard Eugene Beagle	11 April 1967
date of death	Dr. Jean Deleage Ph.D. (1940--2011) was an early venture capital investor responsible for the founding or co-founding of three notable venture capital firms since 1971:	Jean Deleage	2011
date of death	Cathassach mac Lurgain (or Cathassach mac Fíachnai) (died 668) was a Dal nAraide king of the Cruithne in Ulaid (Ulster).	Cathassach mac Lurgain	668
date of death	Varqá (Arabic: ورقا‎, born Mírzá `Alí-Muhammad (Persian: ميرزا علي محمد‎‎); died 1896) was an eminent follower of Bahá'u'lláh, the founder of the Bahá'í Faith.	Varqá	1896
date of death	Alberto Terrones (Spanish pronunciation: (alˈβerto teˈrones); 1894 -- 1957) was an Argentine film and theater actor, with an extense filmography.	Alberto Terrones	1957
date of death	Robert Raynolds McMath (1891 - 1962) was a U.S. solar astronomer.	Robert Raynolds McMath	1962
date of death	David Barclay of Cheapside (1682--1769) was a Scottish merchant and banker.	David Barclay of Cheapside	1769
date of death	Benjamin Furly (1636--1714) was an English Quaker merchant and friend of John Locke.	Benjamin Furly	1714
date of death	Elimar Klebs (15 October 1852 -- 16 May 1918) was a German historian of ancient history.	Elimar Klebs	16 May 1918
date of death	Lionel Wafer (1640--1705) was a Welsh explorer, buccaneer and privateer.	Lionel Wafer	1705
date of death	William Paulet Carey (1759--21 May 1839) was an Irish art critic and publicist, known also as an engraver and dealer.	William Paulet Carey	1839
date of death	James Wollaston (1873 -- December 1918) was an English footballer who played in the Football Alliance for Small Heath.	James Wollaston	December 1918
date of death	Frans Hendrik Odendaal (1898--1966) (known as Fox Odendaal) was a South African politician, governor of the Transvaal province, best remembered for heading the commission that became known by his last name.	Fox Odendaal	1966
date of death	Flight Lieutenant ``Wally'' Henry Wallace McLeod DSO, DFC and Bar RCAF (17 December 1915 -- 27 September 1944) was a Canadian who flew for the RCAF as a fighter pilot during the Second World War.	Henry Wallace McLeod	27 September 1944
date of death	Ruth Elfriede Hildner (1 November 1919 -- 2 May 1947) was a guard at several Nazi concentration camps during World War II. Hildner was conscripted into camp service in July 1944, arriving at Ravensbrück concentration camp to be trained as a camp matron.	Ruth Elfriede Hildner	2 May 1947
date of death	Paddy Scanlan (6 September 1896 -- 1 January 1977) was an Australian rules footballer who played with and coached South Melbourne and Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Paddy Scanlan	1 January 1977
date of death	Abul-Ḥasan Bahmanyār ibn Marzubān Salari 'Ajamī Aḍarbāyijānī, known as Bahmanyār (died 1067) from sallarid dynasty , was a famous pupil of Avicenna.	Bahmanyār	1067
date of death	Edward Ermatinger (February 1797 -- October 1876) was a Canadian fur trader, businessman and political figure.	Edward Ermatinger	1876
date of death	Sir Edward Seymour Hicks (30 January 1871 -- 6 April 1949), better known as Seymour Hicks, was a British actor, music hall performer, playwright, screenwriter, actor-manager and producer.	Seymour Hicks	6 April 1949
date of death	Essad Pasha Toptani or Esad Pasha Toptani (Albanian: Esad Pashë Toptani; c. 1863 -- 13 June 1920), primarily known as Essad Pasha, was an Ottoman army officer who served as Albanian deputy in the Ottoman parliament.	Essad Pasha Toptani	13 June 1920
date of death	Marcel Auguste Denise (February 3, 1906 -- 1991) was a ``President of the provisional government'' of Côte d'Ivoire during the colonial and autonomous period.	Auguste Denise	1991
date of death	Sir Alexander Cunningham KCIE CSI (23 January 1814 -- 28 November 1893) was a British army engineer with the Bengal Engineer Group who later took an interest in the history and archaeology of India which led to his appointment in 1861 to the newly created position of archaeological surveyor to the government of India.	Alexander Cunningham	28 November 1893
date of death	Shlomo Hestrin (Hebrew שלמה הסטרין ; born 1914; died 2 February 1962) was an Israeli biochemist.	Shlomo Hestrin	2 February 1962
date of death	Thomas Embling (26 August 1814 -- 17 January 1893) was a doctor from the United Kingdom who took an interest in the humane treatment of inmates in asylums before emigrating to Melbourne, Australia where he set about reforming the Yarra Bend Asylum.	Thomas Embling	17 January 1893
date of death	Eric Percival ``Percy'' Trewern (1895-1959) was an architect who was known professionally as E. P. Trewern.	E. P. Trewern	1959
date of death	Sir John Puckering (1544 in Flamborough, Yorkshire -- 30 April 1596) was a lawyer, politician, Speaker of the English House of Commons, and Lord Keeper from 1592 until his death.	John Puckering	30 April 1596
date of death	Sumati Kshetramade (Devanagari: सुमती क्षेत्रमाडे) (7 March 1913 -- 1997) was an India Marathi writer from Maharashtra.	Sumati Kshetramade	1997
date of death	Ren Bishi (simplified Chinese: 任弼时; traditional Chinese: 任弼時; pinyin: Rén Bìshí; 30 April 1904 -- 27 October 1950) was a military and political leader in the early Chinese Communist Party.	Ren Bishi	27 October 1950
date of death	Thomas Walkington (died 1621) was an English cleric and author.	Thomas Walkington	1621
date of death	Sir Thomas Wilkes (c.1545 -- 2 March 1598 (N.S in Rouen)) was an English civil servant and diplomat during the reign of Elizabeth I of England.	Thomas Wilkes	1598
date of death	Walter Colman (1600--1645) was an English Franciscan friar.	Walter Colman	1645
date of death	Alexander Mavrocordatos (Greek: Ἀλέξανδρος Μαυροκορδάτος; 1636 -- 23 December 1709) was a member of the Greek Mavrocordatos family, a doctor of philosophy and medicine of the University of Bologna, and dragoman to Sultan Mehmed IV in 1673 -- notably employed in negotiations with the Habsburg Monarchy during the Great Turkish War.	Alexander Mavrocordatos	23 December 1709
date of death	Perctarit (also Berthari) (died 688) was king of the Lombards from 661 to 662 the first time and later from 671 to 688.	Perctarit	688
date of death	Sir George Hare Philipson, M.D., F.R.C.P. (18 May 1836 -- 24 January 1918) was an English physician knighted in 1900.	George Hare Philipson	24 January 1918
date of death	Mulla Mahmud Jaunpuri (1606--1651) was an important Indian natural philosopher and astronomer of the 16th century.	Mulla Mahmud Jaunpuri	1651
date of death	Charles Warren Greene (1840 -- 1920) was an American journalist and author, born in Belchertown, Massachusetts.	Charles Warren Greene	1920
date of death	Sir Jamsetjee Jejeebhoy, 1st Baronet (15 July 1783 -- 14 April 1859), also spelt Jeejeebhoy or Jeejebhoy, was a Parsi-Indian merchant and philanthropist.	Jamsetjee Jejeebhoy	14 April 1859
date of death	George Procter Hawtrey (1847--1910) was a British actor, playwright and pageantmaster.	George Procter Hawtrey	1910
date of death	Joan Bocher (died 2 May 1550 Smithfield, London) was an English Anabaptist burned at the stake for heresy.	Joan Bocher	2 May 1550
date of death	Eva Heinitz (1907--2001) was a German musician, best known as a cellist but also highly acclaimed for her recordings on the viola da gamba.	Eva Heinitz	2001
date of death	Abdu al-Hamuli (1836 -- May 12, 1901) (Arabic: عبده الحامولي‎) was an Egyptian musician.	Abdu al-Hamuli	1901
date of death	John Blakiston-Houston DL JP (11 September 1829 -- 27 February 1920) was an Irish Member of parliament.	John Blakiston-Houston	27 February 1920
date of death	Bob de Moor is the pen name of Robert Frans Marie De Moor (20 December 1925 -- 26 August 1992), a Belgian comics creator.	Bob de Moor	26 August 1992
date of death	Stan Paterson died on 8 October 2013, at Campbell River, Vancouver Island, Canada.	Stan Paterson	8 October 2013
date of death	Michael Clements (died 1796?) was a captain in the Royal Navy.	Michael Clements	1796
date of death	Jeffery Ekins D.D. (died 1791) was an English churchman, Dean of Carlisle Cathedral from 1782.	Jeffery Ekins	1791
date of death	David Paltenghi (1919 - 4 February 1961) was a British ballet dancer, choreographer, director and film director.	David Paltenghi	4 February 1961
date of death	Ganesh Lal Shrestha (Devanagari: गणेशलाल श्रेष्ठ) (July 1911 -- 24 July 1985) was a Nepalese poet, musician and social worker.	Ganesh Lal Shrestha	24 July 1985
date of death	Luc Melua (French: Luc Méloua, Georgian: ლუკა მელუა; 27 December 1936 -- 17 December 2010) was a French motorist and journalist.	Luc Melua	17 December 2010
date of death	Henry Peters (c. 1763 -- 21 December 1827) was the Member of Parliament for Oxford from May 1796 to 1802.	Henry Peters	1827
date of death	Constantijn à Renesse (1626 -- 1680), was a Dutch Golden Age painter and pupil of Rembrandt.	Constantijn à Renesse	1680
date of death	Josephine Phelan (1905--1979), Canadian writer and librarian, won the Governor General's Award for English-language non-fiction in 1951 for The Ardent Exile, a biography of Thomas D'Arcy McGee.	Josephine Phelan	1979
date of death	Abibatu Mogaji, MFR, OON (October 1917--June 2013) was a Nigerian Business magnate and the President-General, Association of Nigerian Market Women and Men.	Abibatu Mogaji	June 2013
date of death	Claudius Silvanus (died 7 September 355) was a Roman general of Frankish descent, usurper in Gaul against Emperor Constantius II for 28 days in AD 355.	Claudius Silvanus	7 September 355
date of death	Léon Bollack (1859 -- 1925) was a rich French trader who created The Blue Language or Bolak in 1899.	Léon Bollack	1925
date of death	Riccardo Morandi (1 September 1902 -- 25 December 1989) was an Italian civil engineer best known for his interesting use of reinforced concrete.	Riccardo Morandi	25 December 1989
date of death	James Curtis Booth (28 July 1810 -- 21 March 1888) was a United States chemist who was the melter and refiner at the U.S. Mint in Philadelphia for many years.	James Curtis Booth	21 March 1888
date of death	Yannick Andréi (18 February 1927--28 December 1987) was the alias of French film director and screenwriter Jean Antione Andréi.	Yannick Andréi	28 December 1987
date of death	Edward Emily (1617--1657) was an English physician and the first Harveian orator.	Edward Emily	1657
date of death	Paresh Lal Roy (Bengali: পরেশলাল রায়) (20 December 1893 -- 30 December 1979) was an Indian amateur boxer, credited with popularising the sport among Indians.	Paresh Lal Roy	30 December 1979
date of death	George Breinton (fl. 1413-1425) was an English politician.	George Breinton	1425
date of death	Sir Joseph Leigh (1841-22 September 1908), was a British Liberal Party politician and Cotton spinner.	Joseph Leigh	22 September 1908
date of death	Maha-Mandalaswara Birud-antembara-ganda Srimad Rajadhiraja Raja Paramaswara Apratima-vira Kathariya-salva Vairi-gaja-ganda-bherunda Raja Shri Bettada Chamaraja Wodeyar VI (21 April 1603 - 2 May 1637) or Chamaraja Wodeyar VI, was the Raja of Mysore (r. 1617 - 1637).	Chamaraja Wodeyar VI	2 May 1637
date of death	Chan Shu-woon (1921 -- 2004) was an educator in China, Hong Kong and the United States.	Chan Shu-woon	2004
date of death	John Neville, 4th Baron Latimer (1520 -- 22 April 1577) was an English peer, and the stepson of Katherine Parr, later the sixth wife of King Henry VIII.	John Neville, 4th Baron Latimer	22 April 1577
date of death	Alfred Pal (30 November 1920 -- 30 June 2010) was Croatian painter and graphic designer.	Alfred Pal	30 June 2010
date of death	Albert Aernoult (19 October 1886 -- 2 July 1909) was a French ditch digger.	Albert Aernoult	2 July 1909
date of death	Satyendra Coomaraswamy (1920 -- 15 January 1988) was a Sri Lankan first-class cricketer prior to his country being granted Test status.	Satyendra Coomaraswamy	15 January 1988
date of death	George Hay Forbes (1821--1875) was a priest of the Scottish Episcopal Church and the brother of Alexander Penrose Forbes, Bishop of Brechin.	George Hay Forbes	1875
date of death	Clément Haentjens (born 30 May 1847 - 16 January 1923), is a Haitian diplomat and politician.	Clément Haentjens	16 January 1923
date of death	Edward Topsell (circa 1572 -- 1625) was an English cleric and author best remembered for his bestiary.	Edward Topsell	1625
date of death	Guido Seborga, pseudonym of Guido Hess (Torino, 10 October 1909 -- Torino, 13 February 1990), was an Italian journalist, poet, painter and writer.	Guido Seborga	1990
date of death	William St Julien Arabin (1773--1841) was a British jurist who served as the United Kingdom Judge Advocate General for a three-and-a-half-month period (6 November 1838 -- 21 February 1839).	William St Julien Arabin	1841
date of death	John A. Moaney, Jr. (1914-1978) was born in Easton, Maryland.	John A. Moaney	1978
date of death	Anne Anjaiah (1905--1975) was an Indian freedom fighter and politician from the state of Andhra Pradesh.	Anne Anjaiah	1975
date of death	Ian Aston (14 October 1938 -- 10 November 1988) was an Australian rules football player in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ian Aston	10 November 1988
date of death	Dr Hanan Rubin (Hebrew: חנן רובין‎, born Hans Rubin on 10 August 1908, died 24 October 1962) was a German-born Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset between 1949 and 1962.	Hanan Rubin	24 October 1962
date of death	Leonid Zhdanov (Russian: Леонид Жданов) (1927-2009) was a Russian dancer and photographer.	Leonid Zhdanov	2009
date of death	Alfred Mitchell-Innes (30 June 1864 -- 13 February 1950) was a British diplomat, economist and author.	Alfred Mitchell-Innes	13 February 1950
date of death	Ralph Venning (c. 1621 -- 10 March 1673 or 1674) was an English nonconformist Christian.	Ralph Venning	1673
date of death	Anthony Dopping (Dublin, 1675--1743) was the Anglican Bishop of Ossory.	Anthony Dopping	1743
date of death	Daniel G. C. Wu (1883--1956), an Episcopal priest, became a leader among Chinese-Americans, especially in the San Francisco Bay Area.	Daniel G. C. Wu	1956
date of death	Lafayette Head (9 April 1825 -- 8 March 1897) was the first Lieutenant Governor of Colorado, serving from 1876 to 1879 under Governor John Long Routt.	Lafayette Head	8 March 1897
date of death	Alberto da Veiga Guignard ( 25 February 1896 -- 25 June 1962) was a Brazilian painter, known by painting the landscapes of Minas Gerais.	Alberto da Veiga Guignard	25 June 1962
date of death	Margaret Calderwood (1715 -- 1774) was a British diarist just after the Jacobite uprising in 1745.	Margaret Calderwood	1774
date of death	Karl Gerland (14 July 1905, Gottsbüren -- 21 April 1945) was a Nazi Gauleiter of Kurhessen.	Karl Gerland	1945
date of death	Hewitt Pantaleoni (1929--1988) was a twentieth-century ethnomusicologist, best known for his work on African music.	Hewitt Pantaleoni	1988
date of death	Margaret Polley (died 1555) was an English Protestant martyr from Popingberry, Rochester, Kent.	Margaret Polley	1555
date of death	Joshua Thomas (1719--1797) was a Welsh writer and Particular Baptist minister, known for his history of Welsh Baptists.	Joshua Thomas	1797
date of death	Alfred Ainger (9 February 1837 -- 8 February 1904) was an English biographer and critic.	Alfred Ainger	8 February 1904
date of death	Garret Wesley (circa 1665 -- 28 September 1728) was an Irish Member of Parliament.	Garret Wesley	1728
date of death	Prince Heinrich XV of Reuss-Plauen, Viceroy of Lombardy-Venetia (22 February 1751 -- 30 August 1825) was the fourth of six sons born into a high-ranking noble family.	Prince Heinrich XV of Reuss-Plauen	30 August 1825
date of death	Barry Flanagan RA OBE (11 January 1941 -- 31 August 2009) was a Welsh sculptor.	Barry Flanagan	31 August 2009
date of death	Pierre André Marie Raymond Rollinat (2 September 1859, Saint-Gaultier - 27 December 1931) was a French herpetologist.	Raymond Rollinat	27 December 1931
date of death	Nicolas Talon (31 August 1605 -- 29 March 1691) was a French Jesuit, historian, and ascetical writer.	Nicolas Talon	29 March 1691
date of death	Admiral of the Fleet George Anson, 1st Baron Anson, PC FRS (23 April 1697 -- 6 June 1762), was a Royal Navy officer.	George Anson, 1st Baron Anson	6 June 1762
date of death	Denis Horgan (18 May 1871 -- 2 June 1922) was a champion Irish athlete and weight thrower, born in Banteer, County Cork, who competed mainly in the shot put.	Denis Horgan	2 June 1922
date of death	John Orrok (c1779 - 1838) was a junior British army officer in the late 18th century and early 19th century.	John Orrok	1838
date of death	Władysław Mackiewicz (21 December 1903 -- 19 May 1963) was a Polish Cavalry Captain (rotmistrz) in the 15th Uhlan Regiment and a recipient of the Virtuti Militari, Poland's highest decoration.	Władysław Mackiewicz	19 May 1963
date of death	Samuel Fothergill (1715--1772), was a Quaker minister.	Samuel Fothergill	1772
date of death	Baltasar de Quiñones (died 1798) was the Master of the Order of Preachers from 1777 to 1798.	Baltasar de Quiñones	1798
date of death	Ann Charlotte Bartholomew (1800--1862), was an English flower and miniature painter, and author.	Ann Charlotte Bartholomew	1862
date of death	Petty Officer Patrick Keohane (1879--1950) was an Irish member of Robert Falcon Scott's Antarctic expedition of 1910--1913, the Terra Nova Expedition.	Patrick Keohane	1950
date of death	Elizabeth Somerset, Duchess of Beaufort (née Berkeley; c. 1713 -- 9 April 1799) was born in Stoke Gifford in Gloucestershire to John Symes Berkeley and Elizabeth Norborne.	Elizabeth Somerset, Duchess of Beaufort	9 April 1799
date of death	Peter Illing (4 March 1899 -- 29 October 1966) was an Austrian born, British film and television actor.	Peter Illing	29 October 1966
date of death	Hansraj Behl (19 November 1916 -- 1984) was an Indian music composer, who composed music for Hindi and Punjabi films.	Hansraj Behl	1984
date of death	James Pytts (c1627 - 1686) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1660 and 1686.	James Pytts	1686
date of death	Ciriaco Rocci (1581 - 25 September 1651) was an Italian Catholic Cardinal and papal nuncio to Switzerland, Austria and Cologne.	Ciriaco Rocci	25 September 1651
date of death	Khin Myo Chit (Burmese: ခင်မျိုးချစ်, pronounced: (kʰɪ̀ɴ mjó tɕʰɪʔ); 1 May 1915 -- 2 January 1999) was a Burmese author and journalist, whose career spanned over four decades.	Khin Myo Chit	2 January 1999
date of death	Claude Hobday (b. Faversham, Kent 12 May 1872; d. Surbiton, 10 March 1954) was an English double-bass player, a member of a well-known musical family, who took part in various early chamber-music recordings.	Claude Hobday	10 March 1954
date of death	Maxie McFarland died on 8 November 2013 and is buried at Arlington Cemetery.	Maxie McFarland	8 November 2013
date of death	Count Imre Zichy de Zich et Vásonkeő (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈimrɛ ˈzitʃi); Hungarian: Zichy Imre; 22 July 1909 -- 28 September 1999) was a Hungarian left-handed amateur tennis player, count and inventor.	Imre Zichy	28 September 1999
date of death	Gunnar Dyrberg (12 November 1921 Faaborg -- 8 January 2012) was a member of the Danish resistance movement during World War II, leading the Holger Danske, a Danish resistance group in the capital Copenhagen, from 1943 to 1945.	Gunnar Dyrberg	8 January 2012
date of death	Abu Salih Mansur (died 915) was a Samanid prince, who served as governor during the reign of his uncle Isma'il ibn Ahmad, his cousin Ahmad Samani, and Nasr II.	Abu Salih Mansur	915
date of death	Sir Arthur Atye or Atey (died 1604) was an English academic and politician.	Arthur Atye	1604
date of death	Richard Cosin (died 1596) was an English jurist.	Richard Cosin	1596
date of death	Bernard Hedges (10 November 1927 -- 8 February 2014) was a Welsh cricketer who played for Glamorgan, making his first-class debut in 1950 and playing his last match in 1967.	Bernard Hedges	8 February 2014
date of death	Thomas Spofforth, born 1743 and died on 16 May 1826, was an English Organist.	Thomas Spofforth	1826
date of death	Kamaladevi Chattopadhyay (3 April 1903 -- 29 October 1988) was an Indian social reformer and freedom fighter.	Kamaladevi Chattopadhyay	29 October 1988
date of death	Henry Dillon, 8th Viscount Dillon (died 1713) was Lord Lieutenant of Roscommon.	Henry Dillon, 8th Viscount Dillon	1713
date of death	Esther Sandoval (28 December 1927 -- 6 February 2006) was an actress and a pioneer in Puerto Rico's television.	Esther Sandoval	6 February 2006
date of death	Mary Anna Needell (née Lupton, 1830--1922), was a popular English novelist, who usually wrote as Mrs. J. H. Needell.	Mary Anna Needell	1922
date of death	Kanken Tōyama (遠山寛賢 Tōyama Kanken, 24 September 1888 -- 24 November 1966) was a Japanese schoolteacher and karate master, who developed the foundation for the Shūdōkan karate style.	Kanken Tōyama	24 November 1966
date of death	Peter Pond (January 18, 1739 or 1740 -- 1807) was a soldier with a Connecticut regiment, a fur trader, a founding member of the North West Company and the Beaver Club, an explorer and a cartographer.	Peter Pond	1807
date of death	Jacob Sonderling (19 October 1878 -- 30 September 1964) was a German and American Rabbi.	Jacob Sonderling	30 September 1964
date of death	M. K. Rocksamy (1932--1988) was a prolific Sri Lankan musician and music director.	M. K. Rocksamy	1988
date of death	Violet Florence Martin (11 June 1862 -- 21 December 1915) was an Irish author who co-wrote a series of novels with cousin Edith Somerville under the pen name of Martin Ross in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	Violet Florence Martin	21 December 1915
date of death	Sextus Miskow (3 February 1857 in Nyborg -- 24 November 1928) was a Danish singer, composer and music critic.	Sextus Miskow	24 November 1928
date of death	Thomas Beard (died 1632) was an English clergyman and theologian, of Puritan views.	Thomas Beard	1632
date of death	Lejaren Hiller, Sr./Lejaren à Hiller/John Hiller (1880 - 1969), was an accomplished American illustrator and photographer.	Lejaren Hiller, Sr.	1969
date of death	Beaumont Brenan (died 1761) was an Irish poet and playwright.	Beaumont Brenan	1761
date of death	Paul Laymann (1574 -- 13 November 1635 or 1632 ) was an Austrian Jesuit and important moralist.	Paul Laymann	13 November 1635
date of death	Edward Arden (c. 1542--1583) was an English nobleman and head of the Arden family, who became a Catholic martyr.	Edward Arden	1583
date of death	Harinath De (1877--1911), was an Indian historian, scholar and a polyglot, who later became the first Indian librarian of the National Library of India (then Imperial Library) from 1907 to 1911.	Harinath De	1911
date of death	Marcus Fronius (1659 -- 14 April 1713) was a Lutheran theologian, pedagogue, and author whose published works covered topics such as theology, metaphysics, and humoural physiology.	Marcus Fronius	1713
date of death	Peter Arne (born Peter Randolph Michael Albrecht, 29 September 1918 -- 1 August 1983) was a British character actor best known for various performances in British film and television.	Peter Arne	1 August 1983
date of death	T. S. Law (Thomas Sturdy Law, 31 October 1916 -- 12 May 1997) was a Scottish poet whose work was published throughout the latter half of the 20th Century.	T. S. Law	12 May 1997
date of death	John Guillim (c. 1565 -- 7 May 1621) of Minsterworth, Gloucestershire, was an antiquarian and officer of arms at the College of Arms in London.	John Guillim	7 May 1621
date of death	Éamonn Ceannt (21 September 1881 -- 8 May 1916), born Edward Thomas Kent, was an Irish republican, mostly known for his role in the Easter Rising of 1916.	Éamonn Ceannt	8 May 1916
date of death	Hermann Lutz (1881-1965) was a German civil servant and writer.	Hermann Lutz	1965
date of death	William John Ansell (4 August 1921 -- 22 April 2008), more commonly known as Jack Ansell, was an English footballer who played for Bletchley Brick Works, Northampton Town and Oxford United.	Jack Ansell	22 April 2008
date of death	Korrie Layun Rampan (17 August 1953 -- 19 November 2015) was an Indonesian novelist, short story writer, poet, literary critic, journalist, and politician.	Korrie Layun Rampan	19 November 2015
date of death	Maithripala Senanayake (7 July 1916 -- 12 July 1998) was a Sri Lankan politician and Governor of the North-Central province.	Maithripala Senanayake	12 July 1998
date of death	Giuseppe Fiorini (1861--1934) was an Italian luthier and is considered one of the most important Italian violin makers.	Giuseppe Fiorini	1934
date of death	Emperor Shun of Han (simplified Chinese: 汉顺帝; traditional Chinese: 漢順帝; pinyin: Hàn Shùn Dì; Wade--Giles: Han Shun-ti; 115--144) was an emperor of the Chinese Han Dynasty and the seventh emperor of the Eastern Han.	Emperor Shun of Han	144
date of death	Haniji (怕尼芝), sometimes spelled Haneji, was the founder of the Okinawan kingdom of Hokuzan, which he ruled from roughly 1322 to 1395.	Haniji	1395
date of death	Pip Harris (6 August 1927 - 22 February 2013), born Peter Valentine Harris, was a British motorcycle racer in the sidecar class.	Pip Harris	22 February 2013
date of death	Eleanor Hilowitz (1913--2007) was an abstract expressionist painter and sculpture who was active in New York City and Rome.	Eleanor Hilowitz	2007
date of death	Thomas Eyre Lambert (25 April 1820 -- 1919) was an Irish soldier and landlord.	Thomas Eyre Lambert	1919
date of death	Phelan Beale, Jr. (16 June 1920 -- 26 June 1993) was an American journalist and unemployment compensation law expert.	Phelan Beale, Jr.	26 June 1993
date of death	Basil Wright (12 June 1907, Sutton, Surrey -- 14 October 1987, Frieth, Buckinghamshire, England) was a documentary filmmaker, film historian, film critic and teacher.	Basil Wright	14 October 1987
date of death	Constance Vella (1687--1759) was a major Maltese mediaeval philosopher who specialised mainly in physics, logic, cosmology, and metaphysics.	Constance Vella	1759
date of death	Romilly Lisle Holdsworth, commonly known as R. L. Holdsworth, (25 February 1899 -- 20 June 1976) was a British scholar, academic, educationalist, cricketer and a distinguished Himalayan mountaineer.	R. L. Holdsworth	20 June 1976
date of death	Queenie Leighton (18 July 1874 -- 19 November 1943) was a British music hall star of the Edwardian era.	Queenie Leighton	19 November 1943
date of death	Alexander Eduard Friedrich Eversmann (23 January 1794 -- 14 April 1860) was a biologist and explorer.	Eduard Friedrich Eversmann	14 April 1860
date of death	Dorothy Savile, Viscountess Halifax (née Spencer) (1640 -- 16 December 1670) was the first wife of George Savile, 1st Viscount Halifax and the daughter of Henry Spencer, 1st Earl of Sunderland.	Dorothy Savile, Viscountess Halifax	16 December 1670
date of death	Lord Arthur Chichester (30 September 1808 -- 25 January 1840), was an Anglo-Irish Member of Parliament (MP).	Lord Arthur Chichester	25 January 1840
date of death	Maria Cattarina Locatelli (or Lucatelli; died 1723) was an Italian painter.	Maria Cattarina Locatelli	1723
date of death	Adolph Ernst (April 7, 1887--November 10, 1966), better known for his ring name Ad Santel, was an American professional wrestler, considered one of the greatest practitioners of catch wrestling ever.	Ad Santel	1966
date of death	Stanley Chapman (15 September 1925 -- 26 May 2009) was a British architect, designer, translator and writer.	Stanley Chapman	26 May 2009
date of death	Martanda Cinkaiariyan (Tamil: மார்த்தாண்ட சிங்கையாரியன்) (died 1348) ascended the throne of Jaffna Kingdom under the throne name Pararasasekaram III. He is one of the early Aryacakravarti kings about whom historical and epigraphical evidence is available.	Martanda Cinkaiariyan	1348
date of death	Felix Bowness (30 March 1922 -- 13 September 2009) was an English comedy actor best remembered for his portrayal of the jockey Fred Quilley in the BBC sitcom Hi-de-Hi!.	Felix Bowness	13 September 2009
date of death	Gabriel Druillettes (Dreuillettes, Drouillettes, Drouillet, Droulletes, Drueillettes, Druilletes) (29 September 1610 -- 8 April 1681) was born in France and became a Jesuit priest.	Gabriel Druillettes	8 April 1681
date of death	George I, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont (German: Georg Fürst zu Waldeck und Pyrmont; 6 May 1747 -- 9 September 1813) was Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont from 1812 to 1813.	George I, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont	9 September 1813
date of death	Wilhelm Junker (Russian: Василий Васильевич Юнкер; 6 April 1840 - 13 February 1892) was a Russian explorer of Africa.	Wilhelm Junker	13 February 1892
date of death	Matthias van den Gheyn (Dutch: Matthijs Vanden Gheyn or Ghein; 7 April 1721 -- 22 June 1785) was a Flemish composer from a family of famous bell-founders.	Matthias van den Gheyn	22 June 1785
date of death	Mark Perakh (Russian: Марк Пэрах; born Mark Yakovlevich Popereka in 1924, Kiev, Ukraine, died 7 May 2013 in Escondido, California), was a professor emeritus of Mathematics and statistical mechanics at California State University, Fullerton in Fullerton, California.	Mark Perakh	7 May 2013
date of death	Ernest Masson Anderson FRSE FGS (1877--1960) was a Scottish geologist.	Ernest Masson Anderson	1960
date of death	Louis III, Count of Löwenstein (17 February 1530 in Vaihingen † 13 March 1611 in Wertheim) was the ruling Count of Löwenstein-Wertheim from 1571 until his death.	Louis III, Count of Löwenstein	13 March 1611
date of death	John David Love (17 April 1913 -- 23 August 2002) was an American field geologist and specialist in Rocky Mountain geology who worked for the United States Geological Survey from 1942 to 1987.	David Love	23 August 2002
date of death	Stephen Vail (1780--1864) was a founding partner of the Baldwin Locomotive Works in Philadelphia and the creator of the Speedwell Ironworks in Morristown, New Jersey.	Stephen Vail	1864
date of death	Samuel Victor Perry FRS (16 July 1918 -- 17 December 2009) was an English biochemist who was a pioneer in the field of muscle biochemistry.	Samuel Victor Perry	17 December 2009
date of death	Henry Willoughby, 4th Baron Willoughby of Parham (1612--1617) was an English peer of the House of Lords.	Henry Willoughby, 4th Baron Willoughby of Parham	1617
date of death	Tuoba Luguan (Chinese: 拓跋祿官; pinyin: Tuòbá Lùguān) (died 307), chieftain of the Tuoba, from 294 to 307.	Tuoba Luguan	307
date of death	Rafael Hoyos Rubio (1924--1981) was a Peruvian general who held the rank of General of the Army and occupied the post of Commander in Chief of the Peruvian Army from December 5, 1980 to June 1981.	Rafael Hoyos Rubio	1981
date of death	Benedetto Ghiglia (27 December 1921 - 4 July 2012) was an Italian composer, conductor and pianist.	Benedetto Ghiglia	4 July 2012
date of death	Alan Loy McGinnis (10 November 1933, Friendswood, Texas - 9 January 2005, Glendale, California) was an author, Christian psychotherapist, and founder and director of the Valley Counseling Center in Glendale, California, United States.	Alan Loy McGinnis	9 January 2005
date of death	Hans von Rüte (d. 23 March 1558) was a Bernese dramatist and chronicler of the Swiss Reformation.	Hans von Rüte	23 March 1558
date of death	Béla Vörösmarty (23 April 1844 -- 9 October 1904) was a Hungarian jurist and politician, son of poet Mihály Vörösmarty and Laura Csajághy and brother of Ilona Vörösmarty.	Béla Vörösmarty	9 October 1904
date of death	Federiko Benković (1667 -- 8 July 1753) was a prominent late Baroque painter working in Italy.	Federiko Benković	8 July 1753
date of death	Helen Clay Frick (1888--1984) was an American philanthropist and art collector.	Helen Clay Frick	1984
date of death	Frank Ludlow OBE (10 August 1885 -- 25 March 1972) was an English officer stationed in the British Mission at Lhasa and a naturalist.	Frank Ludlow	25 March 1972
date of death	Elie Kedourie, CBE, FBA (25 January 1926 -- 29 June 1992, Washington) was a British historian of the Middle East.	Elie Kedourie	29 June 1992
date of death	Federico Cerruti (1 January 1922 -- 15 July 2015) was a reclusive Italian art collector whose collection was described by Artribune as one of the best in Europe.	Federico Cerruti	15 July 2015
date of death	Henry Fletcher Hance (4 Aug 1827 -- 22 June 1886) was a British diplomat who devoted his spare time to the study of Chinese plants.	Henry Fletcher Hance	22 June 1886
date of death	Ēriks Pētersons (1909 in Riga, Soviet Union -- 1987 in United States) was Latvian footballer and hockey player.	Ēriks Pētersons	1987
date of death	Sir John Oldcastle (died 14 December 1417) was an English Lollard leader.	John Oldcastle	14 December 1417
date of death	Maria McAuley (1847, US - 19 September 1919), along with her husband Jerry, founded the McAuley Water St Mission in New York City.	Maria McAuley	19 September 1919
date of death	Benjamin Franklin Haynes (1851--1923), usually known as B. F. Haynes, was a Methodist and later Nazarene minister and theologian from Tennessee.	Benjamin Franklin Haynes	1923
date of death	The Reverend Brother Brigant Cassian OBE, FSC (born 1889, Brittany, France -- 31 October 1957, Hong Kong) was the priest and education worker in Hong Kong.	Brigant Cassian	31 October 1957
date of death	Kalidas Gupta Riza (1925--2001) was an Indian writer, considered by many as an authority on the writings of the renowned Urdu poet, Mirza Ghalib.	Kalidas Gupta Riza	2001
date of death	Charles Thurber was a black man lynched in Grand Forks, North Dakota on October 24, 1882.	Charles Thurber	1882
date of death	Ernst Philipp Karl Lange (21 December 1813 - 20 February 1899) was a German novelist who wrote under the pseudonym Philipp Galen.	Ernst Philipp Karl Lange	20 February 1899
date of death	King Seocheon of Goguryeo (died 292, r. 270--292) was the 13th ruler of Goguryeo, the northernmost of the Three Kingdoms of Korea.	Seocheon of Goguryeo	292
date of death	Edward Rhodes Carswell (1813 -- 1862) was a member of the Georgia General Assembly House of Representatives from Jefferson County, Georgia and the father of Confederate States Army Lieutenant Colonel, Georgia militia Brigadier General and Georgia state legislator Reuben Walker Carswell.	Edward Rhodes Carswell	1862
date of death	Edmund Alexander Parkes (29 December 1819 -- 15 March 1876) was an English physician, known as a hygienist, particularly in the military context.	Edmund Alexander Parkes	1876
date of death	Jonathan Apphus (Hebrew: יונתן הוופסי, Ancient Greek: Ἰωνάθαν Ἀπφοῦς) was leader of the Hasmonean Dynasty of Judea from 161 to 143 BCE.	Jonathan Apphus	143 BCE
date of death	John Jewell Penstone (1817--1902) was a portrait and genre artist who worked with paint, but is known mainly for his engravings, and has been associated with the Pre-Raphaelite movement.	John Jewell Penstone	1902
date of death	Boris Pushkin, Russian Борис Иванович Пушкин (ca. 1590--1659) was a Russian diplomat and officeholder.	Boris Pushkin	1659
date of death	Anne Caldwell (née Anne Payson Caldwell; 30 August 1868 -- 22 October 1936), also known as Anne Caldwell O'Dea, was a prolific playwright and lyricist.	Anne Caldwell	22 October 1936
date of death	William de St Croix (born 13 May 1819 at Windsor Castle, Berkshire; died 18 March 1877 at Glynde, Sussex) was an English amateur cricketer and clergyman.	William de St Croix	18 March 1877
date of death	Dirkie Uys (1823 - 1838) was a Voortrekker hero during the Great Trek.	Dirkie Uys	1838
date of death	Saint Gorgonius of Nicomedia was a Christian martyr, part of the group Gorgonius, Peter Cubicularius and Dorotheus, who died in 304 AD at Nicomedia during the persecution of Emperor Diocletian.	Gorgonius	304
date of death	John Sen Inches Thomson (1845--1933), was a Scottish whaler and sealer, ship owner, captain and author.	John Sen Inches Thomson	1933
date of death	Gamaliel King (Shelter Island, New York, 1 December 1795 -- 6 December 1875) was an American architect who practiced in New York City and the adjacent city of Brooklyn, where he was a major figure in Brooklyn civic and ecclesiastical architecture for several decades.	Gamaliel King	6 December 1875
date of death	Swami Bhaskarananda Saraswati (1833--1899) was a noted 19th-century sannyasin and saint of Varanasi, India.	Swami Bhaskarananda Saraswati	1899
date of death	Miao Tien (Chinese: 苗天, 6 December 1925 -- 19 February 2005) was a Chinese film actor.	Miao Tien	19 February 2005
date of death	Chan Heung (August 23, 1806 -- August 20, 1875) was the founder of the Choy Li Fut 蔡李佛 martial arts system.	Chan Heung	1875
date of death	Count Aladár Zichy de Zich et Vásonkeő (4 September 1864 -- 16 November 1937) was a Hungarian politician, who served as Minister besides the King twice: between 1906--1910 and during the end of the First World War.	Aladár Zichy	16 November 1937
date of death	Felix Bloch (23 October 1905 -- 10 September 1983) was a Swiss physicist, working mainly in the U.S. He and Edward Mills Purcell were awarded the 1952 Nobel Prize for ``their development of new ways and methods for nuclear magnetic precision measurements.''	Felix Bloch	10 September 1983
date of death	Edward Bligh, 2nd Earl of Darnley (9 November 1715 -- 22 July 1747) was an Irish peer born of an English family who resided in Kent.	Edward Bligh, 2nd Earl of Darnley	1747
date of death	Kitty Harris (May 25, 1899 -- 1966) was a Soviet secret agent and ``long-time special courier of the OGPU-NKVD foreign intelligence during the 1930s and 1940s.''	Kitty Harris	1966
date of death	Hubert van Es (6 July 1941 -- 15 May 2009) was a Dutch photographer and photojournalist who took the well-known photo on 29 April 1975, which shows South Vietnamese civilians scrambling to board a CIA Air America helicopter during the U.S. evacuation of Saigon.	Hubert van Es	15 May 2009
date of death	Dr. Anneliese Groscurth (1910--1996) was the wife of Georg Groscurth and a member of the European Union, (Europäische Union) an antifascist German resistance group in Berlin, during the Nazi era.	Anneliese Groscurth	1996
date of death	Sir John Chandos, Viscount of Saint-Sauveur in the Cotentin, Constable of Aquitaine, Seneschal of Poitou, KG (c.1320 -- 31 December 1369) was a medieval English knight who hailed from Radbourne Hall, Derbyshire.	John Chandos	31 December 1369
date of death	Eleanor Albert Bliss (1899--1987) was an American bacteriologist who did pioneering work on antimicrobials, especially regarding the development and use of sulfa drugs.	Eleanor Albert Bliss	1987
date of death	Alexander Muir (5 April 1830 -- 26 June 1906) was a Canadian songwriter, poet, soldier, and school headmaster.	Alexander Muir	26 June 1906
date of death	Graham Lord (16 February 1943 -- 13 June 2015) was a British biographer and novelist.	Graham Lord	13 June 2015
date of death	Maurice Auguste Régimbart (1852 in Evreux -- 22 September 1907 in Evreux) was a French entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera, particularly Dytiscidae, Gyrinidae and Hydrophilidae.	Maurice Auguste Régimbart	22 September 1907
date of death	Barbatio (died AD 359) was a Roman general of the infantry under the command of Constantius II. Previously he was a commander of the household troops under Gallus Caesar, but he arrested Gallus under the instruction of Constantius, thereby ensuring his promotion on the death of Claudius Silvanus.	Barbatio	359
date of death	J. C. Ramaswamy (c. 1928 -- 2 August 1986), known by his screen name Shakti Prasad, was an Indian actor who appeared in Kannada films in mostly villainous roles.	Shakti Prasad	2 August 1986
date of death	Banzarjavyn Baasanjav (Mongolian: Банзаржавын Баасанжав; 1906--1940) was leader of the Mongolian People's Revolutionary Party from 1936 to 1940.	Banzarjavyn Baasanjav	1940
date of death	Joseph E. Woodworth (1837-1889) was a ship builder, merchant, and member of the Woodworth political family.	Joseph E. Woodworth	1889
date of death	John Napier Burnett (born 1899, and died in 1989) was an important pioneer of education in British Columbia.	John Napier Burnett	1989
date of death	Moshe Levin (1897--1943), alias 'Batlan' and 'Elisha', was a Jewish socialist.	Moshe Levin	1943
date of death	Theophil Mitchell Prudden (1849-1924) was an American pathologist, born at Middlebury, Connecticut.	Theophil Mitchell Prudden	1924
date of death	General Horace Binney Sargent (June 26, 1821 -- 1908) was American soldier and politician.	Horace Binney Sargent	1908
date of death	Thomas Cottle, Esq. (1761--1828) was a lawyer on the island of Nevis.	Thomas Cottle	1828
date of death	Natan Peled (Hebrew: נתן פלד‎, born 3 June 1913, died 8 January 1992) was an Israeli politician who served as Minister of Immigrant Absorption from 1970 until 1974.	Natan Peled	8 January 1992
date of death	Nescambious (c. 1660--1727, many variant spellings, including Escumbuit and Nescambiouit), was a Native American leader of the Pequawket tribe of the Abenaki who was knighted by Louis XIV of France in 1706.	Nescambious	1727
date of death	Isaac Rochussen or Isaac Rockesen (1631--1710) was a 17th-century Dutch corsair and privateer during the Second and Third Anglo-Dutch War.	Isaac Rochussen	1710
date of death	Mattia Bortoloni (31 March 1696 -- 1750) was an Italian painter of the Rococo period, mainly active in the area of Bergamo and Venice.	Mattia Bortoloni	1750
date of death	Hugh Tootell (1671/1672 -- 27 February 1743) was an English Catholic historian.	Hugh Tootell	1743
date of death	A painter and traveller, Georges Ricard-Cordingley (1873-1939) constantly searched for an original contact with the world of sea.	Georges Ricard-Cordingley	1939
date of death	Franco de Franco (circa 1585 in Corulani -- June 30, 1611 in Vilnius) was an Italian Calvinist who was sentenced to death in the Polish--	Franco de Franco	1611
date of death	George Chippendale (18 April 1921 -- 16 February 2010) was an Australian botanist and a strong proponent of growing Australian Native plants.	George Chippendale	16 February 2010
date of death	Caroline Kaye Walters (1957 -- 12 July 2008), known as Caroline K, was an English singer, songwriter and artist/producer.	Caroline K	12 July 2008
date of death	Sankarankutti Menon Marath, better known as Menon Marath, (born in 1906 in Kerala -- died 2 January 2003) was an Indo-Anglican novelist who settled in England and spent more than half of his life there.	Menon Marath	2 January 2003
date of death	Archduchess Caroline Ludovika of Austria (Karoline Ludovika Leopoldine; 4/9 December 1795, Hofburg Palace, Vienna, Austria - 30 June 1799, Hofburg Palace, Vienna, Austria) was the third daughter and fourth child of Francis II, Holy Roman Emperor and his wife Maria Theresa of Naples and Sicily.	Archduchess Caroline Ludovika of Austria	30 June 1799
date of death	Zordun Sabir (1937 -- 13 August 1998) (Uyghur: زوردۇن سابىر) was a popular Uyghur author.	Zordun Sabir	1998
date of death	Charles Durang (1794--1870) was an American dancer.	Charles Durang	1870
date of death	Norman Whitehead (1915--1983) was a landscape painter, working mainly around his hometown Alfreton, Derbyshire.	Norman Whitehead	1983
date of death	John Lonyson or Lonison (1525--1582) was an English goldsmith and Master of the Mint in the reign of Elizabeth I. John Lonyson was of Flemish descent, one of a family of goldsmiths established In King's Lynn, Norfolk.	John Lonyson	1582
date of death	Gustave Maurice Heckscher (15 May 1884 - 1967), was a pioneer aviator with seaplanes.	Gustave Maurice Heckscher	1967
date of death	Sir Thomas Foxley (c.1305 -- 1360) was MP for Berkshire several times in the 14th century, and Constable of Windsor Castle, also in the English county of Berkshire, from 1328 to his death.	Thomas Foxley	1360
date of death	Harry Leander Ells (1854-1943) served in the California legislature and was born in Canada.	Harry Leander Ells	1943
date of death	Mort O'Shea (1882--1970) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a full-back for the Cork senior team.	Mort O'Shea	1970
date of death	Khun Lo died in 780 and was succeeded by Khun Sung.	Khun Lo	780
date of death	Buck Nelson (April 9, 1895 -- 1982) was an American farmer who claimed to have had an encounter with an unidentified flying object and its human crew in 1954 while living in Missouri.	Buck Nelson	1982
date of death	Mirza Abdul Karim Roushan Tehrani (1903--1992) was an Iranian mystics, philosopher and jurist.	Mirza Abdul Karim Roushan	1992
date of death	Johan Wilhelm Heinrich Giess aka Willi Giess (21 February 1910 Frankfurt-am-Main - 28 September 2000 Swakopmund) is noted for having started an official herbarium at Windhoek, his extensive collection of Namibian plants and generally furthering botanical knowledge of the territory.	Johan Wilhelm Heinrich Giess	28 September 2000
date of death	Vincenzo Sangermano, C.R.S.P. (1758-1819), was an Italian Roman Catholic priest, of the Barnabite Order, who served as a missionary in Burma from 1783 to 1806.	Vincenzo Sangermano	1819
date of death	James Joseph Meadows (1 September 1835 -- 12 December 1914), Protestant Christian missionary to China and one of the first missionaries with the China Inland Mission.	James Joseph Meadows	12 December 1914
date of death	Robert William Buss (4 August 1804 -- 26 February 1875) was a Victorian artist, etcher and illustrator perhaps best known for his painting Dickens' Dream.	Robert William Buss	26 February 1875
date of death	Tô Vĩnh Diện (died 1954) was a soldier in the Viet Minh during the First Indochina War against France in Vietnam.	Tô Vĩnh Diện	1954
date of death	Finn Hald (8 July 1929 -- 17 October 2010) was a Norwegian ceramist, sculptor, illustrator, poet and playwright.	Finn Hald	17 October 2010
date of death	Thomas Annan (1829--1887) was a Scottish photographer, notable for being the first to record the bad housing conditions of the poor.	Thomas Annan	1887
date of death	Constantin Antoniade (1880--1954) was a Romanian jurist, writer, historian, philosopher and diplomat.	Constantin Antoniade	1954
date of death	George Emlyn Williams, CBE (26 November 1905 -- 25 September 1987), known as Emlyn Williams, was a Welsh dramatist and actor.	Emlyn Williams	25 September 1987
date of death	José de la Cruz Sánchez (November 8, 1799--1878) was the eleventh Alcalde of San Francisco in 1845.	José de la Cruz Sánchez	1878
date of death	Pal Dushmani (died 1457) was an Albanian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.	Pal Dushmani	1457
date of death	Leonard Insull (1883--1974) was Britain's leading ventriloquial figure maker of the twentieth century.	Leonard Insull	1974
date of death	Ludwig Mestler (1891-1959) was an artist in Austria before the Anschluss and then later in the United States.	Ludwig Mestler	1959
date of death	Renée of Bourbon, Duchess of Lorraine also called, Renée, Lady of Mercœur, (1494 -- 26 May 1539), was a Duchess consort of Lorraine.	Renée of Bourbon	26 May 1539
date of death	Ansgar Elde (27 November 1933 -- 4 December 2000) was a Swedish artist famous for his work in ceramics.	Ansgar Elde	4 December 2000
date of death	Not long after the Norwegian fleet left the Hebrides, Gofraid Donn was killed on the Outer Hebridean island of Lewis, in 1231.	Gofraid Donn	1231
date of death	Ferdinand Budicki (11 April 1871 -- 25 June 1951) was a Croatian pioneer of car, bicycle and airplane culture.	Ferdinand Budicki	25 June 1951
date of death	Jack Aranson (29 December 1924 -- 3 January 2008) was an American actor, trained in Ireland and England, noted for acting in many Shakespeare plays and several one-man shows.	Jack Aranson	3 January 2008
date of death	Carl R. Fellers (1893--1960) was an American food scientist and microbiologist who was involved in the pasteurization of dried foods and canning Atlantic blue crab.	Carl R. Fellers	1960
date of death	Naboth Winsor (October 5, 1916 -- June 1997) was born to Robert Stewart Winsor and Jane (Butt) Winsor, on Winsor's Island, one of the islands comprising Swain's Island, Bonavista Bay, Newfoundland.	Naboth Winsor	1997
date of death	Edward Henry Whinfield (1836-1922) was a translator of Persian literature.	Edward Henry Whinfield	1922
date of death	Adja Yunkers (1900--1983) was an American abstract painter and printmaker.	Adja Yunkers	1983
date of death	Tzavalas Karousos (Greek: Τζαβαλάς Καρούσος; 8 September 1904 -- 3 January 1969) was a Greek actor.	Tzavalas Karousos	3 January 1969
date of death	Delino Dexter Calvin (May 15, 1798 -- 18 May 1884) was a naturalized Canadian citizen, former resident of New England, successful Ontario businessman and political figure.	Delino Dexter Calvin	18 May 1884
date of death	Thomas Cuming Hall (born 1858, died on May 27, 1936 at Göttingen/Germany) An American Presbyterian theologian, son of the Rev. John Hall (1829-98).	Thomas Cuming Hall	1936
date of death	Tan Kah Kee or Chen Jiageng (21 October 1874 -- 12 August 1961) was a Chinese businessman, community leader and philanthropist active in Southeast Asia, Hong Kong, and various Chinese cities such as Shanghai, Xiamen, and Guangzhou.	Tan Kah Kee	12 August 1961
date of death	Jakob Fuchs (1 August 1920 -- 3 November 2005) was a highly decorated Feldwebel in the Wehrmacht during World War II and a Hauptfeldwebel in the Bundeswehr.	Jakob Fuchs	3 November 2005
date of death	Gottlieb Christoph Adolf von Harless (German: von Harleß; November 21, 1806 -- September 5, 1879), was a German Lutheran theologian.	Gottlieb Christoph Adolf von Harless	1879
date of death	Gérard Barreaux (1948 -- 16 October 2010) was a French accordionist, composer, and actor.	Gérard Barreaux	16 October 2010
date of death	`Abd ar-Rahman ibn Muhammad (died 16 June 1825) was the Emir of Harar (1821 - 1825).	`Abd ar-Rahman ibn Muhammad	16 June 1825
date of death	André Jean René Lacrampe (17 December 1941 -- 15 May 2015) was the Roman Catholic Archbishop Besançon.	André Jean René Lacrampe	15 May 2015
date of death	Jules Cottin (1868--1922) was a mandolin virtuoso who played in Paris from the 1890s.	Jules Cottin	1922
date of death	Benedict Kisdy (Hungarian: Benedek Kisdy, Slovak: Benedikt Kishdy) (c. 1598 -- 22 June 1660) was a Hungarian Roman Catholic bishop in the 17th century.	Benedict Kisdy	1660
date of death	Edmondo Zacchini (27 March 1894 - 3 October 1981) was a circus entertainer credited with inventing the human cannonball act as one of the Zacchini Brothers.	Edmondo Zacchini	3 October 1981
date of death	Elkanah Kelsey Dare was a New England Methodist minister born 1782, and died 1826.	Elkanah Kelsey Dare	1826
date of death	Timoteo Maradona (1793 -- 24 August 1863) was an Argentine official and priest who played a leading role in San Juan Province in the first half of the nineteenth century.	Timoteo Maradona	24 August 1863
date of death	Millard Gardner (1903--1989) was a noted Texas lawman known as the ``Dry Wolf'' during Prohibition, later being elected Police Chief of Highland Park near Dallas, Texas.	Millard Gardner	1989
date of death	Murakami Yoshikiyo (村上 義清, 1501 -- 1573) was a Japanese Samurai from Murakami clan and retainer of the Japanese clan of Uesugi during the Sengoku Period of the 16th century.	Murakami Yoshikiyo	1573
date of death	Valerie Ganz (1936 -- 2015) was a Welsh artist, known for her paintings of South Wales coal miners.	Valerie Ganz	2015
date of death	John Michael O'Keefe, known as Johnny O'Keefe (19 January 1935 -- 6 October 1978), was an Australian rock and roll singer whose career began in the 1950s.	Johnny O'Keefe	6 October 1978
date of death	Enrique Bertolino (3 November 1912 -- 1997) is an Argentine professional golfer.	Enrique Bertolino	1997
date of death	Zaida Ben-Yusuf (21 November 1869 -- 27 September 1933) was a New York-based portrait photographer noted for her artistic portraits of wealthy, fashionable, and famous Americans of the turn of the 19th--20th century.	Zaida Ben-Yusuf	27 September 1933
date of death	William Oughtred (5 March 1574 -- 30 June 1660) was an English mathematician and Anglican minister.	William Oughtred	30 June 1660
date of death	Baltazar Kuncz (1580-1650) was a Polish sculptor and woodcarver.	Baltazar Kuncz	1650
date of death	Hu Sheng (11 January 1918 -- 5 November 2000) was a renowned Chinese Marxist theorist and historian.	Hu Sheng	5 November 2000
date of death	The Very Rev. James Henry Leslie Pennell (1906-1996) was Provost of St Andrew's Cathedral, Inverness from 1949 to 1965.	Leslie Pennell	1996
date of death	Clement Reid FRS (6 January 1853 -- 10 December 1916) was a British geologist and palaeobotanist.	Clement Reid	10 December 1916
date of death	Tony Reedus (22 September 1959 -- 16 November 2008) was an American jazz drummer.	Tony Reedus	16 November 2008
date of death	Theophilus Gale (1628--1678) was an English educationalist, nonconformist and theologian of dissent.	Theophilus Gale	1678
date of death	Justin Huntly McCarthy (1859 -- 20 March 1936) was an Irish author and nationalist politician.	Justin Huntly McCarthy	20 March 1936
date of death	Gvido Jekals (1 July 1904 -- 2 January 1969) was a Latvian sprinter and decathlete.	Gvido Jekals	2 January 1969
date of death	Pietro Vinci (c. 1525 -- after 14 June 1584) was an Italian composer of late Renaissance music.	Pietro Vinci	14 June 1584
date of death	Frederick Remsen Hutton, M.E., Sc.D. (1853--1918) was an American mechanical engineer.	Frederick Remsen Hutton	1918
date of death	Chan Kwok-Hung (陳國雄) (c. 1963 -- 17 December 2014) was a Hong Kong cinematographer.	Chan Kwok-Hung	17 December 2014
date of death	Richard Steward or Stewart (1593? -- 1651) was an English royalist churchman, clerk of the closet to Charles I and designated Dean of St. Paul's and Westminster, though not able to take up his position because of the wartime circumstances.	Richard Steward	1651
date of death	Horia Demian (1942 - 1989) was a Romanian basketball player who played for U Cluj (Ştiinţa Cluj between 1951-1965, currently U Mobitelco Cluj) from 1960 until 1970 .	Horia Demian	1989
date of death	Armand Penverne (26 November 1926 -- 27 February 2012) was a French international defender and coach.	Armand Penverne	27 February 2012
date of death	Ella Briggs (born Ella Baumfeld; 5 March 1880 -- 20 June 1977) was an Austrian architect.	Ella Briggs	20 June 1977
date of death	Yusof Rawa (died 27 April 2000) was a Malaysian politician.	Yusof Rawa	27 April 2000
date of death	Lorenzo di Bicci (c. 1350 -- 1427) was an Italian painter of the Florentine school, traditional in outlook.	Lorenzo di Bicci	1427
date of death	Jacques Lebaudy (1868 - January 11, 1919) was a Frenchman from a wealthy family of sugar refiners known for his eccentricity and his attempt to establish a new nation, the Empire of the Sahara.	Jacques Lebaudy	1919
date of death	John Stanton Ward CBE (10 October 1917 - 13 June 2007) was an English portrait artist, landscape painter and illustrator.	John Stanton Ward	13 June 2007
date of death	Samuel Hoadly (1643--1705), was a schoolmaster and writer of educational books.	Samuel Hoadly	1705
date of death	William Llewellyn Thomas (6 May 1872 -- 9 January 1943) was a Welsh international rugby union player who played club rugby for Newport, international rugby for Wales and invitational rugby for the Barbarians.	William Llewellyn Thomas	9 January 1943
date of death	Jože Babič (13 February 1917 -- 10 May 1996) was a Slovenian film, theatre and television director.	Jože Babič	10 May 1996
date of death	James Amaziah Whitney (30 June 1839, Rochester, New York - 1907) was a United States lawyer and author.	James Amaziah Whitney	1907
date of death	Heinrich von Lichtenau (1444--1517) was Prince-Bishop of Augsburg from 1505 to 1517.	Heinrich von Lichtenau	1517
date of death	Maurice II de Craon (c. 1132--1196) was Lord of Craon, Governor of Anjou and Maine under Henry II, a military figure and Anglo-Norman of the 12th century.	Maurice II de Craon	1196
date of death	Allender Steele Adams, known as Allen Adams, (16 February 1946 -- 5 September 1990), was a British Labour politician.	Allen Adams	5 September 1990
date of death	Gordon C. Bond (1939--1997) was an American historian who specialized in studies of Napoleon.	Gordon C. Bond	1997
date of death	Gustav Ludolf Martens (20 October 1818 -- 7 January 1882) was a German architect and state master builder of Kiel.	Gustav Ludolf Martens	7 January 1882
date of death	Marguerite Sawyer Hill Davis (died 1948) was one of the wealthiest women in the United States in the mid 1900s.	Marguerite Sawyer Hill Davis	1948
date of death	Liu Zhidan (4 October 1903 (many sources give 1902) -- 14 April 1936) (Liu Chih-tan) was a Chinese military commander and Communist leader, who founded the Shaanxi-Gansu-Ningxia Base Area in north-west China, which became the Yan'an Soviet.	Liu Zhidan	1936
date of death	Savjibhai Korat (6 August 1953 -- 26 November 1998) was an Indian politician, a cabinet minister of Gujarat state.	Savjibhai Korat	26 November 1998
date of death	Clara Elsene Peck (April 18, 1883 -- February 1968) was an American illustrator and painter known for her illustrations of women and children in the early 20th century.	Clara Elsene Peck	February 1968
date of death	Hugo Meisl (16 November 1881 (Maleschau, Bohemia) - 17 February 1937), brother of the journalist Willy Meisl, was the multi-lingual football coach of the famous Austrian 'Wunderteam' of the early 1930s, as well as a referee.	Hugo Meisl	17 February 1937
date of death	Emile Darl'mat (1892--1970) was the creator and owner of a Peugeot distributor with a car body business established at the rue de l'Université in Paris, France in 1923.	Darl'mat	1970
date of death	Alexander Victor Edward Paulet Montagu, 10th Earl of Sandwich (22 May 1906 -- 25 February 1995), known as Viscount Hinchingbrooke from 1916 to 1962, as the Earl of Sandwich from 1962 to 1964 and as Victor Montagu from 1964 to 1995, was a British Conservative Member of Parliament (MP).	Victor Montagu	25 February 1995
date of death	Jesse Gause (1785 -- c. 1836) was an early leader in the Latter Day Saint movement and served in the First Presidency as a counselor to President of the Church Joseph Smith.	Jesse Gause	1836
date of death	Namiki Shōzō II (並木正三)(died 1807) was a kabuki playwright and relative of the more prominent Namiki Shōzō I. Though none of his surviving plays are prominent ones, he may have been the author of the 1801 Kezairoku (or Gezairoku), a kabuki playwriting manual.	Namiki Shōzō II	1807
date of death	Adrien-Jean-Pierre Thilorier (16 February 1790 -- 2 December 1844) was a French inventor who was the first person to produce solid carbon dioxide (``dry ice'').	Adrien-Jean-Pierre Thilorier	2 December 1844
date of death	Samuel de Missy (Samuel, Pierre, Joseph, David, de Missy or Demissy, 30 October 1755 -- 20 October 1820) was a French trader and businessman, from the city of La Rochelle, where he was born.	Samuel de Missy	20 October 1820
date of death	Michael Francklin or Franklin (6 December 1733 -- 8 November 1782) served as Nova Scotia's Lieutenant Governor from 1766-1772.	Michael Francklin	8 November 1782
date of death	Wang Niansun (Chinese: 王念孫) (1744 - 1832), courtesy name:	Wang Niansun	1832
date of death	Richard Blome (1635-1705) was a publisher and cartographer from the Kingdom of England.	Richard Blome	1705
date of death	Bernard Eyston, D.D. (1628--1709), was an English Franciscan friar, called in religion Bernard à Sancto Francisco.	Bernard Eyston	1709
date of death	Ján Valašťan Dolinský (15 February 1892, Békéscsaba (Békéšská Čaba) -- 2 March 1965, Nitra) was a Slovak composer, teacher, journalist, esperantist and collector of folk songs.	Ján Valašťan Dolinský	2 March 1965
date of death	Sir Edward Osborne (1530?--1591), was one of the principal merchants of London in the later sixteenth century, and Lord Mayor of London in 1583.	Edward Osborne	1591
date of death	Fred Fox (22 January 1884 -- 1 December 1949) was an English assistant director and film actor.	Fred Fox	1 December 1949
date of death	Dominique Pierrat (11 February 1820, Gerbamont -- 19 November 1893, Gerbamont) was a French naturalist known for botanical and zoological investigations of Vosges.	Dominique Pierrat	19 November 1893
developer	Pathologic (Russian: Мор. Утопия, tr. Mor. Utopiya; IPA: (mˈor. ʊtˈopʲɪjə); En. Pestilence. Utopia) is a 2005 psychological horror adventure survival role-playing video game developed by Russian game studio Ice-Pick Lodge.	Pathologic	Ice-Pick Lodge
developer	Dungeon Party is a 3D MMOG developed by Cyanide Studio.	Dungeon Party	Cyanide
developer	Lost Eden is an adventure game produced by Cryo Interactive and published by Virgin Interactive in March 1995 for the PC running DOS, Macintosh, 3DO and CD-i. It is set in a world where humans and dinosaurs coexist.	Lost Eden	Cryo Interactive
developer	Zombie Tycoon is a real-time strategy for the PlayStation Portable developed by Frima Studio and published by Sony Computer Entertainment, with the participation of Telefilm Canada.	Zombie Tycoon	Frima Studio
developer	CityDesk is a proprietary Content Management System created by Fog Creek Software, which was founded by Joel Spolsky.	CityDesk	Fog Creek Software
developer	Florist Shop is a puzzle game developed by Teyon for the Nintendo DS. The game is published by UFO Interactive Games in the North America and by Rondomedia in Germany, Switzerland and Austria.	Florist Shop	Teyon
developer	Racing Hero is a 1989 arcade game from Sega which runs on Sega's X Board hardware (the same hardware used for games such as After Burner and Power Drift).	Racing Hero	Sega
developer	Moto Roader (spelled Motoroader in Europe) is a futuristic racing game developed by Hudson Soft for the TurboGrafx-16 and is also available on the Nintendo Wii's Virtual Console.	Moto Roader	Hudson Soft
developer	Lazy Raiders (originally Dig It Up) is a video game developed by Sarbakan and published by Microsoft Game Studios on Xbox Live Arcade.	Lazy Raiders	Sarbakan
developer	Laser Ghost is a horror-themed shooting gallery arcade game released by Sega in 1989.	Laser Ghost	Sega
developer	360 Secure Browser (Chinese: 360安全浏览器) is a web browser developed by the Qihoo company of Beijing, China.	360 Secure Browser	Qihoo
developer	Rush Rush Rally Racing, also known as R4, is an independently developed, commercially released videogame developed by Senile Team and published by RedSpotGames.	Rush Rush Rally Racing	Senile Team
developer	Harrier Attack is a computer game for the Amstrad CPC, Commodore 64, Oric 1 and ZX Spectrum initially released in 1983 by Durell Software.	Harrier Attack	Durell Software
developer	Escape Velocity Nova (a.k.a. EV Nova or EVN) is a video game by Ambrosia Software, in collaboration with ATMOS.	Escape Velocity Nova	Ambrosia Software
developer	I'm InTouch is developed and marketed by 01 Communique.	I'm InTouch	01 Communique
developer	Run Roo Run is a platform video game developed and published by 5th Cell for iOS.	Run Roo Run	5th Cell
developer	HERO Hosted PBX is a SIP-based hosted IP-PBX business phone system, first released in 2008 by Canadian telecommunications software provider Dialexia.	HERO Hosted PBX	Dialexia
developer	Angry Birds Epic is a free-to-play role-playing video game that is the ninth installment in the Angry Birds series, developed by Chimera Entertainment and published by Rovio Entertainment.	Angry Birds Epic	Chimera Entertainment
developer	Originally conceived and written by Allen Razdow (of MIT, co-founder of Mathsoft), Mathcad is now owned by PTC and is generally accepted as the first computer application to automatically compute and check consistency of engineering units such as the International System of Units (SI), throughout the entire set of calculations.	Mathcad	Mathsoft
developer	DJMax Portable 2 (DJMAX Portable 2, DMP2; Korean: 디제이맥스 포터블 2) is a music video game published and developed by Pentavision, for the PlayStation Portable which was released on March 30, 2007.	DJMax Portable 2	Pentavision
developer	Microsoft Internet Explorer 5 (IE5) is a discontinued graphical web browser and one of the main participants of the first browser war.	Internet Explorer 5	Microsoft
developer	Lords of Magic was developed by Impressions Games for PC and released by Sierra Entertainment in November 1997.	Lords of Magic	Impressions Games
developer	NBA 2K14 is a basketball video game that was developed by Visual Concepts and published by 2K Sports.	NBA 2K14	Visual Concepts
developer	Eric's Ultimate Solitaire (also known as Eric's Ultimate Solitaire X) is a commercial solitaire game developed by Delta Tao Software for the Macintosh.	Eric's Ultimate Solitaire	Delta Tao Software
developer	ChefVille was a multiplayer restaurant simulation social network game created by Zynga.	ChefVille	Zynga
developer	Sudokuro is an puzzle game for the Nintendo DS by Crave Entertainment.	Sudokuro	Crave Entertainment
developer	Tokyo City Nights is a video game developed for WiiWare and the J2ME platform by Gameloft.	Tokyo City Nights	Gameloft
developer	PachiPara DL Hyper Sea Story In Karibu is a pachinko simulator based on Sanyo's PachiPara series.	PachiPara DL Hyper Sea Story In Karibu	Sanyo
developer	Riddim Ribbon Free is the second installment in Tapulous' new series of music games, preceded by Riddim Ribbon feat. The Black Eyed Peas.	Riddim Ribbon	Tapulous
developer	Escape from Bug Island, titled Necro-Nesia (ネクロネシア Nekuroneshia) in Japan, is a survival horror video game developed by Spike and released for the Wii in 2006.	Escape from Bug Island	Spike
developer	Dark Messiah of Might and Magic (additionally subtitled Elements on Xbox 360) is a first-person action video game with role-playing elements developed by Arkane Studios and Floodgate Entertainment.	Dark Messiah of Might and Magic	Arkane Studios
director	Un povero ricco, also known as Rich and Poor, is a 1983 Italian comedy film directed by Pasquale Festa Campanile.	Un povero ricco	Pasquale Festa Campanile
director	Ring of Darkness is a 2004 fantasy horror film directed by David DeCoteau.	Ring of Darkness	David DeCoteau
director	The Ship of Lost Souls or The Ship of Lost Men (German:Das Schiff der verlorenen Menschen) is a 1929 German silent thriller film directed by Maurice Tourneur and starring Fritz Kortner, Marlene Dietrich and Robin Irvine.	The Ship of Lost Souls	Maurice Tourneur
director	The Wild Parrots of Telegraph Hill is a 2003 documentary film directed, produced, and edited by Judy Irving.	The Wild Parrots of Telegraph Hill	Judy Irving
director	Mr. Theertha (Kannada: Mr. ತೀರ್ಥ) is a 2010 Kannada film directed by Sadhu Kokila.	Mr. Theertha	Sadhu Kokila
director	The Blood of Hussain is a 1980 Pakistani film directed by Jamil Dehlavi and released in 1980 (released in February 1981 in the UK).	The Blood of Hussain	Jamil Dehlavi
director	Os Maias (Alguns) Episódios da Vida Romântica is a 2014 Portuguese-Brazilian film directed by João Botelho and based on the 19th century novel Os Maias by Eça de Queirós.	Os Maias (Alguns) Episódios da Vida Romântica	João Botelho
director	Nan of Music Mountain is a 1917 American silent drama film directed by George Melford and Cecil B. DeMille (who receives no screen credit).	Nan of Music Mountain	George Melford	Cecil B. DeMille
director	Bauerntanz zweier Kinder (also known as Italienischer Bauerntanz or Italian Folk dance) is an 1895 German short black-and-white silent documentary film directed by Max Skladanowsky.	Bauerntanz zweier Kinder	Max Skladanowsky
director	Kamakalawa is a 1981 Filipino fantasy film directed by Eddie Romero and starred Christopher De Leon and Tetchie Agbayani.	Kamakalawa	Eddie Romero
director	Livet måste levas (English: Life must be lived) is a Swedish film from 1943 directed by Elof Ahrle.	Livet måste levas	Elof Ahrle
director	Yeh Hai Chakkad Bakkad Bumbe Bo (also known as The Sensational Six) is a 2003 Indian children's film directed by Sridhar Rangayan, and written by Vijay Tendulkar and Sushma Bakshi.	Yeh Hai Chakkad Bakkad Bumbe Bo	Sridhar Rangayan
director	Enemy Agents Meet Ellery Queen is a 1942 black-and-white thriller film, directed by James P. Hogan and written by Ellery Queen, the duo of Manfred Lee and Frederic Dannay.	Enemy Agents Meet Ellery Queen	James P. Hogan
director	Shri Ram Bhakta Hanuman (Hanuman, The Worshipper of Lord Rama) is a 1948 Hindi religious film produced and directed by Homi Wadia for Basant Pictures.	Shri Ram Bhakta Hanuman	Homi Wadia
director	Samrat & Co. is a 2014 Hindi detective thriller film directed by Kaushik Ghatak and produced by Kavita K. Barjatya under the Rajshri Productions banner.	Samrat & Co.	Kaushik Ghatak
director	Special Mission Lady Chaplin (Italian: Missione speciale Lady Chaplin, French: L'affaire Lady Chaplin, Spanish: Operación Lady Chaplin, also known as Operation Lady Chaplin) is a 1966 Italian-French-Spanish Eurospy film directed by Alberto De Martino and Sergio Grieco.	Special Mission Lady Chaplin	Alberto De Martino	Sergio Grieco
director	Pengabdi Setan is a 1980 Indonesian horror film directed by Sisworo Gautama Putra, the title translates into ``Satan's Slave'' which is also the name of the US DVD release.	Pengabdi Setan	Sisworo Gautama Putra
director	Das einfache Mädchen is a 1957 West German musical comedy film directed by Werner Jacobs and produced by Artur Brauner.	Das einfache Mädchen	Werner Jacobs
director	Devara Kannu (Kannada: ದೇವರ ಕಣ್ಣು) is a 1975 Indian Kannada film, directed by Y. R. Swamy.	Devara Kannu	Y. R. Swamy
director	Invited People (초대받은 성웅들 - 초대받은 사람들 - Chodaebadeun seongungdeul or Chodaebadeun saramdeul) is a 1981 South Korean film directed by Choi Ha-won.	Invited People	Choi Ha-won
director	Nightmare in the Sun (1965) is a film drama directed by John Derek and Marc Lawrence, and written by George Fass and Fanya Foss, about a murderous affair.	Nightmare in the Sun	John Derek	Marc Lawrence
director	Jagadguru Adi Shankara is a 2013 ensemble cast Telugu biographical-devotional film produced by Nara Jaya Sri Devi on Global Peace Creators banner, directed by J. K. Bharavi.	Jagadguru Adi Shankara	J. K. Bharavi
director	It Might Get Loud is a 2008 American documentary film by filmmaker Davis Guggenheim.	It Might Get Loud	Davis Guggenheim
director	The Rajah's Dream (French: Le rêve du radjah ou La forêt enchantée) is a short silent film created and released in 1900 and directed by Georges Méliès.	The Rajah's Dream	Georges Méliès
director	La Horse (Italian: Il Clan degli uomini violenti, German: Der Erbarmungslose) is a 1970 French-language thriller directed by Pierre Granier-Deferre and based on Michel Lambesc's novel.	La Horse	Pierre Granier-Deferre
director	Viol à la tire (2001) is a 12 minutes short film written and directed by Noël Mitrani.	Viol à la tire	Noël Mitrani
director	Un Oso Rojo (Red Bear or A Red Bear) is a 2002 Argentine, Spanish, and French drama film, directed by Israel Adrián Caetano.	Un Oso Rojo	Adrián Caetano
director	The Fourth King (German: Der vierte König) is a 2006 German / Swiss / Swedish film directed by Michael Ekbladh and Ted Sieger.	The Fourth King	Ted Sieger
director	Death at Love House (a.k.a. The Shrine of Lorna Love) is a 1976 made-for-TV horror film directed by E.W. Swackhamer.	Death at Love House	E.W. Swackhamer
director	The Miller and the Sweep is a 1898 British short black-and-white silent comedy film, directed by George Albert Smith, featuring a miller carrying a bag of flour fighting with a chimney sweep carrying a bag of soot in front of a windmill, before a crowd comes and chases them away.	The Miller and the Sweep	George Albert Smith
director	Quiet Days in Hollywood (also known as The Way We Are) is a 1997 drama film written by Robert G. Brown and Josef Rusnak.	Quiet Days in Hollywood	Josef Rusnak
director	Life of an Expert Swordsman (Japanese: Aru kengo no shōgai 或る剣豪の生涯) is a 1959 samurai film directed by Hiroshi Inagaki and starring Toshiro Mifune.	Life of an Expert Swordsman	Hiroshi Inagaki
director	Secrets of Eden is a 2012 suspense television film directed by Tawnia McKiernan, based on a book by Chris Bohjalian published in 2010.	Secrets of Eden	Tawnia McKiernan
director	Quax, der Bruchpilot is a 1941 German film directed by Kurt Hoffmann.	Quax, der Bruchpilot	Kurt Hoffmann
director	Rajaparambara is a 1977 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Dr. Balakrishnan and produced by MP Bhaskaran.	Rajaparambara	Dr. Balakrishnan
director	Criminal Lawyer is a 1937 American drama film directed by Christy Cabanne from a screenplay by G. V. Atwater and Thomas Lennon, based on a story by Louis Stevens.	Criminal Lawyer	Christy Cabanne
director	Mädchen, Mädchen (English: Girls, Girls), also known as Girls on Top, is a 2001 German film directed by Dennis Gansel.	Mädchen, Mädchen	Dennis Gansel
director	Should Wives Work? is a 1937 American short comedy film directed by Leslie Goodwins.	Should Wives Work?	Leslie Goodwins
director	Padichakallan is a 1969 Indian Malayalam film, directed by M. Krishnan Nair and produced by AL Sreenivasan.	Padichakallan	M. Krishnan Nair
director	Two White Arms is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Fred Niblo and starring Adolphe Menjou, Margaret Bannerman and Claud Allister.	Two White Arms	Fred Niblo
director	See America Thirst is a 1930 comedy film produced and distributed by Universal Pictures and directed by William James Craft.	See America Thirst	William James Craft
director	Overland Mail Robbery is a 1943 American Western film directed by John English and written by Robert Creighton Williams and Robert Yost.	Overland Mail Robbery	John English
director	100 Women is a 2002 comedy film written and directed by Michael Davis.	100 Women	Michael Davis
director	Chic! is a 2015 French romantic comedy film directed by Jérôme Cornuau.	Chic!	Jérôme Cornuau
director	He's Way More Famous Than You is a 2013 comedy feature film written by and starring Halley Feiffer and Ryan Spahn, and directed by Michael Urie, who also costars.	He's Way More Famous Than You	Michael Urie
director	Zebra Lounge is a 2001 erotic thriller directed by Kari Skogland and written by Claire Montgomery and Monte Montgomery.	Zebra Lounge	Kari Skogland
director	When Harry Tries to Marry is a 2010 romantic comedy film, co-written, produced and directed by Nayan Padrai and starring Rahul Rai, Stefanie Estes, and Freishia Bomanbehram.	When Harry Tries to Marry	Nayan Padrai
director	Boys Will Be Joys is a 1925 American short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan.	Boys Will Be Joys	Robert F. McGowan
director	In the Name of the Kaisers (German:Im Namen des Kaisers) is a 1925 German silent film directed by Robert Dinesen and starring Lya De Putti, Hermann Vallentin and Jenny Marba.	In the Name of the Kaisers	Robert Dinesen
director	Camel Safari is a 2013 Malayalam film directed by Jayaraj which narrates a love story on the background of Rajasthan.	Camel Safari	Jayaraj
director	Why Sailors Leave Home is a 1930 British comedy film directed by Monty Banks and starring Leslie Fuller, Peter Bernard and Eve Gray.	Why Sailors Leave Home	Monty Banks
director	A Conversation with Norman, produced and directed by Jonathan M. Parisen, is a horror film homage to Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho.	A Conversation with Norman	Jonathan M. Parisen
director	The Law Divine is a 1920 silent British crime film directed by H. B. Parkinson and Challis Sanderson.	The Law Divine	H. B. Parkinson	Challis Sanderson
director	Worthless Woman (French:Fille de rien) is a 1921 French silent film directed by André Hugon and starring Suzanne Talba, José Durany and Vasseur.	Worthless Woman	André Hugon
director	The Sea God is a 1930 American Pre-Code adventure film written and directed by George Abbott.	The Sea God	George Abbott
director	Swara Mandal or Dance of the Wind is an 1997 Hindi film written and directed by Rajan Khosa, it was the feature film debut of the director.	Dance of the Wind	Rajan Khosa
director	Sexy Evil Genius is a 2013 American dark comedy film written by Scott Lew and directed by Shawn Piller.	Sexy Evil Genius	Shawn Piller
director	Ee Thanutha Veluppan Kalathu (Malayalam: ഈ തണുത്ത വെളുപ്പാന്‍ കാലത്ത്, English: In This Cold Morning) is a 1990 Malayalam mystery thriller film written by Padmarajan and directed by Joshiy.	Ee Thanutha Veluppan Kalathu	Joshiy
director	A Sinner in Mecca is a 2015 documentary film from director Parvez Sharma (A Jihad for Love).	A Sinner in Mecca	Parvez Sharma
director	Her Husband Lies is a 1937 American drama film directed by Edward Ludwig and written by Wallace Smith and Eve Greene.	Her Husband Lies	Edward Ludwig
director	Who's Your Lady Friend? is a 1937 British comedy film directed by Carol Reed and starring Frances Day, Vic Oliver and Betty Stockfeld.	Who's Your Lady Friend?	Carol Reed
director	One Summer of Happiness (Swedish: Hon dansade en sommar - She danced for a summer) is a 1951 Swedish film by director Arne Mattsson, based on the 1949 novel Sommardansen (The Summer Dance) by Per Olof Ekström.	One Summer of Happiness	Arne Mattsson
director	Kumkumacheppu is a 1996 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Thulasidas and produced by R Mukesh Mehta.	Kumkumacheppu	Thulasidas
director	Chapala Chennigaraya (Kannada: ಚಪಲ ಚೆನ್ನಿಗರಾಯ) is a 1990 Indian Kannada film, directed by H. R. Bhargava and produced by M Rajagopal and Suresh Kumar.	Chapala Chennigaraya	H. R. Bhargava
director	Saving Christmas (sometimes referred to as Kirk Cameron's Saving Christmas) is a 2014 American faith-based Christmas comedy film directed by Darren Doane and written by Doane and Cheston Hervey.	Saving Christmas	Darren Doane
director	Rust Never Sleeps is an album by Canadian singer-songwriter Neil Young and American band Crazy Horse.	Rust Never Sleeps	Neil Young
director	Bewitched Love (Spanish: El amor brujo) is a 1967 Spanish drama film directed by Francisco Rovira Beleta and based on the eponymous ballet by Manuel de Falla.	Bewitched Love	Francisco Rovira Beleta
director	Our Friends, the Hayseeds is a 1917 Australian rural comedy from director Beaumont Smith.	Our Friends, the Hayseeds	Beaumont Smith
director	Hodet over vannet is a norwegian black comedy by director Nils Gaup.	Hodet over vannet	Nils Gaup
director	Mournful Unconcern (Russian: Скорбное бесчувствие, translit. Skorbnoye beschuvstviye) is the third produced film by Alexander Sokurov, completed in 1983, but the fourth released one, as it was banned by Soviet authorities until perestroika in 1987.	Mournful Unconcern	Alexander Sokurov
director	The Spanish Sword is a low budget 1962 British adventure film directed by Ernest Morris and starring Ronald Howard, June Thorburn and Nigel Green.	The Spanish Sword	Ernest Morris
director	Erotissimo is a 1969 French-Italian comedy film directed by Gérard Pirès.	Erotissimo	Gérard Pirès
director	Wrathful Journey (Bulgarian: Гневно пътуване, translit. Gnevno patuvane) is a 1971 Bulgarian drama film directed by Nikola Korabov.	Wrathful Journey	Nikola Korabov
director	The War of the Volcanoes (Italian original title La guerra dei vulcani) is a 2012 documentary film directed by Francesco Patierno detailing the filming of Roberto Rossellini's 1950 film Stromboli starring Ingrid Bergman as well as the 1950 film Volcano starring Anna Magnani.	The War of the Volcanoes	Francesco Patierno
director	Vinayak Chakravorty from Hindustan Times gave the film 4 out of 5 stars, writing, ``Fiza is more than just about Khalid Mohamed's foray into filmmaking.	Fiza	Khalid Mohamed
director	Motion Painting No. 1 (1947) is a short animated film in which film artist Oskar Fischinger put images in motion to the music of Johann Sebastian Bach's Brandenburg Concerto no. 3, BWV 1048.	Motion Painting No. 1	Oskar Fischinger
director	Dard Ka Rishta is a 1982 Indian Bollywood film produced and directed by Sunil Dutt who also stars.	Dard Ka Rishta	Sunil Dutt
director	Blazing Stewardesses is a 1975 American sex comedy film, directed by Al Adamson.	Blazing Stewardesses	Al Adamson
director	Blestemul pământului, blestemul iubirii (The curse of the land, the curse of love) is a 1981 Romanian drama film directed by Mircea Mureșan.	Blestemul pământului, blestemul iubirii	Mircea Mureșan
director	Goli čovik (trans. Naked person - from local Ikavian) is a Croatian film directed by Obrad Gluščević released in 1968.	Goli čovik	Obrad Gluščević
director	Time Signs was created in 1988 when producer Tim Taylor asked Mick Aston to present Time Signs, a history and archaeology series that tells the story of Wolf Valley in Devon.	Time Signs	Tim Taylor
director	Flaming Hearts (German: Flammende Herzen) is a 1978 West German drama film directed by Walter Bockmayer and Rolf Bührmann.	Flaming Hearts	Walter Bockmayer
director	Oro, Plata, Mata is a 1982 multi-awarded Filipino film directed by Peque Gallaga, and is considered his most significant contribution to Philippine cinema.	Oro, Plata, Mata	Peque Gallaga
director	Love Is the Perfect Crime (French: L'Amour est un crime parfait) is a 2013 French-Swiss drama thriller film directed by Arnaud Larrieu and Jean-Marie Larrieu.	Love Is the Perfect Crime	Arnaud Larrieu	Jean-Marie Larrieu
director	Man from Canyon City ( Spanish: Viva Carrancho, Italian: L'uomo che viene da Canyon City) is a 1965 Spanish-Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Alfonso Balcázar.	Man from Canyon City	Alfonso Balcázar
director	Police, Adjective (Romanian: Polițist, Adjectiv) is a 2009 Romanian drama film directed by Corneliu Porumboiu.	Police, Adjective	Corneliu Porumboiu
director	Ripa Hits the Skids (Finnish: Ripa ruostuu) is a 1993 Finnish comedy film directed by Christian Lindblad.	Ripa Hits the Skids	Christian Lindblad
director	5-25-77 is a coming of age film written and directed by Patrick Read Johnson and produced by Fred Roos and Gary Kurtz.	5-25-77	Patrick Read Johnson
director	No One Can Achieve Perfection (Faroese: Eingin kann gera tað perfekta) is a 2008 documentary film directed by Katrin Ottarsdóttir.	No One Can Achieve Perfection	Katrin Ottarsdóttir
director	Keeper of Darkness is a 2015 Hong Kong horror film directed by and starring Nick Cheung.	Keeper of Darkness	Nick Cheung
director	Reminiscences of a Journey to Lithuania is a 1971--72 documentary film by Jonas Mekas.	Reminiscences of a Journey to Lithuania	Jonas Mekas
director	Jaali Note (English: Fake Currency) is a 1960 Hindi film directed by Shakti Samanta, based on theme of counterfeit money.	Jaali Note	Shakti Samanta
director	Bommarillu (English: Dollhouse) ( pronunciation ) is a 2006 Telugu romantic comedy film directed and co-written by Bhaskar, and produced by Dil Raju.	Bommarillu	Bhaskar
director	The Dollars Trilogy (Italian: Trilogia del dollaro), also known as the Man with No Name Trilogy, is a film series consisting of three Spaghetti Western films directed by Sergio Leone.	Dollars Trilogy	Sergio Leone
director	There You Are! was a 1926 American silent comedy film directed by Edward Sedgwick.	There You Are!	Edward Sedgwick
director	Sergeant Swell of the Mounties is a 1972 short film written and directed by Len Janson and Chuck Menville, and starring Menville in the title role.	Sergeant Swell of the Mounties	Len Janson	Chuck Menville
director	So Much for So Little is a 1949 American short documentary film directed by Chuck Jones.	So Much for So Little	Chuck Jones
director	The Desert Island (Chinese: 浪淘沙; pinyin: Lang tao sha) is a 1936 Chinese film directed by Wu Yonggang.	The Desert Island	Wu Yonggang
director	Khuda Gawah (translation: God is witness) is a 1992 Bollywood epic Romance drama film produced by Nazir Ahmed & Manoj Desai on Glamour Films banner, directed by Mukul S. Anand.	Khuda Gawah	Mukul S. Anand
director	Echo of the Mountain (Spanish: Eco de la montaña) is a 2014 Mexican documentary film about Santos de la Torre directed by Nicolás Echevarría.	Echo of the Mountain	Nicolás Echevarría
director	100,000 Cobbers is a 1942 dramatised documentary made by director Ken G. Hall for the Australian Department of Information during World War II to boost recruitment into the armed forces.	100,000 Cobbers	Ken G. Hall
director	Yakshagaanam is a 1976 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Sheela and produced by Mathi Oli Shanmukham.	Yakshagaanam	Sheela
director	Aarada Gaaya is a 1980 Indian Kannada-language action film written by M. D. Sundar and directed by V. Somashekhar.	Aarada Gaaya	V. Somashekhar
director	Sherlock Holmes and the House of Fear (promoted simply as The House of Fear) is a 1945 crime film directed by Roy William Neill.	Sherlock Holmes and the House of Fear	Roy William Neill
director	101 Chodyangal (English: 101 Questions) is a 2013 Indian Malayalam film written and directed by Sidhartha Siva.	101 Chodyangal	Sidhartha Siva
director	Alien Love Triangle is a 2008 comedy-science fiction short film directed by Danny Boyle.	Alien Love Triangle	Danny Boyle
director	Lebewohl, Fremde is a 1991 German drama film directed by Tevfik Başer.	Lebewohl, Fremde	Tevfik Başer
director	Mechanics of the Brain (Russian: Механика головного мозга, Myekhanika golovnogo mozga) is a 1926 Soviet documentary film directed by Vsevolod Pudovkin, a popularization of Ivan Pavlov's studies in classical conditioning.	Mechanics of the Brain	Vsevolod Pudovkin
director	Roogie's Bump is a 1954 American comedy film directed by Harold Young and written by Jack Hanley and Dan Totheroh.	Roogie's Bump	Harold Young
director	Srimanthudu (English: Wealthy Man) is a 2015 Indian Telugu drama film written and directed by Koratala Siva.	Srimanthudu	Koratala Siva
director	Strikebound is a 1984 Australian film directed by Richard Lowenstein and based on the Wendy Lowenstein novel Dead Men Don't Dig Coal.	Strikebound	Richard Lowenstein
director	Crippled Avengers is a 1978 Shaw Brothers kung fu film directed by Chang Cheh and starring four members of the Venom Mob.	Crippled Avengers	Chang Cheh
director	Rayaru Bandaru Mavana Manege is a 1993 Indian Kannada romantic drama - action film directed by Dwarakish and produced by P. Balaram.	Rayaru Bandaru Mavana Manege	Dwarakish
director	Endure is a 2010 crime thriller film directed and written by Joe O'Brien.	Endure	Joe O'Brien
director	True Heaven is a 1929 American drama film directed by James Tinling and written by Malcolm Stuart Boylan and Dwight Cummins.	True Heaven	James Tinling
director	On the Far Side of the Tunnel (Spanish: Al otro lado del túnel) is a 1994 Spanish drama film directed by Jaime de Armiñán.	On the Far Side of the Tunnel	Jaime de Armiñán
director	For a Good Time, Call... is a 2012 American comedy film directed by Jamie Travis.	For a Good Time, Call...	Jamie Travis
dissolved or abolished	The French protectorate of Tunisia (French: Protectorat français de Tunisie; Arabic: الحماية الفرنسية في تونس‎ al-Ḥimāya al-Fransīya fī Tūnis) was established in 1881, during the French colonial Empire era, and lasted until Tunisian independence in 1956.	French protectorate of Tunisia	1956
dissolved or abolished	Granville Brothers Aircraft was an aircraft manufacturer in operation from 1929 until its bankruptcy in 1934.	Granville Brothers Aircraft	1934
dissolved or abolished	In February 1945, Brücher was ordered to destroy the Ahnenerbe's 18 active research facilities to avoid their capture by advancing Soviet forces.	Ahnenerbe	1945
dissolved or abolished	The Nieuwe Republiek (``New Republic'') was a small Boer republic, which existed from 1884 to 1888 in present-day South Africa.	Nieuwe Republiek	1888
dissolved or abolished	The Electoral district of Port Phillip was an electorate of the New South Wales Legislative Council before it became the separate colony of Victoria (Australia) on 1 July 1851.	Electoral district of Port Phillip	1851
dissolved or abolished	The New Zealand Shipping Company (NZSC) was a shipping company whose ships ran passenger and cargo services between Great Britain and New Zealand between 1873 and 1973.	New Zealand Shipping Company	1973
dissolved or abolished	The Colony of Southern Rhodesia was a self-governing British Crown colony in southern Africa from 1923 to 1980, equivalent in territorial terms to modern Zimbabwe.	Southern Rhodesia	1980
dissolved or abolished	Połock Voivodeship (Polish: Województwo połockie) was a unit of administrative division and local government in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth (Grand Duchy of Lithuania) since the 15th century until the partitions of Poland in 1793.	Połock Voivodeship	1793
dissolved or abolished	The Hartford Blues of the National Football League played only in the 1926 NFL season, with a record of 3--7.	Hartford Blues	1926
dissolved or abolished	The Second French Empire (French: Le Second empire français) was the Imperial Bonapartist regime of Napoleon III from 1852 to 1870, between the Second Republic and the Third Republic, in France.	Second French Empire	1870
dissolved or abolished	The Gallic Empire (Latin: Imperium Galliarum) is the modern name for a breakaway part of the Roman Empire that functioned de facto as a separate state from 260 to 274.	Gallic Empire	274
dissolved or abolished	In 2011 BC Alytus went to bankruptcy, and another basketball club, called BC Savanoris, was established in Alytus.	BC Alytus	2011
educated at	Jonathan Lavine serves as a trustee of Columbia University, is a former chair of the Columbia College Board of Visitors and was co-chair of the Columbia Campaign.	Jonathan Lavine	Columbia University
educated at	Thomas de Waal graduated from Balliol College, Oxford with a First Class Degree in Modern Languages (Russian and Modern Greek).	Thomas de Waal	Balliol College
educated at	Christine Sadler received her undergraduate degree from Peabody College (now an affiliate of Vanderbilt University) and her master's degree in journalism from Columbia University in 1937.	Christine Sadler	Vanderbilt University	Columbia University
educated at	From 1944 to 1956, Prescott Bush was a member of the Yale Corporation, the principal governing body of Yale University.	Prescott Bush	Yale University
educated at	Allan McEachern, BA, LL.B, LL.D (Honoris Causa) (May 20, 1926 -- January 10, 2008) was a Canadian lawyer, a judge, and a Chancellor of the University of British Columbia.	Allan McEachern	University of British Columbia
educated at	Harbert Gregory attended the University of Florida, and in 1938 he graduated with a Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering.	Harbert Gregory	University of Florida
educated at	Suzanna Kempner (born Suzanna Maria Kempner 1 February 1985) is an English actress, singer and stand-up comedian who studied at the Royal Academy of Music.	Suzanna Kempner	Royal Academy of Music
educated at	Henry-Russell Hitchcock was born in Boston and educated at Middlesex School and Harvard University, receiving his A.B. in 1924 and his M.A. in 1927.	Henry-Russell Hitchcock	Harvard University
educated at	Mangesh Hattikudur is the co-founder of the American humor magazine mental floss, which he started with Will Pearson when both were students at Duke University.	Mangesh Hattikudur	Duke University
educated at	He obtained his early education from The Doon School, and from the well-known university of Pakistan, Forman Christian College University, Lahore.In early days at school level in Dehradun located in India, Jamsheed Marker played cricket there and later at F.C. College Lahore.	Jamsheed Marker	Forman Christian College
educated at	Jasmina Novokmet (born 8 September 1969 in Pristina, Yugoslavia - in present-day Kosovo) is a Serbian conductor, Professor of Conducting and former Associate Dean at the University of Pristina Faculty of Arts.	Jasmina Novokmet	University of Pristina
educated at	Donna Shaw received her bachelor's degrees in English and Journalism from The Pennsylvania State University.	Donna Shaw	Pennsylvania State University
educated at	Francis Wright Bradley (January 18, 1884 in Troy, Abbeville County, South Carolina - December 18, 1971, Columbia, Richland County, South Carolina) was a Dean at the University of South Carolina, as well as a professor of languages, and acting University President in 1952.	Francis Wright Bradley	University of South Carolina
educated at	Holly Ponichtera is an immunologist and figure skater who competed for Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire.	Holly Ponichtera	Dartmouth College
educated at	Wolfgang Haack studied mechanical engineering at the University of Hanover and mathematics in Jena.	Wolfgang Haack	University of Hanover
educated at	Larry Wortzel received a B.A. degree from Columbus College (now Columbus State University) in Columbus, Georgia, and earned his Master's and Ph.D. degrees in political science from the University of Hawaii.	Larry Wortzel	Columbus State University	University of Hawaii
educated at	Ian Mitroff studied at the University of California, Berkeley where he received a B.S. in Engineering Physics, a M.S. in Structural Mechanics (Structural Engineering), and a PhD in Engineering Science (Industrial Engineering) with the thesis, entitled ``A study of simulation-aided engineering design.''	Ian Mitroff	University of California, Berkeley
educated at	Literary and poetic translation was Anna Gerasimova's major field during her studies in the Maxim Gorky Literature Institute.	Anna Gerasimova	Maxim Gorky Literature Institute
educated at	Jodie Fisher was born in Dallas, Texas and graduated from Texas Tech University.	Jodie Fisher	Texas Tech University
educated at	Shemaryahu Talmon (Hebrew: שמריהו טלמון) (born Shemaryahu Zelmanowicz; 1920 in Skierniewice, Poland -- December 15, 2010) was J. L. Magnes Professor of Bible at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.	Shemaryahu Talmon	Hebrew University of Jerusalem
educated at	Alexander Friedrich von Hueck (1802--1842) was a Baltic-German professor of anatomy at the University of Tartu, and a notable estophile.	Alexander Friedrich von Hueck	University of Tartu
educated at	Jonathan Crary, is an art critic and essayist, and is Meyer Schapiro Professor of Modern Art and Theory at Columbia University in New York.	Jonathan Crary	Columbia University
educated at	Alexander Fraser Tytler, Lord Woodhouselee FRSE (15 October 1747 -- 5 January 1813) was a Scottish advocate, judge, writer and historian who served as Professor of Universal History, and Greek and Roman Antiquities at the University of Edinburgh.	Alexander Fraser Tytler, Lord Woodhouselee	University of Edinburgh
educated at	Dennis Basso attended the Catholic University of America in Washington, D.C. and the Fashion Institute of Technology in New York.	Dennis Basso	Fashion Institute of Technology
educated at	Mynors Bright (1818--1883) was an English academic, president of Magdalene College, Cambridge, from 1853 to 1873.	Mynors Bright	Magdalene College
educated at	Basil O'Connor did his undergraduate work at Dartmouth College and graduated from Harvard Law School, then was admitted to the bar to practice law in 1915.	Basil O'Connor	Dartmouth College	Harvard Law School
educated at	Carolyn Brady studied art at the University of Oklahoma in Norman from 1958 to 1961 before moving to New York where she lived until the end of her life.	Carolyn Brady	University of Oklahoma
educated at	Born into a family of poor Chinese immigrants, Weng Tojirakarn was admitted to the prestigious Triam Udom Suksa School for his outstanding intelligence.	Weng Tojirakarn	Triam Udom Suksa School
educated at	After attending St. Sebastian's School in Needham, Massachusetts, Richard Pitino earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in history at Providence College in 2005.	Richard Pitino	Providence College
educated at	Gaston Eyskens studied at the Catholic University of Leuven where he gained a master and doctorate degree.	Gaston Eyskens	Catholic University of Leuven
educated at	Born in 1752, William Linn was graduated from the College of New Jersey (now Princeton University) with a Bachelor of Arts (A.B.) in 1772, and was ordained by the Donegal Presbytery in 1775.	William Linn	Princeton University
educated at	Lainie Friedman Ross is a 1982 graduate of Princeton University where she majored in the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs.	Lainie Friedman Ross	Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs
educated at	Yaron Ezrahi, born in 1940 in Tel-Aviv, is an Israeli political theorist and an Emeritus professor at The Hebrew University of Jerusalem.	Yaron Ezrahi	Hebrew University of Jerusalem
educated at	Ernest Babelon trained from 1874 to 1878 to be an archivist at the École Nationale des Chartes.	Ernest Babelon	École Nationale des Chartes
educated at	Mogens Koch (2 March 1898 -- 16 September 1992) was a Danish architect and furniture designer and, from 1950 to 1968, a professor at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts.	Mogens Koch	Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts
educated at	Edwin Cuthbert Hall (1874--1953) was an Australian physician and philanthropist who through a bequest funded the Edwin Cuthbert Hall Chair of Middle Eastern Archaeology within the Department of Archaeology at the University of Sydney.	Edwin Cuthbert Hall	University of Sydney
educated at	Felix Dodds was influenced at an early age by the visions of Robert Kennedy, John F. Kennedy, and Martin Luther King, Jr. Dodds went on to study physics at the University of Surrey, where he was very active in student politics.	Felix Dodds	University of Surrey
educated at	Cecilia Medina studied legal and social sciences at the University of Chile in Santiago and earned a doctorate in law at the University of Utrecht in the Netherlands.	Cecilia Medina	University of Chile
educated at	As a senior at Auburn University, Marcus Washington played defensive end and posted seven sacks and 52 tackles.	Marcus Washington	Auburn University
educated at	Their granddaughter Hélène Langevin-Joliot is a professor of nuclear physics at the University of Paris, and their grandson Pierre Joliot, who was named after Pierre Curie, is a noted biochemist.	Pierre Curie	University of Paris
educated at	Gennady Alferenko studied Geology and Geophysics at the Novosibirsk State University from 1966 through 1973.	Gennady Alferenko	Novosibirsk State University
educated at	David Moniac (December 1802 -- November 21, 1836) (Creek) was an American military officer and in 1822 the first Native American graduate of the United States Military Academy.	David Moniac	United States Military Academy
educated at	Born in Preston, the son of Joshua Milne Cheetham, MP, he was educated at Rossall School, from which he won a scholarship to Christ Church, Oxford.	Milne Cheetham	Christ Church
educated at	Born in Madiun, East Java, Soenario was educated at Leiden University in the Netherlands and was a founder of Perhimpunan Indonesia (in at least one source referred to as Perhimpunan Mahasiswa Indonesia), an Indonesian students' organization, while studying at the Faculty of Law.	Soenario	Leiden University
educated at	Adriano Moreira was born in Macedo de Cavaleiros, northern Portugal, son of António José Moreira and wife Leopoldina do Céu Alves, and graduated in Law from the University of Lisbon in 1944.	Adriano Moreira	University of Lisbon
educated at	Saul Rae graduated from Jarvis Collegiate, University College at the University of Toronto, and went on to earn a doctorate from the London School of Economics as a Massey Fellow.	Saul Rae	University of Toronto
educated at	Jeremy Gibbons is a Computer Scientist and Professor of Computing at the University of Oxford.	Jeremy Gibbons	University of Oxford
educated at	Professor Dr. Edward McCombie McGirr CBE was Muirhead professor of medicine at Glasgow Royal Infirmary, a former President of the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Glasgow and Dean of Faculties at the University of Glasgow.	Edward McCombie McGirr	University of Glasgow
educated at	Stuart Woods was born in Manchester, Georgia and graduated in 1959 from the University of Georgia, with a Bachelor of Arts in Sociology.	Stuart Woods	University of Georgia
educated at	Gilbert Larose (also known as Gil LaRose) was a gymnast who was named NCAA all-around champion for the University of Michigan in 1963 and competed for Canada in the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics.	Gilbert Larose	University of Michigan
educated at	He was born in London, the son of Henry Kemble, a captain of the 37th Foot, and educated at Maze Hill School Greenwich, King's College School and King's College London.	Henry Kemble	King's College School	King's College London
educated at	Wayne Visser completed his high school at Fairbairn College in 1987 and went on to study marketing and economics as part of a Business Science Honours degree at the University of Cape Town.	Wayne Visser	University of Cape Town
educated at	Harry L. Wilson (born 1957) is a Pennsylvania State University and Rutgers University alumni.	Harry L. Wilson	Pennsylvania State University	Rutgers University
educated at	Roberts and Barrand is a musical group formed in 1969 by John Roberts and Tony Barrand while they were graduate students in psychology at Cornell University.	Roberts and Barrand	Cornell University
educated at	After graduating with First Class honours in chemistry in 1912 at East London College (now Queen Mary, University of London), Jack Drummond became a research assistant in the department of physiology at King's College London, working under Otto Rosenheim and the professor W.D. Halliburton.	Jack Drummond	Queen Mary, University of London
educated at	Yin Yin Nwe obtained a Bachelor of Science degree from Yangon University and later finished a Doctor of Philosophy in the Earth Sciences from the University of Cambridge.	Yin Yin Nwe	University of Cambridge
educated at	Roger Finke earned his doctorate in sociology at the University of Washington in 1984, and held faculty positions at Concordia College in Illinois, Loyola University of Chicago, and Purdue University before joining the faculty at The Pennsylvania State University in 2000.	Roger Finke	University of Washington
educated at	Zachary Mainen studied psychology and philosophy at Yale University, received his doctorate in Neuroscience from the University of California, San Diego, and held a faculty position at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory, New York, before moving to Lisbon to found the Champalimaud Neuroscience Programme.	Zachary Mainen	Yale University
employer	Frank Chirkinian (June 3, 1926 -- March 4, 2011) was an Armenian-American CBS Sports producer and director.	Frank Chirkinian	CBS Sports
employer	Pam Peters is an Emeritus Professor of Linguistics at Macquarie University, Sydney, Australia.	Pam Peters	Macquarie University
employer	Shana O. Kelley is a scientist and Professor of Biochemistry at the University of Toronto's Faculty of Pharmacy and Faculty of Medicine.	Shana O. Kelley	University of Toronto
employer	Werner Gruner (1904--1995) was a small-arms designer, mechanical engineer, university teacher and from 1958 to 1961 rector of the Dresden University of Technology.	Werner Gruner	Dresden University of Technology
employer	Thomas W. Parks (born March 16, 1939 in Buffalo, New York) is an American electrical engineer and Professor Emeritus of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Cornell University.	Thomas W. Parks	Cornell University
employer	Howard H. Stevenson (June 27, 1941) is the Sarofim-Rock Baker Foundation Professor Emeritus at Harvard University.	Howard H. Stevenson	Harvard University
employer	Yoshinori Tokura (十倉 好紀 Tokura Yoshinori, born March 1, 1954) is a Japanese physicist, Professor at University of Tokyo and Director of Center for Emergent Matter Science (CEMS) at RIKEN.	Yoshinori Tokura	University of Tokyo
employer	Louis Rutten studied geology at Utrecht University.	Louis Rutten	Utrecht University
employer	Becky Wai-Ling Packard is Professor of Psychology and Education, and Director of the Weissman Center for Leadership at Mount Holyoke College.	Becky Wai-Ling Packard	Mount Holyoke College
employer	He is also presenting a show called ``24 minutes with Zoran Kesić'', aired on B92, which he writes together with authors of satirical web-magazine njuz.net.	Zoran Kesić	B92
employer	Anne Friedberg was Chair of the Critical Studies Division in the School of Cinematic Arts at the University of Southern California and President-elect of the Society for Cinema and Media Studies.	Anne Friedberg	University of Southern California
employer	Philippe Guyot-Sionnest is a professor at the University of Chicago appointed jointly in the departments of physics and chemistry.	Philippe Guyot-Sionnest	University of Chicago
employer	Dr Mark Allinson (born Epping, 1967) is a member of the University of Bristol's Department of German.	Mark Allinson	University of Bristol
employer	Ailsa McKay (7 June 1963 -- 5 March 2014) was a Scottish economist, government policy adviser, a leading feminist economist and Professor of Economics at Glasgow Caledonian University.	Ailsa McKay	Glasgow Caledonian University
employer	Flavia Pansieri was the United Nations Deputy High Commissioner for Human Rights at the level of Assistant Secretary-General.	Flavia Pansieri	United Nations
employer	Marcia Bunge is a theologian and professor of Lutheran studies at Gustavus Adolphus College.	Marcia Bunge	Gustavus Adolphus College
employer	James A. Bellamy is Professor Emeritus of Arabic Literature at the University of Michigan.	James A. Bellamy	University of Michigan
employer	Margaretta M. Lovell is Jay D. McEvoy, Jr. Professor of the History of Art at the University of California, Berkeley.	Margaretta M. Lovell	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Steven C. Hebert, M.D., (b. 1946 in Rockford, Illinois--d. April 15, 2008), a board certified nephrologist, was the chair and C.N.H. Long Professor of Cellular and Molecular Physiology and professor of medicine at Yale University, beginning in 2000.	Steven C. Hebert	Yale University
employer	Rob Linsenmeier is a researcher and Professor at Northwestern University, and lives in Chicago.	Rob Linsenmeier	Northwestern University
employer	Robert C. Baker (December 29, 1921 -- March 13, 2006) was an inventor and Cornell University professor who invented the chicken nugget as well as many other poultry related inventions.	Robert C. Baker	Cornell University
employer	Marta Kutas (born September 2, 1949) is a Professor and Chair of cognitive science and an adjunct professor of neuroscience at the University of California, San Diego.	Marta Kutas	University of California, San Diego
employer	Chairman of Mathematical Physics at the Sloane Physics Laboratory of Yale University for over three decades, he is the namesake of Yale's prestigious Leigh Page Prize Lectures.	Leigh Page	Yale University
employer	Yahya Rahmat-Samii (born August 20, 1948) is Professor and holder of the Northrop Grumman Chair in Electromagnetics at Electrical Engineering Department at the University of California, Los Angeles, where he teaches and conducts research on microwave transmission and radio antennas.	Yahya Rahmat-Samii	University of California, Los Angeles
employer	Leon Shklar is a professor in the computer science department at Rutgers University, where he teaches a senior level course in advanced web application development.	Leon Shklar	Rutgers University
employer	Peter van Inwagen (born September 21, 1942) is an American analytic philosopher and the John Cardinal O'Hara Professor of Philosophy at the University of Notre Dame.	Peter van Inwagen	University of Notre Dame
employer	Waseem Mirza (born in Peterborough) is a presenter and reporter for BBC television and radio.	Waseem Mirza	BBC
employer	Alexander Gerschenkron (Russian: Александр Гершенкрон; 1 October 1904 -- 26 October 1978) was a Russian-born American Jewish economic historian and professor at Harvard University, trained in the Austrian School of economics.	Alexander Gerschenkron	Harvard University
employer	Robert J. Richards (born 1942) is an author and the Morris Fishbein Distinguished Service Professor of the History of Science and Medicine at the University of Chicago.	Robert J. Richards	University of Chicago
employer	Avrum Stroll (February 15, 1921 -- September 12, 2013) was a research professor at the University of California, San Diego.	Avrum Stroll	University of California, San Diego
employer	Rustem Hayroudinoff graduated from the Moscow Conservatory, where he studied with Lev Naumov, and received his postgraduate degree (DipRAM) at the Royal Academy of Music in London with Christopher Elton.	Rustem Hayroudinoff	Royal Academy of Music
employer	Chris Mannix is a sports writer, reporter, and radio host for Sports Illustrated, Epix and NBC Sports.	Chris Mannix	Sports Illustrated	Epix	NBC Sports
employer	Richard Levis McCormick (born December 26, 1947) is a historian, professor and president emeritus of Rutgers University.	Richard Levis McCormick	Rutgers University
employer	William Benjamin Smith (1850--1934) was a professor of mathematics at Tulane University.	William Benjamin Smith	Tulane University
employer	Johann Harald Kylin, also known as Harald Kylin (1879--1949) was a Swedish botanist specializing in phycology and a professor at Lund University.	Johann Harald Kylin	Lund University
employer	Rufus Wade Fox, Jr. (June 2, 1920 -- September 20, 1964), was an American zoologist and herpetologist from the University of California, Berkeley.	Wade Fox	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Michaela Pereira (born August 26, 1970) is a Canadian television personality best known as being an anchor for KTLA in Los Angeles.	Michaela Pereira	KTLA
employer	Tanika Sarkar is a historian of modern India based at the Jawaharlal Nehru University.	Tanika Sarkar	Jawaharlal Nehru University
employer	José Luis Machinea (born October 5, 1946) is an Argentine economist and United Nations official.	José Luis Machinea	United Nations
employer	She also fronts the BBC Two series, Alex Polizzi:	Alex Polizzi	BBC
employer	Walter Barclay Kamb was a longtime professor and researcher at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech).	Barclay Kamb	California Institute of Technology
employer	Charles Brenton Huggins (September 22, 1901 -- January 12, 1997) was a Canadian-American physician, physiologist and cancer researcher at the University of Chicago specializing in prostate cancer.	Charles Brenton Huggins	University of Chicago
employer	Benjamin Alman, MD, FRCSC, was the head of the division of Orthopedic surgery at the Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto, Ontario, senior scientist in developmental and stem cell biology at Sick Kids, and vice chair of the department of surgery at the University of Toronto.	Benjamin Alman	University of Toronto
employer	David C. Copley (January 31, 1952 -- November 20, 2012) was an American publishing heir, on the board of the Copley Press for over thirty years, becoming president and owner, as well as publisher of the San Diego Union-Tribune.	David C. Copley	Copley Press
employer	Stephen J. Lippard is an American bioinorganic chemist and the Arthur Amos Noyes Professor of Chemistry at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.	Stephen J. Lippard	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	C. Arden Pope III (born c. 1954) is an American professor of economics at Brigham Young University and one of the world's foremost experts in environmental science.	C. Arden Pope	Brigham Young University
employer	David Romer (born March 13, 1958) is an American economist, the Herman Royer Professor of Political Economy at the University of California, Berkeley, the author of a standard textbook in graduate macroeconomics as well as many influential economic papers, particularly in the area of New Keynesian economics.	David Romer	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Jens Weidmann (born 20 April 1968) is a German economist and president of the Deutsche Bundesbank.	Jens Weidmann	Deutsche Bundesbank
employer	Malay Ghosh (Bengali: মলয় ঘোষ) is an Indian statistician and currently a Distinguished Professor at the University of Florida.	Malay Ghosh	University of Florida
employer	Sarah Leah Whitson is an American lawyer who is the director of the Middle East and North Africa division of Human Rights Watch.	Sarah Leah Whitson	Human Rights Watch
employer	Shakira's eighth and ninth albums, She Wolf (2009) and Sale el Sol (2010), received critical praise but suffered from limited promotion due to her strained relationship with label Epic Records.	Shakira	Epic Records
father	Leudesius (assassinated 676) was the son of Erchinoald, Mayor of the Palace of Neustria, and his wife Leutsinde.	Leudesius	Erchinoald
father	Gudrød Bjørnsson was the son of Bjørn Farmann, the king of Vestfold, and a grandson of Harald Fairhair.	Gudrød Bjørnsson	Bjørn Farmann
father	Alfred Jaretzki III (August 11, 1919 -- May 29, 2014) was an American surgeon and medical professor who was the son of lawyer Alfred Jaretzki, Jr. Jaretzki served as a professor of clinical surgery at the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons, and as a lecturer at the Columbia Presbyterian Hospital.	Alfred Jaretzki III	Alfred Jaretzki, Jr.
father	Aun was the son of Jorund, and had ten sons, nine of which he was said to have sacrificed in order to prolong his own life.	Aun	Jorund
father	Charles Beauclerk, 1st Duke of St Albans, KG (8 May 1670 -- 10 May 1726) was an illegitimate son of King Charles II of England by his mistress Nell Gwynne.	Charles Beauclerk, 1st Duke of St Albans	Charles II of England
father	Albert Payson Terhune was born in New Jersey to Mary Virginia Hawes and the Reverend Edward Payson Terhune.	Albert Payson Terhune	Edward Payson Terhune
father	Liüntika or Levente (? - before 907) was a Hungarian tribal chieftain, the eldest son of Grand Prince Árpád.	Liüntika	Árpád
father	Alalcomenia (Ancient Greek: Ἀλαλκομενία) was, in Greek mythology, one of the daughters of Ogyges.	Alalcomenia	Ogyges
father	Hemendranath Tagore (1844--1884), Debendranath Tagore's third son, is notable for being the first ever Brahmo as he was the first child born in 1844 to any of the 21 Brahmos who swore the First Brahmo Covenant on 21 December 1843 at Calcutta (now Kolkata).	Hemendranath Tagore	Debendranath Tagore
father	Adolph II, Count of Nassau-Wiesbaden-Idstein (1386 -- 16 July 1426) was a son of Walram IV, Count of Nassau-Idstein his wife, Bertha of Westerburg.	Adolph II, Count of Nassau-Wiesbaden-Idstein	Walram IV, Count of Nassau-Idstein
father	Son of the Vienna-born American painter Henry Koerner, Joseph Koerner was raised in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and Vienna, Austria.	Joseph Koerner	Henry Koerner
father	Vincent de Bourbon, Count of Guingamp (Vincent Marie Louis; 22 June 1750 -- 14 March 1752) was a son of Louis Jean Marie de Bourbon, Duke of Penthièvre and died before his second birthday.	Vincent de Bourbon, Count of Guingamp	Louis Jean Marie de Bourbon, Duke of Penthièvre
father	Clara Louise Kellogg was born in Sumterville, South Carolina, the daughter of Jane Elizabeth (Crosby) and George Kellogg.	Clara Louise Kellogg	George Kellogg
father	Giacomo Boncompagni (also Jacopo Boncompagni; May 8, 1548 -- August 18, 1612) was an Italian feudal lord of the 16th century, the illegitimate son of Pope Gregory XIII (Ugo Boncompagni).	Giacomo Boncompagni	Gregory XIII
father	François Schubert (né Franz Anton Schubert (the Younger); 22 July 1808, Dresden -- 12 April 1878, Dresden) was a violinist and composer.	François Schubert	Franz Anton Schubert
father	Zhu Gaoxu (Chinese: 朱高煦; 30 December 1380 - 6 October 1426), Prince of Gaoyang (高陽王, created 1395), later the Prince of Han (漢王, created 1404) was the second son of the Yongle Emperor and Empress Ren Xiao Wen.	Zhu Gaoxu	Yongle Emperor
father	Raoul II of Lusignan (c. 1200 -- c. September 1, 1246/September, 1250, buried at the Abbey of Foucarmont) was the son of Raoul I of Lusignan and his second wife Alix of Eu.	Raoul II of Lusignan	Raoul I of Lusignan
father	Magdalena Martullo-Blocher (born 1968/1969) is a Swiss billionaire heiress, businesswoman and politician, the CEO of Ems-Chemie, and the daughter of former Swiss Federal Councillor Christoph Blocher In 2015, she was elected to the National Council as a representative of Graubünden, although she lives in the Canton of Zürich.	Magdalena Martullo-Blocher	Christoph Blocher
father	Ishmael (Hebrew: יִשְׁמָעֵאל, Modern Yishma'el, Tiberian Yišmāʻēl ISO 259-3, Yišmaˁel; Greek: Ἰσμαήλ Ismaēl; Arabic: إسماعيل‎ ʾIsmāʿīl; Latin: Ismael) is a figure in the Tanakh and the Qur'an and was Abraham's first son according to Jews, Christians, and Muslims.	Ishmael	Abraham
father	Soga no Kitashihime (蘇我 堅塩媛) was a Japanese noblewoman and high lady, a daughter of Soga no Iname, a high-ranking official.	Soga no Kitashihime	Soga no Iname
father	Willard Mitt Romney was born on March 12, 1947, at Harper University Hospital in Detroit, Michigan, one of four children born to an automobile executive George W. Romney (1907--1995) and homemaker Lenore Romney (née LaFount; 1908--1998).	Mitt Romney	George W. Romney
father	Charlotte d'Amboise was born in New York City, the daughter of dancers Jacques d'Amboise and Carolyn George.	Charlotte d'Amboise	Jacques d'Amboise
father	Paul Armin Due (1870--1926) was a Norwegian architect Paul Franz Wilhelm Armin Due was the son the renowned architect Paul Due.	Paul Armin Due	Paul Due
father	Francis Jourdain was born on 2 November 1876, son of the architect Frantz Jourdain.	Francis Jourdain	Frantz Jourdain
father	George Randolph Hearst, Sr. (April 23, 1904 -- January 26, 1972) was the eldest son of William Randolph Hearst.	George Randolph Hearst	William Randolph Hearst
father	Aruna Kumari Galla (born 1 August 1949) is the daughter of former Indian Parliamentarian,social activist Paturi Rajagopala Naidu.	Aruna Kumari Galla	Paturi Rajagopala Naidu
founder	DMG Yinji began as an advertising agency that was founded by Dan Mintz, Peter Xiao, and Wu Bing.	DMG Yinji	Dan Mintz
founder	In 1973, Peter Karmanos, Jr., Thomas Thewes, and Allen B. Cutting established Compuware Corporation.	Compuware	Peter Karmanos, Jr.	Thomas Thewes
founder	Pescarolo Sport was a motorsport team based in Le Mans, France and founded in February 2000 by French racing driver Henri Pescarolo and his friend and partner, French publisher François Granet.	Pescarolo Sport	Henri Pescarolo
founder	Operation Mobilisation is a Christian organization founded by George Verwer to mobilise young people to live and share the Gospel of Jesus.	Operation Mobilisation	George Verwer
founder	Mutant Enemy Productions is a production company that was created in 1996 by Joss Whedon to produce Buffy the Vampire Slayer.	Mutant Enemy Productions	Joss Whedon
founder	HRG Group, Inc., (NYSE: HRG) formerly Harbinger Group Inc. and Zapata Corporation, is a holding company based in Rochester, New York, and originating from an oil company started by a group including the former United States president George H. W. Bush.	HRG Group	George H. W. Bush
founder	On 25 July 1567, Captain Diego de Losada laid the foundations of the city of Santiago de León de Caracas.	Caracas	Diego de Losada
founder	Lonely Road Books is a small press publishing company founded in 2007 by Brian James Freeman and Richard Chizmar and based out of Forest Hill, Maryland.	Lonely Road Books	Richard Chizmar
founder	Landesa was founded as the Rural Development Institute in 1967 by Professor Roy Prosterman, a Harvard Law School graduate who left his Wall Street career at Sullivan & Cromwell to teach at the University of Washington School of Law where he established the Law in Sustainable Development Program.	Landesa	Roy Prosterman
founder	Herwart Holland-Moritz, known as Wau Holland, (20 December 1951 -- 29 July 2001) cofounded the Chaos Computer Club (CCC) in 1981, one of the world's oldest hacking clubs.	Wau Holland	Chaos Computer Club
founder	Milwaukee School of Engineering was founded in 1903 by Oscar Werwath and initially called the School of Engineering of Milwaukee.	Milwaukee School of Engineering	Oscar Werwath
founder	LookSmart was founded in Melbourne Australia in late 1995, under the name Homebase, and was majority-owned by Reader's Digest.	LookSmart	Reader's Digest
founder	The Guardian Angels organization was founded February 13, 1979 in New York City by Curtis Sliwa and has more than 130 chapters around the world.	Guardian Angels	Curtis Sliwa
founder	It was founded on January 8, 1886, as Westinghouse Electric Company and later renamed Westinghouse Electric Corporation by George Westinghouse.	Westinghouse Electric Corporation	George Westinghouse
founder	Harry Gordon Selfridge, Sr. (11 January 1858 -- 8 May 1947) was an American retail magnate who founded the London-based department store Selfridges.	Harry Gordon Selfridge	Selfridges
founder	The L-KO Kompany, or L-KO Komedies, was an American motion picture company founded by Henry Lehrman that produced silent one-, two- and very occasionally three-reel comedy shorts between 1914 and 1919.	L-KO Kompany	Henry Lehrman
founder	Scientific American published every Thursday morning at No. 11 Spruce Street, New York, No. 16 State Street, Boston, and No. 2l Arcade Philadelphia, (The principal office being in New York) by Rufus Porter.	Scientific American	Rufus Porter
headquarters location	Delta Scientific Corporation also known just as Delta Scientific is a company based in Palmdale, California, USA.	Delta Scientific Corporation	Palmdale
headquarters location	King of the Dot Entertainment, also known as KOTD, is a rap battle league founded in Toronto, Canada in 2008.	King of the Dot	Toronto
headquarters location	Waha Oil Company (WOC; Arabic: شركة الواحة للنفط‎, or shirkat al-wāḥa lil-nifṭ) is an oil company based in Tripoli, Libya, engaged in the fields of crude oil and natural gas exploration and production.	Waha Oil Company	Tripoli
headquarters location	Bern's Steak House is a steak restaurant in the SoHo district of Tampa, Florida, founded in 1956.	Bern's Steak House	Tampa
headquarters location	The Opekta company was originally based in Cologne, Germany, being founded and owned by Austrian chemists Robert Feix and Richard Fackeldey.	Opekta	Cologne
headquarters location	In 1986, the company re-organized itself as a Delaware corporation under the current name, Caterpillar Inc. Caterpillar's headquarters are located in Peoria, Illinois, United States.	Caterpillar Inc.	Peoria
headquarters location	After the huge growth during the early 1930s, Fawcett Publications relocated its offices to both New York City and Greenwich, Connecticut in 1940.	Fawcett Publications	New York City
headquarters location	Chemtura Corporation is a global corporation headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, with its other principal executive office in Middlebury, Connecticut.	Chemtura	Philadelphia
headquarters location	British Power International (BPI) provides design and advisory solutions to the power sector and is based in Colchester, Essex.	British Power International	Colchester
headquarters location	Jämtlands Bryggeri is a microbrewery located in the small village of Pilgrimstad located in the Municipality of Bräcke in Jämtland, in north western part Sweden.	Jämtlands Bryggeri	Pilgrimstad
headquarters location	Acorda Therapeutics is a biotechnology company based in Ardsley, New York, USA.	Acorda Therapeutics	Ardsley
headquarters location	Shortly following the transfer of ownership, Cedar Fair began the process of integrating the two companies by eliminating the Paramount Parks corporate office in Charlotte, North Carolina and transferring all decision-making to Cedar Fair's offices in Sandusky, Ohio.	Paramount Parks	Charlotte
headquarters location	The headquarters of The Paris Review moved from Paris to New York City in 1973.	The Paris Review	New York City
headquarters location	Masjid Al-Mamoor, also known as the Jamaica Muslim Center, is one of the largest multi-purpose Muslim establishments in the United States.	Masjid Al-Mamoor	Jamaica
headquarters location	E-Square Talkies (or simply E-Square ()) is a Family Entertainment Center of E-Square Leisure Pvt. Ltd. in Pune, Maharashtra.	E-Square Talkies	Pune
headquarters location	GM Broadcasting is the ownership of WLTB-FM, an adult contemporary formatted radio station in the Binghamton, New York, market.	GM Broadcasting	Binghamton
headquarters location	The Weir Group plc is an engineering company headquartered in Glasgow, Scotland.	Weir Group	Glasgow
headquarters location	The Woodstock Mozart Festival had its origins in the 1987 as part of a summer festival at the Woodstock Opera House entitled ``Woodfest''.	Woodstock Mozart Festival	Woodstock Opera House
headquarters location	Aircraft Sales and Parts (ASAP) is an American kit aircraft and parts manufacturer, originally founded based in Vernon, British Columbia and moved to Sealy, Texas in 2013 and renamed the Aeroplane Manufactory.	Aircraft Sales and Parts	Sealy
headquarters location	The Gerlach Barklow Co. was an art calendar factory located in Joliet, Illinois, which was ``one of the largest calendar and advertising companies in America.''	Gerlach Barklow Co.	Joliet
headquarters location	Activ Solar GmbH, headquartered in Vienna, Austria is engaged in the production of polycrystalline silicon (polysilicon) for the solar PV industry and the development of large-scale photovoltaic power stations.	Activ Solar	Vienna
headquarters location	Deutscher Volksverband was most active in the Łódź and Tomaszów area.	Deutscher Volksverband	Łódź
headquarters location	Signavio is a Berlin- and Silicon Valley-based software vendor in the Business Process Management (BPM) space.	Signavio	Berlin
headquarters location	Norway Pelagic ASA is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange and its head office is in Ålesund, Norway.	Norway Pelagic	Ålesund
headquarters location	The administrative headquarters of the Rehau Group is located in Muri bei Bern, Switzerland.	Rehau Group	Muri bei Bern
headquarters location	Bonnett's Energy Corp. is an open-ended investment trust headquartered in Calgary, Alberta serving the oil and gas production and completion services industry in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin (``WCSB'').	Bonnett's Energy	Calgary
headquarters location	Ed Meier respectively the Eduard Meier GmbH was founded in Munich in 1596 and is the oldest existing shoemaking company of Germany.	Ed Meier	Munich
headquarters location	Dean Media Group is a Chicago-based company that provides marketing services to the financial industry.	Dean Media Group	Chicago
headquarters location	Motormouthmedia is a public relations firm based in Los Angeles.	Motormouthmedia	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Temasek Cares CLG Ltd (Temasek Cares) is a Singapore non-profit philanthropic organisation set up in 2009 to commemorate the 35th anniversary of Temasek Holdings.	Temasek Cares	Singapore
headquarters location	Tanzeem Nasle Nau Hazara Mughal is a welfare organization based in Quetta, Pakistan working for the welfare of Hazara people since 1965.	Tanzeem Nasle Nau Hazara Mughal	Pakistan
headquarters location	MD Discount is an Italian global discount supermarket chain, based in Gricignano di Aversa, Italy- It belongs to the holding company Selex Gruppe.	MD Discount	Gricignano di Aversa
headquarters location	The Norwegian government decided in June 2010 that their ocean management and information system BarentsWatch should be placed in Tromsø .	BarentsWatch	Tromsø
headquarters location	Arteluce was a company that specialises in lighting and interior design and was founded by aeronautical engineer and modern lighting pioneer Gino Sarfatti in Milan.	Arteluce	Milan
headquarters location	In 2013 Tavares and Ozlem relocated and started changed the idea of Moofaces and moved to Sunnyvale, California.	Moofaces	Sunnyvale
headquarters location	Four Green Steps is an internet environmental organization based in Montreal, Quebec.	Four Green Steps	Montreal
headquarters location	Rentrak is headquartered in Portland, Oregon, United States, with additional offices in the United States and around the world.	Rentrak	Portland
headquarters location	Seven Lights was a privately held, American developer/publisher of multiplayer online games headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.	Seven Lights	Chicago
headquarters location	The Kissel Motor Car Company was an American automobile and truck manufacturing company founded by Louis Kissel and his sons, George and William, on June 5, 1906 in Hartford, Wisconsin.	Kissel Motor Car Company	Hartford
headquarters location	M. Arthur Gensler Jr. & Associates, Inc., referred to as Gensler, is an American design and architecture firm headquartered in San Francisco.	Gensler	San Francisco
headquarters location	ReadyForZero is a San Francisco-based startup that provides online, personal financial management tools for paying off debt.	ReadyForZero	San Francisco
headquarters location	Royal HaskoningDHV is an international, non-listed engineering consultancy firm with headquarters in Amersfoort, Netherlands.	Royal HaskoningDHV	Amersfoort
headquarters location	Whitewater Brewery is a craft brewery located in Kilkeel, County Down, and the largest microbrewery in Northern Ireland.	Whitewater Brewery	Kilkeel
headquarters location	Geopulse Exploration Inc., founded in 2004, is a publicly listed junior mineral exploration company with corporate headquarters in Albuquerque, New Mexico.	Geopulse Exploration	Albuquerque
headquarters location	Travel between San Francisco and Los Angeles was the most popular route on Zimride.	Zimride	San Francisco
headquarters location	Crescent Point Energy Corp. is an oil and gas company based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Crescent Point Energy	Calgary
headquarters location	Berkeley Bowl is an independent grocery store in Berkeley, California.	Berkeley Bowl	Berkeley, California
headquarters location	Comporium Communications formerly The Rock Hill Telephone Company is a local telephone, internet, cable and home security provider that centrally operates in York and Lancaster counties in the north-central section of South Carolina.	Comporium Communications	Rock Hill
headquarters location	Deutz AG is an engine manufacturer, based in Cologne, Germany.	Deutz AG	Cologne
headquarters location	Chocolat Frey AG, based in Buchs in the Swiss Canton of Aargau, manufactures chocolate and chewing gum.	Chocolat Frey	Buchs
headquarters location	This one is the most important label of Plaza Vea and Supermercados Peruanos has big stores approx. more than 5000 square metres, the first one was opened at Jockey Plaza in Lima in 2001.	Plaza Vea	Lima
headquarters location	The Center for Research on Islamic Studies was established by the decree of the President of The Republic of Uzbekistan PC№ 2282 ``On establishing the Tashkent Islamic University'' April 7, 1999 and the Resolution of the Cabinet of Ministers № 224 of May 6, 1999.	The Center for Research on Islamic Studies	Uzbekistan
headquarters location	In addition to retail locations in San Francisco, Berkeley and Portland, Upper Playground has established affiliated fine art galleries such as Fifty24SF Gallery in San Francisco, Fifty24PDX Gallery in Portland and Fifty24MX Gallery in Mexico City, Mexico.	Upper Playground	San Francisco
headquarters location	National Express Group plc is a British multinational public transport company headquartered in Birmingham that operates bus, coach, train and tram services in the United Kingdom, United States, Canada, Spain, Portugal, Malta, Germany and Morocco and long-distance coach services across Europe.	National Express Group	Birmingham
headquarters location	Wharfedale Brewery is a brewery situated in Ilkley in Wharfedale, West Yorkshire, England, on the edge of the Yorkshire Dales National Park.	Wharfedale Brewery	Ilkley
headquarters location	Computhink's headquarters are in Lombard, Illinois.	Computhink	Lombard
headquarters location	The Montefiore Club was a private social and business association, catering to the Jewish community, located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Montefiore Club	Montreal
headquarters location	Lamagama Entertainment is a major Turkish video game developer established in Ankara, Turkey.	Lamagama Entertainment	Ankara
headquarters location	Z/Yen is a commercial think-tank, consultancy and venture firm headquartered in the City of London.	Z/Yen	London
headquarters location	Medinfar is a Portuguese pharmaceutical company headquartered in Lisbon.	Medinfar	Lisbon
headquarters location	BelAmi is a gay pornographic film studio with offices in Bratislava, Prague and Budapest.	BelAmi	Bratislava
headquarters location	Agate Studio is an Indonesian video game development company based in Bandung, West Java, Indonesia.	Agate Studio	Bandung
headquarters location	A complete shutdown of Soribada has been ordered by the Seoul High Court which suggested that the site has encouraged users to commit copyright violations.	Soribada	Seoul
headquarters location	Kemper Direct Auto and Home Insurance is a direct to consumer auto insurance writer headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.	Kemper Direct	Chicago
headquarters location	The Midcoast Regional Redevelopment Authority (MRRA) is a public municipal corporation created in 2007 by the Maine State Legislature to manage the conversion of the former Naval Air Station Brunswick to civilian use.	Midcoast Regional Redevelopment Authority	Brunswick
headquarters location	FAW Group Corporation is a Chinese state-owned automotive manufacturing company headquartered in Changchun, Jilin, China.	FAW Group	Changchun
headquarters location	Audiogenic Software was a United Kingdom video game developer company.	Audiogenic	United Kingdom
headquarters location	Librascope was a Glendale, California division of General Precision Inc. founded in 1937 by Lewis W. Imm to improve aircraft load balancing, and acquired by General Precision in 1941.	Librascope	Glendale
headquarters location	The Sample, also known as The Sample Dress Shop or The Sample Shop, was a family-owned, high end department store specializing in upscale ladies clothing and furnishings based in Buffalo, New York.	The Sample	Buffalo
headquarters location	The New Zealand Herald is a daily newspaper published in Auckland, New Zealand, owned by New Zealand Media and Entertainment.	The New Zealand Herald	Auckland
headquarters location	SDI Media Czech Republic is one of SDI Media Group international branches.It is based in Prague,the capital of the Czech Republic.The company offers dubbing for TV channels and film distributors.The company also commissions Czech dubs for Animax.	SDI Media Czech Republic	Prague
headquarters location	Moody Publishers (a not-for-profit organization) is a part of the Moody Bible Institute of Chicago.	Moody Publishers	Chicago
headquarters location	Harken, Inc. is an international manufacturer specializing in performance sailing hardware and industrial solutions, headquartered in Pewaukee, Wisconsin, USA.	Harken, Inc.	Pewaukee
headquarters location	Packers Plus Energy Services, Inc. is a privately held, Calgary-based oil and gas service company.	Packers Plus Energy Services	Calgary
headquarters location	Hathorn Davey was a British manufacturer of steam engines, based in Leeds.	Hathorn Davey	Leeds
headquarters location	Opera Lafayette is an opera company based in Washington, D.C. that produces French operas from the 17th and 18th centuries.	Opera Lafayette	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	The Prayag Film City, also known as the Midnapore Film City or Chandrakona Film City, is supposed to be a mega size integrated complex and a one-stop entertainment destination to be opened to the public in two phases at Chandrakona, West Midnapore, 165 km from Kolkata.	Prayag Film City	Kolkata
headquarters location	Worker Studio is an American animation and visual effects company based in Centennial, Colorado, founded in 2009 by Michael ``Ffish'' Hemschoot.	Worker Studio	Centennial
headquarters location	Bay Ferries Limited, referred to simply as Bay Ferries, is a ferry company operating in eastern Canada and is headquartered in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island.	Bay Ferries	Charlottetown
headquarters location	Higher Octave Music is a sub-label imprint of Narada Productions, which, since 2013, is part of Universal Music Group's Capitol Music Group, located in Los Angeles.	Higher Octave Music	Los Angeles
headquarters location	The Enstrom Helicopter Corporation is a Chinese-owned design and manufacturing company, based at the Menominee-Marinette Twin County Airport (ICAO airport code: KMNM) in Michigan, United States.	Enstrom Helicopter Corporation	Menominee
headquarters location	Brenneke GmbH is a German manufacturer of ammunition and bullets, based in Langenhagen, Lower Saxony.	Brenneke	Langenhagen
headquarters location	Monogram Biosciences Inc. (formerly ViroLogic Inc.), a wholly owned subsidiary of LabCorp, is an international biotechnology laboratory located in South San Francisco, California, USA.	Monogram Biosciences	South San Francisco
headquarters location	Mike Hewland ran a small engineering business at Maidenhead in the UK with the specialty in gear cutting.	Hewland	Maidenhead
headquarters location	Z Electric Vehicle Corporation (ZEV) is an electric scooter manufacturer and distributor based in Morgantown, West Virginia, with test facilities in Waynesboro, Pennsylvania.	Z Electric Vehicle	Morgantown
headquarters location	Jannuzzi Smith is a design studio founded in 1993 by Michele Jannuzzi (1967) and Richard Smith (1967) in London.	Jannuzzi Smith	London
headquarters location	Bay of Quinte Yacht Club is a boating club based in Belleville, Ontario, Canada, located on the shores of the Bay of Quinte.	Bay of Quinte Yacht Club	Belleville
headquarters location	POSCO (formerly Pohang Iron and Steel Company) is a multinational steel-making company headquartered in Pohang, South Korea.	POSCO	Pohang
headquarters location	Purple Strategies is an American communications firm headquartered in Alexandria, Virginia and founded in 2008.	Purple Strategies	Alexandria
headquarters location	City Dairy Company Limited was a dairy company founded by Walter Edward Massey (President of Massey-Harris) in 1900 to milk in the city of Toronto.	City Dairy Company Limited	Toronto
headquarters location	Slyce Inc. is a visual search and recognition company headquartered in Toronto.	Slyce	Toronto
headquarters location	EnergySolutions, headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah, is one of the world's largest processors of low level waste (LLW), and is the largest nuclear waste company in the United States.	EnergySolutions	Salt Lake City
headquarters location	Formerly a NASDAQ listed public company, InFocus was purchased by Image Holdings Corp., owned by John Hui, in 2009 and is now a wholly owned subsidiary headquartered in Tigard, Oregon.	InFocus	Tigard
headquarters location	Babbel is operated by Lesson Nine GmbH in Berlin, Germany.	Babbel	Berlin
headquarters location	The Royal College of General Practitioners (RCGP) is the professional body for general (medical) practitioners (GPs/Family Physicians/Primary Care Physicians) in the United Kingdom.	Royal College of General Practitioners	United Kingdom
headquarters location	Fearon Publishers, is a United States publishing company based in Belmont, California.	Fearon Publishers	Belmont
headquarters location	'Wine.com' is a San Francisco based online wine retailer that offers a selection of wines, gift baskets, gift certificates and monthly wine clubs.	Wine.com	San Francisco
headquarters location	Alpina Burkard Bovensiepen GmbH & Co. KG is an automobile manufacturing company based in Buchloe, in the Ostallgäu district of Bavaria, Germany selling their own cars, based on BMW cars.	Alpina	Buchloe
headquarters location	Hogan Lovells is a multinational law firm co-headquartered in London and Washington, D.C..	Hogan Lovells	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Headquartered in Washington, D.C., LivingSocial now has roughly 20 million members around the world.	LivingSocial	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	The company headquarters were consolidated with AlliedSignal's headquarters in Morristown, New Jersey; however the combined company chose the name ``Honeywell'' because of its superior brand recognition.	Honeywell	Morristown
headquarters location	Havelbus, or Havelbus Verkehrsgesellschaft mbH, is the largest bus operating company in Brandenburg, Germany, serving the areas of Potsdam, Potsdam-Mittelmark and Havelland.	Havelbus	Potsdam
headquarters location	Talum is a major Slovenian company based in Kidričevo and specialised in alumina and aluminium products with an annual production capacity of around 156,000 tonnes.	Talum	Kidričevo
headquarters location	The Austria Classic Hotel Wien is a three-star hotel, located on Praterstraße in Vienna's second district, the Leopoldstadt.	Austria Classic Hotel Wien	Vienna
headquarters location	DoRo Produktion Ges.mbH aka DoRo Productions is a film company based in Vienna, Austria.	DoRo Productions	Vienna
headquarters location	Hako GmbH is a manufacturer of street sweeping equipment and ultra-light commercial vehicles, headquartered in Bad Oldesloe, Germany with customers in about sixty countries.	Hako GmbH	Bad Oldesloe
headquarters location	NZ Bus, formerly Stagecoach New Zealand, is New Zealand's largest bus company, operating in Auckland and Wellington, with a fleet of around 1,100 vehicles.	NZ Bus	Wellington
headquarters location	Emack & Bolio's is a chain of ice cream stores based in Boston, Massachusetts, United States.	Emack & Bolio's	Boston
headquarters location	Bio-Synthesis, Inc. (BSI) is a biotechnology company headquartered in Lewisville, Texas.	Bio-Synthesis, Inc.	Lewisville
headquarters location	Based in Sturgis, South Dakota, Cor-Bon/Glaser Ammunition originated when Peter Pi Sr. started making handgun hunting ammo back in 1982 for himself and industry professionals traveling to Africa.	Cor-Bon/Glaser	Sturgis
headquarters location	Artoon was situated in Yokohama, Kanagawa prefecture, Japan.	Artoon	Yokohama
headquarters location	EUCOPE (www.eucope.org) was founded in 2008 in Brussels and promotes companies and associations active in research, development, production and distribution of pharmaceutical products and enhances their scientific, technical, economic and legal objectives.	EUCOPE	Brussels
headquarters location	Whiskas is made in McLean, Virginia in the USA by the company formerly known as Pedigree Pet Foods.	Whiskas	McLean
headquarters location	The J.M. Martinac Shipbuilding Corp. was founded in 1924 by Joseph M. Martinac on the Thea Foss Waterway in Tacoma, Washington.	J.M. Martinac Shipbuilding Corp.	Tacoma
headquarters location	With the national office located in Austin, Texas, Atticus Circle focuses on straight allies of the LGBT social movements.	Atticus Circle	Austin
headquarters location	Sandvine Incorporated is a networking equipment company based in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada.	Sandvine	Waterloo
headquarters location	Grupo Financiero Banorte, S.A.B. de C.V., doing business as Banorte and as Ixe, is a Mexican banking and financial services holding company with headquarters in Monterrey and Mexico City, Mexico.	Banorte	Monterrey
headquarters location	Geely (officially Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Co., Ltd) is a Chinese multinational automotive manufacturing company headquartered in Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China.	Geely	Hangzhou
headquarters location	Klépierre owns, leases and manages a portfolio of office properties located in the business districts of Central and Western Paris.	Klépierre	Paris
headquarters location	HubSpot is a company based in Cambridge, Massachusetts that develops and markets a software product for inbound marketing also called HubSpot.	HubSpot	Cambridge
headquarters location	Shanghai Yuyuan Tourist Mart Company Limited, or Yuyuan Tourist Mart, is the largest retailing conglomerate in China.	Yuyuan Tourist Mart	Shanghai
headquarters location	An unusual car, made in Paris by M. Dimitri Sensaud de Lavaud, a Brazilian, it had an automatic transmission.	Sensaud de Lavaud	Paris
headquarters location	Summit Brewing Company is a regional craft brewery in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States, that brews a wide selection of popular beers.	Summit Brewing Company	Saint Paul
headquarters location	Jerome Peribere is the CEO of the Elmwood Park, New Jersey headquartered Sealed Air.	Sealed Air	Elmwood Park, New Jersey
headquarters location	Palmer Home for Children is a Christian non-profit organization providing residential care without charge and an introduction to God through service, to children who have a need for viable placement, located in Columbus, Mississippi and Hernando, Mississippi.	Palmer Home for Children	Columbus
headquarters location	American Pathology Partners, Inc. (otherwise referred to as APP or AP2) is a privately held medical laboratory company headquartered in Nashville, Tennessee.	American Pathology Partners	Nashville
headquarters location	AccuSystems LLC is an American company headquartered in Pueblo, Colorado that develops, licenses, supports, and sells document imaging software and electronic document management, primarily to the banking and finance industries.	AccuSystems	Pueblo
headquarters location	ModelSheet Software LLC is a venture-funded software company focused on business analytics and based in Arlington, Massachusetts.	ModelSheet	Arlington
headquarters location	Israel Railway Museum (Hebrew: מוזיאון רכבת ישראל‎) is the national railway museum of Israel, located in Haifa.	Israel Railway Museum	Haifa
headquarters location	Bidco Africa, previously Bidco Oil Refineries Limited, is a multinational consumer goods company headquartered in Thika, Kenya with subsidiaries and distributorships across 16 countries in East Africa, Central Africa, and Southern Africa.	Bidco Africa	Thika
headquarters location	The New Deal Cafe is a restaurant and community coffee house in the historic Roosevelt Center of Greenbelt, Maryland.	New Deal Cafe	Greenbelt
headquarters location	Samoo Architects & Engineers (SAMOO), headquartered in Seoul, South Korea, is a multinational professional services firm which provides architectural design, engineering, interior design, urban design, sustainable design, construction management, and building information modeling services.	Samoo Architects & Engineers	Seoul
headquarters location	Citilink is a low-cost airline headquartered in Jakarta, Indonesia.	Citilink	Jakarta
headquarters location	Old Time Pottery is an expanding discount home décor retailer based in Murfreesboro, Tennessee.	Old Time Pottery	Murfreesboro
headquarters location	The FH Aachen is situated in Aachen and in Jülich.	FH Aachen	Jülich
headquarters location	Founded in 1948 in Antímano, Caracas, Sidetur now has six plants, all in Venezuela.	Sidetur	Caracas
headquarters location	Associated Wholesalers, Inc. is a retailers' cooperative based in Robesonia, Pennsylvania.	Associated Wholesalers	Robesonia
headquarters location	Richway was the discount department store division of Atlanta-based Rich's.	Richway	Atlanta
headquarters location	Leonid Chernovetskyi Bloc (Ukrainian: Блок Леоніда Черновецького) was a regional political alliance supporting the Mayor of Kiev Leonid Chernovetskyi based in the city of Kiev.	Leonid Chernovetskyi Bloc	Kiev
headquarters location	IGATE is an IT services company, headquartered in Bridgewater, New Jersey.	IGATE	Bridgewater
headquarters location	The Salta Renewal Party (Spanish: Partido Renovador de Salta; PRS) is a conservative provincial political party in Salta Province, Argentina.	Salta Renewal Party	Salta Province
headquarters location	Ouibox is a website headquartered in Lexington, Kentucky.	Ouibox	Lexington
headquarters location	Sand 9 is a fabless Micro-electromechanical system (MEMS) company based in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Sand 9	Cambridge
headquarters location	De Buyer (pronounced Dee Bou yeh) is a French cookware manufacturer, founded in 1830, from the village Le Val-d'Ajol in the Vosges department.	De Buyer	Le Val-d'Ajol
headquarters location	The New York Times (sometimes abbreviated to NYT) is an American daily newspaper, founded and continuously published in New York City since September 18, 1851, by the New York Times Company.	The New York Times	New York City
headquarters location	Windflow Technology is a company based in Christchurch, New Zealand known for its unique wind turbine gearbox design.	Windflow Technology	Christchurch
headquarters location	GTM Cars is a component kit car manufacturer located in Kingswinford, UK.	GTM Cars	Kingswinford
headquarters location	Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Ltd, (abbreviated as RINL), also known as Vizag Steel, is an Indian government-owned steel producer, Based in Visakhapatnam,	Rashtriya Ispat Nigam	Visakhapatnam
headquarters location	Legal Services NYC (LSNYC) is a non-profit organization that provides free civil legal assistance to low income people in New York City.	Legal Services NYC	New York City
headquarters location	Namogoo Technologies Ltd. is an Israeli security company, with offices in New York City, London and Tel Aviv.	Namogoo	New York City
headquarters location	Citizen Film is a San Francisco-based documentary company founded in 2002 by Sam Ball, Sophie Constantinou and Kate Stilley Steiner.	Citizen Film	San Francisco
headquarters location	The Society of Gynecologic Oncology (SGO), headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, is a national society of physicians trained in treating female reproductive cancers, especially gynecologic oncologists.	Society of Gynecologic Oncology	Chicago
headquarters location	Heavy Iron Studios is an American video game developer, based in Los Angeles, California.	Heavy Iron Studios	Los Angeles
headquarters location	The Printing House Ltd. (TPH®) is a Canadian printing company based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	The Printing House	Toronto
headquarters location	The Misr Spinning and Weaving Company (Arabic: شركة مصر للغزل والنسيج‎), also known as Misr Helwan or the El-Ghazl factory, is a large, publicly-owned textile company located in El-Mahalla El-Kubra within the Nile Delta of Egypt, approximately 80 kilometers north of Cairo.	Misr Spinning and Weaving Company	El-Mahalla El-Kubra
headquarters location	Woori Financial Group is a Seoul-based banking and financial services holdings company and is the largest bank in South Korea.	Woori Financial Group	Seoul
inception	Parc Safari, an animal and amusement park was founded in 1972.	Parc Safari	1972
inception	The Scientific Committee on Food (SCF), established in 1974, was the main committee providing the European Commission with scientific advice on food safety.	Scientific Committee on Food	1974
inception	Meteor Games was an independent online gaming studio formed in 2007 by Neopets founders Adam Powell and Donna Powell.	Meteor Games	2007
inception	On August 5, 1884 the Boers formed the Nieuwe Republiek (New Republic) with Vryheid as its capital and it's sovereignty was recognized by Germany and Portugal.	Vryheid	1884
inception	Citect began as a subsidiary of Alfa Laval in 1973.	Citect	1973
inception	The park was created primarily to protect an estimated population of 15,000 lowland gorillas on 28 December 2012 when the Congolese Ministerial Council and President Denis Sassou Nguesso adopted the Decree Establishing the Ntokou-Pikounda National Park.	Ntokou-Pikounda National Park	2012
inception	Under the direction of producer Dan Calderone and ANZA Records, Newquist performed virtually all of the instruments recorded for the Caroline's Spine self-titled debut album in 1993.	Caroline's Spine	1993
inception	Al-Bassel High School for Outstanding Students (Arabic: ثانوية الباسل للمتفوقين‎), founded in 1998, was the first high school established in Syria to provide secondary education exclusively for superior students.	Al-Bassel High School for Outstanding Students	1998
inception	The Junior World Ski Orienteering Championships (or Ski-JWOC) were first held in 1994.	Junior World Ski Orienteering Championships	1994
inception	The Forum for Democratic Change (FDC), founded on 16 December 2004, is the main opposition party in Uganda.	Forum for Democratic Change	2004
inception	Socialist Workers' Current (Portuguese: Corrente Socialista dos Trabalhadores, CST) is a Trotskyist political organisation in Brazil, created in 1992 by a split of the Socialist Convergence.	Socialist Workers' Current	1992
inception	The Principality of Grubenhagen was a subdivision of the Duchy of Brunswick-Lüneburg, ruled by the Grubenhagen line of the House of Welf from 1291.	Principality of Grubenhagen	1291
inception	Emory University School of Medicine traces its origins back to 1915 when the Atlanta Medical College (founded 1854), the Southern Medical College (1878), and the Atlanta School of Medicine (founded 1905) merged.	Emory University School of Medicine	1854
inception	Salford Crescent railway station in Salford, Greater Manchester, England opened by British Rail in 1987.	Salford Crescent railway station	1987
inception	Türkmen Owazy (Turkmen Melody) is a Turkmen music TV channel, broadcasting since 2009 in the Turkmen language.	Türkmen Owazy	2009
inception	Perugia Press is an American not-for-profit poetry press located in Florence, Massachusetts and founded in 1997 by Editor and Director Susan Kan. The press publishes one collection of poetry each year, by a woman poet chosen from its annual book contest, the Perugia Press Prize.	Perugia Press	1997
inception	Imperial College Press (ICP) was formed in 1995 as a partnership between Imperial College of Science, Technology and Medicine in London and World Scientific publishing.	Imperial College Press	1995
inception	An umbrella organization, the Juventutem International Federation (F.I.J.) was founded on 24 May 2006.	Juventutem	2006
inception	The British Astronomical Association (BAA) was formed in 1890 as a national body to support the UK's amateur astronomers.	British Astronomical Association	1890
inception	Jurong Institute was formed in 1989 as Singapore's second centralised institute.	Jurong Institute	1989
inception	Ride for Reading (established in 2008) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization located in Nashville, Tennessee that donates books to children from low-income areas and hosts fund-raising events to promote literacy, as well as educating children about bicycling.	Ride for Reading	2008
inception	Avenged Sevenfold (sometimes abbreviated as A7X) is an American heavy metal band from Huntington Beach, California, formed in 1999.	Avenged Sevenfold	1999
inception	VSI Translation & Subtitling BV was set up in 2001 by Managing Director of the VSI Group, Norman Dawood, and Ron van Broekhoven.	VSI Translation & Subtitling BV	2001
inception	Sarke is a metal band from Oslo, Norway, formed in 2008.	Sarke	2008
inception	The Korean Rangers Foundation (KRF) was founded in 2005 to draw together National Park Rangers from professionalism across South Korea, to develop a national identity as Korean Rangers and to provide support for new professionals.	Korean Rangers Foundation	2005
inception	The Royal Higher Education Center (in Spanish: Centro de Estudios Superiores Royal) also known as Royal University, is a private university founded on August 2003 in the city of Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, México.	Centro de Estudios Superiores Royal	2003
inception	On November 17, 1998, the former Baoshan Iron and Steel (Group) Corporation absorbed the Shanghai Metallurgical Holding Group Corporation (上海冶金控股集团公司) and the Shanghai Meishan Group Co. (上海梅山集团公司) to form Shanghai Baosteel Group Corporation.	Baosteel Group	1998
inception	Nuphonic was an independent record label that were based in London, England from 1994 to 2002.	Nuphonic	1994
inception	The Mayborn Museum Complex is a 142,000-square-foot (13,200 m2) facility that opened in May 2004 at Baylor University in Waco, Texas.	Mayborn Museum Complex	2004
inception	Burnin' Daylight was formed in 1995 by Sonny LeMaire, Kurt Howell, and Marc Beeson.	Burnin' Daylight	1995
inception	Prism Comics incorporated in April 2003 in the state of Georgia, and received its 501(c)(3) charitable status shortly thereafter.	Prism Comics	2003
inception	The Four Seasons Hotel and Residences Toronto is a complex consisting of a 669-foot, 55-story residential condominium tower and a 125-meter, 30-story hotel tower located in the Yorkville district in Toronto, Ontario, Canada which opened on October 5, 2012.	Four Seasons Hotel and Residences Toronto	2012
inception	The program was established by Executive Order 10924, issued by President John F. Kennedy on March 1, 1961, announced by televised broadcast March 2, 1961, and authorized by Congress on September 21, 1961, with passage of the Peace Corps Act (Pub.L. 87--293).	Peace Corps	1961
inception	Overnewton Anglican Community College (more commonly known as 'OACC') is an independent, co-educational, day school, founded in 1987.	Overnewton Anglican Community College	1987
inception	Since 2004, Baphomet Engine have had regular bookings on Brazilian PsyTrance Circuit for the most important party organizers and festivals on the Brazilian scene.	Baphomet Engine	2004
inception	The Movement for United Georgia is a (non-registered) Georgian political party founded by former Defense Minister Irakli Okruashvili on 27 September 2007.	Movement for United Georgia	2007
inception	Ranua Wildlife Park (Finnish: Ranuan eläinpuisto, better known as Ranua Zoo) is a zoo that opened in 1983 in the municipality of Ranua, Lapland, Finland.	Ranua Wildlife Park	1983
inception	The Nikon D300S is a 12.3-megapixel DX format digital single-lens reflex camera (DSLR) announced by Nikon on 30 July 2009.	Nikon D300S	2009
inception	The Irish Unionist Alliance (IUA), also known as the Irish Unionist Party or simply the Unionists, was a unionist political party founded in Ireland in 1891 from the Irish Loyal and Patriotic Union to oppose plans for Home Rule for Ireland within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.	Irish Unionist Alliance	1891
inception	Amoco Corporation, originally Standard Oil Company (Indiana), was a global chemical and oil company that was founded in 1889 around a refinery located in Whiting, Indiana, United States.	Amoco	1889
inception	European Chess Union is an independent association founded in 1985 in Graz, Austria.	European Chess Union	1985
inception	Sporting Index was founded in April 1992 with 5 members of staff and a handful of clients.	Sporting Index	1992
inception	The St. Davids Polo and Racing Club, established in 1998, is a Welsh polo club, notable for its charity polo days at Fonmon Castle, Cardiff.	St. Davids Polo and Racing Club	1998
inception	Carmel Beach Railway Station was built during the first half of 1999 as part of the Carmel Beach Transport complex on the southern outskirts of Haifa.	Carmel Beach Railway Station	1999
inception	Brothers-Valleys were a rugby league team formed from a merger between the Brothers and Fortitude Valley Diehards teams in 2002.	Brothers-Valleys	2002
inception	Kids in the Way was an American Christian rock band formed in Noblesville, Indiana in 1997.	Kids in the Way	1997
inception	The university was chartered by an Act of Congress on February 24, 1893 as ``The American University,'' when the bill was approved by President Benjamin Harrison.	American University	1893
inception	Founded in 1986, Fundex Games produces many different games including card games, dice games, domino-based games, magic tricks, board games, and children's toys.	Fundex Games	1986
inception	Danish Union of Journalists (Dansk Journalistforbund, DJ) is a Danish trade union for journalists, graphic designers, communication officers, photographers, media technicians, etc., which was founded on 1 January 1961.	Danish Union of Journalists	1 January 1961
inception	The Executive MBA Council is an educational accreditation council formed in 1981 to accredit schools of business offering EMBA degrees worldwide.	Executive MBA Council	1981
inception	Špancirfest (pronounced (ʃpaŋtsir̩fɛst)) is a street festival that is held every year since 1999 in Varaždin, Croatia, and lasts for 10 days.	Špancirfest	1999
inception	Europcar is a French car rental company founded in 1949 in Paris.The head office of the holding company, Europcar Group S.A., is in the business park of Val Saint-Quentin at Voisins-le-Bretonneux (Saint Quentin en Yvelines), France.	Europcar	1949
inception	The National Museum of Lithuania (Lithuanian: Lietuvos nacionalinis muziejus), established in 1952, is a state-sponsored historical museum that encompasses several significant structures and a wide collection of written materials and artifacts.	National Museum of Lithuania	1952
inception	Serpukhov was established in 1339 to protect the southern approaches to Moscow.	Serpukhov	1339
inception	The British Egg Industry Council is an organisation set up in 1986 to represent the British egg industry.	British Egg Industry Council	1986
inception	The Koala Park Sanctuary was built in the 1920s and opened in October 1930 by the owner Noel Burnet.	Koala Park Sanctuary	October 1930
inception	WangDAT was a magnetic tape data storage company founded in 1988 by Ben C. Wang.	WangDAT	1988
inception	AXA Canada was founded in 1905 as La Prévoyance insurance company.	AXA Canada	1905
inception	Parrots International was founded in 2005 as a non-profit organization dedicated to parrots conservation, field research and companion parrot welfare and from that day this organization is working for saving the endangered species of parrots.	Parrots International	2005
inception	Landstown High School Governor's STEM and Technology Academy is a public secondary school located in Virginia Beach, Virginia which first opened in 2001.	Landstown High School	2001
inception	VOSS Solutions was established in 2003 and presently headquartered in Richardson, Texas, United States, with additional offices in Reading, Berkshire, United Kingdom and Cape Town, South Africa.	VOSS Solutions	2003
inception	The Excelsior-Henderson Motorcycle Company was founded as Hanlon Manufacturing Company by Daniel Hanlon during early 1993 in Burnsville, Minnesota, USA.	Excelsior-Henderson Motorcycle	1993
inception	It was first mentioned in 1382 as a settlement of Pudoga, which would later be called Pudozhsky Pogost.	Pudozh	1382
inception	Miss Italia nel Mondo or Miss Italy in the World is an Italian beauty pageant for women of Italian heritage which has been held since 1991.	Miss Italia nel Mondo	1991
inception	Muumuu House is an independent, small press publishing company based in Manhattan, New York that was founded by writer Tao Lin in 2008.	Muumuu House	2008
inception	Age of Days (formerly Age of Daze) is a Canadian alternative rock band that formed in Fredericton, New Brunswick in 2005.	Age of Days	2005
inception	Monad Public School is a co-educational school founded at Gadarpur (near Rudrapur), Uttarakhand, India, in 1996.	Monad Public School	1996
inception	Snake Nation Press is the largest independent publisher in Georgia and among the largest in the South it was founded in 1989 by Robert George, the former director of Lowndes/Valdosta Arts Commission, and Jean Arambula.	Snake Nation Press	1989
inception	Yingli Green Energy was established in 1998 by Liansheng Miao, who remains the company's chairman and CEO.	Yingli	1998
inception	Tantara is a thrash metal band from Hamar, Norway, formed in 2009.	Tantara	2009
inception	FLSmidth and Co. A/S was founded in Copenhagen on 2 January 1882 by Frederik Læssøe Smidth.	FLSmidth	January 1882
inception	The Samples is a band formed in Boulder, CO in 1987.	The Samples	1987
inception	Ice Music Festival (initiated 2006 in Geilo, Norway) is a glasial instrument festival founded by Terje Isungset together with Pål Knutsson Medhus.	Ice Music Festival	2006
inception	Lorcin Engineering Company was a firearms manufacturer established in 1989 by Jim Waldorf.	Lorcin Engineering Company	1989
inception	Established in 1992, it is run and managed by a duly registered Fatima Jinnah Dental College & Hospital Trust.	Fatima Jinnah Dental College	1992
inception	In June 1997, Alternativna TV was registered as a media company at the Ministry of Information of the Republic of Srpska, and since 2001 it has been a member of the Mreža Plus network.	Alternativna TV	1997
inception	Mournful Congregation is a funeral doom metal band from Adelaide, South Australia, Australia which was founded in 1993, and has included members of Chalice.	Mournful Congregation	1993
inception	Filmscape Sdn Bhd is one of the media and entertainment companies founded in Malaysia in 1994 by Kabir Bhatia.	Filmscape	1994
inception	Savannah Arts Academy was granted charter school status and the former Savannah High School building in July 1998, and opened in August of the same year with 397 students enrolled.	Savannah Arts Academy	1998
inception	Gulf Traveller was founded on 1 June 2003 as part of the Gulf Air three year restructuring and turnaround programme instigated by James Hogan.	Gulf Traveller	2003
inception	The Steepwater Band is an American rock band formed in Chicago in 1998 by the trio of Jeff Massey (guitars and vocals), Joe Winters (drums), and Tod Bowers (bass).	The Steepwater Band	1998
inception	Mistress and Maid was painted over the years 1666--1667 on a canvas.	Mistress and Maid	1666
inception	Seshachala Educational Society was established in 1998 by its founder and chairman sri S.V. Subbaiah, in Puttur of Chittoor district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Seshachala	1998
inception	1927 - ČsSK Česká Lípa 1945 - Sokol Česká Lípa 1946 - Sokol Železničáři Česká Lípa 1948 - Sokol Tatra Česká Lípa 1953 - DSO Spartak Česká Lípa 1960 - TJ Spoza Česká Lípa 1961 - TJ SZ Česká Lípa 1977 - TJ Vagonka Česká Lípa ? - FK Česká Lípa 2008 - Arsenal Česká Lípa	Arsenal Česká Lípa	1927
inception	Music Central is a barbershop chorus based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma; it was formed in 1995 with the goal of being a competitive, exciting, and fun chorus.	Music Central	1995
inception	Art school friends Elin, Merete, Matt, and Anthony formed Je Suis Animal in Oslo, Norway, in 2004, putting together a delicate, reverb-kissed sound that nodded to old-school indie pop acts like My Bloody Valentine, Stereolab, and the Shop Assistants.	Je Suis Animal	2004
inception	The Latvian National Independence Movement (Latvian: Latvijas Nacionālās Neatkarības Kustība, LNNK) was a political organization in Latvia from 1988 until the mid-1990s.	Latvian National Independence Movement	1988
inception	Transformative Media LLC was founded in 2014 as a digital production company.	Transformative Media	2014
inception	Larz-Kristerz is a Swedish dansband founded in Älvdalen, Sweden in 2001, and winner of the 2008 edition of Dansbandskampen.	Larz-Kristerz	2001
inception	The Musée Rodin in Paris, France, is a museum that was opened in 1919, dedicated to the works of the French sculptor Auguste Rodin.	Musée Rodin	1919
inception	Stage One of the Omaka Aviation Heritage Centre, which occupies some 3,000 sqm of purpose-built display area was officially opened on 9th Dec 2006.	Omaka Aviation Heritage Centre	2006
inception	Ritual Aesthetic is an American industrial band founded in 2013 based in Denver, Colorado, United States.	Ritual Aesthetic	2013
inception	New Langton Arts was a not-for-profit arts organization focusing on contemporary art founded in 1975 in San Francisco, California.	New Langton Arts	1975
inception	The MOBO Awards for ``Music of Black Origin'' were established in 1996 by Kanya King and Andy Ruffell.	MOBO Awards	1996
inception	KMFM Medway launched on 1 September 1997 as Medway FM, broadcasting on 100.4 and 107.9 FM, following a four-year campaign.	KMFM Medway	1997
inception	Fluidigm was founded in 1999 as ``Mycometrix'' by Steve Quake and Gajus Worthington.	Fluidigm	1999
inception	Veolia Water Central, Veolia Water Southeast and Veolia Water East were brought together as one company, under the Affinity Water brand on 1 October 2012.	Affinity Water	2012
inception	Delirium Books, launched in the Summer of 1999 by Shane Ryan Staley, is recognized as one of the premiere horror publishers in the collector's market, producing low print run limited editions intended for both collectors and readers alike.	Delirium Books	1999
inception	DYRBERG/KERN is a Danish jewellery company founded by Gitte Dyrberg and Henning Kern in 1985.	DYRBERG/KERN	1985
inception	Sheru Classic Production (SCP) is an Indian fitness company founded in 2006 by Sheru Aangrish, India's second professional bodybuilder, which organizes the annual Sheru Classic pro-bodybuilding competition, since 2011.	Sheru Classic	2006
inception	Architecture and Vision (AV) is an international and multidisciplinary partnership working in architecture, design and art. It was established in 2003, and is directed by architect Arturo Vittori based in Bomarzo Viterbo, Italy and Andreas Vogler based in Munich, Germany.	Architecture and Vision	2003
inception	Jerudong International School (JIS), established in 1997, is a boarding and day school in Brunei.	Jerudong International School	1997
inception	Lemon Jelly is a British electronic music duo from London, formed in 1998.	Lemon Jelly	1998
inception	Ecoult was originally formed in 2007 by the Australian Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO).	Ecoult	2007
inception	Spree TV is a digital advertorial datacasting service that launched on 17 September 2013 by Ten Network Holdings and Brand Developers.	Spree TV	2013
inception	The Blavatnik School of Government (BSG) is a global school of public policy founded in 2010 at the University of Oxford in England.	Blavatnik School of Government	2010
inception	The University of Dallas School of Ministry began in 1987 as the Institute for Religious and Pastoral Studies (IRPS), offering masters degrees in theological studies (MTS) and religious education (MRE).	University of Dallas School of Ministry	1987
inception	Bwin -- known as betandwin from its founding until 2006 -- began life with 12 employees in 1997.	Bwin	1997
inception	Bialogue founded in 2005, and is the merger of two older New York City based activist/political groups BiPAC and the Coalition for Unity and Inclusion.	Bialogue	2005
inception	In November 2011 Hugo Chávez, President of Venezuela, announced that the Ministry of Transport and Communications would be divided into two ministries, the Ministry of Aquatic and Air Transport and the Ministry of Ground Transport.	Ministry of Ground Transport	2011
inception	It currently holds eight of the 64 Christian seats in Lebanon's parliament and is therefore the second largest Christian party in parliament The Lebanese Forces were originally created in 1976 as an umbrella organization co-ordinating all the right-wing party militias of the Lebanese Front, mainly composed of the Kataeb Party.	Lebanese Forces	1976
inception	The Chiefs held their first assembly as ``the Assembly of First Nations'' (AFN) in Penticton, British Columbia, in April 1982.	Assembly of First Nations	1982
inception	It was founded by Henry J. Heinz in 1869.	Heinz	1869
inception	Originally a part of the Journal of Applied Physics, Applied Physics Reviews began being published independently in January 2014 with volume numbering restarting at 1.	Applied Physics Reviews	2014
inception	John Flansburgh's Mono Puff EP (1995) Unsupervised (1996) The Devil Went Down To Newport EP (1996) The Hal Cragin Years EP (1996) The Steve Calhoon Years EP (1996) It's Fun to Steal (1998)	Mono Puff	1995
inception	The Miss Paraguay beauty pageant, created in 1957 by Guillermo Rolon (President of Miss Paraguay), nowadays sends delegates to Reinado Internacional del Café held annually in Colombia, Miss Ambar Mundial, Miss Teen Panamericana, Miss Intercontinental, and Miss Globe International held each year in the eastern Mediterranean region.	Miss Paraguay	1957
inception	Planes Mistaken for Stars is a post-hardcore band formed in Peoria, Illinois in 1997.	Planes Mistaken for Stars	1997
inception	Blue Noses, also known as The Blue Noses Group, considered the most famous of contemporary Russian provocateur art groups, founded in 1999 and consists of works and exhibitions by two Siberian artists:	The Blue Noses Group	1999
inception	The West Midlands Ghost Club is a ghost-hunting club formed in 1989.	West Midlands Ghost Club	1989
inception	Hello Venus (Hangul: 헬로비너스; often stylized as HELLOVENUS) is a South Korean girl group formed by Tricell Media, a joint venture between Pledis Entertainment and Fantagio, in 2012.	Hello Venus	2012
inception	The Neutral Free Austria Federation (German: Bündnis Neutrales Freies Österreich, NFÖ) was a political party in Austria founded on 17 March 2003.	Neutral Free Austria Federation	2003
inception	Churchwood formed in 2007 in Austin, Texas and signed with Saustex Media in 2010.	Churchwood	2007
inception	The Berliner Ensemble (German pronunciation: (bɛʁˈliːnɐ ãˈsãːbəl)) is a German theatre company established by playwright Bertolt Brecht and his wife, Helene Weigel in January 1949 in East Berlin.	Berliner Ensemble	1949
inception	The Department of Immigration and Multicultural Affairs (also called DIMA) was an Australian government department that existed between January 2006 and January 2007.	Department of Immigration	2006
inception	Colorado Pride was an American women's soccer club originally founded in 1994.	Colorado Pride	1994
inception	The company was founded in 1984 by Karl Steinberg and Manfred Rürup with the support of Nicole Rürup with headquarters in Hamburg.	Steinberg	1984
inception	Palatinate-Neuburg (German: Herzogtum Pfalz-Neuburg) is a former territory of the Holy Roman Empire, founded in 1505 by a branch of the House of Wittelsbach.	Palatinate-Neuburg	1505
inception	Solidarity Union was a short lived trade union in New Zealand and was founded by activists and delegates, including Joe Carolan of Socialist Aotearoa in August 2006.	Solidarity Union	2006
inception	The Georg Dehio Book Prize began in 2004, and is awarded every other year, alternating with the Georg Dehio Cultural Prize, which was first offered in 2003.	Georg Dehio Book Prize	2004
inception	The Tom Fun Orchestra was formed in Sydney, Nova Scotia in 2005 by singer-songwriter Ian MacDougall.	Tom Fun Orchestra	2005
inception	The European Association for Research on Learning and Instruction (EARLI) was founded at Leuven University (Belgium) in 1985 to support research in the field of learning and instruction.	European Association for Research on Learning and Instruction	1985
inception	The Demon's Claws was founded in 2003 by Jeff Clarke (aka Lester Del Ray and Rudy Stanko), a former member of the Cut Offs and the Normals.	Demon's Claws	2003
inception	The White Pine Award is an annual literature award sponsored by the Ontario Library Association (OLA) that has awarded Canadian young adult books since 2002.	White Pine Award	2002
inception	The Sony Alpha 300 (a300) is a camera that was released in 2008 soon after the a200 and a350.	Sony Alpha 300	2008
inception	Alcovy High School opened to serve grades 9-12 in the 2006-2007 school year.	Alcovy High School	2006
inception	In 1996, Ciba-Geigy merged with Sandoz, and the pharmaceutical and agrochemical divisions of both companies formed Novartis as an independent entity.	Novartis	1996
inception	Rundle Academy (est. 1996) is an Independent School in Calgary, Alberta, that specializes in the instruction of students who have learning disabilities.	Rundle Academy	1996
inception	Stinson Morrison Hecker was formed by the May 1, 2002 merger between Stinson, Mag & Fizzell and Morrison & Hecker.	Stinson Morrison Hecker	2002
inception	Shri Venkateshwara University is a privately funded State University established through an act of State Legislature of Uttar Pradesh (act 26 of 2010).	Shri Venkateshwara University	2010
inception	God Forbid was an American metalcore band formed in 1996 in East Brunswick, New Jersey.	God Forbid	1996
inception	Transocean traces its roots back to 1953, when the Birmingham, Alabama-based Southern Natural Gas Company, later Sonat, created The Offshore Company after acquiring the joint drilling operation DeLong-McDermott from DeLong Engineering and J. Ray McDermott.	Transocean	1953
inception	In 1990 attendees of the Cascade Conference organized the Mainstream Republicans of Washington as a permanent advocacy group.	Mainstream Republicans of Washington	1990
inception	The Dendi Kingdom (1591--1901) was a West African state in modern-day Niger founded by the Songhai people after the collapse of their empire Songhai.	Dendi Kingdom	1591
inception	Bunny Huang Records, formed in 2002 is an arts collective from Bergen County, New Jersey.	Bunny Huang Records	2002
inception	Founded in 1958, Kent Wildlife Trust is the leading conservation charity for Kent and Medway, with the purpose of protecting wildlife, educating the public, influencing decision makers and restoring habitats.	Kent Wildlife Trust	1958
inception	Goa University was established under the Goa University Act of 1984 (Act No. 7 of 1984) and commenced operations on 1 June 1985.	Goa University	1985
inception	Fenimore Art Museum's parent organization, the New York State Historical Association, was founded in 1899 by five New Yorkers interested in promoting a greater knowledge of the early history of the state.	Fenimore Art Museum	1899
inception	Originally named Valparaiso Male and Female College, Valparaiso University was founded in 1859 as one of the first coeducation colleges in the United States.	Valparaiso University	1859
inception	The museum opened to the public on 11 May 2005 and Her Royal Highness Princess Maha Chaki Sirindhorn graciously presided over the official inauguration of Southeast Asian Ceramics Museum on 20 November 2009 with exhibits on ancient ceramic production in Thailand and the history of Thai and other Asian trade ceramics.	Southeast Asian Ceramics Museum	2005
inception	Colga F.C. is a football club from Kilcolgan, Ireland, which was founded in 1996.	Colga F.C.	1996
inception	Münnich Motorsport GmbH, which also competes under the title All-Inkl.com Racing, is an auto racing team founded by German racing driver and entrepreneur René Münnich in 2006.	Münnich Motorsport	2006
inception	David Eugene Edwards and Pascal Humbert formed 16 Horsepower in 1992 in Los Angeles, California, where they had met building movie sets for Roger Corman's Hollywood Studios.	16 Horsepower	1992
inception	Established by the University of Pittsburgh in 2009, the Nicholas Rescher Prize for Systematic Philosophy is intended to counter present-day tendencies to narrow specialization by rewarding and showcasing the work of philosophers who have addressed the historical ``big questions'' of the field in ways that nevertheless command the respect of specialists.	Nicholas Rescher Prize for Systematic Philosophy	2009
inception	The Spokane Chiefs was also the name of the hockey team that played in the Western International Hockey League from 1982 to 1985.	Spokane Chiefs	1985
inception	On 18 April 1972 A.D. the Mising Agom Kebang (MAK), the highest body of the Mising people, was established in the district of Dhemaji, Assam.	Mising Agom Kebang	18 April 1972
inception	ICC annual reports The Richmond, Fredericksburg and Potomac Railroad was chartered on February 25, 1834 to run from Richmond north via Fredericksburg to the Potomac River.	Richmond, Fredericksburg and Potomac Railroad	1834
inception	Kalisia is a French progressive metal band founded in 1994.	Kalisia	1994
inception	The National Biodiversity Authority (NBA) is a statutory autonomous body under the Ministry of Environment and Forests, Government of India established in 2003 to implement the provisions under the National Biological Diversity Act, 2002, after India signed Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) in 1992.	National Biodiversity Authority	2003
inception	On November 23, 1993 the 3rd Alpini Regiment was recreated and the ``Susa'' became its single battalion.	3rd Alpini Regiment	1993
inception	Jim Crawford, formerly an insurance company claims manager, founded Crawford & Company in 1941 with the idea that an independent claims adjusting firm could provide insurers with a cost effective and efficient alternative to in-house adjusters.	Crawford & Company	1941
inception	The Young Dubliners (sometimes shortened to the Young Dubs) is an American rock band, formed in Los Angeles, California in 1988.	Young Dubliners	1988
inception	Jetix Europe launched GXT as a male teen channel in May 2005 on Mondo Sky.	GXT	2005
inception	TVN Gra(eng. TVN Game) was an interactive games channel that launched in March 2005.	TVN Gra	2005
inception	Celesty is a Finnish power metal band from Seinäjoki, formed in 1998.	Celesty	1998
inception	Founded in 1991, Intelligen was born out of research work carried out at the Biotechnology Process Engineering Center of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).	Intelligen	1991
inception	The Florentine Prigioni (Young Slave, Bearded Slave, Atlas Slave and the Awakening Slave) were probably carved instead in the second half of the 1520s, while Michelangelo was employed at San Lorenzo in Florence (but historians suggest dates between 1519 and 1534).	Bearded Slave	1519
inception	SeaFrance began operations between Dover and Calais in 1996 after the termination of a pooling agreement with Sealink (by then known as Stena Sealink Line) in 1995.	SeaFrance	1996
inception	Beck University was a web-based education program launched in July 2010 by American radio and television host Glenn Beck's Mercury Radio Arts.	Beck University	2010
inception	The Seattle International Film Festival (SIFF), held annually in Seattle, Washington since 1976, is among the top film festivals in North America.	Seattle International Film Festival	1976
inception	Shot Down Sun was an American deathcore band from Haverhill, Massachusetts formed in 2001.	Shot Down Sun	2001
inception	The station was assigned the KAKU-LP call sign on November 6, 2003, and was granted a license to cover on February 2, 2006.	KAKU-LP	2006
inception	Meetic is an online dating service founded in November 2001.	Meetic	2001
inception	Finger Eleven is a Canadian rock band from Burlington, Ontario, formed in 1990.	Finger Eleven	1990
inception	Die Brücke (The Bridge) was a group of German expressionist artists formed in Dresden in 1905, after which the Brücke Museum in Berlin was named.	Die Brücke	1905
inception	The station was initially granted a license by the Federal Communications Commission on September 25, 1997 (KZSD-LP's actual sign-on date is currently unknown).	KZSD-LP	1997
inception	Bank of Copenhagen is a Danish bank that was founded on September 27, 1979, with the name ``Den Københavnske Bank'' (Bank of Copenhagen).	Bank of Copenhagen	1979
inception	Joey Cape's Bad Loud is an alternative music project that was started in 2011 by punk rock singer Joey Cape, frontman of California punk bands Lagwagon and Bad Astronaut.	Joey Cape's Bad Loud	2011
inception	The Tribunals Service was an executive agency of the Ministry of Justice in the United Kingdom between April 2006 and March 2011.	Tribunals Service	2006
inception	The Medical University of Łódź was founded on October 1, 2002 as a merger of the Medical Academy of Łódź (founded January 1, 1950) and the Military Medical Academy of Łódź (founded July 1, 1958).	Medical University of Łódź	2002
inception	Since its founding in 1964, the German Development Institute / Deutsches Institut für Entwicklungspolitik (DIE) has based its work on the interplay between Research, Consulting and Training.	German Development Institute	1964
inception	Giacomini was founded in 1951 by Alberto Giacomini as a small manufacture workshop producing brass taps.	Giacomini	1951
inception	The Balmoral Grist Mill Museum is a restored 1874 water powered grist mill located in Balmoral Mills, Nova Scotia.	Balmoral Grist Mill Museum	1874
inception	Titan Magazines launched in 1995 with Star Trek Magazine with John Freeman as first editor, although it had previously published several one shot film tie-in titles.	Titan Magazines	1995
inception	Domaine du Chalet Pouilly is a family wine business founded in 1850 that produces three Chardonnay wines:	Domaine du Chalet Pouilly	1850
inception	Savuka was a band formed in 1986 by English-born South African Johnny Clegg after the disbanding of his first band, Juluka.	Savuka	1986
inception	Shangri-La Plaza opened on November 21, 1991 and contains more than 300 shops and restaurants.	Shangri-La Plaza	1991
inception	Kashtayit State Marine Conservation Area (SMCA) is one of 36 new marine protected areas adopted by the California Fish and Game Commission in December, 2010 during the third phase of the Marine Life Protection Act Initiative.	Kashtayit State Marine Conservation Area	2010
inception	Amphetamine Reptile Records (or AmRep Industries) is a nationally renowned record label which was founded in 1986 by then-US Marine Tom Hazelmyer in Washington State, US.	Amphetamine Reptile Records	1986
inception	Emil Deleuran Poulsen founded The Economic Local List for Students in 2013 to get the younger voters in Slagelse to become more invested in local politics.	The Economic Local List for Students	2013
inception	Tony Mamone and Danny Khatib founded the company in 2006 as Zimbio, Inc. The company changed its name to Livingly Media in August 2012, shortly after acquiring Lonny Magazine.	Livingly Media	2006
inception	Founded in 1972 by (Sir) Frank Delisle with a single twin-prop aircraft, Carib Aviation provided charter and scheduled flights throughout the Caribbean from its main base in Antigua.	Carib Aviation	1972
inception	Demoniac were a heavy metal band from New Zealand formed in Wellington in 1993 by singer and bass player Lindsay Dawson, guitarist Sam Totman and Drummer Steve Francis.	Demoniac	1993
inception	New England Compounding Center (NECC) is a compounding pharmacy founded in 1998.	New England Compounding Center	1998
inception	D'espairsRay (formerly stylized as DéspairsRay or +DéspairsRay+) was a Japanese visual kei rock band active from 1999 to 2011.	D'espairsRay	1999
inception	The original White House Astronomy Night was held in 2009 on the South Lawn.	White House Astronomy Night	2009
inception	Terra Nova National Park was created in 1957 and was the first National Park in Newfoundland and Labrador.	Terra Nova National Park	1957
inception	The New York Tattoo Museum is a museum that opened in 2010.	New York Tattoo Museum	2010
inception	Eurocom (formerly Eurocom Entertainment Software) was a British video game developer founded in October 1988 by Mat Sneap, Chris Shrigley, Hugh Binns, Tim Rogers and Neil Baldwin, to specifically develop games for the Nintendo Entertainment System.	Eurocom	October 1988
inception	Scarletta Press, Inc. is a Minneapolis-based publishing company, established in 2005, and distributed by Publishers Group West/Perseus Books Group.	Scarletta Press	2005
inception	Through the Eyes of the Dead is an American deathcore band from Florence, South Carolina, formed in 2003.	Through the Eyes of the Dead	2003
inception	Welsh Water originated from the privatisation in 1989 of water supply and waste water arms of the Welsh Water Authority which itself had its origins in the Welsh National Water Development Authority that was created by the 1973 restructuring of the water industry in England and Wales.	Welsh Water	1989
inception	The office of the Deputy Prime Minister of Croatia was established on 31 May 1990, during the government of Stjepan Mesić.	Deputy Prime Minister of Croatia	31 May 1990
inception	ACT UP was effectively formed in March 1987 at the Lesbian and Gay Community Services Center in New York.	ACT UP	March 1987
inception	Dorothy Parker Drank Here Productions is the production company created in 1996 by Amy Sherman-Palladino to produce Love and Marriage.	Dorothy Parker Drank Here Productions	1996
inception	Grace Digital, Inc. was founded in 2007, by James D. Palmer and Greg Fadul.	Grace Digital	2007
inception	In 1999 Finn Zierler decided pursue his own visions and founded Beyond Twilight carrying the almost identical logo and the symbol which is found on all Zierler's releases.	Beyond Twilight	1999
inception	Fastjet began trading under its own name on 29 November 2012, and financial results for 2011 are not relevant as the Fly540 business was not acquired until 29 June 2012; financial results below for 2012 for Fastjet were for the 18-month period ended 31 December 2012.	Fastjet	2011
inception	The first School of the Air lessons were officially broadcast from the Royal Flying Doctor Service in Alice Springs on 8 June 1951.	School of the Air	1951
inception	Sri Lanka Insurance was incorporated by a special act of Parliament in 1961.	Sri Lanka Insurance	1961
inception	Vomit Launch was an indie rock band formed in Chico, California in 1985 as ``an excuse to drink beer''.	Vomit Launch	1985
inception	Banco Macro began operations as Financiera Macro, a brokerage specializing in arbitrage founded by Mario Brodersohn, José Dagnino Pastore and Alieto Guadagni, in 1976.	Banco Macro	1976
inception	The MIT Media Lab was founded by MIT Professor Nicholas Negroponte and former MIT President Jerome Wiesner and opened its doors in the Wiesner Building (designed by I. M. Pei) (also known as Building E15) at MIT in 1985.	MIT Media Lab	1985
inception	The West London Wildcats were formed in 1990 as a foundation club of the British Australian Rules Football League, now known as the AFL London division of AFL Britain.	West London Wildcats	1990
inception	Established in 2001, Groove Games had published more than 20 retail game titles on the PC, Xbox, and PlayStation 2 platforms.	Groove Games	2001
inception	The Jouby's are a French soulsteady (reggae, soul, ska, rocksteady and a bit of rock) vocal band originally formed in 2004 in Bordeaux, Aquitaine.	The Jouby's	2004
inception	In 2004, it underwent a restoration and completed on October 2006 as the Yunlin Story House.	Yunlin Story House	2006
inception	Imperial Vengeance are an English heavy metal band, from Essex formed in 2007 by former Cradle of Filth guitarist C. Edward Alexander (b. Charles Edward Alexander Hedger, 18 September 1980, Colchester, Essex/ Guitars, Vocals, Orchestration), and David Bryan (Bass, Lyrics).	Imperial Vengeance	2007
inception	Founded in 2002, Unexploded was asked to perform at several festivals in 2004, but settled for releases on 2 compilations; one in Japan on Stargate Recordings Antenna Volume One in company with amongst others Bill Laswell.	Unexploded	2002
inception	Dragonette is a Canadian electronic music band from Toronto, Ontario, formed in 2005.	Dragonette	2005
inception	Carusco Affiliated did not just want to build a shopping center, but a town center for the city of Calabasas The Commons at Calabasas opened in 1998 and has been a popular high-end outdoor mall ever since.	The Commons at Calabasas	1998
inception	MWEB was founded in 1997 and is today South Africa's second largest Internet Service Provider (ISP).	MWEB	1997
inception	The Ministry of Agriculture Jihad (Persian: وزارت جهاد کشاورزی‎‎ Vezārat-e Jahād-e Keshāvarzī) is an Iranian government body established in 2001 responsible for the oversight of Agriculture in Iran.	Ministry of Agriculture Jihad	2001
inception	The Rose Trellis Fabergé Egg is a jewelled enameled imperial Easter egg made in Saint Petersburg, Russia under the supervision of the jeweler Peter Carl Fabergé in 1907, for Tsar Nicholas II of Russia.	Rose Trellis	1907
inception	Black Label Society is an American heavy metal band from Los Angeles, California formed in 1998 by Zakk Wylde.	Black Label Society	1998
inception	In 1832, Johan Theofron Munktell, then only 27, founds what became Volvo Construction Equipment in Eskilstuna, Sweden.	Volvo Construction Equipment	1832
inception	Tibet Justice Center, (TJC, formerly International Committee of Lawyers for Tibet, ICLT) is an American legal association founded in 1989 that advocates human rights and self-determination for the Tibetan people.	Tibet Justice Center	1989
inception	Steve Hengsperger founded Tersano in 2002 from a company that had developed an ozone based water treatment system.	Tersano	2002
inception	Regina Regina was an American country music duo formed in 1995.	Regina Regina	1995
inception	The Lyceum Music Festival, founded in 2008, is an orchestra and chamber music festival presented in collaboration with the Utah Symphony's Deer Valley Music Festival located in Midway, Utah at the Zermatt Resort.	Lyceum Music Festival	2008
inception	The Royal Historical Society (abbr. RHistS; founded 1868) is a learned society of the United Kingdom which advances scholarly studies of history.	Royal Historical Society	1868
inception	Athlitikos Syllogos Aris (Greek: Αθλητικός Σύλλογος Άρης, Athletic Club Aris or Athletic Club Aris Thessaloniki in other documents) officially A.C. Aris Thessaloniki, is a major Greek multi-sport club founded on 25 March 1914 in Thessaloniki.	Aris Thessaloniki	1914
inception	After years of operation by its receivers, the company was finally sold at foreclosure in August 1916 and reorganized November as the Pittsburgh and West Virginia Railway.	Pittsburgh and West Virginia Railway	1916
inception	The founding editor of Index on Censorship was the critic and translator Michael Scammell (1972--81), who still serves as a patron of the organisation.	Index on Censorship	1972
inception	The ``Napapijri'' brand was established in Aosta, Italy in 1987 when a manufacturer of travel bags created the Bering Bag, a waxed canvas duffel bag marketed to travelers that was the first product to carry the Napapijri name.	Napapijri	1987
inception	Established in 2005, Sacred Heart Apostolic School (SHAS) is a private Roman Catholic boarding school for boys in grades seven through twelve who are considering a vocation to the priesthood, also known as a minor seminary.	Sacred Heart Apostolic School	2005
inception	St. Georges Technical High School opened its doors to ninth graders in August 2006 at the Marshallton Building at Delcastle Technical High School as the construction of its formal campus completed.	St. Georges Technical High School	2006
inception	BBC Four launched on 2 March 2002, with a schedule running from 19:00 to 04:00.	BBC Four	2002
inception	In 1995 the two founded Westport Innovations Inc. to capitalize on the HPDI technology.	Westport Innovations	1995
inception	The Perpetual Motion Roadshow was an independent-press touring circuit that ran monthly through the United States and Canada from April 2003 to March 2007.	Perpetual Motion Roadshow	2003
inception	Abaris Aircraft Corporation (named after the mythological priest of Apollo) is a US aircraft manufacturer established in Phoenix, Arizona in 2001.	Abaris Aircraft	2001
inception	The Ontario Linux Fest was an annual grass roots conference organized by, and for, Linux and Open Source enthusiasts, held in Ontario, Canada from 2007 to 2009.	Ontario Linux Fest	2007
inception	The International Life Sciences Institute (ILSI) is a nonprofit (501c3) science organization founded in 1978 and headquartered in Washington, DC. It is a member organization whose members are primarily food and beverage, agricultural, chemical, and pharmaceutical companies.	International Life Sciences Institute	1978
inception	Media Matters for America was founded in May 2004 by David Brock, a former conservative journalist who became a liberal.	Media Matters for America	May 2004
inception	East View Secondary School was founded on 2 January 1987 at Tampines Secondary School, occupying 14 classrooms in the afternoon session.	East View Secondary School	1987
inception	The Pentax K10D and similar Samsung GX-10 are 10.2 megapixel digital single-lens reflex cameras launched in late 2006.	Pentax K10D	2006
inception	Bosnian Wand Airlines was founded on 24 June 2014 in Gornje Dubrave --	Bosnian Wand Airlines	2014
inception	The name changed to Aveling-Barford on 13 February 1934.	Aveling-Barford	13 February 1934
inception	Jennic Limited was a privately held UK-based fabless semiconductor company founded in 1996.	Jennic	1996
inception	Dakrya is a theatrical metal band from Athens, Greece, created in late 2004, when classically trained keyboard player SophiaX (aka Sophia Charalampous) decided to combine a slew of disparate musical influences (heavy metal, goth, progressive, symphonic, and art rock) with a theatrical presentation.	Dakrya	2004
inception	The Omaha Black Music Hall of Fame, or the OBMHoF, is a nonprofit organization founded in 2005 to celebrate, document and honour the legacy of the many top vocalists and musicians whose musical careers began in the metropolitan area of Omaha, Nebraska.	Omaha Black Music Hall of Fame	2005
inception	Les Respectables is a Canadian rock band that was founded in Montreal in 1991.	Les Respectables	1991
inception	The Humanitarian Law Project (founded 1985) is a U.S.-based non-profit organization organization, working to protect human rights and promote ``the peaceful resolution of conflict by using established international human rights laws and humanitarian law.''	Humanitarian Law Project	1985
inception	China Media Capital was founded in 2009 and is based in Shanghai, China with an additional office in Beijing.	China Media Capital	2009
inception	Roberta Conner was announced as the first director of Tamástslikt Cultural Institute in February of 1998, and oversaw the final preparations of the institute.	Tamástslikt Cultural Institute	1998
inception	In 1994, the Cella Dwellas signed to prominent hip hop label Loud Records, and released their debut single, ``Land of the Lost'' which showcased Ug's lyrical skills, as he laid down a verse that is still regarded as classic.	Cella Dwellas	1994
inception	J.O. Hambro Capital Management was founded by Jocelyn Hambro and this three sons, Rupert Hambro, Richard Hambro and James Hambro, in 1986, shortly after they sold their family business, Hambros Bank to the Société Générale.	J.O. Hambro Capital Management	1986
inception	Lewis Galoob Toys was founded in 1957 by Lewis and Barbara Galoob as a small distributor of toys and stationery; the company was incorporated in 1968.	Galoob	1957
inception	The modern Republic of Armenia became independent in 1991 during the dissolution of the Soviet Union.	Armenia	1991
inception	In 1995 it was reorganized to the state-owned Novosibirsk Air Enterprise, and in 2004 went through the bankruptcy and was privatized in 2005.	Novosibirsk Air Enterprise	1995
inception	The Midewin National Tallgrass Prairie was established by federal law in 1996.	Midewin National Tallgrass Prairie	1996
inception	Candy Harlots were an Australian glam metal band from Sydney, active between 1987 and 1995.	Candy Harlots	1987
inception	Walter Maciel Gallery is an art gallery founded in 2005, located at 2642 S. La Cienega Boulevard, in the Culver City Art District in Los Angeles, California, United States.	Walter Maciel Gallery	2005
inception	The Askew Institute on Politics and Society at the University of Florida was established in 1994 with the primary goal to examine the critical issues facing the region, and to find a consensus to address these issues.	Askew Institute on Politics and Society	1994
inception	PMS Asterisk* is the first all-female DotA team competing in the Defense of the Ancients and Dota 2 video games, founded in 2005 by Tammy ``furryfish*'' Tang.	PMS Asterisk	2005
inception	Donglan Road Station (Chinese: 东兰路) is a station on the Shanghai Metro, which services Line 12 and opened on December 19, 2015.	Donglan Road Station	2015
inception	Wonderlick is a Los Angeles-based indie rock band established in 2001 by former Too Much Joy members Tim Quirk and Jay Blumenfield.	Wonderlick	2001
inception	The Restricted Duty Ribbon is a decoration of the United States Coast Guard which was first created on March 3, 1984.	Restricted Duty Ribbon	1984
inception	The current incarnation of Surgical Care Affiliates was created on June 30, 2007 when the division was sold to TPG.	Surgical Care Affiliates	2007
inception	Veterans for Common Sense, founded in 2002, is a non-profit organization dedicated to advocacy on behalf of United States veterans who continue to serve their country by protecting the rights and interests of fellow citizens.	Veterans for Common Sense	2002
inception	IC Group was founded as IC Companys in 2001 through the merger of InWear Group A/S and Carli Gry International A/S. InWear had been founded by Niels Martinsen in 1973.	IC Group	2001
inception	Virgin Cinemas was founded in 1995 when Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Group acquired MGM Cinemas, the largest movie theatre operator in the United Kingdom.	Virgin Cinemas	1995
inception	Futuristic Retro Champions played their debut public gig at Edinburgh's Wee Red Bar in 2006.	Futuristic Retro Champions	2006
inception	The history of Beyond Wonderland extends back before its inaugural 2010 date.	Beyond Wonderland	2010
inception	Simbalbara National Park is a national park in Himachal Pradesh, India established in 2010.	Simbalbara National Park	2010
inception	Universal Thee is a five-piece Indie-slacker-rock band from Edinburgh formed in 2010 consisting of James Russell, Lisa Russell, Robin Spivey, Andrew Perrie, and Matt Grieve.	Universal Thee	2010
inception	Maritime Air Charter Limited began operations in 1996 with a Piper Navajo and gradually purchased two more Navajos as demand required.	Maritime Air Charter	1996
inception	Sinnbus is an independent record label and music publisher headquartered in Berlin, Germany, founded in 2003.	Sinnbus	2003
inception	The Baptist World Alliance is a worldwide alliance of Baptist churches and organizations, formed in 1905 at Exeter Hall in London during the first Baptist World Congress.	Baptist World Alliance	1905
instrument	Larry Graham, Jr. (born August 14, 1946) is an American bass guitar player, both with the popular and influential psychedelic soul/funk band Sly and the Family Stone, and as the founder and frontman of Graham Central Station.	Larry Graham	guitar
instrument	Bernard Georges (born March 29, 1965) is best known for his bass guitar work in Throwing Muses and 50 Foot Wave.	Bernard Georges	guitar
instrument	Fred Lipsius (born 19 November 1943, The Bronx, New York, U.S.) was the original saxophonist and arranger for the jazz-rock band Blood, Sweat & Tears, for which he played alto saxophone and piano.	Fred Lipsius	saxophone
instrument	Ralph Rubino is a professional saxophone player born in West Haven, Connecticut and graduate of the Berklee College of Music.	Ralph Rubino	saxophone
instrument	Chen Zhi (simplified Chinese: 陈志; traditional Chinese: 陳志; pinyin: Chén Zhì) is a Chinese guitar teacher (pedagogue) and promoter, who is today known for the exceptionally high level that his classical guitar students reach.	Chen Zhi	guitar
instrument	Julius Katchen (August 15, 1926 -- April 29, 1969) was an American concert pianist, possibly best known for his recordings of Johannes Brahms's solo piano works.	Julius Katchen	piano
instrument	Sigfrid Karg-Elert (November 21, 1877 -- April 9, 1933) was a German composer of considerable fame in the early twentieth century, best known for his compositions for organ and harmonium (Conley 2001).	Sigfrid Karg-Elert	organ
instrument	Larry Teal (26 March 1905 - 11 July 1984) is considered by many to be the father of American orchestral saxophone.	Larry Teal	saxophone
instrument	He speaks on Uncle Meat; on the track ``Ian Underwood Whips It Out'' he relates how he first met Zappa and demonstrated his capabilities on the saxophone at Zappa's invitation.	Ian Underwood	saxophone
instrument	Bernie Glow (February 6, 1926 -- May 8, 1982) was an American trumpet player who specialized in jazz and commercial lead trumpet from the 1940s to 1970s.	Bernie Glow	trumpet
instrument	Hermann Neuling (17 July 1897 -- 29 January 1967) was a horn player and composer.	Hermann Neuling	horn
languages spoken or written	Božena Komárková (January 28, 1903 -- January 27, 1997) was Czech philosopher and theologian.	Božena Komárková	Czech
languages spoken or written	Rafael Maroto Yserns (October 15, 1783 -- August 25, 1853) was a Spanish general, known both for his involvement on the Spanish side in the wars of independence in South America and on the Carlist side in the First Carlist War.	Rafael Maroto	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Andreas Pitsillides (Greek: Ανδρέας Πιτσιλλίδης; born June 1977) is a Cypriot excommunicated theologian, politician, party member of DISY and former Member of the European Parliament.	Andreas Pitsillides	Greek
languages spoken or written	Jean Puy (8 November 1876, Roanne, Loire -- 6 March 1960, Roanne) was a French Fauvist artist.	Jean Puy	French
languages spoken or written	Mary Webb (25 March 1881 -- 8 October 1927) was an English romantic novelist and poet of the early 20th century, whose work is set chiefly in the Shropshire countryside and among Shropshire characters and people which she knew.	Mary Webb	English
languages spoken or written	Presentación Urán González (29 May 1956, Madrid) is a Spanish politician and former member of the Spanish Parliament.	Presentación Urán González	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Angelo Ambrogini (14 July 1454 -- 24 September 1494), commonly known by his nickname Poliziano (Italian: (politˈtsjaːno); anglicized as Politian; Latin: Politianus), was an Italian classical scholar and poet of the Florentine Renaissance.	Poliziano	Italian	Latin
languages spoken or written	Massimiano Bucchi (born Arezzo, 15 May 1970) is an Italian sociologist and a scholar of the relationships among science, technology and society.	Massimiano Bucchi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Charles de Tolnay, born Károly von Tolnai (May 27, 1899 -- January 17, 1981), was a Hungarian art historian and an expert on Michelangelo.	Charles de Tolnay	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Francesco Andreini (c. 1548 -- 1624) was an Italian actor mainly of commedia dell'arte plays.	Francesco Andreini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Ariano Suassuna (Portuguese pronunciation: (aɾiˈɐ̃nu suɐˈsũnɐ); June 16, 1927 -- July 23, 2014) was a Brazilian playwright and author.	Ariano Suassuna	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Jean-Baptiste Muard (Vireaux, 1809-Pierre-Qui-Vire, 1854) was a French Benedictine, reformer, and founder of religious orders.	Jean-Baptiste Muard	French
languages spoken or written	Johannes Beilharz (born 15 January 1956) is a German poet, painter and translator.	Johannes Beilharz	German
languages spoken or written	Jorge de Alvarado y Contreras (born 1460 Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain -- died 1540 or 1541 or Madrid, 1553) was a Spanish conquistador, brother of the more famous Pedro de Alvarado.	Jorge de Alvarado	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Gustave Frédéric Dollfus (26 November 1850, Paris -- 6 November 1931, Paris) was a French geologist and malacologist.	Gustave Frédéric Dollfus	French
languages spoken or written	William Jeffrey Prowse, often known as Jeff Prowse (6 May 1839 -- 17 April 1870) was an English journalist, poet, humorist and lyricist.	William Jeffrey Prowse	English
languages spoken or written	Sylvain Frécon (born 1972), is a French colorist and cartoonist, born in Bourges.	Sylvain Frécon	French
languages spoken or written	Michela Vittoria Brambilla (born October 26, 1967) is an Italian politician and businesswoman.	Michela Vittoria Brambilla	Italian
languages spoken or written	Guido Sacconi (born on 23 June 1948 in Udine) is an Italian politician and Member of the European Parliament for the Central region with the Democrats of the Left (DS), part of the Socialist Group, and sits on the European Parliament's Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety.	Guido Sacconi	Italian
languages spoken or written	János Kass (December 26, 1927 -- March 29, 2010) was a Hungarian illustrator, printmaker, graphic designer, postage stamp designer, animated film director and teacher.	János Kass	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Le paratonnerre à cage métallique de Louis Melsens (French) D. Thorburn Burns and Hendrik Deelstra, Analytical chemistry in Belgium: an historical overview, Microchimica Acta, Volume 161, Numbers 1-2, April 2008, p. 41-66 Melsens street	Louis Melsens	French
languages spoken or written	Edoardo Vesentini (born Rome, 31 May 1928) is an Italian mathematician and politician who introduced the Andreotti--	Edoardo Vesentini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Sir James Cochran Stevenson Runciman CH (7 July 1903 -- 1 November 2000), known as Steven Runciman, was an English historian best known for his three-volume A History of the Crusades (1951--54).	Steven Runciman	English
languages spoken or written	Achille-Émile Othon Friesz (6 February 1879 -- 10 January 1949), who later called himself Othon Friesz, a native of Le Havre, was a French artist of the Fauvist movement.	Othon Friesz	French
languages spoken or written	Charles Wyplosz (born September 5, 1947 in Vichy, France) is a French economist.	Charles Wyplosz	French
languages spoken or written	Felix Gilbert (May 21, 1905 -- February 14, 1991) was a German-born American historian of early modern and modern Europe.	Felix Gilbert	German
languages spoken or written	Anuja Iyer is an Indian actress and model who works in the Tamil film industry.	Anuja Iyer	Tamil
languages spoken or written	John Thomond O'Brien (1786--1861), also known in Spanish as Juan Thomond O'Brien, was an Army officer born in 1786 in Baltinglass, Co. Wicklow, son of Martin O'Brien and Honoria O'Connor.	John Thomond O'Brien	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Albert Stöckl (Möhren, near Treuchtlingen, in Middle Franconia, Bavaria, 15 March 1823 -- Eichstädt, 15 November 1895) was a German neo-scholastic philosopher and theologian.	Albert Stöckl	German
languages spoken or written	Horst Janssen (14 November 1929 -- 31 August 1995) was a German draftsman, printmaker, poster artist and illustrator.	Horst Janssen	German
languages spoken or written	Juan Manuel Eguiagaray (born 1945) is a Spanish economist, academic, businessman and retired politician.	Juan Manuel Eguiagaray	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Rakhi Sawant (born Neeru Bheda on 25 November 1978) is an Indian politician, dancer, model, Hindi film and television actress & television talk show host, who has appeared in many Hindi and few Kannada, Marathi, Telugu and Tamil films.	Rakhi Sawant	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Paolo Matthiae (born 1940) is an Italian archaeologist.	Paolo Matthiae	Italian
languages spoken or written	Lydia Sokolova (1896--1974) was an English ballerina.	Lydia Sokolova	English
languages spoken or written	Gregorio Ricci-Curbastro (Italian: (ɡreˈɡɔrjo ˈrittʃi kurˈbastro); 12 January 1853 -- 6 August 1925) was an Italian mathematician born in Lugo di Romagna.	Gregorio Ricci-Curbastro	Italian
languages spoken or written	João César Monteiro was a Portuguese film director, actor, writer and film critic.	João César Monteiro	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	An English Heritage Blue plaque to commemorate Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger was unveiled on 17 February 2014 by Martin Scorsese and Thelma Schoonmaker at Dorset House, Gloucester Place, London NW1 5AG where The Archers had their offices from 1942 - 47.	Emeric Pressburger	English
languages spoken or written	Alberto Casado Cerviño (born on 15 October 1952 in Pontevedra, Spain) is the Director General of the Spanish Patent and Trademark Office.	Alberto Casado Cerviño	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Begoña Fernández Molinos (born 22 March 1980 in Vigo) is a Spanish team handball player.	Begoña Fernández	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Hans Heinz Zerlett (17 October 1892 in Wiesbaden -- 6 July 1949 in Soviet Special Camp 2, Buchenwald) was a German screenwriter and film director.	Hans Heinz Zerlett	German
languages spoken or written	Xavier Léon (21 May 1868, Boulogne-Billancourt - 21 October 1935, Paris) was a French philosopher and historian of philosophy.	Xavier Léon	French
languages spoken or written	José Zorrilla y Moral (Spanish pronunciation: (xoˈse θoˈriʎa); 21 February 1817 -- 23 January 1893) was a Spanish Romantic poet and dramatist.	José Zorrilla	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Riccardo Malipiero (24 July 1914 -- 27 November 2003) was an Italian composer, pianist, and music educator.	Riccardo Malipiero	Italian
languages spoken or written	Émile Paladilhe (3 June 1844 -- 6 January 1926) was a French composer of the late romantic period.	Émile Paladilhe	French
languages spoken or written	Erdal İnönü (6 June 1926 -- 31 October 2007) was a Turkish theoretical physicist and politician who served as the interim Prime Minister of Turkey between 16 May and 25 June 1993.	Erdal İnönü	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Jules Bernard Luys (17 August 1828 -- 21 August 1897) was a French neurologist who made important contributions to the fields of neuroanatomy and neuropsychiatry.	Jules Bernard Luys	French
languages spoken or written	Louis Christophe François Hachette (pronounced: (lwi kʁistɔf fʁɑ̃swa aʃɛt)) (May 5, 1800 - July 31, 1864) was a French publisher.	Louis Christophe François Hachette	French
languages spoken or written	Sigitas Geda (full name - Sigitas Zigmas Geda; February 4, 1943 -- December 12, 2008) was a Lithuanian poet, translator, playwright, essayist, critic and a member of the Lithuanian independence movement, Sąjūdis, and of the Lithuanian parliament, Seimas.	Sigitas Geda	Lithuanian
languages spoken or written	Raphaël Bassan (born 1948) is a French film critic and journalist, who has specialized in experimental film and the history of cinema.	Raphaël Bassan	French
languages spoken or written	William Dowsing (1596--1668) was an English iconoclast who operated at the time of the English Civil War.	William Dowsing	English
languages spoken or written	Mohamed Zafzaf (1945 -- 13 July 2001) was one of the best known Moroccan novelists and poets (born in Souk El Arbaa) writing in Arabic.	Mohamed Zafzaf	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Lu Yao (Chinese: 路遥; 1949--1992), born Wang Weiguo (Chinese: 王卫国), was a Chinese writer.	Lu Yao	Chinese
languages spoken or written	John William Draper (May 5, 1811 -- January 4, 1882) was an English-American scientist, philosopher, physician, chemist, historian and photographer.	John William Draper	English
languages spoken or written	Wolfgang Krull (26 August 1899 -- 12 April 1971) was a German mathematician who made fundamental contributions to commutative algebra, introducing concepts that are now central to the subject.	Wolfgang Krull	German
languages spoken or written	Liu Shipei (Chinese: 劉師培; 1884--1919) was a philologist, Chinese anarchist, and revolutionary activist.	Liu Shipei	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Václav Talich (Czech pronunciation: (ˈvaːtslaf ˈtalɪx); 28 May 1883 -- 16 March 1961) was a Czech conductor, violinist and pedagogue.	Václav Talich	Czech
languages spoken or written	Julie Maroh is a French writer and illustrator of graphic novels, who originates from Northern France.	Julie Maroh	French
languages spoken or written	Nguyễn Ngọc Tư is a Vietnamese short story writer and novelist from Cà Mau Province in the Mekong Delta.	Nguyễn Ngọc Tư	Vietnamese
languages spoken or written	(La) Nina Siciliana was the composer of one Italian sonnet, and a candidate to be the first Italian woman poet.	Nina Siciliana	Italian
languages spoken or written	Ivy Kellerman Reed (Oshkosh (Wisconsin), July 8, 1877 -- La Jolla (California), February 7, 1968) was an American author in the international language Esperanto.	Ivy Kellerman Reed	Esperanto
languages spoken or written	Monica Lovinescu (Romanian pronunciation: (moni'ka loviˈnesku); 19 November 1923 -- 20 April 2008) was a Romanian essayist, short story writer, literary critic, translator, and journalist, noted for her activities as an opponent of the Romanian Communist regime.	Monica Lovinescu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	(French) Christoph David, ``Nous formons une équipe triste. Notes sur Günther Anders et Theodor W. Adorno,'' Tumultes.	Günther Anders	French
languages spoken or written	Hans Poelzig (30 April 1869 -- 14 June 1936) was a German architect, painter and set designer.	Hans Poelzig	German
languages spoken or written	Kim Fupz Aakeson (born 12 September 1958) is a Danish writer, illustrator and screenwriter.	Kim Fupz Aakeson	Danish
languages spoken or written	Claude Serre (10 November 1938 -- 13 November 1998) was a French cartoonist born in Sucy-en-Brie, Val-de-Marne.	Claude Serre	French
languages spoken or written	Thomas Tyrwhitt (/ˈtɪrɪt/; 27 March 1730 -- 15 August 1786) was an English classical scholar and critic.	Thomas Tyrwhitt	English
languages spoken or written	Simon Canuel (29 October 1767, Les Trois Moutiers, in the Vienne -- 11 May 1840) was a French general.	Simon Canuel	French
languages spoken or written	Sebastián Francisco de Miranda y Rodríguez de Espinoza (March 28, 1750 -- July 14, 1816), commonly known as Francisco de Miranda (Spanish pronunciation: (fɾanˈsisko ðe miˈɾanda)), was a Venezuelan revolutionary.	Francisco de Miranda	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Carmelo Bene (1 September 1937 -- 16 March 2002) was an Italian actor, poet, film director and screenwriter.	Carmelo Bene	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jean Charles Dominique de Lacretelle, (3 September 1766 -- 26 March 1855), was a French historian and journalist.	Jean Charles Dominique de Lacretelle	French
languages spoken or written	Ross Benjamin is an American translator of German literature and a 2015 Guggenheim Fellow.	Ross Benjamin	German
languages spoken or written	Johann Heermann (11 October 1585 -- 17 February 1647) was a German poet and hymn-writer.	Johann Heermann	German
languages spoken or written	Afsal is an Indian film singer in Malayalam cinema.	Afsal	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Fausto Cuocolo (Tortona, 1930 - 2006) was an Italian jurist and politician.	Fausto Cuocolo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Gerónimo de la Concepción (1642--1698) was a Spanish carmelite and writer.	Gerónimo de la Concepción	Spanish
languages spoken or written	J. A. R. Anand is an Indian actor in Malayalam movies during the 1960s and 1970s.	J. A. R. Anand	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Pádraig Ó Riain is an Irish Celticist and prominent hagiologist focusing on Irish hagiography, martyrdom, mythology, onomastics and codicology.	Pádraig Ó Riain	Irish
languages spoken or written	Raza Murad is an Indian actor working primarily in Hindi films.	Raza Murad	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Dionisio Pérez Gutiérrez (pseudonym Post-Thebussem) (born 1872 in Grazalema (Cádiz) - died 23 February 1935 in Madrid) was a Spanish writer, journalist, and gastronome.	Dionisio Pérez Gutiérrez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Alexandra Jiménez Arrechea (born January 4, 1980 in Zaragoza, Aragón, Spain) is a Spanish actress, who is well-known of portraying África Sanz in television sitcom Los Serrano.	Alexandra Jiménez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Tõnu Õnnepalu (born 13 September 1962), also known by the pen names Emil Tode and Anton Nigov, is an Estonian poet and author.	Tõnu Õnnepalu	Estonian
languages spoken or written	Thomas Coote (born 1850, died 1939 at Folkestone) was an English coal merchant and Liberal politician.	Thomas Coote	English
languages spoken or written	Hideo Nakata (中田 秀夫 Nakata Hideo; born July 19, 1961) is a Japanese filmmaker.	Hideo Nakata	Japanese
languages spoken or written	Richard Huelsenbeck (born Carl Wilhelm Richard Hülsenbeck; April 23, 1892 -- April 20, 1974) was a German psychoanalyst, poet, writer and drummer born in Frankenau, Hessen-Nassau.	Richard Huelsenbeck	German
languages spoken or written	Sophie Davant (born May 19, 1963) is a French journalist, television presenter and comedian.	Sophie Davant	French
languages spoken or written	Mark Ravenhill (born 7 June 1966) is an English playwright, actor and journalist.	Mark Ravenhill	English
languages spoken or written	François Roche (born 1961, Paris) is a French architect, co-founder of the architecture studio, New-Territories including LabM4, R&Sie(n), (eIf/bʌt/c), Mindmachinemakingmyths, among others names.	François Roche	French
languages spoken or written	Grigore Cugler (Spanish: Gregorio or Gregori Cugler; also known under the pen name Apunake; April 30 (O.S. April 7) 1903 -- September 30, 1972) was a Romanian avant-garde short story writer, poet and humorist.	Grigore Cugler	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Uwe Walter (* 23 October 1962 in Rotenburg an der Fulda) is a German ancient historian.	Uwe Walter	German
languages spoken or written	Joan Sella i Montserrat (Sitges, 1960) is a Catalan journalist, writer and gastronomy critic.	Joan Sella i Montserrat	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Louis Bouquet (6 December 1885 -- 25 February 1952) was a French artist and illustrator.	Louis Bouquet	French
languages spoken or written	Father Louis Hennepin, O.F.M. baptized Antoine, (12 May 1626 -- c. 1705) was a Roman Catholic priest and missionary of the Franciscan Recollet order (French: Récollets) and an explorer of the interior of North America.	Louis Hennepin	French
languages spoken or written	François-Napoléon-Marie Moigno, known in his later life as the Abbé Moigno, (15 April 1804 -- 14 July 1884) was a French Catholic priest and one time Jesuit, as well as a physicist and author.	François-Napoléon-Marie Moigno	French
languages spoken or written	Nicola Vaccai (15 March 1790 - 5 or 6 August 1848) was an Italian composer, particularly of operas, and a singing teacher.	Nicola Vaccai	Italian
languages spoken or written	Johann Baptista Baltzer (16 June 1803 -- 1 October 1871) was a German Catholic theologian.	Johann Baptista Baltzer	German
languages spoken or written	Pedro Duque y Cornejo (1677--1757) was a Spanish Baroque painter and sculptor of the Sevillian school of sculpture, a disciple of his grandfather Pedro Roldán.	Pedro Duque y Cornejo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Federica Montseny Mañé (Catalan: (munˈsɛɲ); 12 February 1905 -- 14 January 1994) was a Spanish anarchist, intellectual and Minister of Health during the social revolution that occurred in Spain parallel to the Civil War.	Federica Montseny	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Georges Didi-Huberman (born 13 June 1953) is a French philosopher and art historian.	Georges Didi-Huberman	French
languages spoken or written	Vlastimil Třešňák (born 26 April 1950 in Prague) is a Czech singer-songwriter and writer.	Vlastimil Třešňák	Czech
languages spoken or written	Günther Haensch (born April 22, 1923) is a German linguist and lexicographer.	Günther Haensch	German
languages spoken or written	Emanuele Trevi (born 1964) is an Italian writer and critic.	Emanuele Trevi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Joaquín Lloréns Fernández de Cordoba (1854 -- 1930) was a Spanish Carlist soldier and politician.	Joaquín Lloréns Fernández de Cordoba	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Girolamo Savonarola (Italian: (savonaˈrɔːla); 21 September 1452 -- 23 May 1498) was an Italian Dominican friar and preacher active in Renaissance Florence.	Girolamo Savonarola	Italian
languages spoken or written	Johann Ernst Otto Stobbe (June 28, 1831 -- May 19, 1887) was a German historian and law professor born in Königsberg.	Otto Stobbe	German
languages spoken or written	David Abulafia, FBA (born 12 December 1949) is an influential English historian with a particular interest in Italy, Spain and the rest of the Mediterranean during the Middle Ages and Renaissance.	David Abulafia	English
languages spoken or written	Hassan Daoud (Arabic: حسن داوود) (born 1950) is a Lebanese writer and journalist.	Hassan Daoud	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Anuj Saxena (Hindi: अनुज सक्सेना; born 31 July 1967) is an Indian actor, model, producer and business person.	Anuj Saxena	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Edward Royd Rice (born 25 April 1790 at Dover; died 27 November 1878 at Eastry, Kent) was an English politician and first-class cricketer.	Edward Royd Rice	English
languages spoken or written	Manuel Rodrigues Coelho (ca. 1555 -- 1635) was a Portuguese organist and composer.	Manuel Rodrigues Coelho	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Lutz Rathenow (born 22 September 1952 in Jena) is a dissident German writer and poet who was haunted by the Secret Police until the German reunification.	Lutz Rathenow	German
languages spoken or written	Samuel Dicker ( died 1760), was an English politician who represented Plymouth in the British House of Commons in the eighteenth century, and was also responsible for the building of the first Walton Bridge in Surrey.	Samuel Dicker	English
languages spoken or written	Yves Coppens (born 9 August 1934 in Vannes, Morbihan) is a French anthropologist.	Yves Coppens	French
languages spoken or written	Jean-Marie Brohm is a French sociologist, anthropologist and philosopher.	Jean-Marie Brohm	French
languages spoken or written	Zahari Stoyanov (Bulgarian: Захари Стоянов; archaic: Захарий Стоянов) (1850 -- 2 September 1889), born Dzhendo Stoyanov Dzhedev (Bulgarian: Джендо Стоянов Джедев), was a Bulgarian revolutionary, writer, and historian.	Zahari Stoyanov	Bulgarian
languages spoken or written	Dr Jamal Zahalka (Arabic: جمال زحالقة‎, Hebrew: ג'מאל זחאלקה‎; born 11 January 1955) is an Israeli Arab who serves as a member of the Knesset representing the Balad party.	Jamal Zahalka	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Carlos Fernández Shaw (23 September 1865 -- 7 June 1911) was a Spanish poet, playwright, and journalist.	Carlos Fernández Shaw	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ernest Dimnet (1866-1954), French priest, writer and lecturer, is the author of The Art of Thinking, a popular book on thinking and reasoning during the 1930s.	Ernest Dimnet	French
languages spoken or written	Babette Cole (born 10 September 1949) is an English children's writer and illustrator.	Babette Cole	English
languages spoken or written	Jules Chéret (May 31, 1836 -- September 23, 1932) was a French painter and lithographer who became a master of Belle Époque poster art. He has been called the father of the modern poster.	Jules Chéret	French
languages spoken or written	Charles Vélain (16 May 1845--6 June 1925) was a French geologist and geographer.	Charles Vélain	French
languages spoken or written	Denis Patrick O'Brien (born 1939 in Knebworth, Hertfordshire, England) is an English economist who has worked in industrial economics and the history of economic thought.	Denis Patrick O'Brien	English
languages spoken or written	Johannes Crellius (Polish: Jan Crell, English: John Crell; 26 July 1590 in Hellmitzheim -- 11 June 1633 in Raków) was a Polish and German theologian.	Johannes Crellius	German
languages spoken or written	Joan Pau Verdier (born Jean-Paul Verdier on 1 February 1947 in Périgueux, Dordogne, France) is a French singer who performs in both Occitan and French.	Joan Pau Verdier	French
languages spoken or written	Tawfeq Mahmoud Hamza or Piramerd, (Pîremêrd in Kurdish), (1867 -- 19 June 1950), was a Kurdish poet, writer, novelist and journalist.	Piramerd	Kurdish
languages spoken or written	Josiah Wedgwood (12 July 1730 -- 3 January 1795) was an English potter who founded the Wedgwood company.	Josiah Wedgwood	English
languages spoken or written	Christian Wilhelm Ernst Dietrich (October 30, 1712 -- April 23, 1774) was a German painter and art administrator.	Christian Wilhelm Ernst Dietrich	German
languages spoken or written	Agostino Paradisi (25 April 1736, Vignola - 19 February 1783, Reggio nell'Emilia) was an Italian poet, economist and teacher.	Agostino Paradisi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Theodorus Marinus Roest van Limburg (8 July 1806, Rotterdam -- 3 March 1887, Florence) was a Dutch journalist, diplomat, and politician.	Theodorus Marinus Roest van Limburg	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Marija Lastauskienė née Ivanauskaitė (Polish: Maria Lastowska, née Iwanowska) (May 15, 1872 in Šiauliai -- July 19, 1957 in Kaunas) and her sister Sofija Pšibiliauskienė were Lithuanian sisters who wrote under the shared pen name Lazdynų Pelėda (Hazel Owl).	Marija Lastauskienė	Lithuanian
languages spoken or written	Johanna Kinkel (8 July 1810 -- 15 November 1858) was a German composer, writer, and revolutionary.	Johanna Kinkel	German
languages spoken or written	Metin Altıok (March 14, 1940 -- July 9, 1993) was a Turkish poet of Alevi faith, who - together with 34 other people, mostly Alevi intellectuals - fell victim to the 1993 Sivas massacre.	Metin Altıok	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Jean-Antoine-Gabriel Davioud (French: (ʒan‿ɑ̃twɑn ɡabʁiɛl davju); 30 October 1824 -- 6 April 1881) was a French architect.	Gabriel Davioud	French
languages spoken or written	Qamar Gula (Pashto: قمر ګله‎, Persian: ‎‎Qamar Gul, قمر گل) is an Afghan singer.	Qamar Gula	Pashto
languages spoken or written	Martin Borrhaus (Latin: Martin Cellarius) (1499--11 October 1564) was a German Protestant theologian and reformer.	Martin Cellarius	Latin
languages spoken or written	Jaroslav Durych (December 2, 1886 -- April 7, 1962) was a Czech prose writer, poet, playwright, journalist, and military surgeon.	Jaroslav Durych	Czech
languages spoken or written	William Harborne of Great Yarmouth, Norfolk (c.1542--1617) was a diplomat, businessman, and English Ambassador to the Ottoman Empire, appointed by Queen Elizabeth I of England.	William Harborne	English
languages spoken or written	Wilhelm von Opel (15 May 1871 -- 2 May 1948), known as Wilhelm Opel before being ennobled in 1917, was one of the founders of the German automobile manufacturer Opel.	Wilhelm von Opel	German
languages spoken or written	Tordis Ørjasæter (born 25 March 1927) is a Norwegian literary critic, biographer, former professor of educational science, and novelist.	Tordis Ørjasæter	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Kluge (21 June 1856 -- 21 May 1926) was a German philologist and educator.	Friedrich Kluge	German
languages spoken or written	Walter Jens (8 March 1923 -- 9 June 2013) was a German philologist, literature historian, critic, university professor and writer.	Walter Jens	German
languages spoken or written	Pedro Sarmiento de Gamboa (1532--1592) was a Spanish explorer, author, historian, astronomer, and scientist.	Pedro Sarmiento de Gamboa	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Conrad of Megenberg (German: Konrad von Megenberg, Latin: Conradus Megenbergensis; 1309--1374) was a German Catholic scholar, and a writer.	Conrad of Megenberg	Latin
languages spoken or written	Anton Maegerle is the nom de plume of the German Social Democratic journalist Gernot Modery.	Anton Maegerle	German
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe Avati, better known as Pupi Avati (born 3 November 1938), is an Italian film director, producer, and screenwriter.	Pupi Avati	Italian
languages spoken or written	Maria Pia Garavaglia (born 10 August 1947 in Cuggiono) is an Italian politician, former Italian Minister of Health during the Carlo Azeglio Ciampi government and former Deputy Mayor of Rome.	Maria Pia Garavaglia	Italian
languages spoken or written	Hugh Primas of Orléans was a Latin lyric poet of the 12th century, a scholar from Orléans who was jokingly called Primas, ``the Primate'', by his friends at the University of Paris.	Hugh Primas	Latin
languages spoken or written	Mercedes Ferrer (Madrid, 1963) is a Spanish singer-songwriter, active since 1983.	Mercedes Ferrer	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Gianfranco Baldanello (13 November 1928 - ) is an Italian film director, screenwriter and second unit director.	Gianfranco Baldanello	Italian
languages spoken or written	Karl Otto Götz (born 22 February 1914), often simply called K.O. Götz, is a German artist, film maker, draughtsman, printmaker, writer and professor of art at the Kunstakademie Düsseldorf.	Karl Otto Götz	German
languages spoken or written	William Gerard Hamilton (28 January 1729 -- 16 July 1796), English statesman and Irish politician, popularly known as ``Single Speech Hamilton,'' was born in London, the son of a Scottish bencher of Lincoln's Inn.	William Gerard Hamilton	English
languages spoken or written	Fulco di Verdura (20 March 1898 -- 15 August 1978), or Fulco Santo Stefano della Cerda, Duke of Verdura, and Marquis of Murata la Cerda, was an influential Italian jeweller.	Fulco di Verdura	Italian
languages spoken or written	Elena Băsescu, sometimes referred to as EBA, (born 24 April 1980 in Constanța) is a Romanian politician, the former secretary general of the youth wing of Romania's Democratic Liberal Party, and a Member of the European Parliament between 2009 and 2014.	Elena Băsescu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Constantine of Kostenets (Bulgarian: Константин Костенечки/Konstantin Kostenechki; born ca. 1380, died after 1431), also known as Constantine the Philosopher (Serbian: Константин Филозоф), was a medieval Bulgarian scholar, writer and chronicler, who spent most of his life in the Serbian Despotate.	Constantine of Kostenets	Serbian
languages spoken or written	Enrique Urquijo (March 15, 1960 -- November 17, 1999) was a Spanish singer, songwriter, and guitarist.	Enrique Urquijo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Claude Berrou (French: (bɛʁu); born September 23, 1951, Penmarch) is a French professor in electrical engineering at École Nationale Supérieure des Télécommunications de Bretagne, now Telecom-Bretagne.	Claude Berrou	French
languages spoken or written	Francesco Denza (7 June 1834 -- 14 December 1894) was an Italian meteorologist and astronomer.	Francesco Denza	Italian
languages spoken or written	Christopher Alexander Luis Casillas von Uckermann (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈkɾistofeɾ alekˈsander luˈis kaˈsiʎaz βon ˈukerman), born October 21, 1986), better known as Christopher von Uckermann, is a Mexican singer-songwriter and actor, best known as a member of the pop band RBD.	Christopher von Uckermann	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Shlomo Venezia (Greek: Σλόμο Βενέτσια; 29 December 1923 -- 1 October 2012) was a Greek-born Italian Jew.	Shlomo Venezia	Italian
languages spoken or written	Charles Bradlaugh (/ˈbrædlɔː/; 26 September 1833 -- 30 January 1891) was an English political activist and an atheist and British republican.	Charles Bradlaugh	English
languages spoken or written	Shakthi Vasudevan (Malayalam: ശക്തി വാസുദേവൻ; born 23 February 1983) is a Tamil film actor.	Shakthi Vasudevan	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Lucette Descaves (1 April 1906 -- 15 April 1993) was a French pianist and teacher, whose pupils included Jean-Yves Thibaudet, Geneviève Joy, Brigitte Engerer, Pascal Rogé, and Katia and Marielle Labèque.	Lucette Descaves	French
languages spoken or written	Pierre de Rivaz (1711-1772) was a French clockmaker of the 18th century, from Saint-Gingolph.	Pierre de Rivaz	French
languages spoken or written	Navdeep has appeared in both Telugu and Tamil films, portraying diverse characters.	Navdeep	Telugu
languages spoken or written	Ernest-Marie Laperrousaz (1924 -- 20 August 2013) was a French historian and archaeologist.	Ernest-Marie Laperrousaz	French
languages spoken or written	Gerd Zacher (6 July 1929-- 9 June 2014) was a German composer, organist, and writer on music.	Gerd Zacher	German
languages spoken or written	Hayim Nahman Bialik (Hebrew: חיים נחמן ביאליק‎; January 9, 1873 -- July 4, 1934), also Chaim or Haim, was a Jewish poet who wrote primarily in Hebrew but also in Yiddish.	Hayim Nahman Bialik	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Elpis Melena (1818--1899, born as Marie Espérance von Schwartz) was an Anglo-German writer who published under the name of Elpis Melena.	Elpis Melena	German
languages spoken or written	Ángel Sola (1859--1910) was a Spanish musician.	Ángel Sola	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Henri Langlois (13 November 1914 -- 13 January 1977) was a French film archivist and cinephile.	Henri Langlois	French
languages spoken or written	Vijay Sai (Telugu: విజయ్ సాయి) is a Telugu comedian actor from India.	Vijay Sai	Telugu
languages spoken or written	Shakti Chattopadhyay (Bengali: শক্তি চট্টোপাধ্যায় Shokti Chôţţopaddhae) (November 25, 1933 - March 23, 1995) was a Bengali poet and writer.	Shakti Chattopadhyay	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Martina Dlabajová (born 26 July 1976) is a Czech businesswoman and international consultant, former president of the Regional Chamber of Commerce of the Zlin Region (2012 -- 2014).	Martina Dlabajová	Czech
languages spoken or written	Angelo Branduardi (born February 12, 1950), is an Italian folk/folk rock singer-songwriter and composer who scored relative success in Italy and European countries such as France, Germany, Belgium, Netherlands and Greece.	Angelo Branduardi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Amédée Ozenfant (15 April 1886 -- 4 May 1966) was a French cubist painter and writer.	Amédée Ozenfant	French
languages spoken or written	Adelbert von Chamisso (30 January 1781 -- 21 August 1838) was a German poet and botanist, author of Peter Schlemihl, a famous story about a man who sold his shadow.	Adelbert von Chamisso	German
languages spoken or written	Carlrichard Brühl (25 February 1925 -- 25 January 1997) was a German historian of medieval history and philatelist who, in 1986, was awarded the Crawford Medal by the Royal Philatelic Society London for his Geschichte der Philatelie.	Carlrichard Brühl	German
languages spoken or written	Ignacio Fernández Sánchez, better known as Tony Leblanc (7 May 1922 -- 24 November 2012) was a Spanish actor, director, and comedian.	Tony Leblanc	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Antonio Sant'Elia (Italian pronunciation: (anˈtɔnjo santeˈlia); 30 April 1888 -- 10 October 1916) was an Italian architect and a key member of the Futurist movement in architecture.	Antonio Sant'Elia	Italian
languages spoken or written	Count Józef Maksymilian Ossoliński (1748 -- 17 March 1826) was a Polish literature and art historian, nobleman, politician, writer, researcher of literature, and founder of the Ossoliński Institute.	Józef Maksymilian Ossoliński	Polish
languages spoken or written	Natalia Dicenta Herrera (6 July 1962, Madrid, Spain) is a Spanish actress.	Natalia Dicenta	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sebastián Pozas Perea (Zaragoza, 1876 -- 1946) was a Spanish military officer and civil servant.	Sebastián Pozas Perea	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Tassos Denegris (Greek: Τάσος Δενέγρης, 1934--2009), born in Athens in 1934, was one of Greece's best known living poets.	Tassos Denegris	Greek
languages spoken or written	Wang Shixiang (May 25, 1914 in Beijing -- November 28, 2009) was a Chinese researcher of traditional Chinese culture, leading art collector, poet, and Chinese character calligrapher.	Wang Shixiang	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Nasrallah Boutros Sfeir (Al-Kārdīnāl Mār Naṣrallah Buṭrus Ṣufayr, Arabic: الكاردينال مار نصر الله بطرس صفير‎; born on 15 May 1920 in Rayfoun, Lebanon) is the patriarch emeritus of Lebanon's largest Christian body, the Maronite Church, an Eastern Catholic Church in communion with the Holy See.	Nasrallah Boutros Sfeir	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Jean Réville (November 6, 1854 - May 6, 1908) was a French Protestant theologian born in Rotterdam, Netherlands.	Jean Réville	French
languages spoken or written	Juris Māters (or Māteru Juris; 11 March 1845 -- 4 February 1885) was a Latvian writer and journalist.	Juris Māters	Latvian
languages spoken or written	Claude Nachin (born 1930) is a French psychiatrist and psychoanalyst, the majority of whose writings have affiliations with the joint work of Nicolas Abraham and Maria Torok, particularly with respect to their concept of the intergenerational ``phantom''.	Claude Nachin	French
languages spoken or written	André Balbon was a French bass opera singer, born in 1902.	André Balbon	French
languages spoken or written	Remo Bodei (born in Cagliari, 3 August 1938) is an Italian philosopher.	Remo Bodei	Italian
languages spoken or written	Marian-Jean Marinescu (born August 11, 1952) is a Romanian politician and member of the Democratic Liberal Party (PDL), part of the European People's Party--	Marian-Jean Marinescu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Maurice Block (German: Moritz Block); 18 February 1816 -- 9 January 1901) was a German-French statistician and economist.	Maurice Block	French
languages spoken or written	Pere Antoni Beuter (1490--1554) was a Spanish historian and writer who spent most of his life in Valencia.	Pere Antoni Beuter	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ewald Munschke (born and died Berlin: 20 March 1901 -- 21 October 1981) was a General in the East German quasi-military Kasernierte Volkspolizei (People's Police in Barracks) and subsequently one of the creators of the National People's Army.	Ewald Munschke	German
languages spoken or written	Boisnard Philippe, born July 18, 1971 in Paris, is a French writer and multimedia artist practicing ``performance art.''	Boisnard Philippe	French
languages spoken or written	Leonardo Bianchi (5 April 1848 -- 14 February 1927) was an Italian neuropathologist from San Bartolomeo in Galdo in the Province of Benevento, who later in his career became involved in politics.	Leonardo Bianchi	Italian
languages spoken or written	José Guardiola, (22 October 1930 -- 9 April 2012) was a Spanish singer of popular music who sang in Spanish and Catalan.	José Guardiola	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Franco Dragone (born in 1952) is an Italian-Belgian theatre director.	Franco Dragone	Italian
languages spoken or written	Mihail Manoilescu (Romanian pronunciation: (mihaˈil mano.iˈlesku); December 9, 1891 -- December 30, 1950) was a Romanian journalist, engineer, economist, politician and memoirist, who served as Foreign Minister of Romania during the summer of 1940.	Mihail Manoilescu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Willibald Sauerländer (*February 29, 1924 in Bad Waldsee, Württemberg, Germany) is a German art historian specializing in Medieval French sculpture.	Willibald Sauerländer	German
languages spoken or written	Although the book was lost during the Fourth Chinese domination in Vietnam, its contents, including Lê Văn Hưu's comments on various events in the history of Vietnam, were used by other Vietnamese historians as a base for their works, notably the Đại Việt sử ký toàn thư by Ngô Sĩ Liên.	Lê Văn Hưu	Vietnamese
languages spoken or written	Pierre-Joseph Bourcet (1 March 1700 -- 14 October 1780) was a French tactician, general, chief of staff, mapmaker and military educator.	Pierre-Joseph Bourcet	French
languages spoken or written	Georges Mathé (9 July 1922 -- 15 October 2010) was a French oncologist and immunologist.	Georges Mathé	French
languages spoken or written	Luigi, Count Cibrario (February 23, 1802, Usseglio, Piedmont -- October 1, 1870) was an Italian statesman and historian.	Luigi, Count Cibrario	Italian
licensed to broadcast to	WEZW (Easy 93.1 FM) is an FM radio station based in Wildwood Crest, New Jersey and serving the Ocean City, Cape May and Atlantic City markets.	WEZW	Wildwood Crest, New Jersey
licensed to broadcast to	WZWW (95.3 FM) is a music radio station licensed to Bellefonte, Pennsylvania, serving the State College area.	WZWW	Bellefonte
licensed to broadcast to	CIMY-FM is the call sign of a radio station located in Pembroke, Ontario on the FM dial at 104.9 FM.	CIMY-FM	Pembroke
licensed to broadcast to	WIZF (101.1 FM) A.K.A. ``101.1 The Wiz'' is a Rhythmic Contemporary radio station licensed to Erlanger, Kentucky serving the Cincinnati area.	WIZF	Erlanger
licensed to broadcast to	4BC is a radio station in Brisbane, Queensland on 1116kHz AM.	4BC	Brisbane
licensed to broadcast to	WKIX-FM (102.9 FM) is a classic hits formatted radio station located in Raleigh, North Carolina, that plays hit music from the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s as ``KIX 102.9, Carolina's Greatest Hits.''	WKIX-FM	Raleigh
licensed to broadcast to	WKLI-FM (100.9 FM, ``100.9 The Cat'') is a country music station, licensed to Albany, New York and serving the Capital District of New York.	WKLI-FM	Albany
licensed to broadcast to	WCZX (Mix 97.7) is a hot adult contemporary radio station licensed to Hyde Park, New York and serving the Mid-Hudson Valley of New York state.	WCZX	Hyde Park
licensed to broadcast to	WONW is licensed to Defiance, Ohio, serving the Defiance/Bryan/Napoleon/Paulding area.	WONW	Defiance
licensed to broadcast to	KKSY-FM (96.5 FM, ``96.5 Kiss Country'') is a 100,000 watt radio station in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.	KKSY-FM	Cedar Rapids
licensed to broadcast to	CKOS-FM is a 24-hour FM stereo radio station serving Fort McMurray, Alberta with a combination Contemporary Christian and contemporary hit radio format.	CKOS-FM	Fort McMurray
licensed to broadcast to	WRKH (96.1 FM) is the call sign for the Mobile, Alabama classic rock formatted radio station known as ``96.1 The Rocket''.	WRKH	Mobile
licensed to broadcast to	WSDP is the student-operated radio station owned by the Plymouth-Canton Educational Park in Canton, Michigan.	WSDP	Plymouth
licensed to broadcast to	KPNO (90.9 FM) is a Christian radio station licensed to Norfolk, Nebraska, USA.	KPNO	Norfolk
licensed to broadcast to	CKLW is a 50,000 watt, Class B, AM radio station broadcasting on the shared United States/Canadian clear-channel frequency of 800 kHz (800 AM) and located in Windsor, Ontario, Canada, serving Windsor and Detroit.	CKLW	Windsor
licensed to broadcast to	WRBQ-FM (104.7 FM, ``Q105'') is a commercial classic hits music formatted radio station in Tampa, Florida.	WRBQ-FM	Tampa
licensed to broadcast to	Hallam FM is an independent local radio station serving South Yorkshire from studios in Sheffield.	Hallam FM	Sheffield
licensed to broadcast to	CKJJ-FM is a Christian music radio station, broadcasting at 102.3 FM in Belleville, Ontario, Canada.	CKJJ-FM	Belleville
licensed to broadcast to	KDBS (1410 AM, ESPN Alexandria) is an American radio station broadcasting a sports talk format.	KDBS	Alexandria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podimattom is a small village located at Kanjirappally Taluk, Kottayam district, Kerala, India.	Podimattom	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adiv Chaliv (Persian: اديوچاليو‎, also Romanized as Ādīv Chālīv) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Adiv Chaliv	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mysliboř (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmɪslɪbor̝̊)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Mysliboř	Jihlava District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darkapey (Persian: دركاپي‎, also Romanized as Darkāpey) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Darkapey	Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cunninghamhead is a hamlet on the Annick Water in the Parish of Dreghorn, North Ayrshire, Scotland.	Cunninghamhead	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arabellapark is a residential and commercial area in the Bogenhausen district of Munich, Germany, which was developed with the construction of multiple buildings from 1965 to 1998.	Arabellapark	Munich
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Galleria at Fort Lauderdale is an upscale shopping mall in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.	The Galleria at Fort Lauderdale	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pęciszów (pɛnˈt͡ɕiʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawonia, within Trzebnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Pęciszów	Gmina Zawonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tol-e Gavmishi (Persian: تل گاوميشي‎, also Romanized as Tol-e Gāvmīshī; also known as Bāqerābād, Gāvmīsh, and Tal-e Gāvmīsh) is a village in Hamaijan Rural District, Hamaijan District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tol-e Gavmishi	Hamaijan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Staylittle (Welsh: Penffordd las), sometimes referred to colloquially as Y Stay or Y Stae, is a small village set in the shallow upland basin of the Afon Clywedog on the B4518 road, equidistant from Llanidloes and Llanbrynmair in the county of Powys, Wales.	Staylittle	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llinars del Vallès is a village and a municipality in the comarca of Vallès Oriental in the province of Barcelona and autonomous community of Catalonia, Spain.	Llinars del Vallès	Vallès Oriental
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palatdasht (Persian: پلطدشت‎, also Romanized as Palaţdasht) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Palatdasht	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Filhiol Mound Site is an archaeological site of the Coles Creek culture in Ouachita Parish, Louisiana on a natural levee of the Ouachita River.	Filhiol Mound Site	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gen. Thomas J. Stewart Memorial Armory, also known as Norristown Armory, is a historic National Guard armory located at Norristown, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.	Gen. Thomas J. Stewart Memorial Armory	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eilean nan Ròn (Scottish Gaelic: island of the seals) is an island near Skerray, in the north of Sutherland, Scotland.	Eilean nan Ròn	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mid-Hudson Bridge (officially the Franklin Delano Roosevelt Mid-Hudson Bridge) is a toll suspension bridge which carries US 44 and NY 55 across the Hudson River between Poughkeepsie and Highland in the state of New York.	Mid-Hudson Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Velykyi Bychkiv (Ukrainian: Великий Бичків; Rusyn: Великый Бичкôв; Hungarian: Nagybocskó, Nagybocska; Romanian: Bocicoiu Mare; Slovak: Veľký Bočkov, Bočková) is an urban-type settlement in Rakhiv Raion (district) of Zakarpattia Oblast (province) in western Ukraine.	Velykyi Bychkiv	Rakhiv Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pomigacze (pɔmiˈɡat͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośń Kościelna, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Pomigacze	Gmina Turośń Kościelna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elias Motsoaledi Local Municipality (formerly Greater Groblersdal Local Municipality) is located in the Sekhukhune District Municipality of Limpopo province, South Africa.	Elias Motsoaledi Local Municipality	Sekhukhune District Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Langley Park School for Girls (also known as Langley Park Girls' School, LPGS, or just Langley Girls) is a girls' secondary academy school in Beckenham in the London Borough of Bromley, England, with a mixed-sex sixth form.	Langley Park School for Girls	London Borough of Bromley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jane & Gerry Swan Track at Rotary Stadium is a fully lighted, multi-purpose stadium located in Abbotsford, British Columbia.	Rotary Stadium	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bentonville High School (BHS) is a comprehensive public high school in Bentonville, Arkansas, Secondary education in the United States.	Bentonville High School	Bentonville, Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yongsheng County (永胜县; Pinyin: Yǒngshèng Xiàn) is located in Lijiang City Prefecture, Yunnan, China.	Yongsheng County	Lijiang
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Moapa Valley National Wildlife Refuge (MVNWR) is a protected wildlife refuge administered by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, located in the Warm Springs Natural Area in the Moapa Valley of Clark County, Nevada.	Moapa Valley National Wildlife Refuge	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skuleskogen National Park is in the municipalities of Örnsköldsvik and Kramfors, both of Västernorrland County, both in the historical Swedish province of Ångermanland.	Skuleskogen National Park	Örnsköldsvik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mowtowpam-e Pansar 5 (Persian: موتوپم پنثر5‎, also Romanized as Mowtowpam-e Pans̱ar 5) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mowtowpam-e Pansar 5	Arzuiyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Svalbarðsstrandarhreppur, also named Svalbarðsströnd, is a municipality located in northern-central Iceland, in Northeastern Region.	Svalbarðsstrandarhreppur	Iceland	Northeastern Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Timyart (Persian: تيميارت‎, also Romanized as Tīmyārt) is a village in Baraan-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Timyart	Baraan-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chechło Pierwsze (ˈxɛxwɔ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroń, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Chechło Pierwsze	Gmina Dobroń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mokas (ˈmɔkas) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sochaczew, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Mokas	Gmina Sochaczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Synogać (sɨˈnɔɡat͡ɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Synogać	Gmina Wierzbinek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Green Lake Airport (FAA LID: Y88) is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) south of the central business district of Interlochen, a community in Green Lake Township, Grand Traverse County, Michigan, United States.	Green Lake Airport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eastern Hill Fire Station is the central fire station of Melbourne, Australia, located in on the corner of Victoria Parade and Gisborne Street, opposite St Peter's, Eastern Hill, one of the highest points in the city of Melbourne.	Eastern Hill Fire Station	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Scioto Ordnance Plant (SOP) was an ammunitions and bomb making facility built in Marion County, Ohio by the United States Army in 1942.	Scioto Ordnance Plant	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Holt Lock and Dam is a lock built on the Black Warrior River near Holt, Alabama in Tuscaloosa County.	Holt Lock and Dam	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Washington Square Methodist Episcopal Church was a former Methodist church located at 135 West Fourth Street, Greenwich Village, Manhattan, New York.	Washington Square Methodist Episcopal Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Maggie L. Walker Governor's School for Government and International Studies (MLWGSGIS) is a public regional magnet high school in Richmond, Virginia.	Maggie L. Walker Governor's School for Government and International Studies	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lebiedzie-Kolonia (lɛˈbjɛd͡ʑɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Lebiedzie-Kolonia	Gmina Sterdyń
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 2007 a study has named the Kirchgasse the second most expensive street for retail property in Hesse, after the Zeil in Frankfurt am Main.	Kirchgasse	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eshkanuiyeh-ye Olya (Persian: اشكنوئيه عليا‎, also Romanized as Eshkanū’īyeh-ye ``Olyā; also known as Eshkanū’īyeh and Ishkanu) is a village in Hanza Rural District, Hanza District, Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 78, in 13 families.	Eshkanuiyeh-ye Olya	Hanza Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trinity Preparatory School of Florida is an independent college preparatory day-school for students in grades 6 to 12, located in Winter Park, a suburb of Orlando.	Trinity Preparatory School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qareh Beyk (Persian: قره بيك‎) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qareh Beyk	Zeberkhan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huangzhou District (simplified Chinese: 黄州区; traditional Chinese: 黃州區; pinyin: Huángzhōu Qū) is a district of the city of Huanggang, Hubei province, People's Republic of China.	Huangzhou District	Huanggang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Altorf (German: Altdorf) is a French commune in the Bas-Rhin department in the Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine region of northeastern France.	Altorf	Bas-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dudhpokhari(दूधपोखरी) is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal.The name Dudhpokhari is derived from the lake which lies in the base of Himalchuli.	Dudhpokhari	Lamjung District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Louis Downtown Airport (IATA: CPS, ICAO: KCPS, FAA LID: CPS) is a public-use airport located in Greater St. Louis, one mile (2 km) east of the central business district of Cahokia, in St. Clair County, Illinois, United States.	St. Louis Downtown Airport	Cahokia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Magalia Community Church is a historic church located on Stirling Highway in Magalia, California.	Magalia Community Church	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bear Creek Regional Park and Nature Center is a regional park located in Colorado Springs, Colorado that has trails for hiking, horseback riding, running and cycling.	Bear Creek Regional Park and Nature Center	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oliverian School is a boarding school for students grades 9-12, located in the mountains in Haverhill, New Hampshire.	Oliverian School	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pniewie (ˈpɲɛvjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skoroszyce, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Pniewie	Gmina Skoroszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milew (ˈmilɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kałuszyn, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Milew	Gmina Kałuszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Kilbride (Scottish Gaelic: Cille Bhrìghde an Ear) is the largest town in South Lanarkshire in Scotland.	East Kilbride	South Lanarkshire	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Odivelas (Portuguese pronunciation: (oðiˈvɛlɐʃ) or (ɔðiˈvɛlɐʃ)) is a city and a municipality in Lisbon Metropolitan Area, Portugal, in the Lisbon District and the historical and cultural Estremadura Province.	Odivelas	Lisbon District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lah Gavi Dalun (Persian: له گاوي دالون‎, also Romanized as Lah Gāvī Dālūn) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Lah Gavi Dalun	Margown Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Pakel Allah Reza (Persian: ده پاكل اله رضا‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Pākel Allah Rez̤ā) is a village in Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Deh-e Pakel Allah Reza	Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bakhti (Persian: بختي‎, also Romanized as Bakhtī) is a village in Shivanat Rural District, Afshar District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Bakhti	Shivanat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	High Level Airport, (IATA: YOJ, ICAO: CYOJ), is located 6 nautical miles (11 km; 6.9 mi) north northwest of High Level, Alberta, Canada.	High Level Airport	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sirvan Rural District (Persian: دهستان سيروان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Nowsud District, Paveh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sirvan Rural District	Nowsud District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riederwaldstadion is a stadium in Seckbach district of Frankfurt am Main in Germany.	Riederwaldstadion	Seckbach
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarmaran (Persian: سارمران‎, also Romanized as Sārmarān, Sarmārān, and Sār Merān; also known as Chahār Mārān and Chārmārān) is a village in Daman Kuh Rural District, in the Central District of Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sarmaran	Daman Kuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luk Yeung Galleria (Chinese: 綠楊坊), formally known as Luk Yeung Sun Cheun Mall, is one of the largest shopping centres in Tsuen Wan, New Territories, Hong Kong, located in Luk Yeung Sun Chuen, above MTR Tsuen Wan Station.	Luk Yeung Galleria	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aliabad-e Tadayyon (Persian: علي ابادتدين‎, also Romanized as ``Alīābād-e Tadayyon) is a village in Azizabad Rural District, in the Central District of Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,409, in 311 families.	Aliabad-e Tadayyon	Azizabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dizar (Persian: ديزار‎, also Romanized as Dīzār, Dījār, and Dehzār) is a village in Jafarabad Rural District, Jafarabad District, Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Dizar	Qom Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strzeganowice (stʂɛɡanɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Paschwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kąty Wrocławskie, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Strzeganowice	Gmina Kąty Wrocławskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Penny is a gay pub in The Calls area of Leeds, West Yorkshire.	The New Penny	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhagabanpur (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is part of No. 31 Kanthi (Lok Sabha constituency).	Bhagabanpur (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	Kanthi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strzęboszów (stʂɛmˈbɔʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda Maleniecka, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Strzęboszów	Gmina Ruda Maleniecka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Izamal Municipality (In the Yucatec Maya Language: ``dew of heaven'') is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing (275.92 km2) of land and located roughly 67 km east of the city of Mérida.	Izamal Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ullikkottai is an important village in Mannargudi Taluk, Tiruvarur District, Tamil Nadu, India.	Ullikkottai	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Île-Verte Lighthouse is a lighthouse on Île Verte in Notre-Dame-des-Sept-Douleurs, Quebec, Canada.	Île-Verte Lighthouse	Notre-Dame-des-Sept-Douleurs
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cazê (Chinese: 查孜; Pinyin: Cházī) is a township in Ngamring County, Tibet Autonomous Region of China.	Cazê	Ngamring County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agro Emam Khormeyni (Persian: كشت وصنعت امام خميني‎ -- Kesht va Şanʿat Emām Khomeynī) is a village and company town in Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, Shadravan District, Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Agro Emam Khormeyni	Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Viljandi County (Estonian: Viljandi maakond or Viljandimaa, German: Kreis Fellin), is one of 15 counties of Estonia.	Viljandi County	Estonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monsignor Donovan Catholic High School(MDCHS) is an independent, Roman Catholic high school located in Athens, Georgia.	Monsignor Donovan Catholic High School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Purana Shalla is a village (tehsil) in Gurdaspur in the Indian state of Punjab.	Purana Shalla	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tha Faek (Thai: ท่าแฝก) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Nam Pat District, in Uttaradit Province, Thailand.	Tha Faek	Nam Pat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krępnica (krɛmpˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec, within Bolesławiec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Krępnica	Gmina Bolesławiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khorasanak Station (Persian: ايستگاه خراسانك‎ -- Īstgāh-e Khorāsānak) is a village and railway station in Aliabad Rural District, in the Central District of Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khorasanak Station	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Rokitnica (ˈnɔva rɔkitˈnit͡sa) (German: Neurocken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świedziebnia, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Nowa Rokitnica	Gmina Świedziebnia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trübsee is a mountain lake in the municipality of Wolfenschiessen in the Swiss canton of Nidwalden.	Trübsee	Nidwalden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gilttoyees Inlet is an inlet in the North Coast region of the Canadian province of British Columbia.	Gilttoyees Inlet	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maharlu Kohneh (Persian: مهارلوكهنه‎, also Romanized as Mahārlū Kohneh) is a village in Maharlu Rural District, Kuhenjan District, Sarvestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Maharlu Kohneh	Maharlu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pott Row is an expanding village near King's Lynn, Norfolk.	Pott Row	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The American Academy in Berlin is located in the Hans Arnhold Center in a villa on the shores of the Wannsee, a lake within the identically-named district in the southwestern part of Berlin.	American Academy in Berlin	Wannsee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seneghe (Sardinian: Sèneghe) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 110 kilometres (68 mi) northwest of Cagliari and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) north of Oristano.	Seneghe	Province of Oristano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santiago Maravatío is a Mexican city (and municipality) located in the Bajío (lowlands) of the state of Guanajuato.	Santiago Maravatío	Guanajuato
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rutgers School of Dental Medicine (formerly New Jersey Dental School) is the dental school of Rutgers University.	Rutgers School of Dental Medicine	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narabi (Persian: نرابي‎, also Romanized as Narābī; also known as Narāb, Narāb Bālā, and Narāb-e Bālā) is a village in Halil Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Narabi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beyk (Persian: بیک‎, also Romanized as Bīk and Beyg) is a village in Takmaran Rural District, Sarhad District, Shirvan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Beyk	Takmaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Sosnowa (ˈvɔla sɔsˈnɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Wola Sosnowa	Gmina Lubraniec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amur Oblast (Russian: Аму́рская о́бласть, tr. Amurskaya oblast; IPA: (ɐˈmurskəjə ˈobləsʲtʲ)) is a federal subject of Russia (an oblast), located on the banks of the Amur and Zeya Rivers in the Russian Far East.	Amur Oblast	Russia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parchin Poshteh (Persian: پرچين پشته‎, also Romanized as Parchīn Poshteh) is a village in Baladeh Rural District, Khorramabad District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Parchin Poshteh	Baladeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hull Paragon Interchange is an integrated rail and bus station in the city centre of Kingston upon Hull, England.	Hull Paragon Interchange	Kingston upon Hull
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzepielów (kʂɛˈpjɛluf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sława, within Wschowa County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Krzepielów	Gmina Sława
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harmony Presbyterian Church is a historic church on the north side of Highway 103, approximately 8 miles (13 km) north of Clarksville in Harmony, Arkansas.	Harmony Presbyterian Church	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alcorn State University Historic District is a historic district on the campus of Alcorn State University in Lorman, Mississippi.	Alcorn State University Historic District	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahirauli Baghel and Bahiari Bahgel Origin from Pipara Baghel Village is an Indian village located on the border of Bihar and Uttar Pradesh.	Ahirauli Baghel	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rozvadov (German Roßhaupt) is a village and municipality (obec) in Tachov District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic, on the border with Germany.	Rozvadov	Tachov District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nova Milanese is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Monza and Brianza in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 13 kilometres (8 mi) north of Milan.	Nova Milanese	Province of Monza and Brianza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duhamel-Ouest is a municipality in northwestern Quebec, Canada in the Témiscamingue Regional County Municipality.	Duhamel-Ouest	Témiscamingue Regional County Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prusaki (pruˈsaki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Prusaki	Gmina Złoczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tybory-Jeziernia (tɨˈbɔrɨ jɛˈʑɛrɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Tybory-Jeziernia	Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piątkowiec (pjɔntˈkɔvjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wadowice Górne, within Mielec County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Piątkowiec	Gmina Wadowice Górne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishop's Caundle is a small village and civil parish in the West Dorset district of Dorset in South West England; situated 6 miles (9.7 km) south-east of Sherborne.	Bishop's Caundle	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montrachet is located in the south of the Côte de Beaune, which is the southern half of the Côte d'Or, which in turn is the most important of the several wine producing subregions of Burgundy.	Montrachet	Côte d'Or
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pardameh (Persian: پردمه‎) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pardameh	Larijan-e Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The church of Santi Venanzio e Ansovino was situated near the Capitoline Hill in Rome.	Santi Venanzio e Ansovino	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Collingswood Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre-Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Collingswood, in Camden County, New Jersey, United States.	Collingswood Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Świeciny (ɕfjɛˈt͡ɕinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łanięta, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Świeciny	Gmina Łanięta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kinpurnie Castle is a stately home located close to Newtyle, near Blairgowrie, Angus in Scotland.	Kinpurnie Castle	Newtyle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fan Leng Lau (Chinese: 粉嶺樓) is a village in Fanling, the north district of the New Territories of Hong Kong.	Fan Leng Lau	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Originally known as The 1st Baptist Church in Hartford, Connecticut, The First Cathedral is the fifteenth oldest historically black church founded in the city of Hartford, Connecticut; and the third congregation to be known as The First Baptist Church of Hartford, Connecticut.	The First Cathedral	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Preston & Northcote Community Hospital (often referred to as PANCH) was a former hospital located in Preston, Victoria, Australia, opened in 1958 and relocated to the Northern Hospital in Epping in February 1998.	Preston & Northcote Community Hospital	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tembi Golgir Rural District (Persian: دهستان تمبی گلگير‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Golgir District, Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tembi Golgir Rural District	Golgir District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gandoman Industrial Estate (Persian: قطب صنعتي گندمان‎ -- Qaṭab Şanʿatī-ye Gandomān) is a village and company town in Gandoman Rural District, Gandoman District, Borujen County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Gandoman Industrial Estate	Gandoman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rothe House, is a unique Irish 16th century merchant's townhouse complex located in the city of Kilkenny, Ireland.	Rothe House	Kilkenny
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hildebrand Monument is a public artwork fabricated by Joyce & Diener and located at Crown Hill National Cemetery in Indianapolis, Indiana.	Hildebrand Monument	Indianapolis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obałki (ɔˈbau̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Obałki	Gmina Izbica Kujawska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hutt Lagoon is a salt lake located near the coast just north of the mouth of the Hutt River, in the Mid West region of Western Australia.	Hutt Lagoon	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ames crater is a meteorite crater (astrobleme) in Major County, Oklahoma, United States.	Ames crater	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Musa Kheyl (Persian: موسي خيل‎, also Romanized as Mūsá Kheyl) is a village in Balatajan Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Musa Kheyl	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Castello Bufalini is a castle-residence outside of the town of San Giustino, Province of Perugia, in the Region of Umbria, Italy.	Castello Bufalini	San Giustino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Armstrong County Courthouse and Jail is a historic courthouse complex located at Kittanning, Armstrong County, Pennsylvania.	Armstrong County Courthouse and Jail	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Akbarabad-e Kazemi (Persian: اكبرابادكاظمي‎, also Romanized as Akbarābād-e Kāẓemī; also known as Akbarābād) is a village in Jalilabad Rural District, Jalilabad District, Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Akbarabad-e Kazemi	Jalilabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dziwnówek (d͡ʑivˈnuvɛk) (German: Wald-Dievenow or Klein Dievenow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziwnów, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Dziwnówek	Gmina Dziwnów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eschen is a municipality in the north of Liechtenstein.	Eschen	Liechtenstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Richmond River Light, also known as Ballina Head Light and Ballina Light, is an active lighthouse located at Ballina Head, a headland in Ballina, New South Wales, Australia.	Richmond River Light	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarnice (tarˈnit͡sɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kalisz Pomorski, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Tarnice	Gmina Kalisz Pomorski
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRZY-FM (105.9 FM) is a Spanish-language adult hits formatted radio station programmed by satellite, serving the Albuquerque, New Mexico, area.	KRZY-FM	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamardar (Persian: كمردار‎, also Romanized as Kamardār) is a village in Rezvan Rural District, Kalpush District, Meyami County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Kamardar	Rezvan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Firuzabad County (Persian: شهرستان فیروزآباد‎) is a county in Fars Province in Iran.	Firuzabad County	Fars Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benton Lake Wetland Management District is located in the U.S. state of Montana and is the largest wetland district in the nation.	Benton Lake Wetland Management District	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Popowo-Północ (pɔˈpɔvɔ ˈpuu̯nɔt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Popowo-Północ	Gmina Nasielsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lietuvos rytas Arena is a 2,500-seat basketball arena in Vilnius, Lithuania, built next to Siemens Arena.	Lietuvos rytas Arena	Vilnius
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suijiang County (绥江县; pinyin: Suíjiāng Xiàn) is located in Zhaotong prefecture-level city in Yunnan Province, China.	Suijiang County	Zhaotong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arboretum de la Fosse (25 hectares), sometimes known as the Parc botanique de la Fosse, is a historic, private arboretum located in Fontaine-les-Coteaux, Loir-et-Cher, Centre, France.	Arboretum de la Fosse	Fontaine-les-Coteaux
located in the administrative territorial entity	San José de las Lajas is a municipality and the capital city of the newly formed Mayabeque Province of Cuba, after the segmentation of La Habana Province in 2011.	San José de las Lajas	Mayabeque Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cherokee Nuclear Power Plant is an uncompleted energy project 10 miles (16 km) outside of Gaffney, South Carolina, United States.	Cherokee Nuclear Power Plant	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chyasmitar is a town and Village Development Committee in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal.	Chyasmitar	Khotang District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarryall Creek is a tributary of the South Platte River, approximately 68.5 miles (110.2 km) long, in Park County in central Colorado in the United States.	Tarryall Creek	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Klaus Block is a historic building in downtown Lima, Ohio, United States.	Klaus Block	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yixing () is a county-level city with a population of 1.24 million administrated under the prefecture-level city of Wuxi in southern Jiangsu province, People's Republic of China, and is part of the Yangtze River Delta.	Yixing	Wuxi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huntsville City Schools is the school district serving Huntsville, Alabama.	Huntsville City Schools	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruen Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Руен, Obshtina Ruen) is a municipality in Burgas Province, Bulgaria.	Ruen Municipality	Burgas Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kavirat District (Persian: بخش کویرات‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Aran va Bidgol County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Kavirat District	Isfahan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cabonga Reservoir (French: Réservoir Cabonga) is a man-made lake in central Quebec, Canada, with a total surface area of 677 square kilometres (261 sq mi) and a net area (water only) of 484 square kilometres (187 sq mi).	Cabonga Reservoir	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chau Tsai Kok (Chinese: 洲仔角) is a small uninhabited island off the island of Tap Mun in the northeastern New Territories of Hong Kong, opposite to the village of Tap Mun.	Chau Tsai Kok	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mściów (mɕt͡ɕuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Mściów	Gmina Dwikozy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prieta Mesa is a large mesa located northwest of Albuquerque in Sandoval County, New Mexico.	Prieta Mesa	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bindley Hardware Company Building in the Shadyside neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania was built in 1903 alongside of the Pennsylvania Railroad main line, next to the Shadyside Station.	Bindley Hardware Company Building	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mir Deh Rural District (Persian: دهستان ميرده‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Mir Deh Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tarbat Ness Lighthouse is located at the North West tip of the Tarbat Ness peninsula near the fishing village of Portmahomack on the east coast of Scotland.	Tarbat Ness Lighthouse	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Claudelands Arena is a multi-purpose indoor sports and entertainment centre located in Hamilton, New Zealand.	Claudelands Arena	Hamilton
located in the administrative territorial entity	KTWL (105.3 FM) is a radio station that is licensed to serve the community of Hempstead, Texas, USA.	KTWL	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karsavan (Persian: كرسوان‎, also Romanized as Karsavān) is a village in Bavaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Karsavan	Bavaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lumberton Municipal Airport (IATA: LBT, ICAO: KLBT, FAA LID: LBT) is a city owned, public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) west of the central business district of Lumberton, a city in Robeson County, North Carolina, United States.	Lumberton Municipal Airport	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beth Tfiloh Dahan Community School is a private community Jewish day school in Baltimore County, Maryland.	Beth Tfiloh Dahan Community School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malek Tappeh (Persian: ملك تپه‎, also Romanized as Malek Tappeh; also known as Malik Tappeh and Malik Tepe) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Malek Tappeh	Miyan Darband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Salisbury Viaduct is a bridge in Somerset County, Pennsylvania near Meyersdale.	Salisbury Viaduct	Somerset County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brüka Theatre is a Reno-based theater group which was founded in 1992, and is one of the main live theaters in Northern Nevada.	Brüka Theatre	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Max Planck Institute of Psychiatry (German: Max-Planck-Institut für Psychiatrie) is a scientific institute based in Munich, Germany specializing in Psychiatry.	Max Planck Institute of Psychiatry	Munich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kui Sadaf (Persian: كوئ صدف‎, also Romanized as Kūi Sadaf; also known as Qazzāq Maḩalleh) is a village in Estarabad-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Gorgan County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Kui Sadaf	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broadway Cinematheque (Chinese: 百老匯電影中心) is a cinema in Yau Ma Tei, Hong Kong, run by Broadway Circuit.	Broadway Cinematheque	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ureh (Persian: اوره‎, also Romanized as Ūreh; also known as Ūreh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Karkas Rural District, in the Central District of Natanz County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Ureh	Karkas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kerdasa (Egyptian Arabic pronunciation: (keɾˈdæːsæ)) is a village in Giza Governorate nearby Giza Plateau, Egypt.	Kerdasa	Giza Governorate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Economy, Arkansas is an unincorporated community in Burnett Township, Pope County, Arkansas, United States.	Economy, Arkansas	Pope County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gharib Kandi (Persian: غريب كندي‎, also Romanized as Gharīb Kandī; also known as Gharībābād) is a village in Torkaman Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gharib Kandi	Torkaman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lewellen State Aid Bridge, near Lewellen, Nebraska, is a historic Pratt pony truss bridge that was built in 1926.	Lewellen State Aid Bridge	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzezinki Stare (bʐɛˈʑinki ˈstarɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tczów, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Brzezinki Stare	Gmina Tczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sonoma TrainTown Railroad (commonly called ``Sonoma Train Town'') is a tourist railroad and small amusement park in Sonoma, California, USA.	Sonoma TrainTown Railroad	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Giorgio in Velabro is a church in Rome, Italy, devoted to St. George.	San Giorgio in Velabro	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Davar Dar Mian-e Sofla (Persian: دواردرميان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Dāvar Dar Mīān-e Soflá; also known as Davār Bamīān, Davār Dar Mīān, and Dāvar Dar Mīān) is a village in Mansuri Rural District, Homeyl District, Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Davar Dar Mian-e Sofla	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chałupska (xaˈwupska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno, within Mogilno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Chałupska	Gmina Mogilno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leavenheath is a village and civil parish located on the Essex - Suffolk border.	Leavenheath	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bur Khani (Persian: بورخاني‎, also Romanized as Būr Khānī) is a village in Lafur Rural District, Shirgah District, Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bur Khani	Lafur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ninikowo (niniˈkɔvɔ) (German: Ninikow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karnice, within Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Ninikowo	Gmina Karnice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mensdorf (Luxembourgish: Menster) is a small town in the commune of Betzdorf, in eastern Luxembourg.	Mensdorf	Betzdorf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puddefjorden, often anglicized as Pudde Fjord, is an inlet or fjord in the central part of the city of Bergen in Hordaland county, Norway.	Puddefjorden	Bergen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kwieki (ˈkfjɛki) (German: Kiebitzbruch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kwieki	Gmina Czersk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sämtisersee is a lake in the Alpstein range of the canton of Appenzell Innerrhoden, Switzerland.	Sämtisersee	Appenzell Innerrhoden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vaie is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 35 kilometres (22 mi) west of Turin in the Susa Valley.	Vaie	Province of Turin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łowinek (wɔˈvinɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Łowinek	Gmina Pruszcz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lay-e Shuruneh (Persian: لاي شورونه‎, also Romanized as Lāy-e Shūrūneh; also known as Lāy-e Shīrūneh) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Lay-e Shuruneh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Province of Rome (Italian: Provincia di Roma) was one of the five provinces of Lazio, Italy.	Province of Rome	Lazio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dargacz (ˈdarɡat͡ʂ) (German: Dargatzhof) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Dargacz	Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clinch Mountain is a mountain ridge in the U.S. states of Tennessee and Virginia, lying in the ridge-and-valley section of the Appalachian Mountains.	Clinch Mountain	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shepherd Park is a neighborhood in the northwest quadrant of Washington, D.C. In the years following World War II, restrictive covenants which had prevented Jews and African Americans from purchasing homes in the neighborhood were no longer enforced, and the neighborhood became largely Jewish and African American.	Shepherd Park	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ebadat-e Do (Persian: عبادات دو‎, also Romanized as ``Ebādāt-e Do) is a village in Gazin Rural District, Raghiveh District, Haftgel County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 116, in 18 families.	Ebadat-e Do	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sangatte is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department on the northern coast of France on the English Channel.	Sangatte	Pas-de-Calais
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Willson Tower is a high-rise residential building in Cleveland, Ohio.	Willson Tower	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crowninshield-Bentley House (circa 1727-1730) is a Colonial house in the Georgian style, located at 126 Essex Street, Salem, Massachusetts in the Essex Institute Historic District.	Crowninshield-Bentley House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rufus Barrett Stone House, also called the Flatiron Building, is a historic townhouse located in Bradford, Pennsylvania, in McKean County.	Rufus Barrett Stone House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Gah (Persian: كلاته گاه‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Gāh) is a village in Baq Mej Rural District, in the Central District of Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Gah	Baq Mej Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Braves Field was a baseball park in the Northeastern United States, located in Boston, Massachusetts.	Braves Field	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jahanabad-e Ghurak (Persian: جهان ابادغورك‎, also Romanized as Jahānābād-e Ghūrak) is a village in Babuyi Rural District, Basht District, Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Jahanabad-e Ghurak	Babuyi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yanfolila is a town and seat of both the Yanfolila Cercle and the Wassoulou-Ballé rural commune in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.	Yanfolila	Wassoulou-Ballé
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edgemont Village is a small commercial area in the District of North Vancouver, in British Columbia, Canada.	Edgemont Village	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nied is a river in Lorraine, France, and Saarland, Germany.	Nied	Saarland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jane Addams College of Social Work is a division of the University of Illinois at Chicago and is located at 1040 West Harrison Street, Chicago, Illinois 60607-7134.	Jane Addams College of Social Work	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trehafod is a village and community in the Rhondda Valley between Porth and Pontypridd in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf, Wales, although in administrative terms is split between the electoral division of Cymmer (Rhondda) to the West and Rhondda (Pontypridd) to the East.	Trehafod	Rhondda Cynon Taf
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sifang Art Museum previously known as 4Cube Museum of Contemporary Art is a museum in Nanjing, in Jiangsu province in China.	Sifang Art Museum	Nanjing
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Q. Hammons Student Center is an 8,846 seat multi-purpose arena on the campus of Missouri State University in Springfield, Missouri.	Hammons Student Center	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Griffen Island is a bar in the Ohio River located along the southwestern side of Browns Island near Weirton in Hancock County, West Virginia.	Griffen Island	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doris M. Johnson High School was a public high school located in the northeast area known as Clifton Park of Baltimore, Maryland.	Doris M. Johnson High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blue Oak Ranch Reserve, a unit of the University of California Natural Reserve System, is a ecological reserve and biological field station in Santa Clara County, California.	Blue Oak Ranch Reserve	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lanja is a census town in Ratnagiri district in the Western Indian state of Maharashtra.	Lanja	Ratnagiri district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taiping New City Subdistrict (Chinese: 太平新城街道; pinyin: Tàipíng Xīnchéng Jiēdào) is a subdistrict situated in eastern Anning City, Yunnan province, southwestern China.	Taiping New City Subdistrict	Anning
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weenusk First Nation (Cree: ᐧᐄᓈᐢᑯ ᐃᓂᓂᐧᐊᐠ (Wīnāsko Ininiwak); unpointed: ᐧᐃᓇᐢᑯ ᐃᓂᓂᐧᐊᐠ) is a Cree First Nation band government in the Canadian province of Ontario.	Weenusk First Nation	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobrylewo (dɔbrɨˈlɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Dobrylewo	Gmina Żnin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jonathan Alder High School is an NCA accredited public high school located in Plain City, Ohio.	Jonathan Alder High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beechcroft High School is a four-year high school (grades 9-12) located on the north side of Columbus, Ohio.	Beechcroft High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanvair Discoed (Welsh: Llanfair Is Coed) is a small village in Monmouthshire, south-east Wales, 6 miles west of Chepstow and 10 miles east of Newport.	Llanvair Discoed	Monmouthshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nyingchi also known as Linzhi is a prefecture-level city in southeast of the Tibet Autonomous Region.	Nyingchi	Tibet Autonomous Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boca Grande Community Center (also known as Boca Grande School) is a historic site in Boca Grande, Florida, United States.	Boca Grande Community Center	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sunshine Plaza is a large regional shopping centre located in Maroochydore, Queensland.	Sunshine Plaza	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Nashborough was the stockade established in early 1779 in the French Lick area of the Cumberland River valley as a forerunner to the settlement that would become the city of Nashville, Tennessee.	Fort Nashborough	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanddeiniolen is a community in the county of Gwynedd, Wales, and is 124.4 miles (200.2km) from Cardiff and 206.0 miles (331.5km) from London.	Llanddeiniolen	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shuangyang District (simplified Chinese: 双阳区; traditional Chinese: 雙陽區; pinyin: Shuāngyáng Qū) is one of six districts of Changchun, the capital of Jilin province, People's Republic of China, forming part of the city's southeastern suburbs.	Shuangyang District	Changchun
located in the administrative territorial entity	Forrabury and Minster is a civil parish on the north coast of Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Forrabury and Minster	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Birzhevoy Bridge (also known as Exchange Bridge; Russian: Биржево́й мост) is the bridge across Malaya Neva (distributary of Neva River) in Saint Petersburg, Russia.	Birzhevoy Bridge	Saint Petersburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vidapanakal or Vidapanakallu is a village and a mandal in Anantapur district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.	Vidapanakal	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dayton Art Institute (DAI) is a museum of fine arts in Dayton, Ohio, USA.	Dayton Art Institute	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ordukhan Kandi (Persian: اردوخانكندي‎, also Romanized as Ordūkhān Kandī) is a village in Arshaq-e Gharbi Rural District, Moradlu District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Ordukhan Kandi	Arshaq-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Klaas Smits River (Afrikaans: Klaas Smitsrivier) is a river part of the Great Kei River system in the Eastern Cape, South Africa.	Klaas Smits River	Eastern Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pędzewo (pɛnˈd͡zɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zławieś Wielka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Pędzewo	Gmina Zławieś Wielka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Islamic Association of Long Island (also known as the Selden Masjid) is a mosque at 10 Park Hill Drive in Selden, New York, eastern Long Island, 65 miles east of New York City.	Islamic Association of Long Island	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Great Otway National Park, also called The Otways, is a national park located in the Barwon South West region of Victoria, Australia.	Great Otway National Park	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Classen (Originally Citizens Bank Tower) is a skyscraper in the uptown section of Oklahoma City, near the city's Asia District.	The Classen	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jharsa is a large village in Gurgaon Mandal in Gurgaon District in Haryana State, India.	Jharsa	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Black Clauchrie House is a late Victorian manor house, located on the outskirts of the village of Barrhill in South Ayrshire, Scotland, adjacent to the Galloway Forest Park.	Black Clauchrie House	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mukilteo Light is an operational navigation aid located on the east side of Possession Sound at Mukilteo, Snohomish County, Washington, in the United States.	Mukilteo Light	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qasab-e Amir (Persian: قصاب امير‎, also Romanized as Qaşāb-e Amīr) is a village in Esbu Kola Rural District, in the Central District of Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Qasab-e Amir	Esbu Kola Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shixing County (postal: Chihing; simplified Chinese: 始兴县; traditional Chinese: 始興縣; pinyin: Shǐxìng Xiàn) is a county of Shaoguan, Guangdong Province, China.	Shixing County	Shaoguan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ralph Bunche High School was a school constructed in 1949 as a result of Civil Action 631 to provide ``separate but equal'' education for African-American students in King George County, Virginia.	Ralph Bunche High School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Grande/Union County Airport (IATA: LGD, ICAO: KLGD, FAA LID: LGD) is four miles southeast of La Grande, in Union County, Oregon.	La Grande/Union County Airport	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bear Valley Unified School District is a school district in San Bernardino County, California, supporting the towns of the Big Bear area such as Boulder Bay, Fawnskin, Big Bear City, Big Bear Lake, Surgarloaf, etc. The district serves seven schools:	Bear Valley Unified School District	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bolzaneto is a quarter of the city of Genoa, in northwest Italy, and is part of the Municipality Valpolcevera of Genoa.	Bolzaneto	Genoa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blue School is a progressive independent school located in New York City's Lower Manhattan.	Blue School	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahurani (Persian: كهوراني‎, also Romanized as Kahūrānī) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District, Gafr and Parmon District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kahurani	Gafr and Parmon Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William P. Didusch Center for Urologic History is a museum and the headquarters of the American Urological Association in Linthicum, Maryland.	William P. Didusch Center for Urologic History	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schiervelde Stadion (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈsxiːr.ˌvɛl.də staː.di.ˌjɔn)) is a multi-use stadium in Roeselare, Belgium.	Schiervelde Stadion	Roeselare
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elizabeth Street Common Ground Supportive Housing in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia is a supportive housing project that will provide 161 individuals and families with homes in Elizabeth Street, Melbourne by September 2010.	Elizabeth Street Common Ground	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Balboa Pier is one of two piers located in the city of Newport Beach, Orange County, California.	Balboa Pier	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tooma Dam is a major ungated concrete embankment dam across the Tooma River in the Snowy Mountains of New South Wales, Australia.	Tooma Dam	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andaraq (Persian: اندرق‎; also known as Andareh and Andarreh) is a village in Shal Rural District, Shahrud District, Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Andaraq	Shal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Taylor Sportsplex is a sports facility owned by and located in the City of Taylor, Michigan.	Taylor Sportsplex	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaghedeh (Persian: زاغ ده‎, also Romanized as Zāghedeh) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Zaghedeh	Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stevenson Dam Bridge carries Connecticut Route 34 over the Housatonic River in the U.S. state of Connecticut, connecting the town of Monroe to the town of Oxford.	Stevenson Dam Bridge	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daimús (Valencian pronunciation: (dajˈmus), Spanish: Daimuz) is a small municipality in the Safor comarca (county), in the Valencian Community close to the Mediterranean sea in Spain.	Daimús	Safor
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lampman is a small town of around 735 people, located in the south east part of Saskatchewan roughly 30 miles northeast of Estevan.	Lampman	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dumfries and Galloway (Scots: Dumfries an Gallowa, Scottish Gaelic: Dùn Phrìs is Gall-Ghaidhealaibh) is one of 32 unitary council areas of Scotland and is located in the western Southern Uplands.	Dumfries and Galloway	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	1201 Third Avenue, formerly Washington Mutual Tower is a 235.31 m (772.0 ft), 55-story skyscraper in downtown Seattle, Washington.	1201 Third Avenue	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaman-e Amirabad (Persian: چمن اميراباد‎‎, also Romanized as Chaman-e Amīrābād; also known as Amīrābād) is a village in Chuqur Rural District, Tarom Sofla District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Chaman-e Amirabad	Chuqur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chal Shah (Persian: چل شه‎) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chal Shah	Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chojęcin (xɔˈjɛnt͡ɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bralin, within Kępno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Chojęcin	Gmina Bralin
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Vittore Olona is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy, located on the river Olona and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) northwest of Milan.	San Vittore Olona	Province of Milan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huangnan Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture (simplified Chinese: 黄南藏族自治州; traditional Chinese: 黃南藏族自治州; pinyin: Huángnán Zàngzú Zìzhìzhōu; Tibetan: རྨ་ལྷོ་བོད་རིགས་རང་སྐྱོང་ཁུལ་, Wylie: rma lho bod rigs rang skyong khul) is an autonomous prefecture of eastern Qinghai, China, bordering Gansu to the east.	Huangnan Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture	Qinghai
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Florida Interactive Entertainment Academy (FIEA) is a graduate school of the College of Arts and Humanities at the University of Central Florida located in Orlando, Florida, USA.	Florida Interactive Entertainment Academy	Orlando
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bronisławów Mały (brɔniˈswavuf ˈmawɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Serokomla, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Bronisławów Mały	Gmina Serokomla
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaviyeh Mashali (Persian: زاويه مشعلي‎, also Romanized as Zāvīyeh Mash``alī and Zāveyeh-ye Mash``alī; also known as Mash``alī) is a village in Qeblehi Rural District, in the Central District of Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 836, in 147 families.	Zaviyeh Mashali	Qeblehi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	University Airpark (ICAO: K41G, FAA LID: 41G) is a general aviation airport located 2 miles (3 km) west-northwest of Bath, Michigan in Clinton County, Michigan, USA.	University Airpark	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keperveyem (Russian: Кепервеем; Chukchi: кэпэрвээм) is a rural locality (a selo) in Bilibinsky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, Russia.	Keperveyem	Bilibinsky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Udziców (uˈd͡ʑit͡suf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kunów, within Ostrowiec County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Udziców	Gmina Kunów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Northern Isles (Scots: Northren Isles; Scottish Gaelic: Na h-Eileanan a Tuath; Old Norse: Norðreyjar) is an archipelago comprising a chain of islands off the north coast of mainland Scotland.	Northern Isles	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mikell's was a jazz club on the corner of 97th Street and Columbus Avenue, New York.	Mikell's	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brown County Community Unit School District 1 is a unified school district located in Mount Sterling, the county seat of Brown County, Illinois; it was created out of sixty-seven individual school districts and one parochial school.	Brown County Community Unit School District 1	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talgehi (Persian: تل گهي‎, also Romanized as Talgehī; also known as Talgehī-ye Pā’īn and Tall Gah) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Talgehi	Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ocean Hall is a historic house located at Bushwood, St. Mary's County, Maryland, U.S. The house is believed to have been built about 1670.	Ocean Hall	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pabst Theater is an indoor concert venue and landmark of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, U.S. Colloquially known as ``the Pabst'', the theater hosts about 100 events per year.	Pabst Theater	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hôtel Potocki is a former residence of the Polish noble Potocki family in the 8th arrondissement of Paris.	Hôtel Potocki	8th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	The MacDowell Colony is an artists' colony in Peterborough, New Hampshire, United States, founded in 1907 by Marian MacDowell, pianist and wife of composer Edward MacDowell.	MacDowell Colony	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Prisca is a titular church of Rome, on the Aventine Hill, for Cardinal-priests.	Santa Prisca	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahriz-e Qaleh Kohneh (Persian: كهريزقلعه كهنه‎, also Romanized as Kahrīz-e Qal``eh Kohneh; also known as Kahrīz) is a village in Baladarband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 480, in 114 families.	Kahriz-e Qaleh Kohneh	Baladarband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masein (Romansh: Masagn) is a municipality in the district of Hinterrhein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Masein	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carleton Martello Tower in Saint John, New Brunswick, is one of the nine surviving Martello Towers in Canada.	Carleton Martello Tower	Saint John
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talesh Mahalleh-ye Fatuk (Persian: طالش محله فتوك‎, also Romanized as Ţālesh Maḩalleh-ye Fatūk) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Talesh Mahalleh-ye Fatuk	Sakht Sar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coastal Sound Music Academy is a Canadian choral organization based in Coquitlam, British Columbia.	Coastal Sound Music Academy	Coquitlam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quchestan (Persian: قوچستان‎, also Romanized as Qūchestān) is a village in Galehzan Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Quchestan	Galehzan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ford Discovery Centre was an interactive automobile museum located in Geelong, Victoria, Australia.	Ford Discovery Centre	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obuchowo (ɔbuˈxɔvɔ) (German Obuchshöfchen) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Obuchowo	Gmina Morąg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lorini-ye Ajudani (Persian: لريني اجوداني‎, also Romanized as Lorīnī-ye Ājūdānī; also known as Lorīnī) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Lorini-ye Ajudani	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Unjárga (Northern Sami) or Nesseby (Norwegian) (also Uuniemi in Kven/Finnish) is a municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Nesseby	Finnmark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Batchelor Airfield, (ICAO: YBCR) is an airport located south of Batchelor, Northern Territory, Australia.	Batchelor Airfield	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moruny (mɔˈrunɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Moruny	Gmina Barciany
located in the administrative territorial entity	The JCPM Yakiimo Station is an astronomical observatory station at Shimizu, Shizuoka prefecture, Japan.	JCPM Yakiimo Station	Shimizu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schraalenburgh North Church, also known as North Church and as The Old North Reformed Church or Old Reformed Church, was founded 1801 as a Dutch Reformed Church, in present day Dumont, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.	Schraalenburgh North Church	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thingangyun Township (Burmese: သင်္ဃန်းကျွန်း မြို့နယ်, pronounced: (θɪ̀ɴɡáɴdʑʊ́ɴ mjo̰nɛ̀)) is located in the eastern part of Yangon.	Thingangyun Township	Yangon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Market Common Clarendon is an outdoor mixed-use development featuring retail, restaurants, and residential buildings located along Clarendon Boulevard in the Clarendon neighborhood of Arlington, Virginia.	Market Common Clarendon	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scratchy Bottom (or Scratchy's Bottom) is a clifftop valley between Durdle Door and Swyre Head in Dorset, England.	Scratchy Bottom	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kowloon City Ferry Pier (Chinese: 九龍城碼頭) is a ferry pier in Ma Tau Kok, Kowloon, Hong Kong.	Kowloon City Ferry Pier	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toronto Public Library (TPL) (French: Bibliothèque publique de Toronto) is a public library system in Toronto, Ontario.	Toronto Public Library	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ozark Cavefish National Wildlife Refuge is a 40-acre (16-ha) National Wildlife Refuge located in Lawrence County, Missouri, 20 mi (32 km) west of Springfield.	Ozark Cavefish National Wildlife Refuge	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estádio Vivaldo Lima, usually known by its nickname Vivaldão, was a multi-purpose stadium in Manaus, Brazil.	Vivaldão	Manaus
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vincennes University (VU) is a public university in Vincennes, Indiana, in the United States.	Vincennes University	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tukur (Persian: توكور‎, also Romanized as Tūkūr and Tūgūr; also known as Beyk Tūkūr-e Pā’īn and Bīk-e Tūkūr) is a village in Takmaran Rural District, Sarhad District, Shirvan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tukur	Takmaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kępa Lubawska (ˈkɛmpa luˈbafska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Kępa Lubawska	Gmina Pacanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Hawai'i Explorations Academy (WHEA), officially West Hawaii Explorations Academy Public Charter School, is a public charter school located in Kailua-Kona, Hawai'i, founded on May 4, 2000.	West Hawai'i Explorations Academy	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Sill is one of the fourteeners of the Sierra Nevada in California.	Mount Sill	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ibn Seena Academy is an Islamic school in Orlando, Florida.	Ibn Seena Academy	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tötensen is a small village near Hamburg, Germany, belonging to the municipality of Rosengarten (district of Harburg).	Tötensen	Rosengarten
located in the administrative territorial entity	KCAF-FM (92.1 FM) is a country radio station licensed to Kenedy, Texas, USA.	KCAF-FM	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	KJIT-LP (106.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to Bismarck, North Dakota, USA; the station serves the Bismarck area.	KJIT-LP	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Warning (Aboriginal: Wollumbin), a mountain in the Tweed Range in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, Australia, was formed from a volcanic plug of the now-gone Tweed Volcano.	Mount Warning	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azinhoso is a Portuguese parish in the Concelho of Mogadouro.	Azinhoso	Mogadouro
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hoosac Range is part of both the Berkshires of western Massachusetts and the southern Green Mountains of Vermont; it is part of the greater Appalachian Mountain chain.	Hoosac Range	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Previla (Serbian Cyrillic: Превила) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Previla	Foča
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whittier Narrows Dam is a 56-foot (17 m) tall earth dam on the San Gabriel River located, as its name implies, at the Whittier Narrows in Montebello, California.	Whittier Narrows Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lowell Catholic High School is a private, not-for-profit, college preparatory school in Lowell, Massachusetts.	Lowell Catholic High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meymunabad (Persian: ميمون آباد‎, also Romanized as Meymūnābād; also known as Mehmānābād and Moḩammadābād) is a village in Sis Rural District, Bolbanabad District, Dehgolan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Meymunabad	Bolbanabad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eugeniów (ɛuˈɡɛɲuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sienno, within Lipsko County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Eugeniów	Gmina Sienno
located in the administrative territorial entity	It often refers to the broad, densely populated, fjord-like mouth of the river, in Kramfors Municipality, and is known for the Ådalen shootings in 1931.	Ådalen	Kramfors Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	WSDR (1240 AM) is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Sterling, Illinois.	WSDR	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Michorowo (mixɔˈrɔvɔ) (German Micherau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztum, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Michorowo	Gmina Sztum
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sir Kenneth Green Library is the library of Manchester Metropolitan University, in the All Saints building, where it occupies five floors.	Sir Kenneth Green Library	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stavyshche (Ukrainian: Ставище) is an urban-type settlement in the Kiev Oblast (province) in northern Ukraine, on the Hnylyi Tikych river.	Stavyshche	Kiev Oblast	Ukraine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sonoran Desert National Monument is located south of Goodyear and Buckeye and east of Gila Bend, Arizona.	Sonoran Desert National Monument	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Wieś Oleska (ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ ɔˈlɛska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzów Śląski, within Olesno County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Nowa Wieś Oleska	Gmina Gorzów Śląski
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vancouver Maritime Museum is a Maritime museum devoted to presenting the maritime history of Vancouver, British Columbia, and the Canadian Arctic.	Vancouver Maritime Museum	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fluvanna County High School (FCHS) is a public school about two miles west of Palmyra, Virginia on Virginia State Route 53.	Fluvanna County High School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bab Zangi (Persian: باب زنگي‎, also Romanized as Bāb Zangī) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Goruh Rural District, Rayen District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bab Zangi	Hoseynabad-e Goruh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Villa Mettlen is a country estate in the municipality of Muri bei Bern in the Canton of Bern in Switzerland.	Villa Mettlen	Canton of Bern
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turnhouse Golf Club is a golf club situated in the West of Edinburgh on Lennie Hill at Turnhouse, Scotland.	Turnhouse Golf Club	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheviock (Cornish: Seviek) is a coastal civil parish and a hamlet in south-east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Sheviock	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glen Park Municipal Swimming Pool is a historic swimming pool in River Falls, Wisconsin.	Glen Park Municipal Swimming Pool	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burkarty (burˈkartɨ) (German: Borchertsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Burkarty	Gmina Bartoszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Samuel Douglass House at 215 N. Main St. in Payson, Utah was built in 1874 and later substantially altered.	Samuel Douglass House	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbasabad-e Talabi (Persian: عباس اباد طالبي‎, also Romanized as ``Abbāsābād-e Tālabī) is a village in Shusef Rural District, Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 44, in 13 families.	Abbasabad-e Talabi	Shusef Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nez Perce Peak is located in the Teton Range, Grand Teton National Park, Wyoming, immediately southeast of Grand Teton.	Nez Perce Peak	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ballhausplatz is a square in central Vienna containing the building (with the address Ballhausplatz 2) that for over two hundred years has been the official residence of the most senior Austrian Cabinet Minister, the State Chancellor, today the Chancellor of Austria (Prime Minister).	Ballhausplatz	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poniklica (pɔniˈklit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Knyszyn, within Mońki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Poniklica	Gmina Knyszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bloomingdale Firehouse, also known as the Brown Square Station, is a historic former firehouse at 267 Plantation Street/676 Franklin Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.	Bloomingdale Firehouse	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Robert Taylor Ranch is a ranch located on Mandeville Canyon Road, in the Brentwood section of Los Angeles, California.	Robert Taylor Ranch	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thembang is an ancient village with high historical and cultural significance situated in West Kameng district of Arunachal Pradesh, India.	Thembang	Arunachal Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brudzędy (bruˈd͡zɛndɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Markusy, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Brudzędy	Gmina Markusy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Perham Municipal Airport (FAA LID: 16D) is a city-owned public-use airport located two miles northwest of the central business district of Perham, a city in Otter Tail County, Minnesota, United States.	Perham Municipal Airport	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mo'orea (Tahitian pronunciation: \ˌmō-ō-ˈrā-ä, ˈmō-ō-ˌrā-\) is a high island in French Polynesia, one of the Windward Islands, part of the Society Islands, 17 kilometres (11 mi) northwest of Tahiti.	Mo'orea	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Carlos volcanic field is a monogenetic volcanic field in Arizona.	San Carlos volcanic field	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Albany Parks & Recreation is a city agency in Albany, Oregon, United States responsible for maintaining the local city parks as well as organizing cultural events.	Albany Parks & Recreation	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halton Moor is a district of east Leeds, West Yorkshire, England, about three miles east of Leeds city centre close to the A63.	Halton Moor	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Montgomery Water Works is located along NY 17K in the village of Montgomery, New York.	Montgomery Water Works	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faqir Bazar (Persian: فقيربازار‎, also Romanized as Faqīr Bāzār) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Faqir Bazar	Polan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarlujeh (Persian: قارلوجه‎, also Romanized as Qārlūjeh; also known as Qārūjeh) is a village in Garamduz Rural District, Garamduz District, Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qarlujeh	Garamduz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kodak Tower is a 19 story skyscraper located in the High Falls District of Rochester, New York.	Kodak Tower	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Korean Central Presbyterian Church (KCPC) is an Evangelical Christian megachurch located in Centreville, Virginia, situated in the Washington D.C. metropolitan area, affiliated with the Presbyterian Church in America.	Korean Central Presbyterian Church	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gampo Abbey is a Western Buddhist monastery in the Shambhala tradition in Nova Scotia, Canada.	Gampo Abbey	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jerome Historic District, in Jerome, Arizona, is a historic district that is significant for its association with copper mining.	Jerome Historic District	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varguran (Persian: ورگوران‎, also Romanized as Vargūrān) is a village in Tarq Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Natanz County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Varguran	Tarq Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dziadowice-Folwark (d͡ʑadɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈfɔlvark) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malanów, within Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Dziadowice-Folwark	Gmina Malanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Marvi (Persian: كلاته مروي‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Marvī; also known as Mowrī) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Marvi	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shapur Rural District (Persian: دهستان شاپور‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shapur Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Asylum Light is located just north of Oshkosh, Wisconsin, in Winnebago County, Wisconsin.	Asylum Light	Winnebago County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The River Rat is a river in the county of Suffolk in East Anglia, England.	River Rat	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hozomeen Mountain is a double-summited rock peak on the east side of Ross Lake in the North Cascades of Washington state.	Hozomeen Mountain	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	As Hexiwuzhen (镇), a locality of about 25,000 people, has now been absorbed by the municipality of Tianjin's Wuqing District.	Hexiwu	Wuqing District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shir-e Tar (Persian: شيرتر‎, also Romanized as Shīr-e Tar) is a village in Lulaman Rural District, in the Central District of Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Shir-e Tar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nepean Highway runs south from the corner of Glenhuntly Road and Brighton Road in Victoria, Australia to Portsea, along the eastern shore of Port Phillip.	Nepean Highway	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liszkowice (liʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rojewo, within Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Liszkowice	Gmina Rojewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hruszew (ˈxruʂɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Platerów, within Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Hruszew	Gmina Platerów
located in the administrative territorial entity	RAAF Base Darwin (IATA: DRW, ICAO: YPDN) is a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) base located in the city of Darwin, Northern Territory.	RAAF Base Darwin	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Negareh (Persian: نگره‎; also known as Tīreh ``Alī) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District, in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 457, in 104 families.	Negareh	Khaneh Shur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaussée-Notre-Dame-Louvignies is a village near the Belgian town Soignies in the province of hainaut.	Chaussée-Notre-Dame-Louvignies	Soignies
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wroxton is a village and civil parish in the north of Oxfordshire about 3 miles (5 km) west of Banbury.	Wroxton	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Białołęka (Polish pronunciation: (bʲawɔˈwɛŋka), from biały - white and łąka - meadow) is one of 18 districts of Warsaw, located in the northern part of the city.	Białołęka	Warsaw
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chesters Bridge was a Roman bridge over the River North Tyne at Chollerford, Northumberland, England, and adjacent to Chesters Roman fort on Hadrian's Wall.	Chesters Bridge	Northumberland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wood-Harrison House at 310 S. 300 West in Springville, Utah was built in 1853 and expanded in 1877.	Wood-Harrison House	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chapel No. 1 or Eisenhower Memorial Chapel is a historic chapel located at the former Lowry Air Force Base in Denver, Colorado, United States.	Chapel No. 1	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prairie Grove Battlefield State Park is an Arkansas state park located next to Prairie Grove.	Prairie Grove Battlefield State Park	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Billingsgate is one of the 25 Wards of the City of London.	Billingsgate	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przewodowo Poduchowne (pʂɛvɔˈdɔvɔ pɔduˈxɔvnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gzy, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Przewodowo Poduchowne	Gmina Gzy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kodagu is the district neighbouring Kannur district of which Ulikkal forms a part.	Ulikkal	Kannur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Portico Row is a set of 16 historic rowhouses located in the Washington Square West neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Portico Row	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pain Serest (Persian: پايين سرست‎, also Romanized as Pā’īn Serest; also known as Pā’īn Sar Rost) is a village in Gatab-e Shomali Rural District, Gatab District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pain Serest	Gatab-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eldorado Valley, or El Dorado Valley, is a Great Basin valley in the Mojave Desert southeast of Las Vegas and southwest of Boulder City, Nevada.	Eldorado Valley	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thomas P. Ives House is a National Historic Landmark at 66 Power Street in the College Hill in Providence, Rhode Island.	Thomas P. Ives House	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	KVFS-LP is a low-powered radio station in Spokane, Washington.	KVFS-LP	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chestertown Railroad Station is a historic railway station built in 1902--03 for the Pennsylvania Railroad and located in Chestertown, Kent County, Maryland.	Chestertown Railroad Station	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gros Cap Archaeological District is a set of three archaeological sites located in Moran Township, Michigan, USA, designated 20MK6, 20MK7 and 20MK111.	Gros Cap Archaeological District	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kingsway Jewish Center is a historic synagogue at 2810 Nostrand Ave. in Midwood, Brooklyn, New York, New York.	Kingsway Jewish Center	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Kineo, situated beside Moosehead Lake in Maine, is in the northern Maine forest, which stretches north to Canada.	Mount Kineo	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Facpi Point is a headland in the southwest of the island of Guam.	Facpi Point	Guam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vanistan (Persian: ونيستان‎, also Romanized as Vanīstān; also known as Vanīstān-e Chūbar) is a village in Chubar Rural District, Haviq District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Vanistan	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moniatycze-Kolonia (mɔɲaˈtɨt͡ʂɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Moniatycze-Kolonia	Gmina Hrubieszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gronówek (ɡrɔˈnuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złoczew, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Gronówek	Gmina Złoczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nyzhnie Synovydne (Ukrainian: Ни́жнє Синьови́дне, Polish: Synowódzko Niżne) is a village (selo) in Skole Raion, Lviv Oblast, of Western Ukraine.	Nyzhnie Synovydne	Skole Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ettington is a village and civil parish about 5.5 miles (9 km) south-east of Stratford-upon-Avon in Warwickshire, England.	Ettington	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	V.M. Ybor is a neighborhood within the city limits of Tampa, Florida, United States.	V.M. Ybor	Tampa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashby-de-la-Zouch (/ˌæʃbɪˌdələˈzuːʃ/), often shortened to Ashby, is a small market town and civil parish in North West Leicestershire, England, within the National Forest.	Ashby-de-la-Zouch	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Ferris Secondary School (WFSS) is located on Marshall Park Drive in the West Ferris area of North Bay, Ontario.	West Ferris Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Abbey of St. Jean des Vignes was a monastery of Augustinian Canons situated in the south western hills of Soissons, Aisne, France.	Abbey of St. Jean des Vignes	Soissons
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kowańcz (ˈkɔvaɲt͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karlino, within Białogard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kowańcz	Gmina Karlino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gonsenheim is a borough in the northwest corner of Mainz, Germany.	Gonsenheim	Mainz
located in the administrative territorial entity	David W. Butler High School (commonly referred to as ``Butler''), established in 1997, is located in Matthews, North Carolina, USA.	David W. Butler High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musée de l'Imprimerie is a museum in Lyon, France, with the mission of enhancing, conserving, documenting and valuing the heritage of printed books and graphic arts.	Musée de l'Imprimerie	Lyon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Livermore Valley AVA is an American Viticultural Area in Alameda County, California, surrounding the city of Livermore in the Tri-Valley region.	Livermore Valley AVA	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Howelsen Hill Ski Area is a small ski area located on Howelsen Hill in Steamboat Springs, Colorado.	Howelsen Hill Ski Area	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ajmera (Urdu, Pashto: اجميره) is a town, and one of twenty union councils in Battagram District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Ajmera	Battagram District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Santa Susana Field Laboratory is a complex of industrial research and development facilities located on a 2,668-acre (1,080 ha) portion of the Southern California Simi Hills in Simi Valley, California.	Santa Susana Field Laboratory	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Louis Assembly Plant was an automobile factory owned by Ford Motor Company in Hazelwood, Missouri.	St. Louis Assembly Plant	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	WR Draw is an out-of-service railroad bridge crossing the Passaic River between Newark and the Arlington section of Kearny, New Jersey.	WR Draw	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	WQME is a medium market Contemporary-Christian format radio station in Anderson, Indiana broadcasting on 98.7 FM.	WQME	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lumami is a village located in the Zunheboto district of Nagaland state, in North Eastern part of India.	Lumami	Nagaland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Woods is an ephemeral freshwater lake in the Northern Territory of Australia.	Lake Woods	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Le Roy Commercial Historic District is a commercial historic district in downtown Le Roy, Illinois.	Le Roy Commercial Historic District	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nedging-with-Naughton is a civil parish in Suffolk, England.	Nedging-with-Naughton	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Symbiosis International University (SIU) is a private coeducational, multi-institutional university located in Pune, Maharashtra, India.	Symbiosis International University	Pune
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Anthony's Battery (Maltese: Batterija ta' Sant'Antnin) is an artillery battery in Qala, Gozo, Malta.	Saint Anthony's Battery	Qala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edrisabad (Persian: ادريس اباد‎, also Romanized as Edrīsābād and Edresābād) is a village in Jafarabad Rural District, Jafarabad District, Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Edrisabad	Jafarabad Rural District	Qom Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scotts Bluff National Monument in western Nebraska includes an important 19th-century landmark on the Oregon Trail and Mormon Trail.	Scotts Bluff National Monument	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Diamond Club Ground is home ground of Diamond Cricket Club and First-class cricket venue in Islamabad, Pakistan.	Diamond Club Ground	Islamabad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaqlu (Persian: قشلاق لو‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāqlū) is a village in Najafabad Rural District, in the Central District of Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Qeshlaqlu	Najafabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brocton Arch is a historic ``welcome arch'' located at Brocton in Chautauqua County, New York.	Brocton Arch	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Golni (Persian: چاه گلني‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Golnī) is a village in Kohurestan Rural District, in the Central District of Khamir County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Golni	Kohurestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Okomu National Park, formerly the Okomu Wildlife Sanctuary, is a forest block within the 1,082 km² Okomu Forest Reserve in the Ovia South-West Local Government Area of Edo State in Nigeria.	Okomu National Park	Edo State
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darrell Bay, formerly Shannon Bay, is a bay and associated ferry terminal and unincorporated settlement on the northeast coast of Howe Sound to the south of Squamish, British Columbia, Canada.	Darrell Bay	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hendudur (Persian: هندودر‎, also Romanized as Hendūdūr; also known as Hanūdār, Hendūdar, Henūdar, and Hindūdar) is a city in and the capital of Sarband District, in Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Hendudur	Sarband District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yilqan Darreh (Persian: يلقان دره‎, also Romanized as Yīlqān Darreh) is a village in Mehrabad Rural District, Rudehen District, Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Yilqan Darreh	Mehrabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Twin Pine Airport (FAA LID: N75), originally called the Pennington Airport, was a privately owned public-use airport located on Pennington-Lawrenceville Road three miles (4.8 km) southeast of the central business district of Pennington, in Hopewell Township, Mercer County, New Jersey, United States.	Twin Pine Airport	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winchcombe is a Cotswold town in the local authority district of Tewkesbury, in Gloucestershire, England.	Winchcombe	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wanikajmy (vaniˈkai̯mɨ) (German: Woninkeim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Wanikajmy	Gmina Sępopol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parzynów (paˈʐɨnuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobyla Góra, within Ostrzeszów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Parzynów	Gmina Kobyla Góra
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cambridge School of Culinary Arts (CSCA) is a professional school located in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Cambridge School of Culinary Arts	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harileh (Persian: هريله‎, also Romanized as Harīleh) is a village in Dinavar Rural District, Dinavar District, Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Harileh	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The China World Trade Center (simplified Chinese: 中国国际贸易中心; traditional Chinese: 中國國際貿易中心; pinyin: Zhōngguó guójì màoyì zhōngxīn) is located in Chaoyang District, the central business district of Beijing, China.	The China World Trade Center	Beijing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zahabad (Persian: زه اباد‎, also Romanized as Zahābād and Zehābād; also known as Zabad) is a village in Niyarak Rural District, Tarom Sofla District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Zahabad	Niyarak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cedzyna (t͡sɛˈd͡zɨna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górno, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Cedzyna	Gmina Górno
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cornelia White House is a historic 1893 wooden residential structure located in downtown Palm Springs, California, and is one of the oldest surviving structures -- of any kind -- in the town.	Cornelia White House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rhinelander High School, abbreviated RHS, is a high school in Rhinelander, Oneida County, Wisconsin USA.	Rhinelander High School	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Presidio of San Francisco (originally, El Presidio Real de San Francisco or The Royal Fortress of Saint Francis) is a park and former military base on the northern tip of the San Francisco Peninsula in San Francisco, California, and is part of the Golden Gate National Recreation Area.	Presidio of San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamskoye Ustye (Russian: Камское Устье) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) and the administrative center of Kamsko-Ustyinsky District in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia, located on the Kuybyshev Reservoir, near the confluence of the Volga and Kama Rivers.	Kamskoye Ustye	Kamsko-Ustyinsky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monument to the Unknown Soldier (Arabic,نصب الجندي المجهول) is a monument in central Baghdad designed by Italian architect Marcello D'Olivo and built between 1979 and 1982.	The Monument to the Unknown Soldier	Baghdad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prospera Place, formerly known as Skyreach Place, is a 6,886-seat multi-purpose arena, in Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada.	Prospera Place	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mehan (Persian: مهن‎, also Romanized as Mahn and Mīhan) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzkuh County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Mehan	Poshtkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łysowody (wɨsɔˈvɔdɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ćmielów, within Ostrowiec County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Łysowody	Gmina Ćmielów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sharukhiyeh (Persian: شاروخيه‎, also Romanized as Shārūkhīyeh; also known as Shāhrokhīyeh) is a village in Buzi Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sharukhiyeh	Buzi Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keira High School in Wollongong, New South Wales has existed as an institution under several names since 1917.	Keira High School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Westminster Castle, also locally known as ``The Big Red Castle'' or ``The Pillar of Fire'' is a historic landmark located in Westminster, Colorado, northwest of Denver near the intersection of 83rd and Federal.	Westminster Castle	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naddafiyeh (Persian: ندافيه‎, also Romanized as Naddāfīyeh) is a village in Mollasani Rural District, in the Central District of Bavi County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Naddafiyeh	Mollasani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Central Grocery is a small, old-fashioned Italian-American grocery store with a sandwich counter, located at 923 Decatur Street in the French Quarter of New Orleans, Louisiana.	Central Grocery	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Howe Military Academy is a private, co-educational, and college preparatory boarding school located on a 100-acre (0.40 km2) campus in Northeast Indiana.	Howe Military Academy	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patomha (Persian: پاتمها‎, also Romanized as Pātomhā; also known as Bātamhā, Bātanbā, and Pātomhā Mījān) is a village in Rezvan Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Patomha	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blue Heron Lake is an ``L''-shaped man-made lake located in East Riverside Park in the east of Windsor, Ontario, Canada.	Blue Heron Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rębusz (ˈrɛmbuʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierzwnik, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Rębusz	Gmina Bierzwnik
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Territoire de Belfort (French pronunciation: ​(tɛ.ʁi.twaʁ də bɛl.fɔʁ)) is a department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region of eastern France.	Territoire de Belfort	Bourgogne-Franche-Comté
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abiriba is pronounced (/E`biriba`/) and it is in The Ohafia Local Government Area.	Abiriba	Ohafia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saravani (Persian: سراواني‎, also Romanized as Sarāvānī) is a village in Qorqori Rural District, Qorqori District, Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Saravani	Sistan and Baluchestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazarandeh (Persian: مزارنده‎, also Romanized as Mazārandeh and Mezārandeh) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District, Abezhdan District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mazarandeh	Abezhdan Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Izkhvor Deh (Persian: ايزخورده‎, also Romanized as Īzkhvor Deh) is a village in Natel Kenar-e Olya Rural District, in the Central District of Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Izkhvor Deh	Natel Kenar-e Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nicollet Avenue is a major street in Minneapolis, Minnesota and three of its suburbs.	Nicollet Avenue	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Middle Haddam Historic District is a historic district in the town of East Hampton, Connecticut.	Middle Haddam Historic District	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mnichus (ˈmnixus) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozimek, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Mnichus	Gmina Ozimek
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New England Air Museum (NEAM) is an aerospace museum located at Bradley International Airport in Windsor Locks, Connecticut, U.S.A..	New England Air Museum	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ferdowsieh (Persian: فردوسيه‎, also Romanized as Ferdowsīeh; formerly, Ferdows) is a city in the Central District of Shahriar County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Ferdowsieh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madhi is a village in Pathardi taluka of Ahmednagar district in Maharashtra.	Madhi	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaua Municipality (Yucatec Maya: ``is it bitter?'') is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing (214.60 km2) of land and is located roughly 135 kilometres (84 mi) southeast of the city of Mérida.	Kaua Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blind River Iron Bridge Wharncliffe, Ontario Ontario Hydro constructed dams and four hydroelectric generating stations on the Mississagi River, Rayner G.S., Wells G.S., Red Rock Falls G.S., and Aubrey Falls G.S. between 1950 and 1970, which today are operated by Brookfield Asset Management.	Mississagi River	Ontario Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dameh (Persian: دمه‎) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Dameh	Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ennepe-Ruhr-Kreis is a district in the center of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Ennepe-Ruhr-Kreis	North Rhine-Westphalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamchay Mear District (Khmer: ស្រុកកំចាយមារ) is a district located in Prey Veng Province, in south eastern Cambodia.	Kamchay Mear District	Prey Veng Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of Flying is a private non-profit air and space museum in Santa Monica, California.	Museum of Flying	Santa Monica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Politz Day School is a private Modern Orthodox Jewish day school in Cherry Hill, New Jersey.	Politz Day School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Zahl National Wildlife Refuge is a 3,823-acre (1,547 ha) National Wildlife Refuge in Williams County in the U.S. state of North Dakota.	Lake Zahl National Wildlife Refuge	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pelletier House is a historic home and national historic district located at Jacksonville, Onslow County, North Carolina.	Pelletier House	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 114 Marble Street in Stoneham, Massachusetts is a well-preserved Gothic Victorian cottage, built c. 1850.	House at 114 Marble Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talandasht (Persian: تالاندشت‎, also Romanized as Tālāndasht) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Talandasht	Sar Firuzabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owston and Newbold is a hamlet and civil parish, 5 miles (8 km) west of Oakham in the county of Leicestershire, England.	Owston and Newbold	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Assens Municipality is a municipality (Danish, kommune) in Region of Southern Denmark on the west coast of the island of Funen in central Denmark.	Assens Municipality	Region of Southern Denmark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fraddon is a village in mid Cornwall, England, United Kingdom, in the parish of St Enoder.	Fraddon	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fricktal (``Frick Valley'') region is the northwest extension of the Swiss canton of Aargau.	Fricktal	Aargau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowhar Darreh (Persian: گوهردره‎) is a village in Pishkuh-e Mugui Rural District, in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Gowhar Darreh	Pishkuh-e Mugui Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czarnia Mała (ˈt͡ʂarɲa ˈmawa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skrwilno, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Czarnia Mała	Gmina Skrwilno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Langhorne Speedway was an automobile racetrack in Middletown Township, Bucks County, near the borough of Langhorne, Pennsylvania, a northern suburb of Philadelphia.	Langhorne Speedway	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hartman Prehistoric Garden is a botanical garden within the Zilker Botanical Garden in Austin, Texas, USA.	Hartman Prehistoric Garden	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lefka Ori (Greek: Λευκά Όρη, meaning ``White Mountains'') or Madares (Μαδάρες from the Cretan Greek μαδαρός meaning ``without coverage, bald, bare of any vegetation for high mountain areas'') is a mountain range located in Western Crete, in the Chania prefecture.	Lefka Ori	Crete
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huijiang Station (Chinese: 会江站) is a metro station on Line 2 of the Guangzhou Metro located under the junction of Shibei Avenue (Chinese: 石北大道) and Shizhong Second Road (Chinese: 石中二路) in the Panyu District of Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province, China.	Huijiang Station	Panyu District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vettakkal is coastal village in Cherthala taluk of Alappuzha district in Kerala, India.	Vettakkal	Alappuzha district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McDonald Ranch is a historic ranch complex located 14 miles (23 km) southwest of Chugwater in Laramie County, Wyoming.	McDonald Ranch	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	McAllister Glacier is in a large cirque to the north and east of Dorado Needle, North Cascades National Park, in the U.S. state of Washington.	McAllister Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stojadła (stɔˈjadwa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stojadła	Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maniowo (maˈɲɔvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Pelplin, within Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Maniowo	Gmina Pelplin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ravensberg Basin (German: Ravensberger Mulde) or Ravensberg Hills (Ravensberger Hügelland) is a natural region in the governorate of Detmold (Ostwestfalen-Lippe) in the northeastern part of the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia; small elements also fall within the neighbouring state of Lower Saxony.	Ravensberg Basin	North Rhine-Westphalia	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galugah County (Persian: شهرستان گلوگاه‎) is a county in Mazandaran Province in Iran.	Galugah County	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Grand-Croix is a commune and a canton in the Loire department in central France.	La Grand-Croix	Loire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Los Cerritos Center is a super regional shopping mall located in Cerritos, California.	Los Cerritos Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alikuh (Persian: اليكوه‎, also Romanized as Ālīkūh and ``Ālī Kūh; also known as Ālkūh) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Ardal County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,382, in 473 families.	Alikuh	Poshtkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Quarry Bridge is located near Quarry, Iowa in Marshall County, Iowa.	Quarry Bridge	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The German School London (German: Deutsche Schule London; DSL) is a school based at the Grade II* listed building Douglas House in Petersham in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.	German School London	London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sang Bijar (Persian: سنگ بيجار‎, also Romanized as Sang Bījār; also known as Sangabadzhar, Sangabajar, and Sang Bejār) is a village in Rud Pish Rural District, in the Central District of Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Sang Bijar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bargo River, a watercourse of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment, is located in the Southern Highlands and Macarthur districts of New South Wales, Australia.	Bargo River	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Achingills (Gaelic: ) is a small hamlet in Halkirk, Caithness within Highland region and is in the Scottish council area of the Highland.	Achingills	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khar Tidu (Persian: خارتيدو‎, also Romanized as Khār Tīdū; also known as Zangūtī) is a village in Bajestan Rural District, in the Central District of Bajestan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khar Tidu	Bajestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maleskam (Persian: ملسكام‎, also Romanized as Maleskām and Moleskām; also known as Mowlīskān) is a village in Gurab Pas Rural District, in the Central District of Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Maleskam	Gurab Pas Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Port of Morrow is the port authority in Boardman, a city in Morrow County, Oregon, United States, on the Columbia River.	Port of Morrow	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang-e Algher (Persian: تنگ الغر‎) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Yusefi Rural District, Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District, Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Tang-e Algher	Sar Asiab-e Yusefi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chestnut Hill Meetinghouse (also known as South Parish Meeting House) is an historic meeting house at the corner of Chestnut and Thayer Streets in Millville, Massachusetts.	Chestnut Hill Meetinghouse	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ségou Region is an administrative region in Mali, situated in the centre of the country with an area of 64,821 km2 (around 5% of Mali).	Ségou Region	Mali
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poskurice (Serbian: Поскурице) is a village in the municipality of Aerodrom, Serbia.	Poskurice	Aerodrom
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rodenbourg (Luxembourgish: Roudemer, German: Rodenburg) is a village in the commune of Junglinster, in central Luxembourg.	Rodenbourg	Junglinster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coplow Dale (or Coplowdale) is a small settlement in the civil parish of Little Hucklow, Derbyshire, England.	Coplow Dale	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sureh Chum (Persian: سوره چوم‎, also Romanized as Sūreh Chūm; also known as Sūreh Cham) is a village in Baryaji Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sureh Chum	Baryaji Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Simindasht (Persian: سيمين دشت‎, also Romanized as Sīmīndasht) is a village in Hablerud Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzkuh County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Simindasht	Hablerud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Disley Aerodrome, (TC LID: CDS2), is located adjacent to Disley, Saskatchewan, Canada, and just west of Lumsden.	Disley Aerodrome	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newcomb's Ranch is a roadhouse at 5,340 feet (1,630 m) in elevation in the Angeles National Forest, near Los Angeles, California.	Newcomb's Ranch	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prior Park Landscape Garden surrounding the Prior Park estate south of Bath, Somerset, England, was designed in the 18th century by the poet Alexander Pope and the landscape gardener Capability Brown, and is now owned by the National Trust.	Prior Park Landscape Garden	Bath
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tappahannock Municipal Airport (FAA LID: W79) was a town-owned public-use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) west of the central business district of Tappahannock, a town in Essex County, Virginia, United States.	Tappahannock Municipal Airport	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palmas Arborea (Sardinian: Prammas) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) northwest of Cagliari and about 6 kilometres (4 mi) southeast of Oristano.	Palmas Arborea	Province of Oristano
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Utica Memorial Auditorium is a 3,860-seat multi-purpose arena in Utica, New York, with a capacity of 5,700 for concerts.	Utica Memorial Auditorium	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jizzakh Region (Uzbek: Jizzax viloyati / Жиззах вилояти) is one of the regions of Uzbekistan.	Jizzakh Region	Uzbekistan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westfield Culver City (also known as the Fox Hills Mall), is a shopping mall in Culver City, California, owned by the Westfield Group.	Westfield Culver City	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bina Etawa is a town and a municipality in Sagar district in the state of Madhya Pradesh.	Bina Etawa	Sagar
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Scripps Mansion (or Moulton Manor) is a Tudor style mansion located in Lake Orion, Michigan.	Scripps Mansion	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	KAWW (1370 AM, ``News Talk 1370'') is a radio station licensed to serve Heber Springs, Arkansas, USA.	KAWW	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kani Guz (Persian: كاني گوز‎, also Romanized as Kānī Gūz; also known as Kānī Jowz) is a village in Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kani Guz	Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tangal-e Mazar (Persian: تنگل مزار‎, also Romanized as Tangal-e Mazār and Tangal Mazār) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District, Bala Velayat District, Bakharz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tangal-e Mazar	Bala Velayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yerrachervu Palli or YC Palli is a small village located in Kadapa District of Andhra Pradesh in India.	Yerrachervu Palli	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swany White Flour Mills was a small flour mill in Freeport, Minnesota, United States.	Swany White Flour Mills	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czarna Buchta (ˈt͡ʂarna ˈbuxta), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnopol, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Czarna Buchta	Gmina Krasnopol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palatine Church, also known as Palatine Evangelical Lutheran Church, is a historic Evangelical Lutheran church on Mohawk Turnpike in Palatine, Montgomery County, New York.	Palatine Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Black Mallard River, also known as Carp Creek, is a short river in the Lower Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan.	Black Mallard River	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The historic Hotel Boulderado is located at 13th and Spruce St. in downtown Boulder, Colorado.	Hotel Boulderado	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moholm is a locality situated in Töreboda Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden with 640 inhabitants in 2010.	Moholm	Töreboda Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barotac Nuevo (Spanish for: New Barotac) is a second-class municipality in the province of Iloilo, Philippines.	Barotac Nuevo	Iloilo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Railway Museum (NRM) is a museum in York forming part of the British Science Museum Group of National Museums and telling the story of rail transport in Britain and its impact on society.	National Railway Museum	York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pottsville Area High School is a coeducational public high school located in Pottsville, Pennsylvania.	Pottsville Area High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gangneung is the economic centre of the Yeongdong region of Gangwon Province.	Gangneung	Gangwon Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Celal Bayar University or (CBÜ) is a state university located in Manisa, Turkey.	Celal Bayar University	Manisa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zirgar (Persian: زيرگر‎, also Romanized as Zīrgar) is a village in Rostam-e Seh Rural District, Sorna District, Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Zirgar	Rostam-e Seh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Mary's Seminary and University is a Roman Catholic seminary located within the Archdiocese of Baltimore in Baltimore, Maryland; it was the first seminary founded in the United States of America.	St. Mary's Seminary and University	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Machuelo Arriba is one of the 31 barrios of the municipality of Ponce, Puerto Rico.	Machuelo Arriba	Ponce
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is divided between the two countries, the northern half (47 inhabitants in 1999) being part of the commune of Lucelle, Haut-Rhin, in the Haut-Rhin département, the southern half being part of Pleigne, in the Swiss Canton of Jura.	Lucelle	Canton of Jura
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Smith Mine disaster was the worst coal mining disaster in the State of Montana, and the 43rd worst in the United States, according to the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH).	Smith Mine disaster	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Katkajmy (katˈkai̯mɨ) (German: Kattkeim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Katkajmy	Gmina Kętrzyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Delano Peak is the highest point in the Tushar Mountains of south-central Utah.	Delano Peak	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budy Porajskie (ˈbudɨ pɔˈrai̯skʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozprza, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Budy Porajskie	Gmina Rozprza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galleywood is a village surrounded by countryside in Essex, about 30 miles from London, and close to the city of Chelmsford.	Galleywood	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mian Margh (Persian: ميان مرغ‎, also Romanized as Mīān Margh and Mīān Morgh; also known as Mīān Morkh and Miyān Markh) is a village in Darzab Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mian Margh	Darzab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aragua State (Spanish: Estado Aragua, IPA: (esˈtaðo aˈɾaɣwa)) is located in the north-central region of Venezuela.	Aragua	Venezuela
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luther Yard is a rail yard operated by the Norfolk Southern Railway in St. Louis, Missouri.	Luther Yard	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boundary County Courthouse (also known as 001316) is a courthouse building located in Bonners Ferry, Idaho.	Boundary County Courthouse	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Birdholme is a suburb of the town of Chesterfield, Derbyshire, England.	Birdholme	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Somerset Collection is an upscale, luxury, super-regional shopping mall, located in Metro Detroit, in Troy, Michigan with more than 180 specialty stores.	Somerset Collection	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monon Trail (known as the Monon Greenway in Carmel) is a rail trail located entirely within the state of Indiana.	Monon Trail	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patrick Arena was the main sports arena located in the Greater Victoria, British Columbia, area.	Patrick Arena	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostrożnica (ɔstrɔʐˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłowiczki, within Kędzierzyn-Koźle County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Ostrożnica	Gmina Pawłowiczki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pileh Mahalleh (Persian: پيله محله‎, also Romanized as Pīleh Maḩalleh) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pileh Mahalleh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lembarg (ˈlɛmbark) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonowo Pomorskie, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Lembarg	Gmina Jabłonowo Pomorskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Henry Street Settlement is a not-for-profit social service agency in the Lower East Side neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City that provides social services, arts programs and health care services to New Yorkers of all ages.	Henry Street Settlement	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fatburen is a small lake in Tyresö Municipality, south-east of central Stockholm, Sweden.	Fatburen	Tyresö Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dulje (Serbian Cyrillic: Дуље, Albanian: Duhël/Duhla) is a settlement in the Suva Reka municipality in the disputed region of Kosovo.	Dulje	Suva Reka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kopalino (kɔpaˈlinɔ) (German: Koppalin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choczewo, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kopalino	Gmina Choczewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bikar Atoll (Marshallese: Pikaar, (pʲi͡ɯɡɑːrˠ)) is an uninhabited atoll in the Ratak Chain of the Marshall Islands.	Bikar Atoll	Marshall Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laudańszczyzna (laudaɲʂˈt͡ʂɨzna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchowola, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Laudańszczyzna	Gmina Suchowola
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thomas E. Hart House and Kalmia Gardens is a 30-acre (12 ha) property in Hartsville, South Carolina, that was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1991.	Thomas E. Hart House	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zbęchy-Pole (ˈzbɛ̃xɨ ˈpɔlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywiń, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Zbęchy-Pole	Gmina Krzywiń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barton Villa, at 11245 Nevada St. in Redlands, California, is a historic Second Empire house that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Barton Villa	Redlands
located in the administrative territorial entity	General Burnside State Park is a park located just south of Somerset, Kentucky in Pulaski County.	General Burnside State Park	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gooseville Mill/Grist Mill is a historic mill on the North Branch Milwaukee River in Gooseville, Wisconsin.	Gooseville Mill/Grist Mill	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Havre High School is a high school (grades 9-12) in the small town of Havre, Hill County, Montana.	Havre High School	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Aberdeen City Hall is an historic governmental building located at 125 West Commerce Street, corner of South Hickory Street, in Aberdeen, Monroe County, Mississippi.	Aberdeen City Hall	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Russell Sage College (often Russell Sage or RSC) is a women's college located in Troy, New York, approximately 150 miles (240 km) north of New York City in the Capital District.	Russell Sage College	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Gałkowice (kɔˈlɔɲa ɡau̯kɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Kolonia Gałkowice	Gmina Dwikozy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chelbardi (Persian: چل بردي‎, also Romanized as Chelbardī and Chelebardī; also known as Chehel Bardeh) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Chelbardi	Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Białogóra (bjawɔˈɡura) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krokowa, within Puck County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Białogóra	Gmina Krokowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	SK Olympic Handball Gymnasium (Hangul: SK올림픽핸드볼경기장; hanja: SK奧林匹克手球運動場) is an indoor sporting arena located at the Olympic Park in Bangi-dong, Songpa-gu, Seoul South Korea.	SK Olympic Handball Gymnasium	Bangi-dong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gol Sarak (Persian: گلسرك‎; also known as Gol Sarak-e Sarāvān) is a village in Saravan Rural District, Sangar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gol Sarak	Saravan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mitchell Park Horticultural Conservatory (Mitchell Park Domes or The Domes) is a conservatory located at Mitchell Park in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, U.S..	Mitchell Park Horticultural Conservatory	Milwaukee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Okunin (ɔˈkunin) (German: Langmeil) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulechów, within Zielona Góra County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Okunin	Gmina Sulechów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalayeh Pahlu (Persian: كلايه پهلو‎, also Romanized as Kalāyeh Pahlū) is a village in Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kalayeh Pahlu	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castell-Rüdenhausen was a County in the region of Franconia in northern Bavaria of the Holy Roman Empire, ruled by a branch of the Counts of Castell.	Castell-Rüdenhausen	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baixia District was a district of Jiangsu Province, People's Republic of China, under the administration of Nanjing City.	Baixia District	Nanjing
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Autry Museum of the American West is a museum in Los Angeles, California, dedicated to exploring an inclusive history of the American West.	Autry Museum of the American West	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poughkeepsie Meeting House (Hooker Avenue) is a historic Quaker (Society of Friends) meeting house at 249 Hooker Avenue in Poughkeepsie, New York.	Poughkeepsie Meeting House (Hooker Avenue)	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Cangyan (Chinese: 苍岩山; pinyin: Cāngyán Shān; literally: ``Green Cliff Mountain'') is a scenic area in Jingxing County, Hebei Province, China, famous for its combination of natural mountain scenery with historical man-made structures.	Mount Cangyan	Jingxing County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Appalachian Technical College was a technical college within the Technical College System of Georgia.	Appalachian Technical College	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashland Regional Airport (ICAO: KDWU, FAA LID: DWU) is a public use airport in Worthington, Greenup County, Kentucky, owned by the Ashland Regional Airport Board.	Ashland Regional Airport	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kemper Lakes Golf Club is a private country club located in Ela Township, Lake County, outside Kildeer, Illinois, a suburb northwest of Chicago.	Kemper Lakes Golf Club	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Highland Park-Overlee Knolls, also known as Fostoria, is a national historic district located at Arlington County, Virginia.	Highland Park-Overlee Knolls	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oberwesel station is on the West Rhine Railway (German: Linke Rheinstrecke) between Koblenz and Mainz in the UNESCO World Heritage Site of the Upper Middle Rhine Valley in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Oberwesel station	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 47 Sargent Street in Newton, Massachusetts, is one of the city's finest Stick style houses.	House at 47 Sargent Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Mishnock is a residential recreational lake in West Greenwich, Kent County, Rhode Island.	Lake Mishnock	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Synagogue de Nazareth is situated on the Rue Notre-Dame-de-Nazareth, in the 3rd arrondissement of Paris, and is the oldest of the 'great' synagogues of Paris.	Synagogue de Nazareth	3rd arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agnes Mountain is a dramatic, but relatively unknown, peak in the North Cascades of the US state of Washington.	Agnes Mountain	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maziły (maˈʑiwɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susiec, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Maziły	Gmina Susiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kordali (Persian: كردعلي‎, also Romanized as Kordʿalī; also known as Kordlū) is a village in Hir Rural District, Hir District, Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Kordali	Hir Rural District	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Flatiron District (also sometimes called the Triangle District) in Oklahoma City is so named because several buildings in the district were built in a flatiron (triangular) architectural style due to Harrison Avenue diagonally intersecting the east-west and north-south streets of the district.	Triangle District	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Congosto (Spanish pronunciation: (koŋˈɡosto)) is a village and municipality located in the region of El Bierzo (province of León, Castile and León, Spain) .	Congosto	Bierzo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Halwill is a village in Devon, England just off the A3079 Okehampton to Holsworthy road.	Halwill	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Capitol Building or The Castle, as it is locally known, is a building in Olympia, Washington.	Old Capitol Building	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Western Headquarters of Russell, Majors, and Waddell was the San Francisco headquarters of the Pony Express, in which it housed at 601 Montgomery Street from 1860 to 1861.	Western Headquarters of Russell, Majors, and Waddell	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaheh (Persian: قهه‎, also Romanized as Qoheh; also known as Kūheh) is a village in Qombovan Rural District, in the Central District of Dehaqan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Qaheh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ciarka (ˈt͡ɕarka) (German Schiorke) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lasowice Wielkie, within Kluczbork County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Ciarka	Gmina Lasowice Wielkie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kul Gul (Persian: كول گل‎‎, also Romanized as Kūl Gūl) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kul Gul	Tang-e Haft Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podwilk (ˈpɔdvilk), (Slovak: Podvlk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonka, within Nowy Targ County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Podwilk	Gmina Jabłonka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gudun Gavabar (Persian: گودين گوابر‎, also Romanized as Gūdūn Gavābar; also known as Godūn Gavābar) is a village in Amlash-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gudun Gavabar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kushuhum or Kushugum (Ukrainian: Кушугум) is an urban-type settlement in the Zaporizhia Raion (district) of Zaporizhia Oblast in southern Ukraine.	Kushuhum	Zaporizhia Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mrsklesy (German Nirklowitz) is a village and municipality (obec) in Olomouc District in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic.	Mrsklesy	Olomouc District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niskayuna Reformed Church is a historic Dutch Reformed church located at 3041 Troy-Schenectady Road in Niskayuna in Schenectady County, New York.	Niskayuna Reformed Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southland Field (ICAO: KUXL, FAA LID: UXL, formerly L75) is a public-use airport located five nautical miles (9 km) south of the central business district of Sulphur, a city in Calcasieu Parish, Louisiana, United States.	Southland Field	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hartshorn Memorial Cannon is a decommissioned American Civil War naval cannon that forms the centerpiece of the South Lyndeborough Village Common in Lyndeborough, New Hampshire.	Hartshorn Memorial Cannon	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southsea is a seaside resort and geographic area, located in Portsmouth at the southern end of Portsea Island, Hampshire, England.	Southsea	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shetow (Persian: شطو‎, also Romanized as Sheţow) is a village in Bastam Rural District, in the Central District of Chaypareh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shetow	Bastam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obuladevaracheruvu is a village in Anantapur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Obuladevaracheruvu	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cham Gol (Persian: چم گل‎, also Romanized as Cham-e Gol) is a village in Bakesh-e Do Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Cham Gol	Bakesh-e Do Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chatham Street Row, also known as the Chatham Street Historic District, is a set of five historic buildings located at Nassau in Rensselaer County, New York.	Chatham Street Row	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thittai or Thengudi Thittai is a village in the Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India.This village is known for its Vasishteswarar_Temple,--	Thittai	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dongzhuosu (simplified Chinese: 东卓宿; traditional Chinese: 東卓宿; pinyin: Dōngzhuōsù) is a town under the administration of Jinzhou City in south-central Hebei province, China, located roughly equidistant from Jinzhou and Xinle.	Dongzhuosu	Jinzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jatu (Persian: جتو‎, also Romanized as Jatū) is a village in Marz Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Jatu	Chah Dadkhoda District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podradwanie (pɔdradˈvaɲe) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Szczucin, within Dąbrowa County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Podradwanie	Gmina Szczucin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Podilskyi District (Ukrainian: Подільський район) is an urban district of Kiev, the capital of Ukraine.	Podilskyi District	Kiev
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Młocka (ˈvɔla ˈmwɔt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Młocka	Gmina Glinojeck
located in the administrative territorial entity	WPZR (102.7 FM, ``Praise 102.7'') is an urban gospel formatted radio station licensed to Mount Clemens, Michigan, and serving the Detroit metropolitan area.	WPZR	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stony Rapids is a northern hamlet in Northern Saskatchewan, Canada.	Stony Rapids	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fort Des Moines Provisional Army Officer Training School was a military base and training facility on the south side of Des Moines, Iowa.	Fort Des Moines Provisional Army Officer Training School	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oldenburg (Oldb) or simply Oldenburg (German pronunciation: (ˈɔldənbʊʁk); Low German: Ollnborg; Saterland Frisian: Ooldenbuurich) is an independent city in the state of Lower Saxony, Germany.	Oldenburg	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	WAUN-FM (92.7 FM, ``La Mas Grande'') is a Regional Mexican formatted radio station licensed to Kewaunee, Wisconsin, that serves the Green Bay area.	WAUN-FM	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Acland Mine is located adjacent to Acland township, about 10 km north of Oakey on the Darling Downs in Queensland, Australia.	New Acland Mine	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Yuba River State Park is located along the South Fork of the Yuba River in the Sierra Nevada, within Nevada County, in Northern California.	South Yuba River State Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chalampé (German: Eichwald) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France, just across the Rhein River from Neuenburg, Germany.	Chalampé	Haut-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mylavaram, Kadapa district is a village and a mandal in Kadapa district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.	Mylavaram, Kadapa	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lilliput Glacier is the smallest named glacier in the Sierra Nevada of California.	Lilliput Glacier	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ali Shahr (Persian: عالي شهر‎, also Romanized as ʿAlī Shahr; also known as ʿAlīshahr) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bushehr County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Ali Shahr	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	USU Credit Union is a division of Goldenwest Credit Union, a federally chartered credit union based in Ogden, Utah, regulated under the authority of the NCUA.	USU Credit Union	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tiger Ranch Cat Sanctuary was a 27-acre (110,000 m2) cat sanctuary located in Frazer Township, Pennsylvania and operated by Linda Marie Bruno (aka Lin Marie) for 14 years.	Tiger Ranch Cat Sanctuary	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Godman Army Airfield (IATA: FTK, ICAO: KFTK, FAA LID: FTK) is a military airport located on the Fort Knox United States Army post in Hardin County, Kentucky, United States.	Godman Army Airfield	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Foinikaria (Greek: Φοινικαρια) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus, located east of the Germasogeia Dam.	Foinikaria	Limassol District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muirkirk (Eaglais an t-Sléibh in Gaelic) is a small village in East Ayrshire, southwest Scotland.	Muirkirk	East Ayrshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ytterby (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈʏtːərˌbyː)) is a village on the Swedish island of Resarö, in Vaxholm Municipality in the Stockholm archipelago.	Ytterby	Vaxholm Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masłowo-Warszewo (maˈswɔvɔ varˈʂɛvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Rawicz, within Rawicz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Masłowo-Warszewo	Gmina Rawicz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Abbey of Sainte-Marie-des-Dames (French: Abbaye aux Dames de Saintes) was the first Benedictine abbey for women in Saintes in Charente-Maritime in France.	Sainte-Marie-des-Dames	Saintes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southlands Boulevarde is a shopping centre located in Willetton, Western Australia, along Pinetree Gully Road and facing Willetton Senior High School.	Southlands Boulevarde	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Macreddin (Irish: Maigh Chríodáin, meaning ``plain of Cridan''; formerly also Moycreedin; formerly officially Carysfort, also Cariesfort), is a hamlet in County Wicklow, in the southern foothills of the Wicklow Mountains, 4 km north of Aughrim on the back road to Greenan.	Macreddin	County Wicklow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carpenters Workshop Gallery is a contemporary art and design gallery with branches in London, Paris and New York.	Carpenters Workshop Gallery	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agrico Chemical Co. is a Superfund site located in Pensacola, Florida.	Agrico Chemical Co.	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Storth is a village near Arnside in Cumbria, England, situated near the border with Lancashire.	Storth	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blaenffos is a small village of around 200 inhabitants in the north of Pembrokeshire, Wales, in the community of Boncath.	Blaenffos	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Independence Plaza is a highrise office building located in downtown Midland, Texas.	Independence Plaza	Midland	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dali Chu (Persian: داليچو‎, also Romanized as Dālī Chū and Dalīchoo; also known as Dā’ī Chū and Dālūchū) is a village in Mehraban-e Sofla Rural District, Gol Tappeh District, Kabudarahang County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Dali Chu	Mehraban-e Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kikin Hall (Кикины палаты) is one of the oldest buildings in Saint Petersburg, Russia.	Kikin Hall	Saint Petersburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fontignano is a frazione of the comune of Perugia, Italy, located near Lake Trasimeno.	Fontignano	Perugia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aland Rural District (Persian: دهستان الند‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Safayyeh District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aland Rural District	Safayyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spring Hill Church, also known as Old Spring Hill and St. Paul's Episcopal Church, was a historic Episcopal church located at Hebron, Wicomico County, Maryland.	Spring Hill Church	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nockebybron (Nockeby bridge) is a 450 meter long swing bridge in Lake Mälaren between Kärsön in the Ekerö Municipality and Nockeby in Bromma, Stockholm.	Nockebybron	Ekerö Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonari (Persian: بناري‎, also Romanized as Bonārī) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Bonari	Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Damanjan (Persian: دامن جان‎, also Romanized as Dāmanjān and Dāmenjān; also known as Damanyan and Dāmjān) is a village in Firuzeh Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzeh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Damanjan	Firuzeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morad Ali Kandi (Persian: مرادعلي كندي‎, also Romanized as Morād ``Alī Kandī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 118, in 25 families.	Morad Ali Kandi	Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	One Columbus Center is a 366ft (112m) tall skyscraper located at 10 West Broad Street in Columbus, Ohio.	One Columbus Center	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cimowo (t͡ɕiˈmɔvɔ) (German: Winterau; until 1929: Zymowo) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Cimowo	Gmina Mikołajki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berestyany (Ukrainian: Берестяни, Polish: Brześciany) is a village (selo) in Sambir Raion, Lviv Oblast, in south-west Ukraine.	Berestyany	Sambir Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	David Leedom Farm, also known as ``Pleasant Retreat,'' is a historic home and farm located at Newtown Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania.	David Leedom Farm	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carleton Rode is a village (population 785) in Norfolk, England, situated approximately five miles south-east of Attleborough.	Carleton Rode	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Poncione Rosso is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, located in the Swiss canton of Ticino.	Poncione Rosso	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rainey Memorial Gates is a historic entrance gate located at the north side of the New York Zoological Park in The Bronx, New York, New York.	Rainey Memorial Gates	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brooklyn College Academy is a high school located in Brooklyn, New York City, New York in the New York City Department of Education.	Brooklyn College Academy	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dudhwa Khara is a village in Churu district in Rajasthan, in northwest India, situated in the Thar Desert and 36 km north from Churu.	Dudhwa Khara	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elmshorn station is a railway station in Elmshorn in Schleswig-Holstein.	Elmshorn station	Schleswig-Holstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pontarlier (French: (pɔ̃.taʁ.lje) ; Latin: Ariolica) is a commune and one of the two sub-prefectures of the Doubs department in the Franche-Comté region near the Swiss border in eastern France.	Pontarlier	Doubs
located in the administrative territorial entity	Her Majesty's Theatre is a West End theatre situated on Haymarket in the City of Westminster, London.	Her Majesty's Theatre	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Royal Bank Plaza in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, is the de facto headquarters of the Royal Bank of Canada.	Royal Bank Plaza	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Slocan Lake is a lake in the Slocan Valley of the West Kootenay region of the Southeastern Interior of British Columbia, Canada.	Slocan Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Vernon Nazarene University (MVNU) is a private Christian liberal arts college located in Mount Vernon, Ohio, with satellite locations in the surrounding area.	Mount Vernon Nazarene University	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Willibrord's Abbey (Dutch: Sint-Willibrordsabdij) at Doetinchem in Gelderland is the most recently established Benedictine monastery in the Netherlands.	St. Willibrord's Abbey	Doetinchem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bodney is a village in Norfolk, England, recorded in the Domesday Book as Bredenaia.	Bodney	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarjam Rural District (Persian: دهستان سرجام‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Ahmadabad District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sarjam Rural District	Ahmadabad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	William Ellis School is a United Kingdom secondary comprehensive school for boys in Highgate, London.	William Ellis School	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ponciau ward has one of the largest populations (4,486) of Wrexham County Borough.	Ponciau	Wrexham County Borough
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Flagler County Courthouse is an historic two-story redbrick courthouse building located at 200 East Moody Boulevard in Bunnell, Florida.	Old Flagler County Courthouse	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheyenne Regional Airport (IATA: CYS, ICAO: KCYS, FAA LID: CYS) (Jerry Olson Field) is a civil-military airport a mile north of downtown Cheyenne, in Laramie County, Wyoming.	Cheyenne Regional Airport	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barnisławice (barniswaˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Balbitzow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golczewo, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Barnisławice	Gmina Golczewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lenishte (Bulgarian: Ленище) is a village in Ardino Municipality, Kardzhali Province, southern-central Bulgaria.	Lenishte	Ardino Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wężownica (vɛ̃ʐɔvˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański, within Nowy Dwór Gdański County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wężownica	Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański
located in the administrative territorial entity	Granya is a town in northeastern Victoria, Australia on the Murray arm of Lake Hume in the Towong Shire local government area, 378 kilometres (235 mi) northwest of the state capital, Melbourne.	Granya	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Martadi is a town and seat of Bajura District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal.	Martadi	Bajura District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ocean Ridge Airport (FAA LID: E55, formerly Q69) is a privately owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) north of the central business district of Gualala, in Mendocino County, California, United States.	Ocean Ridge Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rhu (Gaelic: An Rubha) is a village and historic parish on the east shore of the Gare Loch in Argyll and Bute, Scotland.	Rhu	Argyll and Bute
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gogunda is a small town and tehsil headquarters located about 35 km in north-west from Udaipur in the Indian state of Rajasthan.	Gogunda	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pinebank Mansion was a Queen Anne-style house sited on a hill overlooking Jamaica Pond in Boston, Massachusetts.	Pinebank Mansion	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Michoacán, formally Michoacán de Ocampo (Spanish pronunciation: (mitʃoaˈkan de oˈkampo)), officially Free and Sovereign State of Michoacán de Ocampo (Spanish: Estado Libre y Soberano de Michoacán de Ocampo), is one of the 31 states which, with the Federal District, comprise the 32 Federal Entities of Mexico.	Michoacán	Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bas-Saint-Laurent (Lower Saint-Lawrence) region is located along the south shore of the lower Saint Lawrence River in Quebec.	Bas-Saint-Laurent	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hillforest Mansion, also known as Thomas Gaff House, is located at 213 Fifth Street, in Aurora, Indiana.	Hillforest	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Linganapalle (also 'Lingana Palli; Telugu: లింగనపల్లె) is a village in the state of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Linganapalle	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kehdolan (Persian: كهدلان‎, also Romanized as Kehdolān) is a village in Sharabian Rural District, Mehraban District, Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kehdolan	Sharabian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bear Garden Mountain is a forested mountain ridge of the Ridge-and-valley Appalachians in Hampshire County, West Virginia and Frederick County, Virginia.	Bear Garden Mountain	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arans (Catalan pronunciation: (əˈɾans), locally: (aˈɾans)) is a village in Andorra, located in the parish of Ordino in the north of the country.	Arans	Ordino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boccadasse (Bocadâze in Genoese) is an old mariners' neighbourhood of the Italian city of Genoa.	Boccadasse	Genoa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Montgeoffroy is an 18th-century manor house located in the commune of Mazé (Maine-et-Loire), France.	Château de Montgeoffroy	Mazé
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Geneva Observatory (French: Observatoire de Genève, German: Observatorium von Genf) is an astronomical observatory at Sauverny (CH) in the municipality of Versoix, Canton of Geneva, in Switzerland.	Geneva Observatory	Versoix	Canton of Geneva
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ur (Sumerian: Urim; Sumerian Cuneiform: 𒋀𒀕𒆠 URIM2KI or 𒋀𒀊𒆠 URIM5KI; Akkadian: Uru; Arabic: أور‎) was an important Sumerian city-state in ancient Mesopotamia, located at the site of modern Tell el-Muqayyar (Arabic: تل المقير‎) in south Iraq's Dhi Qar Governorate.	Ur	Dhi Qar Governorate
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blind Beggar is a pub on Whitechapel Road, Whitechapel in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets.	The Blind Beggar	London Borough of Tower Hamlets
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Amphithéâtre Anglais in Paris, also known as the Amphithéâtre d'Astley, was opened in 1782 by Philip Astley as the first purpose-built circus in France.	Amphithéâtre Anglais	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kręcka Winnica (ˈkrɛnt͡ska vinˈnit͡sa) (German: Winitze) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zbąszynek, within Świebodzin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Kręcka Winnica	Gmina Zbąszynek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emma Long Metropolitan Park is a large municipal park in northwest Austin, Texas (United States).	Emma Long Metropolitan Park	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cliff Bell's is a jazz club in Detroit, Michigan which is located at 2030 Park Ave. It originally opened in 1935, and it is named after John Clifford Bell, an entrepreneur in Detroit in the 1930s.	Cliff Bell's	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Village Links of Glen Ellyn is a public golf course located in Glen Ellyn, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago.	Village Links of Glen Ellyn	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The old Allegheny County Jail in downtown Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania is part of a complex (along with the Allegheny County Courthouse) designed by H. H. Richardson.	Allegheny County Jail	Pittsburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maxstoke is a hamlet in the North Warwickshire district of the county of Warwickshire, England.	Maxstoke	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The City of Randwick is a local government area in the eastern suburbs of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	City of Randwick	Sydney	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lower Salmon Falls are the lowest of a series of falls on the Snake River, about 5 miles downstream from Upper Salmon Falls, in between Gooding County and Twin Falls County, Idaho.	Lower Salmon Falls	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stikine-LeConte Wilderness is on the mainland of southeast Alaska, southeast of Petersburg and north of Wrangell, Alaska.	Stikine-LeConte Wilderness	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzezinów (bʐɛˈʑinuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tłuszcz, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Brzezinów	Gmina Tłuszcz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bukvica (Serbian Cyrillic: Буквица) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bukvica	Kalinovik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Proszkowo (prɔʂˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szreńsk, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Proszkowo	Gmina Szreńsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estadio Juan Demóstenes Arosemena is a 25,000 seats baseball field in Panama City, Panama.	Estadio Juan Demóstenes Arosemena	Panama City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piperhill is a village, located four miles south of Nairn in Nairnshire, Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.	Piperhill	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Potteries Museum & Art Gallery is in Hanley, one of the six towns of Stoke-on-Trent in Staffordshire.	Potteries Museum & Art Gallery	Hanley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balquhidder (i/bælkˈhwɪdər/; Scottish Gaelic: Both Chuidir or Both Phuidir (ˌpɔˈxutʲɪɾʲ)) is a small village in the Stirling council area of Scotland.	Balquhidder	Stirling
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yanahuanca District is one of eight districts of the Daniel Alcides Carrión Province in the mountains of central Peru.	Yanahuanca District	Daniel Alcides Carrión Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bęczkowice (bɛnt͡ʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęki Szlacheckie, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Bęczkowice	Gmina Łęki Szlacheckie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liberty Reservoir is a reservoir west of Baltimore, Maryland; about a mile north of Patapsco Valley State Park's McKeldin area.	Liberty Reservoir	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Al's Motors is a historic automobile dealership building located in the Ballston neighborhood of Arlington, Virginia.	Al's Motors	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stary Przylep (ˈstarɨ ˈpʂɨlɛp) (German: Alt Prilipp) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warnice, within Pyrzyce County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Stary Przylep	Gmina Warnice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Starosiedlice (starɔɕɛdˈlit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłża, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Starosiedlice	Gmina Iłża
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lobb House is a private single-family house located at 203 West Onota Street in Munising, Michigan.	Lobb House	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudziska Pasymskie (ruˈd͡ʑiska paˈsɨmskʲɛ) (German: Waldheim) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasym, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rudziska Pasymskie	Gmina Pasym
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cesária Évora Airport (Portuguese Aeroporto Internacional Cesária Évora) (IATA: VXE, ICAO: GVSV) is Cape Verde's third most-used airport located in the island of São Vicente, located nearly 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) from the centre of Mindelo.	Cesária Évora Airport	São Vicente
located in the administrative territorial entity	Löhnberg is a community north of Weilburg in Limburg-Weilburg district in Hesse, Germany.	Löhnberg	Limburg-Weilburg	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	KPUG (1170 AM) is a sports radio station located and licensed in Bellingham, Washington, transmitting from an antenna located off Sunset Drive.	KPUG	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarnaveh-ye Sofla (Persian: قرناوه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Qarnāveh-ye Soflá; also known as Qarnāveh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Golidagh Rural District, Golidagh District, Maraveh Tappeh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Qarnaveh-ye Sofla	Golidagh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sharaf Bag (Persian: شرفبگ‎‎, also known as Chīābol) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District, Bayravand District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sharaf Bag	Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vellore district is one of the 32 districts in the Tamil Nadu state of India.It is one of the 6 districts which form Tiruvannamalai region of Tamil Nadu.It is one of the biggest district in Tamil Nadu.	Vellore district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirocin Górny (miˈrɔt͡ɕin ˈɡurnɨ) (formerly German Ober Herzogswaldau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kożuchów, within Nowa Sól County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Mirocin Górny	Gmina Kożuchów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wendell Phillips Academy High School is a public 4--year high school located in the Bronzeville neighborhood on the south side of Chicago, Illinois, United States.	Wendell Phillips Academy High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ellen Eccles Theatre was built in 1923 on Logan, Utah's Main Street.	Ellen Eccles Theatre	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rhodes Pharmacy is a historic pharmacy building located at Newark in New Castle County, Delaware.	Rhodes Pharmacy	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	WIUW (89.5 FM) is a 10,600 watt radio station in Warsaw, Illinois, in western Illinois.	WIUW	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ford Administration Building is a historic school located at Peekskill, Westchester County, New York.	Ford Administration Building	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Place de Wagram is a square in the 17th arrondissement of Paris, at the junction of Boulevard Malesherbes, Boulevard Pereire and Avenue de Wagram.	Place de Wagram	17th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Billups Neon Crossing Signal was a prototypical grade crossing signal installed at a dangerous Illinois Central crossing on Mississippi Highway 7 (now Mississippi Highway 332) in Grenada, Mississippi.	Billups Neon Crossing Signal	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Francisco Art Institute (SFAI) is a school of higher education in contemporary art with the main campus in the Russian Hill district of San Francisco, California.	San Francisco Art Institute	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aneby Municipality (Aneby kommun) is a municipality in Jönköping County in southern Sweden, where the town Aneby is the seat.	Aneby Municipality	Jönköping County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pine Island State Forest is a Minnesota state forest located primarily in Koochiching County, although portions extend into Beltrami, Lake of the Woods, and Itasca counties.	Pine Island State Forest	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parishwad is a village in Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka, India.	Parishwad	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sulphur Passage Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located in the central part of the Clayoquot Sound region of the West Coast of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada.	Sulphur Passage Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Virgin Mountains are a smaller mountain range of the eastern Mojave Desert, in Clark County, southeastern Nevada.	South Virgin Mountains	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shannondale Springs Wildlife Management Area is located near Charles Town, West Virginia in Jefferson County.	Shannondale Springs Wildlife Management Area	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	TPC Potomac at Avenel Farm (formerly TPC Avenel) is a private golf club in Potomac, Maryland.	TPC Potomac at Avenel Farm	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	ChangePoint is a non-denominational Christian church in Anchorage Alaska in the USA.	ChangePoint	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bathealton is a village and civil parish in Somerset, England, situated 3 miles (4.8 km) west of Wellington and 8 miles (12.9 km) west of Taunton in the Taunton Deane district.	Bathealton	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Olean Public Library is a historic beaux arts library located at 116 S. Union St. in Olean, Cattaraugus County, New York.	Olean Public Library	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chellanam is a village in the Kochi sub-district of Ernakulam District in the South Indian state of Kerala.	Chellanam	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Governor Henry Lippitt House is a historic house museum at 199 Hope Street on the East Side of Providence, Rhode Island.	Governor Henry Lippitt House	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Telegrafberget, Tyresö has the highest point in Tyresö Municipality, Sweden, 84 m (276 ft) above sea level.	Telegrafberget, Tyresö	Tyresö Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edward F Johnson Airport (FAA LID: M61) is a private-owned public-use airport located ten miles south of the central business district of Ishpeming, a city in Marquette County, Michigan, United States.	Edward F Johnson Airport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	WEOA 1400 is an AM frequency licensed to and serving the Evansville, Indiana market.	WEOA	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Armour Square Park, also known as Armour Square or Park No. 3, is a park in Chicago, Illinois featuring Beaux Arts architecture, designed by D.H. Burnham and the Olmsted Brothers.	Armour Square Park	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kent Institution is a Correctional Service of Canada (CSC) facility located in Agassiz, British Columbia.	Kent Institution	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodburn Circle, also known as W.V.U. Quadrangle, is part of the downtown campus of West Virginia University; it's located at Morgantown, Monongalia County, West Virginia.	Woodburn Circle	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krężce (ˈkrɛ̃ʂt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maków, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Krężce	Gmina Maków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bałdoń (ˈbau̯dɔɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godziesze Wielkie in Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Bałdoń	Gmina Godziesze Wielkie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Las Jaworski (ˈlas jaˈvɔrski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Las Jaworski	Gmina Wierzbno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bazar Deh (Persian: بازارده‎, also Romanized as Bāzār Deh) is a village in Lafmejan Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bazar Deh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarrywile Park is a large municipal park in the city of Danbury, Connecticut.	Tarrywile Park	Danbury
located in the administrative territorial entity	Putao Township (Burmese: ပူတာအိုမြို့နယ်) is a township of Putao District in the Kachin State of Burma.	Putao Township	Putao District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warmwell is a small village and civil parish in south west Dorset, England, situated on the B3390 road about 5 miles (8.0 km) southeast of Dorchester.	Warmwell	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aitona is a town in the comarca of Segrià in Catalonia, Spain.	Aitona	Segrià
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neely Henry Lake is located on the Coosa River near Gadsden, Alabama.	Neely Henry Lake	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dr. James W. Hale House, also known as the Hale-Pendleton House, ``Temple Knob,'' and ``Temple Hill,'' is a historic home located at Princeton, Mercer County, West Virginia.	Dr. James W. Hale House	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heston Aerodrome was a 1930s airfield located to the west of London, UK, operational between 1929 and 1947.	Heston Aerodrome	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Churteh (Persian: چورته‎, also Romanized as Chūrteh; also known as Choorti, Chortī, and Chūrdeh) is a village in Jennat Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Churteh	Jennat Rudbar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalachpa (Persian: كلاچ پا‎, also Romanized as Kalāchpā; also known as Kalāj Pā) is a village in Baladeh Rural District, Khorramabad District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kalachpa	Baladeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anar Rud Borzog (Persian: اناررودبزرگ‎, also Romanized as Anār Rūd Borzog; also known as Anār Rūd and Anārūd) is a village in Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Anar Rud Borzog	Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Iona Gaels are the athletics teams of Iona College, in New Rochelle, New York.	Iona Gaels	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalalun (Persian: دلالون‎, also Romanized as Dalālūn; also known as Dalālan, Delālān, and Delālon) is a village in Tiab Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Dalalun	Tiab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bourtange (Dutch pronunciation: (ˌbuːrˈtɑŋə); Gronings: Boertang) is a village with a population of 430 in the municipality of Vlagtwedde in the Netherlands.	Bourtange	Vlagtwedde
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarhalat (Persian: سرهلت‎‎, also Romanized as Sarḩalat and Sarḩallat) is a village in Koregah-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sarhalat	Koregah-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamieskroon is a small town in the Kamiesberg Local Municipality, lying in the foothills of the Kamiesberge at an elevation of approximately 800 m (2 600 ft).	Kamieskroon	Kamiesberg Local Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khavar-e Seyyed Khalaf (Persian: خاورسيدخلف‎, also Romanized as Khāvar-e Seyyed Khalaf; also known as Khāvar) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Khavar-e Seyyed Khalaf	Anaqcheh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Willard Bay is a man-made fresh water reservoir in the Great Salt Lake, in northern Utah.	Willard Bay	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morningside Gardens refers to a private housing cooperative called Morningside Heights Housing Corporation (MHHC) in the borough of Manhattan, New York City.	Morningside Gardens	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Aurora is a freshwater lake located in eastern Polk County, Florida.	Lake Aurora	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tazehabad-e Serias (Persian: تازه ابادسرياس‎, also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Serīās) is a village in Mansur-e Aqai Rural District, Shahu District, Ravansar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Tazehabad-e Serias	Mansur-e Aqai Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahar Gol Ali Mohammad (Persian: چهارگل علي محمد‎, also Romanized as Chahār Gol ʿAlī Moḩammad) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District, Babol Kenar District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Chahar Gol Ali Mohammad	Deraz Kola Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pwintbyu Township (Burmese: ပွင့်ဖြူ မြို့နယ်) is a township of Minbu District in the Magway Division of Myanmar.	Pwintbyu Township	Minbu District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilroads Gardens Airport or Wilroads Garden Airport (FAA LID: 9K1) is a public use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) southeast of the central business district of Dodge City, in Ford County, Kansas, United States.	Wilroads Gardens Airport	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	WTLI is a non-commercial, contemporary Christian FM radio station licensed to broadcast from Bear Creek Township and Boyne City, Michigan.	WTLI	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Izdebki-Wąsy (izˈdɛpki ˈvɔ̃sɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Izdebki-Wąsy	Gmina Zbuczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Am Rothenbaum is the site of the main tennis court of the Hamburg Masters tournament, played in the Rotherbaum quarter of Hamburg, Germany.	Am Rothenbaum	Hamburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pliszczyn (ˈpliʂt͡ʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wólka, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Pliszczyn	Gmina Wólka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alamgirpur (Hindi: अलाम्गिरपुर) is an archaeological site of the Indus Valley Civilization that thrived along Yamuna River (c. 3300--1300 BC) from the Harappan-Bara period, located in Meerut district, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Alamgirpur	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alangayam is a Town Panchayat in Vellore district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Alangayam	Vellore district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wielodróż (vjɛˈlɔdruʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przasnysz, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wielodróż	Gmina Przasnysz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Calgary Underground Film Festival (CUFF) is a film festival held annually in Calgary, Alberta, Canada for 7 days.	Calgary Underground Film Festival	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Heritage Park Plaza, also known as Heritage Plaza or Heritage Park Overlook or Upper Heritage Park, in Fort Worth, Texas is a Modernist style park that was designed by Lawrence Halprin.	Heritage Park Plaza	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anarom (Persian: انارم‎, also Romanized as Anārom; also known as Anārūm) is a village in Rastupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Anarom	Rastupey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balıkesir Province (Turkish: Balıkesir ili) is a province in northwestern Turkey, having coastlines on both the Sea of Marmara and the Aegean.	Balıkesir Province	Turkey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Legana is a small township on the Tamar River in northern Tasmania, Australia.	Legana	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zrębin (ˈzrɛmbin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połaniec, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Zrębin	Gmina Połaniec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wabano River flows from north to south, in the Laurentian mountains in the territory of La Tuque, in Mauricie, the province of Quebec, in Canada.	Wabano River	La Tuque
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mull (Gaelic: Muile pronounced (ˈmulʲə)) is the second largest island of the Inner Hebrides (after Skye), off the west coast of Scotland in the council area of Argyll and Bute.	Mull	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oman Arena (originally Jackson Coliseum) is a 5,600-seat multi-purpose arena, in Jackson, Tennessee, USA.	Oman Arena	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammad Qasemi (Persian: محمدقاسمي‎, also Romanized as Moḩammad Qāsemī; also known as Mohammad Ghasem) is a village in Bala Deh Rural District, Beyram District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Mohammad Qasemi	Bala Deh Rural District	Fars Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vilkij District (Persian: بخش ویلکیج‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Namin County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Vilkij District	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khatab-e Sofla (Persian: خطب سفلي‎, also Romanized as Khaţab-e Soflá; also known as Khaţab) is a village in Quri Chay-ye Gharbi Rural District, Saraju District, Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khatab-e Sofla	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cemitério de São João Batista (Saint John the Baptist's Cemetery) is a municipal necropolis originally owned and operated by the Santa Casa da Misericórdia do Rio de Janeiro (Holy House of Mercy of Rio de Janeiro), and run, since August 2014, by the private company Rio Pax.	Cemitério de São João Batista	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	The First American Cave is an archaeological and palentological site in downtown Nashville, Davidson County, Tennessee.	First American Cave	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Enfield Dam, also known as the Stanford Dam, is a hydroelectric dam on the Penobscot River just above its confluence with the Piscataquis River between the towns of Enfield and Howland in Penobscot County, Maine.	West Enfield Dam	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pełnatycze (pɛu̯naˈtɨt͡ʂɛ) (Ukrainian: Повнатичі, Povnatychi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zarzecze, within Przeworsk County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Pełnatycze	Gmina Zarzecze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raniewo (raˈɲevɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prabuty, within Kwidzyn County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Raniewo	Gmina Prabuty
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hale House-Patterson Hotel is a historic building located near the town square in Watertown, Tennessee that was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997 .	Hale House-Patterson Hotel	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bamnera is a medium size village located in Sumerpur of Pali district, Rajasthan with total 203 families residing.	Bamnera	Pali district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charkas (Persian: چركس‎) is a village in Gavrud Rural District, in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Charkas	Gavrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Muttenstock is a mountain in the Glarus Alps, located on the border between the cantons of Glarus and Graubünden.	Muttenstock	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Union Catholic Regional High School is a private accredited high school located in Scotch Plains, New Jersey.	Union Catholic Regional High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Xilin River (Chinese: 锡林) of Inner Mongolia, China, is located in the middle latitudes.	Xilin River	Inner Mongolia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varzardab Bid (Persian: ورزرداب بيد‎, also Romanized as Varzardāb Bīd) is a village in Sadat Rural District, in the Central District of Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Varzardab Bid	Sadat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Murphy Oil USA refinery spill is a spill that resulted from the failure of a storage tank at the Murphy Oil USA refinery and spoiled the flood-waters following the levee breaks of Hurricane Katrina in residential areas of Chalmette- and Meraux, Louisiana.	Murphy Oil USA refinery spill	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzyżany (kʂɨˈʐanɨ) (German: Krzysahnen; 1927-45: Steinwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryn, within Giżycko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Krzyżany	Gmina Ryn
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mayflower Curling Club, which was founded in 1905, since 1962 has been located at 3000 Monaghan Drive in Nova Scotia's Halifax Regional Municipality in Halifax.	Mayflower Curling Club	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estadio Cristóbal Labra opened in the 1940s as Municipal Stadium, in Nueva Gerona on the Isla de la Juventud.	Estadio Cristóbal Labra	Nueva Gerona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Punta Borinquen Light (Faro de Punta Borinquen) is a lighthouse located in the old Ramey Air Force Base in Aguadilla, Puerto Rico.	Punta Borinquen Light	Puerto Rico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brożówka (brɔˈʐufka) (German Gansenstein) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kruklanki, within Giżycko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Brożówka	Gmina Kruklanki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Okefenokee Swamp is a shallow, 438,000-acre (1,770 km2), peat-filled wetland straddling the Georgia--	Okefenokee Swamp	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qulteh (Persian: قولته‎, also Romanized as Qūlteh; also known as Qalteh) is a village in Bask-e Kuleseh Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qulteh	Bask-e Kuleseh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burgoyne Bay Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada located on southwestern Saltspring Island near Fulford Harbour and facing northwest to Sansum Narrows, which is the channel between Saltspring and Vancouver Island.	Burgoyne Bay Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Judge Building is a ten story edifice located at 110 Fifth Avenue (Manhattan) and 16th Street.	Judge Building	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kachusk (Persian: كچوسك‎, also Romanized as Kachūsk) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District, Gafr and Parmon District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kachusk	Gafr and Parmon Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorenice (ɡɔrɛˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olkusz, within Olkusz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Gorenice	Gmina Olkusz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The College at Southwestern is the fully accredited baccalaureate school at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary in Fort Worth, Texas, United States.	The College at Southwestern	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bar Avard Shodeh (Persian: براوردشده‎, also Romanized as Bar Āvard Shodeh) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bar Avard Shodeh	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Almeh Rural District (Persian: دهستان آلمه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Samalqan District, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Almeh Rural District	Samalqan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kessler Apartments in Kansas City, Missouri were built in 1925.	Kessler Apartments	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Posht-e Taqehai Chahar Bisheh (Persian: پشت طاقهاي چهاربيشه‎, also Romanized as Posht-e Tāqehāī Chahār Bīsheh) is a village in Jastun Shah Rural District, Hati District, Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Posht-e Taqehai Chahar Bisheh	Jastun Shah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Maerua Mall is a shopping complex in Windhoek, Namibia.	Maerua Mall	Windhoek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guardamiglio is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Lodi in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) southeast of Milan, about 25 kilometres (16 mi) southeast of Lodi, and 15 kilometres (9 mi) north of Piacenza.	Guardamiglio	Province of Lodi
located in the administrative territorial entity	VIT High School, or VHS, is a public four-year high school located at 1500 U.S. Hwy. 136 East near Table Grove, Illinois, a village in Fulton County, Illinois, in the Midwestern United States.	VIT High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kazlak (Persian: كذلك‎, also Romanized as Kaz̄lak; also known as Gaznak) is a village in Kuhpayeh-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Abyek County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Kazlak	Kuhpayeh-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belmore Park is a public park at the southern end of the Sydney CBD in the Australian state of New South Wales.	Belmore Park	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pinal Airpark (IATA: MZJ, ICAO: KMZJ, FAA LID: MZJ) is a county-owned, public-use airport located seven nautical miles (13 km) northwest of the central business district of Marana, in Pinal County, Arizona, United States.	Pinal Airpark	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaminade University of Honolulu is a private co-educational university in Honolulu, Hawaii, United States.	Chaminade University of Honolulu	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beaverhead Rock, also known as Point of Rocks, is a rock formation in Montana.	Beaverhead Rock	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tualatin Valley is a farming and suburban region southwest of Portland, Oregon in the United States.	Tualatin Valley	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yanshui District (Chinese: 鹽水區; pinyin: Yánshuǐ Qū; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Kiâm-chúi-khu; literally: ``salt-water town'') is a district in Tainan, Taiwan, which is famous for its notoriously dangerous fireworks festival.	Yanshui District	Tainan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harzhis (Armenian: Հարժիս, also Romanized as Harjis), is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Harzhis	Syunik Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Seligman Commercial Historic District is a historic district in central Seligman, Yavapai County, northwestern Arizona.	Seligman Commercial Historic District	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wanluan Township (Chinese: 萬巒鄉; pinyin: Wànluán Xiāng) is a rural township in Pingtung County, Taiwan.	Wanluan	Pingtung County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ustyluh (Ukrainian: Устилуг, Polish: Uściług, Yiddish: אוסטילע) is a town in Volodymyr-Volynskyi Raion, Volyn Oblast, Ukraine.	Ustyluh	Volodymyr-Volynskyi Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gurindji strike (or Wave Hill Walk-Off) was a walk-off and strike by 200 Gurindji stockmen, house servants and their families in August 1966 at Wave Hill cattle station in Kalkarindji (formerly known as Wave Hill), Northern Territory.	Gurindji strike	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Auchbreck (Scottish Gaelic: An t-Achadh Breac) is a village in Moray, Scotland.	Auchbreck	Moray
located in the administrative territorial entity	The MTS Iceplex and Hockey Canada Centre of Excellence is an ice hockey facility located in Winnipeg, Manitoba.	MTS Iceplex	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamunting (Malay pronunciation: /Kemunting/) is the biggest satellite town in Taiping's Larut, Matang dan Selama district, Perak, Malaysia.	Kamunting	Perak
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kokhanok Airport (IATA: KNK, ICAO: PFKK, FAA LID: 9K2) is a state-owned public-use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) southwest of the central business district of Kokhanok, in the Lake and Peninsula Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Kokhanok Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Browns River Covered Bridge, also called the Westford Covered Bridge, is a covered bridge that crosses Browns River off State Route 128 in Westford, Vermont.	Browns River Covered Bridge	Westford, Vermont
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fischelbach is a town subdivision of Bad Laasphe in the Siegen-Wittgenstein district in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany with 850 inhabitants.	Fischelbach	Bad Laasphe
located in the administrative territorial entity	KTRS-FM is a Top 40 (CHR) radio station in Casper, Wyoming branded as 104.7 Kiss FM owned by Townsquare Media.	KTRS-FM	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pismo State Beach is a beach on the Pacific coast of California.	Pismo State Beach	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madar-e-Soleyman Rural District (Persian: Dehestān e Mādar e Soleymān -- دهستان مادر سليمان‎‎) is a rural district in Hakhamanish District, Pasargad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Madar-e-Soleyman Rural District	Hakhamanish District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lady Evelyn River is a river in Nipissing, Sudbury and Timiskaming Districts, Ontario, Canada.	Lady Evelyn River	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Union Plaza is a skyscraper in northwest Oklahoma City's business district.	Union Plaza	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarhangabad (Persian: سرهنگ آباد‎, also Romanized as Sarhangābād; also known as Sarangābād, Sarhangcheh, and Saringābād) is a village in Sofla Rural District, Zavareh District, Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Sarhangabad	Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuźnica Wąsowska (kuʑˈnit͡sa vɔ̃ˈsɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniecpol, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Kuźnica Wąsowska	Gmina Koniecpol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Security Bank Ballpark (formerly First American Bank Ballpark and Citibank Ballpark) is a ballpark in Midland, Texas.	Security Bank Ballpark	Midland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zamin Bon (Persian: زمين بن‎, also Romanized as Zamīn Bon) is a village in Baladeh Rural District, Khorramabad District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Zamin Bon	Baladeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rówek (ˈruvɛk) (German: Rowe) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rówek	Gmina Ustka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grabowe Pole (ɡraˈbɔvɛ ˈpɔlɛ) (German: Grebinerfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchy Dąb, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Grabowe Pole	Gmina Suchy Dąb
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Richard Sparrow House is a historic house at 42 Summer Street in Plymouth, Massachusetts and the oldest surviving house in Plymouth.	Richard Sparrow House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shenayez (Persian: شنايز‎, also Romanized as Shenāyez; also known as Shenā’ez and Shenā’īz) is a village in Mahmeleh Rural District, Mahmeleh District, Khonj County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shenayez	Mahmeleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nizhnekamsky District (Russian: Нижнека́мский райо́н; Tatar Cyrillic: Түбән Кама районы, Latin: Tübən Kama rayonı) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the forty-three in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia.	Nizhnekamsky District	Republic of Tatarstan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naylor Gardens is a small neighborhood located in southeast Washington, D.C. It is bounded by Alabama Avenue SE, 30th Street SE, Erie Street SE, 32nd Street SE, Gainesville Street SE, 31st Street SE, and Naylor Road SE.	Naylor Gardens	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	The River Alde is a river in Suffolk, England passing by Snape and Aldeburgh.	River Alde	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Anthony Cathedral Basilica in Beaumont, Texas is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Beaumont.	Saint Anthony Cathedral Basilica	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karaçoban, (Kurdish: Qereçoban), is a town and district of Erzurum Province in the Eastern Anatolia region of Turkey.	Karaçoban	Erzurum Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Washington State Park is a Missouri state park in the central eastern part of the state located on Highway 21 about 14 miles (23 km) northeast of Potosi on the eastern edge of the Ozarks.	Washington State Park	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamdollahabad (Persian: حمداله اباد‎, also Romanized as Ḩamdollāhābād) is a village in Savalan Rural District, in the Central District of Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Hamdollahabad	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krugłe (ˈkruɡwɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orla, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Krugłe	Gmina Orla
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łopacin (wɔˈpat͡ɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sońsk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Łopacin	Gmina Sońsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Daniel is the highest summit on the Cascade Range crest of Alpine Lakes Wilderness of the central Washington, USA.	Mount Daniel	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czarnolas-Kolonia (t͡ʂarˈnɔlas kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Policzna, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Czarnolas-Kolonia	Gmina Policzna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Robert Treat Paine Estate, known as Stonehurst, is a country house set on 109 acres (44 ha) in Waltham, Massachusetts.	Robert Treat Paine Estate	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Šilalė District Municipality (Lithuanian: Šilalės rajono savivaldybė) is a municipality in Tauragė County, Lithuania.	Šilalė District Municipality	Tauragė County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kidston Island Lighthouse is a lighthouse on Kidston Island, located in the Bras d'Or lakes, in Baddeck, Nova Scotia.	Kidston Island Lighthouse	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	KCEA is a Big Band, Swing and Adult Standards formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Atherton, California, serving the San Francisco Peninsula.	KCEA	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mikulich General Store is a commercial building located at the junction of County Roads 1 and 44 in Limestone Township, Traunik, Michigan.	Mikulich General Store	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qelateh (Persian: قلاته‎, also Romanized as Qelāteh) is a village in Khezel-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kangavar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Qelateh	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eddystone Building is a former hotel located in Midtown Detroit, Michigan at 100-118 Sproat Street.	Eddystone Building	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chałupki Łaziskie (xaˈwupki waˈʑiskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orońsko, within Szydłowiec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Chałupki Łaziskie	Gmina Orońsko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbey St Bathans is a community in Berwickshire in the eastern part of the Scottish Borders.	Abbey St Bathans	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alwoodley is a civil parish and suburb of Leeds in West Yorkshire, England.	Alwoodley	Leeds	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hersey Farms Historic District of Andover, New Hampshire, includes two farmsteads belonging to members of the Hersey family, located on the Franklin Highway (New Hampshire Route 11) in eastern Andover.	Hersey Farms Historic District	Andover
located in the administrative territorial entity	Akkan Wali (also spelled as Akkanwali or Akanwali) is village in the Mansa district of Indian Punjab.	Akkan Wali	Mansa district	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obulareddypeta (or Obul Reddy Peta) is a village in a Chapadu mandal in Kadapa district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Obulareddypeta	Chapadu	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bridegroom's Oak (German: Bräutigamseiche) is an oak tree in the Dodauer Forst forest near Eutin in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Bridegroom's Oak	Schleswig-Holstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baxter State Park is a large wilderness area permanently preserved as a state park, located in Piscataquis County in north-central Maine.	Baxter State Park	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Baranowska (ˈvulka baraˈnɔfska) (German: Bieberstein) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mrągowo, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wólka Baranowska	Gmina Mrągowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Surpala is situated on the lap of Vindhya Ranges in Khargone District of Madhya Pradesh.	Surpala	Madhya Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chapel Point State Park is an undeveloped Maryland state park located on the Port Tobacco River, a tributary of the Potomac, in Charles County.	Chapel Point State Park	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Posht Khan (Persian: پشت خان‎, also Romanized as Posht Khān) is a village in Dalfard Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Posht Khan	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarna (Persian: قارنا‎, also Romanized as Qārnā; also known as Karna and Qārneh) is a village in Beygom Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Naqadeh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qarna	Beygom Qaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Victor Cullen School Power House is a historic power house building located at Sabillasville, Frederick County, Maryland.	Victor Cullen School Power House	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Almiserà (Catalan pronunciation: (aɫmizeˈɾa), Spanish: Almiserat) is a municipality in the comarca of Safor in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Almiserà	Safor
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huta Podłysica (ˈxuta pɔdwɨˈɕit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieliny, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Huta Podłysica	Gmina Bieliny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seibert Stadium is a 6,700-seat multi-purpose stadium in Homewood, Alabama.	Seibert Stadium	Homewood
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cook Blacksmith Shop is a former blacksmith shop in Ponca, Nebraska, United States that today is a museum.	Cook Blacksmith Shop	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Bosowska (ˈvulka bɔˈsɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gnojno, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wólka Bosowska	Gmina Gnojno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Konik (ˈnɔvɨ ˈkɔnik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Halinów, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowy Konik	Gmina Halinów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barczew (ˈbart͡ʂɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Barczew	Gmina Brzeźnio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Panama Canal Museum (Spanish: Museo del Canal Interoceánico de Panamá) is a non-profit and public museum located in Panama City, Panama.	Panama Canal Museum	Panama City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agronomía is a barrio or district in the centre part of Buenos Aires city, Argentina.	Agronomía	Buenos Aires
located in the administrative territorial entity	Molehill Green is geographically located in Essex but its former postal county is Hertfordshire.	Molehill Green	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vriescheloo (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈvrisəˌloʊ̯)) is a village in the municipality of Bellingwedde in the Netherlands.	Vriescheloo	Bellingwedde
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pishgaman (Persian: پيشگمان‎, also Romanized as Pīshgamān; also known as Pamish, Pāynīsh, and Peshgomān) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam-e Jonubi Rural District, Khvoresh Rostam District, Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Pishgaman	Khvoresh Rostam-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bentley Hotel, usually known as the Hotel Bentley, is a classic Renaissance-stylel hotel located near City Hall in downtown Alexandria in central Louisiana.	Bentley Hotel	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shek Kong (Chinese: 石崗; literal meaning ``Rock Hillock'') is an area north of Tai Mo Shan, located near Kam Tin and Pat Heung, New Territories, Hong Kong.	Shek Kong	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Denison Canal is a man made canal located at Dunalley in southern Tasmania, Australia.	Denison Canal	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Søo, also known as the Søa, is a river in the municipality of Hemne in Sør-Trøndelag County, Norway.	Søo	Hemne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Multul (Persian: مولتول‎, also Romanized as Mūltūl) is a village in Farmeshkhan Rural District, in the Central District of Kavar County, Fars Province, Iran.	Multul	Farmeshkhan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garner Field (IATA: UVA, ICAO: KUVA, FAA LID: UVA) is an airport in Uvalde County, Texas, three miles east of the city of Uvalde, which owns it.	Garner Field	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Purandarpur is a village in West Bengal, India, between Suri and Bolpur.	Purandarpur	West Bengal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abdollah Masud-e Olya (Persian: عبداله مسعودعليا‎, also Romanized as ``Abdollāh Mas``ūd-e ``Olyā) is a village in Hesar-e Valiyeasr Rural District, Central District, Avaj County, Qazvin Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 149, in 32 families.	Abdollah Masud-e Olya	Hesar-e Valiyeasr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Snelling, originally known as Fort Saint Anthony, was a military fortification located at the confluence of Minnesota and Mississippi Rivers in Hennepin County, Minnesota.	Fort Snelling	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kanab Municipal Airport (IATA: KNB, ICAO: KKNB, FAA LID: KNB) is in Kane County, Utah, two miles south of the city of Kanab, which owns it.	Kanab Municipal Airport	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lambidou is a rural commune and village in the Cercle of Diéma in the Kayes Region of western Mali.	Lambidou	Kayes Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. James Town (sometimes misspelled St. Jamestown) is a neighbourhood of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	St. James Town	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whittlewood Forest is a former medieval hunting forest in the south of the county of Northamptonshire in England.	Whittlewood Forest	Northamptonshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Citadel Mall, one of the largest shopping malls in the state, is a regional 1,138,527 square feet (105,773 m2) shopping mall located in Charleston, South Carolina, USA.	Citadel Mall	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Talquin is a reservoir located on the Ochlockonee River between Leon County and Gadsden County in north Florida.	Lake Talquin	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Săcele (Romanian pronunciation: (səˈt͡ʃele); German: Siebendörfer; Hungarian: Szecseleváros or Négyfalu) is a city in Braşov County, Romania, in the region of Transylvania, with a population of 29,915 inhabitants in 2002.	Săcele	Braşov County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cotton Exchange of Wilmington, North Carolina is a shopping complex consisting of over eight historical buildings dating back to the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	Cotton Exchange of Wilmington	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żeleźnikowa Wielka (ʐɛlɛʑɲiˈkɔva ˈvʲɛlka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nawojowa, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Żeleźnikowa Wielka	Gmina Nawojowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Starzawa (staˈʐava) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stubno, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Starzawa	Gmina Stubno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marken (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈmɑrkən); Marken's dialect: Mereke) is a village with a population of 1,810 in the municipality of Waterland in the province of North Holland in the Netherlands.	Marken	Waterland
located in the administrative territorial entity	KNSI (1450 AM/103.3 FM) is a commercial radio station based in St. Cloud, Minnesota.	KNSI	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parc du Mont-Comi is an outdoor recreation center situated in St-Donat-de-Rimouski in the Bas-St-Laurent region of Quebec.	Parc du Mont-Comi	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Killoe (Cill Eo in Irish) is a parish in County Longford, Ireland.	Killoe	County Longford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fitzroy Provincial Park is a provincial park on the Ottawa River, Ontario designated as recreational-class by Ontario Parks.	Fitzroy Provincial Park	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karlsruhe (German pronunciation: (ˈkaɐ̯lsˌʁuːə); formerly Carlsruhe) is the second-largest city in the state of Baden-Württemberg, in southwest Germany, near the Franco-German border.	Karlsruhe	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Somasso is a town and commune in the Cercle of Bla in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali.	Somasso	Ségou Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pioneer Mothers Memorial Cabin Museum is located six miles from St. Paul, Oregon, United States within the Champoeg State Heritage Area.	Pioneer Mothers Memorial Cabin Museum	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarab-e Noql (Persian: سرابنقل‎, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Noql) is a village in Sarab Bagh Rural District, Sarab Bagh District, Abdanan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Sarab-e Noql	Sarab Bagh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramonchamp is a large commune in the Vosges department in Lorraine in northeastern France.	Ramonchamp	Vosges
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cobb Energy Performing Arts Centre is a performing arts venue located in the Cumberland/Galleria edge city, just northwest of Atlanta, Georgia.	Cobb Energy Performing Arts Centre	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Silay, officially City of Silay, is a third class city in the province of Negros Occidental, Philippines.	Silay	Negros Occidental
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gholam Mohammad Bazar (Persian: غلام محمد بازار‎, also Romanized as Gholām Moḩammad Bāzār; also known as Moḩammad and Muhammad) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Gholam Mohammad Bazar	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chizandan (Persian: چيزندان‎, also Romanized as Chīzandān) is a village in Susan-e Sharqi Rural District, Susan District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chizandan	Susan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kulczyn-Kolonia (ˈkult͡ʂɨn kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hańsk, within Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kulczyn-Kolonia	Gmina Hańsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	KQID-FM (93.1 FM, ``Q93'') is a Top 40 (CHR) radio station licensed to Alexandria, Louisiana.	KQID-FM	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Soghan Rural District (Persian: دهستان صوغان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Arzuiyeh District, Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Soghan Rural District	Kerman Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Međimurje County (pronounced (med͡ʑîːmuːrje); Croatian: Međimurska županija, Kajkavian: Medžimurje; German: Murinsel; Hungarian: Muraköz megye), is a triangle-shaped county in the northernmost part of Croatia, roughly corresponding to the historical and geographical region of Međimurje.	Međimurje County	Croatia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qadamgah (Persian: قدمگاه‎, also Romanized as Qadamgāh) is a city in Zeberkhan District, in Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qadamgah	Zeberkhan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Matinecock Friends Meetinghouse is a historic Quaker meeting house located at Piping Rock and Duck Pond Roads in Locust Valley, Nassau County, New York.	Matinecock Friends Meetinghouse	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Washington Way is an approximately 0.9-mile-long (1.4 km) section of freeway in downtown Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.	Fort Washington Way	Cincinnati
located in the administrative territorial entity	The P. Sue Beckwith, M.D., Boathouse, or simply Beckwith Boathouse, is an athletic facility at the University of Iowa.	Beckwith Boathouse	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pedralbes Circuit was a 6.316 km (3.925-mi) street racing course in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	Pedralbes Circuit	Barcelona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baranzate, formerly a frazione of the commune of Bollate, is a commune (i.e. a municipality or comune) in the Province of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy.	Baranzate	Province of Milan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nedumkunnam is a village in Kerala, India, located about 16 km East of Changanacherry on Changanacherry-Manimala Road, in Kottayam district.	Nedumkunnam	Kerala	Kottayam district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penn State Shenango is a Commonwealth Campus of the Pennsylvania State University, located on a 14-acre (57,000 m2) campus in downtown Sharon, Pennsylvania.	Penn State Shenango	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hyland Highway (formerly the Hyland Way) is a road connecting the towns of Traralgon and Yarram in the Gippsland region of Victoria, Australia.	Hyland Highway	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krasnodęby-Kasmy (krasnɔˈdɛmbɨ ˈkasmɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokołów Podlaski, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Krasnodęby-Kasmy	Gmina Sokołów Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santee Cooper Regional Airport (ICAO: KMNI, FAA LID: MNI) is a public use airport located seven nautical miles (13 km) south of the central business district of Manning, a city in Clarendon County, South Carolina, United States.	Santee Cooper Regional Airport	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santon railway station is a request stop near Newtown in the parish of Santon, Isle of Man; it forms part of the sole remaining line of the Isle of Man Railway which once encompassed over 46 miles of network and retains its original station building.	Santon railway station	Isle of Man
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Proctor is a ruined 19th century fort in St. Bernard Parish, Louisiana, USA.	Fort Proctor	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Święcany (ɕfjɛnˈt͡sanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skołyszyn, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Święcany	Gmina Skołyszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheykhlan-e Sofla (Persian: شيخلان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Sheykhlān-e Soflá; also known as Sheykhlān-e Pā'īn) is a village in Abish Ahmad Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sheykhlan-e Sofla	Abish Ahmad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Astana (/əsˈtɑːnə/, US /æsˈtɑːnə/; Kazakh: Астана (astaˈna)) is the capital of Kazakhstan.	Astana	Kazakhstan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Euxinograd (Bulgarian: Евксиноград (ɛfˈksinoɡrat), also transliterated as Evksinograd) is a late 19th-century Bulgarian former royal summer palace and park on the Black Sea coast, 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) north of downtown Varna.	Euxinograd	Varna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chyżne (ˈxɨʐnɛ), (Slovak: Chyžné) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonka, within Nowy Targ County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Chyżne	Gmina Jabłonka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burras is a village in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom, approximately five miles (8 km) south of Redruth on the B3297 road.	Burras	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yeniçağa is a town and a district of Bolu Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey, 38 km from the town of Bolu, on the highway from Istanbul to Ankara.	Yeniçağa	Bolu Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Delta Downs Racetrack, Casino and Hotel is an American thoroughbred and quarter horse racetrack in Calcasieu Parish, near Vinton, Louisiana in the southwest portion of the state.	Delta Downs	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tucson Convention Center (previously named the Tucson Community Center) is a large multi-purpose convention center located in downtown Tucson, Arizona.	Tucson Convention Center	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mark Hellinger Theatre is a former Broadway theatre and cinema complex, located at 237 West 51st Street in midtown Manhattan, New York City.	Mark Hellinger Theatre	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Parson Capen House is a historic house in Topsfield, Massachusetts that was built in the late 17th century.	Parson Capen House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frank H. Peterson Academies of Technology is a public, magnet high school located in Jacksonville, Florida.	Frank H. Peterson Academies of Technology	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Merkhah As Sufla District is a district of the Shabwah Governorate in Yemen.	Merkhah As Sufla District	Shabwah Governorate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kish Olya (Persian: کيش بزنويد‎, also Romanized as Kīsh ʿOlyā); also known as Kish Bazanvid (Persian: کيش عليا), also Romanized as Kīsh Bazanvīd) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kish Olya	Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aimwell Baptist Church is a historic African American church in Mobile, Alabama.	Aimwell Baptist Church	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boruchowo (bɔruˈxɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryczywół, within Oborniki County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Boruchowo	Gmina Ryczywół
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elbląg County (Polish: powiat elbląski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, northern Poland.	Elbląg County	Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yellowstone Regional Airport (IATA: COD, ICAO: KCOD, FAA LID: COD) is a public-use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) southeast of the central business district of Cody, a city in Park County, Wyoming, United States.	Yellowstone Regional Airport	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shellow Bowells (or occasionally misspelt as Shellow Bowels) is a village and former civil parish in the Epping Forest District of Essex, England.	Shellow Bowells	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	NYC Resistor is a hackerspace in New York, inspired by Chaos Computer Club and other hacker organizations.	NYC Resistor	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Barrine is a freshwater lake situated on the eastern parts of Atherton Tableland in Far North Queensland, Australia, close to Lake Eacham.	Lake Barrine	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heslington Hall is a grade II* listed rebuilt manor house near the village of Heslington, North Yorkshire, England, within the city of York.	Heslington Hall	York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ampani is a town in Kalahandi district, Odisha, India and this G.P.(Gram Panchayat) comes under Kokasara tehsil.It is 15 km away from its main town and Block(panchayat samiti) Kokasara.	Ampani	Kalahandi district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garndolbenmaen, known colloquially as Garn, is a village in the county of Gwynedd, Wales.	Garndolbenmaen	Gwynedd	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bięcino (bjɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ) (German Benzin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Damnica, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bięcino	Gmina Damnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Veerangkuppam is a small village in Ambur Taluk, part of the Vellore District in the Indian State of Tamil Nadu.	Veerangkuppam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Leighs is a village in Essex, England, halfway between Chelmsford and Braintree.	Great Leighs	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is also the center of the Al-Ziyarah Nahiyah (``subdistrict''), part of the Al-Suqaylabiyah District, consisting of 25 localities and with a combined population of 38,872 in 2004.	Al-Ziyarah	Al-Suqaylabiyah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estádio Eládio de Barros Carvalho, also known as Estádio dos Aflitos, is a football (soccer) stadium located in Recife, Brazil.	Estádio dos Aflitos	Recife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qareh Bater (Persian: قره باطر‎, also Romanized as Qareh Bāţer) is a village in Gholaman Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qareh Bater	Gholaman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Overlangbroek is a hamlet in the town of Wijk bij Duurstede.	Overlangbroek	Wijk bij Duurstede
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frank J. Baker House is a Prairie School style house located at 507 Lake Avenue in Wilmette, Illinois.	Frank J. Baker House	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tobacco Factory is the last remaining part of the old Wills Tobacco site on Raleigh Road, Southville, Bristol.	Tobacco Factory	Bristol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Governor's Inn is a historic inn at Maumee, Ohio, United States.	Governor's Inn	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gomorgan (Persian: گمرگان‎, also Romanized as Gomorgān, Gomorkān, Gomargān, Gomarkān, Gomrokān, and Gūmargan) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Gomorgan	Akhtarabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bailiffgate Museum is a small independent museum in Alnwick, Northumberland, England, dedicated to the history of Alnwick and North Northumberland.	Bailiffgate Museum	Alnwick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 159, or FM 159, is a Farm to Market Road in Texas, running from SH 105, 4 miles (6.4 km) southwest of Navasota, northward to SH 6, 2.5 miles (4.0 km) north of Millican.	Farm to Market Road 159	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anbar Olum (Persian: انبارآلوم‎), also Romanized as Anbār Olūm and Anbār Olom) is a city in and capital of Voshmgir District, in Aqqala County, Golestan Province, in northern Iran.	Anbar Olum	Voshmgir District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ypsilanti Water Tower is a historic water tower in Ypsilanti, Michigan, United States.	Ypsilanti Water Tower	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Werpol (ˈvɛrpɔl) (Ukrainian: Верпіль, Verpil'') is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nurzec-Stacja, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Werpol	Gmina Nurzec-Stacja
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kea Monastery was a monastery at Kea in Cornwall, UK, of which little is known.	Kea Monastery	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tubberclare or Tubberclair (Irish: Tobar Chláir) is a place in County Westmeath, Ireland, between Ballymahon and Athlone.	Tubberclare	County Westmeath
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Laly is a château or manor-house in Le Montet in the Allier départment in the Auvergne Region of France.	Château de Laly	Le Montet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pahaska Tepee is William ``Buffalo Bill'' Cody's old hunting lodge and hotel in the U.S. state of Wyoming.	Pahaska Tepee	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sulakan (Persian: سولاكان‎, also Romanized as Sūlākān; also known as Sūleh Kān and Sūlehkān) is a village in Gol Tappeh Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Sulakan	Gol Tappeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Muscatine Arboretum (15 acres) is an arboretum in Muscatine, Iowa, adjacent to the Muscatine Environmental Learning Center at 3300 Cedar Street.	Muscatine Arboretum	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mughalsarai is a city and a municipal board in the Chandauli district of Uttar Pradesh.	Mughalsarai	Chandauli district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Evergreen Point is the westernmost of a group of three small peninsulas on the east side of Lake Washington, King County, Washington.	Evergreen Point	King County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aldine Ninth Grade School is a public secondary school located in the Greenspoint district of northern Houston, Texas, United States.	Aldine Ninth Grade School	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przybkówko (pʂɨpˈkufkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barwice, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Przybkówko	Gmina Barwice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mahoosuc Range, a northern extension of the White Mountains, straddles the border between New Hampshire and Maine.	Mahoosuc Range	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Main Deli Steak House, also known simply as Main Deli is a delicatessen and steakhouse located in Montreal, Quebec.	Main Deli Steak House	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beth HaMedrosh Hagodol-Beth Joseph, known locally as BMH-BJ or simply BMH, and since 2012 also known as The Denver Synagogue, is a Modern Orthodox, Zionist synagogue in Denver, Colorado.	Beth HaMedrosh Hagodol-Beth Joseph	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Saline Range is a mountain range in Inyo County, California, within Death Valley National Park.	Saline Range	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edward S. Barrows House (sic) is located just north of downtown Davenport, Iowa, United States.	Edward S. Barrows House	Davenport
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bishop's Tower (German: Bischofsturm), or Bishop's Castle (Bischofsburg), is an archaeological site in the historic city center of Hamburg, Germany, containing the oldest known remains of a stone building in the city.	Bishop's Tower	Hamburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ridgeway Hotel Historic District encompasses three buildings located just east of the town square of Monticello, Arkansas.	Ridgeway Hotel Historic District	Monticello
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Knox Memorial Bridge crosses the Intracoastal Waterway north of Ormond Beach, Florida.	Knox Memorial Bridge	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sangroli is a village under Panchayat samiti in Kaithal district in the Indian state of Haryana.	Sangroli	Kaithal district	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zavosht (Persian: زاوشت‎, also Romanized as Zāvosht) is a village in Benajuy-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Bonab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zavosht	Benajuy-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ebenezer Baptist Churches are two Baptist churches in Loudoun County, Virginia, the ``Old Ebenzer Church,'' built before 1769, and the ``New Ebenezer Church,'' built about 1855.	Ebenezer Baptist Churches	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thikariya is a small village in Rajasthan, located on NH-11 10KM from , RINGUS sikar, Rajasthan India.	Thikariya	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rockridge Market Hall is a market hall in Rockridge, part of Oakland, California that contains nine stores including a caterer, a pasta shop, a flower shop, a winery, a produce shop, a coffee shop, a fish shop, a butcher shop and a bakery.	Rockridge Market Hall	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tsing Yi Heung Sze Wui Road (Chinese: 青衣鄉事會路; Cantonese Yale: ching1 yi1 heung1 si6 wui2 lou6) is one of the oldest roads on the Tsing Yi Island, Hong Kong.	Tsing Yi Heung Sze Wui Road	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	9200 Sunset (formerly Luckman Plaza) is a commercial office building at 9200 and 9220 Sunset Boulevard at the west end of the Sunset Strip in West Hollywood, California.	9200 Sunset	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasheneh (Persian: حشنه‎, also Romanized as Ḩasheneh) is a village in Tujerdi Rural District, Sarchehan District, Bavanat County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hasheneh	Tujerdi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Javar (Persian: پيرجوار‎, also Romanized as Pīr Javār; also known as Pīr Javād) is a village in Gerdeh Rural District, in the Central District of Namin County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Pir Javar	Gerdeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alfred Street Baptist Church was founded in 1818 in Alexandria, Virginia, USA and located in the city's oldest African American neighborhood, the Bottoms.	Alfred Street Baptist Church	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarnówczyn (tarˈnuft͡ʂɨn) (German: Tarnowker Busch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krajenka, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Tarnówczyn	Gmina Krajenka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budaun district (Hindi: बदायूँ जिला) is one of the districts of Uttar Pradesh state of India, and Budaun town is the district headquarters.	Budaun district	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musée gruérien is a museum dedicated to the ethnography and history of the Gruyère District of the Canton of Fribourg, Switzerland.	Musée gruérien	Canton of Fribourg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karkarook Park is a metropolitan park in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Karkarook Park	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dean Cemetery is a historically important Victorian cemetery north of the Dean Village, west of Edinburgh city centre, in Scotland.	Dean Cemetery	Edinburgh	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przywilcz (ˈpʂɨvilt͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Przywilcz	Gmina Grudusk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grand Targhee Resort is a ski resort in the western United States, located in the Caribou-Targhee National Forest in Wyoming, near Alta.	Grand Targhee Resort	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malusan (Persian: ملوسان‎, also Romanized as Malūsān; also known as Malhūsān, Malīsar, and Mīsar) is a village in Tariq ol Eslam Rural District, in the Central District of Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Malusan	Tariq ol Eslam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pallom or Pallam is a small village in the Kottayam district of Kerala state, south India.	Pallom	Kottayam district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Kurowice (kɔˈlɔɲa kurɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sabnie, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kolonia Kurowice	Gmina Sabnie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monjvek (Persian: منجوك‎) is a village in Seydun-e Jonubi Rural District, Seydun District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Monjvek	Seydun-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pachapoika or Pachapoyika is a place in Vengad village, Kannur district, Kerala, India.	Pachapoika	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chelari or Tenhipalam (also spelt Thenhipalam) is a panchayat in Tirurangadi Taluk in Malappuram district of Kerala in India.	Chelari	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vitruvian Park is a billion dollar multi-family, retail and commercial development in Addison, Texas.	Vitruvian Park	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klukowszczyzna (klukɔfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Klukowszczyzna	Gmina Leśna Podlaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Richmond Field (FAA LID: 69G) is a privately owned, public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) southeast of the central business district of Gregory, a city in Livingston County, Michigan, United States.	Richmond Field	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument is a national monument located in Teller County, Colorado.	Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sucha Huta (ˈsuxa ˈxuta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przywidz, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sucha Huta	Gmina Przywidz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The War Between the States Museum, in Florence, South Carolina, USA was founded in 1988 by members of the Sons of Confederate Veterans.	War Between the States Museum	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budomierz (buˈdɔmʲɛʂ) (Ukrainian: Будомир, Budomyr) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubaczów, within Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Budomierz	Gmina Lubaczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whitehill Secondary School (formerly Whitehill Senior Secondary School) is a Scottish non-denominational comprehensive secondary school located in the suburb of Dennistoun in Glasgow.	Whitehill Secondary School	Glasgow
located in the administrative territorial entity	KGBB (103.9 FM, ``Bob FM'') is a radio station licensed to Edwards, California, broadcasting to the Antelope Valley area on 103.9 MHz FM.	KGBB	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Misje is an island (and village) in Fjell municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Misje	Fjell
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trafalgar Square (/ˌtrəˈfælɡər/ trə-FAL-gər) is a public square in the City of Westminster, Central London, built around the area formerly known as Charing Cross.	Trafalgar Square	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samson Fried Estate, also known as ``Birch Hill,'' is a historic estate located at Severance in Essex County, New York.	Samson Fried Estate	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blake End is a hamlet on the B1256 road, located in between the towns of Braintree and Great Dunmow, in the county of Essex, England.	Blake End	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stony Creek Metropark is a Huron-Clinton Metropark located in northern southeast Michigan (predominantly in Washington Township, MI and Rochester/Oakland, MI, with a small portion in Shelby Township, MI).	Stony Creek Metropark	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pacific Raceways is a mixed-use road racing and drag racing facility near Kent, Washington.	Pacific Raceways	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowmandan (Persian: نومندان‎, also Romanized as Nowmandān; also known as Namandan) is a village in Lisar Rural District, Kargan Rud District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Nowmandan	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostrężnik (ɔstˈɛʲjnit͡s) is a small Polish settlement in Gmina Niegowa near Trzebniów in Silesian Voivodeship, northwestern corner of Lesser Poland.	Ostrężnik	Gmina Niegowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shanghai Art Museum building is located on the south side of Nanjing Road (West).	Shanghai Art Museum	Nanjing Road
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Conway 5 and 10 Cent Store (also known as North Conway 5 cent to $1.00 Store) is a historic general store at 2683 Main Street in North Conway, New Hampshire.	North Conway 5 and 10 Cent Store	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yeşilli () is a district of Mardin Province of Turkey.	Yeşilli	Mardin Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Cornelia's Episcopal Church is a historic church on the Lower Sioux Indian Reservation near Morton, Minnesota, United States.	St. Cornelia's Episcopal Church	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łaskarzew (wasˈkaʐɛf) is a town in Garwolin County (15 kilometres (9 miles) from Garwolin), Masovian Voivodeship, Poland, with 4,948 inhabitants (2004).	Łaskarzew	Garwolin County
located in the administrative territorial entity	WHMH-FM (101.7 FM) ``Rockin' 101'' is a radio station in St. Cloud, Minnesota, broadcasting an album-oriented rock (AOR) format.	WHMH-FM	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aşıklı Höyük is located in an area covered by the volcanic tuff of central Cappadocia, in Aksaray Province.	Aşıklı Höyük	Aksaray Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Mohammad Mortazavi (Persian: ده محمدمرتضوي‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Moḩammad Mortaz̤avī) is a village in Ferdows Rural District, Ferdows District, Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Mohammad Mortazavi	Ferdows District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gabrielsen Natatorium is a swimming and diving facility at the University of Georgia (UGA) in Athens, Georgia, U.S.A. The natatorium is home to the university's varsity swimming and diving programs and seats almost 2,000 spectators.	Gabrielsen Natatorium	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh-ye Nafal (Persian: بنه نفل‎, also Romanized as Boneh Nafal; also known as Nafal) is a village in Jayezan Rural District, Jayezan District, Omidiyeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Boneh-ye Nafal	Jayezan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tennevoll or Tennevollen is a village and the administrative centre of the municipality of Lavangen in Troms county, Norway, about 50 kilometres (31 mi) straight east of the city of Harstad.	Tennevoll	Lavangen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Macumba River also once known as Treuer River is an ephemeral freshwater stream in the far north of South Australia.	Macumba River	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jambusagaranagara Dadhigrama (Vidarbha) Nandigrama (Maharashtra) Parthapura (Maharashtra) Golagrama (Maharashtra) Kerala	Dadhigrama	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tampureh-ye Ruisheyd (Persian: تمپوره رويشيد‎, also Romanized as Tampūreh-ye Rūīsheyd; also known as Dambar Rū’shīd and Tambūdorūsheyd) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tampureh-ye Ruisheyd	Mosharrahat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Terpersie Castle is a 16th-century tower house in Tullynessle, Aberdeenshire, Scotland, located 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) north-west of Alford.	Terpersie Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vellappallam is a village located between Velankanni and Vedaranyam in Nagapattinam district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Vellappallam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Montgomery Canal (Welsh: Camlas Trefaldwyn), known colloquially as ``The Monty'', is a partially restored canal in Powys, in eastern Wales, and in northwest Shropshire, in western England.	Montgomery Canal	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Church of Santi Domenico e Sisto (Saints Dominic and Sixtus) is one of the titular churches in Rome, Italy in the care of the Roman Catholic Order of Preachers, better known as the Dominicans.	Santi Domenico e Sisto	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Colahan Griffin Nature Reserve is a 96 ha conservation reserve in north-central Victoria, south-eastern Australia.	John Colahan Griffin Nature Reserve	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bellabeg (an anglicisation of Scottish Gaelic: Am Baile Beag, 'the small farmtown') is a small roadside settlement in Strathdon, Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Bellabeg	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Šťáhlavy is a village in Plzeň-City District, 14 km south-east from Plzeň.	Šťáhlavy	Plzeň-City District
located in the administrative territorial entity	New London Union Station is a historic regional rail station located in New London, Connecticut, United States.	New London Union Station	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bad Schwalbach (called Langenschwalbach until 1927) is the district seat of Rheingau-Taunus-Kreis, in Hesse, Germany.	Bad Schwalbach	Rheingau-Taunus-Kreis	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alvan-e Moslem (Persian: علوان مسلم‎, also Romanized as ʿAlvān-e Moslem) is a village in Azadeh Rural District, Moshrageh District, Ramshir County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Alvan-e Moslem	Azadeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poggio Rusco is a small town and comune in the Province of Mantua, whose inhabitants number 6,641 as of January 1, 2015.	Poggio Rusco	Province of Mantua
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Teddy Bear Museum of Naples was a visitor attraction located in north Naples, Florida, USA.	Teddy Bear Museum of Naples	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kingskettle or simply Kettle is a small village and parish in Fife, Scotland.	Kingskettle	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belmont City College (known as Belmont Senior High School until 2000) is a comprehensive public high school located in Belmont, 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Perth, Western Australia.	Belmont City College	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pabarsa is a small village in Daurala nagar panchayat in Meerut district, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Pabarsa	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gavliq (Persian: گاوليق‎, also Romanized as Gāvlīq) is a village in Tirchai Rural District, Kandovan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gavliq	Tirchai Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pampanga or Pampaŋga (PSGC: 035400000; ISO: PH-PAM; ) is a province in the Central Luzon region of the Philippines.	Pampanga	Central Luzon
located in the administrative territorial entity	841 North Lincoln Avenue in the Allegheny West neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, was built in 1878.	841 North Lincoln Avenue	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Homrian (Persian: حمريان‎, also Romanized as Ḩomrīān and Ḩomreyān; also known as Hamziyan) is a village in Pol-e Doab Rural District, Zalian District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Homrian	Pol-e Doab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Będzieszewo (bɛnd͡ʑɛˈʂɛvɔ) (German: Bandesow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świerzno, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Będzieszewo	Gmina Świerzno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Phooli (Hindi: फुली),village is located between Dildarnagar and Zamania in Ghazipur district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Phooli	Ghazipur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vineland Senior High School North is a public high school located in Vineland, in Cumberland County, New Jersey, United States, as part of the Vineland Public Schools.	Vineland Senior High School North	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qareh Aqajlu (Persian: قره آقاجلو‎, also Romanized as Qareh Āghājlū, Qarah Āghājlū, and Qareh Āqājl’ū; also known as Kara-Agach, Qara Aghāch, Qareh Āqāch, and Qareh Āqāchlū) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District, Zanjanrud District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Qareh Aqajlu	Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anoritooq (old spelling: Anoritôq) is a nunatak (Greenlandic: nunataq) in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Anoritooq	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marais des Cygnes National Wildlife Refuge (NWR) is located 39 miles (63 km) south of the Kansas City metropolitan area, along the Marais des Cygnes River in Linn County.	Marais des Cygnes National Wildlife Refuge	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Velòdrom d'Horta is a velodrome located in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	Velòdrom d'Horta	Barcelona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Katiu, or Taungataki, is an atoll of the central Tuamotu Archipelago in French Polynesia.	Katiu	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hashbai or Tell Hashbai is an archaeological site on the west of the Beqaa Valley in Lebanon.	Hashbai	Beqaa Valley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bon Honi (Persian: بن هنی‎, also Romanized as Bon Honī) is a village in Qilab Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bon Honi	Qilab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berwick Bassett is a small village and civil parish in Wiltshire, England, about 6 miles (10 km) northwest of Marlborough and 8 miles (13 km) southwest of Swindon.	Berwick Bassett	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	WISX (``Mix 106'') is a Hot adult contemporary (Hot AC) radio station licensed to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and owned by iHeartMedia.	WISX	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The former 12th-century Crusader Church of St. James Intercisus has been transformed into a mosque after the fall of Crusader Jerusalem.	Church of St. James Intercisus	Jerusalem
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Roma Historic District in Roma, Texas preserves an intact example of a border town in the lower Rio Grande valley.	Roma Historic District	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Shasta Wilderness is a 38,200-acre (155 km2) federally designated wilderness area located 5 miles (8.0 km) east of Mount Shasta City in northern California.	Mount Shasta Wilderness	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamburger Hallig is an area on the westcoast of Nordfriesland district in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany, that is not protected by sea dikes.	Hamburger Hallig	Schleswig-Holstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horrem station is a station in the Kerpen district of Horrem in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.	Horrem station	Kerpen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peabody Museum of Archaeology and Ethnology is a museum affiliated with Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Peabody Museum of Archaeology and Ethnology	Cambridge
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bard-e Varbeh (Persian: بردوربه‎) is a village in Ahmadfedaleh Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bard-e Varbeh	Ahmadfedaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shirghan (Persian: شيرغان‎, also Romanized as Shīrghān) is a village in Sangar Rural District, in the Central District of Faruj County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shirghan	Sangar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otterbein University is a private, four-year liberal arts college in Westerville, Ohio, United States.	Otterbein University	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wasdale (/ˈwɒzdeɪl/ WOZ-dayl) is a valley and civil parish in the western part of the Lake District National Park in Cumbria, England.	Wasdale	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Si Dong Yen (Thai: ศรีดงเย็น) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Chai Prakan District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Si Dong Yen	Chai Prakan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palmetto Beach Historic District is an historic district in Tampa, Florida.	Palmetto Beach Historic District	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yukon Flats National Wildlife Refuge is a protected wetland area in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Yukon Flats National Wildlife Refuge	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Western Alamance High School is a public, coeducational high school located in Elon, North Carolina.	Western Alamance High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalam Rud (Persian: كلامرود‎, also Romanized as Kalām Rūd) is a village in Somam Rural District, Rankuh District, Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kalam Rud	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shand-e Maleki (Persian: شندملكي‎, also Romanized as Shand-e Maleḵī) is a village in Bandan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shand-e Maleki	Bandan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osiniak-Piotrowo (ɔˈɕiɲak pjɔˈtrɔvɔ) (German: Fedorwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruciane-Nida, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Osiniak-Piotrowo	Gmina Ruciane-Nida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Sanati-ye Alborz (Persian: شهرصنعتي البرز‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Şan``atī-ye Alborz) is a village in Pir Yusefian Rural District, in the Central District of Alborz County, Qazvin Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 686, in 209 families.	Shahrak-e Sanati-ye Alborz	Pir Yusefian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biglarabad (Persian: بيگلراباد‎‎, also Romanized as Bīglarābād; also known as Beglarābād) is a village in Godeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Biglarabad	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leszczków (ˈlɛʂt͡ʂkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnik, within Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Leszczków	Gmina Lipnik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bevercotes is a hamlet and civil parish in the Bassetlaw district of Nottinghamshire, England, about six miles south of East Retford and five miles north-east of Ollerton.	Bevercotes	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villa Walsh Academy is a private, grades 7-12, Catholic college preparatory school for girls located in Morristown, New Jersey, United States, conducted by the Religious Teachers Filippini.	Villa Walsh Academy	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grand Lac Nominingue is a lake in Southwest Quebec, located in the Laurentian Mountains, bordering the village of Nominingue.	Grand Lac Nominingue	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horizon Christian Schools is a private Christian high school in Tualatin, Oregon, United States.	Horizon Christian Schools	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Andaj (Persian: اندج‎) is a village in Alamut-e Bala Rural District, Rudbar-e Alamut District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Andaj	Alamut-e Bala Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sirpur Town is a village in east part of Adilabad district of the Indian state of Telangana.	Sirpur	Adilabad district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalikak (Persian: كليكك‎, also Romanized as Kalīkak; also known as Kalīkak-e ``Olyā) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District, Doshman Ziari District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Kalikak	Mashayekh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang Darhaman (Persian: تنگ درهمان‎, also Romanized as Tang Darhamān) is a village in Piveshk Rural District, Lirdaf District, Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Tang Darhaman	Piveshk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piazza De Ferrari is the main square of Genoa.	Piazza De Ferrari	Genoa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bab Khowshab (Persian: باب خوشاب‎, also Romanized as Bāb Khowshāb and Bābkhowshāb) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bab Khowshab	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Macomb Reservation State Park is in the Town of Schuyler Falls in Clinton County, New York, United States.	Macomb Reservation State Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boreman Hall is a residence hall on the campus of West Virginia University in Morgantown, West Virginia.	Boreman Hall	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kingittorsuaq Runestone (old spelling: Kingigtorssuaq), listed as GR 1 in the Rundata catalog, is a runestone that was found on Kingittorsuaq Island, an island in the Upernavik Archipelago in northwestern Greenland.	Kingittorsuaq Runestone	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Churchill Theatre in Bromley, southeast London was built by the London Borough of Bromley to designs by its borough architect's department.	Churchill Theatre	London Borough of Bromley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shirley Windmill is a Grade II listed tower mill in Shirley, in the London Borough of Croydon, England which has been restored to working order.	Shirley Windmill	London Borough of Croydon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fordson High School is a secondary school located in Dearborn, Michigan, United States in Greater Detroit.	Fordson High School	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kazemi-ye Do (Persian: كاظمي دو‎, also Romanized as Kāz̧emī-ye Do) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kazemi-ye Do	Esmailiyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banmankhi Bazar is a town and a notified area in Purnia district in the state of Bihar, India.	Banmankhi Bazar	Purnia district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ben Lane Print Shop is a demonstration site at Shelburne Museum in Shelburne, Vermont in the United States.	Ben Lane Print Shop	Shelburne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edisto Island Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church on Edisto Island, South Carolina.	Edisto Island Presbyterian Church	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Schadenbeeksköpfe are two summits on a southeastern outlier of the Aschentalshalbe in the Harz Mountains of Germany, about 3.6 kilometres southeast of Sieber in the district of Osterode am Harz in Lower Saxony.	Schadenbeeksköpfe	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baharestan County (Persian: شهرستان بهارستان‎‎) is a county in Tehran Province in Iran.	Baharestan County	Tehran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Creich Castle is a ruined tower house near Creich, Fife, Scotland.	Creich Castle	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whitemud Creek is a tributary of the North Saskatchewan River in central Alberta, Canada.	Whitemud Creek	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llwynypia (Welsh: Llwyn-y-pïa (ˌɬʊɪnəˈpiːa)) is a village and community in Rhondda Cynon Taf, Wales, near Tonypandy in the Rhondda Fawr Valley.	Llwynypia	Rhondda Cynon Taf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lumarzo is a village and comune (municipality) in the Province of Genoa in the Italian region Liguria, located about 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Genoa.	Lumarzo	Province of Genoa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Górskie Ponikły-Stok (ˈɡurskʲɛ pɔˈnikwɨ ˈstɔk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutki, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Górskie Ponikły-Stok	Gmina Rutki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Assabet River is a small river about 20 miles (30 km) west of Boston, Massachusetts, USA.	Assabet River	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dast Jerdeh Rural District (Persian: دهستان دستجرده‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Chavarzaq District, Tarom County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Dast Jerdeh Rural District	Chavarzaq District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jiangkou County (Chinese: 江口县; Pinyin: Jiāngkǒu Xiàn) is a county in Tongren Prefecture, Guizhou Province of China.	Jiangkou County	Tongren
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Daly River Road is a designated state route in the Northern Territory of Australia providing access to the settlements of Daly River (Nauiyu), Peppimenarti and Wadeye (Port Keats).	Daly River Road	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stubaier Wildspitze is a 3,341-metre-high mountain in the Stubai Alps in the Austrian state of Tyrol.	Stubaier Wildspitze	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bineh-ye Pahlu (Persian: بينه پهلو‎, also Romanized as Bīneh-ye Pahlū; also known as Bīn-e palū) is a village in Owshiyan Rural District, Chaboksar District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bineh-ye Pahlu	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palangari-ye Now (Persian: پالنگري نو‎, also Romanized as Pālangarī-ye Now; also known as Hajungri, Ḩālūngarī ye, and Pālangarī) is a village in Kamfiruz-e Shomali Rural District, Kamfiruz District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Palangari-ye Now	Kamfiruz-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zavar Deh (Persian: زوارده‎, also Romanized as Zavār Deh) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Zavar Deh	Sajjadrud Rural District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meerjapeta, also rendered as Meer Japeta, is a village in the Tarlupadu mandal of the Prakasam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Meerjapeta	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Birundeh (Persian: بيرونده‎, also Romanized as Bīrūndeh; also known as Berūndeh, Birundekh, Birundoh, and Borūndeh) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu-e Pain Rural District, Qareh Poshtelu District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Birundeh	Qareh Poshtelu-e Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aarau District is a district in the Swiss Canton of Aargau with administrative capital Aarau encompasses the agglomeration of Aarau south of the Juras.	Aarau District	Aargau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pang Hin Fon (Thai: ปางหินฝน) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Mae Chaem District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Pang Hin Fon	Mae Chaem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Most of the adult inhabitants of Saraswathi Nagar are workers at the mill. People came from many places of Tamil Nadu, especially from Madurai, to work at the mill and settle in Saraswathi Nagar.	Saraswathi Nagar	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yáquil, also known as Isla de Yáquil is a Chilean village located in Santa Cruz, Colchagua Province, Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins Region.	Yáquil	Santa Cruz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Archbishop Hoban High School is a private, Catholic, college prep high school in Akron, Ohio, USA.	Archbishop Hoban High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hemker Park & Zoo is a family owned zoo founded in 1977 in Freeport, Minnesota, United States.	Hemker Park & Zoo	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Embsay with Eastby is a civil parish and electoral ward in the Craven district of North Yorkshire, England.	Embsay with Eastby	Craven
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yarrie mine is an iron ore mine located in the Pilbara region of Western Australia, 90 kilometres north-east of Marble Bar.	Yarrie mine	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalavoor(Malayalam:കലവൂർ Hindi:कलवूर ) is a village located at Alappuzha district in the Indian state of Kerala.10 km north of Alappuzha city, it is well-connected by road and rail.	Kalavoor	Alappuzha district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Giovanni Addolorata Hospital (also known as Azienda Ospedaliera San Giovanni Addolorata), is a hospital located in Rome, Italy, behind the largest standing ancient Egyptian obelisk in the world and the Archbasilica of St. John Lateran.	San Giovanni Addolorata Hospital	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boleścice (bɔlɛɕˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sędziszów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Boleścice	Gmina Sędziszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lexington Historical Society, founded in 1886 in Lexington, Massachusetts preserves and celebrates Lexington's history, with a special emphasis on the town's important role in the beginning of the American Revolution.	Lexington Historical Society	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skonto Hall (also Skonto Arena) is an arena in Riga, Latvia.	Skonto Hall	Riga
located in the administrative territorial entity	Simpson Memorial United Methodist Church, historically known as the Simpson Memorial Methodist Episcopal Church, is a historic Methodist Episcopal Church, now United Methodist, located at Charleston, West Virginia.	Simpson Memorial United Methodist Church	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wuzhong District (simplified Chinese: 吴中区; traditional Chinese: 吳中區; pinyin: Wúzhōng Qū) is one of five urban districts of Suzhou, Jiangsu province, China.	Wuzhong District	Suzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jelow-e Olya (Persian: جلوعليا‎, also Romanized as Jelow-e ``Olyā) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 118, in 26 families.	Jelow-e Olya	Sar Firuzabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The state-recognized resort of Adelsheim in the Neckar-Odenwald-Kreis looks back on a 1,200-year heritage.	Adelsheim	Neckar-Odenwald
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sennett and Bertha Kirk House is a 1913 Colonial Revival house in Garnett, Kansas, United States.	Sennett and Bertha Kirk House	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chiaha was a Native American chiefdom located in the lower French Broad River valley in modern East Tennessee, in the southeastern United States.	Chiaha	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Durkan-e Bala (Persian: دوركان بالا‎, also Romanized as Dūrkān-e Bālā) is a village in Geshmiran Rural District, in the Central District of Manujan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Durkan-e Bala	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rostowa (rɔsˈtɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiątkowo, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rostowa	Gmina Siemiątkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Telgerd (Persian: تلگرد‎) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District, Qalandarabad District, Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Telgerd	Qalandarabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lacs des Hôpitaux is a pair of lakes at La Burbanche in the Ain department of France.	Lacs des Hôpitaux	La Burbanche
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kirtling together with Kirtling Green and Kirtling Towers is a scattered settlement in the east of the English county of Cambridgeshire.	Kirtling	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Górski Las (ˈɡurski ˈlas) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczęta, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Górski Las	Gmina Wilczęta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Franconian Lake District lies south-west of Nuremberg in northern Bavaria, in Germany.	Franconian Lake District	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cross Mountain Mine disaster was a coal mine explosion that occurred on December 9, 1911 near the community of Briceville, Tennessee, in the southeastern United States.	Cross Mountain Mine disaster	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Schoenhofen Brewery Historic District is centered on the former site of the Peter Schoenhofen Brewing Company at 18th and Canalport Avenue in the Pilsen neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois.	Schoenhofen Brewery Historic District	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Janbazar (Bengali: জানবাজার) is a neighbourhood in central Kolkata, earlier known as Calcutta, in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Janbazar	Kolkata
located in the administrative territorial entity	The People's Liberation Army Academy of Art (simplified Chinese: 中国人民解放军艺术学院; traditional Chinese: 中國人民解放軍藝術學院; pinyin: Zhōngguó Rénmín Jiěfàngjūn Yìshù Xuéyuán) is a university in Haidian District, Beijing, China.	People's Liberation Army Academy of Art	Beijing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kington Museum is a volunteer-run local history museum in the market town of Kington, Herefordshire, England.	Kington Museum	Kington, Herefordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dziechlino (d͡ʑeˈxlinɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska, within Lębork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Dziechlino	Gmina Nowa Wieś Lęborska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haralson County High School is a public comprehensive high school in Tallapoosa, Georgia, USA.	Haralson County High School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pywiack Cascade is a waterfall in Yosemite National Park within the U.S. state of California.	Pywiack Cascade	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plant X is a steam-electric power plant located in the partially vegetated sandhills south of the West Texas town of Earth in Lamb County, Texas.	Plant X	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobiercice (dɔbjɛrˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Byczyna, within Kluczbork County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Dobiercice	Gmina Byczyna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Filgrave is a hamlet in the Borough of Milton Keynes and ceremonial Buckinghamshire, England.	Filgrave	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tudeshk Rural District (Persian: دهستان تودشك‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kuhpayeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Tudeshk Rural District	Kuhpayeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolembrody (kɔlɛmˈbrɔdɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komarówka Podlaska, within Radzyń Podlaski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kolembrody	Gmina Komarówka Podlaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Docklands Stadium (also known by its former sponsored names of Colonial Stadium and Telstra Dome as well as its current sponsorship name of Etihad Stadium) is a multi-purpose sports and entertainment stadium in the Docklands precinct of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Docklands Stadium	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Phoenix Indian School, or Phoenix Indian High School in its later years, was a Bureau of Indian Affairs-operated school in Encanto Village, in the heart of Phoenix, Arizona.	Phoenix Indian School	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Michałki-Kolonia (mʲiˈxau̯kʲi kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokitno, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Michałki-Kolonia	Gmina Rokitno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Hasan Khan (Persian: قشلاق حسن خان‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ḩasan Khān, Qeshlāq Ḩasan Khān, and Qishlāq Hasan Khān; also known as Qeshlāq-e Ḩasan) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District, in the Central District of Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Hasan Khan	Khvor Khvoreh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McMurray Formation is a stratigraphic unit of Early Cretaceous age (late Barremian to Aptian stage) of the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin in northeastern Alberta.	McMurray Formation	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spring Hill Presbyterian Church (The New School Presbyterian Church at Spring Hill) is a historic church on S. Main Street in Spring Hill, Tennessee.	Spring Hill Presbyterian Church	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Međaši (Cyrillic: Међаши) is a village in the municipality of Bijeljina, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Međaši	Bijeljina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Overberg District Municipality is a district municipality that governs the Overberg region in the Western Cape province of South Africa.	Overberg District Municipality	Western Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Melbourne Sports and Entertainment Precinct is a series of sports stadiums and venues, located in Melbourne, Victoria, in Australia.	Melbourne Sports and Entertainment Precinct	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Urzut (ˈuʐut) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nadarzyn, within Pruszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Urzut	Gmina Nadarzyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yeserlu (Persian: يسرلو‎, also Romanized as Yeserlū and Yesreloo; also known as Yassarli) is a village in Chah Dasht Rural District, Shara District, Hamadan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Yeserlu	Chah Dasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Turtle-Flambeau Flowage is a 12,942 acre lake, located in Iron County, Wisconsin.	Turtle-Flambeau Flowage	Iron County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North and South Menan Buttes in southeastern Idaho are two of the world's largest volcanic tuff cones.	Menan Buttes	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steep Rock Lake was a body of water near the township of Atikokan, northern Ontario, Canada.	Steep Rock Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wait for Me, Daddy is a photo taken by Claude P. Dettloff on October 1, 1940, of The British Columbia Regiment (Duke of Connaught's Own Rifles) marching down Eighth Street at the Columbia Street intersection, New Westminster, Canada.	Wait for Me, Daddy	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Kelowna's population in 2011 was 30,892, making it the second-largest municipality in the Kelowna-based Regional District of Central Okanagan.	West Kelowna	Regional District of Central Okanagan
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKMC (1370 AM) is an oldies radio station broadcasting in Altoona, Pennsylvania.	WKMC	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walcrow River, a watercourse of the Manning River catchment, is located in the Northern Tablelands and Mid North Coast districts of New South Wales, Australia.	Walcrow River	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gulf Developmental Road links the Cairns and Normanton regions in northern Queensland, Australia.	Gulf Developmental Road	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vankleek Hill Collegiate Institute (also called VCI by students and staff) is a small, English high school operated by the Upper Canada District School Board (UCDSB) in the heart Town of Vankleek Hill, Ontario, Canada.	Vankleek Hill Collegiate Institute	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weston Manor is an 18th-century plantation house on the south shore of the Appomattox River in Hopewell, Virginia.	Weston Manor	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dennis Village Cemetery, also known as the Common Burying Ground and East Yarmouth Churchyard, is a historic cemetery at Massachusetts Route 6A and Old Bass River Road in the center of Dennis, Massachusetts.	Dennis Village Cemetery	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	College of the Muscogee Nation (CMN) is a two-year private American Indian tribal college, located in Okmulgee, Oklahoma, the capital of the Muscogee (Creek) Nation.	College of the Muscogee Nation	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hemmatabad-e Vahab (Persian: همت ابادواهب‎, also Romanized as Hemmatābād-e Vāhab) is a village in Gonbaki Rural District, Gonbaki District, Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hemmatabad-e Vahab	Gonbaki District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mabee-Gerrer Museum of Art is a non-profit art museum located on the campus of St. Gregory's University in Shawnee, Oklahoma, USA and operates independently of near-by St. Gregory's University.	Mabee-Gerrer Museum of Art	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Navais is a parish and former civil parish in Póvoa de Varzim, Portugal.	Navais	Póvoa de Varzim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inhaca Airport (IATA: IHC, ICAO: FQIA) is an airport near Inhaca, a town on Inhaca Island, in the Maputo Province in Mozambique.	Inhaca Airport	Maputo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasht Bandi-ye Do (Persian: هشت بندي دو‎, also Romanized as Hasht Bandī-ye Do) is a village in Cheraghabad Rural District, Tukahur District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Hasht Bandi-ye Do	Cheraghabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fonteblanda is a village in Tuscany, central Italy, administratively a frazione of the comune of Orbetello, province of Grosseto, in the Tuscan Maremma.	Fonteblanda	Orbetello
located in the administrative territorial entity	McKendree Chapel, also known as Old McKendree Chapel, in Jackson, Missouri, is a log cabin style chapel that was built in 1819 and is known as the oldest Protestant church standing west of the Mississippi River.	McKendree Chapel	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bacon County High School is located in the town of Alma, Bacon County, Georgia, USA, and is part of the Bacon County School District.	Bacon County High School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sutavan (Persian: سوتوان‎, also Romanized as Sūtavān) is a village in Bask-e Kuleseh Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sutavan	Bask-e Kuleseh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wandown Important Bird Area comprises a 48 km2 disjunct tract of remnant mallee habitat in northern Victoria, south-eastern Australia.	Wandown Important Bird Area	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Allan Green Conservatory was a pyramid shaped botanical display facility on the Esplanade Reserve in Perth, Western Australia.	Allan Green Conservatory	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maxcanú Municipality (in the Yucatec Maya language: ``his four monkeys'') is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán.	Maxcanú Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abu Shakar (Persian: ابوشكر‎, also Romanized as Abū Shakar) is a village in Minubar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Abu Shakar	Minubar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Šratovci (pronounced (ˈʃɾaːtɔu̯tsi)) is a village on the right bank of the Mura River in the Municipality of Radenci in northeastern Slovenia, close to the border with Austria.	Šratovci	Radenci
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruzmianki (Persian: روزميانكي‎‎, also Romanized as Rūzmīānḵī) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Ruzmianki	Tang-e Haft Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hubbathala is a census town in the Nilgiris district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Hubbathala	Nilgiris district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Offutt Air Force Base (IATA: OFF, ICAO: KOFF, FAA LID: OFF) is a U.S. Air Force installation near Omaha, and lies adjacent to Bellevue in Sarpy County, Nebraska.	Offutt Air Force Base	Sarpy County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashmaq (Persian: اشمق‎, also known as Īshmaq) is a village in Almalu Rural District, Nazarkahrizi District, Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ashmaq	Almalu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bledington is a village and civil parish in the Cotswold district of Gloucestershire, England, about four miles south-east of Stow-on-the-Wold and six miles south-west of Chipping Norton.	Bledington	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	FIU has two major campuses in Miami Dade County, with its main campus in University Park. Florida International University is classified as a research university with high research activity by the Carnegie Foundation and a first-tier research university by the Florida Legislature.	Florida International University	University Park. Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alestan (Persian: الستان‎, also Romanized as Alestān) is a village in Estarabad Rural District, Kamalan District, Aliabad County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Alestan	Estarabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ragan-Brown Field House is a 2,500-seat multi-purpose arena located on the campus of Guilford College in Greensboro, North Carolina known for its distinctive cathedral-like wooden ceiling.	Ragan-Brown Field House	Greensboro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Solms-Braunfels was a County with Imperial immediacy in what is today the federal Land of Hesse in Germany.	Solms-Braunfels	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	The former Innis Dye Works factory is located along North Water Street in Poughkeepsie, New York, United States, on a triangular lot between the street, Fall Kill and the railroad tracks of the Metro-North Hudson Line, just across from the Mid-Hudson Children's Museum.	Innis Dye Works	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muchlarnick (Cornish: Lannergh Meur, meaning great woodland clearing) is a hamlet in Cornwall, England.	Muchlarnick	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruleville-Drew Airport (FAA LID: M37) is a public use airport in Sunflower County, Mississippi, United States.	Ruleville-Drew Airport	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ułeczki (uˈwɛt͡ʂki) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Ułeczki	Gmina Kuźnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salina High School Central, often referred to as Salina Central, is a fully accredited public high school located in Salina, Kansas, serving students in grades 9-12.	Salina High School Central	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Portland Christian Junior/Senior High School is a 6-12 private Christian school in Portland, Oregon, United States.	Portland Christian Junior/Senior High School	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Hajj Hemet Ashtari (Persian: مزرعه حاج همت اشتري‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Ḩājj Hemet Āshtarī) is a village in Eyvanki Rural District, Eyvanki District, Garmsar County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Hajj Hemet Ashtari	Eyvanki Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dritt Mansion, named after its longest occupants, and also called Pleasant Garden, and current home to the Zimmerman Center for Heritage, is a historic home located at Lower Windsor Township, York County, Pennsylvania.	Dritt Mansion	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Metlili (Arabic: متليلي‎) (also known as Metlili Chaamba) is a town and commune, and capital of Métlili District, in Ghardaïa Province, Algeria.	Metlili	Métlili District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stary Sopot (ˈstarɨ ˈsɔpɔt) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Błotnica, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stary Sopot	Gmina Stara Błotnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bannalpsee is a reservoir in the municipality of Wolfenschiessen in the Swiss canton of Nidwalden.	Bannalpsee	Nidwalden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The VI Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins Region (Spanish: VI Región del Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins), often shortened to O'Higgins Region, is one of Chile's 15 first order administrative divisions.	O'Higgins Region	Chile
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caisteal Maol (Gaelic: Caisteal, 'Castle', Maol, 'bare') is a ruined castle located near the harbour of the village of Kyleakin, Isle of Skye, Scotland.	Caisteal Maol	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dospat Municipality is a municipality in southwestern Bulgaria and is one of the municipalities in the Smolyan Province.	Dospat Municipality	Smolyan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beeskow (Lower Sorbian: Bezkow) is a town in Brandenburg, Germany, and capital of the Oder-Spree district.	Beeskow	Oder-Spree
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benedict Glacier (79°25′N 78°35′W) is a glacier on central Ellesmere Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Benedict Glacier	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cothay Manor is a grade one listed medieval house and gardens, in Stawley, near Wellington, Somerset.	Cothay Manor	Stawley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Sabz (Persian: دره سبز‎; also known as Darreh Gorg, Darreh Gurg, and Darreh-ye Gorg) is a village in Esfandan Rural District, in the Central District of Komijan County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Darreh Sabz	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charles Paddock Zoo is a small 5-acre (2.0 ha) community zoo located in San Luis Obispo County, California, in the City of Atascadero, California.	Charles Paddock Zoo	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalak-e Sar Bisheh (Persian: كلك سربيشه‎, also Romanized as Kalak-e Sar Bīsheh) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District, in the Central District of Gachsaran County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kalak-e Sar Bisheh	Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	George Bush Intercontinental Airport, (IATA: IAH, ICAO: KIAH, FAA LID: IAH) is an international airport in Houston, Texas, United States, under class B airspace, serving the Greater Houston metropolitan area, the fifth-largest metropolitan area in the United States.	George Bush Intercontinental Airport	Houston
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aymur (Persian: ايمور‎, also Romanized as Āymūr) is a village in Tashan-e Sharqi Rural District, Tashan District, Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Aymur	Tashan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Tang-e Leyshan (Persian: سرتنگ ليشن‎‎) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sar Tang-e Leyshan	Tang-e Haft Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eureka Locomotive is a privately owned steam locomotive in Las Vegas, Nevada.	Eureka Locomotive	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quynanlu Bamir (Persian: قوينانلوبامير‎, also Romanized as Qūynānlū Bāmīr, Qūnīānlū Bāmīr, and Qowynānlū-ye Bāmīr; also known as Qū’īnānlū) is a village in Golian Rural District, in the Central District of Shirvan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Quynanlu Bamir	Golian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tönning (German; Low German Tünn, Tönn or Tönnen; Danish: Tønning; North Frisian: Taning) is a town in the district of Nordfriesland in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein.	Tönning	Nordfriesland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Race House is an Italianate style house located at 3945 North Tripp Avenue in the Irving Park neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois, United States.	Race House	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Speakman No. 2, Mary Ann Pyle Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at East Fallowfield Township near Modena in Chester County, Pennsylvania.	Speakman No. 2, Mary Ann Pyle Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	River City Marketplace (RCM) is a quasi-regional outdoor shopping mall in north Jacksonville, Florida and the only one north of the St. Johns River.	River City Marketplace	Jacksonville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Recreio dos Bandeirantes (or simply Recreio) is both the name of a beach and neighborhood in the West Zone of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Recreio dos Bandeirantes	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Angurtlar-e Sofla (Persian: انگورتلارسفلي‎, also Romanized as Angūrtlār-e Soflá and Azhdarlū) is a village in Ojarud-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Angurtlar-e Sofla	Ojarud-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Max Petersen House, also known as the Petersen Mansion, is located on the west side of Davenport, Iowa, United States.	Max Petersen House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drummondville is the seat of Drummond Regional County Municipality, and of the judicial district of Drummond.	Drummondville	Drummond Regional County Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shames Mountain Ski Area is a ski resort located 35 km (22 mi) west of the city of Terrace, British Columbia, Canada.	Shames Mountain Ski Area	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huaining County (simplified Chinese: 怀宁县; traditional Chinese: 懷寧縣) is a county in Anhui Province, People's Republic of China, under the jurisdiction of Anqing City.	Huaining County	Anqing
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pound Gap of Pine Mountain is on the Virginia/Kentucky border between Jenkins, Kentucky and Pound, Virginia.	Pound Gap	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aurora College, formerly Arctic College, is a college in the Northwest Territories, Canada with campuses in Inuvik, Fort Smith and Yellowknife.	Aurora College	Northwest Territories
located in the administrative territorial entity	George Washington Community High School is a public community school located in Indianapolis, Indiana, serving grades 7-12.	George Washington Community High School	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blomidon Formation is a unit of Upper Triassic (Norian--Rhaetian) sedimentary rocks, which outcrops in Nova Scotia.	Blomidon Formation	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	WJVK is a Christian radio station in Owensboro, Kentucky which simulcasts the signal of WCVK, the flagship station of Christian Family Radio.	WJVK	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henderson City-County Airport (ICAO: KEHR, FAA LID: EHR) is a public use airport located four nautical miles (7 km) west of the central business district of Henderson, a city in Henderson County, Kentucky, United States.	Henderson City-County Airport	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beita District (simplified Chinese: 北塔区; traditional Chinese: 北塔區; pinyin: Běitǎ Qū) is one of three urban districts of Shaoyang, Hunan province, China, situated on the western (left) bank of the Zi River.	Beita District	Shaoyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Book of Mormon Historic Publication Site is a historic site located in the village of Palmyra, Wayne County, New York, United States.	Book of Mormon Historic Publication Site	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Little Dead Diamond River is a 7.1 mile long (11.4 km) river in northern New Hampshire in the United States.	Little Dead Diamond River	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budkowo (butˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Budkowo	Gmina Drobin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Death Canyon is located in Grand Teton National Park, in the U.S. state of Wyoming.	Death Canyon	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh-ye Cheragh Ali (Persian: چشمه چراغعلي‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Cherāgh ``Alī) is a village in Robat Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 41, in 8 families.	Cheshmeh-ye Cheragh Ali	Robat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steblewo (stɛˈblɛvɔ) (German Stüblau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchy Dąb, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Steblewo	Gmina Suchy Dąb
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aldo Santaga Stadium is a soccer-specific stadium in Green Bay, Wisconsin, on the campus of the University of Wisconsin--	Aldo Santaga Stadium	Green Bay
located in the administrative territorial entity	Casa Amadeo, antigua Casa Hernandez is a historic apartment building containing a noted record shop located in the Longwood section of The Bronx, New York, New York.	Casa Amadeo, antigua Casa Hernandez	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	2GZ (call sign: 2OAG) is an Australian radio station, licensed to Orange, New South Wales.	2GZ	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pihlajisto (Finnish), Rönninge (Swedish) is a northern-central quarter in Helsinki, the capital of Finland.	Pihlajisto	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Straffordville Airport, (TC LID: CNS6), was located 2.5 nautical miles (4.6 km; 2.9 mi) southwest of Straffordville, Ontario, Canada.	Straffordville Airport	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John W. Day House, also known as the Day-Dittman House, is a private residential structure located at 4985 Dryden Road in Dryden Township in southern Lapeer County, Michigan.	John W. Day House	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niedźwiadka (ɲed͡ʑˈvjatka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stanin, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Niedźwiadka	Gmina Stanin
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Carlos Correctional Facility (SCCF) is a maximum security facility on the campus of the Colorado Mental Health Institute in Pueblo, Colorado.	San Carlos Correctional Facility	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chamanak (Persian: چمانك‎, also Romanized as Chamānak) is a village in Qahan Rural District, Khalajastan District, Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Chamanak	Qahan Rural District	Qom Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nesar-e Ebrahim (Persian: نسارابراهيم‎, also Romanized as Nesār-e Ebrāhīm; also known as Nesār) is a village in Zaz-e Gharbi Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Nesar-e Ebrahim	Zaz-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Central Freeway is a roughly one-mile (1.5 km) elevated freeway in San Francisco, California, United States, connecting the Bayshore/James Lick Freeway (US 101 and I-80) with the Hayes Valley neighborhood.	Central Freeway	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Byers Canyon is a short gorge on the upper Colorado River in Grand County, Colorado in the United States.	Byers Canyon	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahtutabad (Persian: محطوط اباد‎, also Romanized as Maḩţūţābād; also known as Maţūţābād) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mahtutabad	Mohammadabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Little Snowy Mountains are a small mountain range in central Montana about 25 miles (40 km) southeast of Lewistown.	Little Snowy Mountains	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bardstown Historical Museum is a museum of local history in Bardstown, Kentucky, USA, that is located in Spalding Hall, along with the Oscar Getz Museum of Whiskey History.	Bardstown Historical Museum	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stojewsko (stɔˈjɛfskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasocin, within Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Stojewsko	Gmina Krasocin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lawrenceville High School is a 9th--12th grade high school located in Lawrenceville, Illinois.	Lawrenceville High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pathan Kot (Urdu: ‎) is the town of Bhawana City, which is a tehsil of Chiniot a city in Punjab, Pakistan.	Pathan Kot	Chiniot
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chevithorne (grid reference SS9715) is a small village near Tiverton, Devon.	Chevithorne	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hovenweep National Monument is located on land in southwestern Colorado and southeastern Utah, between Cortez, Colorado and Blanding, Utah on the Cajon Mesa of the Great Sage Plain.	Hovenweep National Monument	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chociszewko (xɔt͡ɕiˈʂɛfkɔ) (German: Tannenhof) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Skoki, within Wągrowiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Chociszewko	Gmina Skoki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manjakkudi is a village on the banks of Kaveri river in Tiruvarur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Manjakkudi	Tiruvarur district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szachowo (ʂaˈxɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegowo, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Szachowo	Gmina Strzegowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ap Tan Pai (Chinese: 鴨蛋排) is a small island in the New Territories of Hong Kong.	Ap Tan Pai	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gashun (Persian: گشون‎‎, also Romanized as Gashūn) is a village in Godeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Gashun	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bethany Chapel (Hamburg Presbyterian Church) is a historic chapel at 103 Hamburg Turnpike in Hamburg, Sussex County, New Jersey, United States.	Bethany Chapel	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pirmand (Persian: پيرمند‎, also Romanized as Pīrmand) is a village in Shenetal Rural District, Kuhsar District, Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Pirmand	Shenetal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jazireh-ye Shomali (Persian: جزيره شمالي‎, also Romanized as Jazīreh-ye Shomālī; also known as Jahreh, Jalīreh, Jazire, and Jazīreh) is a village in Rudhaleh Rural District, Rig District, Ganaveh County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Jazireh-ye Shomali	Rudhaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Casperkill (also known as Jan Casper's Kill and shown on federal maps as Casper Creek) is a creek in both the town and city of Poughkeepsie, Dutchess County, New York.	Casperkill	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rawlins Municipal Airport (IATA: RWL, ICAO: KRWL, FAA LID: RWL) (Harvey Field) is a public airport two miles (3 km) northeast of Rawlins, in Carbon County, Wyoming.	Rawlins Municipal Airport	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budki Łochowskie (ˈbutki wɔˈxɔfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelechlinek, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Budki Łochowskie	Gmina Żelechlinek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tanygrisiau is a village and area within Blaenau Ffestiniog in the upper end of the Vale of Ffestiniog in the county of Gwynedd, north-west Wales (52°59′12``N 3°57′25''W).	Tanygrisiau	Gwynedd	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	McMurry University, founded in 1923, is a private co-educational university in Abilene, Texas, United States.	McMurry University	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Muran (Persian: سرموران‎, also Romanized as Sar Mūrān; also known as Sar Mārān) is a village in Maskun Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sar Muran	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harrah's Cherokee Casino Resort is a casino and hotel on the Qualla Boundary in Cherokee, North Carolina.	Harrah's Cherokee	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	WYRK is a country music formatted radio station located in Buffalo, New York.	WYRK	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	According to the Gazetteer of 2009, the population was 7,346 in El Entrego and the combined population within the parish of Linares was 9,177.	El Entrego	Linares
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shrigonda is an old city and a municipal council in Ahmednagar district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.	Shrigonda	Ahmednagar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McLean County Courthouse and Square is located in downtown Bloomington, Illinois.	McLean County Courthouse and Square	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Valley Plaza Mall is a major retail shopping mall in Bakersfield, California.	Valley Plaza Mall	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anupparpalayam is famous and ranks top in production of utensils, handicrafts products for households, temples, hotels and other needs in Tamil Nadu.	Anupparpalayam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łubia (ˈwubja) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastkowo, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Łubia	Gmina Miastkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rusków (ˈruskuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Platerów, within Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rusków	Gmina Platerów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dexter Cabin was the Leadville, Colorado home and hunting lodge of James V. Dexter, a mining investor and businessman.	Dexter Cabin	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Visitor Center was an ill-fated attempt to repurpose Washington, D.C.'s Union Station as an information center for tourists visiting the United States Capitol and other Washington attractions.	National Visitor Center	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warracknabeal Airport (IATA: WKB, ICAO: YWKB) is located about 5 nautical miles (9.3 km; 5.8 mi) south of Warracknabeal, Victoria, Australia on the Henty Highway towards Horsham.	Warracknabeal Airport	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waingmaw Township (Burmese: ဝိုင်းမော်မြို့နယ်) is a township of Myitkyina District in the Kachin State of Burma.	Waingmaw Township	Myitkyina District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ldzań (ld͡zaɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroń, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Ldzań	Gmina Dobroń
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monts d'Arrée are an ancient mountain range in western Brittany which forms part of the Armorican massif.	Monts d'Arrée	Brittany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weiskittel-Roehle Burial Vault is a historic burial vault located in Section P, Loudon Park Cemetery, Baltimore, Maryland.	Weiskittel-Roehle Burial Vault	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aalto-Hochhaus is a 22-floor high-rise apartment building in Bremen, Germany, designed by Alvar Aalto.	Aalto-Hochhaus	Bremen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seaborough is a small village and civil parish in the county of Dorset in southwest England.	Seaborough	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	CFVD-FM is a French language hot adult contemporary radio station that operates at 95.5 FM in Dégelis, Quebec, Canada.	CFVD-FM	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Triad Center is a complex of office buildings in downtown Salt Lake City, Utah.	Triad Center	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boat of Garten (Scottish Gaelic: Coit a' Ghartain; originally: Garten) is a small village and post town in Badenoch and Strathspey, Highland, Scotland.	Boat of Garten	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Casula Powerhouse is located in Casula, New South Wales, Australia, on the banks of the George's River within the City of Liverpool.	Casula Powerhouse	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walter Murray Collegiate Institute, also known as Walter Murray Collegiate and WMCI, is a high school serving grades 9 to 12, located in south-eastern Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.	Walter Murray Collegiate Institute	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marcinowa Wola (mart͡ɕiˈnɔva ˈvɔla) (German Marczinawolla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłki, within Giżycko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Marcinowa Wola	Gmina Miłki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arana Gulch is a creek and landform that forms part of the southeastern boundary of the city of Santa Cruz, California.	Arana Gulch	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Garza County Historical Museum houses a large collection of mostly ranch, cowboy, Indian, and pioneer artifacts located in a 1912 two-story colonial-style building of twenty-six rooms and hallways in Post, Texas, a community established by and named for the cereal magnate C. W. Post.	Garza County Historical Museum	Post
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eslamabad-e Khalaj (Persian: اسلام ابادخلج‎, also Romanized as Eslāmābād-e Khalaj) is a village in Pain Rokh Rural District, Jolgeh Rokh District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Eslamabad-e Khalaj	Pain Rokh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashworth Hospital is a high-security psychiatric hospital at Maghull, in the Metropolitan Borough of Sefton in Merseyside, England.	Ashworth Hospital	Maghull
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marzalat (Persian: مرزلات‎, also Romanized as Marzalāt) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Marzalat	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sathyamangalam (also known as Sathy) is a town and municipality in Erode district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Sathyamangalam	Erode district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strzyboga (stʂɨˈbɔɡa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Strzyboga	Gmina Nowy Kawęczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kabgian District (Persian: بخش کبگیان‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kabgian District	Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tapin Tops National Park is an 11,000 hectares (27,000 acres) national park that is located in the Upper Hunter and Mid North Coast regions of New South Wales, Australia.	Tapin Tops National Park	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kurza Góra (ˈkuʐa ˈɡura) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościan, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kurza Góra	Gmina Kościan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agassiz Peak is the second-highest mountain in the U.S. state of Arizona at 12,360 feet (3,767 m).	Agassiz Peak	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crystal Springs Fountain is a historic roadside fountain along old U.S. Route 10 near Crystal Springs, North Dakota.	Crystal Springs Fountain	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northland Shopping Centre is a major shopping centre in East Preston, approximately 11 km north of the Melbourne Central Business District in Victoria.	Northland Shopping Centre	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Summer Palace (Chinese: 颐和园; pinyin: Yíhéyuán), is a vast ensemble of lakes, gardens and palaces in Beijing, China.	Summer Palace	Beijing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fletcher Place is a historic district and neighborhood in the city of Indianapolis, Indiana.	Fletcher Place	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nimmitabel is a small town in the Monaro region in southeast New South Wales, Australia, in the Cooma-Monaro Shire local government area.	Nimmitabel	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kesmat (Persian: كسمت‎‎) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kesmat	Sepiddasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Takapoto Airport is an airport on Takapoto in French Polynesia (IATA: TKP, ICAO: NTGT).	Takapoto Airport	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prosienica (prɔɕeˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Mazowiecka, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Prosienica	Gmina Ostrów Mazowiecka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajji Qareh (Persian: حاجي قره‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Qareh; also known as Ḩājjī Qūsh) is a village in Gorganbuy Rural District, in the Central District of Aqqala County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Hajji Qareh	Gorganbuy Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podleńce (pɔdˈlɛɲt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyniewo Duże, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Podleńce	Gmina Dobrzyniewo Duże
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William J. Graham House, at 548 California Ave. in Reno, Nevada, United States, is a historic Tudor Revival house that was built in 1928.	William J. Graham House	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Astalak (Persian: اصطلك‎) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District, Kuhin District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Astalak	Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baggetorp is a bimunicipal locality situated in Katrineholm Municipality and Vingåker Municipality in Södermanland County, Sweden with 502 inhabitants in 2010.	Baggetorp	Katrineholm Municipality	Vingåker Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hartevatnet or Hartevatn is a lake in the municipality of Bykle in Aust-Agder county, Norway.	Hartevatnet	Bykle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Wolańska (kɔˈlɔɲa vɔˈlaɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kolonia Wolańska	Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jarzynny Kierz (jaˈʐɨnnɨ ˈkʲɛʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jarzynny Kierz	Gmina Chorzele
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 1528 (FM 1528) is a farm-to-market road located in the western and central portions of Delta County in the U.S. state of Texas.	Farm to Market Road 1528	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Platteville Atmospheric Observatory located near Platteville, Colorado was one of the first major ionospheric heaters in the world.	Platteville Atmospheric Observatory	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liguria Bakery is a bakery in North Beach, San Francisco, California that sells only focaccia.	Liguria Bakery	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kunowa (kuˈnɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skołyszyn, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Kunowa	Gmina Skołyszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llívia (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈʎiβiə)) is a town in the comarca of Cerdanya, province of Girona, Catalonia, Spain.	Llívia	Cerdanya
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Baraber (Persian: ده برابر‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Barāber) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District, in the Central District of Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Deh-e Baraber	Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bryn Arvon and Gwyn Arvon are two historic homes located at Arvonia, Buckingham County, Virginia.	Bryn Arvon and Gwyn Arvon	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pluckemin Continental Artillery Cantonment Site in Pluckemin, New Jersey, at the southern section of Bedminster Township, New Jersey, holds historic American Revolutionary War importance as the Continental Army's artillery winter cantonment during the winter of 1778--79.	Pluckemin Continental Artillery Cantonment Site	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishop Eustace Preparatory School is a coeducational private high school in Pennsauken Township, New Jersey, which was founded in 1954 by the priests and brothers of the Society of the Catholic Apostolate (The Pallottines).	Bishop Eustace Preparatory School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thinkery (formerly the Austin Children's Museum) is a children's museum in Austin, Texas.	Thinkery	Austin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonnybank is a small village in the Levenmouth area of Fife, approximately 2 miles north of Leven and situated on the main road (A916) between Kennoway and Cupar.	Bonnybank	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fish Springs National Wildlife Refuge is located at the southern end of the Great Salt Lake Desert, part of the Great Basin in Juab County, Utah.	Fish Springs National Wildlife Refuge	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fedeshk (Persian: فدشك‎, also Romanized as Fadeshk and Fidishk) is a village in Khusf Rural District, Central District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Fedeshk	Khusf Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deviock is a coastal civil parish in south-east Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Deviock	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Casa De Josefina (also known as the Irwin Arthur Yarnell House) is a historic home near Lake Wales, Florida.	Casa De Josefina	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jegi-dong Station is station #125 on Line 1 of the Seoul Subway network.	Jegi-dong Station	Seoul
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shakopee Bridge is a 4-lane vehicular bridge crossing the Minnesota River between Chanhassen and downtown Shakopee.	Shakopee Bridge	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karingari is a small serene village near Tharuvana in Vellamunda panchayath, Mananthavady area, Wayanad, Kerala, India.	Karingari	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duleh Zamin (Persian: دوله زمين‎, also Romanized as Dūleh Zamīn; also known as Dūlā Zamīn) is a village in Kharajgil Rural District, Asalem District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Duleh Zamin	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vezq (Persian: وزق‎, also Romanized as Vazaq, Wazak, and Wezk) is a village in Sedeh Rural District, Sedeh District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Vezq	Sedeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wrzeszcz (pronounced (ˈvʒɛʃt͡ʃ), German: Langfuhr; Kashubian: Wrzészcz) is one of the boroughs of the Northern Polish city of Gdańsk.	Wrzeszcz	Gdańsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Methven Castle is a 17th-century house situated east of Methven, in Perth and Kinross, Scotland.	Methven Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Allegheny Senior High School (NASH) is a suburban high school in the North Allegheny School District and is located in Wexford, Pennsylvania, a northern suburb of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	North Allegheny Senior High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brickyard Cove is a body of water in the Brickyard Cove neighborhood of the Point Richmond area of Richmond, California.	Brickyard Cove	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łopacianka (wɔpaˈt͡ɕaŋka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borowie, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Łopacianka	Gmina Borowie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sebago Lake State Park is a state-operated, public recreation area on the north shore of Sebago Lake in the towns of Naples and Casco, Cumberland County, Maine.	Sebago Lake State Park	Cumberland County	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Province of Agrigento (Italian: Provincia di Agrigento; Sicilian: Pruvincia di Girgenti) is a province in the autonomous island region of Sicily in Italy, situated on its south-western coast.	Province of Agrigento	Sicily
located in the administrative territorial entity	Casa Italiana is a building of Columbia University located at 1161 Amsterdam Avenue between West 116th and 118th Streets in the Morningside Heights neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City, which houses the university's Italian Academy for Advanced Studies.	Casa Italiana	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dąbkowice Dolne (dɔmpkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈdɔlnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Dąbkowice Dolne	Gmina Łowicz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mõigu is a subdistrict of the district of Kesklinn (Town Center) in Tallinn, the capital of Estonia.	Mõigu	Tallinn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Redvers is a town in southeastern Saskatchewan, Canada.	Redvers	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Auce ( pronunciation ; German: Alt-Autz) is a town in southern Latvia near the Lithuanian border.	Auce	Latvia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Myland (also called ``Mile End'') is a civil parish in Essex, England.	Myland	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vale of Avoca is the name of a deep ravine and of a large viaduct which carries St. Clair Avenue East over the ravine, both within the city of Toronto.	Vale of Avoca	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qinghemen District (simplified Chinese: 清河门区; traditional Chinese: 清河門區; pinyin: Qīnghémén Qū) is a district of Fuxin City, Liaoning province, People's Republic of China.	Qinghemen District	Fuxin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cugnasco is a village in the municipality Cugnasco-Gerra of the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.	Cugnasco	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Théâtre Marigny is a theatre in Paris, situated near the junction of the Champs-Élysées and the Avenue Marigny in the 8th arrondissement.	Théâtre Marigny	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Butler Hospital is a private, non-profit, psychiatric and substance abuse hospital for children, adolescents, adults, and seniors, located at 345 Blackstone Boulevard in Providence, Rhode Island.	Butler Hospital	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Juyjan (Persian: جويجان‎, also Romanized as Jūyjān) is a village in Jowzar Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Juyjan	Jowzar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Moon is a lightly timbered, dome-shaped mountain in South East Queensland, Australia.	Mount Moon	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grądki Dolne (ˈɡrɔntki ˈdɔlnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebielino, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Grądki Dolne	Gmina Trzebielino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sawgrass Mills is a shopping mall operated by the Simon Property Group, in Sunrise, Florida, a city in Broward County.	Sawgrass Mills	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nygut (ˈnɨɡut) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Skarszewy, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nygut	Gmina Skarszewy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Centre hospitalier universitaire de Québec (CHUQ) is a network of three teaching hospitals affiliated with the medical school of Université Laval and several specialized institutions in Quebec City.	Centre hospitalier universitaire de Québec	Quebec City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowd-e Giru (Persian: گودگيرو‎, also Romanized as Gowd-e Gīrū) is a village in Gughar Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gowd-e Giru	Gughar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hale-Elmore-Seibels House or Seibels House is a historic building located in Columbia, South Carolina.	Hale-Elmore-Seibels House	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dreieich-Buchschlag station is on the Rhine-Main S-Bahn in the town of Dreieich in the German state of Hesse.	Dreieich-Buchschlag station	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	KMKS (102.5 FM known as ``Hot Country 102.5'') serves Bay City, Texas and the region south of Houston.	KMKS	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hales Corners Lutheran Church, located in Hales Corners, Wisconsin, is the largest congregation in the Lutheran Church - Missouri Synod, with well over 9000 members.	Hales Corners Lutheran Church	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Great Slave Lake (French: Grand lac des Esclaves) is the second-largest lake in the Northwest Territories of Canada (after Great Bear Lake), the deepest lake in North America at 614 metres (336 fathoms; 2,014 ft), and the tenth-largest lake in the world.	Great Slave Lake	Northwest Territories
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tyers Valley Tramway was a 2 ft 6 in (762 mm) narrow gauge timber tramway built by the Forests Commission of Victoria to exploit timber resources on the slopes of Mount Baw Baw, Victoria.	Tyers Valley Tramway	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tartine is a bakery in San Francisco, California, located in the Mission District, at 600 Guerrero Street (at 18th Street).	Tartine	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Watoga State Park is the largest of West Virginia's state parks, covering slightly over 10,100 acres (41 km2).	Watoga State Park	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Royal Sunset High School is a continuation high school in Hayward, California, United States, and is part of the San Lorenzo Unified School District.	Royal Sunset High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Central Village Historic District is a historic district in the Central Village area of Plainfield, Connecticut that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1991.	Central Village Historic District	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The David Davis Mansion, also known as Clover Lawn, is a Victorian home in Bloomington, Illinois that was the residence of David Davis, Supreme Court justice (1862--1877) and Senator from Illinois.	David Davis Mansion	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buckner Glacier is located on the south slope of Buckner Mountain, North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington.	Buckner Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Korzęcin (kɔˈʐɛnt͡ɕin) (German: Körtenthin; until 1937: Cörtenthin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolin, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Korzęcin	Gmina Wolin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The D. H. Regan House at 507 S. DeLeon in Victoria, Texas, United States, is an Italianate architecture home designed by architect Jules Leffland.	D. H. Regan House	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh-e Bazm (Persian: باغ بزم‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Bazm, Bagh Bazm, and Bāgh-i-Bazm; also known as Bāgh-e Vaz) is a village in Mashiz Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Bazm	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Geraldton (Greenstone Regional) Airport, (IATA: YGQ, ICAO: CYGQ), is located 3 nautical miles (5.6 km; 3.5 mi) north of Geraldton, Ontario, Canada.	Geraldton (Greenstone Regional) Airport	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tall-e Sabz (Persian: تل سبز‎) is a village in Dadin Rural District, Jereh and Baladeh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tall-e Sabz	Dadin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dastak-e Sofla (Persian: دستك سفلي‎, also Romanized as Dastak-e Soflá; also known as Boneh Dastak) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sarpol Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Dastak-e Sofla	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lower Sunday River School is an historic school on Sunday River Road, just north of its junction with Skiway Road, in Newry, Maine.	Lower Sunday River School	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budy Krępskie (ˈbudɨ ˈkrɛmpskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaskarzew, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Budy Krępskie	Gmina Łaskarzew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tai A Chau (Chinese: 大鴉洲) is an uninhabited island of Hong Kong, part of the Soko Islands group, located south of Lantau Island.	Tai A Chau	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Francis Xavier Roman Catholic Parish Complex is a historic former Roman Catholic church complex located in Buffalo in Erie County, New York.	St. Francis Xavier Roman Catholic Parish Complex	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guldensporen Stadion (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈʝʏl.də(n).ˌspʊː.rə(n) ˈstaː.di.ˌjɔn)) is a multi-use stadium in Kortrijk, Belgium.	Guldensporen Stadion	Kortrijk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pine Grove Community Club is a historic community club located at the junction of 1500N and 1300E north-northwest of Paris, Illinois.	Pine Grove Community Club	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kot Hasan Khan, Punjab, Pakistan (Urdu: Kot Hasan Khan ‎) is a village of Hafizabad District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Kot Hasan Khan	Hafizabad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarvedan (Persian: سرودان‎, also Romanized as Sarvedān; also known as Sar Dūn, Sar-e Dūn, Sarv Dān, and Sarverān) is a village in Hotkan Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sarvedan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hua County or Huaxian (滑县) is a county under Anyang municipality, Henan, China.	Hua County	Anyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cacapon Mountain (/kəˈkeɪpən/ kə-KAY-pən) runs northwest through Morgan and Hampshire counties in West Virginia's Eastern Panhandle, rising to its greatest elevation of 2,618 feet (798 m) above sea-level at High Point.	Cacapon Mountain	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sohra Jannatabad (Persian: صحراجنت اباد‎, also Romanized as Şoḩrā Jannatābād) is a village in Karkevand Rural District, in the Central District of Mobarakeh County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Sohra Jannatabad	Karkevand Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barat Academy is an independent, religious college preparatory school, in Chesterfield, Missouri for grades 9-12.	Barat Academy	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westfield Southcenter, formerly known as Southcenter Mall, is a shopping mall located in Tukwila, Washington, USA and owned by the Westfield Group.	Westfield Southcenter	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dowiaciszki (dɔvjaˈt͡ɕiʂki), (Lithuanian: Dievetiškė), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Dowiaciszki	Gmina Puńsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Saint-Louis-en-l'Île Church (lit. ``St. Louis on the Island''), is a Catholic church located on Île Saint-Louis in the 4th arrondissement of Paris, France.	Saint-Louis-en-l'Île	4th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Włodzice Małe (vwɔˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ) (German: Wenig Walditz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek Śląski, within Lwówek Śląski County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Włodzice Małe	Gmina Lwówek Śląski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skajboty (skai̯ˈbɔtɨ) (German: Skaibotten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Skajboty	Gmina Barczewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Star Hill AME Church, also known as Star of the East Church, is a historic African Methodist Episcopal (AME) church building and cemetery located in Dover, Delaware near Camden, Kent County, Delaware.	Star Hill AME Church	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balzers is a town and community located in southern Liechtenstein.	Balzers	Liechtenstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nallamada is a mandal in Anantapur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Nallamada	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Treytorrens (Lavaux) is a village in the commune of Puidoux in the district of Lavaux and is located in the canton of Vaud.	Treytorrens (Lavaux)	Puidoux
located in the administrative territorial entity	Twin Cities FM (call sign: 6TCR), currently known on-air as 89-7, is a community radio station, broadcasting in Perth, Western Australia.	Twin Cities FM	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tall Boland (Persian: تل بلند‎) is a village in Mahur Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tall Boland	Mahur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuchek-e Sofla (Persian: كوچك سفلي‎, also Romanized as Kūchek-e Soflá; also known as Kūchek-e Pā'īn) is a village in Sara Rural District, in the Central District of Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kuchek-e Sofla	Kurdistan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nankai University (NKU; simplified Chinese: 南开大学; traditional Chinese: 南開大學; pinyin: Nánkāi Dàxué), is a public research university located in Tianjin, China.	Nankai University	Tianjin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonham Strand (Chinese: 文咸街) is a combination of two streets in Sheung Wan, Hong Kong:	Bonham Strand	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Franciscan School of Theology (FST) is a Roman Catholic graduate theological school, located at the Mission San Luis Rey de Francia in Oceanside, northern San Diego County, California It is owned and operated by the Province of Saint Barbara of the Order of Friars Minor.	Franciscan School of Theology	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	KVSC 88.1 FM in Saint Cloud, Minnesota is part of Minnesota's Independent Public Radio network.	KVSC	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gąsówka-Oleksin (ɡɔ̃ˈsufka ɔˈlɛkɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapy, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Gąsówka-Oleksin	Gmina Łapy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ritya postcode 5370 is a village in Dryanovo Municipality, in Gabrovo Province, in northern central Bulgaria.	Ritya	Dryanovo Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kethanur is a small Indian village situated in Tirupur District, Tamil Nadu.	Kethanur	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The road is called the Hume Freeway in Victoria, the Hume Motorway between Prestons and Berrima, New South Wales, and the Hume Highway elsewhere in New South Wales.	Hume Highway	Victoria	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wolvercote Cemetery is a cemetery in the parish of Wolvercote, Oxford, England.	Wolvercote Cemetery	Oxford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mănăstireni (Hungarian: Magyargyerőmonostor; German: Ungarisch-Deutschklosterdorf) is a commune in Cluj County, Romania, located on the Căpuș River.	Mănăstireni	Cluj County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edmonton/Twin Island Airpark, (TC LID: CEE6), also known as Twin Island Air Park, is located 12 nautical miles (22 km; 14 mi) southeast of Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Edmonton/Twin Island Airpark	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panj Peykar (Persian: پنج پيكر‎, also Romanized as Bāsh Ushka, Bash Ūshtā, Beshūrādeh, Beshūsqeh, Besh Yūsqeh, and Panj Beykar) is a village in Jafarbay-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Torkaman County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Panj Peykar	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sulkapara (Bengali: শুল্কপাড়া) (Nepali: सोलखापाड़ा) is a village under Nagrakata (Community development block) in the Dooars Region of Jalpaiguri district in West Bengal, India.	Sulkapara	West Bengal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jyamire, Okhaldhunga is a market in Siddhicharan Municipality in Okhaldhunga District in the Sagarmatha Zone of mid-eastern Nepal.	Jyamire, Okhaldhunga	Okhaldhunga District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parekklisia (Greek: Παρεκκλησιά (locally (parekliˈʃa))) is a town in the Limassol District of Cyprus, located northeast of Agios Tychonas.	Parekklisia	Limassol District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hluhluwe River originates in the Hluhluwe Game Reserve, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.	Hluhluwe River	KwaZulu-Natal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ochraniew (ɔˈxraɲef) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduńska Wola, within Zduńska Wola County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Ochraniew	Gmina Zduńska Wola
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de la Roche is a ruined castle situated in the commune of Bellefosse in the Bas-Rhin département in Alsace, France.	Château de la Roche	Bellefosse
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Söse Dam is a dam in the Lower Saxon part of the Harz mountains near Osterode in the German state of Lower Saxony.	Söse Dam	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bircham Tofts is one of the three villages that make up the civil parish of Bircham, in the west of the English county of Norfolk.	Bircham Tofts	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	One London Place is an office tower in London, Ontario, Canada.	One London Place	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Protestant Children's Home, also known as the Protestant Orphans' Asylum, is a historic orphanage building in Mobile, Alabama, United States.	Protestant Children's Home	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palácio de Ferro (English: Iron Palace) is a historical building in the Angolan capital Luanda, believed to be designed and built by -- or by someone associated with --	Palácio de Ferro	Luanda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jegh Jegh (Persian: جغ جغ‎; also known as Jīgh Jīgh) is a village in Chenaran Rural District, in the Central District of Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jegh Jegh	Chenaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tulir (Persian: تولير‎, also Romanized as Tūlīr and Towlīr) is a village in Ojarud-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Tulir	Ojarud-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Shahi (Persian: ده شاهي‎, also Romanized as Deh Shāhī) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Deh Shahi	Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lacona Clock Tower is a historic clock tower located at Lacona in Oswego County, New York.	Lacona Clock Tower	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warsash is in the borough of Fareham, and is part of the Fareham parliamentary constituency.	Warsash	Fareham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łowcza-Kolonia (ˈwɔft͡ʂa kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Łowcza-Kolonia	Gmina Sawin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Des Moines International Airport (IATA: DSM, ICAO: KDSM, FAA LID: DSM) is a civil-military public airport three miles southwest of Des Moines, in Polk County, Iowa.	Des Moines International Airport	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Villa della Regina is a palace in the city of Turin, Italy.	Villa della Regina	Turin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vassar-Warner Row is a set of historic homes located at Poughkeepsie, Dutchess County, New York.	Vassar-Warner Row	New York
manufacturer	The AGM-129 ACM (Advanced Cruise Missile) was a low-observable, subsonic, turbofan-powered, air-launched cruise missile originally designed and built by General Dynamics and eventually acquired by Raytheon Missile Systems.	AGM-129 ACM	General Dynamics
manufacturer	The EAM Nuvolari S1 is a limited production car announced in 1990 by the Munich-based company Edelsbrunner Automobile München.	EAM Nuvolari S1	Edelsbrunner Automobile München
manufacturer	The Hino Liesse II is a rebadged Toyota Coaster.	Hino Liesse	Toyota
manufacturer	The EE-11 Urutu is a combat proven 6x6 armored personnel carrier developed by Engesa of Brazil.	EE-11 Urutu	Engesa
manufacturer	The Remington Model 341 is a bolt-action rifle designed and built by Remington Arms for four years prior to WWII.	Remington Model 341	Remington Arms
manufacturer	MAZ-504 is a Soviet truck, manufactured at the Minsk Automobile Plant.	MAZ-504	Minsk Automobile Plant
manufacturer	The Colt Canada C7 rifle is a Canadian assault rifle, manufactured by Colt Canada (formerly Diemaco prior to 2005), a variant of the Armalite AR-15, and having similar design and function to the Colt M16A3.	Colt Canada C7 rifle	Diemaco
manufacturer	The Lada Niva or VAZ-2121 (Russian: Лада Нива; Niva (нива) is the Russian word for ``crop field'') is an off-road vehicle produced by the Russian (former Soviet) manufacturer AvtoVAZ.	Lada Niva	AvtoVAZ
manufacturer	VAXmate was an IBM PC/AT compatible personal computer introduced by Digital Equipment Corporation in September, 1986.	VAXmate	Digital Equipment Corporation
manufacturer	The Chevrolet Opala was a mid-size car sold under the Chevrolet brand in South America from 1969 to 1992, by General Motors do Brasil.	Chevrolet Opala	General Motors
manufacturer	British Rail Class D3/5 was a shunting locomotive built by British Rail at their Darlington Works in England.	British Rail Class D3/5	Darlington Works
manufacturer	The Marlin Model 780 is a .22 bolt-action rifle produced by Marlin Firearms Company of North Haven, Connecticut.	Marlin Model 780	Marlin Firearms
member of political party	Babulal Gaur Yadav (born June 2, 1930) is an Indian politician from Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).	Babulal Gaur	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Ingalill Olsen (born 15 December 1955) is a Norwegian politician for the Norwegian Labour Party (Arbeiderpartiet).	Ingalill Olsen	Norwegian Labour Party
member of political party	Peter Althin, (born November 6, 1941 in Lund, Skåne, Sweden) is a Swedish attorney and politician and a member of the Swedish parliament for the Christian Democrats from 2002 to 2007.	Peter Althin	Christian Democrats
member of political party	Arne Rettedal (25 July 1926 -- 28 December 2001) was Norwegian engineer, businessperson and politician for the Conservative Party.	Arne Rettedal	Conservative Party
member of political party	Lalji Tandon (born 12 April 1935) is an Indian politician from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), known as a protege of Atal Bihari Vajpayee.	Lalji Tandon	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Sir Rudolph Dymoke White, 2nd Baronet (11 June 1888 -- 25 May 1968) was a Conservative Party politician in England who served as Member of Parliament (MP) for Fareham in Hampshire from 1939 to 1950.	Dymoke White	Conservative Party
member of political party	Brij Bhushan Mehra was speaker of Punjab Legislative Assembly and a leader of Indian National Congress.	Brij Bhushan Mehra	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Stanley Burgess (born 1889) was a Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom.	Stanley Burgess	Labour Party
member of political party	Marco Schank (born 10 October 1954 in Ettelbruck) is a Luxembourgian politician for the Christian Social People's Party (CSV) and author.	Marco Schank	Christian Social People's Party
member of political party	Rached Ghannouchi (Arabic: راشد الغنوشي‎ Rāshid al-Ghannūshī; born 1941), also spelled Rachid al-Ghannouchi or Rached el-Ghannouchi, is a Tunisian politician, co-founder of the Ennahda Movement and serving as its ``intellectual leader''.	Rached Ghannouchi	Ennahda Movement
member of political party	Diego Fernández de Cevallos Ramos (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈdjeɣo ferˈnandez ðeseˈβaʝos); born 16 March 1941) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the conservative National Action Party (PAN).	Diego Fernández de Cevallos	National Action Party
member of political party	Ivana Maletić (born 12 October 1973 in Šibenik) is a Croatian Democratic Union politician who currently serves as Member of the European Parliament.	Ivana Maletić	Croatian Democratic Union
member of political party	Anfinn Kallsberg (born 19 November 1947 in Klaksvík, Faroe Islands) is a Faroese politician, former prime minister, and the former leader of the People's Party (Faroese: 'Fólkaflokkurin').	Anfinn Kallsberg	People's Party
member of political party	Giuseppe Bagnera (10 July 1878, Palermo - 12 September 1953) was an Italian politician belonging to the Christian Democracy.	Giuseppe Bagnera	Christian Democracy
member of political party	Guillermo Martínez Nolasco (born 21 August 1939) is a Mexican retired general and politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party.	Guillermo Martínez Nolasco	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Dr. Márta Mátrai (born February 22, 1948) is a Hungarian jurist and politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) from Fidesz Somogy County Regional List since 1998.	Márta Mátrai	Fidesz
member of political party	Sukh Ram is a former union communications minister in Indian National Congress Government.	Sukh Ram	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Raj Bahadur was a leader of Indian National Congress and a minister in the Indian government.	Raj Bahadur	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Robert M. Gordon (born July 3, 1950) is an American Democratic Party politician who has served in the New Jersey Senate since January 8, 2008, where he represents the 38th Legislative District.	Robert M. Gordon	Democratic Party
member of political party	Katina Schubert (born December 28, 1961), is a German politician who has been one of four deputy chairmen of the German socialist party Die Linke (``The Left'') since 2007.	Katina Schubert	The Left
member of political party	Sheryll Murray (born 4 February 1956, Millbrook, Cornwall, United Kingdom) is a Conservative Party politician.	Sheryll Murray	Conservative Party
member of political party	Scott McKay (born December 2, 1960) is a Canadian politician, who served as a former leader of the Green Party of Quebec and a former Montreal council member.	Scott McKay	Green Party of Quebec
member of political party	Kjell Erfjord (born 24 July 1940) is a Norwegian former educator and politician for the Christian Democratic Party.	Kjell Erfjord	Christian Democratic Party
member of political party	Sheila Gilmore (born 1 October 1949) is a British Labour Party politician, who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Edinburgh East from 2010 to 2015.	Sheila Gilmore	Labour Party
member of political party	Marilena de Souza Chaui (born September 4, 1941) is a female Brazilian philosopher and member of the Workers' Party.	Marilena de Souza Chaui	Workers' Party
member of political party	Hugh Gray (19 April 1916 -- 1 April 2002) was a British Labour Party politician and lecturer at the University of London.	Hugh Gray	Labour Party
member of political party	Paulo Casaca (born 2 July 1957, Lisbon) is a Portuguese politician and was a Member of the European Parliament for Portugal's Socialist Party (Partido Socialista); part of the Party of European Socialists from 1999 to 2009.	Paulo Casaca	Socialist Party
member of political party	Following unification, in 1874 Julius Motteler was elected to the Reichstag for the Social Democratic Workers' Party (Sozialdemokratische Arbeiterpartei Deutschlands / SDAP), one of several parties which underwent successive mergers to become, in 1890, the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD).	Julius Motteler	Social Democratic Party of Germany
member of political party	Thomas McEwan, Jr. (February 26, 1854, Paterson, New Jersey -- September 11, 1926, Jersey City, New Jersey) was an American Republican Party politician who represented New Jersey's 7th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1895 to 1899.	Thomas McEwan, Jr.	Republican Party
member of political party	Larry Snook officially entered retirement after his time as the Democratic Party Chairman.	Larry Snook	Democratic Party
member of political party	Karl Jarres (21 September 1874 - 20 October 1951) was a politician of the German People's Party (Deutsche Volkspartei, or DVP) during the Weimar Republic.	Karl Jarres	German People's Party
member of political party	Sir Douglas Marshall (2 October 1906 -- 24 August 1976) was a British Conservative Party politician, and Member of Parliament for Bodmin from 1945 to 1964.	Douglas Marshall	Conservative Party
member of political party	The SPD, along with the KPD (German Communist Party/Kommunistische Partei Deutschlands) were forcibly merged into the SED (Socialist Unity Party of Germany/Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands), of which Walter Buchheim now became a committed member.	Walter Buchheim	Socialist Unity Party of Germany
member of political party	James Childs Gould (1882 -- 2 July 1944) was a British industrialist and Conservative Party politician who served as Member of Parliament for Cardiff Central from 1918-1924.	James Childs Gould	Conservative Party
member of political party	Zoltán Bíró (born April 21, 1941) is a Hungarian literary historian, writer and politician who served as the first president of the Hungarian Democratic Forum.	Zoltán Bíró	Hungarian Democratic Forum
member of political party	Enrique Sapena Granell (1930, in Valencia, Spain -- 7 June 2008) was a Spanish politician for the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE).	Enrique Sapena Granell	Spanish Socialist Workers' Party
member of political party	George A. Spadoro is an American Democratic Party politician who served three terms as Mayor of Edison, New Jersey, and two terms in the New Jersey General Assembly, where he represented the 18th Legislative District.	George A. Spadoro	Democratic Party
member of political party	Humberto Moreira Valdés (born 28 July 1966) is a controversial Mexican politician who served as President of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI).	Humberto Moreira	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Robert Dutil is a Canadian businessman and politician, who was a Quebec Liberal Party member of the National Assembly of Quebec from 1985 to 1994 and from 2008 to 2015.	Robert Dutil	Quebec Liberal Party
member of political party	However Ulrike Meinhof's biographer Jutta Ditfurth stated that Werner Meinhof had joined the Nazi Party by May 1933.	Werner Meinhof	Nazi Party
member of political party	Sir James Flower, 2nd Baronet (14 December 1794 -- 17 May 1850) was a British Conservative Party politician.	Sir James Flower, 2nd Baronet	Conservative Party
member of political party	The New York Post called Manfred Ohrenstein a ``standout example of the new young leadership that is spearheading the drive to reform the Democratic Party.''	Manfred Ohrenstein	Democratic Party
member of political party	Gerd Søraa (born 8 April 1934) was a Norwegian writer and politician for the Liberal People's Party.	Gerd Søraa	Liberal People's Party
member of political party	Li Zhanshu (Chinese: 栗战书; pinyin: Lì Zhànshū; born August 30, 1950) is a Chinese politician and the current Director of the General Office of the Communist Party of China and the chief of the General Office of the National Security Commission.	Li Zhanshu	Communist Party of China
member of political party	Syed Sibtey Razi (born 7 March 1939) is an Indian politician belonging to the Indian National Congress who has been Governor of Assam since July 2009.	Syed Sibtey Razi	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Kang Rixin (Chinese: 康日新; born August 1953) is a former chief manager of China National Nuclear Corporation (CNNC) and a former high-ranking member of the Communist Party of China (CPC) in the People's Republic of China.	Kang Rixin	Communist Party of China
member of political party	Naomi Ichihara Røkkum (born 1981) is a Norwegian politician in the Liberal Party, and a substitute member of the Oslo City Council.	Naomi Ichihara Røkkum	Liberal Party
member of political party	Frank Beswick, Baron Beswick (1911 -- 17 August 1987) was a British Labour Co-operative politician.	Frank Beswick, Baron Beswick	Labour Co-operative
member of sports team	Jonathan Pierre-Etienne (born July 7, 1984) is a former professional Canadian football linebacker and defensive lineman for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League.	Jonathan Pierre-Etienne	Toronto Argonauts
member of sports team	On 31 January 2011, Javito returned to his country and joined La Liga team Deportivo de La Coruña.	Javito	Deportivo de La Coruña
member of sports team	Ivan Baraban (born 21 January 1988 in Vinkovci) is a Croatian football player, currently playing for NK Široki Brijeg in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Ivan Baraban	NK Široki Brijeg
member of sports team	Jonas Enlund (born November 3, 1987 in Helsinki, Finland) is a Finnish professional ice hockey winger, currently playing for SKA Saint Petersburg in the Russian KHL.	Jonas Enlund	SKA Saint Petersburg
member of sports team	Tony DeHart (born March 20, 1990) is an American professional Ice Hockey Defenseman currently with HC Eppan Pirates of Serie A. DeHart was selected by the New York Islanders in the 5th round (125th overall) of the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.	Tony DeHart	HC Eppan Pirates
member of sports team	Eric Hellemons (born 2 June 1971) is a Dutch former footballer and current football coach, as assistant manager of Eredivisie club NAC Breda.	Eric Hellemons	NAC Breda
member of sports team	Akhlidin Israilov (Russian: Ахлидин Шукурович Исраилов, tr. Akhlidin Shukurovich Israilov; born 16 September 1994) is a Kyrgyzstani footballer playing for FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv.	Akhlidin Israilov	FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv
member of sports team	Katrine Lunde (born 30 March 1980 in Kristiansand) is a Norwegian team handball goalkeeper, playing for the Russian club Rostov-Don.	Katrine Lunde	Rostov-Don
member of sports team	In 1984 Opoku Nti moved to Swiss champions Servette FC.	Opoku Nti	Servette FC
member of sports team	Khairul Nizam is the younger brother of fellow LionsXII forward Khairul Amri.	Khairul Nizam	LionsXII
member of sports team	Klaus Wilmsmeyer (born December 4, 1967) is a former American football punter in the NFL for the San Francisco 49ers, New Orleans Saints, and the Miami Dolphins.	Klaus Wilmsmeyer	San Francisco 49ers	New Orleans Saints	Miami Dolphins
member of sports team	James Guarantano (born in Lodi, New Jersey) is a former American football wide receiver for the NFL's San Diego Chargers and the CFL's Baltimore Stallions.	James Guarantano	San Diego Chargers
member of sports team	Plamen Donev (Bulgarian: Пламен Донев) (born May 18, 1956) is a former Bulgarian footballer who currently manages PFC Svetkavitsa.	Plamen Donev	PFC Svetkavitsa
member of sports team	Luke Boothroyd (born 4 April 1987 in Huddersfield) is an English professional ice hockey player, currently playing for the Manchester Phoenix in the EPL.	Luke Boothroyd	Manchester Phoenix
member of sports team	Geoffrey Doumeng (born 9 November 1980 in Narbonne) is a French football midfielder.Who plays for Chonburi F.C. in Thai Premier League	Geoffrey Doumeng	Chonburi F.C.
member of sports team	Georgios Poulopoulos (Greek: Γεώργιος Πουλόπουλος; born 28 June 1975) is a Greek footballer who plays for Diagoras F.C. in the Beta Ethniki.	Georgios Poulopoulos	Diagoras F.C.
member of sports team	Dale Farley was a professional American football player who played linebacker for the Buffalo Bills and Miami Dolphins.	Dale Farley	Buffalo Bills	Miami Dolphins
member of sports team	Anthony Kristian Baller, born 18 February 1987 in Abercynon, Wales, is a rugby union player for Pontypridd RFC in the Principality Premiership.	Kristian Baller	Pontypridd RFC
member of sports team	Oleksiy Cheremysin (Ukrainian: Олексій Володимирович Черемисін; born 4 January 1991 in Kyiv, in the Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FK Slavoj Vyšehrad in the Bohemian Football League.	Oleksiy Cheremysin	FK Slavoj Vyšehrad
member of sports team	Farid Djahnine (born 16 August 1976 in Algiers) is an Algerian footballer, who played most of his career for Algerian club USM Alger.	Farid Djahnine	USM Alger
member of sports team	Jamar Hunt (born December 4, 1982) is a former American football tight end for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League.	Jamar Hunt	Dallas Cowboys
member of sports team	Frankie Mariano is an English rugby league player of Cape Verdean descent who currently plays for Castleford Tigers in the Super League.	Frankie Mariano	Castleford Tigers
member of sports team	Gurty Calambé (born 14 May 1990 in Bambous, Rivière Noire) is a Mauritian footballer who currently plays as a forward for Petite Rivière Noire SC in the Mauritian League.	Gurty Calambé	Petite Rivière Noire SC
member of sports team	Guðný Björk Óðinsdóttir (born 27 September 1988) is an Icelandic former footballer who played as a midfielder for Kristianstads DFF of the Swedish Damallsvenskan and the Iceland women's national football team.	Guðný Björk Óðinsdóttir	Kristianstads DFF
member of sports team	Michael Schimpelsberger (born 12 February 1991) is an Austrian professional footballer, who currently plays for SK Rapid Wien in the Austrian Football Bundesliga.	Michael Schimpelsberger	SK Rapid Wien
member of sports team	Anthony Cris Collinsworth (born January 27, 1959) is a former American college and professional football player who was a wide receiver in the National Football League (NFL) for eight seasons, all with the Cincinnati Bengals, during the 1980s.	Cris Collinsworth	Cincinnati Bengals
member of sports team	Aaron Hardy (born 26 May 1986 in South Elmsall, West Yorkshire) is an English professional football defender who plays for Farsley A.F.C..	Aaron Hardy	Farsley A.F.C.
member of sports team	Dario Mijatović (born 13 August 1984) is a Croatian professional football player, who currently plays for Vejle Boldklub in the Danish Superliga.	Dario Mijatović	Vejle Boldklub
member of sports team	Semen Datsenko (Ukrainian: Семен Олександрович Даценко; born 10 May 1994 in Poltava, Poltava Oblast, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for the Ukrainian Premier League club FC Metalist Kharkiv.	Semen Datsenko	FC Metalist Kharkiv
member of sports team	Melvin Holmes (born January 22, 1950) is an American former football player with the Pittsburgh Steelers from 1971 - 1973.	Melvin Holmes	Pittsburgh Steelers
member of sports team	Florin Pripu (born 1 August 1980 in Targoviste, Romania) is a professional football defender currently playing for Kallithea F.C. in the Beta Ethniki.	Florin Pripu	Kallithea F.C.
member of sports team	Marcus Green (born September 27, 1983) is a former American football defensive tackle who is a practice squad player for the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League.	Marcus Green	New Orleans Saints
member of sports team	Calum Clark (born 10 June 1989 in Stockton-on-Tees, County Durham) is a professional rugby union player for Northampton Saints.	Calum Clark	Northampton Saints
member of sports team	Joep van den Ouweland (born February 6, 1984 in Gilze en Rijen) is a Dutch footballer, currently playing for Eerste Divisie side FC Oss.	Joep van den Ouweland	FC Oss
member of sports team	Miroslav Drobňák (born 29 May 1977 in Šarišské Michaľany) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for club ŠK Odeva Lipany.	Miroslav Drobňák	ŠK Odeva Lipany
member of sports team	Marco Reda (born June 22, 1977) is a former Canadian soccer player who began his professional career in the USL A-League with the Toronto Lynx where he developed his skills as a solid defender.	Marco Reda	Toronto Lynx
member of sports team	Too small to become a regular in the National Hockey League, Doug Palazzari played a total of 108 games for the St. Louis Blues in 1974--79 but he spent most of his professional career in the minors with the Providence Reds, Kansas City Blues and Salt Lake Golden Eagles where he was a major star.	Doug Palazzari	St. Louis Blues
member of sports team	Allan Søgaard (born January 20, 1978) is a former Danish football (soccer) player, spent his entire career playing for the Danish Superliga side AC Horsens.	Allan Søgaard	AC Horsens
member of sports team	Olivia Thompson (born 20 January 1993) is an Australian basketball player who has competed for Australian Institute of Sport (AIS) in the Women's National Basketball League (WNBL).	Olivia Thompson	Australian Institute of Sport
member of sports team	Walther Braithwaite (born November 18, 1933) is a former Surinamese football manager and player who played as a midfielder and left back in the Surinamese Hoofdklasse for S.V. Transvaal and S.V. Voorwaarts.	Walther Braithwaite	S.V. Transvaal
member of sports team	Chérif Abdeslam (in kabyle: Crif Σebdesslam) (born 1 September 1978 in Hussein Dey, Algiers) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing as a midfielder for ASO Chlef in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.	Chérif Abdeslam	ASO Chlef
member of sports team	Casey Ramirez (born December 8, 1989) is an American soccer defender who most recently played for the Portland Thorns FC of the National Women's Soccer League (NWSL).	Casey Ramirez	Portland Thorns FC
member of sports team	Desislav Rusev (Bulgarian: Десислав Русев; born 27 April 1979) is a Bulgarian footballer, currently playing for Akademik Svishtov as a striker.	Desislav Rusev	Akademik Svishtov
member of sports team	Brandon Bonifacio (born 29 June 1989 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian professional footballer who plays for UBC Thunderbirds.	Brandon Bonifacio	UBC Thunderbirds
member of sports team	Lucas Pérez Martínez (born 10 September 1988), known simply as Lucas, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Deportivo de La Coruña as a right winger.	Lucas Pérez	Deportivo de La Coruña
member of sports team	Wei Long Wong (born 18 August 1988 in Singapore) is a Singaporean professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Singapore Slingers in the ASEAN Basketball League (ABL).	Wei Long Wong	Singapore Slingers
member of sports team	Christer Hult was a Swedish association football defender, playing for IFK Norrköping.	Christer Hult	IFK Norrköping
member of sports team	Tamás Lénárth (born 7 June 1990) is a Slovak football midfielder of Hungarian ethnicity who currently plays for the club TJ OFC Gabčíkovo.	Tamás Lénárth	TJ OFC Gabčíkovo
member of sports team	Bob Masters (January 16, 1913 in Comanche, Texas -- February 8, 1987) is a former professional American football player who played running back for six seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles and Chicago Bears.	Bob Masters	Philadelphia Eagles	Chicago Bears
member of sports team	Ronald Garry Hancock (January 23, 1954 -- October 10, 2015) was a reserve outfielder and first baseman in Major League Baseball who played for the Boston Red Sox and Oakland Athletics in parts of six seasons spanning 1978--1984.	Garry Hancock	Boston Red Sox	Oakland Athletics
member of sports team	After beginning professionally with two lowly clubs, including local A.D. Sanjoanense, Vermelhinho signed for FC Porto at the age of 23, in 1982.	Vermelhinho	A.D. Sanjoanense
member of sports team	Inge Thun (17 June 1945 − 15 February 2008) was a Norwegian football goalkeeper and bandy winger who played for Strømsgodset IF in both sports.	Inge Thun	Strømsgodset IF
member of sports team	Jozo Bogdanović began his career playing for RNK Split which competed in the second and third level of Yugoslav league system.	Jozo Bogdanović	RNK Split
member of sports team	Yuriy Logvinenko (Russian: Юрий Логвиненко; born 22 July 1988) is a Kazakh football player who plays for FC Aktobe in the Kazakhstan Premier League.	Yuriy Logvinenko	FC Aktobe
member of sports team	Svyataslaw Bokhan (Belarusian: Святаслаў Бохан; Russian: Святослав Бохан; born 26 June 1991) is a Belarusian professional football player currently playing for FC Vitebsk-2.	Svyataslaw Bokhan	FC Vitebsk-2
member of sports team	Kieran Roche (born 3 May 1979) is a rugby union footballer who plays at lock/back row for London Irish.	Kieran Roche	London Irish
member of sports team	Mark Bavaro (born April 28, 1963) is a former American football tight end who played for the New York Giants (1985--1990), Cleveland Browns (1992), and Philadelphia Eagles (1993--1994) in the National Football League (NFL).	Mark Bavaro	New York Giants	Cleveland Browns	Philadelphia Eagles
member of sports team	José Rafael Tobar Lemus (born 24 November 1975 in Turín) is a Salvadoran football player, who currently plays as Defender for Alacranes Del Norte of El Salvador.	Rafael Tobar	Alacranes Del Norte
member of sports team	Burak Altiparmak (born 15 October 1990) is a German footballer who plays for 1. FC Magdeburg.	Burak Altiparmak	1. FC Magdeburg
member of sports team	Marcus Howard (born October 10, 1985 in Huger, South Carolina) is an American football defensive end who is currently playing for the Edmonton Eskimos.	Marcus Howard	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Abdullah Haidar (Arabic: عبدالله حيدر‎) (born 27 March 1985) is a Saudi Arabian football (soccer) player who currently plays as a Midfielder for Al-Raed.	Abdullah Haidar	Al-Raed
member of sports team	Josef Hušbauer (born 16 March 1990) is a Czech football midfielder who is currently playing for Synot liga side SK Slavia Prague.	Josef Hušbauer	SK Slavia Prague
member of sports team	Hamdi Bakalli (1923--1991) was an Albanian footballer who played for Vllaznia Shkodër, Ylli I Kuq Shkodër, Partizani Tirana and Dinamo Tirana.	Hamdi Bakalli	Partizani Tirana
member of sports team	Michał Płonka (born 8 October 1992) is a Polish footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Górnik Zabrze in the Ekstraklasa.	Michał Płonka	Górnik Zabrze
member of sports team	In 1993 Careca left Italy to play for new Japanese J. League team Kashiwa Reysol.	Careca	Kashiwa Reysol
member of sports team	Oribe Peralta Morones (born 12 January 1984) is a Mexican professional footballer who currently plays as a striker for Club América of Liga MX and the Mexico national team.	Oribe Peralta	Club América
member of sports team	Jan Křivohlávek is a Czech professional ice hockey player who currently plays with HC Kometa Brno in the Czech Extraliga.	Jan Křivohlávek	HC Kometa Brno
member of sports team	Samuel LaWayne Haddix (born July 23, 1965 in Bolivar, Tennessee) is a former American football defensive back in the National Football League who played for the New York Giants (1987--1988), Tampa Bay Buccaneers (1990--1991), and Cincinnati Bengals (1991).	Wayne Haddix	New York Giants	Tampa Bay Buccaneers	Cincinnati Bengals
member of sports team	Tommy Albelin (born 21 May 1964) is a retired Swedish ice hockey defenceman who is currently an assistant coach for the New Jersey Devils in the NHL.	Tommy Albelin	New Jersey Devils
member of sports team	Yacine Babouche (born 21 March 1978) is an Algerian professional footballer player who plays for CA Batna in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1, as a goalkeeper.	Yacine Babouche	CA Batna
member of sports team	Omar Diantete (born February 18, 1979) is a French-Congolese football player who is currently playing for FC Villefranche.	Omar Diantete	FC Villefranche
member of sports team	Jorrin John (born 6 November 1991) is an English born, Antigua and Barbudan international footballer who plays as a midfielder for NK Domžale.	Jorrin John	NK Domžale
member of sports team	Mamadou Sidibé is a Malian professional footballer, who plays as a midfielder for AS Police de Bamako.	Mamadou Sidibé	AS Police de Bamako
member of sports team	Juraj Chvátal (born 13 July 1996) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for SYNOT liga club Sparta Prague, on loan from FK Senica.	Juraj Chvátal	FK Senica
member of sports team	Fabian Wetter (born March 30, 1989) in Lübbecke is a German footballer who plays for Holstein Kiel.	Fabian Wetter	Holstein Kiel
member of sports team	José Bosingwa da Silva (born 24 August 1982), known as Bosingwa, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Turkish club Trabzonspor as a right back.	José Bosingwa	Trabzonspor
member of sports team	Ricardo José Vaz Alves Monteiro (born 7 October 1983), known as Tarantini, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Rio Ave F.C. as an attacking midfielder.	Ricardo José Vaz Alves Monteiro	Rio Ave F.C.
member of sports team	Abby Bishop (born 29 November 1988) is an Australian professional basketball forward/center who plays for the Seattle Storm of the WNBA.	Abby Bishop	Seattle Storm
member of sports team	Ufuk Talay (born 26 March 1976 in Sydney, Australia) was an Australian footballer who played for Sydney United FC.	Ufuk Talay	Sydney United FC
member of sports team	Eric Loyd (born August 9, 1985 in Miami, Florida) is a U.S. soccer defender who currently plays for USL Premier Development League side Kalamazoo Outrage.	Eric Loyd	Kalamazoo Outrage
member of sports team	Marcel Baude (born 5 October 1989) is a German footballer who plays as a right-back for Hallescher FC.	Marcel Baude	Hallescher FC
member of sports team	Flamur Tahiraj is a Swiss Albanian footballer who plays as goalkeeper with FC Wohlen in the Swiss Challenge League.	Flamur Tahiraj	FC Wohlen
member of sports team	Melisa Nicolau Martín (born 20 June 1984), commonly known as Melisa or Mely, is a Spanish former footballer, who played as a defender for Primera División clubs Rayo Vallecano and FC Barcelona, as well as the Spain women's national football team.	Melisa Nicolau	Rayo Vallecano
member of sports team	Jerome Watt (born 20 October 1984) is a retired English professional footballer who most recently played for Lancaster City F.C..	Jerome Watt	Lancaster City F.C.
member of sports team	Jonas Lantto (born May 22, 1987) is a Swedish footballer who plays as a winger for Gefle IF.	Jonas Lantto	Gefle IF
member of sports team	Harold Sergent is an American former basketball player who starred at Morehead State University before embarking on a career with the Phillips 66ers of the Amateur Athletic Union.	Harold Sergent	Phillips 66ers
member of sports team	Leopold Alphonso (born 9 June 1991) is a Malaysian footballer currently playing for Sabah FA in Malaysia Premier League.	Leopold Alphonso	Sabah FA
member of sports team	Tiago Manuel Dias Correia (born 12 July 1990), better known by his nickname Bebé, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Rayo Vallecano, on loan from Benfica.	Bebé	Rayo Vallecano
member of sports team	Greg Inglis (born 15 January 1987) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays fullback for the South Sydney Rabbitohs in the National Rugby League.	Greg Inglis	South Sydney Rabbitohs
member of sports team	Ronnie Shanklin (January 21, 1948 -- April 17, 2003) was a professional American football player who played wide receiver for six seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers and the Chicago Bears.	Ronnie Shanklin	Pittsburgh Steelers	Chicago Bears
member of sports team	Chris Wyles (born 13 September 1983 in Stamford, Connecticut, United States) is an International American-British rugby union player who plays for the USA Eagles and plays his club rugby for Saracens in the Aviva Premiership.	Chris Wyles	Saracens
member of sports team	Chousein Moumin (Greek: Μουμίν Χουσείν, Turkish: Hüseyin Mümin; born 24 March 1987 in Passos-Rhodope, Greece) is a Turkish-Greek professional football midfielder currently playing for Trikala F.C..	Chousein Moumin	Trikala F.C.
member of sports team	Dustin Bixler (born December 21, 1982 in Mechanicsburg, Pennsylvania) is a former American soccer player who spent his entire career with Harrisburg City Islanders.	Dustin Bixler	Harrisburg City Islanders
member of sports team	Sergio Alejandro Ortega Cantero (born 26 September 1988 in Itaugua) is an Paraguayan football Midfielder, who plays in Chile for Santiago Morning.	Sergio Alejandro Ortega Cantero	Santiago Morning
member of sports team	Zairul Fitree Ishak (born 2 April 1985) is a Malaysian professional footballer who plays for Kelantan FA in Malaysia Super League mainly as a left back.	Zairul Fitree Ishak	Kelantan FA
member of sports team	Cyril Bruce Andrew (28 February 1908 -- 6 June 1996) was an Australian rules footballer, who played for Collingwood Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL) before becoming a football administrator and television commentator.	Bruce Andrew	Collingwood Football Club
member of sports team	Bruno Filipe Santos Loureiro (born 23 September 1989), simply known as Bruno Loureiro is a Portuguese professional footballer playing for Pogoń Szczecin in Poland as a midfielder.	Bruno Loureiro	Pogoń Szczecin
member of sports team	Philippe N'Dioro (born June 24, 1962 in Moulins, Allier, France) is a French footballer of Cameroonian descent who played 94 matches and scored 13 goals in Ligue 1 for clubs Olympique Lyonnais and OGC Nice in the period 1980-1991.	Philippe N'Dioro	Olympique Lyonnais
member of sports team	Šerif Hasić (born 7 February 1988 in Zenica) is a Bosnian football midfielder playing with NK Krajišnik Velika Kladuša.	Šerif Hasić	NK Krajišnik Velika Kladuša
member of sports team	Srđan Đukanović or Srdjan Djukanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Cpђaн Ђукaнoвић, born 4 November 1980 in Titov Vrbas) is a Montenegrin footballer playing in the FK Big Bull Radnički.	Srđan Đukanović	FK Big Bull Radnički
member of sports team	Jon Wilkin (born 1 November 1983 in Thorngumbald, East Riding of Yorkshire) is an English professional rugby league footballer who plays for St Helens RLFC of Super League.	Jon Wilkin	St Helens RLFC
member of sports team	Junior Gourrier (born 31 August 1988) is a Central African footballer who plays for Gabonese club Cercle Mbéri Sportif.	Junior Gourrier	Cercle Mbéri Sportif
member of sports team	Rajendra Rawal (Nepali: राजेन्द्र रावल) is a Nepali team midfielder, who currently plays for APF Club	Rajendra Rawal	APF Club
member of sports team	Cary Harris (born March 22, 1987) is an American football safety who was most recently a member of the Edmonton Eskimos.	Cary Harris	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Christopher Katongo (born 31 August 1982) is a Zambian international footballer and current captain of the national side who plays professionally for Zambia Premier Soccer League club Green Buffaloes F.C. as a striker.	Christopher Katongo	Green Buffaloes F.C.
member of sports team	Vít Štětina (born 29 September 1989) is a Czech football player who plays for Czech second division side SK Sulko Zábřeh.	Vít Štětina	SK Sulko Zábřeh
member of sports team	When Flavio Maestri was 10 years old, his father, Edmondo Maestri Baroni, brought him to Sporting Cristal to try out.	Flavio Maestri	Sporting Cristal
member of sports team	Chris Demaria is an American baseball player who briefly played in the major leagues on two different occasions: for the Kansas City Royals in 2005, and for the Milwaukee Brewers in 2006.	Chris Demaria	Milwaukee Brewers
member of sports team	Ludwig Janda (13 January 1919 -- 22 August 1981) was a German football player and manager who played for SpVgg Fürth, 1860 München, AC Fiorentina and Novara Calcio.	Ludwig Janda	Novara Calcio
member of sports team	Juuso Kangaskorpi (born 1975) is a Finnish football defender and manager who currently is player-manager of for the Ykkönen side Mikkelin Palloilijat in Finland.	Juuso Kangaskorpi	Mikkelin Palloilijat
member of sports team	Falko Götz (born 26 March 1962) is a retired German football player who is the manager of 1. FC Saarbrücken.	Falko Götz	1. FC Saarbrücken
member of sports team	Tage Ivan Jensen, was mostly known as Ivan Jensen for short (November 10, 1922 -- January 26, 2009) was a Danish association footballer, who won three Danish championships with amateur club Akademisk Boldklub and played professionally for Italian club Bologna FC.	Ivan Jensen	Akademisk Boldklub
member of sports team	Danny Kirmond (born 11 November 1985 in Sharlston), is an English professional rugby league footballer, playing at club level for Stanley Rangers, Featherstone Rovers, Huddersfield, and Wakefield Trinity (captain) (Heritage #1280).	Danny Kirmond	Featherstone Rovers
member of sports team	Walter Puddefoot was an English professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper for US Quevilly in the 1927 Coupe de France Final.	Walter Puddefoot	US Quevilly
member of sports team	Stephen Trejo (born November 20, 1977 in Mesa, Arizona) is a former National Football League running back/fullback for the Detroit Lions.	Stephen Trejo	Detroit Lions
member of sports team	Jari Sailio (born March 18, 1986 in Hyvinkää) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward currently playing for Espoo Blues in the Finnish Liiga.	Jari Sailio	Espoo Blues
member of sports team	Wade Redden (born June 12, 1977) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who spent the majority of his career in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Ottawa Senators, New York Rangers, St. Louis Blues and Boston Bruins.	Wade Redden	New York Rangers	St. Louis Blues	Boston Bruins
member of sports team	At club level, Ronaldinho played first for the Brazilian club Grêmio before spending the bulk of his career with European clubs Paris Saint-Germain, FC Barcelona, and Milan.	Ronaldinho	FC Barcelona
member of sports team	Faouzi Chaouchi (born 5 December 1984 in Bordj Ménaïel) is an Algerian professional football goalkeeper who last played for Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 club MC Alger and the Algerian national team.	Faouzi Chaouchi	MC Alger
member of sports team	Jonathan Pérez Olivero (born 6 June 1982), commonly known as Jotha, is a Spanish footballer who plays for UD Lanzarote mainly as a right winger.	Jonathan Pérez Olivero	UD Lanzarote
member of sports team	Gregory Alexandre (born May 31, 1985 in Montreal, Quebec) is a professional Canadian football defensive lineman who is currently a member of the Edmonton Eskimos.	Gregory Alexandre	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Thierry Alain Florian Taulemesse (born 31 January 1986 in Bagnols-sur-Cèze, Languedoc-Roussillon), known as Florian, is a French professional footballer who plays for Belgian club K.A.S. Eupen as a striker.	Florian Taulemesse	K.A.S. Eupen
member of sports team	Femi Babatunde Ijanikin (born December 13, 1986 in Ilorin) is a Nigerian football player currently with Kwara United F.C. of Ilorin.	Femi Babatunde	Kwara United F.C.
member of sports team	Joonas Vihko (born April 6, 1981) is a Finnish professional ice hockey winger who currently plays for Luleå HF of the Elitserien.	Joonas Vihko	Luleå HF
member of sports team	Keenin Lesch (born 13 March 1981) is a retired South African football (soccer) midfielder who currently coaches National First Division club Vasco da Gama.	Keenin Lesch	Vasco da Gama
member of sports team	Tyson Craiggs (born August 8, 1981) is a former Canadian football linebacker who played for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League.	Tyson Craiggs	BC Lions
member of sports team	Philipp Zeiger (born May 8, 1990), is a German footballer who plays as a defender for Rot-Weiss Essen.	Philipp Zeiger	Rot-Weiss Essen
member of sports team	During his career, Roque Júnior has played for Santarritense, São José, Palmeiras, A.C. Milan, Leeds United F.C., A.C. Siena, Bayer 04 Leverkusen, MSV Duisburg and Qatari side Al-Rayyan.	Roque Júnior	A.C. Milan	MSV Duisburg
member of sports team	Juraj Čobej in Partizán Bardejov is an assistant coach and goalkeeping coach also.	Juraj Čobej	Partizán Bardejov
member of sports team	Antoine Griezmann (French pronunciation: ​(ɑ̃twan ɡʁjɛzman); born 21 March 1991) is a French professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Atlético Madrid mainly as a forward.	Antoine Griezmann	Atlético Madrid
member of sports team	Gilanne Louwaars is a Dutch former football midfielder who played for SV Saestum in the Hoofdklasse and FC Utrecht in the Eredivisie.	Gilanne Louwaars	FC Utrecht
member of sports team	Aaron Dennis (born February 24, 1993) is an American soccer player, currently playing for Miami FC in the North American Soccer League.	Aaron Dennis	Miami FC
member of sports team	Alexandre Albouy (born May 26, 1979) is a French rugby union player, currently playing for the Top 14 team Castres Olympique.	Alexandre Albouy	Castres Olympique
military branch	Vice Admiral Kendall L. Card is a United States Navy aviator and flag officer and the former Deputy Chief of Naval Operations for Information Dominance and Director of Naval Intelligence; succeeded by Vice Admiral Ted N. Branch in July 2013.	Kendall L. Card	United States Navy
military branch	Lieutenant General Paul E. Stein (August 30, 1944 -- January 1, 2002) was the thirteenth Superintendent of the United States Air Force Academy.	Paul E. Stein	United States Air Force
military branch	The 12th (Yorkshire) Parachute Battalion was an airborne infantry battalion of the Parachute Regiment, raised by the British Army during the Second World War.	12th (Yorkshire) Parachute Battalion	British Army
military branch	Wager Swayne (November 10, 1834 -- December 18, 1902) was a Union Army colonel during the American Civil War who eventually was appointed as the last major general of volunteers of the Union Army.	Wager Swayne	Union Army
military branch	Lieutenant General Sir Edwin Otway Herbert KBE CB DSO (19 November 1901 -- 4 April 1984) was a British Army General who achieved high command in the 1950s.	Otway Herbert	British Army
military branch	Harold Sturtevant was a sailor in the United States Navy.	Harold Sturtevant	United States Navy
military branch	The Golden Thirteen were the thirteen African American enlisted men who became the first African American commissioned and warrant officers in the United States Navy.	Golden Thirteen	United States Navy
military branch	Charles F. Blair, Jr. (July 19, 1909 -- September 2, 1978) was a United States Air Force Brigadier General, United States Navy aviator Captain, a test pilot, an airline pilot, and airline owner.	Charles F. Blair, Jr.	United States Air Force	United States Navy
military branch	Edward F. Welch, Jr. (13 November 1924 -- 2 January 2008) was a rear admiral of the United States Navy active during much of the Cold War.	Edward F. Welch, Jr.	United States Navy
military branch	Brigadier-General Hanway Robert Cumming DSO (9 October 1867 -- 5 March 1921) was an officer in the British Army.	Hanway Robert Cumming	British Army
military branch	Colonel Sir John Rowland Smyth KCB (1806 -- 14 May 1873) was a British Army officer who saw service in India.	John Rowland Smyth	British Army
military branch	Field Marshal Stapleton Cotton, 1st Viscount Combermere GCB GCH KSI PC (14 November 1773 -- 21 February 1865), was a British Army officer, diplomat and politician.	Stapleton Cotton, 1st Viscount Combermere	British Army
military branch	Salvatore John Cavallaro (6 September 1920 -- 9 September 1943) was an officer of the United States Navy during World War II.	Salvatore John Cavallaro	United States Navy
military branch	The East Yorkshire Regiment was a line infantry regiment of the British Army, first raised in 1685 as Sir William Clifton's Regiment of Foot.	East Yorkshire Regiment	British Army
military branch	John Stoyte was an officer of the British Army, recognized for his service in Peninsula and the Battle of Waterloo.	John Stoyte	British Army
military branch	Lieutenant General Winfield W. Scott, Jr. (born December 10, 1927) was the tenth Superintendent of the United States Air Force Academy in Colorado.	Winfield W. Scott, Jr.	United States Air Force
military branch	Admiral Sir William Wordsworth Fisher GCB GCVO (26 March 1875 -- 24 June 1937) was a Royal Navy officer who captained a battleship at the Battle of Jutland and became Commander-in-Chief of the Mediterranean Fleet.	William Wordsworth Fisher	Royal Navy
military branch	Robert C. Hinson is a retired Lieutenant General in the United States Air Force.	Robert C. Hinson	United States Air Force
military branch	Brigadier Lionel Bootle-Wilbraham, 6th Baron Skelmersdale, DSO, MC, was a British Army officer who served in both the First and Second World War.	Lionel Bootle-Wilbraham, 6th Baron Skelmersdale	British Army
military branch	The Lincolnshire Yeomanry was a volunteer cavalry unit of the British Army from 1794--1920.	Lincolnshire Yeomanry	British Army
military branch	Paul Aue joined the nascent Luftwaffe during the 1930s.	Paul Aue	Luftwaffe
military branch	Samuel James Ballard (bapt. 28 March 1765 -- 11 October 1829) was a Vice-Admiral in the Royal Navy.	Samuel James Ballard	Royal Navy
military branch	The 28th Light Dragoons or the 28th (Duke of York's Own) Regiment of Light Dragoons was a cavalry regiment of the British Army.	28th Light Dragoons	British Army
military branch	Admiral Richard Darton Thomas (3 June 1777 -- 21 August 1857) was an officer of the British Royal Navy who served during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars, and went on to become Commander-in-Chief, Pacific Station in the 1840s.	Richard Darton Thomas	Royal Navy
mother	Cleopatra Alcyone (Ancient Greek: Κλεοπάτρη Ἀλκυόνη Kleopátrē Alkuónē) was the daughter of Idas and Marpessa and the wife of Meleager; she died with grief when her husband, Ceyx, was killed by Zeus.	Cleopatra Alcyone	Marpessa
mother	Gabrielle Stone is the daughter of actor Christopher Stone and actress Dee Wallace.	Gabrielle Stone	Dee Wallace
mother	Jack Hemingway was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, the only child of American writer Ernest Hemingway and his first wife Hadley Richardson.	Jack Hemingway	Hadley Richardson
mother	Maria Haraldsdotter (died 25 September 1066) was a Norwegian princess, as the daughter of Harald Hardrada and Elisiv of Kiev.	Maria Haraldsdotter	Elisiv of Kiev
mother	Penthesilea (Greek: Πενθεσίλεια) or Penthesileia was an Amazonian queen in Greek mythology, the daughter of Ares and Otrera and the sister of Hippolyta, Antiope and Melanippe.	Penthesilea	Otrera
mother	Edmund Stafford, 5th Earl of Stafford and 6th Baron Audley, KB, KG (2 March 1378 -- 21 July 1403) was the son of Hugh de Stafford, 2nd Earl of Stafford and Philippa de Beauchamp.	Edmund Stafford, 5th Earl of Stafford	Philippa de Beauchamp
mother	Barbara Berlusconi was born in Arlesheim, Basel-Landschaft canton, Switzerland in the summer of 1984, and is the daughter of Silvio Berlusconi and Veronica Lario (who became his second wife, in 1990).	Barbara Berlusconi	Veronica Lario
mother	Princess Friederike Luise of Prussia (German: Friederike Luise von Preußen) (29 August 1714 -- 4 February 1784) was a daughter of Frederick William I of Prussia and Sophia Dorothea of Hanover and Margravine of Brandenburg-Ansbach.	Princess Friederike Luise of Prussia	Sophia Dorothea of Hanover
mother	Guy of Dampierre, Count of Zeeland, also called Guy of Namur (Dutch: Gwijde van Namen) (ca. 1272 - October 13, 1311 in Pavia), a younger son of Guy, Count of Flanders and Isabelle of Luxembourg, was Lord of Ronse.	Guy of Namur	Isabelle of Luxembourg
mother	Gildo Pallanca Pastor was born in Monaco, the son of Hélène Pastor and Claude Pallanca.	Gildo Pallanca Pastor	Hélène Pastor
mother	When described as a Nereid in Classical myths, Thetis was the daughter of Nereus and Doris, and a granddaughter of Tethys with whom she sometimes shares characteristics.	Thetis	Doris
mother	Princess Tenagnework Haile Selassie baptismal name Fikirte Mariam (12 January 1912 -- 6 April 2003) of Ethiopia was the eldest child of Emperor Haile Selassie and Empress Menen Asfaw.	Princess Tenagnework	Menen Asfaw
mother	William FitzEmpress (22 July 1136 at Argentan, Normandy, -- 30 January 1163/64 at Rouen, Normandy) was the youngest of the three sons of Geoffrey, Count of Anjou and Empress Matilda, daughter of King Henry I of England.	William FitzEmpress	Empress Matilda
mother	In Greek mythology, Aphareus (Ancient Greek: Ἀφαρεύς), son of Gorgophone and Perieres, was the husband of Arene, daughter of Oebalus, and father of Lynceus, Idas and Peisus, though some report that Idas' actual father was Poseidon.	Aphareus	Gorgophone
mother	Sanchia of Provence (c. 1228 -- 9 November 1261) was the third daughter of Ramon Berenguer IV, Count of Provence and Beatrice of Savoy.	Sanchia of Provence	Beatrice of Savoy
mother	Émilie Pellapra (11 November 1806 -- 22 May 1871), comtesse de Brigode, princesse de Chimay, was the daughter of Françoise-Marie LeRoy and possibly Napoleon I of France.	Émilie Pellapra	Françoise-Marie LeRoy
mother	According to the thirteenth-century Tale of Ragnar Lodbrok, Aslaug was the daughter of Sigurd and the shieldmaiden Brynhildr, but was raised by Brynhildr's foster father Heimer.	Aslaug	Brynhildr
mother	In Greek mythology, Thaumas (/ˈθɔːməs/; Θαύμας; gen.: Θαύμαντος; folk etymology ``wonder'') was a sea god, son of Pontus and Gaia.	Thaumas	Gaia
mother	Umm Kulthum bint Abi Bakr (Arabic: أم كلثوم بنت ابي بكر ‎) (born c.634 (13 AH)), was a daughter of Abu Bakr and Habiba bint Kharija.	Umm Kulthum bint Abi Bakr	Habiba bint Kharija
mouth of the watercourse	The Uces is a river in Salamanca province, tributary of the Douro.	Uces	Douro
mouth of the watercourse	Galga is one of the right-hand side rivers of Zagyva in the Cserhát, Great Hungarian Plain, Hungary.	Galga	Zagyva
mouth of the watercourse	The Pinheiros River (Portuguese: Rio Pinheiros) is a tributary of the Tietê River that runs 25 kilometres (16 mi) through the city of São Paulo, Brazil.	Pinheiros River	Tietê River
mouth of the watercourse	The Little Scarcies River is a river in west Africa that begins in Guinea and flows into Sierra Leone, after which it empties into the Atlantic Ocean.	Little Scarcies River	Atlantic Ocean
mouth of the watercourse	The River Bleng is a tributary of the River Irt in the county of Cumbria in northern England.	River Bleng	River Irt
mouth of the watercourse	Ufa River (Russian: Уфа, Bashkir: Ҡариҙел, Qaridhel, literally The Black Idel) is a river in the Urals, Chelyabinsk Oblast, Sverdlovsk Oblast, and the Republic of Bashkortostan; a tributary of the Belaya River.	Ufa River	Belaya River
mouth of the watercourse	The Tainionvirta is a river in the Päijänne Tavastia region of Finland.	Tainionvirta	Päijänne
mouth of the watercourse	The River Ravensbourne is a tributary of the River Thames in south London, England.	River Ravensbourne	River Thames
mouth of the watercourse	The Kalmius flows into the Sea of Azov near the Azovstal steel manufacturing complex in Mariupol.	Kalmius	Sea of Azov
mouth of the watercourse	The Chad Basin is the largest endorheic drainage basin in Africa, centered on Lake Chad.	Chad Basin	Lake Chad
mouth of the watercourse	Tancheon, a tributary of Seoul's Han River, is a stream beginning in the city of Yongin in Gyeonggi-do and flowing through Seongnam and then between the districts of Songpa-gu and Gangnam-gu in Seoul before entering flowing into the Han River.	Tancheon	Han River
mouth of the watercourse	Munmurra River rises on the southern slopes of the Great Dividing Range, below Breeza Lookout, northeast of Cassilis and flows generally south by west, joined by four minor tributaries before reaching its confluence with the Goulburn River.	Munmurra River	Goulburn River
mouth of the watercourse	The Knife River is a tributary of the Missouri River, approximately 120 mi (193 km) long, in North Dakota in the United States.	Knife River	Missouri River
named after	Belaya Rus (Belarusian for ``White Russia''; Cyrillic: ``Белая Русь'') is a Belarusian public association founded on 17 November 2007 to support President Alexander Lukashenko.	Belaya Rus	White Russia
named after	In mathematics, Puiseux series are a generalization of power series, first introduced by Isaac Newton in 1676 and rediscovered by Victor Puiseux in 1850, that allows for negative and fractional exponents of the indeterminate T. A Puiseux series in the indeterminate T is a Laurent series in T1/n, where n is a positive integer.	Puiseux series	Victor Puiseux
named after	Hautes-Alpes (French pronunciation: ​(ot.z‿alp); Occitan: Auts Aups) is a department in southeastern France named after the Alps mountain range.	Hautes-Alpes	Alps
named after	The P-15 Termit (Russian: П-15 ``Термит''; English: termite) is an anti-ship missile developed by the Soviet Union's Raduga design bureau in the 1950s.	P-15 Termit	termite
named after	Norway is bordered by Finland and Russia to the north-east, and the Skagerrak Strait to the south, with Denmark on the other side.	Norway	north
named after	148 Gallia (as Greek Γαλλία) is a large main-belt asteroid that is named after the Latin name for France:	148 Gallia	France
named after	Beginning in the late 1960s, this opening idea was also promoted by Pal Benko, a Hungarian-American Grandmaster, who provided many new suggestions and published his book The Benko Gambit in 1974.	Benko Gambit	Pal Benko
named after	The Cartesian product is named after René Descartes, whose formulation of analytic geometry gave rise to the concept, which is further generalized in terms of direct product.	Cartesian product	René Descartes
named after	In mathematics, Weitzenböck's inequality, named after Roland Weitzenböck, states that for a triangle of side lengths a, b, c, and area \Delta, the following inequality holds: a^2 + b^2 + c^2 \geq 4\sqrt(3)\, \Delta .	Weitzenböck's inequality	Roland Weitzenböck
named after	Sikyona takes its name from the ancient city Sicyon, which was located in the same territory.	Sikyona	Sicyon
named after	Haute-Corse (French pronunciation: ​(ot.kɔʁs); Corsican: Corsica suprana) (English: Upper Corsica) is a department of France consisting of the northern part of the island of Corsica.	Haute-Corse	Corsica
named after	The CSU-associated Hanns Seidel Foundation (German: Hanns-Seidel-Stiftung) is a German party-associated foundation.	Hanns Seidel Foundation	Hanns-Seidel
named after	The Rocky Mountain elk (Cervus elaphus) is a subspecies of elk found in the Rocky Mountains and adjacent ranges of Western North America.	Rocky Mountain elk	Rocky Mountains
named after	Kletting Peak is a mountain in Summit County, Utah, named in 1964 for Utah architect Richard K.A. Kletting (1858-1943).	Kletting Peak	Richard K.A. Kletting
narrative location	Location filming for Billion Dollar Brain took place in Helsinki and other parts of Finland, including Turku.	Billion Dollar Brain	Finland
narrative location	Sling Blade is a 1996 American drama film set in rural Arkansas, written and directed by Billy Bob Thornton, who also stars in the lead role.	Sling Blade	Arkansas
narrative location	Additionally, Apatow held a stand-up comedy concert event called ``A Night of Funny People'' at the Orpheum Theater in Los Angeles to film a scene for the movie.	Funny People	Los Angeles
narrative location	The Legend of The Beverly Hillbillies special ignored several plot twists of the TV movie, notably Jethro was now not a film director but a leading Los Angeles physician.	The Beverly Hillbillies	Los Angeles
narrative location	Lovely to look at (Frank G. DeMarco's photography gives even the chilly New York City exteriors a romantic sheen) and beautifully acted, Peter and Vandy is often charming but also strenuous.	Peter and Vandy	New York City
narrative location	Harsh Times is a 2005 American crime film set in South Los Angeles.	Harsh Times	Los Angeles
narrative location	Strawberry Cliff is a 2011 Hong Kong thriller film written and directed by Chris Chow, who has participated in writing scripts for films such as Fearless and Blood:	Strawberry Cliff	Hong Kong
narrative location	Journey for Margaret is a 1942 drama film set in London in World War II. It stars Robert Young and Laraine Day as a couple who have to deal with the loss of their unborn child due to a bombing raid.	Journey for Margaret	London
narrative location	Enter the Dragon is a 1973 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Robert Clouse; starring Bruce Lee, John Saxon and Jim Kelly.	Enter the Dragon	Hong Kong
native language	Isabelle Carré (born 28 May 1971) is a French actress, who has appeared in more than 70 films since 1989.	Isabelle Carré	French
native language	Bruno Mégret (born 4 April 1949) is a French nationalist politician.	Bruno Mégret	French
native language	Gérard Oury (29 April 1919 -- 20 July 2006) was a French film director, actor and writer.	Gérard Oury	French
native language	Germaine Dermoz (born Germaine Deluermoz, 30 July 1888 -- 6 November 1966) was a French film and theatre actress of the early-to-mid twentieth century.	Germaine Dermoz	French
native language	Denise Grey, real name Édouardine Verthuy, was a French actress.	Denise Grey	French
native language	Gabriele Stauner (born April 22, 1948 in Wolfratshausen) is a German politician and a former Member of the European Parliament.	Gabriele Stauner	German
native language	Eugène Bonaventure Jean-Baptiste Vigo (known as Miguel Almereyda; 5 January 1883 -- 14 August 1917) was a French journalist and activist against militarism.	Miguel Almereyda	French
native language	Christiaan Cicek (born 3 December 1988 in Hengelo) is a Dutch-Aramean footballer who plays as a striker for SVZW in the Dutch Hoofdklasse.	Christiaan Cicek	Dutch
native language	Farid Chopel (4 December 1952 Paris - 20 April 2008 Paris) was a French actor, comedian and singer.	Farid Chopel	French
native language	Fernand Joseph Désiré Contandin (8 May 1903 -- 26 February 1971), better known as Fernandel, was a French actor and singer.	Fernandel	French
native language	Toussaint-Bernard Émeric-David (20 August 1755 -- 2 April 1839) was a French archaeologist and writer on art.	Toussaint-Bernard Émeric-David	French
native language	Andréa Parisy (sometimes credited as Andrée Parizy; 4 December 1935 -- 27 April 2014), was a French film actress.	Andréa Parisy	French
native language	Josiane Balasko (born Josiane Balašković; 15 April 1950) is a French actress, writer and director.	Josiane Balasko	French
native language	Marie-Anne Chapdelaine (born March 20, 1962 in Revin) is a French politician, member of the Socialist Party.	Marie-Anne Chapdelaine	French
native language	Charles Louis Huguet, marquis de Sémonville (9 March 1759 -- 11 August 1839) was a French diplomat and politician.	Charles Louis Huguet, marquis de Sémonville	French
native language	``Gert Willner'' (in German).	Gert Willner	German
native language	Birgit Sippel (born in Bochum (Germany) on 29 January 1960) is a German politician and has been Member of the European Parliament since 2009, representing the constituency of Südwestfalen in the south of the federal state of North Rhine-Westphalia.	Birgit Sippel	German
native language	Count Jean Dominique Compans (June 26, 1769, Salies-du-Salat-November 10, 1845, Blagnac) was a French Divisional General from 1811 and a participant of Napoleonic Wars.	Jean Dominique Compans	French
native language	Mgr Pierre-Marin Rouph de Varicourt (9 May 1755, Versonnex, Ain - 9 December 1822, Orléans) was a French Catholic priest, representing the clergy at the States-General, serving as a deputy to the 1789 Constituent Assembly and finally becoming bishop of Orléans.	Pierre-Marin Rouph de Varicourt	French
native language	Rubén Plaza Molina (born 29 February 1980) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer for Lampre--	Rubén Plaza	Spanish
native language	Pierre des Maizeaux, also spelled Desmaizeaux (c. 1666 or 1673 -- June 1745), was a French Huguenot writer exiled in London, best known as the translator and biographer of Pierre Bayle.	Pierre des Maizeaux	French
native language	Jean-Félix Tchicaya was a Congolese politician in the French colony of Middle Congo.	Jean-Félix Tchicaya	French
native language	Louis Jacques Thénard (4 May 1777 -- 21 June 1857), was a French chemist.	Louis Jacques Thénard	French
native language	Ruprecht Polenz (May 26, 1946 in Denkwitz near Bautzen) is a German politician and member of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) political party.	Ruprecht Polenz	German
native language	Ana María Matute Ausejo (26 July 1925 -- 25 June 2014) was an internationally acclaimed Spanish writer and member of the Real Academia Española.	Ana María Matute	Spanish
native language	Anouk Aimée (French pronunciation: ​(anuk ɛme); born 27 April 1932) is a French film actress, who has appeared in 70 films since 1947, having begun her film career at age 14.	Anouk Aimée	French
native language	Abel Gance (25 October 1889 -- 10 November 1981) was a French film director and producer, writer and actor.	Abel Gance	French
native language	Kristina Schröder (née Köhler, born 3 August 1977) is a German politician who served as the Federal Minister of Family Affairs, Senior Citizens, Women and Youth from 2009 to 2013.	Kristina Schröder	German
native language	Claude Ambroise Régnier, Duke of Massa (6 April 1746 -- 24 June 1814) was a French lawyer and politician.	Claude Ambroise Régnier	French
native language	Pierre Abraham, (1 March 1892 -- 20 May 1974 in Paris) was a French journalist and encyclopedist and military figure in the French Air Force during the world wars.	Pierre Abraham	French
native language	Françoise de Veyrinas (4 September 1943 -- 16 August 2008), born Gardey de Soos, was a French politician and Member of the European Parliament.	Françoise de Veyrinas	French
native language	Hinde Ester Singer Kreytman (31 March 1891 -- 13 June 1954), known in English as Esther Kreitman, was a Yiddish-language novelist and short story writer.	Esther Kreitman	Yiddish
native language	Robert Galley (January 11, 1921 -- June 8, 2012) was a French politician and member of the Free French Forces during World War II, for which he received the Ordre de la Libération.	Robert Galley	French
native language	Amruta Subhash is an Indian actress who works in Marathi films, television and theatre industry.	Amruta Subhash	Marathi
native language	Anne-Marie Idrac (born 27 July 1951 in Saint-Brieuc, Côtes-d'Armor) is a French politician, member of the Nouveau Centre political party, was French Minister of State for foreign trade.	Anne-Marie Idrac	French
native language	Thomas Hugues (born 11 May 1966 in Versailles) is a French journalist, producer and television host.	Thomas Hugues	French
native language	Théophile Berlier (1 February 1761 in Dijon -- 12 September 1844 in Dijon) was a French jurist and politician, who was a member of the National Convention from 1792 until 1795.	Théophile Berlier	French
native language	Bertran de Born (Occitan: (beɾˈtɾan de ˈbɔɾn); 1140s -- by 1215) was a baron from the Limousin in France, and one of the major Occitan troubadours of the twelfth century.	Bertran de Born	Occitan
native language	Ralf Brauksiepe (born 14 March 1967 in Hattingen) is a German politician and member of the conservative CDU.	Ralf Brauksiepe	German
native language	Jutta Appelt (born 17 September 1939) is a German politician and writer from the German Christian Democratic Union.	Jutta Appelt	German
native language	Pierre Victurnien Vergniaud (31 May 1753 -- 31 October 1793) was a lawyer and statesman, and a significant figure of the French Revolution.	Pierre Victurnien Vergniaud	French
native language	Thélus Léro (22 February 1909 in Lamentin, Martinique -- 22 July 1996 in Fort-de-France) was a communist politician from Martinique who was elected to the French Senate in 1946.	Thélus Léro	French
native language	Jean-François Bizot (14 August 1944 -- 8 September 2007) was a French journalist and writer.	Jean-François Bizot	French
native language	Mallaury Nataf (aka Mallory Nataf) (born Marie-Laurence Nataf, 19 March 1972) is a French singer and actress.	Mallaury Nataf	French
native language	Heike Kamerlingh Onnes (Dutch: (ˈɔnəs); 21 September 1853 -- 21 February 1926) was a Dutch physicist and Nobel laureate.	Heike Kamerlingh Onnes	Dutch
native language	Francine Caron (born 18 September 1945 in Batz-sur-Mer) is a French writer and poet.	Francine Caron	French
native language	Jean Crespin (c.1520 -- 12 April 1572) was a French Protestant lawyer who became a significant printer and martyrologist in Geneva.	Jean Crespin	French
native language	Katherina Reiche (born 16 July 1973 in Luckenwalde, Brandenburg) is a German politician.	Katherina Reiche	German
native language	Béatrice Romand (born 1952, Birkhadem, French Algeria) is a French actress.	Béatrice Romand	French
occupation	John Fery (1859--1934) (born Johann Nepomuk Levy) was an Austrian-born painter, known for his works of the Western United States.	John Fery	painter
occupation	Stephen Frink is a prolific underwater photographer and has contributed to Skin Diver Magazine and Scuba Diving magazine.	Stephen Frink	photographer
occupation	Alice Ritzman (born March 1, 1952) is an American professional golfer, who played on the LPGA Tour from 1978 to 1998.	Alice Ritzman	golfer
occupation	Jane Comfort of Oak Ridge, Tennessee is an American choreographer, director, and dancer.	Jane Comfort	choreographer
occupation	Florence Hedges (August 24, 1878 -- December 17, 1956) was a pioneering American plant pathologist and botanist with the United States Department of Agriculture's Bureau of Plant Industry.	Florence Hedges	botanist
occupation	Paul McPhee is an American artist born and raised in Southern California, who lives in Martha's Vineyard Island.	Paul McPhee	artist
occupation	Sharon Tomiko Santos (born July 5, 1961 in San Francisco, California), American politician, is a Washington State representative representing the 37th legislative district.	Sharon Tomiko Santos	politician
occupation	Bashir Syed or Bashir A. Syed, Sc.D., (Died 1st June, 2015 in Houston, TX) was Pakistani-American solar physicist and a NASA research scientist in the field of Robotics and solar sciences.	Bashir Syed	physicist
occupation	Shane Feldman is a motivational speaker and critically acclaimed producer.	Shane Feldman	motivational speaker
occupation	John Nash Round was an English Victorian ecclesiastical architect active in the mid-nineteenth-century Kent, England.	John Nash Round	architect
occupation	Rafael Hernández Ochoa (June 4, 1915 -- May 18, 1990) was a Mexican politician and lawyer, Governor of Veracruz, from 1 December 1974 to 30 November 1980.	Rafael Hernández Ochoa	politician
occupation	Roberto Benigni is also a singer-songwriter.	Roberto Benigni	singer
occupation	Francesco Denanto was an Italian painter and woodcutter of the Renaissance period.	Francesco Denanto	painter
occupation	Norman Duncan (2 July 1871 -8 October 1916) was an author, journalist and educator.	Norman Duncan	journalist
occupation	José Genaro Kingo Nonaka, born Kingo Nonaka (野中 金吾 Nonaka Kingo), was a Mexican combat medic during the Mexican Revolution and later became the first documentary photographer of Tijuana.	Kingo Nonaka	combat medic	photographer
occupation	Captain William Mackintosh was an Irish-born British Army officer and Canadian surveyor and engineer.	Captain William Mackintosh	engineer
occupation	Simon William Lord is an English musical composer, record producer and musician.	Simon William Lord	record producer	musician
occupation	Steve Allrich (born Chicago, Illinois) is an American screenwriter and painter.	Steve Allrich	screenwriter	painter
occupation	Raja Bundela (Raja Rajeshwar Pratap Singh Judev) is an Indian actor, producer, politician and civil activist.	Raja Bundela	actor	politician
occupation	Brook Busey-Maurio (born June 14, 1978), better known by the pen name Diablo Cody, is an American screenwriter, producer, director, author, journalist, memoirist and stripper.	Diablo Cody	screenwriter
occupation	Dennis Letts (September 5, 1934 -- February 22, 2008) was an American college professor and actor.	Dennis Letts	actor
occupation	Thalia Assuras is a veteran television journalist and the principal of a consulting practice focused on media relations, media training, strategic planning and executive coaching.	Thalia Assuras	journalist
occupation	Neil Shubin (born December 22, 1960) is an American paleontologist, evolutionary biologist and popular science writer of Russian descent.	Neil Shubin	paleontologist
occupation	Epaphroditus Champion (April 6, 1756 -- December 22, 1834) was a nineteenth-century war veteran, politician and land owner from Connecticut.	Epaphroditus Champion	politician
occupation	Bradley Burston (Hebrew: בראדלי בורסטון‎) is an American-born Israeli journalist.	Bradley Burston	journalist
occupation	Sunetra Choudhury is a journalist and anchor with the Indian news channel NDTV 24x7 .	Sunetra Choudhury	journalist
occupation	Larry Groce (born April 22, 1948) is an American singer-songwriter and radio host.	Larry Groce	singer-songwriter
occupation	Marko Turina (Zagreb, 1937) is Croatian cardiac surgeon.	Marko Turina	surgeon
occupation	Guillermo Lohmann Villena (1915--2005) was a Peruvian diplomat, historian, lawyer, and writer.	Guillermo Lohmann Villena	diplomat	historian
occupation	Nitza Metzger Szmuk (Hebrew: ניצה מצגר סמוק) is an Israeli architect, and Emet Prize laureate in architecture for her work on documentation and preservation of Tel Aviv's White City.	Nitza Metzger Szmuk	architect
occupation	Nicdali Rivera-Calanoc is an American former mixed martial artist who competed in the Atomweight division.	Nicdali Rivera-Calanoc	mixed martial artist
occupation	Cynthia Robinson (January 12, 1944 -- November 23, 2015) was an American musician, best known for being the trumpeter and vocalist in Sly and the Family Stone.	Cynthia Robinson	musician
occupation	John Simson Woolson (December 6, 1840 -- December 4, 1899) was a federal judge in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Iowa in the late Nineteenth century.	John Simson Woolson	judge
occupation	Cleveland Denny (died July 6, 1980) was a Guyanese boxer.	Cleveland Denny	boxer
occupation	Alan Lund, OC (May 23, 1925 -- July 1, 1992) was a Canadian dancer and choreographer, who worked in television, movies and theatre.	Alan Lund	dancer	choreographer
occupation	Dorilus Morrison (December 27, 1814 -- June 26, 1897) was a banker, businessman, and Republican politician who lived in the US state of Minnesota.	Dorilus Morrison	politician
occupation	Ma Yinchu (simplified Chinese: 马寅初; traditional Chinese: 馬寅初; pinyin: Mǎ Yínchū; 1882--1982) was a prominent Chinese economist.	Ma Yinchu	economist
occupation	David Drovdal (born March 29, 1945 in Portland, Oregon) is an American politician from the state of North Dakota.	David Drovdal	politician
occupation	Margi Scharff (b. February 11, 1955, Memphis, Tennessee - d. July 2, 2007, Tiburon, California) was an American artist.	Margi Scharff	artist
occupation	Beverley Bie Brahic is a Canadian poet and translator who lives in Paris, France and the San Francisco Bay Area.	Beverley Bie Brahic	poet	translator
occupation	Fred Van Hove (born 1937) is a Belgian jazz musician and a pioneer of European free jazz.	Fred Van Hove	jazz musician
occupation	Anthony J. Armentano (June 21, 1916 -- December 25, 1987) was an American politician who was the 75th Lieutenant Governor of Connecticut from 1961 to 1963.	Anthony J. Armentano	politician
occupation	Georges Dwelshauvers, who also wrote under the pseudonym Georges Mesnil (1866--1937) was a Flemish Belgian philosopher and psychologist.	Georges Dwelshauvers	philosopher	psychologist
occupation	Napua Stevens Poire (born Harriet Daisy Kawaiala Kao'ionapuapi'ilani Stevens, August 31, 1918 -- January 7, 1990) was a well-known Hawaiian entertainer, singer, hula dancer, musician, teacher, radio-TV personality, producer and author.	Napua Stevens	singer
occupation	Maksim Kartashov (Russian: Максим Карташов) is a Kazakh journalist; a sports correspondent of Vremya weekly, chief editor of Hokkey Kazakhstana and a contributor to Express-K. In August 2012 he was assaulted in Almaty at his flat.	Maksim Kartashov	journalist
occupation	Leon Herbert is a British actor, director, writer and producer.	Leon Herbert	actor	writer
occupation	Tommaso Marchesi (Italian pronunciation: (tomˈmaːzo marˈkeːzi); March 7, 1773 -- June 6, 1852) was an Italian composer.	Tommaso Marchesi	composer
occupation	Benny Lévy (also Pierre Victor; 1945--2003) was a philosopher, political activist and author.	Benny Lévy	philosopher
occupation	Contessa Brewer (born March 16, 1974) is an American freelance television journalist.	Contessa Brewer	journalist
occupation	Doug Shanahan (born January 11, 1979) is a professional lacrosse player who is a midfielder and faced off for the Long Island Lizards of Major League Lacrosse (MLL) during his professional career.	Doug Shanahan	lacrosse player
occupation	Nikki Webster (born 30 April 1987) is an Australian pop singer and actress.	Nikki Webster	singer
occupation	Fred Rouhling (born January 24, 1970) is a French rock climber, famed for his 1995 proposal of the grade 9b/5.15b for his unrepeated climb Akira.	Fred Rouhling	rock climber
occupation	Ada Ward was an English actress and singer who became a star in Australia in the 1870s, and later worked in the United States.	Ada Ward	singer
occupation	Gastón Guzmán (August 26, 1932 -- January 12, 2016), a Mexican mycologist and anthropologist, was an authority on the genus Psilocybe.	Gastón Guzmán	mycologist	anthropologist
occupation	Dr. Nancy M. Stuart is an American portrait photographer, as well as a photography educator and administrator.	Nancy M. Stuart	photographer
occupation	Clément Soubeyras is a French rugby league player currently playing for AS Carcassonne in the Elite One Championship.	Clément Soubeyras	rugby league player
occupation	Kim Peacock (1901--1966) was a British film and radio actor.	Kim Peacock	actor
occupation	Prince Dimitri Ivanovich Dolgorukov (1797--1867), also known as Dolgorouki or Dolgoruki, was born in one of the most prominent families in Russia, and was a career diplomat.	Dimitri Ivanovich Dolgorukov	diplomat
occupation	Farinaz Koushanfar is an Iranian electrical engineer and professor.	Farinaz Koushanfar	engineer
occupation	Mark Velasquez (born August 2, 1977) is a photographer who competed on the first season of Bravo's reality television competition, Work of Art:	Mark Velasquez	photographer
occupation	Christiane Pflug (June 20, 1936 -- April 1972) was a German-born Canadian painter and draughtswoman.	Christiane Pflug	painter
occupation	Terry Cashman (born Dennis Minogue, July 5, 1941, in New York) is a record producer and singer-songwriter, best known for his 1981 hit, ``Talkin' Baseball.''	Terry Cashman	singer-songwriter
occupation	Edward Gargan (July 17, 1902 -- February 19, 1964) was an American actor, one of the most prolific bit players in the history of the movies.	Edward Gargan	actor
occupation	Parag Sanghvi is an Indian film, producer, CEO of Alumbra Entertainment & Lotus Film company.	Parag Sanghvi	film, producer
occupation	Rut Rex-Viehöver is a German actor and musician.	Rut Rex	actor
occupation	Quincy Lamont Williams (born August 17, 1984), known by his stage name Peewee Longway is a rapper from Atlanta, Georgia who was one of the last signees of 1017 Records before founder Gucci Mane's 2013--2015 imprisonment.	Peewee Longway	rapper
occupation	Francis Lewis Cardozo (February 1, 1836 -- July 22, 1903) was a clergyman, politician, and educator.	Francis Lewis Cardozo	politician
occupation	Michael Burstein (born July 1, 1945) is an Israeli-American actor known onstage as Mike Burstyn.	Mike Burstyn	actor
occupation	Thengamam Balakrishnan (April 1, 1927 -- July 3, 2013) was an Indian politician, journalist and editor for Janayugom.	Thengamam Balakrishnan	politician	journalist
occupation	Nils Foss (born May 11, 1928) is a Danish director and civil engineer.	Nils Foss	civil engineer
occupation	Martin Rivera (born October 20, 1982), better known as Noztra, is a reggaeton musician.	Noztra	musician
occupation	Steve Hatcher (born July 30, 1967) is an American pornographic actor.	Steve Hatcher	pornographic actor
occupation	Claire Sterling (née Neikind; October 21, 1919 -- June 17, 1995) was an American author and journalist whose work focused on crime, political assassination, and terrorism.	Claire Sterling	journalist
occupation	Hillier compares Sharaku to French painter Paul Cézanne, who he believes ``has to struggle to express himself, hampered and angered by the limitations of his draughtsmanship''.	Sharaku	painter
occupation	Ellen Miles is an American author, the writer of the Puppy Place and Kitty Corner series of children's books.	Ellen Miles	writer
occupation	Adyashanti (/ˈædjəʃænti/; Sanskrit word meaning ``primordial peace''; born Steven Gray in 1962) is an American spiritual teacher and writer from the San Francisco Bay Area who gives regular satsangs in the United States and also teaches abroad.	Adyashanti	teacher	writer
occupation	Joe Bowker was an English boxer who was bantamweight champion of the world in 1904 and 1905.	Joe Bowker	boxer
occupation	Charlie Rhindress (born May 9, 1966) is an actor, playwright and director living in Halifax, Nova Scotia.	Charlie Rhindress	playwright
occupation	Nicola Furlong is a Canadian novelist who lives in Sidney, British Columbia.	Nicola Furlong	novelist
occupation	Bronislav Grombchevsky (Russian: Бронислав Людвигович Громбчевский; Polish: Bronisław Grąbczewski, 1855--1926) was an ethnic Polish officer in the Imperial Russian Army and an explorer/spy, famed for his participation in The Great Game.	Bronislav Grombchevsky	explorer
occupation	Roger V. Gould (October 12, 1962 -- April 29, 2002) was a sociologist who emphasized the importance of basing theories upon research into actual events.	Roger V. Gould	sociologist
occupation	Nick Eversman (born February 15, 1986) is an American actor, best known for his role as Michael Winstone on the ABC mystery drama Missing.	Nick Eversman	actor
occupation	Calogero Bagarella (January 14, 1935 -- December 10, 1969) was an Italian criminal and member of the Sicilian Mafia.	Calogero Bagarella	criminal
occupation	R. Balasubramaniam was a Tamil film actor whose career spanned from the late 1930s through late 50s.	R. Balasubramaniam	actor
occupation	Franklin D. Fraser (April 23, 1819 -- November 10, 1879) was a Florida lawyer and a Republican politician who served on the Florida Supreme Court from 1873 to 1874.	Franklin D. Fraser	lawyer	politician
occupation	Dagmar Dahlgren (January 17, 1880 - October 20, 1951) was a dancer, singer and motion picture actress of the silent film era from Los Angeles, California.	Dagmar Dahlgren	dancer
occupation	Markus Kupferblum (12 June 1964) is an Austrian theatre and opera director, author and clown.	Markus Kupferblum	clown
occupation	Ian Blackwood (born August 12, 1982) is a Canadian musician and actor known for being the vocalist/guitarist of the Toronto based punk rock band The Artist Life, and for playing Kyle Bateman on the CTV teen hit Instant Star.	Ian Blackwood	musician	actor
occupation	Andy McQuade is an award winning British film and theatre director and writer, residing in LA.	Andy McQuade	theatre director
occupation	Regan Ryzuk (born Regan Onufry Ryzuk, March 29, 1955, New York) is an American composer and pianist.	Regan Ryzuk	composer
occupation	Lieutenant General Sir James Campbell, 1st Baronet (1763--1819) GCH, 3rd of Inverneill House was a Scottish soldier, politician and colonial administrator.	Sir James Campbell, 1st Baronet	politician
occupation	Salvatore Commesso (born March 28, 1975) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer who most recently rode for UCI Professional Continental team Preti Mangimi.	Salvatore Commesso	bicycle racer
occupation	Merlin Hull (December 18, 1870 -- May 17, 1953) was a lawyer, a newspaper publisher, and a member of the United States House of Representatives from Wisconsin.	Merlin Hull	lawyer
occupation	Adjetey Anang (born 8 July 1973) is a Ghanaian actor, popularly known as ``Pusher'', which was his screen name in the television series Things We Do for Love.	Adjetey Anang	actor
occupation	Gilbert Imlay (February 9, 1754 -- November 20, 1828) was an American businessman, author, and diplomat.	Gilbert Imlay	diplomat
occupation	Keyshia Cole (born October 15, 1981) is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, businesswoman and television personality.	Keyshia Cole	singer, songwriter
occupation	Berkant was the stage name of Turkish singer Berkant Akgürgen (December 31, 1938 - October 1, 2012).	Berkant	singer
occupation	Dr. Amy Wechsler is a dermatologist in New York City.	Amy Wechsler	dermatologist
occupation	Ivan Zlatev (Bulgarian: Иван Златев) (born August 1, 1990) is a Bulgarian biathlete.	Ivan Zlatev	biathlete
occupation	Dominick Moreno is an American politician, who was elected to the Colorado House of Representatives in the 2012 elections.	Dominick Moreno	politician
occupation	Kiera Cass (born May 1981) is an American writer of young-adult fiction, most known for The Selection and its sequels.	Kiera Cass	writer
occupation	Dr. Shashanka Koirala (Nepali: डा. शशांक कोइराला) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the political dynasty of B.P Koirala.	Shashanka Koirala	politician
occupation	Carlos Monsiváis Aceves (May 4, 1938 -- June 19, 2010) was a Mexican writer, critic, political activist, and journalist.	Carlos Monsiváis	writer	journalist
occupation	Stephen Dando-Collins is an award-winning Australian historical author and novelist, with books centred on Antiquity, American history, British history, Australian history, and French history.	Stephen Dando-Collins	novelist
occupation	Arūnas Bubnys (born November 7, 1961) is a Lithuanian historian and archivist.	Arūnas Bubnys	historian
occupation	Mario Bulfone, better known by his ring name Mario Milano is a former professional wrestler.	Mario Milano	professional wrestler
occupation	Son of Jaime del Burgo Torres, a Carlist politician.	Jaime del Burgo	politician
occupation	Muriel Sibell Wolle (born April 3, 1898 in Brooklyn, New York) was an American artist best known for her drawings and paintings of mining communities in the western states.	Muriel Sibell Wolle	artist
occupation	Sam Wu is an American photographer of the 1950s and 1960s.	Sam Wu	photographer
occupation	Nikita Thukral was reportedly banned from Kannada films for three years starting from 10 September 2011 by the Kannada Film Producers' Association (KFPA) for an alleged illicit relationship with actor Darshan.	Nikita Thukral	actor
occupation	Terry Setch (born 11 March 1936) is a painter and Royal Academy (RA) member who lives in Penarth, Wales.	Terry Setch	painter
occupation	Harry Hershfield (October 13, 1885 - December 15, 1974) was an American cartoonist, humor writer and radio personality.	Harry Hershfield	cartoonist
occupation	Tracii Guns (born Tracy Richard Irving Ulrich on January 20, 1966) is an American guitarist best known as the founder of glam metal group L.A. Guns as well as the supergroups Brides of Destruction and Contraband.	Tracii Guns	guitarist
occupation	B. Subbayya Shetty is an Indian politician who has been a Minister in the Government of Karnataka.	B. Subbayya Shetty	politician
occupation	Carsten Wieland is a political consultant and journalist, specialized in Middle Eastern affairs, he has written a number of books concerning Syria and the Syrian civil war.	Carsten Wieland	journalist
occupation	``In the oils and drawings exhibited by Chatin Sarachi here is the work of a former diplomat whom one mighty moment has blessed.	Chatin Sarachi	diplomat
occupation	RJ Shaughnessy (b. Hollywood, Florida) is an American photographer, designer, artist and publisher.	RJ Shaughnessy	photographer
occupation	Bruno Lucchesi (born 1926) is an Italian-American sculptor known for his figurative work.	Bruno Lucchesi	sculptor
occupation	Onib Olmedo (July 7, 1937 - September 8, 1996) was an award-winning expressionist Filipino painter.	Onib Olmedo	painter
occupation	Fernand Gignac (March 23, 1934 - August 18, 2006) was a French Canadian singer and actor.	Fernand Gignac	actor
occupation	Michael Novak (born September 9, 1933) is an American Catholic philosopher, journalist, novelist, and diplomat.	Michael Novak	philosopher	diplomat
occupation	Oliver Pollock (1737, Coleraine, Ireland -- December 17, 1823, Pinckneyville, Mississippi) was a merchant and financier of the American Revolutionary War, of which he has long been considered a historically undervalued figure.	Oliver Pollock	financier
occupation	Ms Daniela Radkova-Aleksandrova is a Bulgarian folk singer, performing folklore from the Balkans, who became world known as a soloist at the Filip Kutev Ensemble, and at the orchestra of Goran Bregovic.	Daniela Radkova	singer
occupation	Martin Gründling (born February 13, 1987 in Holíč) is a Slovak professional ice hockey player who currently plays for Arystan Temirtau in the Kazakhstan Hockey Championship league.	Martin Gründling	ice hockey player
occupation	Keith Barbour (born January 21, 1941 in New York City) is an American singer-songwriter.	Keith Barbour	singer-songwriter
occupation	Greig Smith is a retired American politician of Los Angeles, California.	Greig Smith	politician
occupation	Farhan Adil (Urdu: فرحان عادل‎), (born September 25, 1977 in Karachi) is a former Pakistani cricketer.	Farhan Adil	cricketer
occupation	Ksenia Milicevic (born September 15, 1942) is a French painter, architect and town planner.	Ksenia Milicevic	painter	architect
occupation	Rosalind Newman (born November 12, 1946) is an internationally acclaimed choreographer who has created a body of over 70 works.	Rosalind Newman	choreographer
occupation	Sara Loren (Urdu: ساره لورين‎; born as Mona Lizza Hussain), is a Pakistani actress and model.	Sara Loren	model
occupation	Victor M. Longstreet (January 1, 1907 -- February 5, 2000) was an economist and at one time the president of the Boston Consulting Group.	Victor M. Longstreet	economist
occupation	Maria Newman (born Maria Louise Newman on January 18, 1962 in Los Angeles, California, USA) is an award-winning American composer of classical music, and a critically acclaimed violinist, violist and pianist.	Maria Newman	composer
occupation	Eduardo Morales Caso (born March 10, 1969 in Havana), is a Cuban composer that has consolidated a position as a prominent figure within the contemporary musical composition, with an international artistic trajectory.	Eduardo Morales Caso	composer
occupation	Stuart William Seeley (June 23, 1901 - November 4, 1978) was a noted American electrical engineer, best known for inventing the Foster-Seeley discriminator and SHORAN.	Stuart William Seeley	engineer
occupation	Leonardo de Lozanne is a Mexican singer-songwriter, member of the Mexican rock band Fobia.	Leonardo de Lozanne	singer
occupation	Craig Chester (born November 8, 1965) is an American actor, writer, and screenwriter.	Craig Chester	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Lola Karimova-Tillyaeva (born July 3, 1978) is an Uzbek diplomat and philanthropist.	Lola Karimova-Tillyaeva	diplomat
occupation	Edgar Meyer (born November 24, 1960) is an American bassist, multi-instrumentalist and composer.	Edgar Meyer	composer
occupation	Layla AbdelRahim is a Canadian comparatist anthropologist and author, whose works on narratives of civilization and wilderness have contributed to the fields of literary and cultural studies, animal studies, philosophy, sociology, anarcho-primitivst thought, epistemology, and critique of civilization and education.	Layla AbdelRahim	anthropologist
occupation	Gregorio Perfecto (November 28, 1891 -- August 17, 1949) was a Filipino journalist, politician and jurist who served as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines from 1945 to 1949.	Gregorio Perfecto	journalist
occupation	Andy Goddard (born 1968) is a British director and screenwriter, best known for writing and directing his feature debut Set Fire to the Stars (2014), and directing multiple episodes of ITV's period drama series Downton Abbey.	Andy Goddard	screenwriter
occupation	Alfred Kazin (June 5, 1915 -- June 5, 1998) was an American writer and literary critic, many of whose writings depicted the immigrant experience in early twentieth century America.	Alfred Kazin	literary critic
occupation	Zac Dawson (born 22 February 1986) is an Australian rules footballer who has played for the Hawthorn, St Kilda and Fremantle Football Clubs in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Zac Dawson	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Eyal Gordin is American cinematographer and television director.	Eyal Gordin	cinematographer
occupation	Jay Karnes (born June 27, 1963) is an American actor, best known for his role as LAPD detective Holland ``Dutch'' Wagenbach on the FX television series The Shield.	Jay Karnes	actor
occupation	The Saudi Arabian Professor Nayef Al-Rodhan began his career as a neurosurgeon and neuroscientist.	Nayef Al-Rodhan	neurosurgeon
occupation	Doris Coley (August 2, 1941 -- February 4, 2000) was a member (and occasional lead singer) of The Shirelles.	Doris Coley	singer
occupation	Chet Catallo (born March 11, 1953) is an American jazz, smooth jazz, jazz fusion, blues, pop, and rock guitarist.	Chet Catallo	guitarist
occupation	Joan Marie Aylward was a Canadian politician, who sat in the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly from 1996 to 2003 as a member of the Liberals.	Joan Marie Aylward	politician
occupation	Mark Kamins (April 13, 1955 -- February 14, 2013) was an American record producer and disc jockey famous for his role on the New York club scene.	Mark Kamins	disc jockey
occupation	William Harold Lee (December 9, 1884 -- February 3, 1971) was an American 20th century movie theater designer and later the chief architect for Eastern College.	William Harold Lee	architect
occupation	Richard Wallach (April 3, 1816 -- March 4, 1881) was an American politician who served as the nineteenth and first Republican Mayor of Washington, D.C.	Richard Wallach	politician
occupation	Jenny Dufau (1878--1924) was a French opera singer who found her success in Chicago.	Jenny Dufau	opera singer
occupation	Sean Horlor (born January 11, 1981) is a Canadian poet, actor, television producer, columnist and blogger.	Sean Horlor	poet	actor
occupation	Alan King (born Irwin Alan Kniberg; December 26, 1927 -- May 9, 2004) was an American actor and comedian known for his biting wit and often angry humorous rants.	Alan King	actor
occupation	Mario Canahuati is a Honduran politician, businessman and a former Honduran ambassador to the United States.	Mario Canahuati	politician
occupation	Jukka Koskinen is a Finnish musician, who is the bassist for the Finnish bands Wintersun and Cain's Offering.	Jukka Koskinen	musician
occupation	Karol Sabath (April 24, 1963 -- October 10, 2007) was a Polish biologist, paleontologist and paleoartist.	Karol Sabath	paleontologist
occupation	Young Corbett III (born Raffaele Giordano, May 27, 1905 -- July 15, 1993) was an Italian-born American boxer.	Young Corbett III	boxer
occupation	Ali Said Faqi (Somali: Cali Saiid Fakhi, Arabic: علي سعيد فقي‎) is a Somali scientist specializing in toxicology.	Ali Said Faqi	scientist
occupation	M. Feraud was a French diplomat of the 18th century who went on a mission to resume official French East India Company contacts with Burma in 1769.	M. Feraud	diplomat
occupation	Vigo Auguste Demant, Anglican clergyman, theologian and social commentator, was one of the 14 committee members who served on the Wolfenden report on Homosexual Offences and Prostitution.	Vigo Auguste Demant	theologian
occupation	Craig Marquis (born March 14, 1985) is an American poker player from Arlington, Texas, and a final table participant in the 2008 World Series of Poker Main Event.	Craig Marquis	poker player
occupation	Edmund Heuberger (1883--1962) was a Swiss art director, screenwriter and film director.	Edmund Heuberger	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Claudia Moore (born April 14, 1953 in Buffalo, New York) is a dancer and choreographer who resides in Toronto, Canada.	Claudia Moore	choreographer
occupation	Katha Pollitt (born October 14, 1949) is an American feminist poet, essayist and critic.	Katha Pollitt	poet
occupation	Norma Paulus (born March 13, 1933) is an American lawyer and politician in the state of Oregon.	Norma Paulus	lawyer	politician
occupation	John Shuster (/ˈʃuːstər/; born November 3, 1982) is an American curler and 2006 Olympic bronze medalist from Superior, Wisconsin.	John Shuster	curler
occupation	Friedrich Julius Reubke (March 23, 1834 -- June 3, 1858) was a German composer, pianist and organist.	Julius Reubke	composer	pianist
occupation	Amasi Martirosyan (Armenian: Ամասի Պետրոսի Մարտիրոսյան) was Armenian Film director, scripwriter and actor.	Amasi Martirosyan	actor
occupation	Lee Byung-hun (Hangul: 이병헌; born August 13, 1970 (July 12, 1970 in Lunar calendar)) is a South Korean actor.	Lee Byung-hun	actor
occupation	In an attempt to express their humanity to the fullest, the poetry of the Dertigers has a confessional quality in which the poet seems to be overheard in the midst of a prayer or confession.	Dertigers	poet
occupation	Lok Singh is a cinematographer in the Telugu film industry.	Lok Singh	cinematographer
occupation	Ian Buruma (born December 28, 1951) is a Dutch writer and historian who lives and works in the United States.	Ian Buruma	writer	historian
occupation	Robert Trevors is a Canadian politician who was elected to the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick in the 2010 provincial election.	Robert Trevors	politician
occupation	Auguszta Mátyás (born January 17, 1968 in Nagykanizsa) is a Hungarian handball player and Olympic medalist, who currently plays for Hungarian second division side Nagykanizsai Izzó SE.	Auguszta Mátyás	handball player
occupation	Steve Padgitt is a sociologist who studies environmental and community development.	Steve Padgitt	sociologist
occupation	Sher Lama (born January 9, 1973) is a Hong Kong cricketer who has played one One Day International and four ICC Trophy matches for Hong Kong.	Sher Lama	cricketer
occupation	Li Hongchen (Chinese: 李洪臣; pinyin: Lǐ Hóngchén; born October 29, 1975 in Mudanjiang, Heilongjiang) is an internationally elite curler who trains out of Harbin, China.	Li Hongchen	curler
occupation	Henry, Count of Malta was a Genoese adventurer, privateer and pirate active in the Mediterranean at the beginning of the thirteenth century.	Henry, Count of Malta	privateer
occupation	Roby Smith (born 1977) is a Republican politician and legislator from the state of Iowa.	Roby Smith	politician
occupation	Saverio Guerra (born August 25, 1964 as Saverio Guerra) is an American actor.	Saverio Guerra	actor
occupation	Rudolf Maximilian Butler, RIAI, FRIBA, RSAI, RHA, RIA, (1872 -- 1943) was a well-known Irish Roman Catholic ecclesiastical architectural historian, academic, journalist, and architect of Dublin active throughout late-nineteenth-century to mid-twentieth-century Ireland.	Rudolf Maximilian Butler	architect
occupation	Phil Nichol is a Canadian comedian, singer-songwriter, and actor.	Phil Nichol	singer-songwriter	actor
occupation	Steve Proffitt is an American radio journalist who is the former Senior Producer for the NPR newsmagazine, Day to Day.	Steve Proffitt	journalist
occupation	George Neczyporuk was an oil painter from Rochester, New York, who specialized in outdoor nature scenes.	George Neczyporuk	painter
occupation	Rohan O'Grady (July 23, 1922 -- March 17, 2014) is the pen name of the Canadian novelist June O'Grady Skinner.	Rohan O'Grady	novelist
occupation	Šarūnas Sakalauskas (September 24, 1960 in Kaunas) is a Lithuanian basketball coach.	Šarūnas Sakalauskas	basketball coach
occupation	Prem Rakshith is an Indian choreographer who has won four Filmfare Awards for Best Choreography.	Prem Rakshith	choreographer
occupation	Courtland Hector Hoppin (March 12, 1906 - January 28, 1974) was an American artist, photographer and pioneer in the field of animated film.	Courtland Hector Hoppin	artist	photographer
occupation	Daniel Vahnke (sometimes credited as Anton Rathausen) is a Canadian composer and lyricist.	Daniel Vahnke	composer
occupation	Janusz Zaorski (born September 19, 1947) is a Polish film director, scenarist and actor, representative of the cinema of moral concern (Polish: kino moralnego niepokoju), trend in Polish cinema.	Janusz Zaorski	film director	actor
occupation	David P. Dahl (born May 22, 1937 in San Francisco) is an American professor, composer, pedagogue, organist, church musician, organ clinician, and advisor.	David P. Dahl	composer
occupation	Hélé Béji (Tunisian Arabic: هالة الباجي‎; born 1948) is a Tunisian writer.	Hélé Béji	writer
occupation	Alexandra Slate is the stage name for Alexandra Seightholm, a Canadian singer.	Alexandra Slate	singer
occupation	Pfungwa Mahefu (born August 4, 1982) is a former Zimbabwean tennis player, who played mainly on the ITF Futures tournaments.	Pfungwa Mahefu	tennis player
occupation	Robert J. Darretta, Jr. (born 1946 or 1947) is the former chief financial officer and vice chairman of the board for Johnson & Johnson.	Robert J. Darretta, Jr.	chief financial officer
occupation	Kimberly Metz is an American film director, fashion, beauty, celebrity and advertising photographer based in Los Angeles, syndicated by Corbis Outline and Corbis Beauty.	Kimberly Metz	photographer
occupation	Evans Woollen (November 28, 1864 -- May 20, 1942) was a lawyer, banker, political figure, and American football coach.	Evans Woollen	lawyer
occupation	Heybatulla Hajialiyev is an Azerbaijani boxer born in 1991.	Heybatulla Hajialiyev	boxer
occupation	Don Ivan Punchatz (September 8, 1936 - October 22, 2009) was a science fiction and fantasy artist who drew illustrations for numerous books and publications, including magazines such as Heavy Metal, National Geographic, Playboy, and Time.	Don Ivan Punchatz	artist
occupation	Paige Braddock (born May 6, 1963) is an American cartoonist best known for her long-running comic strip, ``Jane's World,'' the first gay-themed work in the United States to receive online distribution by a national media syndicate.	Paige Braddock	cartoonist
occupation	Danny Matthys (born Zottegem 1947) is a Flemish - Belgian visual artist, which was originally known as conceptual artist of international reputation.	Danny Matthys	artist
occupation	Chloe Kim (born April 23, 2000) is an elite American snowboarder.	Chloe Kim	snowboarder
occupation	Robert Clivillés (born July 30, 1964) is an American record producer, songwriter, arranger, music video director most noted for his work with C+C Music Factory, a group he founded with musical partner David Cole.	Robert Clivillés	record producer	songwriter	music video director
occupation	Frederick Fraley (May 18, 1804 -- September 23, 1901) was an American businessman, politician, and civic leader.	Frederick Fraley	politician
occupation	Clarke Isaac Hanson (born November 17, 1980) is an American musician best known as a member of the pop rock trio Hanson, which includes his two younger brothers Taylor and Zac.	Isaac Hanson	musician
occupation	Robin Yvette Allen (born June 11, 1968), better known by her stage name The Lady of Rage, is an American rapper, singer, and actress best known for collaborations with several Death Row Records artists, including Dr. Dre and Snoop Doggy Dogg on the seminal albums The Chronic and Doggystyle.	The Lady of Rage	rapper
occupation	Alenka Kejžar is an Olympic class swimmer.	Alenka Kejžar	swimmer
occupation	Martin Aronstein (November 2, 1936 -- April 3, 2002) was an American lighting designer whose Broadway career spanned thirty-six years.	Martin Aronstein	lighting designer
occupation	Kevin P. Coughlin is a Pulitzer Prize-sharing photojournalist, writer, director of photography, pilot, and aerial photographer.	Kevin P. Coughlin	photojournalist	photographer
occupation	Mubarak Awad is a Palestinian-American psychologist and an advocate of nonviolent resistance.	Mubarak Awad	psychologist
occupation	Brian D. Butler (born July 1, 1961) is an art dealer and owner of the 1301PE Gallery in Los Angeles.	Brian D. Butler	art dealer
occupation	Héctor Manuel Guerrero Llanes (born October 1, 1954) is a Mexican-born American professional wrestler, best known by his paternal name Héctor Guerrero.	Héctor Guerrero	professional wrestler
occupation	Vera Salvequart (November 26, 1919 -- June 26, 1947) was a Sudeten German nurse at Ravensbrück concentration camp from December 1944 to 1945.	Vera Salvequart	nurse
occupation	George Chouliarakis (Greek: Γιώργος Χουλιαράκης), also transliterated as Giorgos Houliarakis, is a Greek academic and politician who is currently an Alternate Minister of Finance in the Second Cabinet of Alexis Tsipras, serving under Euclid Tsakalotos.	George Chouliarakis	politician
occupation	Kean Edward Uson Cipriano, (born June 11, 1987) better known as Kean Cipriano is a Filipino singer, composer, actor, and musician.	Kean Cipriano	singer
occupation	Ratanachai Sor Vorapin is a professional boxer and a former WBO bantamweight champion.	Ratanachai Sor Vorapin	boxer
occupation	Henry Boardman Conover (January 18, 1892 -- May 5, 1950) was an American soldier, salesman, and amateur ornithologist.	Boardman Conover	ornithologist
occupation	Alexandru Bârlădeanu (or Bîrlădeanu; January 25, 1911 -- November 13, 1997) was a Romanian Marxian economist who was prominent during the Communist regime until being sidelined in 1968.	Alexandru Bârlădeanu	economist
occupation	Charu Chandra Biswas (April 21, 1888-December 09, 1960) was an Indian National Congress politician who was elected to the Upper House of Indian Parliament the Rajya Sabha from 1952 to 1960 from West Bengal.	Charu Chandra Biswas	politician
occupation	Solomon Kullback (1907 -- 1994) was an American cryptanalyst and mathematician, who was one of the first three employees hired by William F. Friedman at the US Army's Signal Intelligence Service (SIS) in the 1930s, along with Frank Rowlett and Abraham Sinkov.	Solomon Kullback	mathematician
occupation	Hans Weidemann (1904-1975) was a German artist, photographer and film director.	Hans Weidemann	photographer	film director
occupation	Howard Bilerman (born September 25, 1970) is a Canadian recording engineer, producer, and Grammy nominated musician.	Howard Bilerman	musician
occupation	Arthur Greville Collins (born September 5, 1895, date of death unknown), was a British-born film director.	Arthur Greville Collins	film director
occupation	Cynthia Wall is an American journalist and writer of novels.	Cynthia Wall	journalist
occupation	K. S. Brooks (born Kathryn Salina Brooks; October 16, 1963 in New York, New York) is a writer and photographer.	K. S. Brooks	photographer
occupation	Darren McGinnis (born in Sussex, New Brunswick) is a Canadian country music singer.	Darren McGinnis	singer
occupation	James Robert Cade (September 26, 1927 -- November 27, 2007) was an American physician, university professor, research scientist and inventor.	Robert Cade	physician	university professor	scientist	inventor
occupation	Kinsey Peile (1862--1934) was a British playwright and stage actor.	Kinsey Peile	actor
occupation	Andrus Vaarik (born May 14, 1958) is an Estonian film, television, and theater actor and theater director.	Andrus Vaarik	actor
occupation	Steven A. Williams (born 1965) is a musician, composer, record producer and engineer based in Wimbledon, London.	Steven A. Williams	composer
occupation	Maria Susanna Michaela Dornonville de la Cour, also known simply as Michaela De la Cour or De la Cour, is best known as a singer in the Swedish pop music group Army of Lovers.	Michaela Dornonville de la Cour	singer
occupation	Friedrich August Gottreu Tholuck (March 30, 1799 -- June 10, 1877), known as August Tholuck, was a German Protestant theologian and church leader.	August Tholuck	theologian
occupation	Joe Awada (born Yehia Awada on March 12, 1959 in Beirut, Lebanon) is a professional poker player, based in Las Vegas, Nevada.	Joe Awada	poker player
occupation	Hüseyin Zekai Pasha (1860, Üsküdar - 1919, Üsküdar) was an Ottoman Turkish painter of landscapes, architectural scenes and still-lifes.	Hüseyin Zekai Pasha	painter
occupation	Casey William Hardison (born July 5, 1971) is an American chemist and self-described medical anthropologist convicted in the United Kingdom in 2005 of six offenses under the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 involving psychedelic drugs: three of production, two of possession, and one of exportation.	Casey William Hardison	chemist	anthropologist
occupation	Carlo Ernesto Liverati (March 10, 1805 -- October 27, 1844) was an Italian painter, mainly of genre and portraits.	Carlo Ernesto Liverati	painter
occupation	Florine Stettheimer (August 29, 1871 -- May 11, 1944) was an American painter, designer, and poet.	Florine Stettheimer	painter
occupation	Santosh Juvekar (Marathi: संतोष जुवेकर) is a Marathi film, television and stage actor.	Santosh Juvekar	actor
occupation	María Julia Alsogaray (born October 8, 1942) is an Argentine politician convicted in 2004 for financial crimes against the state.	María Julia Alsogaray	politician
occupation	Lennox Honychurch (born on December 27, 1952) is Dominica's most noted historian and a politician.	Lennox Honychurch	historian	politician
occupation	Laurie Halsey Brown is an American artist and curator based in San Francisco.	Laurie Halsey Brown	artist	curator
occupation	Charles S. Thompson (August 28, 1908-July 9, 1994) was Hollywood set decorator, with nearly 200 films to his credit in a career that lasted 30 years.	Charles S. Thompson	set decorator
occupation	Maxine Case (born Cape Town, January 17, 1976) is a South African novelist, and short story writer.	Maxine Case	novelist
occupation	Ira Cohen (February 3, 1935 -- April 25, 2011) was an American poet, publisher, photographer and filmmaker.	Ira Cohen	poet	photographer
occupation	Ergash Karimov (Uzbek: Ergash Karimov, Эргаш Каримов; Russian: Эргаш Каримов) (October 26, 1935 -- August 4, 2009) was an Uzbek stage actor who received critical acclaim for his roles in theater, film, and television.	Ergash Karimov	actor
occupation	Douglass Dumbrille (October 13, 1889 -- April 2, 1974) was a Canadian actor and one of the Canadian pioneers in early Hollywood.	Douglass Dumbrille	actor
occupation	Conor Kearney was a footballer and hurler from Co Kerry.	Conor Kearney	hurler
occupation	Karsh Kale (pronounced Kursh Kah-lay, कर्ष काळे in Marathi) is an Indian American musician, producer and composer, and is considered one of the pioneering figures in defining the Asian Underground genre by mixing disparate genres of music such as Indian classical and folk with electronica, rock, pop and ambient music.	Karsh Kale	composer
occupation	Eliza Wren (born October 7, 1980) is an American singer-songwriter and actress from Austin, Texas.	Eliza Wren	singer-songwriter
occupation	Francis Otieno Ndege (born August 25, 1979 in Nairobi), nicknamed Franco, is a former Kenyan international cricketer who played as a right-handed opening batsman.	Francis Otieno	cricketer
occupation	Jeff Hanson (March 3, 1978 -- June 5, 2009) was a singer-songwriter, guitarist and multi-instrumentalist whose voice was described in a 2005 Paste review as an ``angelic falsetto, a cross between Alison Krauss and Art Garfunkel that is often (understandably) mistaken for a female contralto.''	Jeff Hanson	singer-songwriter	guitarist
occupation	Ambrose Hundley Sevier (November 4, 1801 -- December 31, 1848) was an attorney, politician and planter from Arkansas.	Ambrose Hundley Sevier	politician
occupation	Edmund Sture (1509/10-60), of Bradley in North Huish, Devon and the Middle Temple, London, was an English politician.	Edmund Sture	politician
occupation	Mendinho, also Meendinho, Mendiño and Meendiño, was a medieval Iberian poet.	Mendinho	poet
occupation	Donald West Harward is an American philosopher, author, and academic administrator.	Donald West Harward	philosopher
occupation	Alvan Wentworth Chapman (September 28, 1809 -- April 6, 1899) was an American physician and pioneering botanist in the study of flora of the American south east.	Alvan Wentworth Chapman	botanist
occupation	Omar al-Qattan (Arabic: عمر القطان‎) (born May 4, 1964) is a Palestinian Kuwaiti British film director and film producer and a cultural development expert.	Omar al-Qattan	film director
occupation	Yoshiyuki Fuchiwaki (渕脇 芳行) is a Japanese retired professional baseball player.	Yoshiyuki Fuchiwaki	baseball player
occupation	Rick Holmstrom (born May 30, 1965) is an American electric blues and rhythm and blues guitarist, singer and songwriter.	Rick Holmstrom	singer
occupation	Johann Christian Rosenmüller (May 25, 1771 -- February 28, 1820) was a German anatomist born near Hildburghausen, Thuringia.	Johann Christian Rosenmüller	anatomist
occupation	In 1838 Hayyim Selig Slonimski settled in Warsaw, where he became acquainted with mathematician and inventor Abraham Jacob Stern (1768--1842), later becoming his son-in-law, when in 1842 he married Stern's youngest daughter, Sarah (1824--1897).	Hayyim Selig Slonimski	mathematician
occupation	María Chacón (born María Fernanda Chacón Romo) is a Mexican actress, and singer.	María Chacón	singer
occupation	Michael Scanlan, T.O.R. (born December 1, 1931), is a Roman Catholic priest of the Franciscan Third Order Regular.	Michael Scanlan	Catholic priest
occupation	Wendell H. Murphy is a former North Carolina farmer, Democratic politician, and namesake of the Wendell H. Murphy Football Center.	Wendell H. Murphy	farmer	politician
occupation	James Nelson Harrell (September 3, 1918 -- February 1, 2000), also known as James N. Harrell, was an American actor.	James N. Harrell	actor
occupation	Eilmer of Malmesbury (also known as Oliver due to a scribe's miscopying, or Elmer) was an 11th-century English Benedictine monk best known for his early attempt at a gliding flight using wings.	Eilmer of Malmesbury	monk
occupation	Ken Stubbs (born in 1961) is a jazz musician, alto saxophonist, and composer.	Ken Stubbs	jazz musician	composer
occupation	Marcelo Peralta (born March 5, 1961) is an Argentine performer, teacher, composer and arranger that plays all the saxophones, piano, accordion, and the Latin American aerophones.	Marcelo Peralta	composer
occupation	Eric Stuart (born October 18, 1967) is an American voice actor and voice director who worked for 4Kids Entertainment, NYAV Post, and Central Park Media.	Eric Stuart	voice actor
occupation	Floyd Cramer (October 27, 1933 -- December 31, 1997) was an American Hall of Fame pianist who was one of the architects of the ``Nashville sound''.	Floyd Cramer	pianist
occupation	Folcard or Foulcard (fl. 1066) was a Flemish hagiographer.	Folcard	hagiographer
occupation	Ferdinand Bjerke was a Norwegian railway engineer.	Ferdinand Bjerke	engineer
occupation	Toshiyuki Kotani, also known as styleos, is a Japanese video game illustrator and character designer with credits for games by Psikyo, SNK, and CAVE.	Toshiyuki Kotani	illustrator
occupation	Dick de Zeeuw (January 24, 1924, Tanjung Pura, Langkat, Langkat Regency -- February 18, 2009, Bangkok) was a Dutch politician and agronomist.	Dick de Zeeuw	politician
occupation	Carmen Herrera (born May 31, 1915) is a Cuban-American abstract, minimalist painter.	Carmen Herrera	painter
occupation	Ashley Prange (born November 24, 1981) is a professional golfer and winner of the reality television program The Big Break V:	Ashley Prange	golfer
occupation	Jill Thompson (born November 20, 1966) is an American comic book writer and illustrator who has worked for stage, film, and television.	Jill Thompson	illustrator
occupation	Denise Sullivan is an American music journalist and historian who is the author of music biographies as well as the critically acclaimed music-history book, Keep on Pushing:	Denise Sullivan	journalist
occupation	Peggy Sullivan, is an American librarian and educator.	Peggy Sullivan	librarian
occupation	Luiz Fernando de Souza, commonly known as Luiz Fernando Pezão or even Pezão (born 29 March 1958) is an entrepreneur, politician and current governor of the state of Rio de Janeiro.	Luiz Fernando Pezão	politician
occupation	Joel Yanofsky is a Canadian novelist and literary columnist.	Joel Yanofsky	novelist
occupation	Asher Kushnir (Russian: Ашер Кушнир) is a Russian-speaking rabbi, lecturer and specialist on child-rearing and family relationships.	Asher Kushnir	rabbi
occupation	Metrodorus of Chios (Greek: Μητρόδωρος ὁ Χῖος; fl. 4th century BC) was a Greek philosopher, belonging to the school of Democritus, and an important forerunner of Epicurus.	Metrodorus of Chios	philosopher
occupation	Soraya Sarhaddi Nelson (/soʊˈraɪə sɑːrˈhɑːdi ˈnɛlsən/) is an American journalist.	Soraya Sarhaddi Nelson	journalist
occupation	Babloo Prithiveeraj is an Indian film actor, who has appeared in Tamil, Telugu and Kannada language films.	Babloo Prithiveeraj	actor
occupation	Jamal Diggs, better known by his stage name J-Diggs, also Jay Digs or J-Diggs tha Rockstar, is an American rapper and co-CEO of the late Mac Dre's Thizz Entertainment.	J-Diggs	rapper
occupation	Eddie Joyce is a Canadian politician, who represents the district of Bay of Islands in the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly.	Eddie Joyce	politician
occupation	Ngô Sĩ Liên was an historian of the Lê Dynasty.	Ngô Sĩ Liên	historian
occupation	Anna Johnson Gates (January 25, 1889 - January 12, 1939) was a suffragist and progressive era politician who was the first woman elected to the West Virginia Legislature.	Anna Johnson Gates	politician
occupation	George W. Hindman (died April 1, 1878) was a 19th-century American cowboy and law enforcement officer serving as a deputy sheriff of Lincoln County, New Mexico during the early months of the Lincoln County War.	George W. Hindman	cowboy
occupation	Perarasu is a Tamil film director who is best known for his commercial movies with actors Vijay and Ajith.	Perarasu	film director
occupation	Ranko Matasović (born May 14, 1968) is a Croatian linguist, Indo-Europeanist and Celticist.	Ranko Matasović	linguist
occupation	Benny Reid is a jazz musician and saxophonist who records for the independent record label Concord Music Group on their Concord Records label.	Benny Reid	jazz musician
occupation	Jacques-Édouard Berger was the son of the Swiss writer, philosopher and art historian, René Berger.	Jacques-Édouard Berger	art historian
occupation	Axel Herbert Olivecrona (July 11, 1891 -- January 1980) was a Swedish professor and brain surgeon, credited with founding the field of Swedish neurosurgery, and pioneering developments in modern neurosurgery.	Herbert Olivecrona	surgeon
occupation	Guilherme de Brito Bollhorst (January 3, 1922 -- April 28, 2006), known as Guilherme de Brito, was an important Brazilian sambista, singer, songwriter, and painter.	Guilherme de Brito	singer
occupation	Markos Sklivaniotis (Greek: Μάρκος Σκληβανιώτης) is a Greek writer and a poet.	Markos Sklivaniotis	writer
occupation	Chad Donovan (born January 11, 1972) is an American performer and gay pornographic film director.	Chad Donovan	film director
occupation	Charles Frederick Burgess (June 5, 1873 in Oshkosh, Wisconsin -- February 13, 1945 in Chicago, Illinois) was an American chemist and engineer.	Charles Frederick Burgess	chemist	engineer
occupation	Robert E. Sheriff (1922-2014) was an American geophysicist best known for writing the comprehensive geophysical reference, Encyclopedic Dictionary of Exploration Geophysics.	Robert E. Sheriff	geophysicist
occupation	Madeleine Daleng (born May 30, 1986, in Oslo) is a Norwegian figure skater.	Madeleine Daleng	figure skater
occupation	Gene Burns (December 3, 1940 -- May 25, 2013) was an American talk radio host.	Gene Burns	radio host
occupation	Shalom H. Schwartz (Hebrew: שלום שוורץ‎) is a social psychologist, cross-cultural researcher and creator of the Theory of Basic Human Values (universal values as latent motivations and needs).	Shalom H. Schwartz	psychologist
occupation	Mac King (born December 2, 1959) is a comedy magician who has performed on television specials, often as a co-host.	Mac King	magician
occupation	Diedrich Diederichsen is a prolific writer whose articles and texts are printed in a variety of periodicals and publications.	Diedrich Diederichsen	writer
occupation	Dr.Pappu Venugopala Rao (born 30 June 1948) is a well-known Indian educationist and renowned musicologist.	Pappu Venugopala Rao	musicologist
occupation	Daniel Patrick Ellis (Born May 3, 1988) is an American actor, best known for his work as a former child model and now today as an actor, in both movies and television, as well as a singer with albums and tours.	Daniel Patrick Ellis	actor
occupation	The Berlin Painter (active c. 490s-c. 460s BCE) is the conventional name given to an Attic Greek vase-painter who is widely regarded as a rival to the Kleophrades Painter, among the most talented vase painters of the early 5th century BCE (see Pottery of Ancient Greece).	Berlin Painter	vase-painter
occupation	Raj Krishna was an Indian economist who taught at the Delhi School of Economics.	Raj Krishna	economist
occupation	Chuck Ainlay is a record producer and audio engineer.	Chuck Ainlay	record producer	audio engineer
occupation	Kaadyr-ool Bicheldey (Russian: Каадыр-оол Бичелдей; born January 2, 1950) is a Russian philologist and politician of Tuvan descent.	Kaadyr-ool Bicheldey	politician
occupation	Erich Unger (1887-1950) was a Jewish philosopher of standing who published many articles and a number of books, many of them in his native tongue, German.	Erich Unger	philosopher
occupation	Dr. Steven Kull is a political psychologist who studies public opinion on public policy.	Steven Kull	psychologist
occupation	Donnovan Malik Blocker (born May 13, 1992), commonly known by his stage name Dyme-A-Duzin, is an American rapper from Brooklyn, New York.	Dyme-A-Duzin	rapper
occupation	Frank Van Deren Coke, F. Van Deren Coke, or Van Deren Coke (July 4, 1921 -- July 11, 2004) was an American photographer, scholar and museum professional.	Van Deren Coke	photographer
occupation	Thomas Anthony Sydes (May 4, 1941 -- June 20, 2015) was an American child actor on film and television.	Anthony Sydes	actor
occupation	Harry Link (born John Harry Linkey, January 25, 1896, Philadelphia -- July 5, 1956, New York City) was an American vaudeville actor and songwriter.	Harry Link	songwriter
occupation	Sarah Steelman (born Sarah Hearne; May 3, 1958) is an American Republican politician from Missouri and State Treasurer from 2005 to 2009.	Sarah Steelman	politician
occupation	Timothy Apiyo (died June 10, 2013) was a Tanzanian politician and civil servant.	Timothy Apiyo	politician
occupation	Salim Abd an-Nur (Arabic: سالم عبد النور‎), a Lebanese Greek Catholic politician.	Salim Abd an-Nur	politician
occupation	Brandun DeShay (born May 10, 1990 in Chicago), stylized as brandUn DeShay, is an American rapper, producer.	Brandun DeShay	rapper
occupation	George H. Jessop was an Irish playwright, journalist and novelist.	George H. Jessop	journalist
occupation	Hank D'Amico (March 21, 1915 -- December 2, 1965), was an American jazz clarinetist.	Hank D'Amico	clarinetist
occupation	Wayde Preston (September 10, 1929 -- February 6, 1992) was an American actor cast from 1957 to 1960 in the lead role in 67 episodes of the ABC/Warner Brothers western television series, Colt .45.	Wayde Preston	actor
occupation	Aleš Hrdlička (March 29, 1869 -- September 5, 1943) was a Czech anthropologist who lived in the United States after his family had moved there in 1881.	Aleš Hrdlička	anthropologist
occupation	Tah Mac (born in Brooklyn, New York) is an American rapper and songwriter, who rose to fame as a producer of various Hip hop and R&B acts, before releasing his first solo album in 2009.	Tah Mac	rapper
occupation	Doug Fahl is an actor who resides in Seattle, Washington and is originally from Salt Lake City, Utah.	Doug Fahl	actor
occupation	Julij Betetto (August 27, 1885 - January 14, 1963 in Ljubljana) was a Slovenian bass singer and composer.	Julij Betetto	singer	composer
occupation	Johnnie Mae Matthews (December 31, 1922 -- January 6, 2002) was an American blues and R&B singer, songwriter, and record producer from Bessemer, Alabama.	Johnnie Mae Matthews	singer
occupation	Baudouin of Ninove was a Flemish historian active around 1294.	Baudouin of Ninove	historian
occupation	Felice Quinto (1929 -- January 16, 2010) was an Italian photographer.	Felice Quinto	photographer
occupation	Joseph Rescigno (born October 8, 1945) is an American conductor best known for his work in opera in North America and Europe.	Joseph Rescigno	conductor
occupation	Joseph Pilato (born March 16, 1949) is an American film and voice actor.	Joseph Pilato	voice actor
occupation	John Alexander Carfrae (1868-1947) was a Scottish architect of particular note in the field of innovative school design.	John Alexander Carfrae	architect
occupation	Joseph J. Kowalski was a Democratic politician from Michigan who served as Speaker of the Michigan House of Representatives.	Joseph J. Kowalski	politician
occupation	Richard J. Schmidt is an American physician who was convicted by a Louisiana court in 1998 of attempted murder.	Richard J. Schmidt	physician
occupation	John Cornfield is a British record producer and sound engineer.	John Cornfield	engineer
occupation	Ediane Gomes is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who competes in the Bantamweight division.	Ediane Gomes	mixed martial artist
occupation	Tamás Szőnyi (born July 23, 1957, Budapest) is a Hungarian mathematician, doing research in discrete mathematics, particularly finite geometry and algebraic coding theory.	Tamás Szőnyi	mathematician
occupation	Marla Hiromi Hayakawa Salas (born October 19, 1982), known professionally as Hiromi Hayakawa, is a Mexican singer and actress who began her music career as a contestant in the reality show La Academia.	Hiromi Hayakawa	singer
occupation	Glen Michaels is a sculptor from Troy, Michigan.	Glen Michaels	sculptor
occupation	Gaius Suetonius Tranquillus (ˈɡaː.ɪ.ʊs ˈswɛ.tɔn.jʊs traŋˈkᶣɪl.lʊs), commonly known as Suetonius (/swɪˈtoʊniəs/; c. 69 -- after 122 AD), was a Roman historian belonging to the equestrian order who wrote during the early Imperial era of the Roman Empire.	Suetonius	historian
occupation	Blessed Otto Neururer (25 March 1881 -- 30 May 1940) was an Austrian Roman Catholic priest and martyr.	Otto Neururer	Catholic priest
occupation	Professor Israel Doniach M.D., F.R.C.P. (March 9, 1911 in London, England -- February 11, 2001 in London, England) was a distinguished pathologist and expert on the causes and diagnosis of thyroid cancers.	Israel Doniach	pathologist
occupation	Ludwig Riess (December 1, 1861 -- December 27, 1928) was a German-born historian and educator, noted for his work in late 19th century Japan.	Ludwig Riess	historian
occupation	Rick Batalla is an actor, theatre director and playwright.	Rick Batalla	actor
occupation	Meg Rosoff (born 16 October 1956) is an American writer based in London, United Kingdom.	Meg Rosoff	writer
occupation	Phil Gladwin is a television writer and script editor.	Phil Gladwin	writer
occupation	Aldona Klimavičiūtė (born 27 March 1940) is a retired Lithuanian rower who won a silver medal in the eights event at the 1964 European Championships.	Aldona Klimavičiūtė	rower
occupation	Raymond John Flynn (March 7, 1914 -- January 1, 1996), professionally known as John Rodney, was an American actor, who worked in film and television.	John Rodney	actor
occupation	Pierre David (born May 17, 1944) is a Canadian film producer and film financier.	Pierre David	film producer
occupation	İsmail Galib was the son of İbrahim Edhem Pasha and a notable numismatist in the Ottoman Empire.	İsmail Galib	numismatist
occupation	Ibn Bassam (Ibn Bassam Al-Shantarini) was a poet and historian from al-Andalus.	Ibn Bassam	historian
occupation	Thirumurugan (Tamil: திருமுருகன்) is a Tamil film director.	Thirumurugan	film director
occupation	Don Fabian (born Domingo Fabiano) was an Argentine Bolero composer, pianist and orchestra conductor.	Don Fabian	composer
occupation	Clara Ponty (born in Paris, France) is a French-American pianist, vocalist and pop and jazz composer.	Clara Ponty	pianist	composer
occupation	Wesley Clark Dodson (1829--1914), most often known as W.C. Dodson, was an architect of Waco, Texas.	W.C. Dodson	architect
occupation	Alexis Cruz (born September 29, 1974) is an American actor, known for his performances as Rafael in Touched by an Angel and as Skaara in Stargate and Stargate SG-1.	Alexis Cruz	actor
occupation	Chatchai Butdee (Thai: ฉัตรชัย บุตรดี, pronounced (tɕʰàt.tɕʰāj bùt.dīː)) is a Thai boxer.	Chatchai Butdee	boxer
occupation	John Coldale or Cowdale (by 1495-1534 or later), of Carlisle, Cumbria, was an English politician.	John Coldale	politician
occupation	Rachel Rosenthal (November 9, 1926 -- May 10, 2015) was an interdisciplinary artist, a teacher and animal rights activist based in Los Angeles, California.	Rachel Rosenthal	artist
occupation	Selda Alkor (born January 3, 1943) is a Turkish actress, beauty pageant titleholder, painter, and singer of Circassian and Georgian descent.	Selda Alkor	singer
occupation	Marta Becket (born Martha Beckett on August 9, 1924) is a retired actress, dancer, choreographer and painter who performed for more than four decades at her own theater, the Amargosa Opera House in Death Valley Junction, California.	Marta Becket	painter
occupation	Damon Jackson (born August 8, 1988) is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the UFC's featherweight division.	Damon Jackson	mixed martial artist
occupation	Paulius Juodis (born August 24, 1978 in Klaipėda, Lithuanian SSR, USSR) is a Lithuanian basketball coach.	Paulius Juodis	basketball coach
occupation	Jan Jacobszoon May van Schellinkhout was a Dutch seafarer and explorer.	Jan Jacobszoon May van Schellinkhout	explorer
occupation	Robert Fegg (born October 26, 1978) is a German luger who competed from 1997 to 2001.	Robert Fegg	luger
occupation	Jamie Mallender (born 2 February 1972) is a British musician and was the bass player for Raven Lord and Tony Martin Band.	Jamie Mallender	musician
occupation	Sakthibhadran (शक्तिभद्रः) was a Classical Sanskrit writer, who lived in ancient Kerala.	Sakthibhadran	writer
occupation	Ramblin' Jack Elliott (born Elliot Charles Adnopoz; August 1, 1931) is an American folk singer and performer.	Ramblin' Jack Elliott	singer
occupation	Beulah Marie Dix (January 24, 1876 -- September 25, 1970) was an American screenwriter of the silent and sound film eras, and an author of children's books.	Beulah Marie Dix	screenwriter
occupation	Todd Holland (born December 13, 1961) is an American television and film director and producer.	Todd Holland	film director
occupation	Sumati Mutatkar (1916--2007) was an Indian classical music vocalist and musicologist from the Agra gharana of Hindustani classical music, and a Professor of Department of Music in University of Delhi.	Sumati Mutatkar	musicologist
occupation	Stephen Petronio is an American choreographer, dancer, and the artistic director of New York City-based Stephen Petronio Company.	Stephen Petronio	choreographer
occupation	Henry W. Eastham was a Massachusetts businessman and politician who served as a member and President of the Common Council, and as the 30th Mayor of Lynn, Massachusetts.	Henry W. Eastham	politician
occupation	Hans Gerhard Creutzfeldt (June 2, 1885 -- December 30, 1964) was a German neuropathologist, who first described the Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease.	Hans Gerhard Creutzfeldt	neuropathologist
occupation	Katherine Binney Shippen (April 1, 1892 -- February 20, 1980) was an American history teacher, museum curator, and children's writer.	Katherine Binney Shippen	writer
occupation	Pandiraj (பாண்டிராஜ் in Tamil) is an Indian film director and producer, who works in Tamil cinema.	Pandiraj	film director
occupation	Alice Dayrell Caldeira Brant (August 28, 1880 -- June 20, 1970) was a Brazilian juvenile writer.	Alice Dayrell Caldeira Brant	writer
occupation	Edward Sorley was a British actor.	Edward Sorley	actor
occupation	Robert B. Hauser was an American cinematographer that worked on more than 70 television and film projects from 1958 to 1994.	Robert B. Hauser	cinematographer
occupation	Samuel ben Samson (also Samuel ben Shimshon) was a rabbi who lived in France and made a pilgrimage to Palestine in 1210, visiting a number of villages and cities there, including Jerusalem.	Samuel ben Samson	rabbi
occupation	Frederick Parker-Rhodes (21 March 1914 -- 21 November 1987) was an English linguist, plant pathologist, computer scientist, mathematician, mystic, and mycologist.	Frederick Parker-Rhodes	linguist	computer scientist	mathematician	mycologist
occupation	Scott Clifton Snyder (born October 31, 1984), better known as Scott Clifton, is an American actor, musician, and video blogger.	Scott Clifton	actor
occupation	Gene Saks (Jean Michael Saks; November 8, 1921 -- March 28, 2015) was an American stage and film director, and actor.	Gene Saks	film director	actor
occupation	Andrew W. Marlowe (sometimes Andrew Marlowe) is an American screenwriter.	Andrew W. Marlowe	screenwriter
occupation	Deanna Michaux (born April 8, 1970 in North Carolina) is a nationally syndicated columnist, author and radio host.	Deanna Michaux	radio host
occupation	Ronald Shusett is an American motion picture screenwriter and producer, usually in the science fiction genre.	Ronald Shusett	screenwriter
occupation	Carl Sadakichi Hartmann (November 8, 1867 - November 22, 1944) was a photography critic and poet of German and Japanese descent.	Sadakichi Hartmann	poet
occupation	H. David Dalquist (May 25, 1918 -- January 2, 2005) was an American inventor and chemical engineer.	H. David Dalquist	engineer
occupation	Oliver Diglesias, whose real name is Oliver Javier Díaz Iglesias is a singer, journalist and presenter of Colombian TV stations such as Canal 23 and RCN TV Network.	Oliver Diglesias	journalist
occupation	Prakashchandra Pandurang Shirodkar, the eldest son of late Pandurang Purushottam Shirodkar, is an Indologist, archaeologist, writer, one of the most prominent freedom fighters of Goa, and first speaker of the Goa, Daman and Diu Legislative Assembly).	Prakashchandra Pandurang Shirodkar	archaeologist
occupation	Abdulwahab Alamrani (Arabic: عبد الوهاب العمراني‎) is a Yemeni author and diplomat.	Abdulwahab Alamrani	diplomat
occupation	Carol Chell (born 1941) is a British children's television presenter and TV executive.	Carol Chell	television presenter
occupation	Cylin Busby (born May 1, 1970) is a middle-grade and young adult children's writer, known for the best-selling memoir, The Year We Disappeared, written with her father John Busby.	Cylin Busby	writer
occupation	Li Fuchun (Chinese: 李富春; pinyin: Lǐ Fùchūn; Wade--Giles: Li Fu-ch'un; May 22, 1900 -- January 9, 1975) was a Chinese Communist revolutionary and politician.	Li Fuchun	politician
occupation	Ruth Westheimer (born June 4, 1928), better known as Dr. Ruth, is an American sex therapist, media personality, and author.	Ruth Westheimer	sex therapist	author
occupation	Wallace Edwards is a Canadian illustrator and writer who won the 2002 Governor General's Award for children's book illustration recognizing Alphabeasts.	Wallace Edwards	illustrator
occupation	Adrian Bawtree (born 1968) is a composer and organist.	Adrian Bawtree	composer
occupation	Almerigo Grilz ( Born March 11, 1953 -- Died, May 19, 1987) was an Italian right wing politician, and an independent war correspondent.	Almerigo Grilz	politician
occupation	Marie McDonald (July 6, 1923 -- October 21, 1965) was an American singer and actress known as ``The Body Beautiful'' and later nicknamed ``The Body''.	Marie McDonald	singer
occupation	Rudy Gunawan (Chinese: 郭宏源) (born December 31, 1966 in Solo, Central Java) is a well-known Indonesian badminton player in the era of the late 1980s and early 1990s.	Rudy Gunawan	badminton player
occupation	James Vasanthan is a popular Indian television (Tamil) anchor and a film music composer.	James Vasanthan	composer
occupation	Anthony Condon (born 6 December 1967) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Hawthorn in the Australian Football League.	Anthony Condon	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Frank Hamilton Short (September 12, 1862 - June 5, 1920) was a Fresno, California lawyer and a states' rights advocate within the early American Conservation movement.	Frank Hamilton Short	lawyer
occupation	Ratko Delorko is a German pianist, composer, producer and conductor.	Ratko Delorko	composer
occupation	Charles Denby, Jr. (November 14, 1861 -- February 15, 1938) was an American diplomat in China and later in Vienna, Austria, and was known as one of the top scholars of Chinese language and culture of his time.	Charles Denby, Jr.	diplomat
occupation	Park Kyung-hwa (also Park Gyeong-hwa, Korean: 박 경화; born August 29, 1984) is a South Korean former swimmer, who specialized in butterfly events.	Park Kyung-hwa	swimmer
occupation	Demir Dragnev (born July 27, 1936, Cureşniţa) is a historian from the Republic of Moldova.	Demir Dragnev	historian
occupation	Chuwit Kamolvisit (Thai: ชูวิทย์ กมลวิศิษฎ์; rtgs: Chuwit Kamonwisit; August 29, 1961 -- ) is a controversial Thai politician who was once the country's biggest massage parlor owner.	Chuwit Kamolvisit	politician
occupation	Algernon Islay de Courcy Lyons (1922--1993) was a Welsh photographer, novelist and linguist.	Algernon Islay de Courcy Lyons	photographer
occupation	Józef Kowalewski (Russian: Иосиф Михайлович Ковалевский) (9 january 1801 -- 7 november 1878) was a Polish orientalist.	Józef Kowalewski	orientalist
occupation	Mary Zimmerman (born August 23, 1960) is an American theatre director and playwright from Nebraska.	Mary Zimmerman	theatre director	playwright
occupation	Koichi Sasada is a Japanese computer scientist and a Ruby core committer.	Koichi Sasada	computer scientist
occupation	Robert T. Pennock is a philosopher working on the Avida digital organism project at Michigan State University where he has been full professor since 2000.	Robert T. Pennock	philosopher
occupation	Isidore of Miletus was a renowned scientist and mathematician before Emperor Justinian I hired him, ``Isidorus taught stereometry and physics at the universities, first of Alexandria then of Constantinople, and wrote a commentary on an older treatise on vaulting.''	Isidore of Miletus	mathematician
occupation	Seui Laau (c. 1942 -- January 26, 2012) was an American Samoan politician and Senator.	Seui Laau	politician
occupation	Jim Jagielski (born March 11, 1961) is an American software engineer, who specializes in web, cloud and open source technologies.	Jim Jagielski	engineer
occupation	Quintus Gargilius Martialis was a third-century Roman writer on horticulture, botany and medicine.	Quintus Gargilius Martialis	writer
occupation	Thomas Clowes (August 5, 1791 Marblehead, Essex County, Massachusetts - April 9, 1866) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.	Thomas Clowes	lawyer
occupation	Valérie Milot has had an active career as a soloist and chamber musician.	Valérie Milot	soloist
occupation	Susan Buck-Morss is an American philosopher and intellectual historian.	Susan Buck-Morss	philosopher
occupation	Hong Jong-hyun (hangul: 홍종현; born February 2, 1990) is a South Korean actor.	Hong Jong-hyun	actor
occupation	Ofelia Giudicissi Curci (1934--1981) was an Italian poet, and archeologist.	Ofelia Giudicissi Curci	poet
occupation	Masami Shinoda (1958--1992) was well-known Japanese alto-saxophonist and composer.	Masami Shinoda	composer
occupation	Alejandro Núñez Allauca (born April 18, 1943) is a Peruvian composer, one of the most renowned and performed outside of his native country.	Alejandro Núñez Allauca	composer
occupation	Owain ap Llywelyn ab y Moel (fl. 1470 - 1500) was a Welsh language poet from Powys.	Owain ap Llywelyn ab y Moel	poet
occupation	Edward James Olmos (born Edward Olmos; February 24, 1947) is an American actor and director.	Edward James Olmos	actor
occupation	Josiah Horner (September 15, 1849 -- September 27, 1927), better known as Frank M. Canton, was a famous American Old West lawman, gunslinger, cowboy and at one point in his life, an outlaw.	Frank M. Canton	cowboy
occupation	Ana María López Colomé is a distinguished Mexican biochemist who won the 2002 L'Oréal-UNESCO Award for Women in Science --	Ana María López Colomé	biochemist
occupation	Chaman Lal Chaman is a London-based noted Panjabi poet, lyricist and radio broadcaster.	Chaman Lal Chaman	poet
occupation	Rimantas Grigas (born 1962) is a Lithuanian basketball coach, known for his stint with Žalgiris Kaunas.	Rimantas Grigas	basketball coach
occupation	Frank Shuman (January 23, 1862 -- April 28, 1918) was an American inventor, engineer and solar energy pioneer known for his work on solar engines, especially those that used solar energy to heat water that would produce steam.	Frank Shuman	inventor	engineer
occupation	Fernanda Sobarzo (born 1994) is a Chilean model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss World Chile 2015 and represented Chile at Miss World 2015 pageant.	Fernanda Sobarzo	model
occupation	Bonny Warner (now Bonny Simi, born April 7, 1962 in Mount Baldy, California) is an American luger who competed from the early 1980s to the early 1990s.	Bonny Warner	luger
occupation	Dennis Virkler is an American film editor with more than forty credits dating from 1973.	Dennis Virkler	film editor
occupation	Mahmod Abdelaly (Arabic: محمود عبد العلي‎; born March 11, 1967) is an Egyptian sport shooter.	Mahmod Abdelaly	sport shooter
occupation	Marie Javins (April 22, 1966) is an American comic book editor, comic book colorist, and travel writer known for her long association with Marvel Comics and the Teshkeel Media Group.	Marie Javins	colorist
occupation	Jack Otter is an American journalist and editor with Barrons.com.	Jack Otter	journalist
occupation	Dominic Roche (1902 -1972), was a British actor and playwright.	Dominic Roche	actor
occupation	John Darrow, born Harry Simpson, was an American actor of the late silent and early talking film eras.	John Darrow	actor
occupation	Suriya Jungrungreangkit (Thai: สุริยะ จึงรุ่งเรืองกิจ; rtgs: Suriya Chuengrungruengkit, born December 10, 1954) is a Thai politician of the Thai Rak Thai party.	Suriya Jungrungreangkit	politician
occupation	Ralph Bingham Cloward (born in Salt Lake City, Utah, September 24, 1908, died November 13, 2000) was an American neurosurgeon.	Ralph Bingham Cloward	neurosurgeon
occupation	Aparna Popat (Gujarati: અપર્ણા પોપટ; born January 18, 1978) is a former Indian badminton player.	Aparna Popat	badminton player
occupation	Henry Mosler (June 6, 1841 - April 21, 1920), was a professional painter, wood engraver, sketch artist and illustrator who documented American life, including colonial themes, Civil War illustrations, and portraits of men and women of society.	Henry Mosler	painter
occupation	Torstein Horgmo (born 18 February 1987) is a Norwegian professional snowboarder.	Torstein Horgmo	snowboarder
occupation	Susana Harp Iturribarria (born April 8, 1968) is a Mexican singer of traditional music.	Susana Harp	singer
occupation	Darren John Langford is a British actor who is best known for playing the mentally disabled character Spencer Gray in the long-running Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks.	Darren John Langford	actor
occupation	Stevie Williams (born December 17, 1979) is an African American professional skateboarder and was included in the twenty-seventh position of the ``30 Most Influential Skaters of All Time'' list that was compiled by Transworld Skateboarding in late-2011.	Stevie Williams	skateboarder
occupation	Azhar Levi Sianturi is an Indonesian musician and mechanical engineer.	Azhar Levi Sianturi	musician
occupation	Dylan Kight (born September 4, 1984) is an American singer-songwriter Known as the ``lost'' record.	Dylan Kight	singer-songwriter
occupation	Enoch Fitch Burr (October 21, 1818 -- May 8, 1907) was a theologian and astronomer who lectured extensively on the relationship between science and religion.	Enoch Fitch Burr	astronomer
occupation	Attila Petschauer (December 14, 1904 -- January 30, 1943) was a Jewish Hungarian Olympic champion fencer.	Attila Petschauer	fencer
occupation	George Bradford Cook (born May 10, 1937), also known as G. Bradford Cook and Brad Cook, is an American lawyer who served as chairman of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in 1972.	G. Bradford Cook	lawyer
occupation	John Chester Miller (1907-1991) was a US historian who wrote of the American Revolution and its prominent figures.	John Chester Miller	historian
occupation	Koduri Marakathamani Keeravaani, better known as M. M. Keeravani, is an Indian film music composer and playback singer, who works in Telugu, Tamil, Kannada, Malayalam and Hindi cinema.	M. M. Keeravani	composer
occupation	Warren Batchelder (April 18, 1917 -- February 12, 2007) was an animator on many Warner Bros. and DePatie-Freleng cartoons.	Warren Batchelder	animator
occupation	Tomasz Imieliński (born July 11, 1954 in Toruń, Poland) is a Polish-American computer scientist.	Tomasz Imieliński	computer scientist
occupation	John Noltner is an American photographer and peace activist.	John Noltner	photographer
occupation	Xavier Saint-Just pseud, of Georges Neczpal (age unknown) was a 20th-century French artist, painter and illustrator.	Xavier Saint-Just	painter
occupation	Archelaus of Priene (Greek: Ἀρχέλαος) was a Greek sculptor who lived close to 300 BC in Priene.	Archelaus of Priene	sculptor
occupation	Kamila Nasr is a Canadian singer, composer and multi-instrumentalist based in Beijing, China.	Kamila Nasr	singer
occupation	Neva Small is an American actress, singer, and puppeteer.	Neva Small	singer
occupation	Zanobi Poggino of Zanobi di Poggino (16th century) was an Italian painter, active as a portrait and historical painter in Florence.	Zanobi Poggino	painter
occupation	Moloy Ghatak is an Indian politician and the present Minister in charge, Labour and ESI Department in the Government of West Bengal.	Moloy Ghatak	politician
occupation	Russell Targ (born April 11, 1934) is an American physicist, parapsychologist and author who is best known for his work on remote viewing.	Russell Targ	physicist
occupation	Cynthia Zarin (born 1959 ) is an American poet, and magazine editor.	Cynthia Zarin	poet
occupation	Maria Peszek (born September 9, 1973) is a Polish singer, songwriter and actress.	Maria Peszek	singer
occupation	Dave Bezold is an American college basketball coach and a former head coach of the men's basketball team at Northern Kentucky University.	Dave Bezold	basketball coach
occupation	Jabez Lamar Monroe Curry, also known as J. L. M. Curry, (June 5, 1825 -- February 12, 1903) was a lawyer, soldier, U.S. Congressman, college professor and administrator, diplomat, and officer in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War.	Jabez Lamar Monroe Curry	diplomat
occupation	Nepomucena Kostecka was the daughter of the comedian actor Fortunat Alojzy Gonzaga Żółkowski (1777--1822) and the half sibling of the actor Alojzy Gonzaga Jazon Żółkowski and sister of the actors brothers Luigi and Lucian Żółkowscy.	Nepomucena Kostecka	actor
occupation	Joseph Lawson Hodges, Jr. (April 10, 1922 -- March 1, 2000) was a statistician.	Joseph Lawson Hodges, Jr.	statistician
occupation	Prithvi Zutshi is an Indian film and television character actor who is best known for his television roles of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel in Pradhanmantri (TV Series), Apaharan, Sahara One's Haunted Nights.	Prithvi Zutshi	actor
occupation	Felix A. Toupin (August 31, 1886 -- October 7, 1965), was a lawyer and politician of French Canadian descent.	Felix A. Toupin	politician
occupation	Donald James Randolph (March 24, 1936 -- January 31, 2015), better known as Don Covay, his stage name, was an American R&B, rock and roll and soul singer and songwriter most active from the 1950s to the 1970s.	Don Covay	singer
occupation	Bart Rowland (born April 11, 1977) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Kentucky House of Representatives representing District 53 since the February 7, 2012 special election to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Representative James Comer.	Bart Rowland	politician
occupation	Aloys Wach or Aloys Ludwig Wachelmayr (sometimes Wachelmeier, April 30, 1892 -- April 18, 1940) was an Austrian expressionist painter and graphic artist.	Aloys Wach	painter
occupation	Carl Bersch (1834--1914) was an artist who created the only known sketch of President Abraham Lincoln being carried from the Ford Theatre.	Carl Bersch	artist
occupation	Xenophilus (Greek: Ξενόφιλος; 4th century BC) of Chalcidice, was a Pythagorean philosopher and musician, who lived in the first half of the 4th century BC. Aulus Gellius relates that Xenophilus was the intimate friend and teacher of Aristoxenus, and implies that Xenophilus taught him Pythagorean doctrine.	Xenophilus	philosopher	musician
occupation	Ragi Edde (Arabic: راجي إده‎; born May 18, 1985) is a Lebanese former swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle events.	Ragi Edde	swimmer
occupation	Jonathan Stone (April 29, 1823 -- November 26, 1897) was a Massachusetts politician who served on the Common Council, and as the twelfth and last mayor, of Charlestown, Massachusetts; and on the Revere, Massachusetts, Board of Selectmen.	Jonathan Stone	politician
occupation	Rick Mittleman (April 18, 1930 -- July 30, 2014) was an American screenwriter known for Bewitched, The Red Skelton Show, and many other TV series.	Rick Mittleman	screenwriter
occupation	David Brimmer is an American voice actor and fight choreographer.	David Brimmer	voice actor
occupation	Ernesto de la Cárcova (March 3, 1866 -- December 28, 1927) was an Argentine painter of the Realist school.	Ernesto de la Cárcova	painter
occupation	Winnett Boyd (born October 17, 1916) is a Canadian engineer who made major contributions to the development of the jet engine and nuclear reactor design.	Winnett Boyd	engineer
occupation	Vida Petrović-Škero (Serbian: Вида Петровић-Шкеро) (born March 15, 1952 in Belgrade) is a Serbian Supreme Court judge.	Vida Petrović-Škero	judge
occupation	Grace Nono is a Filipino singer, known for her musical style based on traditional Filipino rhythms.	Grace Nono	singer
occupation	Dennis Rawlins (born 1937) is an American astronomer and historian who has acquired the reputation of skeptic primarily with respect to historical claims connected to astronomical considerations.	Dennis Rawlins	astronomer	historian
occupation	Emanuel von Friedrichsthal (January 12, 1809 -- March 3, 1842) was an Austrian traveler, daguerreotypist, botanist, and amateur archaeologist, who traveled through the Balkans and in Central America and documented his findings.	Emanuel von Friedrichsthal	archaeologist
occupation	Christine Overall FRSC is a Canadian philosopher specialising in feminist theory and applied ethics.	Christine Overall	philosopher
occupation	Rudolph Carl Bigalke was a zoologist, a director of the McGregor Museum in Kimberley, South Africa, subsequently heading the Department of nature conservation at the University of Stellenbosch and serving for several terms as Dean of the Faculty of Forestry at that university.	Rudolph Carl Bigalke	zoologist
occupation	Julien Magnat is a film and television screenwriter and director.	Julien Magnat	screenwriter
occupation	Robert Riley Wallace (born October 25, 1941) is a retired American basketball coach who was most recently head men's basketball coach at the University of Hawaii at Manoa.	Riley Wallace	basketball coach
occupation	Sigmund Riefler (August 9, 1847 -- October 21, 1912) was a German physicist, inventor and precision clockmaker.	Sigmund Riefler	physicist
occupation	David Tavaré (born December 20, 1984) is a Spanish singer and House Music DJ .	David Tavaré	singer
occupation	Isobella Jade (born September 3, 1982) is an American author, petite model and inspirational speaker and also works in public relations.	Isobella Jade	model
occupation	Ashwin Balrak (born May 17, 1975) is a Dutch-Surinamese professional kickboxer and lawyer.	Ashwin Balrak	lawyer
occupation	Sydney Ayres (August 28, 1879 -- September 9, 1916) was an American silent film actor, director and screenwriter.	Sydney Ayres	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Alena Sharp (born March 7, 1981 in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada) is a professional golfer from Canada, currently playing on the U.S.-based LPGA Tour.	Alena Sharp	golfer
occupation	William Tudor (March 28, 1750--July 8, 1819) was a wealthy lawyer and leading citizen of Boston.	William Tudor	lawyer
occupation	Ron Coote AM (born 1944) is an Australian former representative rugby league player whose club career was played with the South Sydney and Eastern Suburbs, both of whom he won premierships with.	Ron Coote	rugby league player
occupation	Ferdo Delak (June 29, 1905 -- January 16, 1968) was a Slovene theater and film director and journalist.	Ferdo Delak	film director
occupation	Denisse Alejandra Malebrán Soto, known as Denisse Malebrán (May 28, 1976, Santiago), is a Chilean singer, songwriter and vocalist.	Denisse Malebrán	singer
occupation	Javier Heraud Pérez (1942-1963) was a Peruvian poet and member of the Ejército de Liberación Nacional (ELN).	Javier Heraud	poet
occupation	John Wilde (1919--2006, pronounced ``WILL-dee'') was a painter, draughtsman and printmaker of fantastic imagery.	John Wilde	painter
occupation	Oswald Thompson Allis (September 9, 1880 -- January 12, 1973) was an American Presbyterian theologian and Bible scholar.	Oswald Thompson Allis	theologian
occupation	Jeff Farias is a progressive talk-show radio host and producer.	Jeff Farias	radio host
occupation	Greg Hirte is a professional violinist, actor, and composer based out of Chicago, Illinois.	Greg Hirte	violinist
occupation	Gardiner Greene Hubbard (August 25, 1822 -- December 11, 1897) was a U.S. lawyer, financier, and philanthropist.	Gardiner Greene Hubbard	lawyer
occupation	Des Lyons (born 9 June 1938) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Des Lyons	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Edward Earl Terry (August 22, 1902--May 18, 1985), known professionally as Tex Terry, was an American film actor who often played a henchman in B-movie Westerns during the 1940s and 50s.	Tex Terry	actor
occupation	William S. James (February 14, 1914 -- April 17, 1993), called Bill or Billy James by contemporaries, was a politician from the U.S. state of Maryland.	William S. James	politician
occupation	Dr. Jagdish Gupta was a noble poet, Literature writer and critic.	Jagdish Gupt	writer
occupation	Peter Silver (born New Haven, Connecticut) is an early American historian.	Peter Silver	historian
occupation	Larkin Grimm (born September 18, 1981) is an American singer-songwriter and musician born in Memphis, Tennessee.	Larkin Grimm	singer
occupation	Rômulo Duncan Arantes Filho (usually Rômulo Arantes; June 12, 1957 -- June 10, 2000) was a Brazilian swimmer and actor.	Rômulo Arantes	actor
occupation	Ashley Nichole Lomberger (née Simmons and formerly Cabot; born February 5, 1986) is an American professional wrestler currently signed to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) under the ring name Madison Rayne.	Madison Rayne	professional wrestler
occupation	Ian Llord (born June 9, 1985 in St. Catharines, Ontario) is a professional lacrosse player who plays for the Rochester Knighthawks of the National Lacrosse League and the Six Nations Chiefs of Major Series Lacrosse.	Ian Llord	lacrosse player
occupation	Larry Bishop (born November 30, 1948) is an American actor, screenwriter and movie director.	Larry Bishop	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Jeffrey Schiff is an artist working in Brooklyn, New York.	Jeffrey Schiff	artist
occupation	Cesáreo Gabaráin (April 30, 1936 -- April 20, 1991) was a Spanish priest and composer of liturgical songs such as Pescador de hombres (Fisher of Men).	Cesáreo Gabaráin	priest	composer
occupation	Martin Nodell (November 15, 1915 -- December 9, 2006) was an American cartoonist and commercial artist, best known as the creator of the Golden Age superhero Green Lantern.	Martin Nodell	cartoonist
occupation	Ligia Barrios, better known as Lya Barrioz, is a Nicaraguan singer, producer, actress and an environmentalism activist, co-founder of S.O.S. BOSAWAS (a green movement that advocates for one of the world's most important biosphere reserves: Bosawás, located in Nicaragua).	Lya Barrioz	singer
occupation	Charles F. McMillan is an American nuclear physicist and is the 10th director of the Los Alamos National Laboratory.	Charles F. McMillan	physicist
occupation	Juan Eduardo de Urraza, aka ``Jeu Azarru'', (born September 2, 1974) is a Latin American writer of science-fiction, fantasy and poetry.	Jeu Azarru	writer
occupation	James Waddel Alexander (March 13, 1804 -- July 31, 1859) was an American Presbyterian minister and theologian who followed in the footsteps of his father, Rev. Archibald Alexander.	James Waddel Alexander	theologian
occupation	Olga Segura also founded the production company Producciones a Ciegas, along with fellow actor and friend Héctor Jiménez.	Olga Segura	actor
occupation	Laurence Steinberg is an American university professor of psychology, specializing in child and adolescent psychological development.	Laurence Steinberg	university professor
occupation	Banda Kanakalingeshwara Rao B.L. (Telugu: బందా కనకలింగేశ్వరరావు) (January 20, 1907 - December 3, 1968) was famous Telugu drama and film actor.	Banda Kanakalingeshwara Rao	actor
occupation	Karla Höcker's father Paul Oskar Höcker was already a best-selling author when Karla was born, in Charlottenburg.	Karla Höcker	author
occupation	Claire Simpson is a British film editor whose work has been honored with an Academy Award (for Oliver Stone's Platoon) and a BAFTA Film Award for Best Editing for The Constant Gardener.	Claire Simpson	film editor
occupation	Dia Frampton (born October 2, 1987), is an American singer-songwriter and was the lead singer of the band Meg & Dia.	Dia Frampton	singer-songwriter	singer
occupation	Kelly Williamson (née Handel, born December 5, 1977) is an American triathlete who races in non-drafting, long-course events.	Kelly Williamson	triathlete
occupation	Tasya van Ree (April 30, 1976) is an American artist and photographer.	Tasya van Ree	photographer
occupation	Alhaji Mohamed Kemoh Fadika (born in Bo, Sierra Leone) is a Sierra Leonean diplomat and the current Sierra Leone's ambassador to Iran.	Kemoh Fadika	diplomat
occupation	Jeremy Luke (born March 23, 1977) is an American actor, best known for his roles in Jersey Shore Shark Attack, Don Jon and as Mickey Cohen in the TNT series Mob City.	Jeremy Luke	actor
occupation	Fiona Hayes (b. September 13, 1982) is an Irish rugby union player.	Fiona Hayes	rugby union player
occupation	Mark Bayes (born 15 March 1967) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Sydney Swans in the Victorian/Australian Football League.	Mark Bayes	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Steve Veriato (born May 6, 1946) is an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour, Asian Tour, Canadian Tour, and Champions Tour where he won once.	Steve Veriato	golfer
occupation	Eugen Siebecke was a German politician and member of the SPD.	Eugen Siebecke	politician
occupation	Chang Chun-hsiung (traditional Chinese: 張俊雄; simplified Chinese: 张俊雄; pinyin: Zhāng Jùnxióng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tiuⁿ Chùn-hiông), born March 23, 1938 is a Taiwanese politician.	Chang Chun-hsiung	politician
occupation	John Knox Blair (September 19, 1873 -- November 11, 1950) was a Canadian politician, physician and teacher.	John Knox Blair	politician
occupation	He was an engineer by trade and at some point in his adult life, inherited the title 4th Baron Bliss of the Kingdom of Portugal from an ancestor named Sir John Moore.	Baron Bliss	engineer
occupation	Hélène Brodeur (July 13, 1923 -- August 15, 2010) was a Franco-Ontarian educator, journalist and writer.	Hélène Brodeur	journalist	writer
occupation	Diamanda Galás (born August 29, 1955) is an American avant-garde composer, vocalist, pianist, organist, performance artist, and painter.	Diamanda Galás	composer	pianist	performance artist	painter
occupation	Tori Sparks (born December 5, 1983) is an American singer-songwriter known for her unconventional lyrics and her blending of folk, rock, and blues influences.	Tori Sparks	singer-songwriter
occupation	Harvey Slocum (October 23, 1887 - November 11, 1961) was an American civil engineer and dam-building expert, known primarily for his part in the construction of Grand Coulee Dam in the United States and the Bhakra Dam in India.	Harvey Slocum	civil engineer
occupation	Connie Bruck is an award-winning American journalist and a reporter on subjects covering business and politics.	Connie Bruck	journalist
occupation	David Holliday (August 4, 1937 -- March 26, 1999) was an American Broadway actor and television voice actor.	David Holliday	actor
occupation	Igor Raykhelson (Russian: Игорь Райхельсон; born 24 April 1961 in Leningrad) is a Russian born American classical and jazz pianist and composer.	Igor Raykhelson	pianist	composer
occupation	P. Ramdas (1933--2014) was an Indian film director and screenwriter best known for his film Newspaper Boy which was influenced by Italian neorealism.	P. Ramdas	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Wolfgang Kraushaar (born 2 September 1948) is a political scientist and historian at the Hamburger Institut für Sozialforschung.	Wolfgang Kraushaar	historian
occupation	Joseph Ulysse Edgar Rochette (April 28, 1890 -- June 15, 1953) was a Canadian lawyer, judge, and provincial politician.	Edgar Rochette	lawyer	politician
occupation	A. Hays Town (June 17, 1903 -- January 6, 2005) was an American architect whose career spanned over sixty-five years.	A. Hays Town	architect
occupation	Tamela D'Amico is an American jazz singer, actress, and filmmaker.	Tamela D'Amico	singer
occupation	Robert Kennicott (November 13, 1835 -- May 13, 1866) was an American naturalist and herpetologist.	Robert Kennicott	naturalist
occupation	Thomas Alan Greene, known as Tom Greene (born September 7, 1948), is a veterinarian and rancher from Maringouin in Iberville Parish, Louisiana, who served in the Louisiana State Senate from 1992 to 2000.	Tom Greene	rancher
occupation	Kathrin Haacker (born April 3, 1967 in Wismar) is a German former rower, who competed for SC Dynamo Berlin.	Kathrin Haacker	rower
occupation	Matti Kovler (born September 14, 1980) (Hebrew: מתי קובלר‎) is a Russian-born Israeli-American composer, creator of new music theatre works, and the executive and artistic director of Floating Tower.	Matti Kovler	composer
occupation	Frédéric Lagrange is a fashion, travel, portrait, and lifestyle photographer.	Frédéric Lagrange	photographer
occupation	Frank Shepard Fairey (born February 15, 1970) is an American contemporary street artist, graphic designer, activist, illustrator and founder of OBEY (clothing) who emerged from the skateboarding scene.	Shepard Fairey	artist	graphic designer
occupation	Zil-e-Huma Usman (September 16, 1971 -- February 20, 2007) was a Pakistani politician and activist for women's rights.	Zil-e-Huma Usman	politician
occupation	William Shakespeare Hays (July 19, 1837 -- July 23, 1907), was an American poet and lyricist.	William Shakespeare Hays	poet
occupation	Doretta Morrow (January 27, 1927 -- February 28, 1968) was an American actress, singer, and dancer who appeared in stage and television productions during the 1940s and 1950s.	Doretta Morrow	dancer
occupation	Eduard Prugovečki (March 19, 1937 -- October 13, 2003) was a Canadian physicist and mathematician of Croatian-Romanian descent.	Eduard Prugovečki	physicist	mathematician
occupation	Mohammad Nadeem Khan (Urdu: محمد ندیم خان‎; born December 10, 1969, Rawalpindi, Punjab) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in 2 Tests and 2 ODIs from 1993 to 1999.	Nadeem Khan	cricketer
occupation	Karl Wallenda (January 21, 1905 -- March 22, 1978) was a German-American high wire artist and founder of The Flying Wallendas, a daredevil circus act which performed dangerous stunts, often without a safety net.	Karl Wallenda	artist
occupation	Jiang Guangtao (simplified Chinese: 姜广涛; traditional Chinese: 姜廣濤; pinyin: Jiāng Guǎngtāo) is a Chinese actor, voice actor and dubbing director of Mainland China, dubbing and directing foreign content in the Mandarin Chinese format.	Jiang Guangtao	voice actor
occupation	Faustus of Byzantium (also Faustus the Byzantine, Armenian: Փավստոս Բուզանդ, P’avstos Buzand) was an Armenian historian of the 5th century.	Faustus of Byzantium	historian
occupation	Alter Chanoch Henoch Leibowitz (c. 1918 -- April 15, 2008) was an Orthodox rabbi who was rosh yeshiva of Yeshivas Rabbeinu Yisrael Meir HaKohen, which was founded by his father Rabbi Dovid Leibowitz in 1933.	Henoch Leibowitz	rabbi
occupation	Maxwell Lewis Rafferty, Jr., known as Max Rafferty (May 1917 -- June 13, 1982), was a writer, educator, and politician.	Max Rafferty	writer
occupation	Benjamin Kanes (born March 25, 1977) is an American actor, screenwriter, film director and producer.	Benjamin Kanes	actor
occupation	Pamela Jain (Bengali: পামেলা জৈন) is a Hindi singer.	Pamela Jain	singer
occupation	Lukia Isanga Nakadama, sometimes written Rukia Isanga Nakadama, is a Ugandan businesswoman, educator and politician.	Lukia Isanga Nakadama	politician
occupation	Eduard Andreevitch Krushevsky (Russian: Эдуард Андреевич Крушевский) - was a Russian conductor and composer.	Eduard Andreevitch Krushevsky	conductor	composer
occupation	Aleksander Bychowiec of Mogiła (Russian: Александр Иосифович Биховец) was a Russian-Polish noble and an amateur historian of the Russian Empire from the Grodno Governorate.	Aleksander Bychowiec	historian
occupation	Mimi Hwang is an American cellist and a winner of both the Banff and the Evian International String Quartet Competitions.	Mimi Hwang	cellist
occupation	Madhushree (born Sujata Bhattacharya) is an Indian singer, who sings in Hindi, Tamil, Telugu and Kannada films.	Madhushree	singer
occupation	David Michael Petrou is a film producer, author and communications executive.	David Michael Petrou	film producer
occupation	Zhaoming Wu is a Chinese-born painter.	Zhaoming Wu	painter
occupation	David Tod (February 21, 1805 -- November 13, 1868) was a politician and industrialist from the U.S. state of Ohio.	David Tod	politician
occupation	Ludlow Griscom (June 17, 1890 -- May 28, 1959) was an American ornithologist known as a pioneer in field ornithology.	Ludlow Griscom	ornithologist
occupation	Jean-Paul Bruneteau is a French-Australian chef and author who is credited with playing a pioneering role in the development of an authentic Australian cuisine based on indigenous ingredients.	Jean-Paul Bruneteau	chef
occupation	Tony Tarracino (August 10, 1916 -- November 1, 2008), commonly called Captain Tony, was an American saloonkeeper, boat captain, politician, gambler, and storyteller in Key West, Florida.	Tony Tarracino	politician
occupation	Russell Burn is a Scottish musician and drummer, formerly known from the post punk band The Fire Engines, and WIN with Davy Henderson.	Russell Burn	drummer
occupation	Davit Kezerashvili (Georgian: დავით კეზერაშვილი) (born September 22, 1978) is a Georgian politician, who from November 10, 2006 to December 5, 2008 was the country's Minister of Defense.	Davit Kezerashvili	politician
occupation	Antenor (Greek: Ἀντήνωρ, Antḗnōr; fl. c. 540 -- c. 500 BC) was an Athenian sculptor.	Antenor	sculptor
occupation	Günther Porod (1919 in Faak am See near Villach -- 1984 in Graz) was an Austrian physicist.	Günther Porod	physicist
occupation	Kyle Tress (born May 29, 1981) is an American Olympic skeleton racer who has competed since 2002.	Kyle Tress	skeleton racer
occupation	Tod Ohnstad (born May 21, 1952) is an American labor union official, machinist, and politician.	Tod Ohnstad	politician
occupation	Wu Shaozu (Simplified Chinese: 伍绍祖, April 1939 -- September 18, 2012) was a Chinese politician and a major general of the People's Liberation Army.	Wu Shaozu	politician
occupation	Kaui Hart Hemmings is an American writer who was born and raised in Hawaii.	Kaui Hart Hemmings	writer
occupation	William Warren Lynch (September 30, 1845 -- November 23, 1916) was a Canadian lawyer, politician, and judge in the province of Quebec.	William Warren Lynch	politician
occupation	Count Johan August Sandels (August 31, 1764 -- January 22, 1831) was a Swedish soldier and politician, being appointed Governor of Norway (Riksståthållare in Swedish, Rigsstatholder in Dano-Norwegian) 1818 and Field Marshal in 1824.	Johan August Sandels	politician
occupation	Paul Sarebresole (May 1875 - October 3, 1911) was an early composer of ragtime music.	Paul Sarebresole	composer
occupation	Marilyn More is a retired Canadian educator and politician from Nova Scotia.	Marilyn More	politician
occupation	Andrea D'Antoni (1811 in Palermo, Sicily -- 1868) was an Italian painter of the Neoclassical period.	Andrea D'Antoni	painter
occupation	Alberto Siliotti is a scientific journalist, writer and photographer.	Alberto Siliotti	journalist	photographer
occupation	Bruce Gowers is an English television director and producer, best known for work on large-scale live music and event productions.	Bruce Gowers	television director
occupation	David Parton (born David Eric Stanley Parton) is an English singer-songwriter and record producer from Newcastle Under Lyme, Staffordshire, England.	David Parton	singer-songwriter
occupation	Gianmatteo Fernan Guidicelli, better known as Matteo Guidicelli (born March 26, 1990), is a Filipino-Italian actor, model, racer and singer.	Matteo Guidicelli	actor
occupation	Field Days is the performing and recording name of Patrick Damphier (born December 20, 1981), an American singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and producer.	Field Days	songwriter
occupation	Hamish Moore is a Scottish musician and bagpipe maker.	Hamish Moore	musician
occupation	Ronald Caltabiano (born December 7, 1959) is an American arts administrator and composer of contemporary classical music, with his music showing elements of modernism and romanticism.	Ronald Caltabiano	composer
occupation	Jack Shackelford (March 20, 1790 -- January 22, 1857) was an American doctor, politician and soldier.	Jack Shackelford	politician
occupation	Samuel Langhorne Clemens (November 30, 1835 -- April 21, 1910), better known by his pen name Mark Twain, was an American author and humorist.	Mark Twain	humorist
occupation	Rahul Pandita (Hindi pronunciation: (raːɦʊl pŋɖɪt̪aː)) is a well-known Indian author and journalist.	Rahul Pandita	journalist
occupation	Petra Němcová (Czech pronunciation: (ˈpɛtra ˈɲɛmt͡sovaː); born June 24, 1979) is a Czech model, television host, and philanthropist, who founded and chairs the Happy Hearts Fund.	Petra Němcová	model
occupation	Dr. Anastase Gasana (born August 5, 1950 in Gikomero, near Kigali, Rwanda) is a Rwandan political figure and diplomat.	Anastase Gasana	diplomat
occupation	Melinda Széky-Sztrémi (née Sztrémi; born March 16, 1958) is a Hungarian educator and politician, mayor of Salgótarján from 2006 to 2014 and also member of the National Assembly (MP) for Salgótarján (Nógrád County Constituency I) between 2010 and 2014.	Melinda Széky-Sztrémi	politician
occupation	Kim Carnes (born July 20, 1945) is a two-time Grammy Award winning American singer-songwriter.	Kim Carnes	singer-songwriter
occupation	Jorge Santiago Rodrigues (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈʒɔʁʒi sɐ̃tʃiˈaɡu); born October 9, 1980) is a retired Brazilian mixed martial artist.	Jorge Santiago	mixed martial artist
occupation	Vinnie Mele (born as Vincenzo Seraphino Mele, February 17, 1977) is an American singer, actor, composer, and instrumentalist.	Vinnie Mele	singer
occupation	Luis Alberto Sucre, a member of the Sucre family, was a well-known Venezuelan historian.	Luis Alberto Sucre	historian
occupation	Cho Jae-hyun (born June 30, 1965) is a South Korean film, stage, and TV actor.	Cho Jae-hyun	actor
occupation	Louisa Young is a British novelist, short-story writer, biographer and journalist.	Louisa Young	novelist	journalist
occupation	Sean Faircloth is an American writer and politician from Maine.	Sean Faircloth	politician
occupation	Robert William Hughes (January 16, 1821 -- December 10, 1901) was a Virginia newspaperman, lawyer, and federal judge.	Robert William Hughes	lawyer	judge
occupation	Brian Keane (born 1953) is an American composer, music producer, musician and guitarist.	Brian Keane	composer
occupation	René Cardona Jr. (1939-2003) was a prolific Mexican filmmaker and actor, son of well-known Mexican director René Cardona, and the father of Rene Cardona III (also an actor/director).	René Cardona Jr.	actor
occupation	Erika Figge (born January 9, 1985 in Orange, California) is a water polo player from the United States, playing as an attacker.	Erika Figge	water polo player
occupation	Jagannath Rao (10 December 1909) was an Indian politician belonging to the Indian National Congress he was elected in 1957,1962,1967,1971,1977,1980 and 1984 from Berhampur in Odisha to the Lower House of the Indian Parliament the Lok Sabha.	Jagannath Rao	politician
occupation	Chaima Trabelsi (born in March 11, 1982) is a Tunisian racewalker.	Chaima Trabelsi	racewalker
occupation	Damian Rice is an Australian actor who has appeared in various Australian drama series, including GP, Fire, All Saints and Blue Heelers.	Damian Rice	actor
occupation	Michael Kanin (February 1, 1910 -- March 12, 1993) was an American director, producer, playwright and screenwriter who shared an Academy Award with Ring Lardner Jr. in 1942 for writing the Katharine Hepburn-Spencer Tracy film comedy Woman of the Year.	Michael Kanin	screenwriter
occupation	James Lynn Strait (August 7, 1968 -- December 11, 1998) was the lead singer and lyricist for the rock band Snot.	Lynn Strait	singer
occupation	Pat Silver-Lasky is an American actress, screenwriter, and writer, mostly known for her collaborations with her second husband Jesse Lasky Jr.	Pat Silver-Lasky	screenwriter	writer
occupation	Viveka Eriksson or Viveca Eriksson (born August 18, 1956) is a politician on the autonomous Åland Islands and the former Premier of Åland from 2007 to 2011.	Viveka Eriksson	politician
occupation	Robert Hürlimann is a Swiss curler.	Robert Hürlimann	curler
occupation	Mike Piersante is a recording engineer and mixer.	Mike Piersante	engineer
occupation	Kim Sang-bum (Hangul: 김상범; hanja: 金尚汎; born July 7, 1989), known by the stage name Kim Bum, is a South Korean actor, dancer, singer and model.	Kim Bum	actor	singer	model
occupation	Antonio Carozza, (born July 5, 1985), better known as Antonello Carozza, is an Italian singer, songwriter, composer, record producer, pianist and vocal coach .	Antonello Carozza	singer
occupation	Jose de Rivera (September 18, 1904 Baton Rouge, Louisiana - March 12, 1985 New York City) was an American abstract sculptor.	Jose de Rivera	sculptor
occupation	Paul Lapinski is an audio engineer who specializes in engineering, water polo, mixing, producing and mastering.	Paul Lapinski	audio engineer
occupation	Phyllis Bramson (born in Madison, Wisconsin, United States) is an American painter.	Phyllis Bramson	painter
occupation	Robert Toth (born 1969) is a Swedish illustrator and cartoonist .	Robert Toth	illustrator
occupation	Albert Nelson Marquis (January 10, 1855 - December 21, 1943) was a Chicago publisher best known for creating the Who's Who book series, starting with Who's Who in America which was first published in 1899.	Albert Nelson Marquis	publisher
occupation	Zvi Hecker (Hebrew: צבי הקר‎; born May 31, 1931) is a Polish-born Israeli architect.	Zvi Hecker	architect
occupation	France Rode (November 20, 1934 in Nožice, Slovenia) is an engineer and inventor best known for his work on the HP-35 pocket calculator.	France Rode	engineer
occupation	Joseph Giunta (1911--2001) was a Canadian painter whose career spanned over 70 years.	Joseph Giunta	painter
occupation	Marcian of Heraclea (Ancient Greek: Μαρκιανός Ηρακλειώτης; Latin: Marcianus Heracleensis; fl. c. 4th century AD) was a Late Antiquity minor Greek geographer from Heraclea Pontica.	Marcian of Heraclea	geographer
occupation	Andrew Hughes, better known as Semothy Jones or Sem for short, is an English songwriter and record producer from Islington, London.	Semothy Jones	songwriter	record producer
occupation	George Alan Rekers (born July 11, 1948) is an American psychologist and ordained Southern Baptist minister.	George Alan Rekers	psychologist
occupation	Joseph G. Gavin Jr. (September 18, 1920 -- October 30, 2010) was an American engineer responsible for the development of the lunar module used in the Apollo program, as well as president, chief operating officer and chairman of the executive committee of the Grumman Corporation.	Joseph G. Gavin Jr	engineer	officer
occupation	Rintu Roy is a List A cricketer from Bangladesh who played 4 matches for Sylhet Division in 2001/02.	Rintu Roy	cricketer
occupation	Pedro Zayas, known as Peedi Peedi and also Peedi Crakk (born September 25, 1977) is an American rapper of Puerto Rican descent.	Peedi Peedi	rapper
occupation	Arthur Lange (April 16, 1889 -- December 7, 1956) was a United States bandleader and Tin Pan Alley composer of popular music.	Arthur Lange	bandleader	composer
occupation	Heinz Schildan is a German ice hockey player, who competed for SG Dynamo Weißwasser.	Heinz Schildan	ice hockey player
occupation	Amy Hart is a Chicago-born singer-songwriter who currently resides in Nashville.	Amy Hart	singer-songwriter
occupation	Tonny Zwollo (born 1942) is a Dutch architect who has worked since 1964 in the Americas.	Tonny Zwollo	architect
occupation	Sang Yoon is a restaurateur, chef and the owner of the Father's Office gastropub, and the chef/owner of Lukshon Restaurant.	Sang Yoon	restaurateur	chef
occupation	Hwang Jang-yop (Hangŭl: 황장엽; February 17, 1923 -- October 10, 2010) was a North Korean politician who defected to South Korea in 1997, best known for being, to date, the highest-ranking North Korean defector.	Hwang Jang-yop	politician
occupation	Giovanni Miegge (1900--1961) was an Italian Protestant theologian and author on religious issues.	Giovanni Miegge	theologian
occupation	Clair Cameron Patterson (June 2, 1922 -- December 5, 1995) was an American geochemist.	Clair Cameron Patterson	geochemist
occupation	La Mazille (born Andrée Maze, 1891--1984) was a French writer, best remembered for being the author of the cookbook La Bonne Cuisine du Périgord.	La Mazille	writer
occupation	Francis Bertody Sumner (1874--1945) was an American ichthyologist, zoologist and writer.	Francis Bertody Sumner	zoologist
occupation	Miriam O'Brien Underhill (1898 - 1976) was an American mountaineer, environmentalist and feminist, best known for the concept of ``manless climbing'' - organizing all-women's ascents of challenging climbs, mostly in the Alps.	Miriam O'Brien Underhill	mountaineer
occupation	Eric Calcagno y Maillmann (born April 9, 1967) is an Argentine sociologist, journalist, diplomat and politician.	Eric Calcagno	sociologist	journalist	diplomat	politician
occupation	Melissa Pasut is a dancer and choreographer specializing in contemporary dance, with particular focus on contact improvisation among dancers and the inclusion of musicians onstage as active participants in the movement.	Melissa Pasut	choreographer
occupation	Basil L. Plumley (January 1, 1920 -- October 10, 2012) was a career soldier and airborne combat infantryman in the United States Army who eventually achieved the rank of Command Sergeant Major.	Basil L. Plumley	soldier
occupation	Robert Hicks, better known as Barbecue Bob (September 11, 1902 -- October 21, 1931) was an early American Piedmont blues musician.	Barbecue Bob	musician
occupation	Francesco Solimena (October 4, 1657 -- April 3, 1747) was a prolific Italian painter of the Baroque era, one of an established family of painters and draughtsmen.	Francesco Solimena	painter
occupation	Frank Marlowe, also known as Frank Riggi and Frank Marlo (January 20, 1904 -- March 30, 1964) was an American character actor from the 1930s until the 1960s.	Frank Marlowe	actor
occupation	Johann Adalbert Angermeyer (1674 -- 1740), was a Bohemian (German-Czech) painter.	Johann Adalbert Angermeyer	painter
occupation	Katherine Milhous (1894--1977) was an American artist, illustrator, and writer.	Katherine Milhous	writer
occupation	Jamie Thompson (stage name: J'aime Tambeur) is a Canadian musician who has been the drummer for several Canadian bands, including Islands and Th' Corn Gangg.	Jamie Thompson	musician
occupation	George Taliaferro Ward (1810 -- May 5, 1862) was a cotton plantation owner and politician from Leon County, Florida.	George Taliaferro Ward	politician
occupation	Al Hoffman (September 25, 1902 -- July 21, 1960) was an American song composer.	Al Hoffman	composer
occupation	Ingrid Bolsø Berdal (Norwegian pronunciation: (ˈɪŋrɪ ˈbʊlsøː ˈbæɖɑl); born 2 March 1980) is a Norwegian actress, singer, and film producer.	Ingrid Bolsø Berdal	singer
occupation	Arturo Rosenblueth Stearns (October 2, 1900 -- September 20, 1970) was a Mexican researcher, physician and physiologist, who is known as one of the pioneers of cybernetics.	Arturo Rosenblueth	physiologist
occupation	Kevyn Major Howard is a Canadian actor best known for his role as ``Rafterman'' in Stanley Kubrick's Full Metal Jacket and as The A-Team's complex anti-hero, Marcus.	Kevyn Major Howard	actor
occupation	Joseph F. Bruno (born circa 1944) is a public official in New York City who has served as a lawyer, Fire Commissioner, New York City Civil Court Judge and New York State Supreme Court Judge.	Joseph F. Bruno	lawyer
occupation	Anthony Reynard Watson, a native of Mobile, Alabama, is an American soul singer, who toured and recorded (off and on) with The Chi-Lites in the late 1980s and 1990s.	Anthony Reynard Watson	singer
occupation	Franz Xaver Süssmayr (German: Franz Xaver Süßmayr; sometimes written in English as Suessmayr; 1766 -- September 17, 1803) was an Austrian composer, most famous for his completion of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's Requiem.	Franz Xaver Süssmayr	composer
occupation	Eric Fructuoso (born Frederick John Marco Magdaluyo Fructuoso on March 31, 1977) is a Filipino actor and former hip hop dancer.	Eric Fructuoso	actor
occupation	William Cranch Bond (September 9, 1789 -- January 29, 1859) was an American astronomer, and the first director of Harvard College Observatory.	William Cranch Bond	astronomer
occupation	Norodom Rattana Devi (born June 18, 1974) is a Cambodian princess and politician.	Norodom Rattana Devi	politician
occupation	Michael Okuda is an American graphic designer best known for his work on Star Trek.	Michael Okuda	graphic designer
occupation	Matt McCorkle is an American audio engineer, mix engineer and sound designer based out of New York City.	Matt McCorkle	audio engineer	engineer
occupation	Errol Francis, better known as DJ Dextrous, and also as Dextrous or Dex, is a British composer and producer.	DJ Dextrous	composer
occupation	Hamza Dirani حمزة ديراني (born in Amman, August 16, 1982) is a Jordanian race car and kart racing driver.	Hamza Dirani	racing driver
occupation	Antônio Lomanto Júnior, widely known as Lomanto Júnior, (November 29, 1924 -- November 23, 2015) was a Brazilian politician.	Antônio Lomanto Júnior	politician
occupation	Nicolae Rosetti-Bălănescu (December 6, 1827 -- May 11, 1884) was a lawyer and Romanian politician who served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Principality of Romania from August 29, 1863 until October 29, 1865.	Nicolae Rosetti-Bălănescu	politician
occupation	Frankie Manning (May 26, 1914 -- April 27, 2009) was an American dancer, instructor and choreographer.	Frankie Manning	choreographer
occupation	Jennie Loitman Barron (October 12, 1891 -- March 28, 1969) was an American suffragist, lawyer, and judge.	Jennie Loitman Barron	lawyer
occupation	Reuben Gronau (born 1937) is an Israeli American economist, notable for his contributions to labour economics and economic sociology, in particular the Gronau model of time allocation and home production.	Reuben Gronau	economist
occupation	Edward Monroe Freeman (February 12, 1875 -- February 5, 1954) was an American botanist, born at St. Paul.	Edward Monroe Freeman	botanist
occupation	Guy Edward Hearn (September 6, 1888 -- April 15, 1963) was an American actor who, in a forty-year film career, starting in 1915, played hundreds of roles, starting with juvenile leads, then, briefly, as leading man, all during the silent era.	Guy Edward Hearn	actor
occupation	Devendra Chougule is a Marathi actor, who has acted in numerous Marathi dramas, movies and television serials for over 9 years.	Devendra Chougule	actor
occupation	Fitz-Greene Halleck (July 8, 1790 -- November 19, 1867) was an American poet notable for his satires and as one of the Knickerbocker Group.	Fitz-Greene Halleck	poet
occupation	Friedrich Heinrich Wiggers (March 15, 1746 -- March 3, 1811) was a German botanist who wrote a flora of Holstein in 1780.	Friedrich Heinrich Wiggers	botanist
occupation	Yoon Jung-soo (Hangul: 윤정수; born February 8, 1972) is a South Korean comedian.	Yoon Jung-soo	comedian
occupation	Eve Queler (born January 11, 1931) is an American conductor and the emerita Artistic Director of the Opera Orchestra of New York (OONY).	Eve Queler	conductor
occupation	Emilio Buale Coka (born November 26, 1972) is an Equatorial Guinean-Spanish actor of Bubi descent.	Emilio Buale Coka	actor
occupation	Barlow Der Mugrdechian is a historian and lecturer of Armenian studies at California State University, Fresno, where he teaches Armenian language, literature, history and culture courses.	Barlow Der Mugrdechian	historian
occupation	Louise Katz is an Australian writer of fantasy and young-adult fiction.	Louise Katz	writer
occupation	John W. Olsen, Ph.D. is an American archaeologist specializing in the early Stone Age prehistory and Pleistocene paleoecology of eastern Eurasia.	John W. Olsen	archaeologist
occupation	Karen Tso (born 13 September) is an Australian television journalist and anchor at CNBC Europe.	Karen Tso	journalist
occupation	John Costelloe (c. 1900 -- date of death unknown) was an Irish shopkeeper and Fianna Fáil politician who served for two years as a member of the 10th Seanad Éireann.	John Costelloe	politician
occupation	P. Madhavan is a Tamil film director and film producer in Tamil cinema in 1960s and 1970s.	P. Madhavan	film director
occupation	Alfreda Benge is a lyricist and illustrator.	Alfreda Benge	illustrator
occupation	Movlud Miraliyev (born February 27, 1974 in Kitob, Qashqadaryo Province, Uzbekistan) is a retired Azerbaijani judoka.	Movlud Miraliyev	judoka
occupation	Salomon Juan Marcos Issa, (July 5, 1948; Torreón, Coahuila) is a Mexican politician.	Salomon Juan Marcos Issa	politician
occupation	Billie Jo Spears (born Billie Jean Spears, January 14, 1937 -- December 14, 2011) was an American country music singer.	Billie Jo Spears	singer
occupation	Dick Dale (born Richard Anthony Monsour on May 4, 1937) is an American surf rock guitarist, known as The King of the Surf Guitar.	Dick Dale	guitarist
occupation	Sandra Gouverneur (born October 2, 1976 in Heerhugowaard, North Holland) is a Dutch softball player, who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions.	Sandra Gouverneur	softball player
occupation	Julia Allison formerly Julia Allison Baugher (born February 28, 1981) is an American journalist, television commentator, public speaker and former BRAVO star.	Julia Allison	journalist
occupation	Shannon Bream (born Shannon Noelle DePuy; December 23, 1970) is an American journalist for the Fox News Channel.	Shannon Bream	journalist
occupation	Bill Stern (July 1, 1907 -- November 19, 1971) was a U.S. actor and sportscaster who announced the nation's first remote sports broadcast and the first telecast of a baseball game.	Bill Stern	actor
occupation	Paul Glancey is a video game producer and former journalist in the United Kingdom.	Paul Glancey	journalist
occupation	Albert Christopher Ladesich (September 7, 1918 -- March 3, 1995), better known as Al Christy, was an American actor, advertising executive, and radio and television announcer.	Al Christy	actor
occupation	General James Watson Webb (February 8, 1802 -- June 7, 1884) was a United States diplomat, newspaper publisher and a New York politician in the Whig and Republican parties.	James Watson Webb	diplomat
occupation	Susan Paddack is a Democratic politician and former educator in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.	Susan Paddack	politician
occupation	Roch La Salle, PC (August 6, 1928 -- August 20, 2007) was a Canadian politician who served in the province of Quebec.	Roch La Salle	politician
occupation	Alfredo Fuentes Hernández is a Colombian diplomat, lawyer and economist.	Alfredo Fuentes Hernández	diplomat
occupation	Paul Krassner (born April 9, 1932) is an American author, journalist, comedian, and the founder, editor and a frequent contributor to the freethought magazine The Realist, first published in 1958.	Paul Krassner	journalist
occupation	Ernesto Balmaceda Bello (1887 -- February 24, 1906) was a Chilean diplomat, who was murdered in Belgium in a celebrated case that came to define diplomatic privileges and immunities for the retinue and families of diplomatic staff.	Ernesto Balmaceda Bello	diplomat
occupation	Robert Harworth or Fuyster (fl. 1388-1401), of Lincoln, was an English politician.	Robert Harworth	politician
occupation	Katharine Kuh (née Woolf) (1904--1994) was an art historian, curator, critic, and dealer from Chicago, Illinois.	Katharine Kuh	art historian
occupation	Fahir Atakoğlu (Turkish pronunciation: (faːˈhiɾ ˈatakoːɫu)) is a Turkish pianist and composer who has worked with a wide range of artists across many genres of music, ranging in style from symphonic scoring to advertising jingles.	Fahir Atakoğlu	pianist	composer
occupation	Friedrich Wilhelm Quintscher (October 3, 1883 -- May 8, 1945), better known under his self-assumed name Rah Omir Quintscher, was a notable German member of the Neopagan religion of Adonism, as well as being a noted occultist and ceremonial magician.	Friedrich Wilhelm Quintscher	occultist
occupation	John Michael Manos (December 8, 1922 -- July 6, 2006) was a United States federal judge for 30 years.	John Michael Manos	judge
occupation	Bruce Elliot Tapper (born in the USA) is a Telugu anthropologist and writer.	Bruce Elliot Tapper	anthropologist
occupation	Ibrahim Gashi (born 6 April 1963 in Lapušnik village in Drenas Kosovo) is an Kosovar Albanian academic and philosopher.	Ibrahim Gashi	philosopher
occupation	Pamela Romanowsky is a film director and screenwriter best known for her 2015 film The Adderall Diaries, an adaptation of Stephen Elliot's memoir of the same name.	Pamela Romanowsky	film director
occupation	John Womack Jr. (born 1937) is an historian of Latin America, particularly of Mexico, the Mexican Revolution (1910--1921) and Emiliano Zapata.	John Womack	historian
occupation	Luís Miguel Loureiro is a Portuguese state television (Rádio e Televisão de Portugal) journalist and media researcher at the University of Minho in Braga.	Luís Miguel Loureiro	journalist
occupation	Tabu Ram Taid (Assamese: টাবু ৰাম টাইড, Hindi: टाबु राम टाइड) known as 'Tabu Taid', is an Indian educationist, linguist, author and administrator.	Tabu Taid	linguist
occupation	Maira Khan is a Pakistani television actress, film actress, model and former VJ.	Maira Khan	model	VJ
occupation	Ramakrishnan, better known by his stage name Ramki, is an Indian film actor best known for his work in Tamil films as a lead actor from 1987 to 1997.	Ramki	actor
occupation	Godfrey Ho used an American actor Richard Harrison extensively as the lead role in many of his films.	Godfrey Ho	actor
occupation	Killa Sin has been in-and-out of prison for the better part of his career and has been linked to several violent incidents within the hip-hop community including one in which rapper Mase left with a broken jaw and another where associates of 50 Cent were robbed.	Killa Sin	rapper
occupation	John Boese, AIA, (pronounced BOW-SE) was a minor American architect practicing in New York City in the late nineteenth and early twentieth century.	John Boese	architect
occupation	George Earth (born July 3, 1966) is an American musician, guitarist, songwriter, composer, music producer, comic book artist, and talk show host from Echo Park, California.	George Earth	songwriter	composer
original network	The Opening Bell on Fox Business was an American business news program airing on the Fox Business Network at 9:00am Eastern Time and was hosted by Alexis Glick until December 23, 2009.	The Opening Bell on Fox Business	Fox Business Network
original network	Bringing Up Buddy is an American situation comedy which aired on CBS during the 1960--1961 season.	Bringing Up Buddy	CBS
original network	Amish in the City is an American reality television series which premiered on UPN on July 28, 2004.	Amish in the City	UPN
original network	Sons of Guns is a reality television series that aired on the Discovery Channel between 2011 and 2014.	Sons of Guns	Discovery Channel
original network	Morning Becomes Eclectic (MBE) is a three-hour adult album alternative radio program first aired in 1977 and broadcast live every weekday from KCRW in Santa Monica, California.	Morning Becomes Eclectic	KCRW
original network	Basta Sports is an informative sports program created by the ABS-CBN Foundation and airs weekly on ABS-CBN.	Basta Sports	ABS-CBN
original network	The Dutch Top 40 is one of the three official charts in the Netherlands, the other two being the Single Top 100, which is based entirely on sales and streaming and the Mega Top 50 (3FM) which, like the Dutch Top 40 also includes airplay data.	Dutch Top 40	3FM
original network	Tomasa Tequiero (I Love Tomasa) is a Venezuelan telenovela that was produced and aired on Venevisión between 2009 and 2010.	Tomasa Tequiero	Venevisión
original network	``Hi Hi Puffy Club'', more accurately titled ``Hi Hi Puffy Bu'' (Hi Hi Puffy 部 Hi Hi Puffy Kurabu) is Puffy AmiYumi's reality television series, which premiered on TV Asahi on 22 July 2007.	Hi Hi Puffy Bu	TV Asahi
original network	Shel Mi HaShura HaZot? (Hebrew: של מי השורה הזאת‎, lit. Whose Line Is It?) is an Israeli version of the British improvisational comedy TV show Whose Line Is It Anyway?, which aired from 2000 to 2001 on Channel 2 and from 2006 to 2007 on Channel 10.	Shel Mi HaShura HaZot?	Channel 2
original network	ITV News London is a regional news programme for the ITV London region (previously Carlton/LWT), produced by ITN.	ITV News London	ITV London
original network	The Real L Word is an American reality television series aired on the cable station Showtime, where it premiered on June 20, 2010.	The Real L Word	Showtime
original network	Masters of Sex is an American period drama television series that premiered on September 29, 2013, on Showtime.	Masters of Sex	Showtime
original network	Gamer's Guide to Pretty Much Everything is a live-action comedy series created by Devin Bunje and Nick Stanton, and produced by Devin Bunje, Nick Stanton, and Jim O'Doherty for Disney XD.	Gamer's Guide to Pretty Much Everything	Disney XD
original network	Justice League Unlimited (JLU) is an American animated television series that was produced by Warner Bros. Animation and aired on Cartoon Network.	Justice League Unlimited	Cartoon Network
original network	Top of the Pops 2 (also known as TOTP2) is a British television music show broadcast on BBC Two, showing archive footage from the long-running Top of the Pops show, some dating back to the 1960s when the programme first aired on British television.	Top of the Pops 2	BBC Two
original network	The Rockford Files is an American television drama series starring James Garner that aired on the NBC network between 1974 to 1980 and has remained in syndication to the present day.	The Rockford Files	NBC
original network	TV Nation is a satirical newsmagazine television series written, directed and hosted by Michael Moore that was co-funded and originally broadcast by NBC in the United States and BBC2 in the United Kingdom.	TV Nation	NBC
original network	Office Monkey was a British Hidden Camera Comedy programme that aired on ITV2 for 2 series.	Office Monkey	ITV2
original network	Yasmin's Getting Married was a short-lived Australian reality television program that aired live on Network Ten in early August 2006.	Yasmin's Getting Married	Network Ten
original network	America Undercover is a series of documentaries that airs on the cable television network HBO.	America Undercover	HBO
original network	Not Necessarily the News is a satirical sketch comedy series that first aired on HBO in September 1982 as a comedy special, and then ran as a series from 1983 to 1990.	Not Necessarily the News	HBO
original network	Raising the Roofs is a 2006 reality television show on Spike TV, following the life of aspiring actor Michael Roof, and the misadventures of his self described Florida cracker dad and uncle, in Hollywood, California.	Raising the Roofs	Spike
original network	Atlanta Exes is an American reality documentary television series on VH1 that premiered on August 18, 2014.	Atlanta Exes	VH1
original network	The Cool Stuff Collective is a British children's television programme, which was produced for three series that aired on the ITV Network and CITV respectively from 13 September 2010 to 24 December 2011.	The Cool Stuff Collective	ITV
original network	Canal de las Estrellas aired the series from February 28 to August 26, 2011, Univision aired 2 hours of Ni contigo ni sin ti from October 18 to October 28, 2011, and then it aired in 1 hour from October 31, 2011 to April 6, 2012 at 2pm/1c.	Ni contigo ni sin ti	Canal de las Estrellas
original network	P.S. I Luv U is an American crime drama series that aired on CBS as a part of its 1991-92 schedule.	P.S. I Luv U	CBS
original network	Dead Boss is a British sitcom shown on BBC Three.	Dead Boss	BBC Three
original network	Penthouse Party is a TV variety series which aired on American Broadcasting Company in 1950 and 1951.	Penthouse Party	American Broadcasting Company
original network	Mr. Dressup was developed and produced by Daniel McCarthy, who later became the head of children's programming for CBC Television.	Mr. Dressup	CBC Television
original network	Knightmare is a British television programme for children and was broadcast on CITV from 7 September 1987 to 11 November 1994.	Knightmare	CITV
original network	The Big Surprise is a television quiz show broadcast in the United States by NBC from October 8, 1955, to June 9, 1956, and from September 18, 1956, to April 2, 1957.	The Big Surprise	NBC
original network	La ley del silencio is an American telenovela produced by Telemundo in 2003.	La ley del silencio	Telemundo
original network	AJ's Infinite Summer is an animated television pilot created by Toby Jones for Cartoon Network.	AJ's Infinite Summer	Cartoon Network
original network	Music From Chicago was a program broadcast on the DuMont Television Network from WGN-TV in Chicago on Sundays.	Music From Chicago	DuMont Television Network
original network	We Have Ways of Making You Laugh was a comedic television series produced by Humphrey Barclay and directed by Bill Turner for London Weekend Television.	We Have Ways of Making You Laugh	London Weekend Television
original network	Flor do Caribe (English: Caribbean Flower) is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast by Rede Globo originally ran from March 11 to September 19, 2013.	Flor do Caribe	Rede Globo
original network	Colonel Humphrey Flack is an American sitcom which ran Wednesdays at 9pm ET from October 7, 1953 to July 2, 1954 on the DuMont Television Network, then revived from 1958 to 1959 for first-run syndication.	Colonel Humphrey Flack	DuMont Television Network
parent taxon	Leptopilina is a genus of parasitoid wasp in the family Figitidae.	Leptopilina	Figitidae
parent taxon	Pseudomelatomidae is a family of predatory sea snails, marine gastropods included in the superfamily Conoidea (previously Conacea) and part of the Neogastropoda (Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Pseudomelatomidae	Neogastropoda
parent taxon	Dracoglossum was originally treated in Tectaria, but is not related and was therefore described in family Dryopteridaceae.	Dracoglossum	Dryopteridaceae
parent taxon	Weintrauboa is a spider genus of the small Pimoidae family.	Weintrauboa	Pimoidae
parent taxon	The Anchieta's ridged frog or plain grass frog (Ptychadena anchietae) is a species of frog in the Ptychadenidae family.	Anchieta's ridged frog	Ptychadena
parent taxon	The Punta de Vacas chinchilla rat (Abrocoma vaccarum), also known as the Mendozan chinchilla rat, is a species of chinchilla rats in the family Abrocomidae.	Punta de Vacas chinchilla rat	Abrocoma
parent taxon	Sapranthus is a genus of flowering woody plants in the family Annonaceae.	Sapranthus	Annonaceae
parent taxon	While other genera from the family Palaemonidae are known from the Aptian age in the lower Cretaceous period, Yongjiacaris represents the first member described from the Barremian age.	Yongjiacaris	Palaemonidae
parent taxon	Maurandella is an obsolete genus of flowering plants in the plantain family, Plantaginaceae.	Maurandella	Plantaginaceae
parent taxon	The Afep pigeon (Columba unicincta), also known as the African wood-pigeon or gray wood-pigeon,is a member of the family Columbidae which lives in Africa.	Afep pigeon	Columba
parent taxon	The Coosa rocksnail, scientific name †Leptoxis showalterii, also known as the ``ribbed rocksnail'', was a species of freshwater snails with an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Pleuroceridae.	Coosa rocksnail	Leptoxis
parent taxon	The Hildebrandt's francolin (Pternistis hildebrandti) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family.	Hildebrandt's francolin	Pternistis
parent taxon	Pacifichelys is an extinct genus of sea turtle from the Miocene of Peru and California.	Pacifichelys	sea turtle
parent taxon	Jaimehintonia is a genus of plants in the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Brodiaeoideae, first described in 1993.	Jaimehintonia	Asparagaceae	Brodiaeoideae
parent taxon	Callionymus grossi, Gross's stinkfish, is a species of dragonet found in the waters off of northwestern Australia.	Gross's stinkfish	Callionymus
parent taxon	Verticordiidae is a taxonomic family of very small saltwater clams, marine bivalve mollusks in the order Pholadomyoida.	Verticordiidae	Pholadomyoida
parent taxon	Wright's sportive lemur (Lepilemur wrightae), or the Kalambatritra sportive lemur, is a sportive lemur endemic to Madagascar.	Wright's sportive lemur	Lepilemur
parent taxon	Tricuspes is an extinct genus of cynodont that lived in what would be Europe during the Triassic from 203.6--199.6 mya, existing for approximately 4 million years.	Tricuspes	cynodont
parent taxon	Oenococcus is a genus of Gram-positive bacteria, placed within the family Leuconostocaceae.	Oenococcus	Leuconostocaceae
parent taxon	The Society parakeet (Cyanoramphus ulietanus), also known as the Society kakariki or brown-headed parakeet, is an extinct parakeet of the genus Cyanoramphus.	Society parakeet	Cyanoramphus
parent taxon	The New Guinea big-eared bat (Pharotis imogene) is a vesper bat endemic to Papua New Guinea.	New Guinea big-eared bat	Pharotis
parent taxon	The Gran Canaria giant rat (Canariomys tamarani) is an extinct species of rat endemic to the island of Gran Canaria (Canary Islands, Spain).	Gran Canaria giant rat	Canariomys
parent taxon	Kohekohe (Dysoxylum spectabile) is a medium-sized tree native to New Zealand.	Kohekohe	Dysoxylum
parent taxon	The Levant water frog (Pelophylax bedriagae), formerly belonging to the genus Rana, is a southern European species of frog.	Levant water frog	Pelophylax
parent taxon	The Pyrenean desman (Galemys pyrenaicus) is a small semiaquatic nocturnal mammal related to moles and shrews, and is one of only two surviving species of the tribe Desmanini.	Pyrenean desman	Galemys
parent taxon	Apium (including celery and the marshworts) is a genus of about 20 species of flowering plants in the family Apiaceae, with a subcosmopolitan distribution in Europe, Asia, Africa, South America and Australia.	Apium	Apiaceae
parent taxon	Stenanthium is a North American genus of flowering plants in the family Melanthiaceae, tribe Melanthieae.	Stenanthium	Melanthiaceae
parent taxon	Cephetola sublustris, the Greasy Epitola, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family.	Cephetola sublustris	Epitola
parent taxon	The Fort Maguire aulonocara (Aulonocara hansbaenschi) , also known as Aulonocara 'Fort Maguire' in the aquarium fish trade, is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family.	Fort Maguire aulonocara	Aulonocara
parent taxon	Platax is a genus of Indo-Pacific, reef-associated fish belonging to the family Ephippidae.	Platax	Ephippidae
parent taxon	Ariolimacidae is a family of air-breathing land slugs, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Arionoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Ariolimacidae	Arionoidea
parent taxon	The Mozambique girdled lizard or flame-bellied armadillo lizard (Smaug mossambicus) is a large, flattened, girdled lizard found in the Gorongosa Mountains in Mozambique and low elevations in the Chimanimani Mountains at the border of Zimbabwe and Mozambique.	Mozambique girdled lizard	Smaug
parent taxon	Cymaceras is a genus within the oppeliid subfamily Ochetoceratinae from the Kimmeridgian stage, around the middle of the Upper Jurassic.	Cymaceras	Ochetoceratinae
parent taxon	Pentachondra is a genus of prostrate shrubs in the family Ericaceae.	Pentachondra	Ericaceae
parent taxon	The Mongolian redfin (Chanodichthys mongolicus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Chanodichthys.	Mongolian redfin	Chanodichthys
parent taxon	The Cape hare (Lepus capensis), also called brown hare and desert hare is a hare native to Africa and Arabia extending into India.	Cape hare	Lepus
parent taxon	The Ankole mole-rat or Ankole African mole-rat (Tachyoryctes ankoliae) is a species of rodents in the family Spalacidae found in Angola and Uganda.	Ankole mole-rat	Tachyoryctes
parent taxon	The Hydromylidae are a taxonomic family of small sea slugs, marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the suborder Gymnosomata, the sea angels.	Hydromylidae	Gymnosomata
parent taxon	Cecidothyris is a genus of moths of the Thyrididae family from Africa.	Cecidothyris	Thyrididae
parent taxon	Zootermopsis is a genus of termites (Isoptera) in the family Termopsidae, a group known as the dampwood termites.	Zootermopsis	Termopsidae
parent taxon	Gryllacridinae is a cricket subfamily in the family Gryllacrididae.	Gryllacridinae	Gryllacrididae
parent taxon	Orchidinae is one of two subtribes of the tribe Orchideae in the orchid family (Orchidaceae) of flowering plants.	Orchidinae	Orchideae
parent taxon	The family Archaeopterygidae is the only family in the order Archaeopterygiformes, which was coined by Max Fürbringer in 1888 to contain Archaeopterygidae and genus Archaeopteryx.	Archaeopterygidae	Archaeopterygiformes
parent taxon	Cliftonoceras is a barrandeoceroid type tarphycerid from the Uranoceratidae characterized by a smooth gyroconic shell with a rounded dorsum and flattened venter, and by a subvental siphuncle composed of thin connecting rings and necks that are straight ventrally, recumbent dorsally.	Cliftonoceras	Uranoceratidae
parent taxon	Mango mealybug (Drosicha mangiferae), is a pest of mango crops in Asia.	Mango mealybug	Drosicha
parent taxon	The Banggai cuscus (Strigocuscus pelengensis) is a species of marsupial in the family Phalangeridae.	Banggai cuscus	Strigocuscus
parent taxon	The Snow Mountains grassland mosaic-tailed rat (Melomys frigicola), also known as the Snow Mountains grassland melomys, is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Snow Mountains grassland mosaic-tailed rat	Melomys
parent taxon	The Cook reed warbler or Cook Islands reed warbler (Acrocephalus kerearako) is a species of Old World warbler in the Acrocephalidae family.	Cook reed warbler	Acrocephalus
parent taxon	The Philippine crocodile (Crocodylus mindorensis), also known as the Mindoro crocodile, the Philippine freshwater crocodile or locally, bukarot, is one of two species of crocodile that are found in the Philippines, the other is the larger Indo-Pacific crocodile or saltwater crocodile (Crocodylus porosus).	Philippine crocodile	Crocodylus
parent taxon	The Osteoglossomorpha are a group of bony fish in the Teleostei.	Osteoglossomorpha	Teleostei
parent taxon	Amusium is a genus of saltwater clams, marine bivalve mollusks belonging to the family Pectinidae.	Amusium	Pectinidae
parent taxon	Vulcanophilus calathoides is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Vulcanophilus.	Vulcanophilus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Emathis is a genus of the spider family Salticidae (jumping spiders) with ten described species.	Emathis	Salticidae
parent taxon	Walter's duiker (Philantomba walteri) is a species of duiker found in Togo, Benin and Nigeria.	Walter's duiker	Philantomba
parent taxon	Platygryllus is a genus of the true cricket family Gryllidae.	Platygryllus	Gryllidae
parent taxon	The Daurian ground squirrel (Spermophilus dauricus) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Daurian ground squirrel	Spermophilus
parent taxon	Hexalectris (crested coralroot) is a genus of the family Orchidaceae, comprising 10 known species of fully myco-heterotrophic orchids.	Hexalectris	Orchidaceae
parent taxon	The Nile tilapia (Oreochromis niloticus) is a species of tilapia, a cichlid fish native to Africa from Egypt south to East and Central Africa, and as far west as Gambia.	Nile tilapia	Oreochromis
parent taxon	The Fernando Po swift (Apus sladeniae) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family.	Fernando Po swift	Apus
parent taxon	The Sunda robin (Myiomela diana) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae.	Sunda robin	Myiomela
parent taxon	Parvitragulus is an extinct genus belonging to the family Hypertragulidae, within the order Artiodactyla, endemic to North America during the Eocene, living 38--33.9 Ma, existing for approximately 4.1 million years.	Parvitragulus	Hypertragulidae
parent taxon	Albertonykus is a member of an unusual theropod group known as the Alvarezsauridae and is one of only a few alvarezsaurid fossils that has been found outside of South America and Asia.	Albertonykus	Alvarezsauridae
parent taxon	Spelaeovulcania canariensis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Spelaeovulcania.	Spelaeovulcania	Carabidae
parent taxon	Xylocopa darwini, the Galápagos carpenter bee, is the only native species of bee found in the Galápagos Islands, to which it is endemic.	Xylocopa darwini	carpenter bee
parent taxon	The Kirby's tiger (Parantica kirbyi) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily.	Kirby's tiger	Parantica
parent taxon	The Finsch's euphonia (Euphonia finschi) is a species of bird in the Fringillidae family.	Finsch's euphonia	Euphonia
parent taxon	Campnosperma is a genus of plant in the family Anacardiaceae.	Campnosperma	Anacardiaceae
parent taxon	Fumaria muralis, known as common ramping-fumitory or wall fumitory, is a many branched, annual herbaceous plant, native to Europe.	Fumaria muralis	fumitory
parent taxon	Ombrocharis is a genus of flowering plant in the Lamiaceae family, first described in 1936.	Ombrocharis	Lamiaceae
parent taxon	Archispirostreptus is a genus of giant African millipedes in family Spirostreptidae, containing 26 species:	Archispirostreptus	Spirostreptidae
parent taxon	The Cuban gambusia (Gambusia punctata) is a species of freshwater fish.	Cuban gambusia	Gambusia
parent taxon	Lophotis is a genus of bustard in the family Otididae.	Lophotis	bustard
parent taxon	Gadus is a genus of demersal fish in the family Gadidae, commonly known as cod, although there are additional cod species in other genera.	Gadus	cod
parent taxon	The Mascarene grass frog or Mascarene ridged frog (Ptychadena mascareniensis) is a species of frog in the Ptychadenidae family.	Mascarene grass frog	Ptychadena
parent taxon	Fenouilia is a genus of small freshwater snails with gills and an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Pomatiopsidae.	Fenouilia	Pomatiopsidae
parent taxon	The Bocage's sunbird (Nectarinia bocagii) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family.	Bocage's sunbird	Nectarinia
parent taxon	The Chinese hamster (Cricetulus griseus), is a species of hamster originating from the deserts of northern China and Mongolia.	Chinese hamster	Cricetulus
parent taxon	The Chocó vireo (Vireo masteri) is a species of bird in the Vireonidae family.	Chocó vireo	Vireo
parent taxon	Rainiera is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the daisy family, Asteraceae.	Rainiera	Asteraceae
parent taxon	Holocompsa is a genus of hairy sand cockroaches in the family Polyphagidae.	Holocompsa	Polyphagidae
parent taxon	Obigrella nigra is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.	Obigrella	Sclerosomatidae
parent taxon	The African pygmy squirrel (Myosciurus pumilio) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	African pygmy squirrel	Myosciurus
parent taxon	Anthaxioides aurorus is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Anthaxioides.	Anthaxioides	Buprestidae
parent taxon	The Crocodilefish (Cymbacephalus beauforti), also known as De Beaufort's flathead or Giant flathead, is a member of the order Scorpaeniformes, which also includes the scorpionfishes and stonefishes.	De Beaufort's flathead	Cymbacephalus
parent taxon	Caspian gull is a name applied to the gull taxon Larus cachinnans, a member of the herring gull/lesser black-backed gull complex.	Caspian gull	Larus
parent taxon	While Loxa is a genus of the tribe Pentatomini, its species are similar in many respects to those in the Chlorocorini, specifically the genera:	Loxa	Pentatomini
parent taxon	Dendrocnide is a genus of 37 species of shrubs to large trees in the nettle family Urticaceae.	Dendrocnide	Urticaceae
parent taxon	Hyriidae is a taxonomic family of pearly freshwater mussels, aquatic bivalve mollusks in the order Unionoida.	Hyriidae	Unionoida
parent taxon	Phymatopus lack spurs on the tibiae and like other members of the Hepialidae family, also lack a proboscis or frenulum and have very short antennae.	Phymatopus	Hepialidae
parent taxon	The Ormyridae are a small family of parasitic wasps in the superfamily Chalcidoidea.	Ormyridae	Chalcidoidea
parent taxon	The Bolivian tyrannulet (Zimmerius bolivianus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Bolivian tyrannulet	Zimmerius
parent taxon	Elaphidionopsis fasciatipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Elaphidionopsis.	Elaphidionopsis	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Feostoma irregulare is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Feostoma.	Feostoma	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Caparaó grass mouse, Akodon mystax, is a rodent species from South America.	Caparaó grass mouse	Akodon
parent taxon	Thor's hero shrew (Scutisorex thori) is an extant species of shrew native to the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Thor's hero shrew	Scutisorex
parent taxon	The Pacific gopher snake (Pituophis catenifer catenifer) is a subspecies of large nonvenomous colubrid snake native to the western coast of the United States.	Pacific gopher snake	Pituophis catenifer
parent taxon	The Malayan snail-eating turtle (Malayemys macrocephala) is a species of turtle in Malayemys genus of the Geoemydidae family.	Malayan snail-eating turtle	Malayemys
parent taxon	The European leaf-toed gecko or the European leaf-toed gekko (Euleptes europaea) is a species of lizard in the Gekkonidae family.	European leaf-toed gecko	Euleptes
parent taxon	The Aspredinidae are a small South American family of catfishes (order Siluriformes) also known as the banjo catfishes, with about 39 species.	Aspredinidae	Siluriformes
parent taxon	The American herring gull or Smithsonian gull (Larus smithsonianus or Larus argentatus smithsonianus) is a large gull that breeds in North America, where it is treated by the American Ornithologists' Union as a subspecies of herring gull (L. argentatus).	American herring gull	Larus
parent taxon	The Horsfield's shrew (Crocidura horsfieldii) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Horsfield's shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Litaneutria is genus of praying mantises in the family Mantidae represented by species of ground mantis.	Litaneutria	Mantidae
parent taxon	The Ouachita dusky salamander (Desmognathus brimleyorum) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Ouachita dusky salamander	Desmognathus
parent taxon	The Argentine fat-tailed mouse opossum (Thylamys sponsorius) is a species of opossum in the family Didelphidae.	Argentine fat-tailed mouse opossum	Thylamys
parent taxon	In a 2008 phylogenetic analysis, Aiolosaurus was classified as a member of Varanidae.	Aiolosaurus	Varanidae
parent taxon	Ailuropoda is the only extant genus in the ursid (bear) subfamily Ailuropodinae.	Ailuropoda	bear
parent taxon	Cerautola semibrunnea, the Semibrown Epitola, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family.	Cerautola semibrunnea	Epitola
parent taxon	The Marquesan swiftlet (Aerodramus ocistus) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family.	Marquesan swiftlet	Aerodramus
parent taxon	Ctenophryne aterrima (common name: Costa Rica Nelson frog, reflecting its earlier placement in Nelsonophryne) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.	Ctenophryne aterrima	Nelsonophryne
parent taxon	Colsyrnola is a small genus of minute sea snails or marine gastropod mollusks within the subfamily Syrnolinae, which is a part of the family Pyramidellidae.	Colsyrnola	Pyramidellidae
parent taxon	Warnockia is a genus from the family Lamiaceae, first described in 1996.	Warnockia	Lamiaceae
parent taxon	The Cuban nightjar (Antrostomus cubanensis), is a species of nightjar in the Caprimulgidae family.	Cuban nightjar	Antrostomus
parent taxon	Cox's roundleaf bat (Hipposideros coxi) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae.	Cox's roundleaf bat	Hipposideros
parent taxon	The Baron's spinetail (Cranioleuca baroni) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.	Baron's spinetail	Cranioleuca
parent taxon	Lithodryas is a prehistoric genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.	Lithodryas	Lycaenidae
parent taxon	Candiru (English and Portuguese or candirú in Spanish), Vandellia cirrhosa, also known as cañero, toothpick fish, or vampire fish, is a species of parasitic freshwater catfish in the family Trichomycteridae native to the Amazon Basin where it is found in the countries of Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador and Peru.	Candiru	Vandellia
parent taxon	The relationships of Heterolepis to other genera in Asteraceae are not well understood.	Heterolepis	Asteraceae
parent taxon	Betula austrosinensis (Chinese: 华南桦; pinyin: hua nan hua) is a species of birch that is endemic to China where it is found on elevation of 700--1,900 metres (2,300--6,200 ft).	Betula austrosinensis	birch
parent taxon	Eothyris is an extinct genus of the family Eothyrididae.	Eothyris	Eothyrididae
parent taxon	The Andaman treepie (Dendrocitta bayleyi) is a species of bird in the family Corvidae.	Andaman treepie	Dendrocitta
parent taxon	Erythromelana is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.	Erythromelana	Tachinidae
parent taxon	The Tandy's sand frog (Tomopterna tandyi) is a species of frog in the Pyxicephalidae family.	Tandy's sand frog	Tomopterna
parent taxon	Atrax yorkmainorum is a species of Australian funnel-web spider found in forests in the vicinity of Canberra and southeastern New South Wales.	Atrax yorkmainorum	Australian funnel-web spider
parent taxon	Stegolepis is a group of plants in the family Rapateaceae described as a genus in 1872 .	Stegolepis	Rapateaceae
parent taxon	The Chloephorinae is a subfamily of the moth family Nolidae.	Chloephorinae	Nolidae
parent taxon	Liposcelididae (historically often referred to as ``Liposcelidae'') is a family of barklice (Psocoptera) belonging to the suborder Troctomorpha.	Liposcelididae	Psocoptera
parent taxon	Striped Raphael catfish (Platydoras armatulus) is a catfish of the family Doradidae.	Striped Raphael catfish	Platydoras
parent taxon	Lepteutypa is a genus of plant pathogens in the family Amphisphaeriaceae.	Lepteutypa	Amphisphaeriaceae
parent taxon	Xenitenopsis jacoti is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Xenitenopsis.	Xenitenopsis	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Ozark shiner (Notropis ozarcanus) is a species of freshwater cyprinid fish from Missouri and Arkansas, USA.	Ozark shiner	Notropis
parent taxon	The Lewin's honeyeater (Meliphaga lewinii) is a bird that inhabits the ranges along the east coast of Australia.	Lewin's honeyeater	Meliphaga
parent taxon	Neoibidion comatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Neoibidion.	Neoibidion	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Kindleoceras is an oncocerid genus belonging to the Valcouroceratidae, extinct nautiloid cephalopods that lived during the Middle and Late Ordovician.	Kindleoceras	Valcouroceratidae
parent taxon	The Sumatran striped rabbit (Nesolagus netscheri), also known as the Sumatra short-eared rabbit or Sumatran rabbit, is a rabbit found only in forests in the Barisan Mountains in western Sumatra, Indonesia and surrounding areas.	Sumatran striped rabbit	Nesolagus
parent taxon	Ancylastrum is a genus of air-breathing freshwater limpets, aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails and their allies.	Ancylastrum	Planorbidae
parent taxon	The Moupin pika (Ochotona thibetana) is a species of mammal in the pika family, Ochotonidae.	Moupin pika	Ochotona
parent taxon	Melanodytes pustulatus is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae, the only species in the genus Melanodytes.	Melanodytes	Dytiscidae
parent taxon	Ildobates neboti is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Ildobates.	Ildobates	Carabidae
parent taxon	Kossmaticeras is an extinct ammonoid genus belonging to the desmoceratacean family Kossmaticeratidae.	Kossmaticeras	Kossmaticeratidae
parent taxon	Ambrosi's cave salamander, the French cave salamander, or the Spezia cave salamander (Speleomantes ambrosii) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Ambrosi's cave salamander	Speleomantes
parent taxon	Ridley's leaf-nosed bat, Ridley's roundleaf bat, or Singapore roundleaf horseshoe bat (Hipposideros ridleyi) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae.	Ridley's leaf-nosed bat	Hipposideros
parent taxon	Trichilia is a flowering plant genus in the family Meliaceae.	Trichilia	Meliaceae
parent taxon	The Prolecanitaceae are also sometimes known as the suborder Prolecanitina.	Prolecanitaceae	Prolecanitina
parent taxon	Macaca jiangchuanensis is a prehistoric macaque from the early Holocene of China.	Macaca jiangchuanensis	macaque
parent taxon	The Main's frog (Cyclorana maini) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.	Main's frog	Cyclorana
parent taxon	Neohelice granulata is a species of crab in the family Varunidae, and the only species in the genus Neohelice.	Neohelice	Varunidae
parent taxon	Previously Ataxioceras was assigned to the Perisphinctidae but has now been placed in the Ataxioceratidae for which it is the type genus.	Ataxioceras	Ataxioceratidae
parent taxon	Diapheromerinae is a subfamily of the stick insect family Diapheromeridae.	Diapheromerinae	Diapheromeridae
parent taxon	Copholandrevus is a genus of cricket in the family Gryllidae.	Copholandrevus	Gryllidae
parent taxon	Mandela's nudibranch, Mandelia mirocornata, is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch.	Mandela's nudibranch	Mandelia
parent taxon	Fraxinus hubeiensis is a species of ash native to Hubei province in China.	Fraxinus hubeiensis	ash
parent taxon	The Salokko rat (Taeromys arcuatus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Salokko rat	Taeromys
parent taxon	Galtonia is a genus of plants in the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Scilloideae.	Galtonia	Asparagaceae
parent taxon	Dichostemma is a flowering plant genus in the Family Euphorbiaceae (Spurge family) first described as a genus in 1896.	Dichostemma	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	The European mole (Talpa europaea) is a mammal of the order Eulipotyphla.	European mole	Talpa
parent taxon	Prionus Geoffroy, 1762 is a genus of long-horned beetles of the subfamily Prioninae, tribe Prionini, widespread in Europe, Asia and North America.	Prionus	Prionini
parent taxon	Acidobacteria are a newly devised phylum of Bacteria, whose members are physiologically diverse and ubiquitous, especially in soils, but are under-represented in culture.	Acidobacteria	Bacteria
parent taxon	Enneapterygius vexillarius, known commonly as the Blacksaddle triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius.	Blacksaddle triplefin	Enneapterygius
parent taxon	Hamilton's barb (Barbus afrohamiltoni) , also known as the plump barb, is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.	Hamilton's barb	Barbus
parent taxon	Archeobuprestis is a fossil genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae, containing the following species:	Archeobuprestis	Buprestidae
parent taxon	The Drakensberg dwarf chameleon (Bradypodion dracomontanum) occurs in the Drakensberg, South Africa.	Drakensberg dwarf chameleon	Bradypodion
parent taxon	Axonya championi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Axonya.	Axonya	Carabidae
parent taxon	Dolichothrix is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family (Asteraceae).	Dolichothrix	Asteraceae
parent taxon	Vochysiaceae is a plant family belonging to the order of Myrtales.	Vochysiaceae	Myrtales
parent taxon	The family containing Moschorhinus is Akidnognathidae, large, carnivorous theraspids all sharing strong skulls and large upper canines.	Moschorhinus	Akidnognathidae
parent taxon	The Andean mouse (Andinomys edax) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Andean mouse	Andinomys
parent taxon	Phacops is a genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida, family Phacopidae, that lived in Europe, northwestern Africa, North America and China from the early until the very end of the Devonian.	Phacops	Phacopidae
parent taxon	Desmodema lorum Rosenblatt & J. L. Butler, 1977 (Whiptail ribbonfish) Desmodema polystictum (J. D. Ogilby, 1898) (Polka-dot ribbonfish)	Desmodema	ribbonfish
parent taxon	Strepsiduridae is a taxonomic family of predatory sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Muricoidea, but its position is doubtful.	Strepsiduridae	Muricoidea
parent taxon	The Turbellaria are one of the traditional sub-divisions of the phylum Platyhelminthes (flatworms), and include all the sub-groups that are not exclusively parasitic.	Turbellaria	Platyhelminthes
parent taxon	The Nymphalinae are a subfamily of brush-footed butterflies (family Nymphalidae).	Nymphalinae	Nymphalidae
parent taxon	Cepora is a genus of butterflies, commonly called gulls, in the Pieridae family.	Cepora	Pieridae
parent taxon	Protopterus is the sole genus in the family Protopteridae.	Protopterus	Protopteridae
parent taxon	Alcidodes is a genus of weevils in the family Curculionidae.	Alcidodes	Curculionidae
parent taxon	Venaticosuchus is a member of Ornithosuchidae, a family of facultatively bipedal carnivores that were geographically widespread during the Late Triassic.	Venaticosuchus	Ornithosuchidae
parent taxon	Joffre's pipistrelle (Hypsugo joffrei) is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae.	Joffre's pipistrelle	Hypsugo
parent taxon	Gobius geniporus, the Slender goby, is a species of goby endemic to the Mediterranean Sea where it can be found in inshore waters to a depth of about 30 metres (98 ft).	Slender goby	Gobius
parent taxon	The Cayenne stubfoot toad (Atelopus flavescens), known in French as atélope jaunâtre, is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae found in northeastern French Guiana and in the adjacent Brazilian state Amapá.	Cayenne stubfoot toad	Atelopus
parent taxon	The Alaska blackfish, Dallia pectoralis, is a fish that grows to 7 in (180 mm) in length.	Alaska blackfish	Dallia
parent taxon	Brants's whistling rat (Parotomys brantsii) is one of two species of Murid rodent in the genus Parotomys.	Brants's whistling rat	Parotomys
parent taxon	The Caribbean roughshark (Oxynotus caribbaeus) is a rough shark of the family Oxynotidae, found on the upper continental slopes of the Caribbean Sea, at depths between 400 and 450 m (1,310 and 1,480 ft).	Caribbean roughshark	Oxynotus
parent taxon	Altenglanerpeton belongs to a similar group called Recumbirostra, which is a clade.	Altenglanerpeton	Recumbirostra
parent taxon	The Mount Glorious day frog (Taudactylus diurnus), also known as Mount Glorious torrent frog and southern day frog, is an extinct species of frog native to south-east Queensland.	Mount Glorious day frog	Taudactylus
parent taxon	Micropsalliota is a genus of small agaric fungi in the family Agaricaceae.	Micropsalliota	Agaricaceae
parent taxon	Pegomya is a genus of flies within the family Anthomyiidae.	Pegomya	Anthomyiidae
parent taxon	Oligonicella is a wide-ranging genus of mantises in the family Thespidae.	Oligonicella	Thespidae
parent taxon	The Caspian cobra (Naja oxiana), also called the Central Asian cobra, Oxus cobra or Russian cobra, a member of the family Elapidae found in Central Asia.	Caspian cobra	Naja
parent taxon	Raphidiidae is a family of snakeflies in the order Raphidioptera.	Raphidiidae	Raphidioptera
parent taxon	Cosgriffius is an extinct genus of trematosaurian temnospondyl within the family Trematosauridae of the Moenkopi Formation.	Cosgriffius	Trematosauridae
parent taxon	Rivina is a genus of flowering plants in the pokeweed family, Phytolaccaceae.	Rivina	Phytolaccaceae
parent taxon	The Indian pike conger (Congresox talabonoides, also known as the common eel, the conger-pike eel, the daggertooth pike-conger, and the Indian putyekanipa) is an eel in the family Muraenesocidae (pike congers).	Indian pike conger	Congresox
parent taxon	Eulamprus, the water skinks, are a genus of skinks in the subfamily Lygosominae.	Eulamprus	Lygosominae
parent taxon	Rhabdodendron is placed in its own family, Rhabdodendraceae, which has only been recognized for the past few decades.	Rhabdodendron	Rhabdodendraceae
parent taxon	Parakneria is a genus of fish in the family Kneriidae, with 14 species, all of which are restricted to Africa.	Parakneria	Kneriidae
parent taxon	The Western patch-nosed snake, Salvadora hexalepis, is a species of nonvenomous colubrid snake, which is endemic to the southwestern United States and northern Mexico.	Western patch-nosed snake	Salvadora
parent taxon	The Northern banjo frog (Limnodynastes terraereginae) is a species of ground-dwelling burrowing frog native to eastern Queensland and northeastern New South Wales, Australia.	Northern banjo frog	Limnodynastes
parent taxon	The Junín grass mouse (Akodon juninensis) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Junín grass mouse	Akodon
parent taxon	The Sardinian tree frog or Tyrrhenian tree frog (Hyla sarda) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family, found in Corsica, Sardinia, and the Tuscan Archipelago.	Sardinian tree frog	Hyla
parent taxon	The Tian Shan wapiti or Tian Shan maral (Cervus canadensis songaricus), often called the Tian Shan elk by North Americans, is a subspecies of Cervus canadensis, found in the Tian Shan Mountains in eastern Kyrgyzstan, southeastern Kazakhstan, and North Central Xinjiang, China.	Tian Shan wapiti	elk
parent taxon	The Longdong stream salamander (Batrachuperus londongensis) is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family endemic to China.	Longdong stream salamander	Batrachuperus
parent taxon	The Madagascan grebe (Tachybaptus pelzelnii) is a grebe found only in western and central Madagascar.	Madagascan grebe	Tachybaptus
parent taxon	Alnus formosana, or Formosan Alder, is a species of alder native to Taiwan.	Alnus formosana	alder
parent taxon	Eumorsea is a genus of grasshoppers in the family Eumastacidae, the monkey grasshoppers.	Eumorsea	Eumastacidae
parent taxon	The Malaysian earthtiger tarantula (Cyriopagopus schioedtei) is a large and colourful arboreal tarantula from the subfamily Ornithoctoninae.	Malaysian earthtiger tarantula	Cyriopagopus
parent taxon	Odontomasoreus humeralis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Odontomasoreus.	Odontomasoreus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Aecidium is a genus of rust fungi in the Pucciniales order.	Aecidium	Pucciniales
participant of	Doriva played for the Brazil national football team between 1995 and 1998, making a brief substitute appearance in the 1998 FIFA World Cup in which Brazil finished as runners-up.	Doriva	1998 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Václav Roubík (born 16 August 1919) is a former Czech rower who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Václav Roubík	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Cronier was a sailor from the France, who represented his native country at the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris, France.	Cronier	1900 Summer Olympics
participant of	József Pércsi (19 March 1942 in Földes -- June 2011) was a Hungarian wrestler who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	József Pércsi	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Utkirbek Haydarov (Уткирбек Хайдаров; born January 25, 1974 in Andijon) is an Uzbekistani boxer who competed in the light heavyweight (81 kg) at the 2004 Summer Olympics and won the bronze medal.	Utkirbek Haydarov	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Olavi Rinteenpää (born 24 September 1924) is a Finnish former steeplechase runner who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.	Olavi Rinteenpää	1952 Summer Olympics	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bonaparti.lv is a sextet consisting of Latvian tenors, that participated in Eurovision Song Contest 2007 with their song ``Questa Notte''.	Bonaparti.lv	Eurovision Song Contest 2007
participant of	Isabella Minna Veronica Wagner, better known as Veronica (born July 7, 1987 in Stockholm, Sweden), is a gymnast who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics as a member of the Swedish Olympic team.	Veronica Wagner	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Yoko Isoda (born 26 August 1978) is a Japanese synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Yoko Isoda	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ewa Grabowska-Gaczorek (born 8 September 1962 in Nowy Targ) is a Polish former alpine skier who competed in the 1984 Winter Olympics.	Ewa Grabowska	1984 Winter Olympics
participant of	William Frank Southall (2 July 1904 -- 1 March 1964) was an English racing cyclist who won silver medals for Great Britain in the individual road race (run as an individual time trial) at the 1928 Summer Olympics and a track cycling medal at the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.	Frank Southall	1928 Summer Olympics	1932 Summer Olympics
participant of	René Texier (28 October 1882 -- 10 October 1967) was a French sports shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics, in the 1920 Summer Olympics, and in the 1924 Summer Olympics.	René Texier	1912 Summer Olympics	1920 Summer Olympics	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marq Mellor (born March 5, 1968 in Long Island, New York) is a former field hockey forward from the United States, who finished twelfth with the national team at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Marq Mellor	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Thomas Coe was a British water polo player who won a gold medal in the 1900 Summer Olympics.	Thomas Coe	1900 Summer Olympics
participant of	Athanasia Tsoumeleka (Greek: Αθανασία Τσουμελέκα, (aθanaˈsia tsumeˈleka), born January 2, 1982) is a Greek race walker, who won a gold medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.	Athanasia Tsoumeleka	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Aarzemnieki (from the Latvian word ``ārzemnieki'', meaning ``foreigners'') are a Latvian band that represented Latvia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Copenhagen, Denmark, with their song ``Cake to Bake''.	Aarzemnieki	Eurovision Song Contest 2014
participant of	Martin Urra (1931 -- 11 September 2002) was a Filipino basketball player who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.	Martin Urra	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	On 11 October 2006 DJ BoBo announced in a press conference that he had applied to represent Switzerland at the Eurovision Song Contest 2007.	DJ BoBo	Eurovision Song Contest 2007
participant of	Eric Niklas Henning (born 6 March 1964) is a Swedish former alpine skier who competed in the 1984 and 1988 Winter Olympics.	Niklas Henning	1988 Winter Olympics
participant of	Dimitar Zapryanov (Bulgarian: Димитър Запрянов) (born 27 January 1960) is a Bulgarian former judoka who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Dimitar Zapryanov	1980 Summer Olympics	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Shawn O'Sullivan (born May 9, 1962 in Toronto, Ontario) is a retired Canadian boxer who won gold at the World Amateur Championships in 1981 and the light middleweight silver medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Shawn O'Sullivan	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Javier Bosma started playing beach volleyball in 1994 and also competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics and the 2000 Summer Olympics, finishing 5th both times.	Javier Bosma	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Alexandru Nyisztor (born 27 June 1979) is a Romanian épée fencer, who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Alexandru Nyisztor	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Charalambos Cholidis (Greek: Χαράλαμπος Χολίδης, born 1 October 1956) is a Greek former wrestler who competed, in the 1976 Summer Olympics, in the 1980 Summer Olympics, in the 1984 Summer Olympics, and in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Charalambos Cholidis	1976 Summer Olympics	1980 Summer Olympics	1984 Summer Olympics	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ramón Abeledo (born 29 April 1937) is an Argentine football midfielder who played for Argentina in the 1962 FIFA World Cup.	Ramón Abeledo	1962 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Ignatius Gronkowski (March 28, 1897 -- September 1981) was an American professional cyclist, who represented the United States at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris.	Ignatius Gronkowski	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ernst Kyburz (14 August 1898 -- 16 October 1983) was a Swiss freestyle wrestler who won gold medals at the 1928 Summer Olympics and 1931 European Championships in the middleweight category.	Ernst Kyburz	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Branko Skroče (born 17 May 1955 in Zadar) is a Croatian former basketball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Branko Skroče	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jennifer Pinches (born 25 May 1994) is a British artistic gymnast who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Jennifer Pinches	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mamoru Morimoto (Japanese: 森本 葵, born 11 July 1939) is a Japanese former middle distance runner who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Mamoru Morimoto	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Adriana Samuel Ramos (born April 12, 1966 in Resende, Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian volleyball player, who won the silver medal in the inaugural women's beach volleyball tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics, partnering Mônica Rodrigues.	Adriana Samuel	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ubaldesco Baldi (13 July 1944 -- 13 June 1991) was an Italian sport shooter who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics, winning a bronze medal in the Mixed Trap event.	Ubaldesco Baldi	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Emily Halliday (born 5 April 1979) is an Australian field hockey player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Emily Halliday	2004 Summer Olympics	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Silke Müller (born November 11, 1978) is a field hockey midfielder from Germany, who won the gold medal with the German National Women's Team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Silke Müller	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jon Lilygreen (born 4 August 1987) is a Welsh singer, who along with the band The Islanders represented Cyprus in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 in Oslo, Norway, with the song ``Life Looks Better in Spring'' and they took the 21st place out of 39 entrants.	Jon Lilygreen	Eurovision Song Contest 2010
participant of	Jon Holst-Christensen competed in badminton at the 1992 Summer Olympics in men's doubles with Thomas Lund.	Jon Holst-Christensen	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gábor Boczkó (born 1 April 1977) is a Hungarian fencer, who won a silver medal in the team Épée competition at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens together with Krisztián Kulcsár, Géza Imre and Iván Kovács.	Gábor Boczkó	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Andrzej Piątkowski (22 October 1934 -- 11 June 2010) was a Polish sabreur who won three medals at the 1956, 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics.	Andrzej Piątkowski	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hena Akhter (Bengali: হেনা আক্তার) is a Bangladeshi national women Kabaddi player who was part of the team that won the bronze medal at the 2010 Asian Games.	Hena Akhter	2010 Asian Games
participant of	William Meyers (23 July 1943 -- 7 May 2014) was a South African boxer who won a bronze medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome fighting as a featherweight.	William Meyers	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Elen Shakirova (née Bunatyants, born 2 June 1970 in Mary, Turkmen SSR) is a Russian former basketball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics, in the 1996 Summer Olympics, and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Elen Shakirova	1992 Summer Olympics	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Andreas Stadler (July 31, 1896 -- February 14, 1941) was an Austrian weightlifter who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics and in the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Andreas Stadler	1924 Summer Olympics	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ranza Clark (born December 13, 1961 in Calgary, Alberta) is a retired middle distance runner from Canada, who won the gold medal in the women's 1.500 metres at the 1983 Pan American Games.	Ranza Clark	1983 Pan American Games
participant of	Attila Vári (born February 26, 1976 in Budapest), nicknamed Doki, is a Hungarian water polo player, who played on the gold medal squads at the 2000 Summer Olympics and 2004 Summer Olympics.	Attila Vári	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Li Yaguang (born 8 June 1958) is a Chinese former basketball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Li Yaguang	1984 Summer Olympics	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Genaro Sermeño, (born 28 November 1948) is a former footballer from El Salvador who represented his country at the 1970 FIFA World Cup in Mexico.	Genaro Sermeño	1970 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Ferenc Tégla (born 15 July 1947 in Szegvár) is a Hungarian former discus thrower who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics, in the 1972 Summer Olympics, and in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Ferenc Tégla	1968 Summer Olympics	1972 Summer Olympics	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Werner Obschernikat (born 9 July 1955 in Duisburg) is a German former water polo player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics, in the 1984 Summer Olympics, and in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Werner Obschernikat	1976 Summer Olympics	1984 Summer Olympics	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Massimo Nistri (born 10 October 1955) is an Italian former swimmer who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Massimo Nistri	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Károly Szittya (June 18, 1918 -- August 9, 1983) was a Hungarian swimmer and water polo player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Károly Szittya	1948 Summer Olympics	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bernhard Knauß (born 25 June 1965 in Schladming) is an Austrian and later Slovenian former alpine skier who competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics.	Bernhard Knauß	1998 Winter Olympics
participant of	Pierre Coppieters (born 24 June 1907, date of death unknown) was a Belgian swimmer and water polo player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Pierre Coppieters	1928 Summer Olympics	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Igor Hinić (born 4 December 1975 in Rijeka) is a water polo player from Croatia, who was a member of the national team that won the silver medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia and a member of the Croatian team that won gold in the water polo at the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Igor Hinić	1996 Summer Olympics	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Eva Boto (born December 1, 1995) is a singer who represented Slovenia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 in Baku, Azerbaijan with Verjamem.	Eva Boto	Eurovision Song Contest 2012
participant of	Ferenc Török received an individual gold medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, and a bronze medal with the Hungarian team.	Ferenc Török	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bahri Tanrıkulu (born March 16, 1980 in Ankara, Turkey) is a Turkish taekwondo practitioner, who competed in the Men's 80 kg division at the 2004 Summer Olympics held in Athens, Greece and won the silver medal.	Bahri Tanrıkulu	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jacqueline Delord (born 29 January 1970) is a French former swimmer who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics, in the 1992 Summer Olympics, and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Jacqueline Delord	1988 Summer Olympics	1992 Summer Olympics	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Catriona Sens (née Oliver) (born 2 April 1980 in Sale, Victoria) was a member of the Australia's 2004 Summer Olympics women's eight rowing crew with Sally Robbins.	Catriona Sens	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zhang Yufeng (simplified Chinese: 张玉峰; traditional Chinese: 張玉峰; pinyin: Zhāng Yùfēng; born 9 February 1977 in Shanghai, China) is a Chinese baseball player who was a member of Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Zhang Yufeng	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ali Asghar Bazri (Persian: علی اصغر بذری‎, born September 11, 1980 in Behshahr, Iran) is an Iranian wrestler who competed in the 2006 Asian Games in the 74 kg division and won the gold medal.	Ali Asghar Bazri	2006 Asian Games
participant of	Léon Scieur (pronounced: (le.ɔ̃ sjœʁ); 19 March 1888 -- 7 October 1969) was a Belgian cyclist who won the 1921 Tour de France, along with stages 3 and 10.	Léon Scieur	Tour de France
participant of	Gaëtan Llorach (born 16 January 1974 in Saint-Martin-d'Hères, Isère, France) is a former French alpine skier who competed in the 2002 Winter Olympics.	Gaëtan Llorach	2002 Winter Olympics
participant of	Xu Demei (徐徳妹, born May 23, 1967 in Zhejiang) is a former track and field athlete from PR China, who competed for her native country in the women's javelin throw event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.	Xu Demei	1992 Summer Olympics
performer	For Those Who Wait is the fourth full-length studio album released by Christian rock band Fireflight.	For Those Who Wait	Fireflight
performer	``What Took You So Long?'' is a song by British recording artist Emma Bunton from her debut solo album, A Girl Like Me (2001).	What Took You So Long?	Emma Bunton
performer	Belladonna & Aconite is the first album from British goth rock band Inkubus Sukkubus.	Belladonna & Aconite	Inkubus Sukkubus
performer	``Meet Me on the Equinox'' is a song by indie rock band Death Cab for Cutie, and was released as the first single from the soundtrack to the 2009 film The Twilight Saga:	Meet Me on the Equinox	Death Cab for Cutie
performer	My Dear Old Southern Home is the title of a recording by American folk music artist Doc Watson, released in 1991.	My Dear Old Southern Home	Doc Watson
performer	They Were Wrong, So We Drowned is the second album released by noise rock band Liars, released in 2004.	They Were Wrong, So We Drowned	Liars
performer	A Album is the debut album of the Japanese group KinKi Kids.	A Album	KinKi Kids
performer	If It Was You is the third studio album by Canadian indie rock duo Tegan and Sara, released on August 20, 2002.	If It Was You	Tegan and Sara
performer	``Sssnakepit'' is a single by English rock band Enter Shikari, the first from their third studio album ``A Flash Flood of Colour''.	Sssnakepit	Enter Shikari
performer	If Songs Could Be Held is the third album by American singer-songwriter Rosie Thomas, released in 2005.	If Songs Could Be Held	Rosie Thomas
performer	I Do Perceive is the third album by the Chicago artist Mike Kinsella under the name Owen.	I Do Perceive	Owen
performer	The Great American Bubble Factory is the twelfth album from Southern rock group Drivin N Cryin.	The Great American Bubble Factory	Drivin N Cryin
performer	``Gotta Love'' is the debut single by American R&B group Jodeci.	Gotta Love	Jodeci
performer	``Can You Feel the Beat'' is a song recorded by Lisa Lisa and Cult Jam and Full Force from their 1985 album Lisa Lisa & Cult Jam with Full Force.	Can You Feel the Beat	Lisa Lisa and Cult Jam	Lisa Lisa & Cult Jam
performer	Holla! is the eleventh studio album from reggae/hip-hop group Baha Men.	Holla!	Baha Men
performer	``How Far'' is a song recorded by American country music artist Martina McBride.	How Far	Martina McBride
performer	``Wrong Baby Wrong Baby Wrong'', or its shortened name when released as a single, ``Wrong Baby Wrong'', is a song recorded by American country artist Martina McBride.	Wrong Baby Wrong Baby Wrong	Martina McBride
performer	Get Hot is the second full-length release by San Francisco progressive, indie rock band Facing New York.	Get Hot	Facing New York
performer	Sing the Word Hope in Four-Part Harmony is the second full-length album by the UK instrumental rock band Maybeshewill, released in June 2009.	Sing the Word Hope in Four-Part Harmony	Maybeshewill
performer	Waking The Nightmares is the debut album by the Venezuelan alternative rock band The Asbestos.	Waking The Nightmares	The Asbestos
performer	Man with a Memory is the second studio album by American country music artist Joe Nichols, released in 2002 on the Universal South Records label.	Man with a Memory	Joe Nichols
performer	¡Tré! is the eleventh studio album by the American punk rock band Green Day.	¡Tré!	Green Day
performer	The M.G.M. Album is a 1989 album by American vocalist Michael Feinstein of songs from Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films.	The M.G.M. Album	Michael Feinstein
performer	Pieces in a Modern Style 2 is the 11th album by British electronic musician and record producer, William Orbit.	Pieces in a Modern Style 2	William Orbit
performer	``Skyline Pigeon'' is a ballad by Elton John with lyrics by Bernie Taupin.	Skyline Pigeon	Elton John
performer	Stondom do Tokija (Stoned to Tokyo) is a demo album by the Serbian alternative rock band Goribor, released by the Croatian independent record label Slušaj Najglasnije! in 2006.	Stondom do Tokija	Goribor
performer	Kuolleen kukan nimi (The Dead Flower's Name) is the fifth studio album by the Finnish heavy metal band Kotiteollisuus.	Kuolleen kukan nimi	Kotiteollisuus
performer	Flower in the Wonderland (Chinese: 夢裡花; literally: ``flowers in dream'') is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Angela Chang's fourth Mandarin studio album.	Flower in the Wonderland	Angela Chang
performer	Among the Living is the third studio album by American thrash metal band, Anthrax.	Among the Living	Anthrax
performer	``It's on You'' is a 1990 song recorded by German Eurodance act MC Sar & the Real McCoy.	It's on You	Real McCoy
performer	``Lip Up Fatty'' is a single released by the ska band Bad Manners in June 1980, which reached No. 15 in the UK Singles Chart.	Lip Up Fatty	Bad Manners
performer	``I Just Wanna Party'' is the second single of American rapper Yelawolf's album Trunk Muzik 0-60.	I Just Wanna Party	Yelawolf
performer	If You Ever See an Owl... is the first album by The Terrible Twos, a children's music alter-ego of The New Amsterdams.	If You Ever See an Owl...	The Terrible Twos
performer	Love and Terror is the second and final album from the Scottish Indie band The Cinematics.	Love and Terror	The Cinematics
performer	Dronework is an EP by Bass Communion, one of Steven Wilson's side projects.	Dronework	Bass Communion
performer	``LA Today'' is a song by the producer/DJ Alex Gold of Xtravaganza Records and singer/composer Philip Oakey.	LA Today	Philip Oakey
performer	Different Kind of Fire is the second studio album by Canadian country music group Prairie Oyster.	Different Kind of Fire	Prairie Oyster
performer	``Brendan's Death Song'' is a song by the Red Hot Chili Peppers from their 2011 album I'm with You and was released as the album's fifth and final single on June 11, 2012 through digital download.	Brendan's Death Song	Red Hot Chili Peppers
performer	Saw Delight is the ninth Can studio album, and features two new band members who were ex-members of the band Traffic, with Can's bassist Holger Czukay giving up the bass in favour of experimental effects.	Saw Delight	Can
performer	Violent Acts of Beauty is the long-awaited fourth studio album by American band London After Midnight, released in Europe on October 26, 2007, and subsequently in the United States on November 6, 2007; a Russia release through Iron D Records was released in December 2007.	Violent Acts of Beauty	London After Midnight
performer	Katherine Chancellor is a fictional character from the CBS Daytime soap opera, The Young and the Restless, portrayed by Jeanne Cooper.	Katherine Chancellor	Jeanne Cooper
performer	Work Time is an album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins, recorded for the Prestige label, featuring performances by Rollins with Ray Bryant, George Morrow and Max Roach.	Work Time	Sonny Rollins
performer	Soul Gravy is the sixth studio album by the American alternative country band Cross Canadian Ragweed, released in 2004 on Universal South Records.	Soul Gravy	Cross Canadian Ragweed
performer	``Say Aha'' is the fourth single by American artist Santigold, taken from her previously self-titled debut Santogold.	Say Aha	Santigold
performer	The Other Parade is the fourth studio album of the actor Viggo Mortensen, released in 1999.	The Other Parade	Viggo Mortensen
performer	``Best Love Song'' is a R&B-pop song performed by R&B artist T-Pain.	Best Love Song	T-Pain
performer	Phantom Navigator is the seventeenth album by jazz saxophonist Wayne Shorter, that was released on Columbia in 1986.	Phantom Navigator	Wayne Shorter
performer	Lovers, Fighters, Sinners, Saints is Odd Project's second album, released on April 24, 2007.	Lovers, Fighters, Sinners, Saints	Odd Project
performer	Pick 'n' Mix is the second and final album by English singer Lolly.	Pick 'n' Mix	Lolly
performer	Ella Abraça Jobim or Ella Fitzgerald Sings the Antonio Carlos Jobim Songbook is a 1981 studio album by Ella Fitzgerald, devoted to the songs of Antônio Carlos Jobim.	Ella Abraça Jobim	Ella Fitzgerald
performer	``I Don't Go Shopping'' is a song written by Peter Allen and David Lasley and was recorded and released by singer Patti LaBelle in 1980 on the Epic label.	I Don't Go Shopping	Patti LaBelle
performer	``Fade into You'' is a song by rock group Mazzy Star from their album So Tonight That I Might See.	Fade into You	Mazzy Star
performer	``Bitch's Brew'' is a song from hard rock band Aerosmith's seventh studio album, Rock in a Hard Place.	Bitch's Brew	Aerosmith
performer	Under stjärnornas parasoll is an album from Swedish pop singer Cecilia Vennersten, released on 25 October 2006.	Under stjärnornas parasoll	Cecilia Vennersten
performer	``Out with the Boys'' is a song by glam metal band White Lion from their fourth studio album Mane Attraction, which charted at number 61 on The Billboard 200.	Out with the Boys	White Lion
performer	``For Your Life'' is a song by the English rock band Led Zeppelin, from their 1976 album Presence.	For Your Life	Led Zeppelin
performer	The Geometrid is the second album from the Scottish group Looper.	The Geometrid	Looper
performer	The Pick, the Sickle and the Shovel is the second studio album by horrorcore supergroup Gravediggaz.	The Pick, the Sickle and the Shovel	Gravediggaz
performer	Crime Buddies is the third album performed by rap group Steady Mobb'n.	Crime Buddies	Steady Mobb'n
performer	Ať se dobré děje (Whatever happens, Come the Good) is the fifth studio album by Slovak vocalist Szidi Tobias released on Studio DVA in 2011.	Ať se dobré děje	Szidi Tobias
performer	Death to Capitalist Hardcore is an EP by English grindcore band Sore Throat.	Death to Capitalist Hardcore	Sore Throat
performer	``Hungry for Heaven'' was the seventh single released by heavy metal band Dio and the second single from their 1985 LP, Sacred Heart.	Hungry for Heaven	Dio
performer	Äppelknyckarjazz is the first studio album by Swedish Hip Hop Swing band Movits!.	Äppelknyckarjazz	Movits
performer	In Square Circle is a 1985 studio album released by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder (his twentieth overall).	In Square Circle	Stevie Wonder
performer	Nature Unveiled is an album by the English group Current 93.	Nature Unveiled	Current 93
performer	``När det blåser på månen'' is a single CD by the Swedish band Kent.	När det blåser på månen	Kent
performer	Natural Illusions is an album by American jazz vibraphonist Bobby Hutcherson recorded in 1972 and released on the Blue Note label.	Natural Illusions	Bobby Hutcherson
performer	Blue Guitars is the twenty-first studio album by English singer-songwriter Chris Rea, released on October 14, 2005, by his independent record label Jazzee Blue.	Blue Guitars	Chris Rea
performer	Forever with You is the tenth and final studio album by American soul singer-songwriter Phyllis Hyman.	Forever with You	Phyllis Hyman
performer	``Jump That Rock (Whatever You Want)'' is the first single from the repackaged Jumping All Over The World - Whatever You Want, and is the fifth overall single by Scooter from their thirteenth studio album Jumping All Over The World.	Jump That Rock (Whatever You Want)	Scooter
performer	``Don't Be Sad'' is a song by alt-country band Whiskeytown, from their album Pneumonia.	Don't Be Sad	Whiskeytown
performer	``Go That Far'' is a song written by Bret Michaels, and was recorded by Michaels as the first single for his compilation album, Rock My World released in 2008.	Go That Far	Bret Michaels
performer	Brief Episodes of Joy is the sixteenth album from Arthur Loves Plastic and was released in 2008.	Brief Episodes of Joy	Arthur Loves Plastic
performer	Words That Go Unspoken, Deeds That Go Undone is the fourth studio album by English blackened death metal band Akercocke.	Words That Go Unspoken, Deeds That Go Undone	Akercocke
performer	Signos (Spanish for Signs) is the third studio album recorded by Argentine rock band Soda Stereo, and released in 1986.	Signos	Soda Stereo
performer	``This Day We Fight!'' is a song by the American heavy metal band Megadeth, which appears on their twelfth studio album Endgame, which was released on September 15, 2009, written by frontman Dave Mustaine.	This Day We Fight!	Megadeth
performer	``Don't Stand Another Chance'' is a song by American recording artist Janet Jackson, included on her second studio album, Dream Street (1984).	Don't Stand Another Chance	Janet Jackson
performer	For the Beauty of Wynona is the second album by Canadian songwriter and record producer Daniel Lanois.	For the Beauty of Wynona	Daniel Lanois
performer	``Church of the Poison Mind'' was a 1983 hit single for the British new wave band Culture Club.	Church of the Poison Mind	Culture Club
performer	Interstellar Discussion is the ninth album by Jandek, and his only release of 1984.	Interstellar Discussion	Jandek
performer	The Rumproller is an album by jazz trumpeter Lee Morgan released on the Blue Note label.	The Rumproller	Lee Morgan
performer	``Da Joint'' (sometimes spelt ``The Joint'') is the first single from EPMD's fifth album, Back in Business.	Da Joint	EPMD
performer	``Como Tu Mujer'' (``As Your Woman'') is a song written and produced by Mexican singer-songwriter Marco Antonio Solís and first recorded by Spanish performer Rocío Dúrcal.	Como Tu Mujer	Rocío Dúrcal
performer	Sex, Drugs and Self-Control is the sixth album by rapper John Reuben, released on December 22, 2009.	Sex, Drugs and Self-Control	John Reuben
performer	South American Cookin' is an album by jazz trombonist Curtis Fuller, released in 1961 on the Epic label.	South American Cookin'	Curtis Fuller
performer	Outrospective is the third album by Faithless, released on 18 June 2001 it was the follow-up to Sunday 8PM and the predecessor to No Roots.	Outrospective	Faithless
performer	``Walk Away (Remember Me)'' is the second single from Paula DeAnda.	Walk Away (Remember Me)	Paula DeAnda
performer	``Still on It'' was the first and only single from her remix album Collectables by Ashanti.	Still on It	Ashanti
performer	Global Flatline is the seventh studio album by Belgium-based death metal band Aborted.	Global Flatline	Aborted
performer	Fake Songs is an album created by Liam Lynch.	Fake Songs	Liam Lynch
performer	``Alles wird vorübergehen'' (Everything will go by) is a song by German band Die Toten Hosen.	Alles wird vorübergehen	Die Toten Hosen
performer	Songs from the Closet is a compilation album of early demo recordings by King's X bassist / vocalist Doug Pinnick.	Songs from the Closet	Doug Pinnick
performer	The Salvation Blues is a 2007 solo album by singer/songwriter Mark Olson.	The Salvation Blues	Mark Olson
performer	``Yet Another Movie'' is the sixth track, along with ``Round and Around'' on Pink Floyd's 1987 album, A Momentary Lapse of Reason.	Yet Another Movie	Pink Floyd
performer	Happy Ground is the second album by American jazz vibraphonist Johnny Lytle which was recorded in 1961 for the Jazzland label.	Happy Ground	Johnny Lytle
performer	Jewel of the South is the title of the ninth studio album released by American country music artist Rodney Crowell.	Jewel of the South	Rodney Crowell
performer	Rose Tyler is a fictional character portrayed by Billie Piper in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, and was created by series producer Russell T Davies.	Rose Tyler	Billie Piper
performer	Descended Like Vultures is an album by Oakland-based band, Rogue Wave.	Descended Like Vultures	Rogue Wave
performer	``Save Your Scissors'' is the first single from City and Colour's album Sometimes, released in 2005.	Save Your Scissors	City and Colour
performer	``You Shook Me All Night Long'' is an AC/DC song from the album, Back in Black.	You Shook Me All Night Long	AC/DC
performer	``Is This the World We Created...?'' is an extraordinarily delicate social and environmental protest song by the British rock band Queen, which was originally released on their eleventh studio album The Works in 1984.	Is This the World We Created...?	Queen
performer	Dark Deceiver is the fifth album by American Progressive metal band Zero Hour.	Dark Deceiver	Zero Hour
performer	``Come Get to This'' is a song written and recorded by American recording artist Marvin Gaye.	Come Get to This	Marvin Gaye
performer	Jazz Raga is an album by Hungarian guitarist Gábor Szabó featuring performances recorded in 1966 for the Impulse! label.	Jazz Raga	Gábor Szabó
performer	``Kiss and Say Goodbye'' is a song recorded by the American R&B vocal group The Manhattans.	Kiss and Say Goodbye	The Manhattans
performer	This Is Desolation is the second full-length studio album recorded by Shell Beach.	This Is Desolation	Shell Beach
performer	``HiiiPoWeR'' is a song by American hip hop recording artist Kendrick Lamar, released April 12, 2011 as the lead single from his independent digital album Section.80 (2011).	HiiiPoWeR	Kendrick Lamar
performer	In Case We Die is an indie pop studio album by Australian band Architecture in Helsinki which was released on 5 April 2005.	In Case We Die	Architecture in Helsinki
performer	Back to Bacharach is a jazz/soft rock vocal album by Steve Tyrell, released in 2008 with Koch Records.	Back to Bacharach	Steve Tyrell
performer	Sumo Grip is the ninth and final album by Lucifer's Friend before their reunion in 2014.	Sumo Grip	Lucifer's Friend
performer	Vatten och bröd (Swedish for Water and Bread) is the debut studio album released by Swedish singer and songwriter Veronica Maggio.	Vatten och bröd	Veronica Maggio
performer	``Huffin'' is an instrumental song written by Karl Jenkins and performed by Soft Machine.	Huffin	Soft Machine
performer	``Gonna Make It'' is the fourth single released by freestyle singer Sa-Fire from her 1988 eponymous debut.	Gonna Make It	Sa-Fire
performer	``Lifening'' is a song by Northern Irish alternative rock group Snow Patrol.	Lifening	Snow Patrol
performer	``Under Siege (Regnum Irae)'' is Sepultura's third single, as well as the third of three to be released from the album Arise.	Under Siege (Regnum Irae)	Sepultura
performer	Ruka bez povratka (A hand with no return) is the third studio album by the Serbian britpop/alternative rock band Veliki Prezir, released by B92 in 2005.	Ruka bez povratka	Veliki Prezir
performer	Solutions for a Small Planet is an album released by Haujobb on Off Beat records in 1996.	Solutions for a Small Planet	Haujobb
performer	In Search of Truth is the third album by Swedish progressive metal band Evergrey.	In Search of Truth	Evergrey
performer	Volle Kraft Voraus! is the second album by the German band Die Krupps.	Volle Kraft Voraus!	Die Krupps
performer	``Another Lonely Night in New York'' is a 1983 single by the late British singer-songwriter Robin Gibb from his second solo album How Old Are You?.	Another Lonely Night in New York	Robin Gibb
performer	Jacksonville City Nights is the seventh studio album by American alternative country singer-songwriter Ryan Adams, released on September 27, 2005 on Lost Highway.	Jacksonville City Nights	Ryan Adams
performer	The Maxx Is Back is the sixth studio album by Klymaxx, released in 1990 (see 1990 in music).	The Maxx Is Back	Klymaxx
performer	``Why Lady Why'' is a song written by Teddy Gentry and Rick Scott, and recorded by American country music band Alabama.	Why Lady Why	Alabama
performer	``Pink Eyed Soul'' is a single by Japanese duo Pink Lady.	Pink Eyed Soul	Pink Lady
performer	``The Curly Shuffle'' is a novelty song by the group Jump 'N the Saddle Band first released in late 1983, an homage to The Three Stooges film comedy team.	The Curly Shuffle	Jump 'N the Saddle Band
performer	When It Was Good is the first single from hip hop group Flipsyde's second album State of Survival.	When It Was Good	Flipsyde
performer	Pocrnela burma (English: My Wedding Ring Turned Black) is the tenth studio album by Bosnian Serb singer Indira Radić, released in 2002.	Pocrnela burma	Indira Radić
performer	Naked Flame is the third album from the Ukrainian psychobilly band Mad Heads.	Naked Flame	Mad Heads
performer	``People Are People'' is Depeche Mode's 10th UK single recorded at Hansa Mischraum in West Berlin, and released on 12 March 1984.	People Are People	Depeche Mode
performer	``Blowing Kisses in the Wind'' was the third single from Paula Abdul's album, Spellbound.	Blowing Kisses in the Wind	Paula Abdul
performer	One Soul Now is a 2004 album by the Canadian rock band Cowboy Junkies.	One Soul Now	Cowboy Junkies
performer	Are You Passionate? is the twenty-fifth studio album by Canadian musician Neil Young, the only album to feature Booker T. & the M.G.'s, and his eighth with Crazy Horse, released on April 9, 2002.	Are You Passionate?	Neil Young
performer	A.K.A. I-D-I-O-T is an EP by Swedish band The Hives, released in 1998.	A.K.A. I-D-I-O-T	The Hives
performer	Till Monkeys Fly is an album by the Dutch rock band Racoon.	Till Monkeys Fly	Racoon
performer	Aha Shake Heartbreak is the sophomore studio album by American rock band Kings of Leon.	Aha Shake Heartbreak	Kings of Leon
performer	You Won't Forget Me is a 1991 studio album by Shirley Horn.	You Won't Forget Me	Shirley Horn
performer	Van Ronk Sings was an album by American folksinger Dave Van Ronk, released in 1961.	Van Ronk Sings	Dave Van Ronk
performer	``Church of Your Heart'', written by Per Gessle, was the fifth single released from Swedish pop rock duo Roxette's 1991 album Joyride.	Church of Your Heart	Roxette
performer	And Everything Else... is the third solo album by American hip hop producer Nobody.	And Everything Else...	Nobody
performer	Pointing the Finger is a studio album by the rock artist Kevin Coyne which was released in 1981.	Pointing the Finger	Kevin Coyne
performer	Sábado en la Noche Tiki-Tiki is the sixth album by Mexican iconic pop singer Verónica Castro, It was released in 1982 ``Ven'' is theme song to ``El derecho de nacer (TV series)'' Also in the telenovela Verónica Castro's son Cristian Castro plays her Lost son.	Sábado en la Noche Tiki-Tiki	Verónica Castro
performer	Kunnes joet muuttaa suuntaa (in English: Until Rivers Change Direction) is the sixth studio album by Finnish pop rock singer-songwriter Maija Vilkkumaa, released by Warner Music Finland and WEA in Finland on April 19, 2010.	Kunnes joet muuttaa suuntaa	Maija Vilkkumaa
performer	Rebuilt by Humans is the second album by British singer-songwriter Newton Faulkner.	Rebuilt by Humans	Newton Faulkner
performer	``Getting Away with It'' was the first single by the English band Electronic, which comprised Bernard Sumner of New Order, ex-Smiths guitarist Johnny Marr, and guesting vocalist Neil Tennant of Pet Shop Boys.	Getting Away with It	Electronic
performer	Sweet Jamaica is a studio album by a Jamaican reggae singer, Mr. Vegas, released on May 29 in 2012, under Mr. Vegas Music/VPAL.	Sweet Jamaica	Mr. Vegas
performer	Trampled by Lambs and Pecked by the Dove is a collection of raw tracks and song sketches written and recorded by Trey Anastasio and Phish lyricist Tom Marshall in Vermont farmhouses over four weekends in 1997.	Trampled by Lambs and Pecked by the Dove	Trey Anastasio
performer	Kingston Morning is Dave Eggar's 4th solo release recorded in Brooklyn, New York;	Kingston Morning	Dave Eggar
performer	Keep the Faith is the fifth studio album by American rock band Bon Jovi.	Keep the Faith	Bon Jovi
performer	The Remix Suite (digital title: Michael Jackson: The Remix Suite) is a compilation of remixed hits by Michael Jackson.	The Remix Suite	Michael Jackson
performer	``Listen to What the Man Said'' is a hit single from Wings' 1975 album Venus and Mars.	Listen to What the Man Said	Wings
performer	``Found Out About You'' is the fourth single from the Gin Blossoms' second album New Miserable Experience, recorded in 1992.	Found Out About You	Gin Blossoms
performer	``It's Just Not Cricket'' is the debut single of The Twelfth Man, a series of comedy productions by skilled impersonator Billy Birmingham.	It's Just Not Cricket	The Twelfth Man
performer	``Trouble on My Mind'' is a song by American hip hop recording artist Pusha T, released as the lead single from his debut EP Fear of God II:	Trouble on My Mind	Pusha T
performer	The Dealer is a 1966 release by jazz drummer/bandleader Chico Hamilton.	The Dealer	Chico Hamilton
performer	``One (Always Hardcore)'' is a song by German musical group Scooter.	One (Always Hardcore)	Scooter
performer	``La La La (Never Give It Up)'' is the debut single from Swedish singer September in 2003.	La La La (Never Give It Up)	September
performer	``One Step Out of Time'', written and composed by Paul Davies, Tony Ryan, and Victor Stratton, was the United Kingdom's entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1992, performed by Michael Ball.	One Step Out of Time	Michael Ball
performer	In Response is the final studio album by Philadelphia post-hardcore band This Day Forward.	In Response	This Day Forward
performer	``Marvin & Chardonnay'' is a song by American rapper Big Sean, sent to the radio as the second single from his debut studio album, Finally Famous.	Marvin & Chardonnay	Big Sean
performer	Love Gone Sour, Suspicion, and Bad Debt is the 1994 third album by Pittsburgh band The Clarks.	Love Gone Sour, Suspicion, and Bad Debt	The Clarks
performer	When All the Laughter Has Gone is the debut album by the Finnish doom metal band Dolorian.	When All the Laughter Has Gone	Dolorian
performer	``Catch Us If You Can'' is a 1965 song from The Dave Clark Five (DC5), written by group's drummer Dave Clark and guitarist Lenny Davidson.	Catch Us If You Can	The Dave Clark Five
performer	Boys in Heat is the second album by the American glam metal band Britny Fox, released in 1989.	Boys in Heat	Britny Fox
performer	``Night of the Living Baseheads'' is the third single released by hip hop group Public Enemy, from their critically acclaimed album It Takes a Nation of Millions to Hold Us Back.	Night of the Living Baseheads	Public Enemy
performer	``Tell Her No'' is a hit single by British rock band The Zombies in 1965, featured on their eponymous debut album The Zombies.	Tell Her No	The Zombies
performer	``Heavy Starry Chain'' is the only single released from Tomoko Kawase's alter-ego, Tommy heavenly6 in 2007.	Heavy Starry Chain	Tommy heavenly6
performer	``The Bad Touch'' is a song recorded by American alternative band Bloodhound Gang.	The Bad Touch	Bloodhound Gang
performer	The Legend of Bear Thompson is the 3rd full length CD release from the Daniel Bennett Group.	The Legend of Bear Thompson	Daniel Bennett
performer	Yankee Hotel Foxtrot is the fourth album by Chicago-based rock band Wilco.	Yankee Hotel Foxtrot	Wilco
performer	Shoot the Moon Right Between the Eyes (sub-titled Jeffrey Foucault Sings the Songs of John Prine) is an album by singer/songwriter Jeffrey Foucault, released in 2009.	Shoot the Moon Right Between the Eyes	Jeffrey Foucault
performer	Musick to Play in the Dark Vol. 2 (written as Musick to Play in the Dark² on the packaging) is an album by Coil currently in its third pressing in CD format; it was also released in double 12`` vinyl format.	Musick to Play in the Dark Vol. 2	Coil
performer	Il popolo dei sogni is the third studio album by Italian singer-songwriter Dolcenera, released on 3 March 2006 via Amarena Music.	Il popolo dei sogni	Dolcenera
performer	It Don't Get Any Better Than This is an album by American country music singer George Jones released on April 7, 1998 on the MCA Nashville label.	It Don't Get Any Better Than This	George Jones
performer	Wake the Union is the sixteenth studio album by British folk duo Show of Hands.	Wake the Union	Show of Hands
performer	Where Is Brooklyn? is an album by Don Cherry featuring Henry Grimes, Ed Blackwell, and Pharoah Sanders recorded in 1966 and released on the Blue Note label.	Where Is Brooklyn?	Don Cherry
performer	Organic Music Society is an album by trumpeter Don Cherry recorded in 1972 and released on the Swedish Caprice label.	Organic Music Society	Don Cherry
performer	The Incurable Tragedy is the fifth full-length studio album by Canadian progressive death metal band Into Eternity.	The Incurable Tragedy	Into Eternity
performer	You Want It, You Got It is the second studio album that was released by Bryan Adams in 1981 (see 1981 in music).	You Want It, You Got It	Bryan Adams
performer	Songs for You, Truths for Me is the second album by English singer, songwriter and guitarist James Morrison, released on 26 September 2008.	Songs for You, Truths for Me	James Morrison
performer	Wikked Lil' Grrrls is Canadian American singer Esthero's second album, her first full-length in seven years.	Wikked Lil' Grrrls	Esthero
performer	Take a Number from 1 to 10 is an album by saxophonist Benny Golson, featuring performances recorded in late 1960 and early 1961 and originally released on the Argo label.	Take a Number from 1 to 10	Benny Golson
performer	Gum Tree Canoe is an album by the American musician John Hartford, released in 1984.	Gum Tree Canoe	John Hartford
performer	Shang Tsung is the main antagonist in Mortal Kombat, and was played by Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa.	Shang Tsung	Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa
performer	Leave This Town is the second studio album recorded by American rock band Daughtry, released through RCA Records and 19 Entertainment on July 14, 2009.	Leave This Town	Daughtry
performer	The Classic Della is an album by actress and singer Della Reese.	The Classic Della	Della Reese
performer	``Here Come Those Tears Again'' is a song written and performed by American singer-songwriter Jackson Browne and included on his 1976 album The Pretender.	Here Come Those Tears Again	Jackson Browne
performer	Love Tattoo is the second studio album by the Irish rockabilly musician Imelda May, released on 20 October 2008 on Universal Music.	Love Tattoo	Imelda May
performer	``No One Gonna Love You'' is a song recorded by R&B singer and actress Jennifer Hudson.	No One Gonna Love You	Jennifer Hudson
performer	Ellington Uptown (also released as Hi-Fi Ellington Uptown) is an album by American pianist, composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded for the Columbia label in 1951 & 1952.	Ellington Uptown	Duke Ellington
performer	``My Kind of Lady'' was the second single from Supertramp's 1982 album ...	My Kind of Lady	Supertramp
performer	``Are You Lonely for Me'' is the title of a number-one R&B single by group The Rude Boys.	Are You Lonely for Me	The Rude Boys
performer	E.G. Time is the third studio album by the Japanese girl group E-girls.	E.G. Time	E-girls
performer	``In Public'' is a song by American singer-songwriter Kelis, featuring American rapper Nas.	In Public	Kelis	Nas
performer	Too Hot to Sleep is the seventh album from rock band Survivor, released in 1988.	Too Hot to Sleep	Survivor
performer	Hymn of the Seventh Galaxy (1973) is Return to Forever's third studio album.	Hymn of the Seventh Galaxy	Return to Forever
performer	Music Row II is the second cover album by Jill Johnson, recorded in Nashville and released on 28 October 2009, two years after Music Row.	Music Row II	Jill Johnson
performer	Au nord de notre vie (In the North of Our Lives) is an album by CANO, released in 1977.	Au nord de notre vie	CANO
performer	Under Heavy Manners is a reggae album by Prince Far I, released in 1976.	Under Heavy Manners	Prince Far I
performer	Piece of the Action is the second single by pop group Bucks Fizz, the follow-up to the Eurovision-winning song ``Making Your Mind Up''.	Piece of the Action	Bucks Fizz
performer	Jag ska aldrig lämna dig is a 1993 studio album from Swedish country and pop singer Kikki Danielsson.	Jag ska aldrig lämna dig	Kikki Danielsson
performer	Some Kind of Trouble is the third studio album from British singer-songwriter James Blunt.	Some Kind of Trouble	James Blunt
performer	Graffiti Crimes was the debut album by New Zealand new wave music group Mi-Sex, released in July 1979.	Graffiti Crimes	Mi-Sex
performer	Aniksi (Greek: Άνοιξη; English: Springtime) is a successful studio album by Greek artist Glykeria.	Aniksi	Glykeria
performer	Vagina Dancer is the second full length release by Canadian grindcore band Fuck the Facts.	Vagina Dancer	Fuck the Facts
performer	Bullet in a Bible is a live album by the American punk rock band Green Day.	Bullet in a Bible	Green Day
performer	Give the Drummer Some is the first solo record by blink-182 drummer Travis Barker.	Give the Drummer Some	Travis Barker
performer	Ni ovde ni tamo is the second studio album from Serbian rock band Negative.	Ni ovde ni tamo	Negative
performer	``Just to Keep You Satisfied'' is a song by soul singer Marvin Gaye.	Just to Keep You Satisfied	Marvin Gaye
performer	Coon Bid'ness is an album released by Julius Hemphill in 1975 on Arista featuring performances by Hemphill, Baikida Carroll, Abdul Wadud, Phillip Wilson, Arthur Blythe, Barry Altschul and Daniel Zebulon.	Coon Bid'ness	Julius Hemphill
performer	Everyone Is Everybody Else is a 1974 album by British Rock Band Barclay James Harvest.	Everyone Is Everybody Else	Barclay James Harvest
performer	Dirt Don't Hurt is the second official album by Holly Golightly and the Brokeoffs, former members of the band Thee Headcoatees.	Dirt Don't Hurt	Holly Golightly
performer	Joey Zasa is a fictional character appearing in The Godfather Part III. He was portrayed by Joe Mantegna.	Joey Zasa	Joe Mantegna
performer	Not Going Under is the second album by Maria Arredondo, released by Universal Music Norway on November 8, 2004.	Not Going Under	Maria Arredondo
performer	Everybody Loves Sausages is an album of cover songs by the American band Melvins, released on April 30, 2013.	Everybody Loves Sausages	Melvins
performer	The Impossible Song & Other Songs is the third solo album by folk musician and Idlewild vocalist Roddy Woomble, released on 21 March 2011 on Greenvoe Records.	The Impossible Song & Other Songs	Roddy Woomble
performer	``Give It All You Got'' is an instrumental song from 1980 by the American flugelhorn player Chuck Mangione.	Give It All You Got	Chuck Mangione
performer	``Never Gonna Be Alone'' is the sixth overall single from the Nickelback album Dark Horse.	Never Gonna Be Alone	Nickelback
performer	Fruit of Life is the debut album for American Alternative band Wild Colonials, released in 1994 (see 1994 in music).	Fruit of Life	Wild Colonials
performer	Flamejob is the sixth studio album (and 11th album overall) by the American garage punk band The Cramps.	Flamejob	The Cramps
performer	The Longest Line is a 12`` EP by punk rock band NOFX, released in 1992.	The Longest Line	NOFX
performer	``Jerks of Attention'' was the first single released by Australian alternative rock band, Jebediah.	Jerks of Attention	Jebediah
performer	Det som engang var (Norwegian for ``what once was'') is the second studio album by the Norwegian black metal solo project Burzum.	Det som engang var	Burzum
performer	Hittin' the Note is the twelfth and final studio album by the American Southern rock group the Allman Brothers Band.	Hittin' the Note	Allman Brothers Band
performer	Je ne mâche pas les mots is the second studio album by French singer and television celebrity Elisa Tovati.	Je ne mâche pas les mots	Elisa Tovati
performer	``Visions of Johanna'' is a song written and performed by Bob Dylan on his 1966 album Blonde on Blonde.	Visions of Johanna	Bob Dylan
performer	Handshakes and Middle Fingers is the second major release studio album by Canadian rapper Classified released on March 22, 2011 on Sony Music Canada, his thirteenth studio album overall.	Handshakes and Middle Fingers	Classified
performer	Pages of Life is the third studio album by the American country music/country rock group The Desert Rose Band.	Pages of Life	The Desert Rose Band
performer	That's How a Heartache Begins is a 1964 compilation album consisting of songs recorded by American country music singer, Patsy Cline.	That's How a Heartache Begins	Patsy Cline
performer	``How Ya Doin'?'' is a song by British girl group Little Mix, featuring American rapper Missy Elliott.	How Ya Doin'?	Little Mix	Missy Elliott
performer	Monoliths & Dimensions is the sixth studio album by the avant-garde drone doom band Sunn O))).	Monoliths & Dimensions	Sunn
performer	What Are You Going to Do with Your Life? is the eighth studio album by the English rock band Echo & the Bunnymen.	What Are You Going to Do with Your Life?	Echo & the Bunnymen
performer	Serving 190 Proof is the 29th studio album by American country singer Merle Haggard, released in May 1979.	Serving 190 Proof	Merle Haggard
performer	Young'n (Holla Back) is the second single from Fabolous' debut album Ghetto Fabolous.	Young'n (Holla Back)	Fabolous
performer	Started a Fire is the first album by the British rock band One Night Only.	Started a Fire	One Night Only
performer	``Meet Me in Montana'' is a song written by Paul Davis, and recorded by American country music artists Dan Seals and Marie Osmond as a duet.	Meet Me in Montana	Dan Seals	Marie Osmond
performer	Welcome 2 My Nightmare (also known as Welcome to My Nightmare 2) is the 26th studio album by Alice Cooper, released in September 2011.	Welcome 2 My Nightmare	Alice Cooper
performer	Anytime at All is the second album from Banyan, founded by Stephen Perkins of Jane's Addiction and Porno for Pyros fame, and David Turin.	Anytime at All	Banyan
performer	``Brianstorm'' (often mistaken as 'Brainstorm') is a song by the English indie rock band Arctic Monkeys.	Brianstorm	Arctic Monkeys
performer	``Requiem for a Hit'' is a song by French recording artist Miss Kittin featuring L.A. Williams.	Requiem for a Hit	Miss Kittin
performer	``Living for the City'' is a 1973 hit single by Stevie Wonder from his Innervisions album.	Living for the City	Stevie Wonder
performer	Skinman is the second full-length album by Australian Thrash metal band Allegiance, released in 1996.	Skinman	Allegiance
performer	Setia Ku Di Sini is the third studio album from Malaysian pop singer Ziana Zain which was released in 1996.	Setia Ku Di Sini	Ziana Zain
performer	``Way Cool Jr.'' is a single by the American heavy metal band Ratt.	Way Cool Jr.	Ratt
performer	Les Sessions Lost Souls is a live album and DVD released by James Blunt in 2008 as a follow-up to his 2007 album, All the Lost Souls.	Les Sessions Lost Souls	James Blunt
performer	Live at Jacksonville is a live album by the band King Crimson, released through the King Crimson Collectors' Club in December 1998.	Live at Jacksonville	King Crimson
performer	``It's Not My Time'' is the first official single from the self-titled fourth studio album by rock band 3 Doors Down.	It's Not My Time	3 Doors Down
performer	Maailma tarvitsee sankareita (English: The World Needs Heroes) is the fourth studio album by the Finnish heavy metal band Teräsbetoni.	Maailma tarvitsee sankareita	Teräsbetoni
performer	Soulville is a 1957 album by swing tenor saxophonist Ben Webster, recording a session from October 15, 1957 which Webster played with the Oscar Peterson Trio.	Soulville	Ben Webster
performer	C'mon Billy was the second single released on PJ Harvey's 1995 album To Bring You My Love.	C'mon Billy	PJ Harvey
performer	Death Pop Romance is Danish band Raunchy's third album, released in 2006.	Death Pop Romance	Raunchy
performer	How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb is the eleventh studio album by Irish rock band U2.	How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb	U2
performer	Player Select is the second studio album by American synthpop comedy supergroup Starbomb.	Player Select	Starbomb
performer	A Nice Pair is a compilation album by Pink Floyd, re-issuing their first two albums--	A Nice Pair	Pink Floyd
performer	Are You Ready for Some More? is the third and final album released by the house and reggae-influenced duo Reel 2 Real.	Are You Ready for Some More?	Reel 2 Real
performer	``Just Don't Give a Fuck'' (known as ``Just Don't Give'' in the clean version of The Slim Shady LP) is the debut single by the American rapper Eminem.	Just Don't Give a Fuck	Eminem
performer	Ennea was the second album by jazz-rock fusion band Chase.	Ennea	Chase
performer	Headfirst Straight to Hell is the fifth full-length album by the Canadian hardcore band Grade.	Headfirst Straight to Hell	Grade
performer	``I Live for the Sun'' is a 1965 single written by Rick Henn and performed by American pop band The Sunrays.	I Live for the Sun	The Sunrays
performer	``Want More Need Less'' is the second single from the fourth studio album Gift by alternative rock band Curve.	Want More Need Less	Curve
performer	Pro Patria Finlandia is Impaled Nazarene's ninth full-length studio album.	Pro Patria Finlandia	Impaled Nazarene
performer	``That'd Be Alright'' is a song written by Tia Sillers, Tim Nichols and Mark D. Sanders, and performed by American country music artist Alan Jackson.	That'd Be Alright	Alan Jackson
performer	``When I Dream of Michelangelo'' is the eighth track on Counting Crows' 2008 album Saturday Nights & Sunday Mornings (the second on the more reflective ``Sunday Mornings'' half of the record).	When I Dream of Michelangelo	Counting Crows
performer	Auf rote Rosen fallen Tränen (Tears Fall on Red Roses) is the fourteenth studio album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers.	Auf rote Rosen fallen Tränen	Die Flippers
performer	Wicked Beat is the second Mini-Album for the Japanese rock duo B'z.	Wicked Beat	B'z
performer	``Boogie Oogie Oogie'' is a song by the American band A Taste of Honey.	Boogie Oogie Oogie	A Taste of Honey
performer	Elbette (English: Of course) is Candan Erçetin's third studio album.	Elbette	Candan Erçetin
performer	Apol-acoustiX is the tenth studio album and 11th album overall by Christian parody band ApologetiX.	Apol-acoustiX	ApologetiX
performer	Rollins Plays for Bird is a 1957 album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins, recorded for the Prestige label, featuring performances by Rollins with Kenny Dorham, Wade Legge, George Morrow and Max Roach on material associated with Charlie Parker.	Rollins Plays for Bird	Sonny Rollins
performer	``Cold Love'' is a song by American singer Donna Summer, released as the second single from her album The Wanderer.	Cold Love	Donna Summer
performer	Released in 2003, Fartaqi is the third album by Ahmed Bukhatir.	Fartaqi	Ahmed Bukhatir
performer	``Love's About to Change My Heart'' is the third single from Another Place and Time, the 1989 album by Donna Summer, written and produced by British production team Stock Aitken & Waterman.	Love's About to Change My Heart	Donna Summer
performer	Singer for Singer is Misia's sixth studio album and first conceptual one, released on December 8, 2004, only ten months after Mars & Roses.	Singer for Singer	Misia
performer	``Girl Anachronism'' is a song by American dark cabaret duo The Dresden Dolls, released as a promo single from their self-titled debut album.	Girl Anachronism	The Dresden Dolls
performer	They're Only Chasing Safety is the fourth album by American metalcore band Underoath.	They're Only Chasing Safety	Underoath
performer	The M-Pire Shrikez Back is the second studio album by the hip hop group O.G.C. (Originoo Gunn Clappaz), members of the supergroup Boot Camp Clik.	The M-Pire Shrikez Back	Originoo Gunn Clappaz
performer	Grievous Angel is the second solo album by Gram Parsons, compiled from summer 1973 sessions and released four months after his death from a heroin and alcohol overdose in September 1973.	Grievous Angel	Gram Parsons
performer	City to City is a 1978 album and the second studio album by Scottish singer-songwriter Gerry Rafferty.	City to City	Gerry Rafferty
performer	Tajnosľubná (English: Promising in Secret) is a duet by Marika Gombitová and Miro Žbirka, released on Universal Music in 2005.	Tajnosľubná	Marika Gombitová
performer	``What Time Is Love?'' is a song released, in different mixes, as a series of singles by the band The KLF.	What Time Is Love?	The KLF
performer	Dawgnation is a 2002 album by American musician David Grisman, recorded with his group David Grisman Quintet.	Dawgnation	David Grisman Quintet
performer	Kaseta is an album by the rock band Kult.	Kaseta	Kult
performer	``There's a Tear in My Beer'' is a country song written and recorded by Hank Williams, and later re-recorded by his son in 1988.	There's a Tear in My Beer	Hank Williams
performer	Livin' Proof is the debut album from Gang Starr affiliates Group Home.	Livin' Proof	Group Home
performer	``Manhoo'' is the eighth single from Cardiacs and the first taken from Sing to God.	Manhoo	Cardiacs
performer	Different Pulses is the first solo studio album of Israeli artist Asaf Avidan after the split-up of his band ``Asaf Avidan and the Mojos''.	Different Pulses	Asaf Avidan
performer	``Anapnoi Anatoli'' (Greek: Αναπνοή Ανατολή; English: Breaths from the east) is a popular CD single from popular Greek artist Glykeria.	Anapnoi Anatoli	Glykeria
performer	Sweet Honey Bee is an album by American jazz pianist and composer Duke Pearson, released on the Blue Note label in 1967.	Sweet Honey Bee	Duke Pearson
performer	Dub Side of the Moon is a dub reggae tribute to the Pink Floyd album, The Dark Side of the Moon, co-produced by Easy Star All-Stars founder's Michael G (Michael Goldwasser) and Ticklah (Victor Axelrod).	Dub Side of the Moon	Easy Star All-Stars
performer	Black & White Radio is the first single by Australian rock group British India, taken from their debut album Guillotine.	Black & White Radio	British India
performer	Greetings from L.A. is the seventh album by singer-songwriter Tim Buckley, released in 1972.	Greetings from L.A.	Tim Buckley
performer	``Wasted Little DJs'' is the debut single by Dundee indie band The View, taken from the album Hats Off to the Buskers.	Wasted Little DJs	The View
performer	``Jerry Was a Race Car Driver'' is the first single of Primus's 1991 album Sailing the Seas of Cheese.	Jerry Was a Race Car Driver	Primus
performer	Seven Standards (1985), Vols. 1 & 2 is a two volume set by free jazz musician Anthony Braxton.	Seven Standards	Anthony Braxton
performer	Backspacer is the ninth studio album by the American alternative rock band Pearl Jam, released on September 20, 2009.	Backspacer	Pearl Jam
performer	Stay in Touch is the tenth studio album by a German singer Sandra, released in 2012.	Stay in Touch	Sandra
performer	Evil Metal is an album released on Area Total in 1992 by Telectu featuring Elliott Sharp.	Evil Metal	Telectu
performer	15 Big Ones is the 20th studio album by American rock group The Beach Boys released in July 1976.	15 Big Ones	The Beach Boys
performer	Get a Grip is the eleventh studio album by American rock band Aerosmith, released on April 20, 1993 by Geffen Records.	Get a Grip	Aerosmith
performer	``Plug In Baby'' is a song by English alternative rock band Muse.	Plug In Baby	Muse
performer	In My Head It Works is the second album by English band The Race, and was released in 2009.	In My Head It Works	The Race
performer	``Helen Wheels'' is a song by Paul McCartney and Wings.	Helen Wheels	Wings
performer	``Olmaz Oğlan'' is a pop/R&B song for the Turkish girl group Hepsi's debut album, Bir (2005).	Olmaz Oğlan	Hepsi
performer	Emergency Broadcast is the fifth album by the Christian rock band White Heart and the band's first with bass guitarist Tommy Sims.	Emergency Broadcast	White Heart
performer	Good King Bad is an album by American guitarist George Benson featuring performances recorded in 1975 and released on the CTI label.	Good King Bad	George Benson
performer	The Same Channel is a collaborative album by American musician Fat Jon and Belgian musician Styrofoam.	The Same Channel	Fat Jon
performer	``Leaving on a Jet Plane'' is a song written by John Denver in 1966 and most famously recorded by Peter, Paul and Mary.	Leaving on a Jet Plane	Peter, Paul and Mary
performer	Lost in the Shadows is the first and only EP released by Vampires Everywhere!.	Lost in the Shadows	Vampires Everywhere
performer	Eastsideridaz is an album by rapper, Goldie Loc, released in 2007.	Eastsideridaz	Goldie Loc
performer	``Seaside Woman'' is a 1977 single by Linda McCartney and Wings released under pseudonym Suzy and the Red Stripes.	Seaside Woman	Suzy and the Red Stripes
performer	``One Big Family'' (released 7 July 1997) was the second single by English band Embrace, from their debut album The Good Will Out.	One Big Family	Embrace
performer	Passion Session is the seventh album by Canadian guitarist Don Ross and his first on the Narada/Virgin label.	Passion Session	Don Ross
performer	``Theme from S-Express'' is an acid house song by English dance music band S'Express from their album Original Soundtrack.	Theme from S-Express	S'Express
performer	``You'll See'' is a song by American singer and songwriter Madonna from her ballads compilation Something to Remember (1995).	You'll See	Madonna
performer	Feliciano! is a 1968 album by Puerto Rican guitarist José Feliciano.	Feliciano!	José Feliciano
performer	``Even God Can't Change the Past'' is a pop song written by Rick Nowels, George O'Dowd and John Themis, produced by David Fortman for Charlotte Church's fifth album Tissues and Issues (2005).	Even God Can't Change the Past	Charlotte Church
performer	Let's Go Steady Again is a compilation album containing the works of American pop singer Neil Sedaka.	Let's Go Steady Again	Neil Sedaka
performer	Let Our Violins Be Heard is the fourth studio album by the rock group Scapegoat.	Let Our Violins Be Heard	Scapegoat
performer	``Sommerfuggel i vinterland'' (meaning butterfly in winter land in English) is a famous Norwegian language song written, composed and sung by Norwegian artist Halvdan Sivertsen.	Sommerfuggel i vinterland	Halvdan Sivertsen
performer	``The Party Continues'' is the lead single released from Jermaine Dupri's debut studio album, Life in 1472.	The Party Continues	Jermaine Dupri
performer	Make My Move is the second studio album by Canadian country music singer-songwriter Jason Blaine.	Make My Move	Jason Blaine
performer	Under Parr is the fourth studio album by John Parr, released in 1996.	Under Parr	John Parr
performer	From the Choirgirl Hotel is the fourth studio album by American singer and songwriter Tori Amos.	From the Choirgirl Hotel	Tori Amos
performer	``This Ain't No Rag, It's a Flag'', is a song written and performed by the Charlie Daniels Band and released as a bonus track on their 2001 album Live!.	This Ain't No Rag, It's a Flag	Charlie Daniels
performer	Rock Solid is the thirteenth studio album by the Commodores, released in 1988.	Rock Solid	Commodores
performer	``26 Cents'', also written as ``26¢'', is the debut song of the Canadian country music group The Wilkinsons.	26 Cents	The Wilkinsons
performer	``Show Me the Meaning of Being Lonely'' is a song by American boy band Backstreet Boys, taken from their third studio album, Millennium (1999).	Show Me the Meaning of Being Lonely	Backstreet Boys
performer	``Shoulda Woulda Coulda'' is a song by Beverley Knight, released as the second single from her album Who I Am.	Shoulda Woulda Coulda	Beverley Knight
performer	Famous in the Last Century is the twenty-fourth studio album by the British rock band Status Quo, released in 2000 to largely negative reviews.	Famous in the Last Century	Status Quo
performer	Wer Bist Du? (eng. ``Who Are You?'') is the first full album by German industrial metal group Megaherz, following the limited edition release of their first album, Herzwerk.	Wer Bist Du?	Megaherz
performer	``I Wanna Be the Only One'' is a song by British R&B girl group Eternal.	I Wanna Be the Only One	Eternal
performer	``The Most Beautiful Girl'' is a song recorded by Charlie Rich and written by Bill Sherrill, Norris Wilson, and Rory Bourke.	The Most Beautiful Girl	Charlie Rich
performer	Surrounded by Thieves is the second album by Californian stoner metal band High on Fire.	Surrounded by Thieves	High on Fire
performer	``Russian Spies / Occult Enemies'' is a single from Against Me!, released as a 7`` vinyl single on June 14, 2011 on Sabot Productions.	Russian Spies / Occult Enemies	Against Me
performer	``Stand Up Tall'' is the fourth single released by the British rapper Dizzee Rascal and the lead single from his second album Showtime.	Stand Up Tall	Dizzee Rascal
performer	Newtral is the fifth studio album by Ikimono-gakari, released in Japan on February 29, 2012.	Newtral	Ikimono-gakari
performer	Dancing the Whole Way Home is the fourth studio album release by Swedish Singer-songwriter Miss Li.	Dancing the Whole Way Home	Miss Li
performer	Son of Cheep Thrills is a compilation album by Frank Zappa, with material from previously released albums.	Son of Cheep Thrills	Frank Zappa
performer	``Suffer Well'' is the third single from the album Playing the Angel by Depeche Mode, and their 43rd single overall.	Suffer Well	Depeche Mode
performer	Method to the Maadness is the UK rapper Kano's fourth studio album.	Method to the Maadness	Kano
performer	My Name Will Live On is the fourth album from the Italian epic doom metal Doomsword, released in 2007.	My Name Will Live On	Doomsword
performer	Down Here is the second album by American singer/songwriter Tracy Bonham.	Down Here	Tracy Bonham
performer	Parting the Sea Between Brightness and Me is the second studio album by the American post-hardcore band Touché Amoré.	Parting the Sea Between Brightness and Me	Touché Amoré
performer	Parallax Error Beheads You is the third studio album by Ben Jacobs under his stage name of Max Tundra.	Parallax Error Beheads You	Max Tundra
place of birth	Célio da Conceição Junior or simply Célio Junior (born June 30, 1986 in São Gonçalo), is a Brazilian central Midfielder.	Célio Junior	São Gonçalo
place of birth	Eli Sabiá Filho (born 31 August 1988 in Mogi Guaçu) is a Brazilian association footballer who last played for Criciúma, on loan from São Caetano.	Eli Sabiá	Mogi Guaçu
place of birth	Costel Câmpeanu (born 14 May 1965 in Bacău) is a former Romanian football player, currently being a football coach.	Costel Câmpeanu	Bacău
place of birth	Pietro Balistreri (born 14 January 1986 in Palermo) is an Italian football player currently playing for Reggina Calcio.	Pietro Balistreri	Palermo
place of birth	Marian Marin (born 11 September 1987 in Roman) is a Romanian footballer who plays as a central defender.	Marian Marin	Roman
place of birth	Siegfried Kapper was the literary pseudonym of Isaac Salomon Kapper (21 March 1821, Smíchov -- 7 June 1879, Prague), a Bohemian-born Austrian writer of Jewish origin.	Siegfried Kapper	Prague
place of birth	Luis Eduardo Garzón (nicknamed ``Lucho'') (born February 11, 1951 in Bogotá) was the former Mayor of Bogotá (2004--2007), a left-wing Colombian political activist and a former union leader.	Luis Eduardo Garzón	Bogotá
place of birth	Josip Alebić (also known as Jozo or Joško, born 7 January 1947 in Hrvace) is a former Croatian athlete.	Josip Alebić	Hrvace
place of birth	Helena Solberg-Ladd (Rio de Janeiro, June 17, 1938) is a Brazilian screenwriter and filmmaker.	Helena Solberg	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Pamela Brull sometimes credited as Pam Brull (born Pamela Susan Brull August 25, 1953 in Monterey Park, California ) is an American actress.	Pamela Brull	Monterey Park
place of birth	Corliss Williamson played basketball at Russellville High School, where he achieved numerous accolades.	Corliss Williamson	Russellville
place of birth	Hélder Silva Santos (born October 21, 1988 in Três Corações, Minas Gerais) or simply Hélder, is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Ceará, on loan from Figueirense Futebol Clube.	Hélder Silva Santos	Três Corações
place of birth	José Luis Rugamas Portillo (born 5 June 1953 in San Salvador) is a Salvadoran football manager and former professional player.	José Luis Rugamas	San Salvador
place of birth	General August Winter (born 18 January 1897, Munich - 16 February 1979) was a German officer and General of mountain troops in the German army during World War II.	August Winter	Munich
place of birth	Moses Montefiore was born in Leghorn (Livorno in Italian), Tuscany in 1784, to an Italian Jewish family based in Great Britain.	Moses Montefiore	Livorno
place of birth	Tamocha Bedi is a Botswana footballer who currently plays as a striker for TAFIC.	Tamocha Bedi	Botswana
place of birth	Lau Ka Shing (Chinese: 劉嘉城; Jyutping: lau4 gaa1 sing4, born 13 August 1989 in Hong Kong) is a professional footballer who last played for Happy Valley.	Lau Ka Shing	Hong Kong
place of birth	Fred Sablan (born April 28, 1970) is an American musician originally from Cupertino, California, who is best known for being the bassist for Marilyn Manson.	Fred Sablan	Cupertino
place of birth	Daniel Haller (born September 14, 1926 in Glendale, California) is an American film and television director, production designer, and art director.	Daniel Haller	Glendale
place of birth	Arthur George Klein (8 August 1904, in New York City -- 20 February 1968, in New York City) was a United States Representative from New York.	Arthur George Klein	New York City
place of birth	Chet Raymo (born September 17, 1936 in Chattanooga, Tennessee) is a noted writer, educator and naturalist.	Chet Raymo	Chattanooga
place of birth	Phil Hobden (born. 14 August 1976 in Lewes, England) is a filmmaker and writer based in the South of England.	Phil Hobden	Lewes
place of birth	Giovan Giacomo Paleari Fratino came from the Paleari Fratino family of Morcote.	Giovan Giacomo Paleari Fratino	Morcote
place of birth	Uta Pippig (born 7 September 1965 in Leipzig) is a retired German Long-distance runner, and the first woman to officially win the Boston Marathon three consecutive times (1994--1996).	Uta Pippig	Leipzig
place of birth	Phanishwar Nath 'Renu' was born on 4 March 1921 at village Aurahi Hingna near Forbesganj, in Araria district (then Purnea district), Bihar.	Phanishwar Nath 'Renu'	Araria district
place of birth	Kurt Niklas Lindgren (born June 26, 1972, in Sörmjöle, Umeå Municipality), known in the media prior to his arrest as Hagamannen (``The Haga Man''), is a convicted Swedish serial rapist.	Niklas Lindgren	Umeå
place of birth	Osman Özköylü (born August 26, 1971 in Aydın) is a retired Turkish footballer and current coach.	Osman Özköylü	Aydın
place of birth	Damien Valero (born 1965) is a French mixed media visual artist and professor of art and space through a partnership between Georgia Tech Paris Program USA, and l'École nationale supérieure d'architecture de Paris-La Villette.	Damien Valero	Paris
place of birth	Publio Fausto Andrelini (ca. 1462 in Forlì -- 25 February 1518) was an Italian humanist poet, an intimate friend of Erasmus in the 1490s, who spread the New Learning in France.	Publio Fausto Andrelini	Forlì
place of birth	William Baume was born into a notable family of watchmakers in the village of Les Bois in the Swiss Jura.	William Baume	Les Bois
place of birth	Fausto Klinger (born 4 November 1976 in Cuenca) is an Ecuadorian retired football player.	Fausto Klinger	Cuenca
place of birth	Jari Mantila (born July 14, 1971 in Kotka) is a Finnish nordic combined athlete who competed from 1992 to 2003.	Jari Mantila	Kotka
place of birth	Sreeram Ramachandran is an Indian film actor from Kozhikode.	Sreeram Ramachandran	Kozhikode
place of birth	Stefano Boeri is an Italian Architect and Urban Planner, born in Milan in 1956, founding partner of Stefano Boeri Architetti.	Stefano Boeri	Milan
place of birth	Howard Kent Birnbaum (18 October 1932 Brooklyn, New York - 23 January 2005 Urbana, Illinois) was an American metallurgist who was well known due to his works on the interaction of point, linear and planar defects in plastic deformation of materials.	Howard Kent Birnbaum	Brooklyn
place of birth	Hugh Carroll Frazer (February 22, 1891 -- July 9, 1975) was born in the Martinsburg, West Virginia.	Hugh Carroll Frazer	Martinsburg, West Virginia
place of birth	Alec Urosevski (Macedonian: Алек Урошевски, Alec Uroševski, born 15 February 1994) is an Australian football (soccer) player who plays as a striker for Sydney United, on loan from Sydney FC.	Alec Urosevski	Sydney
place of birth	Ima Hogg later recounted that ``my grandfather Stinson lived fifteen miles (24 km) from Mineola and news traveled slowly.	Ima Hogg	Mineola
place of birth	Thomas Clifford Allbutt was born in Dewsbury, Yorkshire, the son of Rev. Thomas Allbutt, Vicar of Dewsbury and his wife Marianne, daughter of Robert Wooler, of Dewsbury (1801--1843).	Clifford Allbutt	Dewsbury
place of birth	John Robin Warren AC (born 11 June 1937 in Adelaide) is an Australian pathologist, Nobel Laureate and researcher who is credited with the 1979 re-discovery of the bacterium Helicobacter pylori, together with Barry Marshall.	Robin Warren	Adelaide
place of birth	Pilar Ruiz-Lapuente (Barcelona, 1964) is an astrophysicist working as a professor in University of Barcelona.	Pilar Ruiz-Lapuente	Barcelona
place of birth	Duccio Barker (Rome, 7 February 1975), better known as Duke Montana is an Italian underground rapper, actor and businessman, member of Italian hip hop crews Black Barz and ODEI Roma Clan and CEO of Golden Age Label.	Duke Montana	Rome
place of birth	Aladar Imre was born in 1898 in Bucharest to Imre Janos, an ethnic Hungarian lumberjack, and Maria Boer, of Romanian origins.	Aladar Imre	Bucharest
place of birth	Denise Coffey (born 12 December 1936, Aldershot, Hampshire) is an English actress, director and playwright.	Denise Coffey	Aldershot
place of birth	Anya Lahiri (born 1 May 1982 in Golders Green, London) is a British actress, model, singer and fitness instructor who is of Indian and Finnish origin.	Anya Lahiri	Golders Green
place of birth	Steward Ceus (born March 26, 1987 in West Haverstraw, New York) is a Haitian footballer who currently plays for Atlanta Silverbacks.	Steward Ceus	West Haverstraw, New York
place of birth	Cecilia Curbelo (Montevideo, 23 January 1975), also known as Ceci, is an Uruguayan journalist, columnist, writer and publishing.	Cecilia Curbelo	Montevideo
place of birth	Vīts Rimkus (born 21 June 1973 in Riga) is a Latvian former football striker.	Vīts Rimkus	Riga
place of birth	Rick Alan Ross was adopted by Paul and Ethel Ross in Cleveland, Ohio in 1953.	Rick Alan Ross	Cleveland
place of birth	Roberto Pannunzi (born Rome, March 4, 1948), also known as Bébé (Baby), is an Italian criminal linked to the 'Ndrangheta, a Mafia-type organisation in Calabria.	Roberto Pannunzi	Rome
place of birth	Heinrich Reinhold was born in Gera, Thuringia, the younger half-brother of the landscape painter Friedrich Philipp Reinhold (1779-1840).	Heinrich Reinhold	Gera
place of birth	Juanita Growing Thunder Fogarty was born in Castro Valley, California in 1969; however, her family comes from the Fort Peck Indian Reservation, where Juanita spent much of her childhood.	Juanita Growing Thunder Fogarty	Castro Valley
place of birth	Alexandre Moos (born December 22, 1972 in Sierre) is a Swiss professional mountain biker, currently riding for BMC Mountain Bike Racing Team.	Alexandre Moos	Sierre
place of birth	Nathaniel Culverwell (1619--1651), alternative spellings Nathanael or Culverwel) was an English author and theologian, born in Middlesex.	Nathaniel Culverwell	Middlesex
place of birth	Petro Doroshenko was born in Chyhyryn to a noble Cossack family with a strong leadership background.	Petro Doroshenko	Chyhyryn
place of birth	Captain Rashid Sazmand Asfaranjan (Persian: رشید سازمند, born 24 October 1951, in Bandar-e Anzali) is an Iranian manager.	Rashid Sazmand	Bandar-e Anzali
place of birth	Michalis Papazoglou was a Greek athlete from Constantinople.	Michalis Papazoglou	Constantinople
place of birth	Vladimir Popovkin was born on 25 September 1957 in Dushanbe, Tajik SSR, Soviet Union, where his father was serving in the 211st Tank Division .	Vladimir Popovkin	Dushanbe
place of birth	Ahmad Kalzi (Arabic: احمد كلزي ‎) (born January 28, 1987 in Aleppo, Syria) is a Syrian football player who is currently playing for Al-Jaish in the Syrian Premier League.	Ahmad Kalzi	Aleppo
place of birth	Alberto Olmedo (Barrio Pichincha, Rosario, Santa Fe Province, August 24, 1933 -- March 5, 1988) was an Argentine comedian and actor.	Alberto Olmedo	Rosario
place of birth	Kenny Bundy (born March 9, 1981 in Tulsa, Oklahoma) is an American soccer player who spent time in the USL Second Division.	Kenny Bundy	Tulsa
place of birth	Los Angeles based actor, Kenn Woodard, started acting at the age of fourteen in his home state of Louisiana.	Kenn Woodard	Louisiana
place of birth	In 2014, in the pituresque city center of Ghent, Filip Naudts founded Studio Guarda La Fotografia, a tourist guesthouse inspired by photography, and wherein some of Naudts' photographic works play a major role.	Filip Naudts	Ghent
place of birth	Paul Rougnon was born in Poitiers the son of Louis Rougnon and Claire Clotilde Robin.	Paul Rougnon	Poitiers
place of birth	Brunet Zamora Fernandez (born October 25, 1974 in Havana) is a Cuban born, Italian boxer.	Brunet Zamora	Havana
place of birth	Mohammed Azaay (born 1 July 1976 in Tétouan, Morocco) is a Moroccan-Dutch actor.	Mohammed Azaay	Tétouan
place of birth	The fourth most prolific rebounder in Bradley basketball history, Barney Cable, a six-foot-seven forward from Rochester, Pennsylvania, was only the third BU player to be plucked in the NBA draft since the school went big time in 1938.	Barney Cable	Rochester
place of birth	Kristofer McNeeley (born September 24, 1974 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma) is an American stage, film and television actor.	Kristofer McNeeley	Oklahoma City
place of birth	Davide Garbolino (born September 24, 1968 in Cirié) is an Italian voice actor, dubbing director, and television presenter.	Davide Garbolino	Cirié
place of birth	Pasquale Natuzzi (Matera, March 24, 1940) is an Italian entrepreneur and stylist, founder and chairman of the Natuzzi Group.	Pasquale Natuzzi	Matera
place of birth	Dieter Hochheimer (born 24 September 1952 in Hattersheim am Main) is a former German football player and manager.	Dieter Hochheimer	Hattersheim am Main
place of birth	Elsa Joubert grew up in Paarl and matriculated from the all-girls school La Rochelle in Paarl in 1939.	Elsa Joubert	Paarl
place of birth	Lobsang Sangay (Chinese: 洛桑森格་, Tibetan: བློ་བཟང་སེང་གེ་; ``kind-hearted lion''; born 1968 in Darjeeling) is a Tibetan legal scholar and politician.	Lobsang Sangay	Darjeeling
place of birth	Brendan Robinson (born March 1, 1990 in Portland, Oregon, USA) is an American actor known for playing Lucas Gottesman on the ABC Family series Pretty Little Liars.	Brendan Robinson	Portland
place of birth	Mostafa Mastoor (Persian: مصطفی مستور‎; born 1965, Ahvaz) is an Iranian writer, translator and researcher.	Mostafa Mastoor	Ahvaz
place of birth	He was born in Hopkinsville, Kentucky to Barksdale Hamlett, Sr. and Daisey C. Hamlett.	Barksdale Hamlett	Hopkinsville
place of birth	Izabela Dylewska-Światowiak (born March 16, 1968 in Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki) is a Polish sprint canoer who competed from 1987 to 1997.	Izabela Dylewska	Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki
place of birth	Arun Pathak is an Indian politician and social activist from Varanasi.	Arun Pathak	Varanasi
place of birth	Johnson was born in Washington, D.C., on September 23, 1883, to William Tefft Johnson and his wife, Anne Wheeler Johnson.	Tefft Johnson	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Andrejs Dūda (born October 30, 1981 in Jelgava), is a Latvian swimmer, is a two-time Olympian and nine-time NCAA DIII national individual champion in swimming.	Andrejs Dūda	Jelgava
place of birth	Silvio Danailov invented the worldwide famous anti-draw rule called Sofia Rule introduced for a first time in the super tournament MTel Masters 2005 in Sofia.	Silvio Danailov	Sofia
place of birth	Jana Gantnerová (born 15 July 1989 in Kežmarok) is a Slovak Alpine skier.	Jana Gantnerová	Kežmarok
place of birth	Germano Rigotto (born September 24, 1949 in Caxias do Sul) is a Brazilian politician currently affiliated to the PMDB party.	Germano Rigotto	Caxias do Sul
place of birth	Penny Irving (born 1955 in Hitchin, Hertfordshire, England) is a former actress and Sun newspaper Page 3 model.	Penny Irving	Hitchin
place of birth	Carmelo Micciche (born 16 August 1963 in Uckange, Moselle) is a French former football striker.	Carmelo Micciche	Uckange
place of birth	Mario Bertoncini (born 1932, Rome) is an Italian composer, pianist, and music educator.	Mario Bertoncini	Rome
place of birth	Éder Monteiro Fernandes, known as Éder (born 21 September 1983 in São Paulo), is a Brazilian professional footballer who signed up for Chennaiyin FC in Indian Super League, as a Central Defender On 5 August 2015, he signed for Indian club Chennaiyin FC.	Éder Monteiro Fernandes	São Paulo
place of birth	Anthony Leocadia Fletcher, son of Peter Fletcher and Helen Fletcher, was born on 9 December 1909 in a Christian family of Kerala.	Anthony Leocadia Fletcher	Kerala
place of birth	Alan Bloom was himself the son of a market gardener at Over, Cambridgeshire.	Alan Bloom	Over, Cambridgeshire
place of birth	Derek Whyte (born 31 August 1968 in Glasgow) is a former Scottish footballer who played for Celtic, Middlesbrough, Aberdeen and Partick Thistle.	Derek Whyte	Glasgow
place of birth	Irving Reiner (February 8, 1924, Brooklyn, New York -- October 28, 1986) was a mathematician at the University of Illinois who worked on representation theory.	Irving Reiner	Brooklyn
place of birth	Craig Vetter (born July 28, 1942, in Selma, Alabama) is an American entrepreneur and motorcycle designer.	Craig Vetter	Selma
place of birth	André Neher (22 October 1914 -- 23 October 1988) was a Jewish scholar and philosopher, born 12, rue du Marché, in Obernai, Bas-Rhin.	André Neher	Obernai
place of birth	Herbert Wehner was born in Dresden, the son of a shoemaker.	Herbert Wehner	Dresden
place of birth	Guila Bustabo was born in Manitowoc, Wisconsin, in 1916 as Teressina Bustabo.	Guila Bustabo	Manitowoc
place of birth	Nerio Alessandri (Gatteo (FC), 8 April 1961) is an Italian entrepreneur and President and founder of Technogym (since 1983).	Nerio Alessandri	Gatteo
place of birth	Kim Saigh (born 25 June 1973 in Westlake, Ohio) is an American tattoo artist and television personality.	Kim Saigh	Westlake
place of birth	Keith Prentice (February 21, 1940 -- September 27, 1992) was a Dayton, Ohio-born American TV, film and stage actor, whose most famous role was the part of Larry in both the original stage and film versions of The Boys in the Band.	Keith Prentice	Dayton
place of birth	Dee Dee Sharp (born Dione LaRue, September 9, 1945, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States) is an American R&B singer, who began her career recording as a backing vocalist in 1961.	Dee Dee Sharp	Philadelphia
place of birth	Antonín Koláček (7 August 1959, Kroměříž) is a former Czech manager and entrepreneur.	Antonín Koláček	Kroměříž
place of birth	Ishrat Ali Siddiqui was born in 1919 in Hardoi, a small town on the banks of River Ganges in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Ishrat Ali Siddiqui	Hardoi
place of birth	Janne Josefsson (born June 27, 1957 in Gothenburg) is a Swedish investigative journalist who has had numerous shows on Sveriges Television such as Fittja Paradiso, Uppdrag Granskning and Debatt.	Janne Josefsson	Gothenburg
place of birth	Thomas Muirhead Flett was born in July 28, 1923, in London, England, when his parents moved from Scotland to London.	Thomas Muirhead Flett	London
place of birth	Born in Baltimore, Maryland, Andrew Sterett was the son of John Sterett, a former Revolutionary War captain and a successful shipping merchant.	Andrew Sterett	Baltimore
place of birth	Adrianus of Tyre (Ancient Greek: Αδριανός, c. 113 -- 193), also written as Hadrian and Hadrianos, was a sophist of ancient Athens who flourished under the emperors Marcus Aurelius and Commodus.	Adrianus	Tyre
place of birth	Jorge Carlos Hurtado Valdez (born March 22, 1949) is a Mexican politician and former governor of Campeche.	Jorge Carlos Hurtado Valdez	Campeche
place of birth	Jeremy Borash (born July 19, 1974 in Minneapolis, Minnesota), is an American professional wrestling play-by-play commentator, announcer, ring announcer, booker, interviewer, producer, Professional Wrestler part-time in 2015 and website designer.	Jeremy Borash	Minneapolis
place of birth	Juan Pablo Paz (Buenos Aires, 1959-) is an Argentinian physicist that works in the field of quantum computing.	Juan Pablo Paz	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Gabriel Slaughter was born in Culpeper County, Virginia on December 12, 1767, the son of Robert and Susannah (Harrison) Slaughter.	Gabriel Slaughter	Culpeper County
place of birth	Kjell Kristian Rike (12 July 1944 -- 19 May 2008) was a Norwegian sports commentator, originally from Byglandsfjord.	Kjell Kristian Rike	Byglandsfjord
place of birth	Yevhen Kushnaryov was born in Kharkiv to migrants from Russia in 1951.	Yevhen Kushnaryov	Kharkiv
place of birth	Fr. José Gabriel Funes, S.J. (born January 31, 1963 in Córdoba), an Argentine Jesuit priest and astronomer, was the Director of the Vatican Observatory from August 19, 2006 until September 18, 2015, when he was succeeded by Pope Francis's appointment of the Reverend Brother Guy Consolmagno, S.J.	José Gabriel Funes	Córdoba
place of birth	Alessandro Attene (born 10 September 1977 in Recanati, Province of Macerata) is a retired Italian sprinter who specialized in the sprint.	Alessandro Attene	Recanati
place of birth	Yami Gautam was born in Bilaspur, Himachal Pradesh in a Pahari-Punjabi family and was brought up in Chandigarh.	Yami Gautam	Himachal Pradesh
place of birth	Christophe Lévêque (born February 11, 1973 in Saint-Ouen, Seine-Saint-Denis) is a French professional ``Mid/Current School'' Bicycle Motocross (BMX) racer whose prime competitive years were from 1990-2003.	Christophe Lévêque	Saint-Ouen
place of birth	Killian Scott is an Irish actor from Sandymount, Dublin.	Killian Scott	Sandymount
place of birth	Amina Annabi (Arabic: أمينة العنابي, Amina Al-Annabi) (born 5 March 1962, Carthage, Tunisia) is a French-Tunisian singer-songwriter and actress, most famous for finishing second in the tied 1991 Eurovision Song Contest, held in Rome.	Amina Annabi	Carthage
place of birth	Tony Ayres (born 16 July 1961) is a Portuguese Macau-born Australian showrunner, screenwriter, director in television and feature film.	Tony Ayres	Macau
place of birth	Auxentius of Bithynia was a hermit born circa AD 400 in Syria, and died February 14, 473, on Mount Scopas.	Auxentius of Bithynia	Syria
place of birth	Jérémy Labor (born 19 March 1992 in Pontoise) is a French football player who plays for I-League side DSK Shivajians.	Jérémy Labor	Pontoise
place of birth	Enrico Viarisio (3 December 1897 in Turin -- 1 November 1967 in Milan) was an Italian theatre and cinema actor.	Enrico Viarisio	Turin
place of birth	Paul Jean Clays (27 November 1819 -- 10 February 1900), Belgian artist, was born at Bruges, and died at Brussels.	Paul Jean Clays	Bruges
place of birth	Pat Paterson (10 April 1910 -- 24 August 1978) was an Anglo-Scottish film actress, born in Bradford, West Riding of Yorkshire, England.	Pat Paterson	Bradford
place of birth	Zhu Rongji was born in Changsha, Hunan, to a family of intellectuals and wealthy landowners.	Zhu Rongji	Changsha
place of birth	Norris Wright Cuney was born on May 12, 1846 near Hempstead, Texas in the Brazos River valley.	Norris Wright Cuney	Hempstead
place of birth	Lydia Sherman (Burlington, New Jersey, United States, Dec 24, 1824 -- May 16, 1878), also known as The Derby Poisoner, was an American serial killer.	Lydia Sherman	Burlington
place of birth	Bent Inge Johnsen (born January 28, 1972 in Mosjøen, Helgeland) is the assistant manager of the Bodø/Glimt football team.	Bent Inge Johnsen	Mosjøen
place of birth	Anatol Vidrașcu (April 2, 1949, Costuleni) is an editor and activist from R.Moldova.	Anatol Vidrașcu	Costuleni
place of birth	Vaughn Lowery is an actor, entertainer, and model who was born in Detroit, Michigan.	Vaughn Lowery	Detroit
place of birth	Thomas Kling was born in Bingen am Rhein, grew up in Hilden and went to school in Düsseldorf.	Thomas Kling	Bingen am Rhein
place of birth	Norbert Kraft (b. Linz, Austria, 1950) is a Canadian guitarist, music teacher, producer and arranger.	Norbert Kraft	Linz
place of birth	Colins Kelechi Osunwa (born October 15, 1984 in Rivers State) is a Nigerian-born football striker.	Kelechi Osunwa	Rivers State
place of birth	Laurie Garrett (born 1951 in Los Angeles, California) is a Pulitzer prize-winning science journalist and writer of two bestselling books.	Laurie Garrett	Los Angeles
place of birth	Éva Circé-Côté (1871--1949), born Éva Circé in Montreal, was a journalist, a poet, a librarian and established the first public library in Montreal in 1903.	Éva Circé-Côté	Montreal
place of birth	Martin Mussard better known by his artistic name Naâman, (born in Dieppe on 25 February 1990) is a French reggae singer with Ska, Blues, Folk, Hip Hop and Dancehall influences.	Naâman	Dieppe
place of birth	Linda Grubben (née Linda Tjørhom, 13 September 1979 in Stavanger) is a retired Norwegian biathlete.	Linda Grubben	Stavanger
place of birth	Tigran Gharabaghtsyan (Armenian: Տիգրան Ղարաբաղցյան, born 6 June 1984 in Yerevan, Soviet Union) is a former Armenian football striker.	Tigran Gharabaghtsyan	Yerevan
place of birth	Zeev Hershkowitz is a former Israeli footballer who played in Maccabi Jaffa and Maccabi Netanya in the 1950s and 1960s.	Zeev Hershkowitz	Jaffa
place of birth	Born in Beirut, Lebanon, Jean Kazandjian moved to France after winning the national art contest organized by the Sursock Museum in Beirut in 1962.	Jean Kazandjian	Beirut
place of birth	Jan Lipšanský (born 27 September 1968, in Brno) is a Czech journalist, screenplay writer, writer and stage director.	Jan Lipšanský	Brno
place of birth	Liviu Antal (born 2 June 1989 in Șimleu Silvaniei) is a Romanian footballer who plays as a winger for Pandurii Târgu Jiu, on loan from Israeli club Hapoel Tel Aviv.	Liviu Antal	Șimleu Silvaniei
place of birth	Sarah French aka Scarlet Salem (born April 22, 1982 in Melrose, Minnesota, USA) is an American Independent actress and model.	Scarlet Salem	Melrose, Minnesota
place of birth	Claude Noël (born October 31, 1955 in Kirkland Lake, Ontario) is a professional scout with the New Jersey Devils and former NHL player and head coach.	Claude Noël	Kirkland Lake
place of birth	Frank Liddell (born in Houston, Texas, United States) is an American record producer.	Frank Liddell	Houston
place of birth	Milenko Stojković (Serbian Cyrillic: Миленко Стојковић; 1769, Kličevac, Požarevac -- 1831) was a Serbian revolutionary and bimbaša in the First Serbian Uprising early in the 19th century.	Milenko Stojković	Kličevac
place of birth	Annely Ojastu (born 10 August 1960 in Tartu) is an Estonian Paralympic athlete.	Annely Ojastu	Tartu
place of birth	George Glueck (born June 28, 1950 in Oradea, Romania) is a music producer and artist manager.	George Glueck	Oradea
place of birth	Stephen Hanessian, OC, FRSC is a chemist and professor of Canadian and United States citizenship born on April 25, 1935 in Alexandria, Egypt.	Stephen Hanessian	Alexandria
place of birth	Mitch Cope, Fine Artist and Curator based in Detroit.	Mitch Cope	Detroit
place of birth	Reri Grist was born in New York City, grew up in the East River Housing Projects, attended the High School of Music and Art, majored in voice and graduated with a BA in Music from Queens College, City Univ. of New York.	Reri Grist	New York City
place of birth	Howard Spring was born in Cardiff, the son of a poor jobbing gardener.	Howard Spring	Cardiff
place of birth	Jon Sen is a British television and film director and writer born in Bradford in 1974.	Jon Sen	Bradford
place of birth	István Sándor was born in Szolnok in 1914, the first year of the First World War.	István Sándor	Szolnok
place of birth	Faruk Eczacıbaşı (Istanbul, 1954) is a Turkish businessman.	Faruk Eczacıbaşı	Istanbul
place of birth	Fedor Sokolov was born in Moscow, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union and was raised in Russia.	Fedor Sokolov	Moscow
place of birth	King Toffa I (c.1850-1908) was a ruler of the kingdom of Hogbonu, or Ajase, an area of Benin which today is known as Porto-Novo.	Toffa I	Porto-Novo
place of birth	Donald Crisp was born in Bow, London at the family home on 27 July 1882.	Donald Crisp	London
place of birth	Born in Marlborough, Massachusetts, Roy Nutt grew up in Glastonbury, Connecticut.	Roy Nutt	Marlborough
place of birth	Austin Kowal (born October 19, 1985) is an American artist and entrepreneur in Sarasota, Florida.	Austin Kowal	Sarasota
place of birth	Edmund Hlawka (November 5, 1916, Bruck an der Mur, Styria -- February 19, 2009) was an Austrian mathematician.	Edmund Hlawka	Bruck an der Mur
place of birth	Miss Understood (aka Alex Heimberg) is an American drag queen originally from Levittown, New York, who has been based in New York City since the late 1980s.	Miss Understood	New York City
place of birth	Shai Haddad (Hebrew: שי חדד‎; born 2 July 1987 in Ma'ale Adumim) is an Israeli footballer who is currently Hapoel Katamon Jerusalem.	Shai Haddad	Ma'ale Adumim
place of birth	Trevor Quow (born Peterborough, 28 September 1960) is an English former professional footballer.	Trevor Quow	Peterborough
place of birth	James Gordon Legge was born in Hackney, London, England on 15 August 1863, the eldest of eight sons.	James Gordon Legge	London
place of birth	Chris Kooy (born June 11, 1982 in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian soccer player who played for FC Edmonton in the North American Soccer League.	Chris Kooy	Saskatoon
place of birth	François-Marie-Benjamin Richard was born in 1819 in Nantes and was one of eleven children.	François-Marie-Benjamin Richard	Nantes
place of birth	Samantha James (born June 13, 1979) is an American dance-pop singer from Los Angeles known for her style of blending downtempo to uptempo dance music with soulful vocal styles.	Samantha James	Los Angeles
place of birth	Marco Saligari (born 18 May 1965 in Sesto San Giovanni) is a directeur sportif and former Italian road bicycle racer who raced during the 1990s.	Marco Saligari	Sesto San Giovanni
place of birth	Hall was born in Goshen, Connecticut, the son of Asaph Hall II (1800--42), a clockmaker, and Hannah Palmer (1804--80).	Asaph Hall	Goshen
place of birth	Benjamin Tupper, the youngest of eight children, was born in a precinct of Stoughton in Massachusetts, now a part of the town of Sharon, Massachusetts.	Benjamin Tupper	Sharon
place of birth	James Hamish Stuart (born 8 October 1949, Glasgow, Scotland) is a guitarist, bassist, singer, composer and record producer.	Hamish Stuart	Glasgow
place of birth	David Fray was born in Tarbes, near the Pyrenees.	David Fray	Tarbes
place of birth	Bernie Raymond Blom, known as Kevin Blom (born 21 February 1974 in Gouda), is a Dutch football referee, who officiates for FIFA and UEFA.	Kevin Blom	Gouda
place of birth	Nikolay Madoyan (born June 1, 1973, in Yerevan) is an Armenian-Jewish violinist.	Nikolay Madoyan	Yerevan
place of birth	Abdulbagi Zulalov, later known as Bulbuljan, was born in 1841 in Shusha (then part of the Russian Empire, nowadays in Azerbaijan).	Bulbuljan	Shusha
place of birth	Maggie Cheung Man-yuk (Chinese: 張曼玉; born 20 September 1964) is a Hong Kong actress.	Maggie Cheung	Hong Kong
place of birth	Kot Cho Wai (; born 16 December 1991 in Hong Kong), is a Hong Kong footballer who played for Hong Kong First Division League club Sunray Cave JC Sun Hei, as a centre midfielder or a Right midfielder.	Kot Cho Wai	Hong Kong
place of birth	He was the grandson of Alfred Cowles, Sr., who was a founder of the Chicago Tribune.	Alfred Cowles	Chicago
place of birth	Ivan Pilip (born 4 August 1963 in Prague) is a Czech politician and economist who was Finance Minister from June 1997 to July 1998, after having been the Minister of Education, Youth and Sport from 1994 to 1997.	Ivan Pilip	Prague
place of birth	Rafael Alves Targino (born 3 February 1989) most known as Rafael or Rafael Paraíba, is a Brazilian Striker who currently plays is free agent.	Rafael Alves Targino	Paraíba
place of birth	Alain Kirili lives and works in Paris and New York.	Alain Kirili	Paris
place of birth	Julius of Novara (Italian Giulio di Orta), also Julius of Aegina (died 401 AD) was a missionary priest to northern Italy.	Julius of Novara	Aegina
place of birth	Melissa Baker was born in Akron, Ohio, and grew up in nearby Cuyahoga Falls, graduating from Stow-Munroe Falls High School.	Melissa Baker	Akron
place of birth	Ivo Mattozzi (born June 6, 1940 in Pescara), is a Professor at the University of Bologna, he teaches Methodology and Teaching of History.	Ivo Mattozzi	Pescara
place of birth	Konstantinos Markoulakis, born in Athens in 1970, is a Greek actor.	Konstantinos Markoulakis	Athens
place of birth	Aaron Parks (born October 7, 1983, in Seattle, Washington) is a jazz pianist.	Aaron Parks	Seattle
place of birth	Laurence Overmire (born August 17, 1957, Rochester, NY) is an American poet, author, actor, educator, genealogist, peace activist, civil rights, human rights, and animal rights advocate and environmentalist.	Laurence Overmire	Rochester
place of birth	Rodrigo Frauches (born September 28, 1992 in São João de Meriti) is a Brazilian football Centre back who plays for Boavista, on loan from Flamengo.	Rodrigo Frauches	São João de Meriti
place of birth	Phil Carmen (born Herbert Hofmann, February 14, 1953 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Swiss musician and producer of Canadian heritage.	Phil Carmen	Montreal
place of birth	Edmond Tomić (born 10 November 1956 in Prizren, Kosovo, Yugoslavia) is a former football player.	Edmond Tomić	Prizren
place of birth	Kelis Rogers was born and raised in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.	Kelis	New York City
place of birth	Łukasz Parszczyński (born 4 May 1985 in Warsaw) is a Polish runner.	Łukasz Parszczyński	Warsaw
place of birth	John Perry Barlow was born in Sublette County, Wyoming to parents Norman Barlow, a Republican state legislator, and his wife, Miriam.	John Perry Barlow	Sublette County
place of birth	Scott Matthews, is a singer/songwriter from Wolverhampton, England.	Scott Matthews	Wolverhampton
place of birth	Liliane Chappuis (27 June 1955 in Fribourg -- 25 June 2007) was a Swiss politician from the Canton of Fribourg and member of the Swiss National Council (1999--2003 and 2007).	Liliane Chappuis	Fribourg
place of birth	Born in Detroit, Michigan, on October 16, 1927, Ray Johnson grew up in a working-class neighborhood and attended an occupational high school where he was enrolled in the advertising art program.	Ray Johnson	Detroit
place of birth	Celeste Headlee was born December 30, 1969, in Whittier, California, the daughter of Judith Anne Still, a writer, and Larry Headlee, a marine geologist.	Celeste Headlee	Whittier
place of birth	Austra Skujytė (born 12 August 1979 in Biržai) is a Lithuanian athlete, competing in both the heptathlon and the decathlon.	Austra Skujytė	Biržai
place of birth	Artūrs Vaičulis was born in Riga and as a kid he started playing football at his local youth club FK Auda.	Artūrs Vaičulis	Riga
place of birth	Thierry Escaich (born 8 May 1965 in Nogent-sur-Marne), is a French organist and composer.	Thierry Escaich	Nogent-sur-Marne
place of birth	Yelena Maglevannaya (Russian: Елена Маглеванная, born 15 December 1981) is a Russian free-lance journalist for the newspaper Svobodnoye Slovo, Free Speech, in Volgograd.	Yelena Maglevannaya	Volgograd
place of birth	Vincenzo Virga (born 11 September 1936 in Erice, Province of Trapani) is the boss of the Trapani Mafia family and mandamento since 1982, when the previous boss, Salvatore Minore, was murdered.	Vincenzo Virga	Trapani
place of birth	Vuk Sotirović (Serbian Cyrillic: Bук Coтиpoвић ;born July 13, 1982 in Belgrade) is a Serbian football striker who last played for Novi Pazar in Serbian SuperLiga.	Vuk Sotirović	Belgrade
place of birth	Nestoras Stefanidis (born 13 April 1984 in Kilkis) is a Greek footballer, playing for Agrotikos Asteras in the Greek Football League as a Centre Forward.	Nestoras Stefanidis	Kilkis
place of birth	Jorge Gomes Vieira (Lisbon, 23 November 1898 -- 6 August 1986), known as Jorge Vieira, was a Portuguese footballer.	Jorge Gomes Vieira	Lisbon
place of birth	Lei Clijsters was born on 6 November 1956 in Opitter, started his football career with local Opitter FC.	Lei Clijsters	Opitter
place of birth	Martin Jakš (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmarcɪn ˈjakʃ); born September 6, 1986 in Plzeň, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech cross country skier who has competed since 2004.	Martin Jakš	Plzeň
place of birth	Lucilla Agosti (born 8 September 1978 in Milan, Lombardy) is an Italian radio and television presenter and actress.	Lucilla Agosti	Milan
place of birth	Marcos Roberto Pereira dos Santos, usually known as Marcos (born 29 August 1979 in Salto, São Paulo) is a Brazilian football (soccer) striker.	Marcos Roberto Pereira dos Santos	Salto
place of birth	Harry Carmean (born August 5, 1922, in Anthony, Kansas) is an American painter known for his figurative paintings based on the work of the old masters.	Harry Carmean	Anthony, Kansas
place of birth	Deepti Bhatnagar was born in a Hindu Kayastha family from Meerut.	Deepti Bhatnagar	Meerut
place of birth	Stuart Weller (26 December 1870, Maine, New York -- 1927) was an American paleontologist and geologist.	Stuart Weller	Maine
place of birth	Lénora Guion-Firmin (born 7 August 1991 in La Trinité, Martinique) is a French athlete who competes in the sprint with a personal best time of 52.03 seconds at the 400 metres event.	Lénora Guion-Firmin	La Trinité
place of birth	Sonia Roco was born to then-Congressman Pablo Malasarte of Bilar and homemaker Petra Cubillo of Calape, Bohol.	Sonia Roco	Calape
place of birth	The daughter of Ferman and Eleanor Schoonover, Gloria Jean was born Gloria Jean Schoonover in Buffalo, New York.	Gloria Jean	Buffalo
place of birth	Darius McCollum (born 1965) is a New York City resident with a lengthy arrest record for crimes related to trains and the New York City Subway system.	Darius McCollum	New York City
place of birth	Stukely Westcott first appears on a public record when he was married in St. John's Church in Yeovil, Somerset, England on 5 October 1619 to Juliann Marchante; his marriage record indicated that he was from Ilminster, a town in Somerset about twelve miles west of Yeovil.	Stukely Westcott	Ilminster
place of birth	Émile Mayrisch's father was Edouard Mayrisch, a doctor at court, and his mother was Mathilde Metz, the daughter of Adolf Metz, and niece of Norbert Metz, an industrialist at Eich and Dommeldange, and a government minister.	Émile Mayrisch	Eich
place of birth	Miguel Ángel Asturias was born in Guatemala City on October 19, 1899, the first child of Ernesto Asturias Girón, a lawyer and judge, and María Rosales de Asturias, a schoolteacher.	Miguel Ángel Asturias	Guatemala City
place of birth	Ioan Igna (born June 4, 1940 in Timișoara) is a Romanian retired football referee.	Ioan Igna	Timișoara
place of birth	Hermann Zapf was born in Nuremberg during turbulent times marked by the German Revolution of 1918--1919 in Munich and Berlin, the end of World War I, the exile of Kaiser Wilhelm, and the establishment of Bavaria as a free state by Kurt Eisner.	Hermann Zapf	Nuremberg
place of birth	Otis Chandler (November 23, 1927 -- February 27, 2006) was the publisher of the Los Angeles Times between 1960 and 1980, leading a large expansion of the newspaper and its ambitions.	Otis Chandler	Los Angeles
place of birth	Ida Vitale (born 2 November 1923) is a prolific writer from Montevideo She played an important role in the Uruguayan art movement known as the 'Generation of 45':	Ida Vitale	Montevideo
place of birth	Andrew McNally (1838 -- 7 May 1904) was born in Armagh, Northern Ireland, and immigrated to New York City in 1857.	Andrew McNally	Armagh
place of birth	Adam Helmer was born in German Flatts, New York to Maria Barbara Kast, and George Friederich Helmer, who was born on June 9, 1706 in Neustadt an der Weinstrasse a city in the Rhineland-Palatinate region in southwestern Germany.	Adam Helmer	German Flatts, New York
place of birth	Rudolf Moroder-Lenèrt (26 January 1877 in Urtijëi, County of Tyrol -- 22 December 1914 in Radlow, Galicia) was an Austrian sculptor specializing in religious art, who was a member of the Moroder family of South Tyrol, which was notable for the many artists of repute they produced.	Rudolf Moroder-Lenèrt	Urtijëi
place of birth	Gianpiero Fiorani (Codogno, September 12, 1959), is an Italian banker and manager who was implicated in the Italian banking scandal of 2005 known as ``Bancopoli''.	Gianpiero Fiorani	Codogno
place of birth	Christoph von Marschall was born in 1959 in Freiburg im Breisgau.	Christoph von Marschall	Freiburg im Breisgau
place of birth	Even before participrating ``Miss Ukraine'' Lika Roman was engaged in several charity activities in her native city Uzhhorod.	Lika Roman	Uzhhorod
place of birth	Helen Lundeberg was born in Chicago in on June 24, 1908, the eldest child of second-generation Swedish parents.	Helen Lundeberg	Chicago
place of birth	Dietrich Weise (born 21 November 1934 in Gröben) is a German footballer and football manager.	Dietrich Weise	Gröben
place of birth	Joey Baron (born June 26, 1955 in Richmond, Virginia) is an American avant-garde jazz drummer probably best known for his work with Bill Frisell, Stan Getz, Steve Kuhn, and John Zorn.	Joey Baron	Richmond
place of birth	Joseph Hirsch (born 1910 - died 1981) was an American painter, who was born in Philadelphia.	Joseph Hirsch	Philadelphia
place of birth	Carah Faye Charnow (born August 3, 1984, in Santa Barbara, California) is an American singer and songwriter.	Carah Faye Charnow	Santa Barbara
place of birth	Birgit Schrowange (* 17 April 1958 in Nehden) is a German television presenter.	Birgit Schrowange	Nehden
place of birth	De Lange was born in Rotterdam, the son of Johanna Molijn and Samuel de Lange Sr., a music teacher and organist in Rotterdam.	Samuel de Lange	Rotterdam
place of birth	Nicola Beati (born 13 February 1983 in Perugia) is an Italian footballer who played for Crotone and now Foligno Calcio.	Nicola Beati	Perugia
place of birth	Luís Idorildo Netto da Cunha or simply Luisinho Netto (born April 6, 1974 in Cachoeira do Sul), is a Brazilian former right back.	Luisinho Netto	Cachoeira do Sul
place of birth	Chris Elley (born September 15, 1977 in San Antonio, Texas) is the founder and current Director of Austin, Texas-based film production company Electro-Fish Media Inc. He holds two Emmy awards and two additional nominations.	Chris Elley	San Antonio
place of birth	Dee Roscioli (born Danielle Marie Roscioli on July 20, 1977, in Easton, Pennsylvania) is an American singer and actress, who is known for her performances as Elphaba in the Broadway, Chicago, San Francisco, and national touring productions of the musical Wicked.	Dee Roscioli	Easton
place of birth	Stephen Sommers was born in Indianapolis, Indiana, and grew up in St. Cloud, Minnesota, where he attended St. Cloud Apollo High School.	Stephen Sommers	Indianapolis
place of birth	Tommaso de Pra (born 16 December 1938 at Mortara) is a former Italian professional road bicycle racer.	Tommaso de Pra	Mortara
place of birth	Luís Alimbrot (1400s -- 1460s), was a Netherlandish painter from Bruges who is known for his work in Spain.	Luís Alimbrot	Bruges
place of birth	Dorothy Burgess (March 4, 1907 -- August 20, 1961) was a stage and motion picture actress from Los Angeles.	Dorothy Burgess	Los Angeles
place of birth	Paul Rolland, né Pali Reisman (November 21, 1911, Budapest -- November 9, 1978, Illinois), was a violist and an influential American violin teacher who concentrated on the pedagogy of teaching fundamentals to beginning string students.	Paul Rolland	Budapest
place of birth	Born Helen Marguerite Clark in Avondale, Cincinnati, Ohio, she was the third child of Augustus ``Gus'' James and Helen Elizabeth Clark.	Marguerite Clark	Avondale, Cincinnati
place of birth	Giovan Battista Bellaso (Brescia 1505--...) was an Italian cryptologist.	Giovan Battista Bellaso	Brescia
place of birth	Dragotin Cvetko was born in Vučja Vas, a village in Styria, Austria-Hungary.	Dragotin Cvetko	Vučja Vas
place of birth	Ken Flaton (June 28, 1940 -- November 7, 2004) was an American professional poker player who was born in New York City, New York and settled in Henderson, Nevada after serving in the US Army.	Ken Flaton	New York City
place of birth	Keen was born in Philadelphia on January 19, 1837, the son of William Williams Keen, Sr. (1797-1882) and Susan Budd.	William Williams Keen	Philadelphia
place of birth	Alain Sutter (born 22 January 1968 in Bern) was one of the most successful Swiss football players during the 1990s.	Alain Sutter	Bern
place of birth	Peter Lübeke (born 26 November 1952 in Perleberg) is a retired German footballer who played for Hamburg, Saarbrücken, Bayer Uerdingen, Hércules CF, Ajax and Eintracht Braunschweig.	Peter Lübeke	Perleberg
place of birth	Milton McCrory (born February 7, 1962 in Detroit, MI) was a professional boxer in the welterweight (147lb) division.	Milton McCrory	Detroit
place of birth	Gianmarco Ingrosso (born 28 January 1989 in Gagliano del Capo) is an Italian professional footballer who currently plays for Matera in the Lega Pro/C.	Gianmarco Ingrosso	Gagliano del Capo
place of birth	Rüştü Reçber (pronounced (ˈɾyʃty ˈɾetʃbeɾ); born 10 May 1973 in Korkuteli) is a retired Turkish international footballer and a current sports executive.	Rüştü Reçber	Korkuteli
place of birth	Mahmoud el-Meliguy was born to a Muslim family in the Megharbleen district in Cairo from a family of Kurdish origins.	Mahmoud el-Meliguy	Cairo
place of birth	Luigi Giuliano (born 1949) is a former Italian Camorrista who was the boss of the powerful Giuliano clan, based in the district of Forcella, Naples.	Luigi Giuliano	Naples
place of birth	Fabrice Poullain (born August 27, 1962 in Alençon) is a French former professional football (soccer) player.	Fabrice Poullain	Alençon
place of birth	Teejan Bai (born 24 April 1956) is an exponent of Pandavani, a traditional performing art form, from Chhattisgarh, in which she enacts tales from the Mahabharata, with musical accompaniments.	Teejan Bai	Chhattisgarh
place of birth	Nicolas Gessner (born 17 August 1931, in Budapest, Hungary) is a Hungarian-born film maker who mostly worked in France.	Nicolas Gessner	Budapest
place of birth	Max Beckschäfer (born 23 February 1952 in Münster) is a German organist, composer and academic.	Max Beckschäfer	Münster
place of birth	Katy Wix (born 28 February 1980 in Cardiff) is a Welsh actress and comedian.	Katy Wix	Cardiff
place of birth	Ilze Jaunalksne (born: November 19, 1976 in Jūrmala) is a Latvian journalist and was an anchor for the current affairs program De Facto.	Ilze Jaunalksne	Jūrmala
place of birth	Martin Stapleton (born 9 May 1983 in Rochdale, England), is an English mixed martial artist who competes in the Lightweight division.	Martin Stapleton	Rochdale
place of birth	Franz Johannes Wilhelm Weskamm was born in Helsen near Arolsen, roughly 175 km (110 miles) north of Frankfurt.	Wilhelm Weskamm	Helsen
place of birth	Leopoldo Dante Tévez (born March 22, 1942), known as Leo Dan, is an Argentine composer and singer born in Villa Atamisqui, Santiago del Estero Province.	Leo Dan	Villa Atamisqui
place of birth	Klaus Täuber (born 17 January 1958 in Erlangen) is a retired German footballer who played for and SpVgg Erlangen, 1.	Klaus Täuber	Erlangen
place of birth	Aleksandar Jevtić (Serbian Cyrillic: Aлекcaндap Jeвтић) was born March 30, 1985 in Šabac and is a Serbian football striker who is currently playing for Jagodina.	Aleksandar Jevtić	Šabac
place of birth	Andrew Curry (born 2 July 1972, Melbourne) is an Australian comedian and actor who has appeared in many television drama and comedy series, and in feature films.	Andrew Curry	Melbourne
place of birth	Bayano Kamani (born 17 April 1980 in Houston, Texas) is a Panamanian hurdler who specialises in the 400 metres hurdles.	Bayano Kamani	Houston
place of birth	Florian Dombois (born 1966 in Berlin) is an artist who focuses on time, landforms, labilities, seismic and tectonic activity, as well as on their various representational and media formats.	Florian Dombois	Berlin
place of birth	Lulinha was born in Mauá, a Brazilian municipality in the State of São Paulo.	Lulinha	Mauá
place of birth	Susie Fishbein was born in Oceanside, New York and raised in a strictly kosher home.	Susie Fishbein	Oceanside
place of birth	Cheryl Benard (born in 1953 in New Orleans, United States) is an adjunct researcher with the RAND Corporation and President of ARCH International, a DC-based non-profit research and advocacy organization dedicated to the support of cultural activism in all situations of post-conflict.	Cheryl Benard	New Orleans
place of birth	Georgia Glastris (August 1, 1992) in Chicago, USA is a Greek figure skater.	Georgia Glastris	Chicago
place of birth	Salvatore Rampone (born May 1, 1962 in Benevento) is an Italian scientist and bodybuilder.	Salvatore Rampone	Benevento
place of birth	Israel Davidson (1870, Jonava, Lithuania - 1939, Great Neck, New York) was an American Jewish writer and publisher and has been recognized as one of the leading American Hebrew writers in his era.	Israel Davidson	Jonava
place of birth	Emanuel Schreiber (December 13, 1852--1932) was an American rabbi born at Leipnik, Moravia.	Emanuel Schreiber	Moravia
place of birth	Baron Marc Bossuyt (born 9 January 1944 in Ghent) is a member of the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague and a former judge at the Belgian Constitutional Court.	Marc Bossuyt	Ghent
place of birth	Annie Hall Cudlip was born Annie Hall Thomas, the only daughter of George Thomas, in Aldeburgh, Suffolk, on 25 October 1838.	Annie Hall Cudlip	Aldeburgh
place of birth	Yin Tiesheng (simplified Chinese: 殷铁生; traditional Chinese: 殷鐵生; pinyin: Yīn Tiěshēng; born August 16, 1956 in Jinan, Shandong, China) is a Chinese football coach and a former player.	Yin Tiesheng	Jinan
place of birth	Massimo Liverani (born September 19, 1961) is an Italian rally driver and co-driver born in Rocca San Casciano.	Massimo Liverani	Rocca San Casciano
place of birth	Peter Mars (born 1959 in Portland, Oregon) is an American artist with ties to both the Pop Art and Outsider Art movements.	Peter Mars	Portland
place of birth	Lorenzo Bertini (born 1 June 1976 in Pontedera) is an Italian rower.	Lorenzo Bertini	Pontedera
place of birth	Avraham Shapira (Hebrew: אברהם אלקנה כהנא שפירא‎; 20 May 1914, Jerusalem -- 27 September 2007) was a prominent rabbi in the Religious Zionist world.	Avraham Shapira	Jerusalem
place of birth	Charlie Dawes (born 13 September 1995) is an English footballer who most recently played for Chesterfield as a Forward.	Charlie Dawes	Chesterfield
place of birth	Nigel Marples (born November 3, 1985 in Delta, British Columbia) is an English-Canadian football player and coach.	Nigel Marples	Delta, British Columbia
place of birth	Mathieu Chantelois (born July 4, 1973 in Montreal) is a Canadian television personality and magazine editor.	Mathieu Chantelois	Montreal
place of birth	Laurence Kinlan (born 3 February 1983 in Dublin, Ireland) is an Irish actor in films, television series and on theatre stage.	Laurence Kinlan	Dublin
place of birth	Born in Palma, Majorca, Rafita made his senior debuts with local RCD Mallorca's reserves in the third division.	Rafita	Palma
place of birth	Reginald Bretnor himself was born in Vladivostok, Russia.	Reginald Bretnor	Vladivostok
place of birth	Sergio Pitol Deméneghi (born 18 March 1933 in Puebla) is a prominent Mexican writer, translator and diplomat.	Sergio Pitol	Puebla
place of birth	Anne Maeve Binchy was born on 28 May 1939 in Dalkey, the oldest of the four children of William and Maureen (née Blackmore) Binchy.	Maeve Binchy	Dalkey
place of birth	Redol was born in Vila Franca de Xira to António Redol da Cruz, shopkeeper, and Inocência Alves Redol.	Alves Redol	Vila Franca de Xira
place of birth	Ira Newborn (born December 26, 1949 in New York City) is an American musician and composer, best known for his work composing motion picture soundtracks.	Ira Newborn	New York City
place of birth	Jannich Storch began his youth career at his hometown club of Helsinge Fodbold, where he was later picked up by Superliga team F.C. Nordsjælland in February 2009.	Jannich Storch	Helsinge
place of birth	Elizaveta Axenova (born 11 September 1995 in Krasnoyarsk) is a Russian-born Kazakhstani luger.	Elizaveta Axenova	Krasnoyarsk
place of birth	Joe Sherlock was born in Kildorrery, County Cork and was educated at the local national school.	Joe Sherlock	Kildorrery
place of birth	Born in Quibdó, Chocó, Francisco Maturana moved with his family at an early age to the city of Medellín.	Francisco Maturana	Quibdó
place of birth	Born in Barnstaple to a family of actors, British motion picture director Walter Summers began his career in the family trade; his first contact with filmmaking was as an assistant to American director George Loane Tucker, who worked for the English London Films unit from 1914 to 1916.	Walter Summers	Barnstaple
place of birth	Jennifer Hammon was born in Orlando, Florida and attended Winter Park High School in the early 1990s and was a member of International Thespian Society Troupe 850 (other notable alums include Amanda Bearse, Billy Gardell, and Ben Rock from The Blair Witch Project).	Jennifer Hammon	Winter Park
place of birth	Charlie Ahearn (born 1951 in Binghamton, New York) is an American film director and creative cultural artist living in New York City.	Charlie Ahearn	Binghamton
place of birth	Marie-Sissi Labrèche (born 1969 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian writer, most noted as the cowriter of the 2008 film Borderline.	Marie-Sissi Labrèche	Montreal
place of birth	Georgios Sikalias (Greek: Γεώργιος Σικαλιάς; born 25 March 1986 in Athens) is a Greek footballer currently playing for Karaiskakis FC.	Georgios Sikalias	Athens
place of birth	Born in Paris, Patrick Ali Pahlavi is the son of Prince Ali Reza Pahlavi and his wife Christiane Cholewski, a Frenchwoman, although no record of his parents' 20 November 1946 wedding in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, France, is on official record there.	Patrick Ali Pahlavi	Paris
place of birth	Wing Young Huie is an American photographer born in Duluth, Minnesota in 1955.	Wing Young Huie	Duluth
place of birth	Cees Lok (Emmeloord, 18 August 1966) is a former Dutch professional footballer, football trainer and now technical manager.	Cees Lok	Emmeloord
place of birth	Gustaf Munch-Petersen grew up in a rich and respectable home; he was son of Valfrid Palmgren, a Swedish born Associate Professor in Swedish at Copenhagen University and Jon Julius Munch-Petersen, Professor in Engineering Research at the Polytechnic School.	Gustaf Munch-Petersen	Copenhagen
place of birth	John Ledford (born August 19, 1968 in Houston, Texas) is a creative entrepreneur and business pioneer in the American anime industry.	John Ledford	Houston
place of birth	Annick Thoumazeau (born in Fréjus in 1960) is a French singer.	Annick Thoumazeau	Fréjus
place of birth	Friedrich Ehmann's birthplace in the Kingdom of Württemberg can be deduced by its custom of awarding their military medals solely to their own citizens.	Friedrich Ehmann	Kingdom of Württemberg
place of birth	Shari Watson (born October 10, 1971, St. Louis, Missouri), known as Truth Hurts, is an American Contemporary R&B singer-songwriter.	Truth Hurts	St. Louis
place of birth	Frederica Jansz is a Sri Lankan journalist and former editor of The Sunday Leader, during her period of employment she was highly critical of Sri Lanka's government and was subject to frequent intimidation and harassment and to acts of arson.	Frederica Jansz	Sri Lanka
place of birth	Christer Lindarw, born 3 March 1953 in Eskilstuna, Södermanlands län, is a Swedish clothes designer, drag queen entertainer, and the leader of dragshow group After Dark.	Christer Lindarw	Eskilstuna
place of birth	Stewart Petrie (born 27 February 1970 in Dundee, Scotland) is a Scottish football player and coach.	Stewart Petrie	Dundee
place of birth	Pompilio Cacho Valerio (born 22 December 1976 in Tela) is a former Honduran football player who plays as forward.	Pompilio Cacho	Tela
place of birth	Gwen ferch Ellis (lit. trans. ``Gwen the daughter of Ellis'') was born around 1542 in Llandyrnog in the Vale of Clwyd.	Gwen ferch Ellis	Llandyrnog
place of birth	Adel Habib Beldi (Arabic: عادل حبيب بلدي‎, born July 9, 1994 lin Annaba) is an Algerian football player.	Adel Habib Beldi	Annaba
place of birth	Lin Di (Chinese: 林笛; pinyin: Lín Dí; born 1975 in Shanghai) is a Chinese musician, composer, and vocalist.	Lin Di	Shanghai
place of birth	Esin Hakaj (born 12 December 1996 in Shkodër) is an Albanian football player who plays as a left back for Vllaznia Shkodër in the Albanian Superliga.	Esin Hakaj	Shkodër
place of birth	Sven Pettersson (born July 24, 1927 in Härnösand) is a Swedish ski jumper who competed in the 1950s.	Sven Pettersson	Härnösand
place of birth	John Caradja or John George Caradja (Greek: Ἰωάννης Γεώργιος Καρατζάς, Ioannis Georgios Karatzas; Romanian: Ioan Gheorghe Caragea; French: Jean Georges Caradja; 1754, Constantinople -- 1844, Athens) was a Phanariote Prince of Wallachia, who reigned between 1812 and 1818.	John Caradja	Constantinople
place of birth	Andreas Perlach, also known as Andreas Perlacher and Andreas Perlachius ex Wittschein Stiriensis, (1490--1551) was born in Svečina, in the Habsburg empire (now in Slovenia).	Andreas Perlach	Svečina
place of birth	Femi Emiola was born in Iowa City, Iowa to a Filipina mother and a Nigerian father, then both PhD candidates at the University of Iowa.	Femi Emiola	Iowa City
place of birth	George Brittain (born 1821, Chester, England) was Locomotive Superintendent of the Caledonian Railway from 1876 to 1882, between Benjamin Connor and Dugald Drummond.	George Brittain	Chester
place of birth	Born in Beijing, Jean Pasqualini was the son of a Chinese mother and a Corsican French father.	Jean Pasqualini	Beijing
place of birth	Alain Pellet (born 2 January 1947) teaches international law and international economic law at the Université de Paris Ouest - Nanterre La Défense.	Alain Pellet	Paris
place of birth	Josh Alan Friedman (born February 22, 1956) is an American musician, writer, editor and journalist, who has worked in New York and Dallas.	Josh Alan Friedman	New York
place of birth	Corporal Sidney William Ware, VC, was born in November 1892 at Whatcombe in the Parish of Winterborne Whitechurch, Dorset.	Sidney William Ware	Winterborne Whitechurch
place of birth	Themis Rigas (Greek: Θέμης Ρήγας) (born 1945 - died 13 January 1984), popularly nicknamed The Train, is a former Greek footballer (winger) born in Patras.	Themis Rigas	Patras
place of birth	André Alexis (born 15 January 1957 in Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago) is a Canadian writer who grew up in Ottawa and currently lives in Toronto, Ontario.	André Alexis	Trinidad and Tobago
place of birth	Philemon Holland, born at Chelmsford, Essex, in 1552, was the son of John Holland (d.1578), a member of the same Norfolk family as John Holland, 1st Baron Holland (1603--1701).	Philemon Holland	Chelmsford
place of birth	Arturo Naón (born 31 December 1912 in La Plata, died 5 May 1999) was an Argentine football (soccer) striker.	Arturo Naón	La Plata
place of birth	Heinz Felfe was born in Dresden, in the southern part of what was then the central part of Germany.	Heinz Felfe	Dresden
place of birth	Paul Marek, (born 25 July 1964 in Mount Isa), Australian politician, was the National Party member of the Australian House of Representatives from 2 March 1996 until 3 October 1998, representing the Division of Capricornia, Queensland.	Paul Marek	Mount Isa
place of birth	Victor Santiago, Jr. (born September 6, 1977), best known by his stage names Noreaga and N.O.R.E., is an American hip hop and reggaeton recording artist from Queens, New York City.	N.O.R.E.	New York City
place of birth	After completing secondary school in Verdun in 1924, Marcel Baltazard began studying medicine in Paris, determined to become a clinician.	Marcel Baltazard	Verdun
place of birth	Frank Monte (June 21, 1931 in South Philadelphia -- May 13, 1982 in South Philadelphia) was a member of the Philadelphia crime family.	Frank Monte	South Philadelphia
place of birth	Francisco Rafael Arellano Félix was born in Culiacán, Sinaloa, on 24 October 1949, to Benjamín Francisco Arellano Sánchez (father) and Norma Alicia Félix Zazueta (mother).	Francisco Rafael Arellano Félix	Culiacán
place of birth	Anders Holmertz (born 1 December 1968 in Motala) is a Swedish retired swimmer who was a leader in freestyle (200 and 400 meters) races in the 1980s and at the beginning of the 1990s, though often missing personal success.	Anders Holmertz	Motala
place of birth	Giuseppe Tellera (March 14, 1882 in Bologna -- February 7, 1941) was a general in the Italian Army during World War II.	Giuseppe Tellera	Bologna
place of birth	Christopher Randolph (born 1959 in Boston, Massachusetts) is an American actor known for providing the English voice for Hal ``Otacon'' Emmerich and his father, Dr. ``Huey'' Emmerich, in the Metal Gear series.	Christopher Randolph	Boston
place of birth	Victor Löw (born 25 August 1962 in Amsterdam; originally Victor Löwenstein), is a Dutch actor.	Victor Löw	Amsterdam
place of birth	James Monk was born in 1745 at Boston, Massachusetts, and christened at King's Chapel.	James Monk	Boston
place of birth	Derek Tsang Kwok-cheung (曾國祥), (born 8 November 1979 in Wuhua, Guangdong, China) is a Hong Kong actor, film director.	Derek Tsang	Guangdong
place of birth	Anna Clyne (born 9 March 1980, London) is a British-born composer, now resident in the USA.	Anna Clyne	London
place of birth	Roy Maloy (born Roy Timothy McPherson, 27 October 1975 in Melbourne, Victoria), is an Australian stilt walker, fire breather, stunt performer, and the holder of several records.	Roy Maloy	Melbourne
place of birth	Elliott Sharp (born March 1, 1951 in Cleveland, Ohio) is an American classical multi-instrumentalist, composer, and performer.	Elliott Sharp	Cleveland
place of birth	Cazale was born in Revere, Massachusetts to an Irish-American mother, Cecilia (née Holland), and an Italian-American father, John Cazale.	John Cazale	Revere
place of birth	Juan Esteban Ortiz (Medellín, August 29, 1987) is a Colombian professional footballer who plays in Major League Soccer for FC Dallas as a midfielder.	Juan Esteban Ortiz	Medellín
place of birth	Chardón (birth name: Carlos Fernando Chardón Palacios) was born in Ponce, Puerto Rico, to Carlos Felix Chardón and Isabel Palacios Pelletier.	Carlos Fernando Chardón	Ponce
place of birth	Esther Béjarano (born 15 December 1924 in Saarlouis) and Anita Lasker Wallfisch are among the last survivors of the Women's Orchestra of Auschwitz.	Esther Béjarano	Saarlouis
place of birth	Jochen Behle (born 7 July 1960 in Korbach, Hesse) is a former (West) German cross-country skier who competed from 1982 to 1998.	Jochen Behle	Korbach
place of birth	Joe Lizura was born in Perth Amboy, New Jersey in 1961 and was raised in Piscataway, New Jersey.	Joe Lizura	Perth Amboy, New Jersey
place of birth	Valery Kobzarenko (born 5 February 1977 in Kiev, Ukraine) is a professional track and road bicycle racer who currently rides for the Suren Cycling Team.	Valery Kobzarenko	Kiev
place of birth	Sue Casey (born April 8, 1926, in Los Angeles, California) is an American actress and Hollywood extra who appeared in over 85 productions between the years 1945 and 2002.	Sue Casey	Los Angeles
place of birth	Rickard Olsson, (born 7 February 1967 in Gävle) is a Swedish television and radio presenter.	Rickard Olsson	Gävle
place of birth	Leandro Guaita (born 19 May 1986 in La Plata) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays as a Winger for CD Vida in the Liga Nacional de Honduras, who is the first and highest division of football in Honduras.	Leandro Guaita	La Plata
place of birth	Hilsman was born on November 23, 1919, in Waco, Texas the son of Roger Hilsman, Sr., a career officer with the United States Army, and Emma Prendergast Hilsman.	Roger Hilsman	Waco
place of birth	David Shilling was born in London in 1956 and attended St Paul's School, London.	David Shilling	London
place of birth	Fauja Singh was born in Beas Pind, Jalandhar, Punjab, British India on 1 April 1911, the youngest of four children.	Fauja Singh	Jalandhar
place of birth	Frank Wild was born in Skelton-in-Cleveland, North Riding of Yorkshire, the eldest of eight sons and three daughters born to schoolteacher Benjamin Wild and his seamstress wife Mary (née Cook).	Frank Wild	Skelton
place of birth	Tom Pappas (born September 6, 1976 in Azalea, Oregon) is an American track & field decathlete.	Tom Pappas	Azalea
place of birth	Synan Braddish (born 27 January 1958, Finglas, County Dublin, Republic of Ireland) is a former Irish footballer who spent most of his career playing in the League of Ireland, most notably with Dundalk.	Synan Braddish	Finglas
place of birth	Miroslav Singer (born 14 May 1968, Prague) is a Czech economist and currently (from 1 July 2010) the Governor of the Czech National Bank.	Miroslav Singer	Prague
place of birth	Ariane Lavigne (born 8 October 1984 at Sainte-Agathe-des-Monts, Quebec) is a Canadian snowboarder.	Ariane Lavigne	Sainte-Agathe-des-Monts
place of birth	Dan Chiasson (born May 9, 1971, in Burlington, Vermont) is an American poet, critic, and journalist.	Dan Chiasson	Burlington
place of birth	New York City proclaimed July 25, 1995 as Gloria Lynne Day.	Gloria Lynne	New York City
place of birth	Song Zhiwei (Chinese: 宋志伟; Pinyin: Sòng Zhìwěi; born 19 March 1989 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for China League One side Wuhan Zall.	Song Zhiwei	Dalian
place of birth	Born in Conceição do Araguaia, Pará, Victor Oliveira graduated with Corinthians' youth setup.	Victor Oliveira	Conceição do Araguaia
place of birth	Will Marion Cook (né William Mercer Cook) was born in Washington, D.C. to John Hartwell Cook, dean of the Howard University School of Law, and his wife, Isabel.	Will Marion Cook	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Bai Jiajun (Chinese: 柏佳骏; Pinyin: Bǎi Jiājùn; born 20 March 1991) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Shanghai Shenhua as a left back or center back.	Bai Jiajun	Shanghai
place of birth	Hanna Tetteh was born in Szeged, Hungary to a Ghanaian father and Hungarian mother.	Hanna Tetteh	Szeged
place of birth	Baby Dee (born 1953) is an American performance artist, multi-instrumentalist, and singer-songwriter from Cleveland, Ohio.	Baby Dee	Cleveland
place of birth	Krishnan Guru-Murthy (born Sri Krishnan Guru-Murthy, 5 April 1970 in Liverpool, Merseyside) is a journalist on Channel 4.	Krishnan Guru-Murthy	Liverpool
place of birth	Yuri Kara was born on 12 November 1954 in the Ukrainian city of Stalino, which is now called Donetsk.	Yuri Kara	Donetsk
place of birth	Stefania Pirozzi (born 16 December 1993 in Benevento) is an Italian swimmer who competes in the Women's 400m individual medley.	Stefania Pirozzi	Benevento
place of birth	João Batista Casemiro Marques (born March 4, 1975 in Santana de Cataguases) is a Brazilian-Turkish footballer player for Mersin İdmanyurdu.	João Batista Casemiro Marques	Cataguases
place of birth	Svetlana Grankovskaya (also spelt Svetlana Grankovskaia, born 22 February 1976) is an Ukrainian track racing cyclist from Kharkiv, and four times world champion.	Svetlana Grankovskaya	Kharkiv
place of birth	Gregory Goodwin Pincus was born in Woodbine, New Jersey, into a Jewish family, the son of Polish-born immigrants Elizabeth (née Lipman) and Joseph Pincus, an agriculture teacher.	Gregory Goodwin Pincus	Woodbine, New Jersey
place of birth	Pierre Quantin (born in Fervaques, Calvados, 19 June 1759 - died 7 February 1824) was a French general.	Pierre Quantin	Fervaques
place of birth	Monique Noirot (born Wideman on 10 October 1941 at Talence) is a former French athlete who specialised in the 400 meters.	Monique Noirot	Talence
place of birth	Iosi Havilio (born in Buenos Aires, 1974) is an Argentine author.	Iosi Havilio	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Frie Leysen (born in Hasselt in 1950) is a Belgian festival director.	Frie Leysen	Hasselt
place of death	Wolfgang Rauchfuß (27 November 1931, in Grüna -- 15 August 2005, in Berlin) was a member of the Politburo of East Germany's ruling SED (party).	Wolfgang Rauchfuß	Berlin
place of death	Władysław Santarius (also known as Vladislav Santarius) (12 November 1915 in Stonava, Austrian Silesia -- 5 June 1989 in Havířov, Czechoslovakia) was a Polish Lutheran Evangelical pastor, one of the most significant Christian leaders in Czechoslovakia during the Communist era.	Władysław Santarius	Havířov
place of death	Sander Thoenes (November 7, 1968 -- September 21, 1999) was a Dutch journalist who was killed, near Dili in East Timor, by soldiers of Indonesian army.	Sander Thoenes	Dili
place of death	Johann Georg Holtzhey (1729, Amsterdam -- 1808, Amsterdam), was an 18th-century Dutch medallist and mint master.	Johann Georg Holtzhey	Amsterdam
place of death	A native of Saint Petersburg, Bruno Freindlich began his career as an actor performing for audiences of children.	Bruno Freindlich	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Iwan Martua Lokot Dongan Simatupang, more commonly known as Iwan Simatupang (18 January 1928 in Sibolga, North Sumatra -- 4 August 1970 in Jakarta, Indonesia) was an Indonesian novelist, poet and essayist.	Iwan Simatupang	Jakarta
place of death	Michel Seurat was a sociologist and researcher at the CNRS, born 14 August 1947 in Tunisia and died in Beirut in 1986.	Michel Seurat	Beirut
place of death	Francisco Cervantes de Salazar (1514? -- 1575) was a Spanish man of letters and rector of the Royal and Pontifical University of Mexico, founded in 1551.	Francisco Cervantes de Salazar	Mexico
place of death	Angela Gregory (October 18, 1903 -- February 13, 1990) was an American sculptor and professor of art. Born in New Orleans, Louisiana, Gregory has been called the doyenne of Louisiana sculpture.	Angela Gregory	New Orleans
place of death	Eustorgius II (Italian: Eustorgio) was Archbishop of Milan from c. 511 to 518.	Eustorgius II	Milan
place of death	Nikolay Breshko-Breshkovsky (Russian: Никола́й Никола́евич Бре́шко-Брешко́вский, also transcribed as Nikolaĭ Brechko-Brechkovskiĭ etc.; 20 (O.S. 8) February 1874, Saint Petersburg -- 23/24 August 1943, Berlin) was a Russian writer, a son of the renowned revolutionary Catherine Breshkovsky.	Nikolay Breshko-Breshkovsky	Berlin
place of death	Mario Ardissone (born 9 October 1900 in Vercelli; died in 1975) was an Italian football player.	Mario Ardissone	Vercelli
place of death	Antonio Dusi was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, mainly active in Brescia.	Antonio Dusi	Brescia
place of death	Simon Fraser, 11th Lord Lovat (c. 1667 -- 9 April 1747, London), was a Scottish Jacobite and Chief of Clan Fraser of Lovat, who was famous for his violent feuding and his changes of allegiance.	Simon Fraser, 11th Lord Lovat	London
place of death	Wilhelm von Lenz (born 20 May 1809 in Riga - died 7 January 1883 in Saint Petersburg) was a Baltic German Russian official and writer.	Wilhelm von Lenz	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Maria Treben née Günzel (27 September 1907, Žatec, Bohemia - 26 July 1991, Grieskirchen, Austria) was an Austrian author and herbalist who came to fame in the 1980s for her books.	Maria Treben	Grieskirchen
place of death	On October 14, 2006, Nancy Lynn was flying her Extra Flugzeugbau GMBH 300 in the Culpeper Airfest at the Culpeper Regional Airport (CJR), Culpeper, Virginia.	Nancy Lynn	Culpeper
place of death	Tomislav Ladan (25 June 1932 -- 12 September 2008, Zagreb, Croatia) was a Croatian essayist, critic, translator and novelist.	Tomislav Ladan	Zagreb	Croatia
place of death	Gilardo Gilardi (May 25, 1889 - January 16, 1963) was an Argentine composer, pianist, and conductor who was the eponym of the Gilardo Gilardi Conservatory of Music in La Plata, Buenos Aires.	Gilardo Gilardi	Buenos Aires
place of death	Bernardo de Iturriaza (1608, Ezcaray, La Rioja, Spain -- 1678, Lima) was a Spanish judge and colonial official.	Bernardo de Iturriaza	Lima
place of death	Giovanni Martino or Giovanni Martini, also known as John Martin (1852, Sala Consilina - 24 December 1922, New York City) was an Italian-American soldier and trumpeter.	Giovanni Martino	New York City
place of death	Emil Seckel (10 January 1864, Neuenheim bei Heidelberg -- 26 April 1924, Todtmoos) was a German jurist, law historian.	Emil Seckel	Todtmoos
place of death	György Györffy (Szucság (Romanian: Suceagu), 26 September 1917 -- Budapest, 19 December 2000) was a Hungarian historian, and member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences (Hungarian: MTA).	György Györffy	Budapest
place of death	William Burgess Pryer (7 March 1843 in London, England; -- 7 January 1899 in Suez, Egypt) was the first British Resident in North Borneo and the founder of the modern Sandakan.	William Burgess Pryer	Suez
place of death	Gustav Schönleber (born December 3, 1851 in Bietigheim, died February 1, 1917 in Karlsruhe) was a German landscape painter.	Gustav Schönleber	Karlsruhe
place of death	Henri-Pierre Picou (Nantes 27 February 1824 -- 17 July 1895) was a French painter.	Henri-Pierre Picou	Nantes
place of death	Haroun Tazieff (Warsaw, 11 May 1914 -- Paris, 2 February 1998) was a French volcanologist and geologist.	Haroun Tazieff	Paris
place of death	Oswalt Kolle (2 October 1928, Kiel -- 24 September 2010, Amsterdam) was a German sex educator, who became famous during the late 1960s and early 1970s for his numerous pioneering books and films on human sexuality.	Oswalt Kolle	Amsterdam
place of death	Jakob Erdheim (24 May 1874, Boryslav, Galicia -- 18 April 1937, Vienna) was an Austrian pathologist.	Jakob Erdheim	Vienna
place of death	Hans Gerle (c.1500, Nuremberg - 1570, Nuremberg) was a German lutenist and arranger of the Renaissance.	Hans Gerle	Nuremberg
place of death	Canada Lee was born Leonard Lionel Cornelius Canegata on March 3, 1907, in New York City.	Canada Lee	New York City
place of death	Lorenzo Panepinto (January 4, 1865 in Santo Stefano Quisquina -- May 16, 1911 in Santo Stefano Quisquina) was an Italian politician and teacher.	Lorenzo Panepinto	Santo Stefano Quisquina
place of death	Turgut Atakol (1915 in Istanbul, Turkey -- April 9, 1988 in Istanbul) was a Turkish basketball player, referee and sports official.	Turgut Atakol	Istanbul
place of death	Christoph Amberger (c. 1505 -- 1562) was a painter of Augsburg in the 16th century, a disciple of Hans Holbein, his principal work being the history of Joseph in twelve pictures.	Christoph Amberger	Augsburg
place of death	Jules-Jean Ravel (6 March 1901, Guillaumes - 19 June 1986, Nice), was a Communist politician and trade union organizer in Nice, France.	Jules-Jean Ravel	Nice
place of death	Te-ongsi Sirijunga Xin Thebe was an 18th-century Limbu scholar, educator, historian, linguist, leader, and philosopher of Limbuwan and Sikkim.	Te-ongsi Sirijunga Xin Thebe	Sikkim
place of death	Napoléon Henri Reber (21 October 1807, Mulhouse, Alsace -- 24 November 1880, Paris) was a French composer.	Napoléon Henri Reber	Paris
place of death	Hugo Fregonese (April 8, 1908, Mendoza -- January 17, 1987, Buenos Aires) was an Argentine film director who worked both in Hollywood and Argentina.	Hugo Fregonese	Buenos Aires
place of death	Zdenek of Sternberg (rarely Zdeněk of Šternberk, Czech: Zdeněk Konopišťský ze Šternberka, b. 1410 - d. December 4, 1476 in Wiener Neustadt) was a Bohemian noble, diplomat and politician from the Sternberg (Czech: Šternberk) family.	Zdeněk of Šternberk	Wiener Neustadt
place of death	William V. Skall (October 5, 1897, Chicago -- March 22, 1976, Los Angeles) was an American cinematographer who specialized in Technicolor.	William V. Skall	Los Angeles
place of death	Gustav Kafka (July 23, 1883, Vienna -- February 12, 1953, Veitshöchheim bei Würzburg) was an Austrian philosopher, psychologist.	Gustav Kafka	Veitshöchheim
place of death	Rabbi Yisroel ben Ze'ev Wolf Lipkin, also known as ``Yisroel Salanter'' or ``Israel Salanter'' (November 3, 1810, Zhagory -- February 2, 1883, Königsberg), was the father of the Musar movement in Orthodox Judaism and a famed Rosh yeshiva and Talmudist.	Yisroel Salanter	Königsberg
place of death	Elsie Eaves died March 27, 1983 in Roslyn, New York, aged 84.	Elsie Eaves	Roslyn, New York
place of death	Eugen Ruffínyi (1 March 1846, Dobsina, Hungary -- 13 January 1924, Dobšiná, Czechoslovakia) was a mining engineer and amateur speleologist who, together with Gustav Lang und Andreas Méga, was the first to explore the Dobšinská Ice Cave.	Eugen Ruffínyi	Dobšiná
place of death	Fernand Charron (30 May 1866, in Angers -- 13 August 1928, in Maisons-Laffitte) was a French pioneer of motor racing and automobile manufacturing.	Fernand Charron	Maisons-Laffitte
place of death	Robert Kuwałek (born 1966 in Lublin, died 5 June 2014 in Lviv) was a Polish historian, noted for his work on the history of the Jewish community in the Lublin area and on the Holocaust.	Robert Kuwałek	Lviv
place of death	Gustaf Söderberg (born Norrköping, 1799 - died Stockholm, 1875) was a Swedish painter and soldier.	Gustaf Söderberg	Stockholm
place of death	Richard Riemerschmid (20 June 1868 -- 13 April 1957) was a German architect, painter, designer and city planner from Munich.	Richard Riemerschmid	Munich
place of death	Guido Tarlati (died 1327) was a lord and Bishop of Arezzo.	Guido Tarlati	Arezzo
place of death	Peter Lee Lawrence born Karl Hyrenbach (February 21, 1944 in Lindau, Germany -- April 20, 1974 in Rome, Italy), was a German actor and a citizen of France.	Peter Lee Lawrence	Rome
place of death	Nuvolone Alberici (alternatively Nuvelonus, Nubelo, or Nebolonus) was a diplomat and statesman of the early Republic of Genoa during some of its formative years.	Nuvolone Alberici	Genoa
place of death	Karl Walther (* August 19, 1905 in Zeitz; † June 9, 1981 in Seeshaupt) was a painter of the German late impressionism.	Karl Walther	Seeshaupt
place of death	Jabir Novruz started his work activity as a literary worker at the literary department of the evening newspaper ``Baku'' in 1958.	Jabir Novruz	Baku
place of death	Georg Janny (20 May 1864, Vienna - 21 February 1935, Vienna) was an Austrian landscape painter and set designer.	Georg Janny	Vienna
place of death	Bertold Löffler (28 September 1874, Liberec -- 23 March 1960, Vienna) was an Austrian painter, printmaker, and designer.	Bertold Löffler	Vienna
place of death	Ioseb Grishashvili (Georgian: იოსებ გრიშაშვილი) was a penname of Ioseb Mamulishvili (Georgian: იოსებ მამულიშვილი; born 12 April/24 April 1889, Georgia, Tbilisi - died 3 August 1965, Tbilisi) was a noted poet and historian from Georgia.	Ioseb Grishashvili	Tbilisi
place of death	Josef Klehr (October 17, 1904, Langenau, Upper Silesia -- August 23, 1988, Leiferde) was an SS-Oberscharführer, supervisor in several Nazi concentration camps and head of the SS disinfection commando at Auschwitz concentration camp.	Josef Klehr	Leiferde
place of death	Felipe Santiago Benítez Ávalos (May 1, 1926 -- March 19, 2009) was the Paraguayan Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Asunción from his appointment on May 20, 1989, until his retirement on June 12, 2002.	Felipe Santiago Benítez Ávalos	Asunción
place of death	Giovanni Francesco Crivelli (Venice, 20 Sep 1690 -- 20 Sep 1743) was a Venetian priest.	Giovanni Francesco Crivelli	Venice
place of death	René Vietto (17 February 1914, Le Cannet, Alpes-Maritimes -- 14 October 1988, Orange, Vaucluse) was a French road racing cyclist.	René Vietto	Orange
place of death	Çetin Alp (June 21, 1947, Malatya -- May 18, 2004, Istanbul) was a Turkish pop music singer.	Çetin Alp	Istanbul
place of death	Wilson Ruffin Abbott (1801--1876) was an American-born Black Canadian and successful businessman and landowner in Toronto, Ontario.	Wilson Ruffin Abbott	Toronto
place of death	Matthijs Bril or Matthijs Bril the Younger (1550, Antwerp -- 8 June 1583, Rome) was a Flemish painter specialised in landscapes.	Matthijs Bril	Rome
place of death	Leon Barszczewski (February 20, 1849 in Warsaw -- March 19, 1910 in Częstochowa) was a Polish soldier, topographer, explorer of the Central Asia culture, naturalist, and glaciologer.	Leon Barszczewski	Częstochowa
place of death	Maja Petrin was born in Zagreb, and died suddenly at her home in Zagreb from heart failure on 4 March 2014, aged 41.	Maja Petrin	Zagreb
place of death	Pyotr Grigoryevich Grigoryev (Russian: Петр Григорьевич Григорьев) (born January 3, 1899 in Saint Petersburg; died November 12, 1942 in Leningrad during the Siege of Leningrad) was a Soviet football player.	Pyotr Grigoryev	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Giuseppe Lahoz Ortiz, also known as Giuseppe La Hoz (Mantua, 1766 -- Ancona, 13 September 1799) was an italian general, jacobine and patriot, who served the Austrian Empire, the Cisalpine Republic and then fought in the Italian anti-french insurrections in 1799.	Giuseppe Lahoz Ortiz	Ancona
place of death	Antoine Léon Morel-Fatio (born 1810 in Rouen − d. 1871 in Paris) was a French naval painter, peintre officiel de la Marine, curator of the naval and ethnographic museum of the Louvre, and mayor of the 20th arrondissement of Paris.	Antoine Léon Morel-Fatio	Paris
place of death	Johann Heinrich Roos (29 September 1631, Otterberg -- 3 October 1685, Frankfurt) was a German Baroque era landscape painter and etcher.	Johann Heinrich Roos	Frankfurt
place of death	Dorothy Buffum Chandler (May 19, 1901 -- July 6, 1997) was a Los Angeles cultural leader.	Dorothy Buffum Chandler	Los Angeles
place of death	Johann Gerhard Reinhard Andreae (born ca. 17 December 1724 in Hanover, died 1 May 1793 in Hanover), often known as J.G.R. Andreae or I.G.R. Andreae, was a Hanoverian natural scientist, chemist, geologist, court pharmacist (Hofapotheker) and alchemist in the Age of Enlightenment.	Johann Gerhard Reinhard Andreae	Hanover
place of death	Almon Brown Strowger (February 11, 1839 in Penfield, New York, United States -- May 26, 1902 in St. Petersburg, Florida, United States) gave his name to the electromechanical telephone exchange technology that his invention and patent inspired.	Almon Brown Strowger	St. Petersburg
place of death	John W. Lavelle (January 26, 1949 -- January 24, 2007) formerly represented the 61st Assembly District in the New York State Assembly, which comprises much of the North Shore of Staten Island.	John W. Lavelle	Staten Island
place of death	Emanuele Tesauro (1592--1675) was a rhetorician, dramatist, Marinist poet, and historian from Turin.	Emanuele Tesauro	Turin
place of death	Ottone Rosai (Florence, 1895 -- Ivrea (Turin), 1957) was an Italian painter.	Ottone Rosai	Ivrea
place of death	Alec Wilder (born Alexander Lafayette Chew Wilder in Rochester, New York, February 16, 1907; d. Gainesville, Florida, December 24, 1980) was an American composer.	Alec Wilder	Gainesville
place of death	Ottó Dóra (1 June 1962 -- 29 November 2015) was a Hungarian politician, who served as mayor of Salgótarján from 12 October 2014 until his death.	Ottó Dóra	Salgótarján
place of death	Pehr Henrik Ling (15 November 1766 in Södra Ljunga -- 3 May 1839 in Stockholm) pioneered the teaching of physical education in Sweden.	Pehr Henrik Ling	Stockholm
place of death	Franz Hofmeister (30 August 1850, Prague -- 26 July 1922, Würzburg) was an early protein scientist, and is famous for his studies of salts that influence the solubility and conformational stability of proteins.	Franz Hofmeister	Würzburg
place of death	Emilio Núñez (born Juan Emilio de la Caridad Núñez y Rodriguez on 27 December 1855 in Esperanza, Las Villas, Cuba - 5 May 1922 in Havana, Cuba) was a Cuban-American soldier, dentist, and politician.	Emilio Núñez	Havana
place of death	Karel Ooms (27 January 1845, Dessel - 18 March 1900, Cannes) was a Belgian painter of portraits, genre paintings and history paintings.	Karel Ooms	Cannes
place of death	When Jean de La Forêt died in Constantinople in 1537, he was succeeded by Antonio Rincon as official Ambassador.	Jean de La Forêt	Constantinople
place of death	José Escolástico Andrino (1817, in Guatemala City -- July 14, 1862 in San Salvador) was a Salvadoran composer, considered to be the founder of the classical music scene in his country.	José Escolástico Andrino	San Salvador
place of death	Kamel Messaoudi (Arabic: كمال مسعودي‎) , (30 January 1961; Bouzaréah, Algeria -- 10 December 1998; Algiers) was an Algerian Chaabi music performer.	Kamel Messaoudi	Algiers
place of death	Zvi Yavetz (26 April 1925 -- 7 January 2013) was a leading Israeli historian, emeritus professor of ancient history at Tel Aviv University and a Holocaust survivor.	Zvi Yavetz	Tel Aviv
place of death	John Pascoe Fawkner (20 October 1792 -- 4 September 1869) was an early pioneer, businessman and politician of Melbourne, Australia.	John Pascoe Fawkner	Melbourne
place of death	Marie Alexandre Lenoir (27 December 1761, Paris -- 11 June 1839) was a French archaeologist.	Alexandre Lenoir	Paris
place of death	Floris van Wevelinkhoven (ca. 1315 -- Castle Hardenberg, 4 April 1393) was Bishop of Münster from 1364 to 1378 and Bishop of Utrecht from 1378 to 1393.	Floris van Wevelinkhoven	Hardenberg
place of death	Hermann Weigert (20 October 1890, Breslau - 2 April 1955, New York City) was a German vocal coach, pianist, and conductor.	Hermann Weigert	New York City
place of death	Brigadier General Carl Rogers Darnall (December 25, 1867 in Weston, Texas, USA -- January 18, 1941 in Washington, D.C., USA) was a United States Army chemist and surgeon credited with originating the technique of liquid chlorination of drinking water.	Carl Rogers Darnall	Washington, D.C.
place of death	Pietro Luigi Galletti was an Italian Benedictine, historian and archaeologist; b. Rome in 1724; d. there, 13 December 1790.	Pietro Luigi Galletti	Rome
place of death	Giuseppe Francica-Nava de Bontifè (23 July 1846--7 December 1928) was an Italian Cardinal of the Catholic Church who served as Archbishop of Catania from 1895 until his death, and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1899.	Giuseppe Francica-Nava de Bontifè	Catania
place of death	Nolasc del Molar (el Molar, 1902 -- Barcelona, 1983) was the name of religion of the Catalan capuchin friar Daniel Rebull i Muntanyola.	Nolasc del Molar	Barcelona
place of death	Pieter Schoubroeck, or Schaubroeck (ca.1570 -- May 10, 1607), was a German landscape painter of the Frankenthal school.	Pieter Schoubroeck	Frankenthal
place of death	Christian Theodor Weinlig (July 25, 1780 -- March 7, 1842) was a German music teacher, composer, and choir conductor in Dresden and Leipzig.	Christian Theodor Weinlig	Leipzig
place of death	Maria of Calabria (May 1329 -- 20 May 1366) was a Neapolitan princess of the Capetian House of Anjou whose descendants inherited the crown of Naples following the death of her older sister, Queen Joanna I.	Maria of Calabria	Naples
place of death	Bartolomeo Bassi (early 1600s (decade)-1640s) was an Italian painter active in the early-Baroque period, mainly in his hometown of Genoa.	Bartolomeo Bassi	Genoa
place of death	Yehoshua Lakner (b. Bratislava, Czechoslovakia, 24 April 1924; d. Zürich, Switzerland, 5 December 2003) (Hebrew: יהושוע לקנר) was a composer of contemporary classical music.	Yehoshua Lakner	Zürich
place of death	William Gillette was born in Nook Farm, Hartford, Connecticut, a literary and intellectual center with residents such as Mark Twain, Harriet Beecher Stowe, and Charles Dudley Warner.	William Gillette	Hartford
place of death	Hendrik Maarten Krabbé, or Heinrich Martin Krabbé (4 May 1868, London - 22 December 1931, Amsterdam) was a Dutch genre and portrait painter.	Hendrik Maarten Krabbé	Amsterdam
place of death	Florian Johann Deller (bapt. 2 May 1729 in Drosendorf, Lower Austria -- 19 September 1773 in Munich) was an Austrian composer and violinist.	Florian Johann Deller	Munich
place of death	William Edward Barclay (14 June 1857 -- 30 January 1917) was the first manager of Everton and also the first manager of Liverpool, working with club secretary John McKenna.	William Edward Barclay	Liverpool
place of death	Alexander Felszeghy (28 October 1933 in Košice -- 20 December 1994 in Košice) was a Slovak football defender or midfielder, and later coach.	Alexander Felszeghy	Košice
place of death	Alfred Grünfeld (Prague, July 4, 1852 -- January 4, 1924, Vienna) was an Austrian pianist and composer.	Alfred Grünfeld	Vienna
place of death	Vera Brühne (February 6, 1910 in Essen -- April 17, 2001 in Munich) got famous throughout Germany as a victim of miscarriage of justice.	Vera Brühne	Munich
place of death	Vilhelms Purvītis (3 March 1872 in Zaube, Latvia -- 14 January 1945 in Bad Nauheim, Germany) was a landscape painter and educator who founded the Latvian Academy of Art and was its rector from 1919 to 1934.	Vilhelms Purvītis	Bad Nauheim
place of death	In late December 1935, Otto Binder began working for Otis Adelbert Kline as a literary agent in charge of Kline's New York City office most prominently marketing the stories of Robert E. Howard, although insufficient business during this Great Depression era forced Kline to close his company after a year and a half.	Otto Binder	New York
place of death	Vilém Tauský CBE (20 July 1910, Přerov, Moravia -- 16 March 2004, London) was a Czech conductor and composer.	Vilém Tauský	London
place of death	Joseph Vendryes (French: (vɑ̃dʁi); 13 January 1875, Paris -- 30 January 1960) was a French Celtic linguist.	Joseph Vendryes	Paris
place of death	Sir Robert Yewdall Jennings (19 October 1913 -- 4 August 2004) was Whewell Professor of International Law at Cambridge University from 1955 to 1982 and a Judge of the International Court of Justice from 1982.	Robert Yewdall Jennings	Cambridge
place of death	Herman, or Harmen Hals (1611, Haarlem -- 1669, Haarlem), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Harmen Hals	Haarlem
place of death	Awdy Kulyýew (July 30, 1936, Ashgabad -- April 10, 2007, Oslo) served as the first Foreign Minister of Turkmenistan.	Awdy Kulyýew	Oslo
place of death	Aarne Hermlin (6 Juny 1940, Võru, Estonia -- 17 November 2007, Salo) was an Estonian chess player who won the Estonian Chess Championship.	Aarne Hermlin	Salo
place of death	Albert Dawes died in Goring-by-Sea, Sussex on 23 June 1973 aged 66.	Albert Dawes	Goring-by-Sea
place of death	Michele Cavataio (Palermo, 1929 - Palermo, December 10, 1969), also known as The Cobra was a powerful member of the Sicilian Mafia.	Michele Cavataio	Palermo
place of death	In 1964 Colm Kiernan was appointed foundation Lecturer in History at the University of Wollongong, Australia.	Colm Kiernan	Wollongong
place of death	Mieszko the Younger (also known as of Kalisz) (Polish: Mieszko Młodszy (kaliski)) (between 1160 and 1165 -- 2 August 1193) was a Duke of Kalisz since 1191 until his death.	Mieszko the Younger	Kalisz
place of death	Josef Florian (February 9, 1873 -- December 29, 1941, both in Stará Říše in Moravia) was a Czech book publisher and translator.	Josef Florian	Stará Říše
place of death	Otmar Gazzari (born 1905 in Hvar -- death 1987 in Zagreb) was an Italian football player that has played in Hajduk Split and BSK Belgrade in the First League of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.	Otmar Gazzari	Zagreb
place of death	Bertha Galland died in an automobile accident in White Plains, New York on November 20, 1932.	Bertha Galland	White Plains
place of death	Enrico Martínez, Henri Martín or Heinrich Martin, (Born in Hamburg, date unknown; d. in Mexico in 1632) was cosmographer to the King of Spain, interpreter for the Spanish Inquisition, publisher, and hydraulic engineer.	Enrico Martínez	Mexico
place of death	Wolrad Eberle (4 May 1908, Freiburg -- 13 May 1949, Cologne) was a German decathlete.	Wolrad Eberle	Cologne
place of death	Vicente Casanova y Marzol was born in Borja, and studied at the seminaries in Zaragoza and in Madrid.	Vicente Casanova y Marzol	Zaragoza
place of death	Pierre-Nicolas Beauvallet (born in Le Havre on 21 June 1750 and died in Paris on 15 April 1818), is a French sculptor, draftsman and printmaker.	Pierre-Nicolas Beauvallet	Paris
place of death	Jimmy Yates (1871 -- 5 September 1922) was an English professional footballer who played as a right winger in the 1900 FA Cup Final for Southampton.	Jimmy Yates	Southampton
place of death	Walter Ehrlich (May 16, 1896 in Berlin -- December 26, 1968 in Bad Ragaz, Canton of St. Gallen, Switzerland) was a German philosopher.	Walter Ehrlich	Bad Ragaz
place of death	Ethel MacDonald (24 February 1909--1 December 1960) was a Glasgow-based Scottish anarchist and activist and, in 1937, during the Spanish Civil War, a propagandist on Barcelona Loyalist radio.	Ethel MacDonald	Glasgow
place of death	Louis Marie Alphonse Depuiset (20 September 1822 Autuy, Ardennes - 17 March 1886 Paris) was a French entomologist who specialised in Lepidoptera.	Louis Marie Alphonse Depuiset	Paris
place of death	Charles de Noailles (26 September 1891, Paris -- 28 April 1981, Grasse), Arthur Anne Marie Charles, Vicomte de Noailles was a French nobleman and patron of the arts.	Charles de Noailles	Grasse
place of death	Ludwig Greiner started his job at Jelšava on 1 April 1828.	Ludwig Greiner	Jelšava
place of death	Giuditta Tavani Arquati (Rome, 30 April 1830 -- Rome, 25 October 1867) was an Italian republican patriot, a notable figure in the Italian Risorgimento and a martyr for the cause of a United Italy.	Giuditta Tavani Arquati	Rome
place of death	Liu Baiyu (Chinese: 刘白羽; pinyin: Liú Báiyǔ; September 2, 1916 -- August 24, 2005), born Liu Yuzan (Chinese: 刘玉赞; pinyin: Liú Yùzàn) in Beijing, was a Chinese writer who took an orthodox Communist line on writing issues.	Liu Baiyu	Beijing
place of death	Posey Rorer (September 22, 1891 - June 6, 1936) was an American old-time fiddler who was best known for being a member of the American string band Charlie Poole and the North Carolina Ramblers.	Posey Rorer	North Carolina
place of death	Johann Joachim Kändler (June 15, 1706 -- May 18, 1775) was the most important modeller of the Meissen porcelain manufactury.	Johann Joachim Kändler	Meissen
place of death	Heinz von Allmen (10 August 1913 -- 11 November 2003 in Lauterbrunnen) was a Swiss Alpine skier and cross-country skier.	Heinz von Allmen	Lauterbrunnen
place of death	Giovanni Bernardino Azzolini (c. 1572 -- 12 December 1645) was an Italian painter and sculptor who continued painting in a late-Mannerist style, mainly active in Naples and Genoa.	Giovanni Bernardino Azzolini	Naples
place of death	Franz Konwitschny (August 14, 1901, Fulnek, Moravia -- July 28, 1962, Belgrade) was a German conductor and violist.	Franz Konwitschny	Belgrade
place of death	Carl von Thieme (born 1844 in Erfurt; died 1924 in Munich) was a German bankier.	Carl von Thieme	Munich
place of death	Marc Restout (14 February 1616, Caen - 3 April 1684, Caen) was a French painter.	Marc Restout	Caen
place of death	Joseph Guislain (Ghent, 2 February 1797-Ghent, 1 April 1860) was a Belgian physician and a pioneer in psychiatry.	Joseph Guislain	Ghent
place of death	Ryszard Pędrak-Janowicz (17 May 1932 in Lwów -- 1 February 2004 in Kraków) is a Polish luger who competed from the mid-1950s to the mid-1960s.	Ryszard Pędrak-Janowicz	Kraków
place of death	Helga Feddersen (14. March 1930, Hamburg - 24. November 1990, Hamburg) was a popular German actress, comedienne, singer, author, and theater director.	Helga Feddersen	Hamburg
place of death	Rice, his wife and his son moved to Garden District, New Orleans in 1988, where he eventually opened the Stan Rice Gallery.	Stan Rice	New Orleans
place of death	Abraham J. Williams (February 26, 1781 -- December 30, 1839) was an American politician from Boone County, Missouri.	Abraham J. Williams	Boone County
place of death	Liubartas continued to rule Lutsk and Volodymyr-Volynskyi.	Liubartas	Volodymyr-Volynskyi
place of death	Considered one of the most eminent professors of Canada, for her strong personality, inexhaustible energy and exceptional quality of her teaching, Yvonne Hubert deeply influenced her students by giving them a strong technical background, and so enriched musical lifer in Montreal and Canada.	Yvonne Hubert	Montreal
place of death	Georgi Traykov Girovski, also known as Georgi Traykov (Bulgarian: Георги Трайков Гировски, 14 April 1898, Varbeni, Manastir Vilayet, Ottoman Empire (today Itea, Greece) - 14 January 1975, Sofia, Bulgaria), was a Bulgarian politician and the longtime leader of Bulgarian Agrarian National Union.	Georgi Traykov	Sofia
place of death	Paul-Jacques Curie (29 October 1856 -- 19 February 1941) was a French physicist and professor of mineralogy at the University of Montpellier.	Jacques Curie	Montpellier
place of death	Franciszek Żmurko (18 July 1859, Lviv -- 9 October 1910, Warsaw) was a Polish realist painter.	Franciszek Żmurko	Warsaw
place of death	Johann Gottfried Ludwig Kosegarten (10 September 1792, Altenkirchen -- 18 August 1860, Greifswald) was a German orientalist born in Altenkirchen on the island of Rügen.	Johann Gottfried Ludwig Kosegarten	Greifswald
place of death	Jakob Mayr (July 24, 1924 -- September 20, 2010) was the Austrian prelate, who served as the Auxiliary Bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Salzburg from his appointment on May 12, 1971, until his retirement on August 15, 2001.	Jakob Mayr	Salzburg
place of death	Yan Matusevich was born in the village of Komenka, Minsk, USSR, into an Orthodox family with Uniate roots.	Yan Matusevich	Minsk
place of death	Eugène Wilhelm in French, or in German Eugen Wilhelm (Strasbourg, 1866--1951) was a French lawyer and sexologist.	Eugène Wilhelm	Strasbourg
place of death	Michal Miloslav Hodža (22 September 1811, Rakša, Turóc County, Kingdom of Hungary -- 26 March 1870 in Cieszyn, Austria-Hungary) was a Slovak national revivalist, Protestant priest, poet, linguist, and representative of the Slovakian national movement in 1840s as a member of ``the trinity'' Štúr --	Michal Miloslav Hodža	Cieszyn
place of death	Warren was born at Middleborough, Massachusetts as Mercy Lavinia Warren Bump, a descendant of a French Catholic family named Bonpasse, of Governor Thomas Mayhew, and five Mayflower passengers:	Lavinia Warren	Middleborough
place of death	Jerzy Block (March 20, 1904 in Grabica, Poland -- June 29, 1996 in Konstancin-Jeziorna, Poland) was a Polish actor and director.	Jerzy Block	Konstancin-Jeziorna
place of death	Karl Emil Lischke (30 December 1819 in Stettin -- 14 January 1886 in Bonn) was a German lawyer, politician, diplomat, and amateur naturalist.	Karl Emil Lischke	Bonn
place of death	Leonid Varpakhovsky Leonid Viktorovich Varpakhovsky (Russian: Леонид Викторович Варпаховский ) - (29 March 1908, Moscow - 12 February 1976, Moscow), director, scenarist.	Leonid Varpakhovsky	Moscow
place of death	Einar Billing born 6 October 1871 in Lund, died 17 December 1939 in Västerås, was a Swedish hymnwriter and theologian.	Einar Billing	Västerås
place of death	Olaf Barda (17 August 1909 -- 2 May 1971, Oslo), born Olaf M. Olsen, was a Norwegian chess player.	Olaf Barda	Oslo
place of death	Jozef Psotka, (12 February 1934, Košice, Czechoslovakia -- October 16, 1984 (aged 50), Mount Everest, Himalayas, Nepal) was a Slovak mountaineer, at that time the oldest person in the world who reached the summit of Mount Everest without oxygen.	Jozef Psotka	Mount Everest
place of death	Myrtle Sue Lyles Eakin, known as Sue Eakin (December 7, 1918 -- September 17, 2009), was an American historian, a professor, and a journalist from Bunkie, Louisiana.	Sue Eakin	Bunkie, Louisiana
place of death	Pavel Tigrid (October 27, 1917 in Prague, Austria-Hungary as Pavel Schönfeld -- August 31, 2003 in Héricy near Paris, France) was a writer, publisher and author of Czech origin.	Pavel Tigrid	Héricy
place of death	Giacomo della Porta (c. 1533 -- 1602) was an Italian architect and sculptor, who worked on many important buildings in Rome, including St. Peter's Basilica.	Giacomo della Porta	Rome
place of death	Linton Garner (March 25, 1915 in Greensboro, North Carolina -- March 6, 2003 in Vancouver) was a jazz pianist.	Linton Garner	Vancouver
place of death	Walter Moreira Salles (sometimes Walther Morreira Sales, born in Pouso Alegre, MG, May 28, 1912 -- Petrópolis, RJ, 2001) was a highly successful Brazilian banker, politician and philanthropist who is considered by many as one of the premier founders of the modern Brazilian financial and banking industry.	Walter Moreira Salles	Petrópolis
place of death	Serenianus (died in Lydia, 366) was an officer of the Roman Empire, involved in the death of Caesar Constantius Gallus and in the usurpation of Procopius.	Serenianus	Lydia
place of death	Chris Avram (born Cristea Auran, August 31, 1931, Bucharest -- January 10, 1989, Rome, Italy) was a Romanian-Italian film actor.	Chris Avram	Rome
place of death	Walter Jakob Gehring (20 March 1939 -- 29 May 2014) was a Swiss developmental biologist who was a professor at the Biozentrum Basel of the University of Basel, Switzerland.	Walter Jakob Gehring	Basel
place of death	Geoffrey Kerr died 1 July 1971, in Aldershot, Hampshire, England, aged 76.	Geoffrey Kerr	Aldershot
place of death	Richard Pribram (21 April 1847, Prague - 7 January 1928, Berlin) was an Austrian chemist.	Richard Pribram	Berlin
place of death	Edith Templeton (1916, Prague -- 2006, Bordighera) was a novelist, who also wrote under the pseudonym Louise Walbrook.	Edith Templeton	Bordighera
place of death	Razia Butt died in Lahore on 4 October 2012 after protracted illness.	Razia Butt	Lahore
place of death	Abukhadzhi Idrisov (Абухажи Идрисов) (17 May 1918, Berdikel, Chechen-Ingush ASSR -- 22 October 1983, Grozny, Chechen-Ingush ASSR) was a Soviet Chechen soldier at World War II. He was a sniper who had 349+ confirmed German soldier killings.	Abukhadzhi Idrisov	Grozny
place of death	Manuel María Ponce Brousset (April 5, 1874 in Lima, Peru -- July 18, 1966 in Lima) briefly occupied the Presidency of Peru in August 1930.	Manuel María Ponce Brousset	Lima
place of death	Alfred Steux (born 24 May 1892 in Dottignies - died 9 August 1934 in Paris ) was a Belgian road racing cyclist who participated in the 1919 Tour de France and finished ninth.	Alfred Steux	Paris
place of death	'Surena' remains popular as a name in Iran.	Surena	Iran
place of death	Gábor Faludi, (May 13, 1846 -- May 4, 1932) was a theatre manager in Budapest, Hungary, a founder and manager of the Vígszínház (properly anglicized as the Comedy Theatre) and a major player in the theatre boom in Budapest at the start of the 20th century.	Gábor Faludi	Budapest
place of death	Hans-Jürgen Treder (born September 4, 1928 in Berlin, died November 18, 2006 in Potsdam) was a German theoretical physicist and in the GDR, specializing in general relativity (and its extensions), astrophysics, and cosmology.	Hans-Jürgen Treder	Potsdam
place of death	Richard Heinze (August 11, 1867, Naumburg, Province of Saxony -- August 22, 1929, Bad Wiessee) was a German classical philologist.	Richard Heinze	Bad Wiessee
place of death	Aoua Kéita (Bamako, 1912 -- ibidem, 1980) was a Malian independence activist and writer from Mali.	Aoua Kéita	Bamako
place of death	Alice Manfield (1878 -- 14 July 1960) commonly known as Guide Alice, was a mountain guide, amateur naturalist, chalet owner, photographer, and early feminist figure from Victoria, Australia.	Alice Manfield	Victoria
place of death	Johann Georg Pisendel (26 December 1687 -- 25 November 1755) was a German Baroque musician, violinist and composer who, for many years, led the Court Orchestra in Dresden, then the finest instrumental ensemble in Europe.	Johann Georg Pisendel	Dresden
place of death	Wilhelm Wirth (July 26, 1876, Wunsiedel - July 13, 1952, Amberg) was a German psychologist.	Wilhelm Wirth	Amberg
place of death	Prince Alexander Golitzen (Golitsyn), (Moscow, February 28, 1908 -- San Diego, July 26, 2005) was Russian born production designer who oversaw art direction on more than 300 movies.	Alexander Golitzen	San Diego
place of death	Solicitor Joseph Crowther Smith (26 September 1818--26 December 1886) served as Mayor of Wolverhampton 1865/66	Joseph Crowther Smith	Wolverhampton
place of death	Daniel Juslenius (10 June 1676, Mynämäki -- 17 July 1752, Skara) was a Finnish writer and bishop.	Daniel Juslenius	Skara
place of death	Ezequiel Uricoechea Rodríguez (9 April 1834 in Bogotá -- 29 July 1880 in Beirut) was a Colombian linguist and scientist.	Ezequiel Uricoechea	Beirut
place of death	Heraclides Ponticus (Ancient Greek: Ἡρακλείδης ὁ Ποντικός; c. 390 BC -- c. 310 BC), also known as Herakleides and Heraklides of Pontus, was a Greek philosopher and astronomer who was born in Heraclea Pontica, now Karadeniz Ereğli, Turkey, and migrated to Athens.	Heraclides Ponticus	Athens
place of death	Karol Śliwka (Polish pronunciation: (ˈkarɔl ˈɕlifka); 13 March 1894, Bystřice, Austrian Silesia - 19 March 1943, Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp) was a Polish communist politician from Zaolzie region in the First Czechoslovak Republic.	Karol Śliwka	Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp
place of death	Maria Rygier (born 1885 in Florence, died 1953 in Rome) was an Italian journalist and politician.	Maria Rygier	Rome
place of death	Jean Henri Pareau, also known as Joannis Henrici Pareau (13 May 1761, Amsterdam -- 1 February 1833, Utrecht) was a Dutch Reformed theologian and orientalist.	Jean Henri Pareau	Utrecht
place of death	Samuel Marvin Griffin, Sr. (September 4, 1907 -- June 13, 1982) was an American politician from the U.S. state of Georgia.	Marvin Griffin	Georgia
place of death	Sverre Stenersen (18 June 1926, Målselv -- 17 December 2005) was a Norwegian Nordic combined skier who dominated the event throughout the 1950s.	Sverre Stenersen	Målselv
place of death	Cordelia Edvardson died from an illness in Stockholm on 29 October 2012, at the age of 83.	Cordelia Edvardson	Stockholm
place of death	Auguste Mathieu Panseron (26 April 1796, Paris -- 29 July 1859, Paris) was a French composer and voice teacher.	Auguste Mathieu Panseron	Paris
place of death	Lamont Coleman (May 30, 1974 -- February 15, 1999), best known by his stage name Big L, was an American hip hop recording artist, born and raised in Harlem, New York City, New York.	Big L	New York City
place of death	William Hookham Carpenter (1792--1866) was a British Keeper of Prints at the British Museum.	William Hookham Carpenter	British Museum
place of death	Giovanni Cadioli (circa 1710 -- 10 September 1767) was an Italian painter of the Baroque, active mainly in his native Mantua.	Giovanni Cadioli	Mantua
place of death	Karola Bloch (born Karola Piotrkowska; January 22, 1905, Łódź -- July 31, 1994, Tübingen) was a Polish-German architect, socialist, and feminist.	Karola Bloch	Tübingen
place of death	Mario Magnotta (October 14, 1942 -- January 4, 2009) was an Italian janitor of a commercial school in L'Aquila.	Mario Magnotta	L'Aquila
place of death	Blandine Ebinger (born Blandine Loeser) (4 November 1899, in Berlin -- 25 December 1993, in Berlin) was a German actress and chansonniere, the daughter of the pianist Gustav Loeser and the actress Margarete Wezel.	Blandine Ebinger	Berlin
place of death	Amalie Seidel (21 February 1876 in Vienna - 11 May 1952) was an Austrian Politician (Social Democrat) and feminist.	Amalie Seidel	Vienna
place of death	Flor Alpaerts (Antwerp, 12 September 1876 -- Antwerp, 5 October 1954) was a Belgian conductor, pedagogue and composer.	Flor Alpaerts	Antwerp
place of death	Grazio Cossali, sometimes called Orazio Cossali (1563 -- December 4, 1629) was an Italian painter who worked in Brescia, Cremona, and Venice, active during the Mannerist or early Baroque periods.	Grazio Cossali	Brescia
place of death	Johann Friedrich Flatt (February 20, 1759 -- November 24, 1821) was a German Protestant theologian and philosopher born in Tübingen.	Johann Friedrich Flatt	Tübingen
place of death	Wilhelm Lexis (17 July 1837, Eschweiler, Germany -- 24 August 1914, Göttingen, Germany), full name Wilhelm Hector Richard Albrecht Lexis, was a German statistician, economist, and social scientist.	Wilhelm Lexis	Göttingen
place of death	Nicolaus Bruhns (also Nikolaus, Nicholas; late 1665 -- 8 April (O.S. 29 March) 1697 in Husum) was a Danish-German organist, violinist, and composer.	Nicolaus Bruhns	Husum
place of death	José Braulio Alemán (26 March 1864 -- 15 January 1930, Havana) was a Cuban Brigadier General in the Spanish--	José Braulio Alemán	Havana
place of death	Jules Arnous de Rivière (4 May 1830, Nantes -- 11 September 1905, Paris) was the strongest French chess player from the late 1850s through the late 1870s.	Jules Arnous de Rivière	Paris
place of death	Ayinde Barrister had a couple of successful shows in London in 1990 and 1993 performing what later became known as the Fuji Garbage sound.	Ayinde Barrister	London
place of death	Henri-Irénée Marrou (12 November 1904, Marseilles -- 11 April 1977, Bourg-la-Reine) was a leading French historian of the mid-twentieth century.	Henri-Irénée Marrou	Bourg-la-Reine
place of death	Griffin Yueh Feng (Chinese: 岳枫) (1909 or July 29, 1910 -- March 3, 1999) was a Chinese film director and screenwriter who worked in the Cinema of Hong Kong.	Yueh Feng	Hong Kong
place of death	Leslie was born in New York City on March 5, 1899, and she died (as Gladys Leslie Moore) in Boynton Beach, Florida on October 2, 1976 at age 77.	Gladys Leslie	Boynton Beach
place of death	Ernesto Matteo Poggi, known as Gino Poggi or Poggi II (born 23 February 1913 in Genoa, died 3 January 1992 in the same town), was an Italian footballer and coach of the 1950s.	Matteo Poggi	Genoa
place of death	Margot Walter, a.k.a. Margot Landa (* 4 October 1903 in Potsdam, Germany; † April 1994 in Camden Town, London, England) was a German actress.	Margot Walter	London
place of death	Giuseppe Pompilj (17 July 1913, Rome--9 July 1968, Rome) was an Italian statistician	Giuseppe Pompilj	Rome
place of death	Robert de Sigello (died 1150) was a medieval Bishop of London and Lord Chancellor of England.	Robert de Sigello	London
place of death	Antoni Popiel (13 June 1865 Szczakowa, Galicia (now Jaworzno) - 7 July 1910 Lubien near Lviv) was a Polish sculptor.	Antoni Popiel	Lviv
place of death	Shimon Dzigan (Yiddish: שמעון דזשיגאן‎, Polish: Szymon Dżigan; born 1905 in Łódź - April 14, 1980 in Tel Aviv) was a Jewish comedian.	Shimon Dzigan	Tel Aviv
place of death	Ertuğrul Oğuz Fırat (1 February 1923 in Malatya -- 16 October 2014 in Ankara) was a Turkish composer, painter and poet.	Ertuğrul Oğuz Fırat	Ankara
place of death	Abraham Speijer (Speyer) (19 November 1873, Amsterdam -- 5 September 1956, Amsterdam) was a Dutch chess master.	Abraham Speijer	Amsterdam
place of death	Luise Adolpha Le Beau (April 25, 1850 in Rastatt, Grand Duchy of Baden -- July 17, 1927 in Baden-Baden) was a German composer of classical music.	Luise Adolpha Le Beau	Baden-Baden
place of death	Alec Jason (born Alexander Jason on 13 July 1911 in London - died 2 October 2000 in Los Angeles) was an English actor.	Alec Jason	Los Angeles
place of death	Nathaniel Bagshaw Ward ( 1791 - 4 June 1868, St Leonard's, Sussex) was an English doctor who popularized a case for growing and transporting plants which was called the Wardian case.	Nathaniel Bagshaw Ward	Sussex
place of death	Antonio Cifra (1584? -- 2 October 1629 in Loreto) was an Italian composer of the Roman School of the Renaissance and early Baroque eras.	Antonio Cifra	Loreto
place of death	Heinrich Bretthorst (16 December 1883 in Rahden died 17 September 1962 in Leipzig) was a German politician (SPD / SED).	Heinrich Bretthorst	Leipzig
place of death	Joshua Benoliel (13 January 1873 - 3 February 1932) was a Lisbon born photojournalist.	Joshua Benoliel	Lisbon
place of death	Karl Ramsayer (29 September 1911, Schwäbisch Gmünd -- 24 December 1982, near Stuttgart) was a German geodesist and is well known as one of the most important scientists in geodetic astronomy and in electronic navigation.	Karl Ramsayer	Stuttgart
place of death	Christopher Hyatt died of cancer in Scottsdale, Arizona at the age of 64.	Christopher Hyatt	Scottsdale
place of death	Alessandro Ferri (born February 25, 1921 in Rome; died in 2003 in Rome) was an Italian professional football player.	Alessandro Ferri	Rome
place of death	Paul Hardwick (15 November 1918 in Bridlington -- 22 October 1983, London) was an English actor.	Paul Hardwick	London
place of death	The spirit was said to have appeared first between 1871 and 1874 in séances conducted by Florence Cook in London, and later in 1874--1875 in New York in séances held by the mediums Jennie Holmes and her husband Nelson Holmes.	Florence Cook	London
place of death	Ernst Hoppenberg (July 26, 1878 in Bremen -- September 29, 1937 in Kirn) was a German swimmer and water polo player who competed in the late 19th century and early 20th century in the 200 metre events.	Ernst Hoppenberg	Kirn
place of death	Rudolf Hrušínský (born 17 October 1920 - died 14 April 1994 in Prague) was a Czech actor.	Rudolf Hrušínský	Prague
place of death	Raymond F. Almirall (1869-1939) was an American architect of the Beaux-Arts period, practicing in New York City.	Raymond F. Almirall	New York City
position held	Samuel Harsnett (or Harsnet) (June 1561 -- May 1631), born Samuel Halsnoth, was an English writer on religion and Archbishop of York from 1629.	Samuel Harsnett	Archbishop of York
position held	Frederick Anthony Donaghy, M.M. (January 13, 1903 -- February 5, 1988) was an American-born Catholic missionary and bishop.	Frederick Anthony Donaghy	bishop
position held	Joan Clos i Matheu (Catalan pronunciation: (ʒuˈaŋ ˈkɫɔs)) (born 29 June 1949) is a Spanish politician who was mayor of Barcelona, Spain from September 1997 to September 2006.	Joan Clos	mayor
position held	Miguel Ramón Izquierdo (8 December 1919 -- 17 September 2007) was a Spanish politician who served as the last mayor of Valencia in the Franco era and the first in the modern democratic era.	Miguel Ramón Izquierdo	mayor
position held	Yitzhak Ben-Zvi (Hebrew: יצחק בן צבי‎‎; 24 November 1884 -- 23 April 1963) was a historian, Labor Zionist leader and the second and longest-serving President of Israel.	Yitzhak Ben-Zvi	President of Israel
position held	José María Pérez de Urdininea (31 October 1784 -- 4 November 1865) was the third President of Bolivia and the first to be born in Bolivia itself.	José María Pérez de Urdininea	President of Bolivia
position held	Jenise May is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Colorado House of Representatives representing District 30 from 2013 to 2015.	Jenise May	member of the Colorado House of Representatives
position held	Ron Nachman (Hebrew: רון נחמן‎‎‎, 6 August 1942 -- 18 January 2013) was an Israeli politician and former Knesset member for the Likud.	Ron Nachman	Knesset member
position held	Giuseppe Nazzaro, OFM (22 December 1937 -- 26 October 2015) was an Emeritus bishop of the Apostolic Vicariate of Aleppo, Custodian of the Holy Land and a polyglot.	Giuseppe Nazzaro	Apostolic Vicariate of Aleppo
position held	Lorenzo Strozzi (December 3, 1513 -- December 14, 1571) was an Italian abbot and cardinal.	Lorenzo Strozzi	abbot	cardinal
position held	Archidamus I (Ancient Greek: Ἀρχίδαμος Α΄) was a king of Sparta, 12th of the Eurypontids.	Archidamus I	king of Sparta
position held	George Wayne Goodwin was elected North Carolina Commissioner of Insurance in the 2008 election and re-elected in 2012.	Wayne Goodwin	North Carolina Commissioner of Insurance
position held	David Wittig (born July 29, 1955) is the former chief executive officer of Topeka, Kansas-based Westar Energy, a utility company.	David Wittig	chief executive officer
position held	René de Prie (1451--1519) was a French Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.	René de Prie	cardinal
position held	Mudaffar Sjah (13 April 1935 -- 19 February 2015) was the 48th Sultan of Ternate from 1975 until his death.	Mudaffar Sjah	Sultan of Ternate
position held	David Bibb Graves (April 1, 1873 -- March 14, 1942) was a Democratic politician and the 38th Governor of Alabama 1927-1931 and 1935--1939, the first Alabama governor to serve two four-year terms.	Bibb Graves	Governor of Alabama
position held	Thomas of Marga, (Classical Syriac: ܬܐܘܡܐ ܒܪ ܝܥܩܘܒ, Taomá bár Yaˁqub) was an East Syrian bishop and author of an important monastic history in Syriac, who flourished in the 9th century CE. He was born early in the century in the region of Salakh to the north-east of Mosul.	Thomas of Marga	bishop
position held	Lars Porsena (Etruscan: Pursenas; sometimes spelled Lars Porsenna) was an Etruscan king known for his war against the city of Rome.	Lars Porsena	king
position held	Karen Whitefield (born 8 January 1970, Bellshill) is a Scottish politician and former Member of the Scottish Parliament for the Airdrie and Shotts constituency.	Karen Whitefield	Member of the Scottish Parliament
position held	James W. Murphy (September 27, 1852 -- ?) was an American merchant, farmer and politician who served as a Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Marquette County and of the Wisconsin State Senate from Milwaukee County.	James W. Murphy	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Alvise III Sebastiano Mocenigo (1662--1732) was the 112 Doge of Venice from 1722 to 1732.	Sebastiano Mocenigo	Doge of Venice
position held	Josselin Charles Louis Jean Marie de Rohan-Chabot, 14th Duke of Rohan, known as Josselin de Rohan (born 5 June 1938 in Suresnes, Hauts-de-Seine) was a member of the Senate of France, representing the Morbihan department as a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.	Josselin de Rohan	member of the Senate of France
position held	László Paskai, O.F.M. (8 May 1927 -- 17 August 2015) was a Hungarian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church, He served as the archbishop of Esztergom-Budapest from 1987 to 2002.	László Paskai	cardinal	archbishop
position held	Joseph Roduit (December 17, 1939 -- December 17, 2015) was a Roman Catholic priest and abbot.	Joseph Roduit	abbot
position held	Donald Norman McLeod (10 June 1848 -- 25 October 1914) was an Australian pastoralist and politician, a member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly.	Donald Norman McLeod	member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
position held	Alberto Héber Usher (May 1, 1918 -- January 19, 1981) was a Uruguayan politician, who served as President of Uruguay from March 1, 1966 to March 1, 1967.	Alberto Héber Usher	President of Uruguay
position held	Franziskus von Paula Graf von Schönborn (Czech: František Schönborn; 24 January 1844 -- 25 June 1899) was a Czech Roman Catholic cardinal.	Franziskus von Paula Graf von Schönborn	cardinal
position held	Manuel Ezequiel Bruzual (Santa Marta, Colombia, 1832 -- Curaçao, 15 August 1868), was a military leader committed to liberal ideas, also in charge of the War and Navy Ministry in 1864, and in 1868 was designated provisional President of Venezuela.	Manuel Ezequiel Bruzual	President of Venezuela
position held	José Francisco Orozco y Jiménez was archbishop of Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico from 1913 through 1936.	Francisco Orozco y Jiménez	archbishop
position held	George V (George Frederick Ernest Albert; 3 June 1865 -- 20 January 1936) was King of the United Kingdom and the British Dominions, and Emperor of India, from 6 May 1910 until his death in 1936.	George V	Emperor of India
position held	Born in Smara and being one of the founding members of the POLISARIO, Mohamed Lamine Ould Ahmed became the first Prime Minister of the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic (SADR) in 1976, and held the post until 1982.	Mohamed Lamine Ould Ahmed	Prime Minister of the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic
position held	Arthur Bache Walkom (8 February 1889 -- 2 July 1976) was an Australian palaeobotanist and museum director.	Arthur Bache Walkom	director
position held	Vicente Abad Santos (July 12, 1916 -- December 30, 1993) was an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines.	Vicente Abad Santos	Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines
position held	Gamal Abdel Nasser Hussein (Arabic: جمال عبد الناصر حسين‎, IPA: (ɡæˈmæːl ʕæbdenˈnɑːsˤeɾ ħeˈseːn); 15 January 1918 -- 28 September 1970) was the second President of Egypt, serving from 1956 until his death.	Gamal Abdel Nasser	President of Egypt
position held	Pierre-Michel Auger (born January 11, 1963 in Shawinigan, Quebec) is a Canadian politician, who was a Member of the National Assembly for the electoral district of Champlain from 2007 to 2008.	Pierre-Michel Auger	Member of the National Assembly
position held	Jan Lipski (Count Jan VIII Lipski) of Łada coat of arms (1589--1641) was a bishop of Chełmno (1636--1639), crown referendary and Archbishop of Gniezno and Primate of Poland (from 1639).	Jan Lipski	bishop
position held	Vilém Prusinovský z Víckova (in German: William Prusinowsky von Wiczkov) (1534 -- June 16, 1572) was a bishop of Olomouc in 1565--1572.	Vilém Prusinovský z Víckova	bishop
position held	Stephanos Mousouros was the Ottoman-appointed Prince of Samos from 1896 to 1899.	Stephanos Mousouros	Prince of Samos
position held	Adam of Perseigne (c. 1145 -- 1221) was a French Cistercian, abbot of Perseigne Abbey in the Diocese of Le Mans.	Adam of Perseigne	abbot
position held	Deborah Boone (born 1951) is a Democratic member of the Oregon House of Representatives, representing District 32 since her appointment on August 4, 2004, to serve out the remaining term of Representative Elaine Hopson.	Deborah Boone	member of the Oregon House of Representatives
position held	Roberto Tucci, SJ (19 April 1921 -- 14 April 2015) was a Roman Catholic Jesuit cardinal and theologian.	Roberto Tucci	cardinal
position played on team / speciality	Omar Oreste Corbatta Fernández (11 March 1936 -- 6 November 1991) was an Argentine footballer who played as a forward.	Omar Oreste Corbatta	forward
position played on team / speciality	Søren Jochumsen (born August 1, 1976) is a retired Danish professional football (soccer) player, who played as a goalkeeper.	Søren Jochumsen	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Danka Podovac is a Serbian football midfielder currently playing for ZNK Pomurje.	Danka Podovac	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ahmad Syihan Hazmi Mohamed (born 22 February 1996) is a Malaysian national footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Kelantan FA President's Cup.	Ahmad Syihan Hazmi Mohamed	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Abubakari Yakubu (born 13 December 1981) is a Ghanaian retired professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.	Abubakari Yakubu	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Walter Baseggio (pronounced (ˈvalter baˈzeddʒo); born 19 August 1978) is a Belgian retired footballer who played as a central midfielder.	Walter Baseggio	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Spiros Livathinos (Greek: Σπύρος Λιβαθηνός; born 8 January 1955) is a former football player who played as a midfielder, coach and current scout of Panathinaikos.	Spiros Livathinos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Antoine van der Linden (Dutch pronunciation: (ɑn.tu.ˈwɑn vɑn dɛr ˈlɪn.də(n)); born 17 March 1976) is a Dutch footballer who plays for WKE as a central defender.	Antoine van der Linden	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jānis Blūms (born April 20, 1982) is a Latvian professional basketball player who plays for Sidigas Avellino of the Italian Serie A. Standing at 1.91 m (6 ft 3 in), Blūms plays both point guard and shooting guard positions.	Jānis Blūms	point guard	shooting guard
position played on team / speciality	Andrea Orlandi Stabilin (born 3 August 1984) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Cypriot club Anorthosis Famagusta FC as a left winger or an attacking midfielder.	Andrea Orlandi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Adrián Ezequiel Cirigliano (Spanish pronunciation: (eseˈkjel siɾiˈljano); born 24 January 1992) is an Argentine football midfielder who plays for River Plate.	Ezequiel Cirigliano	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Cesar Carrillo (born April 29, 1984) is an American professional baseball pitcher.	Cesar Carrillo	pitcher
position played on team / speciality	Jorge Siega (born Brazil) is a former Brazilian-American football (soccer) forward who spent eight seasons in the North American Soccer League, seven with the New York Cosmos.	Jorge Siega	forward
position played on team / speciality	Maylee Atthin-Johnson (born 5 September 1986) is a Tobagonian soccer forward.	Maylee Atthin-Johnson	forward
position played on team / speciality	Abdullah Quaye (born 24 sept 1980 in Accra), formerly Awulley Junior Quaye, is a Ghanaian football midfielder.	Abdullah Quaye	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Oleh Tarasenko (Ukrainian: Олег Володимирович Тарасенко; born 23 June 1990 in Cherkasy, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for Ukrainian Second League club FC Slavutych Cherkasy.	Oleh Tarasenko	defender
position played on team / speciality	Zvonimir Vukić (Serbian Cyrillic: Звонимир Вукић; born 19 July 1979) is a Serbian former professional footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.	Zvonimir Vukić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rodney Iona (born 17 August 1991) is an Australian rugby union footballer who currently plays as a centre for the Brumbies in Super Rugby.	Rodney Iona	centre
position played on team / speciality	Zefir Katunchev (Bulgarian: Зефир Катунчев; born 13 December 1986 in Gotse Delchev) is a Bulgarian footballer, who currently plays as a defender for Pirin Gotse Delchev.	Zefir Katunchev	defender
position played on team / speciality	Isuf Çela, (born 18 September 1996, Elbasan) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Italian club Bologna (primavera).	Isuf Çela	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sam Nicholson (born 20 January 1995) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Scottish Premiership club Heart of Midlothian.	Sam Nicholson	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Daniel Tetrault (born September 4, 1979) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently an unrestricted free agent who last played for the Rapid City Rush of the ECHL.	Daniel Tetrault	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Andrey Stoev (Bulgarian: Андрей Стоев; born 2 October 1986) is a Bulgarian football defender who currently plays for FC Gandzasar Kapan of the Armenian Premier League.	Andrey Stoev	defender
position played on team / speciality	Morris Stevenson (16 April 1943 -- 22 July 2014) was a Scottish footballer who played as a forward.	Morris Stevenson	forward
position played on team / speciality	Vitaliy Postranskyi (Ukrainian: Віталій Михайлович Постранський; born 2 August 1977 in Ivano-Frankivsk) is a Ukrainian goalkeeper.	Vitaliy Postranskyi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mugurel Buga (born 16 December 1977 in Braşov), nicknamed ``Pele'' by the fans, is a Romanian football player, playing as a forward for Braşov.	Mugurel Buga	forward
position played on team / speciality	Nataliya Sukhorukova is an Ukrainian former football midfielder who played for Lehenda Chernihiv and Zhilstroy Kharkiv in the Ukrainian League and the European Cup.	Nataliya Sukhorukova	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Darren Lockhart (born 12 November 1973) is a professional footballer from Northern Ireland who plays as a midfielder for Ards.	Darren Lockhart	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jozo Bogdanović (born 21 October 1960 in Dubrovnik, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Croatian former football forward who played for several Croatian and foreign football clubs.	Jozo Bogdanović	forward
position played on team / speciality	Risto Mitrevski (Macedonian: Ристо Митревски, born 5 October 1991) is a Macedonian professional footballer who plays for Serbian side Donji Srem, on loan from Sarajevo, as a defender.	Risto Mitrevski	defender
position played on team / speciality	Paul Nardi (born 18 May 1994 in Vesoul, France) is a French footballer who currently plays for French Ligue 1 side AS Monaco as a goalkeeper.	Paul Nardi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Cao Xiandong was considered a talented midfielder and was soon called up to the Chinese under-17 team that took part in the 1985 FIFA U-16 World Championship where China were knocked out in the quarter-finals to West Germany in a 4-2 defeat.	Cao Xiandong	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jeferson Paulo Rodrigues de Souza (born December 14, 1981), known simply as Mikimba or Jeferson, is a Brazilian-born naturalized Togolese football midfielder, who plays for Riograndense in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série D.	Jeferson Paulo Rodrigues de Souza	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Yuriy Syvukha (Ukrainian: Юрій Петрович Сивуха; born 13 January 1958 in Kharkiv, Ukrainian SSR) is a former football goalkeeper and a current assistant coach of the Ukraine national team.	Yuriy Syvukha	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ray Martynuik (March 28, 1950 -- October 20, 2013), sometimes spelled Martyniuk, was a professional ice hockey goaltender.	Ray Martynuik	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Raycho Raychev (sometimes also transliterated as Raicho Raichev) (Bulgarian: Райчо Райчев) (born 1 February 1971) is a Bulgarian former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Raycho Raychev	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Wouter Vrancken (born 3 February 1979) is a former Belgian defensive midfielder in association football.	Wouter Vrancken	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Giorgio Biasiolo (born 16 February 1946) is an Italian former professional footballer, who played as a midfielder.	Giorgio Biasiolo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dimitris Komesidis (Greek: Δημήτρης Κομεσίδης; born 2 February 1988) is a Greek professional footballer currently playing as a defender for AE Larissa FC in the Greek Football League.	Dimitris Komesidis	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marek Citko (born March 27, 1974 Białystok) is a retired Polish football player, who most frequently performed as an offensive midfielder.	Marek Citko	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Wim Walschaerts (born 5 November 1972 in Antwerp) is a Belgian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder, mainly in Belgium but also in England for Leyton Orient.	Wim Walschaerts	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	María Ruiz Román, a.k.a. Mery, is a Spanish football forward.	María Ruiz	forward
position played on team / speciality	Kazimierz Sidorczuk (born March 4, 1967 in Debno) was a Polish footballer (goalkeeper) playing most of the career in Lech Poznań.	Kazimierz Sidorczuk	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Josef Melichar IV (born January 20, 1979) is a retired Czech professional ice hockey defenceman.	Josef Melichar	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Michael Allardice (born 19 October 1991) is a New Zealand rugby union player who currently plays as a lock for Hawke's Bay in the ITM Cup and the Chiefs in Super Rugby.	Michael Allardice	lock
position played on team / speciality	Joe Souleymane Dit Guyan Kanté (born 5 January 1982) is an ivorian football goalkeeper playing for SOA.	Guyan Kanté	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Antoni Szymanowski (born 13 January 1951 in Tomaszów Mazowiecki) was a Polish footballer (defender), and a member of the Poland national football team in two FIFA World Cups: 1974 and 1978.	Antoni Szymanowski	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dănuț Lupu (born 27 February 1967) is a Romanian former football midfielder and former Hockey player in his childhood.	Dănuț Lupu	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	George Halley (29 October 1887 -- 18 December 1941) was a Scottish professional footballer, who played as a wing half.	George Halley	wing half
position played on team / speciality	Marcos Martín de la Fuente (born 17 September 1968), known simply as Marcos, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.	Marcos Martín de la Fuente	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Souleymane Fall (born 19 June 1969 in Dakar) is a former Senegalese football defender who is best known for playing for Spartak Trnava.	Souleymane Fall	defender
position played on team / speciality	Shashi Isaac (born on April 4, 1982) is a football player (midfielder) from Saint Kitts & Nevis.	Shashi Isaac	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Scott Lamphear is a retired American soccer defender and coach.	Scott Lamphear	defender
position played on team / speciality	František Okoličáni (born 26 September 1982 in Dolný Kubín) is a Slovak football goalkeeper who recently played for the Slovak Corgoň Liga club MFK Ružomberok.	František Okoličáni	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Nikola Yanachkov (Bulgarian: Никола Яначков; born 13 January 1993) is a Bulgarian footballer, who currently plays as a midfielder forLokomotiv 2012 Mezdra.	Nikola Yanachkov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Orsolya Herr (born 23 November 1984) is a Hungarian handball goalkeeper playing for Fehérvár KC and the Hungarian national team.	Orsolya Herr	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ali Assadalla (Arabic: علي أسد الله; born 19 January 1993), also known simply as Ali Asad, is a Qatari footballer who currently plays for Al Sadd as a midfielder.	Ali Assadalla	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Seku Conneh (born 10 November 1995 in Voinjama) is a Liberian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Bethlehem Steel in the United Soccer League.	Seku Conneh	forward
position played on team / speciality	Konstantinos Pangalos (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Πάγκαλος; born 3 July 1985) is a Greek footballer currently playing for Superleague Greece club Platanias as a forward.	Konstantinos Pangalos	forward
position played on team / speciality	Julio César Baldivieso Rico (born 2 December 1971 in Cochabamba) is a former Bolivian association football midfielder who played for the Bolivian national team in the 1994 World Cup and several Copa Américas.	Julio César Baldivieso	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nikolaos Nakas (born 13 April 1982) is a German former football defender of Greek heritage.	Nikolaos Nakas	defender
position played on team / speciality	Glenn Verbauwhede (born 19 May 1985) is a Belgian football goalkeeper who currently plays for South African Premier Soccer League club Maritzburg United.	Glenn Verbauwhede	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Oleksandr Ilyuschenkov (Ukrainian: Олександр Андрійович Ільющенков; born 23 March 1990 in Ternopil, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who played for club FC Karpaty Lviv in Ukrainian Premier League.	Oleksandr Ilyuschenkov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Maarten Martens (born 2 July 1984) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder and currently is a free agent.	Maarten Martens	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Richard Twist was an English professional association footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Richard Twist	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ilkka Heikkinen (born November 13, 1984 in Rauma, Finland) is a Finnish professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for Växjö Lakers Hockey of the Swedish Hockey League (SHL).	Ilkka Heikkinen	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Nathan Zuzga is a retired American soccer forward who played one season for the Carolina RailHawks in the USL First Division.	Nathan Zuzga	forward
position played on team / speciality	Gavin Hume (born 25 March 1980 in Riversdale, Western Cape, South Africa) is a rugby union centre for Perpignan in the French Top 14.	Gavin Hume	centre
position played on team / speciality	Peter Hlinka (born 5 December 1978 in Prešov) is a Slovakian football midfielder for Austrian club SC Wiener Neustadt.	Peter Hlinka	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Charlie Stimson (born 1 March 1992) is an English footballer, who plays as a forward for Thurrock.	Charlie Stimson	forward
position played on team / speciality	Roman Podolyak (Ukrainian: Роман Михайлович Подоляк; born 21 April 1993 in Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for FC Bukovyna Chernivtsi on loan from club FC Karpaty Lviv in Ukrainian Premier League.	Roman Podolyak	defender
position played on team / speciality	Phil Henson is a footballer who played as a midfielder in the Football League for Manchester City, Swansea City and Sheffield Wednesday.	Phil Henson	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Vincent Euvrard (born 12 March 1982 in Veurne, Belgium) is a retired football (soccer) defender and currently manager working for ASV Geel, who last played for Sint-Truiden in the Belgian Second Division.	Vincent Euvrard	defender
position played on team / speciality	Gaël Bigirimana (Kirundi pronunciation: (ɡaˈeːl βiɟiriˈmaːnaː); born 22 October 1993) is a Burundian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Coventry City on loan from Newcastle United.	Gaël Bigirimana	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Harry Lamb is a footballer who played as an inside forward in the Football League for Tranmere Rovers.	Harry Lamb	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Florent Laville (born 7 August 1973 in Valence, Drôme) is a retired French football defender.	Florent Laville	defender
position played on team / speciality	Joe Shaughnessy (born 6 July 1992) is an Irish professional football defender who plays for Scottish Premiership club St Johnstone.	Joe Shaughnessy	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ernando Rodrigues Lopes or simply Ernando (born July 14, 1988 in Formosa), is a Brazilian football central defender.	Ernando	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sergio Rodríguez Viera (4 April 1928 -- 6 April 1986) was a Uruguayan footballer who played as a forward, and football manager.	Sergio Rodríguez Viera	forward
position played on team / speciality	Evgeni Aleksandrov (Bulgarian: Евгени Александров; born 14 June 1988) is a Bulgarian footballer, currently playing for Litex Lovech as a goalkeeper.	Evgeni Aleksandrov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Massimiliano Allegri (Italian pronunciation: (massimiˈljano alˈleɡri); born 11 August 1967) is an Italian professional football manager currently in charge of Juventus and former midfielder.	Massimiliano Allegri	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ofir Kriaf (born 17 April 1991; Hebrew: אופיר קריאף‎) is an Israeli footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Ofir Kriaf	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Oscar Pezzano (1948 - 19 February 1994) was an Argentine football goalkeeper, notable for his years in Estudiantes de La Plata.	Oscar Pezzano	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Miloš Pantović (Serbian Cyrillic: Милош Пантовић; born 7 July 1996) is a Serbian professional football who plays as a forward for German club Bayern Munich II in the Regionalliga Bayern.	Miloš Pantović	forward
position played on team / speciality	Stuart Storer (born January 1967) is a footballer, who played as a defender and is manager of Bedworth United.	Stuart Storer	defender
position played on team / speciality	Moisés Lima Magalhães (born 17 March 1988) is a Brazilian footballer, who plays for Palmeiras, as a midfielder.	Moisés Lima Magalhães	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Luís Carlos Teixeira de Oliveira (born 25 November 1982 in Lisbon), known as Luís Carlos, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.D. Mafra as an attacking midfielder.	Luís Carlos Teixeira de Oliveira	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Phạm Nguyên Sa (born 15 December 1989) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Defensive midfielder for V-League club SHB Đà Nẵng and the Vietnamese internationals.	Phạm Nguyên Sa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Levan Silagadze (Georgian: ლევან სილაგაძე) (born 4 August 1976) is a football defender from Georgia.	Levan Silagadze	defender
position played on team / speciality	Giuli Mandzhgaladze (Ukrainian: Гіулі Шотайович Манджгаладзе; born 9 September 1992 in Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder of Georgian descent who played for FC Chikhura Sachkhere in the Georgian Premier League.	Giuli Mandzhgaladze	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Vladimir Ivić (Serbian Cyrillic: Владимир Ивић, born 7 May 1977) is a Serbian footballer who last played as a midfielder for PAOK.	Vladimir Ivić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Raitis Grafs (born June 12, 1981) is a Latvian professional basketball center.	Raitis Grafs	center
position played on team / speciality	Peter Jánošík (born 2 January 1988) is a Slovak footballer who plays as centre back.	Peter Jánošík	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Marco Amelia, Ufficiale OMRI (Italian pronunciation: (ˈmarko aˈmɛːlja); born 2 April 1982) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for English team Chelsea.	Marco Amelia	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Abdullah Qaisi (Arabic: عبد الله قيسي‎; born May 8, 1995) is a Saudi footballer who plays as a midfielder for Hajer.	Abdullah Qaisi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Andrew McNeil (born 19 January 1987 in Edinburgh) is a Scottish professional football goalkeeper currently playing for Greenock Morton.	Andrew McNeil	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dwayne Whylly (born 26 November 1986) is an association football goalkeeper from The Bahamas who currently plays for Witney United.	Dwayne Whylly	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Franco Sbuttoni (born 1989) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a central defender and his current team is the Atlético Tucumán of First National B.	Franco Sbuttoni	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mpho Matsi (born 7 February 1990 in Mamelodi, Gauteng) is a South African football player who plays as a defender and midfielder for University of Pretoria in the Premier Soccer League.	Mpho Matsi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Paul Hague (born 16 September 1972 in Shotley Bridge, County Durham) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League, as a central defender.	Paul Hague	defender
position played on team / speciality	Viktor Arefyev (Ukrainian: Віктор Леонідович Ареф'єв; born 23 January 1975 in Soviet Union) is a retired professional Ukrainian football forward.	Viktor Arefyev	forward
position played on team / speciality	Dimas Galih Gumilang (born 15 November 1991) is an Indonesian professional footballer who currently plays as a forward for PSGC Ciamis.	Dimas Galih Gumilang	forward
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Gaete Moggia (born 4 November 1987 in Stockholm) is a Swedish born Chilean football midfielder who currently plays for AFC United in Sweden.	Carlos Gaete Moggia	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Liu Shanshan (simplified Chinese: 刘杉杉; traditional Chinese: 劉杉杉; pinyin: Liú Shānshān; born 16 March 1992) is a Chinese football defender who plays on the China women's national football team and for Hebei of the Chinese Women's Super League.	Liu Shanshan	defender
position played on team / speciality	Nikola Aksentijević (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола Аксентијевић; born 9 March 1993) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Belgian club Mouscron-Péruwelz.	Nikola Aksentijević	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mart Dijkstra (born 10 August 1990 in Delfzijl) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Eerste Divisie side Sparta Rotterdam.	Mart Dijkstra	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Joe Calvert (3 February 1907 -- 23 December 1999) was a professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Bristol Rovers, Leicester City and Watford.	Joe Calvert	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jorge Nicolás Mazzina (born 31 January 1979), known as Nicolás Mazzina, is an Argentine footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Nicolás Mazzina	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fabian Weinhandl (born January 3, 1987) is an Austrian professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently under contract to EC Red Bull Salzburg of the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).	Fabian Weinhandl	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Vanderson Válter de Almeida (born 15 January 1978 in Cuiabá, Mato Grosso), known as Vandinho, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Grêmio Esportivo Anápolis as a central midfielder.	Vanderson Válter de Almeida	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Yevhen Kovalenko (Ukrainian: Євген Олегович Коваленко; born 11 August 1992 in Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football midfielder.	Yevhen Kovalenko	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Cristian Dănălache (born 15 July 1982 in Bucharest) is a Romanian football forward who played for Gyeongnam FC in the South Korea.	Cristian Dănălache	forward
position played on team / speciality	Thomas Kojo (born on May 22, 1972) is a Liberian former football defender.	Thomas Kojo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Antonis Georgallides (Greek: Αντώνης Γεωργαλίδης; born January 30, 1982, in Cyprus) is a Cypriot football goalkeeper who currently plays for Omonoia and the Cypriot National Team.	Antonis Georgallides	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dani Bondar (Hebrew: דני בונדר‎; born 7 February 1987 in Moscow) was an Israeli former footballer played as a defender.	Dani Bondar	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ben Payal (born 8 September 1988) is a Luxembourgian footballer (midfielder) who currently plays for CS Fola Esch.	Ben Payal	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Spyros Gogolos (Greek: Σπύρος Γόγολος) is an experienced Greek footballer, currently playing for Aris in the Football League 2, as a defender.	Spyros Gogolos	defender
present in work	Griddlebone is a cat character who appears in T. S. Eliot's collection of poems Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats and also the musical Cats during the song of 'Growltiger's Last Stand'.	Griddlebone	Growltiger's Last Stand
present in work	The Paths of the Dead is a playable level in EA Games' The Lord of the Rings:	Paths of the Dead	The Lord of the Rings
present in work	The Bringers of the First Evil, or Harbingers of Death, are the acolytes of the First Evil in Joss Whedon's TV series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.	Bringers of the First Evil	Buffy the Vampire Slayer
present in work	Heather Kessler, also known as Lady Heather, is a fictional character on the CBS crime drama CSI: Crime Scene Investigation, portrayed by Melinda Clarke.	Lady Heather	CSI: Crime Scene Investigation
present in work	Jean Slater (also Walters) is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Gillian Wright.	Jean Slater	EastEnders
present in work	Janae Timmins (previously Hoyland) is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours, played by Eliza Taylor-Cotter.	Janae Timmins	Neighbours
present in work	Londo Mollari is a fictional character in the universe of the science fiction television series Babylon 5, played by Peter Jurasik.	Londo Mollari	Babylon 5
present in work	Quran ascribes to Solomon a great level of wisdom, knowledge and power Quran 27/15--17 Quran 21/79--82.	Solomon	Quran
present in work	Lucy Baker is a fictional child character in the final two syndicated seasons of the long-running American television series, Lassie (1954-1973).	Lucy Baker	Lassie
present in work	The explanation for these changes is that Celebrimbor as a character, like Galadriel and Gil-galad, first appeared in The Lord of the Rings and then had to be inserted into The Silmarillion, thus leading to multiple changes to their descent.	Celebrimbor	The Silmarillion
publication date	Ikland is a 2011 documentary film about a journey into the mountains of northern Uganda near the Kenyan border and a visit with the notorious Ik people.	Ikland	2011
publication date	Night Fairy (Hangul: 밤의 요정; RR: Bam ui yujeong) is a 1986 South Korean film directed by Nam Ki-nam.	Night Fairy	1986
publication date	Justice Gopinath is a 1978 Indian Tamil film, directed by D. Yoganand.	Justice Gopinath	1978
publication date	The Leghorn Blows at Midnight is a 1949 Foghorn Leghorn cartoon, released by Warner Bros. in 1950, which was directed by Robert McKimson.	The Leghorn Blows at Midnight	1950
publication date	Shadows of Glory (Spanish:Sombras de gloria) is a Spanish-language American film released in 1930.	Shadows of Glory	1930
publication date	Britain's Real Monarch was a historical documentary presented by Tony Robinson first shown on Channel 4 on 3 January 2004.	Britain's Real Monarch	2004
publication date	Enter the Dangerous Mind, also known under its original title of Snap, is a 2013 psychological thriller film that was directed by Youssef Delara and Victor Teran.	Enter the Dangerous Mind	2013
publication date	The Wizard of Stone Mountain is a 2011 fantasy-adventure fan film based upon Mattel's Masters of the Universe franchise and Faust by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe.	The Wizard of Stone Mountain	2011
publication date	Video Fool for Love is a 1996 Australian documentary film by film editor Robert Gibson about his love life.	Video Fool for Love	1996
publication date	A Poet in New York is a British drama television film that was first broadcast, in a 60-minute version, by BBC One Wales on 30 April 2014.	A Poet in New York	2014
publication date	Naajayaz (Illegitimate) is a 1995 Indian Hindi drama film.	Naajayaz	1995
publication date	Les Yeux jaunes des crocodiles (English: The Yellow Eyes of Crocodiles) is a 2014 French drama film directed by Cécile Telerman and based on the best-selling novel Les Yeux jaunes des crocodiles by Katherine Pancol.	Les Yeux jaunes des crocodiles	2014
publication date	The Glowing Hours is a 2012 English live-action short film written, produced and directed by Paul Young and starring Maya Beresford, about a young girl who looks to the past to remember a promise she once made.	The Glowing Hours	2012
publication date	Little Beau Porky is a Looney Tunes cartoon short produced by Leon Schlesinger and released in 1936.	Little Beau Porky	1936
publication date	Il était une fois l’indépendance is a 2009 Malian film.	Il était une fois l’indépendance	2009
publication date	Gowdru (Kannada: ಗೌಡ್ರು) is a 2004 Kannada drama film directed by S. Mahendar.	Gowdru	2004
publication date	The Hobart Shakespeareans of Hobart Boulevard Elementary School is a 2005 documentary film that tells the story of the inspirational inner-city Los Angeles school teacher Rafe Esquith whose rigorous fifth-grade curriculum includes English, mathematics, geography, and literature.	The Hobart Shakespeareans	2005
publication date	Bus 174 (Portuguese: Ônibus 174) is a Brazilian documentary film released on October 22, 2002.	Bus 174	2002
publication date	A Million Colours is a 2011 film directed by Peter Bishai and co-written with Andre Pieterse.	A Million Colours	2011
publication date	Invités Surprises (English: Guests surprised) is a comic film of Côte d'Ivoire issued in 2008, directed by Mike Yoboué.	Invités Surprises	2008
publication date	Pleins feux sur Stanislas (English: Full fires on Stanislas) is a French comedy thriller film from 1965.	Pleins feux sur Stanislas	1965
publication date	Actingclassof1977.com, or Acting Class of 1977, is a 2008 Australian documentary television film that looks at the Australian entertainment industry and the actor-training practices of the National Institute of Dramatic Art during the 1970s.	Actingclassof1977.com	2008
publication date	The Rainbow Man (aka La valle delle rose in Italy) is a 1929 black and white American musical film.	The Rainbow Man	1929
publication date	20 Dates is a 1998 American mockumentary film.	20 Dates	1998
publication date	Remorse, a Story of the Red Plague is a 1917 Australian silent film about a naive country boy who visits the big city and contracts syphilis.	Remorse, a Story of the Red Plague	1917
publication date	100 Days with Mr. Arrogant (aka My Love Ssagaji) is a 2004 South Korean romantic comedy film.	100 Days with Mr. Arrogant	2004
publication date	Love Circus is a 2010 Bengali language romance-drama film written and directed by Dulal Bhowmick.	Love Circus	2010
publication date	Pyare Mohan (Hindi: प्यारे मोहन, Urdu: پیارے موہن) is a Bollywood film released in 2006.	Pyare Mohan	2006
publication date	Pocong vs Kuntilanak is a 2008 horror film, directed and written by David Purnomo, and produced by Zainal Susanto.	Pocong vs Kuntilanak	2008
publication date	A Muse (Hangul: 은교; RR: Eun-gyo) is a 2012 South Korean film adaptation of celebrated author Park Bum-shin's novel Eun-gyo.	A Muse	2012
publication date	24/7 in Love is a 2012 Filipino romantic comedy film directed by John D. Lazatin, Mae Czarina Cruz, Frasco Santos Mortiz and Dado Lumibao from Star Cinema.	24/7 in Love	2012
publication date	Aanandham (English: Happiness) is a 2001 Tamil language family-drama film directed by N. Linguswamy and produced by R. B. Choudary.	Aanandham	2001
publication date	Tale of the Navajos is a 1949 American documentary film written by Harry Chandlee and John A. Haeseler.	Tale of the Navajos	1949
publication date	Patna Se Pakistan (Hindi: पटना से पाकिस्तान) is a 2015 Indian, Bhojpuri language action film directed by Santosh Mishra and produced by Ananjay Raghuraj.	Patna Se Pakistan	2015
publication date	A Street Cat Named Sylvester is a 1953 animated short featuring Sylvester and Tweety.	A Street Cat Named Sylvester	1953
publication date	Forgotten Girls is a 1940 American crime film directed by Phil Rosen and written by F. Hugh Herbert, Joseph Moncure March and George Beck.	Forgotten Girls	1940
publication date	Patrol 03 is a French animated television series that aired in 1997 and was broadcast on Pop, a British TV channel owned and operated by CSC Media Group (formerly Chart Show Channels), a company associated with the makers of The Chart Show, a television programme that had previously been on Channel 4 and ITV,	Patrol 03	1997
publication date	The Smurfs 2 is a 2013 American 3D live-action/computer-animated family comedy film and a sequel to the 2011 film The Smurfs.	The Smurfs 2	2013
publication date	Da Istanbul ordine di uccidere or From Istanbul, Orders To Kill is a 1965 Italian Eurospy film directed by Carlo Ferrero.	Da Istanbul ordine di uccidere	1965
publication date	The Lone Wolf in Paris is a 1938 American film, one of Columbia's Lone Wolf film series.	The Lone Wolf in Paris	1938
publication date	The Handbook of Australian Sea-birds is a book published in 1971 by A.H. & A.W. Reed in Sydney.	The Handbook of Australian Sea-birds	1971
publication date	Diamonds of the Night (Czech: Démanty noci) is a Czech 1964 film about two boys on the run from a train taking them to a concentration camp.	Diamonds of the Night	1964
publication date	Can't Stop Dancing is a 1999 feature-length film written and directed by Steven Falick and Ben Zook and starring Ben Zook.	Can't Stop Dancing	1999
publication date	Jenny of the Prairie is a video game developed by Rhiannon Software and published by Addison-Wesley for the Apple IIe in 1984.	Jenny of the Prairie	1984
publication date	The Shattered Illusion is a 1928 Australian silent film about a rich financier who is shipwrecked.	The Shattered Illusion	1928
publication date	Cappy Ricks Returns is a 1935 American comedy film directed by Mack V. Wright and written by George Waggner.	Cappy Ricks Returns	1935
publication date	Filming of Even as IOU was completed April 18--22, 1942.	Even as IOU	1942
publication date	Wizard People, Dear Reader, released in 2004, is an unauthorized, alternative soundtrack to Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, written by Brad Neely, a comic book artist from Fort Smith, Arkansas.	Wizard People, Dear Reader	2004
publication date	Haunts of the Very Rich is a 1972 made-for-TV thriller, broadcast as an ABC Movie of the Week.	Haunts of the Very Rich	1972
publication date	The Secret of the Loch is a 1934 film about the Loch Ness Monster.	The Secret of the Loch	1934
publication date	Cichlisuite is the sixth EP by Autechre and was released 26 August 1997.	Cichlisuite	26 August 1997
publication date	Carlton + Godard = Cinema is a 2003 Australian documentary about the Carlton film scene of the 1960s, including the work of such directors as Giorgio Mangiamele, Brian Davies, .	Carlton + Godard = Cinema	2003
publication date	Man in a Blue Vase is an Australian television one-off comedy presentation which aired in 1960.	Man in a Blue Vase	1960
publication date	Naa Ninna Bidalaare is a 1979 Indian Kannada horror film directed by Vijay and produced by C. Jayaram.	Naa Ninna Bidalaare	1979
publication date	The Grand Escapade is a 1946 British family adventure film directed by John Baxter and starring James Harcourt, Patric Curwen and Peter Bull.	The Grand Escapade	1946
publication date	13Hrs is a 2010 British horror film directed by Jonathan Glendening.	13Hrs	2010
publication date	Matrimonio alla moda is a 1951 Italian documentary short film.	Matrimonio alla moda	1951
publication date	I'm a Stranger is a 1952 British comedy film directed by Brock Williams and starring Greta Gynt, James Hayter and Hector Ross.	I'm a Stranger	1952
publication date	The Red String is a 2004 documentary film about four adopted Chinese girls and their single mother parents.	The Red String	2004
publication date	Kalakkura Chandru is a low-budget Tamil film released in 2007.	Kalakkura Chandru	2007
publication date	Koryo Celadon is a 1979 American short documentary film directed by Paul Raimondi about Goryeo dynasty pottery.	Koryo Celadon	1979
publication date	A Matter of Size (Hebrew: סיפור גדול‎) is a 2009 Israeli film.	A Matter of Size	2009
publication date	Naan Rajavaga Pogiren (English:I am going to become a King) is a 2013 Tamil action film co-written and directed by Prithvi Rajkumar, assistant of Vetrimaaran and writer of Sathyaraj starrer Lootty and 6.2.	Naan Rajavaga Pogiren	2013
publication date	Sombra verde (``Green Shade'') is a 1954 Mexican film written by Luis Alcoriza.	Sombra verde	1954
publication date	Venus Doom is the sixth studio album by Finnish band, HIM, released on 14 September 2007 (Germany, Finland, Sweden and Ireland), 17 September 2007 internationally and 18 September 2007 in the United States.	Venus Doom	18 September 2007
publication date	Made in Ash (Slovak: Až do mesta Aš) is a 2012 Slovak drama film directed by Iveta Grófová.	Made in Ash	2012
publication date	Pingu at the Wedding Party (also known as A Very Special Wedding or Pingu: The Movie) is a 1997 television film featuring the British-Swiss character Pingu.	Pingu at the Wedding Party	1997
publication date	Lamborghini American Challenge (previously released as Crazy Cars III) is a 1993 racing video game developed and published by Titus Interactive for the Super Nintendo, Atari ST, Amiga CD32, Game Boy, PC DOS and Commodore 64.	Lamborghini American Challenge	1993
publication date	Okkadine is a 2013 Telugu film directed by Srinivas Raga and produced by C.V Reddy under Gulabi movies.	Okkadine	2013
publication date	Forbidden World, originally titled Mutant, is a 1982 American cult classic science fiction/horror film.	Forbidden World	1982
publication date	Flying Disc Man from Mars is a 12-episode 1950 Republic film serial.	Flying Disc Man from Mars	1950
publication date	Alien Express (formerly known as Dead Rail) is a 2005 film directed by Turi Meyer and stars Lou Diamond Phillips, Amy Locane, Barry Corbin, and Todd Bridges.	Alien Express	2005
publication date	Hammer House of Horror is a British television series made in 1980.	Hammer House of Horror	1980
publication date	Red Swastik is a 2007 Bollywood erotic thriller film directed by Vinod Pande.	Red Swastik	2007
publication date	Your Very Good Health is a 1948 British animated public information film about the foundation of the National Health Service (NHS).	Your Very Good Health	1948
publication date	All Pink Inside is Frijid Pink's fourth album, released in 1975.	All Pink Inside	1975
publication date	Horrors of Spider Island (German: Ein Toter hing im Netz, ``A Dead One Hung in the Web'') is a 1960 West German horror film directed by Fritz Böttger.	Horrors of Spider Island	1960
publication date	The Flying Fox in the Snowy Mountains is a two-part 1964 Hong Kong film based on Louis Cha's novel Fox Volant of the Snowy Mountain.	The Flying Fox in the Snowy Mountains	1964
publication date	Una Película de Huevos (Spanish for A Movie of Eggs) is a 2006 animated Mexican adventure comedy film produced by Huevocartoon Producciones (Eggcartoon Productions).	Una Película de Huevos	2006
publication date	X to Y is a 2009 short film written and directed by Matt Sobel and shot on location in White Sands, New Mexico.	X to Y	2009
publication date	If It Moves, Shoot It! is a computer game developed by Brøderbund Software in 1989 for the PC (DOS).	If It Moves, Shoot It!	1989
publication date	Enga Thambi (English: Our Brother) is a 1993 Tamil language Indian film directed by S. D. Saba.	Enga Thambi	1993
publication date	The Woman from China is a 1930 British crime film directed by Edward Dryhurst and starring Julie Suedo, Gibb McLaughlin and Frances Cuyler.	The Woman from China	1930
publication date	The Squawkin' Hawk is an American animated cartoon short in the Merrie Melodies series, first released to theatres on 8 October 1942.	The Squawkin' Hawk	1942
publication date	Viva Freedom! (자유만세, Jayu Manse, aka Hurrah! For Freedom) is a 1946 Korean film directed by Choi In-kyu.	Viva Freedom!	1946
publication date	My Uncle Rafael is a 2012 film directed by Marc Fusco.	My Uncle Rafael	2012
publication date	Revolution '67 is a 2007 documentary film about the black rebellions of the 1960s.	Revolution '67	2007
publication date	Dulari Bibi is a 1933 Hindi/Urdu comedy film.	Dulari Bibi	1933
publication date	The Last Days on Mars is a 2013 science fiction-horror film directed by Ruairí Robinson with a screenplay by Clive Dawson, based on the short story ``The Animators'' by Sydney J. Bounds.	The Last Days on Mars	2013
publication date	Mechanical Love is a 2007 documentary by Danish filmmaker Phie Ambo about Hiroshi Ishiguro and his work on robots that resemble humans (gynoids and androids).	Mechanical Love	2007
publication date	Dead Meat is a 2004 Irish zombie film written and directed by Conor McMahon, starring Spanish theatre actress Marian Araujo and veteran Irish actor Eoin Whelan.	Dead Meat	2004
publication date	Mesquite Buckaroo is a 1939 American black-and-white Western film.	Mesquite Buckaroo	1939
publication date	The Murder of Captain Fryatt is a 1917 Australian silent film about the execution of Captain Charles Fryatt during World War I from John and Agnes Gavin.	The Murder of Captain Fryatt	1917
publication date	Sayoojyam is a 1979 Indian Malayalam film, directed by G Premkumar and produced by .	Sayoojyam	1979
publication date	Jönssonligan dyker upp igen (English: The Johnson Gang Resurface or The Return of the Johnson Gang) is a 1986 Swedish comedy film, one of a series of films made about Jönssonligan, a gang of criminals.	Jönssonligan dyker upp igen	1986
publication date	In 2015, ``Shooting an Elephant'' was adapted into a short film by director Juan Pablo Rothie and Academy Award nominated writer Alec Sokolow.	Shooting an Elephant	2015
publication date	Parisile Ardharaathrikal is a 1988 Indian Malayalam film, directed and produced by KS Rajan.	Parisile Ardharaathrikal	1988
publication date	Monkey Shines (sometimes called Monkey Shines: An Experiment in Fear) is an American horror film originally released in 1988.	Monkey Shines	1988
publication date	Maftuningman (Delighted by You) (Uzbek: Maftuningman, Мафтунингман; Russian: Очарован тобой) is a 1958 black-and-white Uzbek musical/comedy produced by Yoʻldosh Aʼzamov.	Maftuningman	1958
publication date	The Hidden World is a 1958 American science documentary film produced by Robert Snyder.	The Hidden World	1958
publication date	``Big Time Sensuality'' is a song by Icelandic recording artist Björk, released as the fourth single from her 1993 album Debut (1993).	Big Time Sensuality	1993
publication date	I Can Stand a Little Rain is the fourth studio album by Joe Cocker, released in 1974 (see 1974 in music).	I Can Stand a Little Rain	1974
publication date	Santa Hunters is a 2014 made for TV movie created for Nickelodeon.	Santa Hunters	2014
publication date	Vayuputra (Kannada: ವಾಯುಪುತ್ರ) is a 2009 Indian Kannada romantic action film directed by Kishore Sarja and produced by his brother, actor Arjun Sarja.	Vayuputra	2009
publication date	Beverly Hills Chihuahua 2 is a 2011 direct-to-DVD sequel to the family comedy film Beverly Hills Chihuahua, the second film in the Beverly Hills Chihuaha series.	Beverly Hills Chihuahua 2	2011
publication date	Gente de bien (English: ``Decent people'') is a 2014 French-Colombian drama film written and directed by Franco Lolli.	Gente de bien	2014
publication date	Too Fat Too Furious (Dutch: Vet hard) is a 2005 Dutch action comedy film.	Too Fat Too Furious	2005
publication date	V for Visa was released on 26 August 2013 and had its North American premiere at the Robert de Nero's Tribeca Film Centre as part of the Bootleg Film Festival in New York where McPhail picked up the Best Director accolade.	V for Visa	2013
publication date	Wrath of the Gods is a 1994 adventure-style computer game.	Wrath of the Gods	1994
publication date	Cross Country USA is a 1985 edutainment videogame by Didatech.	Cross Country USA	1985
publication date	The Book of Stars is a 1999 American drama film about two sisters, both of whom are on the down slopes of their lives but in entirely different ways.	The Book of Stars	1999
publication date	Poor Tom Is Cold is 2004 made-for-TV film starring Peter Outerbridge, Colm Meaney, Keeley Hawes and Flora Montgomery.	Poor Tom Is Cold	2004
publication date	Saving Sarah Cain is a 2007 film based on Beverly Lewis' 2000 novel The Redemption of Sarah Cain.	Saving Sarah Cain	2007
publication date	Edhuvum Nadakkum (English: Anything Can Happen) is a 2009 Indian Tamil-language action film written and directed by newcomer R. Rosario.	Edhuvum Nadakkum	2009
publication date	Sex After Kids is a Canadian comedy film, written and directed by Jeremy Lalonde and released in 2013.	Sex After Kids	2013
publication date	Simon and Laura is a 1954 stage comedy by Alan Melville that in 1955 became a Rank Organisation film produced at Pinewood Studios.	Simon and Laura	1955
publication date	First published in 1979 by Berita Publishing, The Kampung Boy was a commercial and critical success; its first printing (of at least 60,000 copies, 16 times) was sold out within four months of its release.	The Kampung Boy	1979
publication date	Low and Behold is a 2007 film by director Zack Godshall.	Low and Behold	2007
publication date	Robin of Sherlock is a 1985 adventure video game developed by Delta 4 and published by Silversoft.	Robin of Sherlock	1985
publication date	Circe, the Enchantress was a 1924 American silent drama film directed by Robert Z. Leonard.	Circe, the Enchantress	1924
publication date	Man Jaiye is a 1972 Bollywood drama film directed by B.R. Ishara.	Man Jaiye	1972
publication date	Machakaaran is a 2007 Indian Tamil film written and directed by Tamilvannan of Kalvanin Kadhali fame.	Machakaaran	2007
publication date	Absolute Killers (aka Witness Insecurity, aka Snitch) is a 2011 American thriller film directed by Heather Hale.	Witness Insecurity	2011
publication date	Tiger Orange is an American drama film, released in 2014.	Tiger Orange	2014
publication date	Panzer General is a computer wargame published by Strategic Simulations in 1994 and set in World War II.	Panzer General	1994
publication date	La escopeta nacional (in English, The National Shotgun) is a 1978 Spanish comedy film directed by Luis García Berlanga.	La escopeta nacional	1978
publication date	Shut Up and Shoot Me (Czech: Sklapni a zastřel mě) is a 2005 Czech black comedy film.	Shut Up and Shoot Me	2005
publisher	Rise of the Kasai is an action game developed by BottleRocket Entertainment and published by Sony Computer Entertainment America for the PlayStation 2.	Rise of the Kasai	Sony Computer Entertainment
publisher	Palace of the Red Sun is a BBC Books original novel written by Christopher Bulis and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.	Palace of the Red Sun	BBC Books
publisher	Sonic Chaos is a platform game for the Sega Master System developed by Aspect and published and released by Sega in Europe on October 25, 1993.	Sonic Chaos	Sega
publisher	Canadian Journal of Administrative Sciences (French: Revue Canadienne des Sciences de l'Administration) is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Administrative Sciences Association of Canada.	Canadian Journal of Administrative Sciences	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	Johnny Mackintosh and the Spirit of London is the first novel in a series of young adult books written by Keith Mansfield and published by Quercus.	Johnny Mackintosh and the Spirit of London	Quercus
publisher	Inventiones Mathematicae is a mathematical journal published monthly by Springer Science+Business Media.	Inventiones Mathematicae	Springer Science+Business Media
publisher	Rat Girl is a memoir published in 2010 by Penguin Books and written by Kristin Hersh, a guitarist, songwriter, and singer who has performed as a solo artist, and as guitarist/lead singer of the alternative rock band Throwing Muses.	Rat Girl	Penguin Books
publisher	The Loyola Consumer Law Review (CLR), is a student-run legal journal affiliated with the Loyola University Chicago School of Law.	Loyola Consumer Law Review	Loyola University Chicago School of Law
publisher	Monday or Tuesday is a 1921 short story collection by Virginia Woolf published by The Hogarth Press.	Monday or Tuesday	Hogarth Press
publisher	Mini-Munchman is a handheld electronic game that was released in 1981 in the UK by Grandstand.	Mini-Munchman	Grandstand
publisher	Nature and Culture is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Berghahn Books that covers the historical and contemporary relationships that societies have with nature.	Nature and Culture	Berghahn Books
publisher	Pattern Recognition Letters is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that is published by North Holland, an imprint of Elsevier, on behalf of the International Association for Pattern Recognition.	Pattern Recognition Letters	Elsevier
publisher	Phytochemical Analysis is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal established in 1991 and published by John Wiley & Sons.	Phytochemical Analysis	John Wiley & Sons
publisher	Super Smash Bros., known in Japan as Dairantō Smash Brothers (Japanese: 大乱闘スマッシュブラザーズ Hepburn: Dairantō Sumasshu Burazāzu, lit. ``Great Melee Smash Brothers''), is a series of crossover fighting games published by Nintendo, that primarily featuring characters from franchises established on its systems.	Super Smash Bros.	Nintendo
publisher	The Brighter Buccaneer is a collection of short stories by Leslie Charteris, first published in the United Kingdom by Hodder and Stoughton in June 1933.	The Brighter Buccaneer	Hodder and Stoughton
publisher	The Annals of Oncology is a peer-reviewed medical journal of oncology, published by Oxford University Press.	Annals of Oncology	Oxford University Press
publisher	Diner Dash is a strategy video game and time management initially developed by New York City-based American game development studio Gamelab and published by San Francisco-based PlayFirst.	Diner Dash	PlayFirst
publisher	The Story of Little Black Sambo is a children's book written and illustrated by Helen Bannerman, and first published by Grant Richards in October 1899 as one in a series of small-format books called The Dumpy Books for Children.	The Story of Little Black Sambo	Grant Richards
publisher	In August 1997, shortly before the game's release, The Logic Factory announced they had split with Broderbund and would publish The Tone Rebellion under Virgin Interactive.	The Tone Rebellion	Virgin Interactive
publisher	The European Review of Economic History is an international peer-reviewed academic journal published three times per year by Cambridge University Press in association with the European Historical Economics Society.	European Review of Economic History	Cambridge University Press
record label	The Land of Rape and Honey is the third studio album by industrial metal band Ministry, released in 1988 on Sire Records.	The Land of Rape and Honey	Sire Records
record label	Combustication was MMW's first album for the renowned jazz label Blue Note Records, and also marked a stylistic shift for the band, with a deeper groove and the notable infusion of rhythmic influences from Hip hop and a variety of other styles.	Combustication	Blue Note Records
record label	CD single (Zomba / Sony BMG / 82876 686403 2) ``Mijn houten hart'' 3:23 ``Mijn houten hart'' (Instrumental) 3:23	Mijn houten hart	Sony BMG
record label	Tightly Unwound (2008) is the seventh studio album by The Pineapple Thief, and their first album released by Kscope.	Tightly Unwound	Kscope
record label	Chicago, Detroit, Redruth is a full length album by Luke Vibert, released in 2007 on Planet Mu.	Chicago, Detroit, Redruth	Planet Mu
record label	To Willie is the fourth full-length album by Phosphorescent, and their second on the Dead Oceans label.	To Willie	Dead Oceans
record label	Original Masters is a greatest hits album by Jethro Tull released under Chrysalis Records in 1985.	Original Masters	Chrysalis Records
record label	Be My Echo is a studio album by Kid Icarus released in 2002 by Summersteps Records.	Be My Echo	Summersteps Records
record label	No Cigar is an EP by the Swedish punk rock band Millencolin, released on May 8, 2001 by Burning Heart Records in Sweden, Epitaph Records in North America, and Shock Records in Australia.	No Cigar	Burning Heart Records	Epitaph Records
record label	``(If There Was) Any Other Way'' was released by Columbia Records as the album's lead single in Canada on 26 March 1990.	(If There Was) Any Other Way	Columbia Records
record label	Yes Please! was the last studio album that the British band Happy Mondays recorded before leaving Factory Records.	Yes Please!	Factory Records
record label	Emotion Is Dead is the second studio album by the Greensburg, Pennsylvania, band The Juliana Theory, released on August 29, 2000, on Tooth & Nail Records.	Emotion Is Dead	Tooth & Nail Records
record label	Let England Shake is the eighth studio album by English singer-songwriter and musician PJ Harvey, released on 11 February 2011 by Island Records.	Let England Shake	Island Records
record label	Kinshasa One Two is an album recorded by Damon Albarn alongside ten producers of the newly established DRC Music (Democratic Republic of the Congo Music) group, to benefit Oxfam's work in Congo.	Kinshasa One Two	Oxfam
record label	Across the Borders, a live album by Battlefield Band, was released in 1997 on the Temple Records label.	Across the Borders	Temple Records
record label	Love & Emotion was the third album from the ``king of freestyle'', Stevie B. It was released in 1990 on RCA Records (see 1990 in music).	Love & Emotion	RCA Records
record label	Djin Djin is the eighth studio album by Beninese singer Angélique Kidjo, released on April 27, 2007 (see 2007 in music) on Razor & Tie.	Djin Djin	Razor & Tie
record label	No More Looking over My Shoulder is American country music artist Travis Tritt's sixth album, released on Warner Bros. Records in 1998.	No More Looking over My Shoulder	Warner Bros. Records
record label	Hip Hug-Her is the fifth studio album by the Southern soul band Booker T. & the M.G.'s, released on Stax Records in June 1967.	Hip Hug-Her	Stax Records
record label	Old Ways is the fourteenth studio album by Canadian musician and singer-songwriter Neil Young, released on August 12, 1985 on Geffen Records.	Old Ways	Geffen Records
record label	In 2001, Cannibal Ox released the first album The Cold Vein on Definitive Jux.	Cannibal Ox	Definitive Jux
record label	``Forever Came Today'' is a 1967 song written and produced by the Motown collective of Holland--	Forever Came Today	Motown
record label	Bitches Brew is a studio double album by jazz musician Miles Davis, released on March 30, 1970 on Columbia Records.	Bitches Brew	Columbia Records
record label	``When Mercy Found Me'' is a song by Christian Alternative-Southern Rock group Rhett Walker Band from their debut studio album, Come to the River on Essential Records.	When Mercy Found Me	Essential Records
record label	Sings Hank Williams is the seventh album by American country and rock and roll singer Johnny Cash, released under Sun Records on September 15, 1960.	Sings Hank Williams	Sun Records
record label	Southern Child was Little Richard's fourth and final album for Reprise Records, due to be released in 1972.	Southern Child	Reprise Records
record label	``Sweet and Tender Hooligan'' is a song by The Smiths, recorded in 1986, and released as a single in May 1995 by their American record company Sire Records.	Sweet and Tender Hooligan	Sire Records
record label	Too Much Fun! is the ninth studio album by psychedelic folk band The Holy Modal Rounders, released on July 13, 1999 through Rounder Records.	Too Much Fun!	Rounder Records
record label	And Their Refinement of the Decline is the seventh studio album by Stars of the Lid, which was released by Kranky Records in April 2007.	And Their Refinement of the Decline	Kranky Records
record label	In the Absence of Truth is the fourth full-length studio album by Los Angeles, California-based post-metal band Isis, released by Ipecac Recordings on 31 October 2006.	In the Absence of Truth	Ipecac Recordings
record label	Skankin' Pickle Fever is the second studio album by American ska punk band Skankin' Pickle, released in 1992 on the band's own label, Dill Records.	Skankin' Pickle Fever	Dill Records
record label	Making Circles is the second album released by indie rock band The Seldon Plan, released in April 2005 by OTPRecords and re-released in September 2005 by Magnatune.	Making Circles	Magnatune
record label	Rokenrol is a 2002 album by the Red Elvises.	Rokenrol	Red Elvises
record label	Down for the Count is the seventh studio album by American hard rock/heavy metal band Y&T, released in 1985 through A&M Records.	Down for the Count	A&M Records
record label	``Praise You In This Storm'' is a song recorded by contemporary Christian music band Casting Crowns, released by Beach Street and Reunion Records.	Praise You In This Storm	Reunion Records
record label	Ex-Sensitive is the second album by Scottish/American singer Ben Jelen and is his first release on Linda Perry's Custard Records.	Ex-Sensitive	Custard Records
screenwriter	The Hoober-Bloob Highway is an animated musical special written by Dr. Seuss and produced by DePatie-Freleng Enterprises for CBS in 1975.	The Hoober-Bloob Highway	Dr. Seuss
screenwriter	Carom Shots (French: Carambolages) is a 1963 French comedy film directed by Marcel Bluwal.	Carom Shots	Marcel Bluwal
screenwriter	Quantum Love (French: Une rencontre) is a 2014 French film written and directed by Lisa Azuelos and starring Sophie Marceau and François Cluzet.	Quantum Love	Lisa Azuelos
screenwriter	Moritz, Dear Moritz (German: Moritz, lieber Moritz) is a 1978 West German drama film directed by Hark Bohm.	Moritz, Dear Moritz	Hark Bohm
screenwriter	The Finishers (French: De toutes nos forces) is a 2013 French drama film directed by Nils Tavernier.	The Finishers	Nils Tavernier
screenwriter	Lemonade Joe, or the Horse Opera (Czech: Limonádový Joe aneb Koňská opera) is a 1964 Czechoslovak musical comedy film, directed by Oldřich Lipský and written by Jiří Brdečka, based on his novel and stage play.	Lemonade Joe	Jiří Brdečka
screenwriter	The Legend of Zorro is a 2005 American swashbuckler adventure film and sequel to The Mask of Zorro (1998), directed by Martin Campbell, produced by Walter F. Parkes, Laurie MacDonald and Lloyd Phillips with music by James Horner and written by Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman.	The Legend of Zorro	Roberto Orci	Alex Kurtzman
screenwriter	Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam (English: I Have Given My Heart Away Darling) is a 1999 Bollywood romantic drama film directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali.	Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam	Sanjay Leela Bhansali
screenwriter	The Expendables 2 is a 2012 American ensemble action film directed by Simon West, written by Richard Wenk and Sylvester Stallone and based on a story by Ken Kaufman, David Agosto and Wenk.	The Expendables 2	Richard Wenk	Sylvester Stallone
screenwriter	Mister Scarface (originally l Padroni della città, also known as Rulers of the City) is a 1976 Italian poliziottesco film directed by Fernando Di Leo and starring Jack Palance.	Mister Scarface	Fernando Di Leo
screenwriter	Dead Tired (French: Grosse Fatigue) is a 1994 French comedy film directed by Michel Blanc.	Dead Tired	Michel Blanc
screenwriter	Welcome in Vienna (German: Wohin und zurück - Welcome in Vienna) is a 1986 Austrian drama film directed by Axel Corti.	Welcome in Vienna	Axel Corti
screenwriter	Betrayed by a Handprint is a 1908 American silent short crime film directed by D. W. Griffith.	Betrayed by a Handprint	D. W. Griffith
screenwriter	We Are All in Temporary Liberty (Italian: Siamo tutti in libertà provvisoria) is a 1971 Italian crime drama film written and directed by Manlio Scarpelli.	We Are All in Temporary Liberty	Manlio Scarpelli
screenwriter	The Cézanne Affair (Italian: L'uomo nero) is a 2009 Italian comedy drama film written, directed and starred by Sergio Rubini.	The Cézanne Affair	Sergio Rubini
screenwriter	The Musician Killer (French: L'Assassin musicien) is a 1976 French drama film directed by Benoît Jacquot and starring Anna Karina.	The Musician Killer	Benoît Jacquot
screenwriter	More American Graffiti is a 1979 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Bill L. Norton.	More American Graffiti	Bill L. Norton
screenwriter	Assignment K is a 1968 Technicolor British thriller film directed by Val Guest in Techniscope, and starring Stephen Boyd, Camilla Sparv, Michael Redgrave and Leo McKern.	Assignment K	Val Guest
screenwriter	A major concern of Chris Fedak and Josh Schwartz was that audiences would mistake the previous episode for the season finale, however Fedak described ``Chuck Versus the Ring'' as a ``cataclysmic bit of action-comedy,'' and promised that it would be even bigger than ``Chuck Versus the Colonel.''	Chuck Versus the Ring	Chris Fedak
screenwriter	Based on the 2001 novel An Invisible Sign of My Own by Aimee Bender, the film is about a painfully withdrawn young woman who, as a child, turned to math for comfort after her father became ill, and now as an adult, teaches the subject and must help her students through their own crises.	An Invisible Sign	Aimee Bender
screenwriter	Summer Night (Italian: Notte d'estate con profilo greco, occhi a mandorla e odore di basilico, also known as Summer Night with Greek Profile, Almond Eyes and Scent of Basil) is a 1986 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Lina Wertmüller.	Summer Night	Lina Wertmüller
screenwriter	My Dinner with Andre is a 1981 film starring Andre Gregory and Wallace Shawn, written by Gregory and Shawn, and directed by Louis Malle.	My Dinner with Andre	Wallace Shawn
screenwriter	Our Last Spring (Greek: Ερόικα, translit. Eroica) is a 1960 Greek drama film directed by Michael Cacoyannis and based on the 1938 novel ``Eroica'' by Greek writer Kosmas Politis.	Our Last Spring	Michael Cacoyannis
screenwriter	The Scarlet Claw is a 1944 Sherlock Holmes movie directed by Roy William Neill, starring Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce.	The Scarlet Claw	Roy William Neill
screenwriter	Bigger Than Life is an American DeLuxe Color CinemaScope film made in 1956 directed by Nicholas Ray and starring James Mason, who also co-wrote and produced the film, about a school teacher and family man whose life spins out of control upon becoming addicted to cortisone.	Bigger Than Life	Nicholas Ray	James Mason
screenwriter	I'll Follow You Down is a 2013 Canadian techno-thriller written and directed by Richie Mehta.	I'll Follow You Down	Richie Mehta
screenwriter	Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome (also known as Mad Max 3: Beyond Thunderdome or simply Mad Max 3) is a 1985 Australian post-apocalyptic action adventure film directed by George Miller and George Ogilvie, distributed by Warner Bros., and written by Miller and Terry Hayes.	Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome	George Miller	Terry Hayes
screenwriter	Master of the Flying Guillotine is a 1976 Taiwanese wuxia film starring Jimmy Wang Yu, who also wrote and directed the film.	Master of the Flying Guillotine	Jimmy Wang
screenwriter	L'infermiera nella corsia dei militari, internationally released as The Nurse in the Military Madhouse, is a 1979 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Mariano Laurenti.	The Nurse in the Military Madhouse	Mariano Laurenti
screenwriter	The Idiots (Danish: Idioterne) is a 1998 Danish comedy-drama film directed by Lars von Trier.	The Idiots	Lars von Trier
screenwriter	SLC Punk! is a 1998 American comedy-drama film written and directed by James Merendino.	SLC Punk!	James Merendino
screenwriter	Nasser Asphalt (Wet Asphalt) is a 1958 West-German thriller starring Horst Buchholz and featuring Gert Fröbe, written by Will Tremper and directed by Frank Wisbar.	Nasser Asphalt	Will Tremper
screenwriter	Marie Antoinette Queen of France (French: Marie-Antoinette reine de France and also known as Shadow of the Guillotine) is a French language motion picture historical drama directed by Jean Delannoy who co-wrote screenplay with Pierre Erlanger and Bernard Zimmer.	Marie Antoinette Queen of France	Jean Delannoy
screenwriter	Cloverfield is a 2008 American found footage science fiction monster horror film directed by Matt Reeves, produced by J. J. Abrams and Bryan Burk, and written by Drew Goddard.	Cloverfield	Drew Goddard
screenwriter	5 Card Stud is a 1968 Western Mystery directed by Henry Hathaway and starring Dean Martin and Robert Mitchum, The script, based on a novel by Ray Gaulden, was written by Marguerite Roberts, who also wrote the screenplay of True Grit for Hathaway the following year.	5 Card Stud	Marguerite Roberts
screenwriter	The Little Devil (original Italian name Il piccolo diavolo) is a 1988 Italian film directed by and starring Roberto Benigni, also starring Walter Matthau, Stefania Sandrelli, Nicoletta Braschi and John Lurie.	The Little Devil	Roberto Benigni
screenwriter	Alex in Wonderland is a 1970 American comedy-drama film directed by Paul Mazursky, written with his partner Larry Tucker, starring Donald Sutherland and Ellen Burstyn.	Alex in Wonderland	Paul Mazursky
screenwriter	Rencontres (English title: Meetings) is a 1962 French language motion picture drama directed by Philippe Agostini who co-wrote screenplay with Odette Joyeux and Bertram L. Lonsdale.	Rencontres	Philippe Agostini
screenwriter	The Archangel (Italian: L'arcangelo) is a 1969 Italian comedy film directed by Giorgio Capitani and starring Vittorio Gassman.	The Archangel	Giorgio Capitani
screenwriter	Natale a New York (Christmas in New York) is a 2006 Italian comedy film directed by Neri Parenti, with Christian De Sica and Massimo Ghini.	Natale a New York	Neri Parenti
screenwriter	Practically Yours is a 1944 comedic film made by Paramount Pictures, directed by Mitchell Leisen, written by Norman Krasna, and starring Claudette Colbert and Fred MacMurray.	Practically Yours	Norman Krasna
screenwriter	The Son's Room (Italian: La stanza del figlio) is a 2001 Italian film directed, written, produced by and starring Nanni Moretti.	The Son's Room	Nanni Moretti
screenwriter	We Were Strangers is a 1949 adventure--drama film directed by John Huston and starring Jennifer Jones and John Garfield.	We Were Strangers	John Huston
screenwriter	The Astronaut's Wife is a 1999 American science fiction thriller film directed and written by Rand Ravich.	The Astronaut's Wife	Rand Ravich
screenwriter	Investigation of a Citizen Above Suspicion (Italian: Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto) is a 1970 Italian crime drama film directed by Elio Petri.	Investigation of a Citizen Above Suspicion	Elio Petri
screenwriter	The Harvest Month (Finnish: Elokuu) is a 1956 Finnish drama film directed by Matti Kassila.	The Harvest Month	Matti Kassila
screenwriter	Waltz with Bashir (Hebrew: ואלס עם באשיר‎, translit. Vals Im Bashir) is a 2008 Israeli animated war documentary film written and directed by Ari Folman.	Waltz with Bashir	Ari Folman
screenwriter	Nénette et Boni (English: Nenette and Boni) is a 1996 feature film directed by Claire Denis, written by Denis in collaboration with Jean-Pol Fargeau.	Nénette et Boni	Claire Denis	Jean-Pol Fargeau
screenwriter	The Place Beyond the Pines is a 2012 American crime drama film directed by Derek Cianfrance and written by Cianfrance, Ben Coccio, and Darius Marder.	The Place Beyond the Pines	Derek Cianfrance	Ben Coccio
screenwriter	Journey to Italy, also known as Voyage to Italy (Italian: Viaggio in Italia) is a 1954 Italian drama film directed by Roberto Rossellini and starring Ingrid Bergman and George Sanders.	Journey to Italy	Roberto Rossellini
screenwriter	Pure as a Lily (Italian: Come una rosa al naso) is a 1976 comedy film directed by Franco Rossi and starring Vittorio Gassman.	Pure as a Lily	Franco Rossi
screenwriter	Two If by Sea (also known in the United Kingdom as Stolen Hearts) is a 1996 American romantic comedy film directed by Bill Bennett, and starring Sandra Bullock and Denis Leary.	Two If by Sea	Denis Leary
screenwriter	Tommy Boy is a 1995 American road comedy film directed by Peter Segal, written by Bonnie and Terry Turner, produced by Lorne Michaels, and starring former Saturday Night Live castmates and close friends Chris Farley and David Spade.	Tommy Boy	Bonnie and Terry Turner
screenwriter	Bonjour Monsieur Shlomi (Hebrew title: Ha-Kochavim Shel Shlomi הכוכבים של שלומי - Shlomi's Stars) is a 2003 film written and directed by Shemi Zarhin.	Bonjour Monsieur Shlomi	Shemi Zarhin
screenwriter	Man Under Suspicion (German: Morgen in Alabama) is a 1984 West German film directed by Norbert Kückelmann.	Man Under Suspicion	Norbert Kückelmann
screenwriter	Rocky IV is a 1985 American sports film written, directed by, and starring Sylvester Stallone.	Rocky IV	Sylvester Stallone
screenwriter	Courage - Let's Run (or Courage fuyons) is a French romantic comedy film directed by Yves Robert.	Courage - Let's Run	Yves Robert
screenwriter	Steamboat Willie is a 1928 American animated short film directed by Walt Disney and Ub Iwerks.	Steamboat Willie	Walt Disney	Ub Iwerks
screenwriter	Heavenly Pursuits (knows as Gospel According to Vic in some territories) is a 1986 Scottish comedy film written and directed by Charles Gormley and starring Tom Conti, Helen Mirren, and David Hayman.	Heavenly Pursuits	Tom Conti	Helen Mirren	David Hayman
screenwriter	Seagulls Fly Low (Italian: I gabbiani volano basso) is a 1978 Italian crime film written and directed by Giorgio Cristallini and starring Maurizio Merli, Nathalie Delon and Mel Ferrer.	Seagulls Fly Low	Giorgio Cristallini
screenwriter	Fante-Anne (Gypsy Anne) is a Norwegian silent film from 1920 directed by Rasmus Breistein.	Fante-Anne	Rasmus Breistein
screenwriter	The Wedding Director (Italian: Il regista di matrimoni) is a 2006 Italian drama film directed by Marco Bellocchio.	The Wedding Director	Marco Bellocchio
series	Banco à Bangkok pour OSS 117 released in the USA as Shadow of Evil is a 1964 French/Italian international co-production Eurospy spy-fi film.	Shadow of Evil	OSS 117
series	``He's Alive'' is a fourth-season episode of The Twilight Zone.	He's Alive	The Twilight Zone
series	``Previously Unaired Christmas'' is the eighth episode and fall finale of the fifth season of the American musical television series Glee, and the ninety-sixth episode overall.	Previously Unaired Christmas	Glee
series	The Renault Symbol, or Thalia in some markets, is a supermini car produced by the French automobile manufacturer Renault.	Renault Symbol	supermini
series	``The Third Conchord'' is the twelfth and final episode of the first season of the HBO comedy series Flight of the Conchords.	The Third Conchord	Flight of the Conchords
series	Jimmy Was Kung-Fu Fighting is the Twelfth episode of season one of the television sitcom Grounded for Life.	Jimmy Was Kung-Fu Fighting	Grounded for Life
series	``Jesus, Mary and Joseph!'' is the eighth episode of the eleventh season of the animated comedy series Family Guy and the 196th overall episode.	Jesus, Mary and Joseph!	Family Guy
series	``Bixby's Back'' is the 14th episode of the second season of the American comedy television series, Modern Family and the 38th episode overall.	Bixby's Back	Modern Family
series	Ultimate Fighter - known in Japan as Hiryū no Ken S:	Ultimate Fighter	Hiryū no Ken
series	``Britney/Brittany'' is the second episode of the second season of the American television series Glee, and the twenty-fourth episode overall.	Britney/Brittany	Glee
series	``Looking After Our Own'' is the second episode of the British espionage television series Spooks.	Looking After Our Own	Spooks
series	Conan, Scourge of the Bloody Coast is a fantasy novel written by Leonard Carpenter featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.	Conan, Scourge of the Bloody Coast	Conan the Barbarian
series	Crafting Mama, known in Japan as Craft Mama (クラフトママ Kurafuto Mama) and in the PAL region as Cooking Mama World:	Crafting Mama	Cooking Mama
series	``The Adventure of the Three Garridebs'' (1924), one of the 56 Sherlock Holmes short stories written by British author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, is one of 12 stories in the cycle collected as The Case Book of Sherlock Holmes.	The Adventure of the Three Garridebs	The Case Book of Sherlock Holmes
series	``Chirpy Burpy Cheap Sheep'' is the second episode of the third series of the Channel 4 sitcom Father Ted.	Chirpy Burpy Cheap Sheep	Father Ted
series	Un chariot dans l'Ouest (A Carriage in the West) is the first in Les Tuniques Bleues comic series by Louis Salvérius and Raoul Cauvin.	Un chariot dans l'Ouest	Les Tuniques Bleues
series	The Nikon Coolpix L100 is a semi-compact digital camera produced by Nikon Corporation and is part of the Nikon Coolpix series.	Nikon Coolpix L100	Nikon Coolpix series
series	``Jose Chung's Doomsday Defense'' is the ninth episode of the second season of Fox's Millennium.	Jose Chung's Doomsday Defense	Millennium
series	Ursule Mirouët, an often overlooked novel, belongs to Honoré de Balzac's great series of 94 novels and short stories La Comédie humaine.	Ursule Mirouët	La Comédie humaine
series	``Back Burners'' is the seventh episode of the third season of the HBO original series, The Wire.	Back Burners	The Wire
series	Turkey Dinner is the sixth episode of the seventh series of the British comedy series Dad's Army, that was originally transmitted on Monday, 23 December 1974.	Turkey Dinner	Dad's Army
series	Dead in the Family is a 2010 New York Times Bestselling Gothic mystery novel by Charlaine Harris and the tenth book in her The Southern Vampire Mysteries series.	Dead in the Family	The Southern Vampire Mysteries
series	``Hot Pocket-Dial'' is the seventh episode of the fourteenth season of the animated sitcom Family Guy, and the 256th episode overall.	Hot Pocket-Dial	Family Guy
series	``I, E.T.'' is the second episode from the first season of the television series Farscape, written by Sally Lapiduss and directed by Pino Amenta.	I, E.T.	Farscape
series	Alerte aux Pieds Bleus is a Lucky Luke adventure in French, written and illustrated by Morris it was the tenth title in the original series and was published by Dupuis in 1958.	Alerte aux Pieds Bleus	Lucky Luke
series	The Savage Amusement is an original novel written by David Bishop and based on the long-running British science fiction comic strip Judge Dredd.	The Savage Amusement	Judge Dredd
series	Haunted Mouse is a 1965 Tom and Jerry cartoon directed and produced by Chuck Jones.	Haunted Mouse	Tom and Jerry
series	``The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer'' is the 5th episode of the sixth season of the Comedy Central series South Park and the 83rd episode of the series overall.	The New Terrance and Phillip Movie Trailer	South Park
series	``Claimed'' is the eleventh episode of the fourth season of the post-apocalyptic horror television series The Walking Dead; it aired on AMC on February 23, 2014.	Claimed	The Walking Dead
series	``Ten Sessions'' is the 13th episode of the third season of How I Met Your Mother, and the 57th episode overall of the series.	Ten Sessions	How I Met Your Mother
series	Arctic Drift is a Dirk Pitt novel, the 20th of the series and was released on November 25, 2008.	Arctic Drift	Dirk Pitt
sex or gender	Liesbet Vindevoghel (born 29 December 1979) is a Belgian female former volleyball player, playing as a outside-spiker.	Liesbet Vindevoghel	female
sex or gender	Chou Tai-ying (Chinese: 周台英, born August 16, 1963) is a Taiwanese female football (soccer) coach and former player.	Chou Tai-ying	female
sex or gender	Tang Yuanting (Chinese: 唐渊渟; born 2 August 1994) is a female Chinese badminton player.	Tang Yuanting	female
sex or gender	Matt Schnobrich (born November 12, 1978) is a male rower who qualified for the prestigious bow seat in the United States Men's Eight in the rowing events of the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.	Matt Schnobrich	male
sex or gender	Julie Zwarthoed (born September 25, 1994) is a Dutch female ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Eaters Geleen 2 of the Eerste Divisie.	Julie Zwarthoed	female
sex or gender	Feeling spurned by Orpheus for taking only male lovers, the Ciconian women, followers of Dionysus, first threw sticks and stones at him as he played, but his music was so beautiful even the rocks and branches refused to hit him.	Orpheus	male
sex or gender	Rojs Piziks (born February 12, 1971 in Sigulda) is a retired male decathlete and high jumper from Latvia, who competed for his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, United States.	Rojs Piziks	male
sex or gender	Angelica Rozeanu (15 October 1921 -- 22 February 2006) was a Romanian table tennis player of Jewish origin, and one of the most successful female table tennis players in the history of the sport.	Angelica Rozeanu	female
sex or gender	Aleksandra Račić (Serbian: Александра Рачић; born September 19, 1990) is Serbian female basketball player.	Aleksandra Račić	female
sex or gender	Elena Kazan is German-Russian actress who appears in German as well as Indian films such as Agent Vinod, John Day,Prague etc. The German-Philippine, English film 'Ruined Heart' in which Kazan plays the leading female role was released in March 2015.	Elena Kazan	female
sex or gender	Anootsara Maijarern (Thai: อนุชศรา หมายเจริญborn 14 February 1986) is a Thai female international footballer who plays as a defender.	Anootsara Maijarern	female
sex or gender	Ashleigh Moolman Pasio (born 9 December 1985) is a South African professional female road bicycle racer currently riding for UCI team Bigla Pro Cycling Team.	Ashleigh Moolman	female
sex or gender	Jung Dae-young (Hangul: 정대영, Hanja: 鄭大永; born 12 August 1981) is a South Korean female professional volleyball player.	Jung Dae-young	female
sex or gender	Margaret Caroline Rudd (c. 1745 -- c. 1798) was a notorious female forger during the 18th century in Britain.	Margaret Caroline Rudd	female
sex or gender	Haya Rashed Al-Khalifa (born October 18, 1952) (Arabic: هيا راشد آل خليفة‎) is a pioneering female lawyer and diplomat from Bahrain.	Haya Rashed Al-Khalifa	female
sex or gender	Lauren Walker is an English female footballer who usually plays at either left-back or left midfield.	Lauren Walker	female
sex or gender	Arkía El-Ammari (born 9 October 1976) is a Spanish female former volleyball player, playing as an opposite.	Arkía El-Ammari	female
sex or gender	Lenka Maňhalová (born October 28, 1974 in Liberec) is a retired female breaststroke and medley swimmer from the Czech Republic, who twice competed for her native country at the Olympic Games: in 1992 and 1996.	Lenka Maňhalová	female
sex or gender	Zhou Yafei (Chinese: 周雅菲; pinyin: Zhōu Yǎfēi; born 1984-01-17 in Qingdao, Shandong) is a female Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Zhou Yafei	female
sex or gender	Manning has a line of male sex toys bearing his name, Nick Manning's Masturstroke Kit (a masturbation device/penis enlarger or penis pump) and Nick Manning's Body Slam Masturbator.	Nick Manning	male
sex or gender	Bai Lili (Chinese: 白莉莉; pinyin: Bái Lìlì; born October 29, 1978 in Shanghai) is a female Chinese football (soccer) player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Bai Lili	female
sex or gender	A branch of the family resided at Greens Norton in Northamptonshire from the fourteenth century until the death of the last Sir Thomas Green without male heirs in 1506.	Sir Thomas Green	male
sex or gender	Priscila Marques (born May 17, 1978 in Santos (São Paulo)) is a female judoka from Brazil, who won the bronze medal in the heavyweight division (+ 78 kg) at the 1999 Pan American Games.	Priscila Marques	female
sex or gender	Silvia Farina Elia (Italian pronunciation: (ˈsilvja faˈriːna eˈliːa); born 27 April 1972) is a former female tennis player from Italy.	Silvia Farina Elia	female
sex or gender	In all references about this story, he is always called Sporus, a male name, when the female would be Spora.	Sporus	male
sex or gender	Camille Duvall, also known as ``The Golden Goddess'', is a retired American female professional water skier.	Camille Duvall	female
sex or gender	Asmaa bint Saqr Al Qasimi Arabic: سمو الشيخة الشاعرة أسماء بنت صقر القاسمي(born 24 December in Kalba, Sharjah, United Arab Emirates) is a female poet.	Asmaa bint Saqr Al Qasimi	female
sex or gender	Tanja Damaske (born 16 November 1971 in Berlin) is a former female javelin thrower from Germany, best known for winning the gold medal at the 1998 European Championships in Budapest, Hungary.	Tanja Damaske	female
sex or gender	Tang Lingsheng (born 1971 in Lingui, Guangxi) is a male Chinese weightlifter.	Tang Lingsheng	male
sex or gender	Sunil Dabas is a coach of national female Kabbadi team of India.	Sunil Dabas	female
sex or gender	Elena Esteban (born 13 June 1982) is a Spanish female former volleyball player, playing as a libero.	Elena Esteban	female
sex or gender	Joanne Goode, MBE, (born 17 November 1972 in Harlow as Joanne Wright) is a former English female badminton player.	Joanne Goode	female
sex or gender	Anna Honzáková (16 November 1875 -- 13 October 1940) was the first female doctor to graduate from the Charles-Ferdinand University in Prague, which she did on March 17, 1902.	Anna Honzáková	female
sex or gender	Stanisław Rola (born January 28, 1957) is a retired male race walker from Poland, who represented his native country at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, USSR.	Stanisław Rola	male
sex or gender	Viktorija Ni is one of the top female American chess players with the title of women's international Master since 2010.	Viktorija Ni	female
sex or gender	Chuck Jones is reported to have said, ``June Foray is not the female Mel Blanc, Mel Blanc was the male June Foray.''	June Foray	female
sex or gender	Tan Sixin (Chinese: 谭思欣, pinyin: Tán Sì Xīn, born January 10, 1995 in Jiangmen, Guangdong) is a female Chinese gymnast.	Tan Sixin	female
sex or gender	José Ismael Sarmiento Riaño (born July 15, 1973 in Cómbita, Boyacá) is a retired male road cyclist from Colombia.	Ismael Sarmiento	male
sex or gender	Iva Roglić (Serbian Cyrillic: Ива Роглић, born March 23, 1988 in Belgrade, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian female basketball player.	Iva Roglić	female
sex or gender	Ezlynn Deraniyagala (1908 -- 1973) was a Sri Lankan barrister and feminist, who was the first female Sri Lankan barrister.	Ezlynn Deraniyagala	female
sex or gender	Beatrice Egli (born 21 June 1988 in Pfäffikon, Switzerland) is a Swiss female singer and the winner of season 10 of the German music competition Deutschland sucht den Superstar.	Beatrice Egli	female
sex or gender	Oreidis Despaigne Terry (born September 20, 1981) is a male judoka from Cuba, winner of the Pan American Games men's half heavyweight division at the 2007 Games, he also won the bronze medal at the 2003 Pan American Games and at the 2007 and 2010 World Championships.	Oreidis Despaigne	male
sex or gender	While her female lead costars usually played roles of good-natured, modest, or pious women, Shashikala usually played either flighty and feisty bubbly women or vamps who plotted the downfall of others.	Shashikala	female
sex or gender	In the following years Konan Big would wrestle against other Multimedios personalities such as male model Alfonso de Nigris, Regalito the Clown, and Acábatelo host Mario Bezares.	Konan Big	male
sex or gender	Veronika Hrončeková (born 2 January 1990) is a Slovak female former volleyball player, playing as a middle-blocker.	Veronika Hrončeková	female
sex or gender	Harel Levy (Hebrew: הראל לוי‎; born August 5, 1978 in Kibbutz Nahshonim, Israel) is a retired Israeli professional male tennis player.	Harel Levy	male
sex or gender	Amanda MacKay is a female model, television host, and journalist.	Amanda MacKay	female
sex or gender	Red Sonja became the archetypal fantasy figure of a fierce and beautiful female barbarian.	Red Sonja	female
sex or gender	Lency Montelier Ellacia (born 13 February 1971) is a retired female track and field athlete from Cuba, best known for winning the gold medal in the women's 400m hurdles at the 1991 Pan American Games in Havana, Cuba.	Lency Montelier	female
sex or gender	Beáta Dubasová (born 14 May 1963 in Stropkov, Czechoslovakia) is a Slovak female singer.	Beáta Dubasová	female
sex or gender	Madzy Rollin Couquerque (14 April 1903 -- 16 July 1994) was a Dutch female hockey- and tennis player who was active from the 1920s until the late 1950s.	Madzy Rollin Couquerque	female
sex or gender	Elana frequently performs as a solo artist The Elana Stone Band and with the country music influenced female harmony band, All Our Exes Live in Texas .	Elana Stone	female
sex or gender	La Comandante (Born April 23, 1978 in Ecatepec, State of Mexico) is the ring name of a Mexican luchadora, or female professional wrestler currently working for the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) portraying a ruda (``Bad guy'') wrestling character.	La Comandante	female
sex or gender	Todor Skrimov or Todor Skrimow (Bulgarian: Тодор Скримов) (born 9 January 1990) is a Bulgarian male volleyball player.	Todor Skrimov	male
sex or gender	Teuta Cuni (born 1973) is a retired Swedish amateur female lightweight boxer who has also practiced, but not competed in, kickboxing.	Teuta Cuni	female
sport	London United is basketball team from London, England, currently competing in English Basketball League Division 2.	London United	basketball
sport	Stefon Jackson (born May 7, 1985) is an American professional basketball player, currently playing for S.Oliver Baskets in Germany.	Stefon Jackson	basketball
sport	Derron Smith (born February 4, 1992) is an American football safety for the Cincinnati Bengals.	Derron Smith	American football
sport	The NWL Tag Team Championship is a professional wrestling tag team championship in the National Wrestling League promotion.	NWL Tag Team Championship	professional wrestling
sport	The 2011 Green Soccer Bowl (reported by some media outlets as the Obama Cup) was a proposed association football tournament.	2011 Green Soccer Bowl	association football
sport	The Tamaki Titans (originally Tamaki Leopards) were a franchise in the now defunct New Zealand rugby league Bartercard Cup competition.	Tamaki Titans	rugby league
sport	Albert Oliver Campos (born June 4, 1978) is a Spanish professional basketball player currently playing for Herbalife Gran Canaria of the ACB league.	Albert Oliver	basketball
sport	The Saavedra position is one of the best known chess endgame studies.	Saavedra position	chess
sport	Little League Baseball and Softball (officially, Little League International) is a non-profit organization based in South Williamsport, Pennsylvania, United States, which organizes local youth baseball and softball leagues throughout the U.S. and the rest of the world.	Little League Baseball	baseball
sport	Dejan Antić (Serbian Cyrillic: Дејан Антић; born 1968) is a Serbian grandmaster, who in 1988 began his career as a chess professional.	Dejan Antić	chess
sport	Eddie Casiano Ojeda (born September 20, 1972 in New York, United States) is a Puerto Rican basketball coach and former BSN player.	Eddie Casiano	basketball
sport	Leoš Friedl (born 1 January 1977 in Jindřichův Hradec) is an inactive Czech professional tennis player best known for his doubles play with František Čermák.	Leoš Friedl	tennis
sport	Nicole Koolhaas (born January 31, 1991 in Hoorn) is a Dutch volleyball player, who plays as a Center.	Nicole Koolhaas	volleyball
sport	The 2014 Masters Tournament was the 78th edition of the Masters Tournament, the first of golf's four major championships in 2014.	2014 Masters Tournament	golf
sport	The Libya national football team (Arabic: منتخب ليبيا لكرة القدم‎) is the national association football team of Libya and is controlled by the Libyan Football Federation.	Libya national football team	association football
sport	The Chicago Muscle was a professional minor league basketball team in the Premier Basketball League.	Chicago Muscle	basketball
sport	Kyle Eastmond is a professional rugby union and former rugby league player who currently plays for Bath.	Kyle Eastmond	rugby league
sport	The Badminton Confederation of Africa (BCA) (formerly known as Africa Badminton Federation) is the governing body of badminton in Africa.	Badminton Confederation of Africa	badminton
sport	The NWA World Historic Light Heavyweight Championship (Campeonato Mundial Historico de Peso Semicompleto de la NWA in Spanish) is a professional wrestling championship promoted by Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL).	NWA World Historic Light Heavyweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Liu Guoliang (simplified Chinese: 刘国梁; traditional Chinese: 劉國梁; pinyin: Liú Guóliáng; born January 10, 1976, in Xinxiang, Henan) is a Chinese table tennis player who has won all titles at major world tournaments including World Championships, World Cup and Olympic Games.	Liu Guoliang	table tennis
sport	Omar El Turk (in Arabic عمر الترك) (born in Beirut, Lebanon on 30 September 1981) is a Lebanese Canadian basketball player and member of the Lebanon national basketball team.	Omar El Turk	basketball
sport	Moritz Porges (1857 -- 1909) was a Jewish Czech chess player.	Moritz Porges	chess
sport	Adrian Vowles (born 30 May 1971) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s.	Adrian Vowles	rugby league
sport	The 1985 European Tour was the 14th official season of golf tournaments known as the PGA European Tour.	1985 European Tour	golf
sport	Tamara Steeves (born September 23, 1989) is a Canadian 1.5 point wheelchair basketball player from Etobicoke, Ontario who won a gold medal in the 2009 Artland Open which was hosted in Quakenbruck, Germany and in 2011 bronze medal at Osaka Cup which was hosted in Osaka, Japan.	Tamara Steeves	basketball
sport	Pervis Ellison (born April 3, 1967) is an American former NBA basketball player.	Pervis Ellison	basketball
sport	The 2009 ACC Trophy Challenge was a cricket tournament in Chiang Mai, Thailand, taking place between 12 and 21 January 2009.	2009 ACC Trophy Challenge	cricket
sport	The Richmond County Bank Ballpark at St. George (RCB Ballpark) is a baseball stadium located on the north-eastern tip of Staten Island.	Richmond County Bank Ballpark	baseball
sport	Captain Maurice John Kingscote was a British polo champion.	Maurice John Kingscote	polo
sport	The 1976 World Ice Hockey Championships were the 43rd Ice Hockey World Championships and the 54th European Championships in ice hockey.	1976 World Ice Hockey Championships	ice hockey
sport	The 2011 ADAC Formel Masters season was the fourth season of the ADAC Formel Masters open wheel auto racing series in Germany.	2011 ADAC Formel Masters	auto racing
sport	Marcel Lopuchovský (born May 2, 1977 in Košice) is a Slovak athlete who competed in the late 1990s and early 2000s before switching to bobsleigh in 2005.	Marcel Lopuchovský	bobsleigh
sport	The 1997 WNBA draft was the inaugural draft held by the WNBA through which teams could select new players from a talent pool of college and professional women's basketball players.	1997 WNBA draft	basketball
sport	Farzad Houshidari (born September 6, 1987) is an Iranian professional inline hockey and ice hockey player.	Farzad Houshidari	inline hockey	ice hockey
sport	Ramūnas Butautas (born May 22, 1964 in Kaunas, Lithuanian SSR, USSR) is a Lithuanian basketball coach.	Ramūnas Butautas	basketball
sport	Stirling County RFC is a rugby union club in the Scottish Rugby Union based in Stirling that plays in the Scottish Premiership.	Stirling County RFC	rugby union
sport	Andrea Barnó (born 4 January 1980 in Estella-Lizarra) is a Spanish handball player, playing on the Spanish women's national team and Itxako Reyno de Navarra.	Andrea Barnó	handball
sport	Junior Davis Cup and Junior Fed Cup are the international team events in junior tennis.	Junior Davis Cup and Junior Fed Cup	tennis
sport	The Allan Cup is the trophy awarded annually to the national senior amateur men's ice hockey champions of Canada.	Allan Cup	ice hockey
sport	Rémi Souyeux (born 19 July 1984) is a French association football striker, currently playing for Championnat National side Luzenac.	Rémi Souyeux	association football
sport	The 2007 Davis Cup was the 96th edition of the Davis Cup, a national teams competition in men's tennis.	2007 Davis Cup	tennis
sport	The 2009 Giro dell'Emilia was the 92nd edition of this single day road bicycle racing.	2009 Giro dell'Emilia	road bicycle racing
sport	Jamelle Hagins is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for Aris Thessaloniki of the Greek Basket League.	Jamelle Hagins	basketball
sport	The Estevan Bruins are a junior ice hockey team playing in the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League (SJHL).	Estevan Bruins	ice hockey
sport	Anand Amritraj (Tamil: ஆனந்த் அம்ரித்ராஜ்; born 20 March 1952, Madras, Tamil Nadu) is a former Indian tennis player and businessman.	Anand Amritraj	tennis
sport	Petrus Fourie du Preez (Afrikaans pronunciation: (fuˈri duˈpri.ə); born 24 March 1982 in Pretoria) is a former rugby union player.	Fourie du Preez	rugby union
sport	Lê Quang Liêm (born 13 March 1991) is a Vietnamese chess grandmaster and the 2013 World Blitz Chess Champion.	Lê Quang Liêm	chess
sport	Melody Johnson (born December 15, 1978) is a former American women's basketball player who attended University of Colorado and Arizona State University.	Melody Johnson	basketball
sport	Justin Keller (born March 4, 1986) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who is currently an unrestricted free agent who most recently played for Italian club HCB South Tyrol in the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).	Justin Keller	ice hockey
sport	Carlos Briggs (born March 2, 1964) is a retired American professional basketball player from Boston, Massachusetts.	Carlos Briggs	basketball
sport	Vera Nebolsina (born 16 December 1989, in Tomsk) is a Russian chess player.	Vera Nebolsina	chess
sport	Vincent Vanasch (born 21 December 1987 in Evere) is a Belgian international field hockey goalkeeper.	Vincent Vanasch	field hockey
sport	The Sri Lanka Football Premier League (currently known under its sponsored name Dialog Champions League) is a Sri Lanka professional league for men's association football clubs.	Sri Lanka Football Premier League	association football
sport	The Kingfisher Airlines Tennis Open (known as the Kingfisher Airlines Tennis Open for sponsorship reasons) was a professional men's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts.	Kingfisher Airlines Tennis Open	tennis
sport	The Asnières Castors is a French ice hockey team based in Asnières-sur-Seine playing in the FFHG Division 2.	Asnières Castors	ice hockey
sport	The Cincinnati Stingers were an ice hockey team based in Cincinnati, Ohio, that played in the World Hockey Association from 1975 to 1979 and in the Central Hockey League during the 1979--80 season.	Cincinnati Stingers	ice hockey
sport	Kazakhmys Hockey Club (Kazakh: ``Қазақмыс'' хоккей клубы), commonly referred as Kazakhmys Satpaev, is a professional ice hockey team based in Satpaev, Kazakhstan.	Kazakhmys Satpaev	ice hockey
sport	Yamaico Navarro Pérez (born October 31, 1987) is a Dominican professional baseball infielder for the Chiba Lotte Marines club of Nippon Professional Baseball.	Yamaico Navarro	baseball
sport	Rick Leach (born December 28, 1964) is a former professional tennis player and a coach from the United States.	Rick Leach	tennis
sport	The 2008 Asian Women's Cup Volleyball Championship was the first women's volleyball tournament of its kind, this tournament that qualified for 4 Asian team to the FIVB World Grand Prix 2009, played by top eight teams of the 2007 Asian Women's Volleyball Championship from October 1 to October 7, 2008.	2008 Asian Women's Cup Volleyball Championship	volleyball
sport	The All-Russia Athletic Federation (ARAF; Russian: Всероссийская федерация лёгкой атлетики, ВФЛА) is the governing body for the sport of athletics in Russia.	All-Russia Athletic Federation	sport of athletics
sport	Martín Bustos Moyano (born July 12, 1985, in Córdoba, Argentina) is an Argentine rugby union footballer, currently with the French Top 14 club Montpellier.	Martín Bustos Moyano	rugby union
sport	The British Figure Skating Championships (known in some years as the British Ice Figure and Dance Championships and the British Ice Figure & Synchronized Skating Championships) are a figure skating competition held annually to crown the national champions of the United Kingdom.	British Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Floyd Snider (ca. 1924 -- February 12, 1976) was a former Canadian ice hockey player.	Floyd Snider	ice hockey
sport	The National Celebrities Open and the National Capital Open were the names of golf tournaments on the PGA Tour that were played in the greater Washington, D.C. area in the middle part of the 20th century.	National Celebrities Open	golf
sport	The 1999 Gold Flake Open was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Chennai, India, that was part of the World Series of the 1999 ATP Tour.	1999 Gold Flake Open	tennis
sport	RK Metalurg Skopje (HC Metalurg Skopje) (Macedonian: РК Металург Скопје) is a handball club from Skopje, Republic of Macedonia.	RK Metalurg Skopje	handball
sport	The Japan Basketball League (JBL) was a professional basketball league in Japan.	Japan Basketball League	basketball
sport	Claudia Rivero Modenesi (born November 28, 1986 in Lima) is a Peruvian professional badminton player who won the bronze medal in the singles and mixed doubles category at the 2007 and the 2011 Pan American Games.	Claudia Rivero	badminton
sport	Wu Yet-An (Chinese: 吳 乙安) is a Taiwanese basketball player.	Wu Yet-An	basketball
sport	Joël Lautier (French pronunciation: ​(ʒo.ɛl loˈtje); born 12 April 1973) is a French chess grandmaster and FIDE Senior Trainer (2006).	Joël Lautier	chess
sport	Colonel Ulric Oliver Thynne CMG, DSO, CVO (6 July 1871 -- 30 September 1957) was a distinguished British soldier and champion polo player.	Ulric Oliver Thynne	polo
sport	Gastón Needleman (born 1990) is a former chess player from Mendoza, Argentina.	Gastón Needleman	chess
sport	Pablo Canavosio (born 26 December 1981 in Córdoba, Argentina) is an Italian Argentine rugby union footballer.	Pablo Canavosio	rugby union
sport	The Irish Rugby Football Union (IRFU) (Irish: Cumann Rugbaí na hÉireann) is the body managing rugby union in the island of Ireland (both Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland).	Irish Rugby Football Union	rugby union
sport	Lamin Deen (born 17 June 1981) is a British bobsleigh pilot and Grenadier Guardsman.	Lamin Deen	bobsleigh
sport	Patrick Bowes-Lyon (5 March 1863 -- 5 October 1946) was a British tennis player, barrister and uncle of Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon, mother of Queen Elizabeth II. Having been Scottish tennis champion in 1885, 1886 and 1888, he won the doubles at Wimbledon alongside Herbert Wilberforce.	Patrick Bowes-Lyon	tennis
sport	Maia Chiburdanidze (Georgian: მაია ჩიბურდანიძე; born 17 January 1961 in Kutaisi, USSR) is a Georgian chess grandmaster, and the seventh Women's World Chess Champion, the youngest one until 2010, when this record was broken by Hou Yifan.	Maia Chiburdanidze	chess
sport	Chigorin Chess is a chess variant invented by Ralph Betza in 2002.	Chigorin Chess	chess
sport	The Europe Top-12 is an European table tennis tournament organized by the European Table Tennis Union (ETTU) on a yearly basis between the twelve strongest players in Europe.	Europe Top-12	table tennis
sport	The Brazos Valley Bombers are a collegiate summer baseball team based in Bryan, Texas, in the United States.	Brazos Valley Bombers	baseball
sport	The NWA Austra-Asian Heavyweight Championship was the top singles professional wrestling title in the Australian World Championship Wrestling promotion from 1972 until the promotion's 1978 closure.	NWA Austra-Asian Heavyweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	The Benko Gambit (or Volga Gambit) is a chess opening characterised by the move 3...b5 in the Benoni Defense arising after: 1.	Benko Gambit	chess
sport	The Sonoma Stompers are an independent professional baseball team based out of Sonoma, California.	Sonoma Stompers	baseball
sport	Celedon Camaso better known as Don Camaso (born March 16, 1973 in Caloocan City, Metro Manila, Philippines) is a professional basketball player currently played for the Judiciary Magis in the UNTV Cup.	Don Camaso	basketball
sport	The Humboldt Broncos are an ice hockey team from Humboldt, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Humboldt Broncos	ice hockey
sport	HC Keski-Uusimaa known as HCK is a Finnish ice hockey team based in Kerava, Finland.	HC Keski-Uusimaa	ice hockey
sport	The Austria Fed Cup team represents Austria in Fed Cup tennis competition and are governed by the Osterreichischer Tennisverband.	Austria Fed Cup team	tennis
sport	Ronald Spuller (born June 22, 1981) is an Austrian professional association football player.	Ronald Spuller	association football
sport	Tai McIsaac (born 19 March 1975 in Brisbane) is an Australian rugby union football coach, and a former professional player.	Tai McIsaac	rugby union
sport	The British Quidditch Cup is a Muggle Quidditch tournament that follows the rules laid out by the International Quidditch Association.	British Quidditch Cup	Muggle Quidditch
sport	The 2007 Hong Kong Super Series is the last tournament of the 2007 BWF Super Series in badminton before the Super Series Final.	2007 Hong Kong Super Series	badminton
sport	The 1987 Torneo Godó was a men's professional tennis tournament that took place on outdoor clay courts in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain from 21 September to 27 September 1987.	1987 Torneo Godó	tennis
sport	Shamini Kumaresan (Tamil: ஷாமினி குமரேசன்; born 1988) is a professional table tennis player from Tamil Nadu, India.	Shamini Kumaresan	table tennis
sport	Anita Kulcsár (October 2, 1976, Szerencs -- January 19, 2005, between Pusztaszabolcs and Velence) was a Hungarian handball player.	Anita Kulcsár	handball
sport	Barry Almeida (born November 20, 1988) is an American professional ice hockey center who currently plays for the Utah Grizzlies in the ECHL.	Barry Almeida	ice hockey
sport	The 2009 NBA Europe Live Tour was a basketball exhibition tour featuring teams from the NBA and Real Madrid from the Euroleague, as a part of the NBA Global Games.	2009 NBA Europe Live Tour	basketball
sport	Vidal López Ascanio (April 19, 1918 -- February 20, 1971) was a Venezuelan professional baseball player and manager.	Vidal López	baseball
sport	NiceFutis is a women's association football club from Pori, Finland.	NiceFutis	association football
sport	Ilkka Pikkarainen (born April 19, 1981 in Sonkajärvi, Finland) is a Finnish ice hockey right winger who plays for Pelicans in the Sm-liiga.	Ilkka Pikkarainen	ice hockey
sport	Yukari Miyata (宮田由佳里 Miyata Yukari, born June 27, 1989) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Toray Arrows.	Yukari Miyata	volleyball
sport	Paa Grant Soccer Academy is a Ghanaian association football club and academy based in Sekondi-Takoradi, Ghana.	Paa Grant Soccer Academy	association football
sport	The North American Figure Skating Championships were a former elite figure skating competition for skaters from the United States and Canada.	North American Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Philip L. B. Iglehart (1913 -- February 9, 1993) was a Chilean polo player.	Philip L. B. Iglehart	polo
sport	Juan Pablo Orlandi (born 20 June 1983) is an Argentine rugby union footballer who plays at prop for Section Paloise, Pau, France.	Juan Pablo Orlandi	rugby union
sport	Gale McArthur was an All-American basketball player at Oklahoma A&M University (now Oklahoma State).	Gale McArthur	basketball
sport	The Hong Kong Ice Hockey League is the national ice hockey league in Hong Kong.	Hong Kong Ice Hockey League	ice hockey
sport	The Monaco national football team is a national side that represents Monaco in association football.	Monaco national football team	association football
sport	Zenith Komarniski (born August 13, 1978) is a retired Canadian ice hockey player who spent most of his professional career in the minors.	Zenith Komarniski	ice hockey
sport	The The REV Classic is an annual professional one-day road bicycle racing for men.	The REV Classic	road bicycle racing
sport	GOG Svendborg TGI is a handball club based in the small town of Gudme on Funen, Denmark.	GOG Svendborg	handball
sport	The 2010 Internazionali Tennis Val Gardena Südtirol was a professional tennis tournament played on carpet in Ortisei, Italy between 8 and 14 November 2010.	2010 Internazionali Tennis Val Gardena Südtirol	tennis
sport	Jérémy Stravius (born 14 July 1988) is a French swimmer, swimming freestyle, backstroke, and butterfly.	Jérémy Stravius	swimming
sport	Yochanan Afek (born 16 April 1952 in Tel Aviv) is an Israeli chess player, composer, trainer and arbiter.	Yochanan Afek	chess
sport	Cassie Jackman (born 22 December 1972 and competing in some years as Cassie Campion) is a former English squash player who won the World Open in 1999.	Cassie Jackman	squash
sport	The African Development Trophy is a rugby union tournament consisting of 16 teams played in the continent of Africa, formerly named the CAR Castel Beer Trophy.	African Development Trophy	rugby union
sport	The Women's EHF Champions League is an official competition for women's handball clubs of Europe, organised annually by the European Handball Federation (EHF).	Women's EHF Champions League	handball
sport	The 1999 Majorca Open was an Association of Tennis Professionals tennis tournament held in Majorca, Spain.	1999 Majorca Open	tennis
sport	The Pacific Cup is a rugby league football competition for national teams from the Pacific region.	Pacific Cup	rugby league
sport	The Doeberl Cup is an annual chess tournament held in Canberra, Australia.	Doeberl Cup	chess
sport	Daegu KAPEC FC (Korean: 대구 한국파워트레인 축구단) is a South Korean association football club based in the city of Daegu.	Daegu KAPEC FC	association football
sport	Matt Stutzman (born December 10, 1982) is an American athlete who competes in archery.	Matt Stutzman	archery
sport	Club 15-15 was a women's professional volleyball team based in Palma, Majorca, Spain.	Club 15-15	volleyball
sport	West Melbourne Football Club was an Australian rules football club which played in the Victorian Football Association (VFA).	West Melbourne Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	Joni Taylor (née Crenshaw; born March 7, 1979) is the head women's college basketball coach for the Georgia Lady Bulldogs.	Joni Taylor	basketball
sport	Dorados de Chihuahua (English: Chihuahua Goldens) were a baseball team from the city of Chihuahua.	Dorados de Chihuahua	baseball
sport	The 2011 Memorial Cup was a four-team round-robin format ice hockey tournament played from May 20--29, 2011 in Mississauga, Ontario.	2011 Memorial Cup	ice hockey
sport	HK Lokomotiv Moscow was an ice hockey team in Moscow, Russia (then Soviet Union).	HK Lokomotiv Moscow	ice hockey
sport	The North Tamworth Bears are a rugby league team located in the suburb of North Tamworth, in Tamworth, New South Wales, Australia.	North Tamworth Bears	rugby league
sport	Maxim Ignatovich (Russian: Максим Андреевич Игнатович; born 7 April 1991) is a Russian professional ice hockey player.	Maxim Ignatovich	ice hockey
sport	Nikolay Noritsyn is a Canadian chess player and coach.	Nikolay Noritsyn	chess
sport	Adeiny Hechavarria Barrera (born April 15, 1989) is a Cuban professional baseball shortstop for the Miami Marlins of Major League Baseball (MLB).	Adeiny Hechavarria	baseball
sport	The Vermont Lake Monsters are a minor league baseball team in the Short-Season A class New York--	Vermont Lake Monsters	baseball
sport	The Canadian National Basketball League (CNBL) was a professional basketball league based in southern Ontario aiming to attract Canadian players who played overseas to join their league.	Canadian National Basketball League	basketball
sport	Pavel Patera (born September 6, 1971 in Kladno, Czechoslovakia, now the Czech Republic), is a former Czech professional ice hockey player.	Pavel Patera	ice hockey
sport	Steffon Bradford (born December 7, 1977) is an American professional basketball player, from Clewiston, Florida.	Steffon Bradford	basketball
sport	Monica Sandve (born December 3, 1973 in Vigrestad, Rogaland) is a Norwegian team handball player and Olympic medalist.	Monica Sandve	handball
sport	Aliaksandr Bury (born 14 September 1987) is a Belarusian professional tennis player and competes mainly on the ATP Challenger Tour and ITF Futures, both in singles and doubles.	Aliaksandr Bury	tennis
sport	The Ypsilon Golf Challenge was a golf tournament on the Challenge Tour that was played in 2008 at Ypsilon Golf Resort in Liberec, Czech Republic.	Ypsilon Golf Challenge	golf
sport	Augustos Zerlendis sometimes spelled Avgoustos Zerlentis (Modern Greek: Αύγουστος Ζερλέντης Greek pronunciation: (ˈav.ɣu.stɔs zeɾˈlenˈtis)); 5 November 1886 -- 1954) was a Greek tennis player who competed at the 1920 Olympic Games in Antwerp.	Augustos Zerlendis	tennis
sport	The 1968 Australian Championships was a tennis tournament that took place in the outdoor Kooyong Stadium in Melbourne, Australia from 19 to 29 January.	1968 Australian Championships	tennis
sport	Sandra Dijon (born 10 January 1976 in Fort-de-France, Martinique) is a French basketball player who played 133 matches for the French women's national basketball team from 2001--2008.	Sandra Dijon	basketball
sport	Janar Soo (17 January 1991) is an Estonian professional basketball player who plays for Kalev/Cramo of the Korvpalli Meistriliiga.	Janar Soo	basketball
sport	The FIBA Asia Under-18 Championship for Women refers to the women's under-18 championship for basketball in the International Basketball Federation's FIBA Asia zone.	FIBA Asia Under-18 Championship for Women	basketball
sport	The Clausura 2014 Copa MX Final was the final of the Clausura 2014 Copa MX the fourth edition of the Copa MX under its current format and 71st overall organized by the Mexican Football Federation, the governing body of association football in Mexico.	Clausura 2014 Copa MX Final	association football
sport	The 2008 Dutch Figure Skating Championships were the Dutch Figure Skating Championships of the 2007-2008 figure skating season.	2008 Dutch Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	The Women's Professional Basketball League (abbreviated WBL) was a professional women's basketball league in the United States.	Women's Professional Basketball League	basketball
sport	World Bowl '97 (also referred to as World Bowl V) was the final game of the 1997 WLAF season in American football.	World Bowl '97	American football
sport	The Shine Tag Team Championship is the tag team championship contested in the professional wrestling promotion Shine Wrestling.	Shine Tag Team Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Raquel Atawo (née Kops-Jones; born December 8, 1982) is a professional tennis player from the United States of America.	Raquel Atawo	tennis
sport	Adidas Stan Smith is a tennis shoe made by Adidas.	Adidas Stan Smith	tennis
sport	LaDontae Henton (born January 6, 1992) is an American basketball player, who plays for Baloncesto Sevilla.	LaDontae Henton	basketball
sport	Crusaders Rugby League (Welsh: Croesgadwyr Rygbi'r Gynghrair) was a professional rugby league club based in Bridgend and later in Wrexham, Wales.	Crusaders Rugby League	rugby league
spouse	The Edge met his second and current wife, Morleigh Steinberg, through her collaborations with the band.	The Edge	Morleigh Steinberg
spouse	In Arthurian legend, Gorlois (Welsh: Gwrlais) of Tintagel, Duke of Cornwall, is the husband of Igraine prior to Uther Pendragon.	Gorlois	Igraine
spouse	Peter Schildt was earlier married to Christina Herrström.	Peter Schildt	Christina Herrström
spouse	Elisabeth, Princess of Schleswig-Holstein (née Princess Elisabeth of Lippe-Weissenfeld; born 28 July 1957, Munich, Germany) is the princess consort to the current Head of the Ducal House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg, Christoph, Prince of Schleswig-Holstein.	Elisabeth, Princess of Schleswig-Holstein	Christoph, Prince of Schleswig-Holstein
spouse	Francine Faure (6 December 1914 in Oran, Algeria -- 24 December 1979) was a French pianist specializing in Bach and a mathematician, She was the second wife of Albert Camus, whom she met in 1937 in Algiers.	Francine Faure	Albert Camus
spouse	Henry Carnegie Phipps (1880 - March 22, 1953) was a sportsman and financier, and the owner of Wheatley Stable along with his wife, Gladys Mills Phipps.	Henry Carnegie Phipps	Gladys Mills Phipps
spouse	Yuan Quan married actor Xia Yu in 2009, a decade after their first got together as students in Central Academy of Drama.	Yuan Quan	Xia Yu
spouse	Barbara Zápolya (1495--1515) was Queen of Poland and Grand Duchess of Lithuania as the first wife of King Sigismund I the Old.	Barbara Zápolya	I the Old
spouse	An old militant of the National Front, Marie-France Stirbois marked French political life by achieving (with her husband Jean-Pierre Stirbois) the first electoral success of the French National Front in 1983 in Dreux.	Marie-France Stirbois	Jean-Pierre Stirbois
spouse	Elizabeth Stanhope, Countess of Chesterfield (29 June 1640 -- July 1665) was the second wife of Philip Stanhope, 2nd Earl of Chesterfield, and the eldest daughter of James Butler, 1st Duke of Ormonde and Lady Elizabeth Preston.	Elizabeth Stanhope, Countess of Chesterfield	Philip Stanhope, 2nd Earl of Chesterfield
spouse	In 1912, Gene Gauntier married actor Jack J. Clark.	Gene Gauntier	Jack J. Clark
spouse	Count Primo Magri (1849--1920) and Count Rosebud were the stage names of a 19th-century Italian dwarf who married Lavinia Warren, the widow of General Tom Thumb on Easter Monday, April 6, 1885 at the Church of the Holy Trinity in New York.	Count Primo Magri	Lavinia Warren
spouse	Anne Dorte of Rosenborg, born Anne Dorte Maltoft-Nielsen, (October 3, 1947 -- January 2, 2014) was a Danish countess and widow of the late Count Christian of Rosenborg (1942-2013), the grandson of King Christian X of Denmark.	Anne Dorte of Rosenborg	Count Christian of Rosenborg
spouse	Pompeia Plotina Claudia Phoebe Piso or Pompeia Plotina (d. 121/122) was a Roman Empress and wife of Roman Emperor Trajan.	Pompeia Plotina	Trajan
spouse	Esperanza Baur Díaz (born Esperanza Díaz Ceballos; c. 1924 -- March 11, 1961) was a Mexican actress, and was the second wife of John Wayne.	Esperanza Baur	John Wayne
spouse	Pilar Pallete (born September 3, 1928) is a former Peruvian actress and third wife of the American film star John Wayne.	Pilar Pallete	John Wayne
spouse	As a young adult, Tarzan meets a young American woman, Jane Porter.	Tarzan	Jane Porter
spouse	Aikaterini Trikoupi (Greek: Αικατερίνη Τρικούπη, Constantinople, 1800 -- Aegina, 15 July 1871) was the wife of the Prime Minister of Greece and historian Spyridon Trikoupis.	Aikaterini Trikoupi	Spyridon Trikoupis
spouse	Margrete Skulesdatter (Old Norse: Margrét Skúladóttir) (1208--1270) was a Norwegian Queen consort, spouse of King Haakon IV of Norway and Queen consort of Norway from 1225 to 1263.	Margrete Skulesdatter	Haakon IV of Norway
spouse	Shanthi Krishna was married to Malayali actor Sreenath in 1984 and later divorced him in 1995.	Shanthi Krishna	Sreenath
taxon rank	Semisalsa galilaea is a species of small brackish water snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Cochliopidae.	Semisalsa galilaea	species
taxon rank	Superciliaspis is an extinct genus of jawless fish which existed in what is now the Northwest Territories of Canada during the Lochkovian age.	Superciliaspis	genus
taxon rank	Streptomyces cinnamoneus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Japan.	Streptomyces cinnamoneus	species
taxon rank	Gnaphalium is a genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family, commonly called cudweeds.	Gnaphalium	genus
taxon rank	Tropidophis wrighti, or the gracile banded dwarf boa, is a species of snake in the Tropidophiidae family endemic to Cuba.	Tropidophis wrighti	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces glycovorans is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from marine sediments of the South China Sea near the Xisha Islands in China.	Streptomyces glycovorans	species
taxon rank	Calliphora latifrons is a species of blue bottle fly.	Calliphora latifrons	species
taxon rank	Rory Cooper's false antechinus (Pseudantechinus roryi), also known as the tan false antechinus and the tan pseudantechinus, is a recently named species of small carnivorous marsupial which inhabits rocky outcrops in Western Australia.	Rory Cooper's false antechinus	species
taxon rank	Allium dumetorum is a Middle Eastern species of onion found in Israel, Palestine, Lebanon and Jordan.	Allium dumetorum	species
taxon rank	Rubus multifer is a North American species of brambles in the rose family.	Rubus multifer	species
taxon rank	Hyloniscus riparius is a species of woodlouse found in Central and Eastern Europe and subsequently introduced to North America.	Hyloniscus riparius	species
taxon rank	Cleisostoma recurvum is a species of orchid found in Cambodia, Laos, Thailand, Vietnam and China.	Cleisostoma recurvum	species
taxon rank	Traunsteinera, the Round Headed Orchid, or globe orchid, is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae.	Traunsteinera	genus
taxon rank	Hoplomyzon papillatus is a species of banjo catfish found in Ecuador and Venezuela where it occurs in the Napo and Portuguesa River basins respectively.	Hoplomyzon papillatus	species
taxon rank	Pomacea falconensis is a South American species of freshwater snail with gills and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Ampullariidae.	Pomacea falconensis	species
taxon rank	Fucus distichus or rockweed is a species of brown alga in the family Fucaceae to be found in the intertidal zones of rocky seashores in the Northern Hemisphere, mostly in rock pools.	Fucus distichus	species
taxon rank	Neocrepidodera albanica is a species of flea beetle in the leaf beetle family that can be found only in Albania and the Republic of Macedonia.	Neocrepidodera albanica	species
taxon rank	Stephanomeria lactucina is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names lettuce wirelettuce and woodland wirelettuce.	Stephanomeria lactucina	species
taxon rank	Rapana is a genus of large predatory sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae, the rock snails.	Rapana	genus
taxon rank	Megacephala asperata is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by C. O. Waterhouse in 1877.	Megacephala asperata	species
taxon rank	Sivaladapinae is a subfamily of adapiform primate that lived in Asia during the middle to late Miocene.	Sivaladapinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Brassolis sophorae is a species of large butterfly in the Nymphalidae family.	Brassolis sophorae	species
taxon rank	Iliamna corei is a rare species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common name Peters Mountain mallow.	Iliamna corei	species
taxon rank	Spigelia genuflexa is a species of annual herb of the family Loganiaceae from Bahia state, Brazil, which was described in 2011.	Spigelia genuflexa	species
taxon rank	Dicerca moesta is a species of beetle from Argante subgenus which can be found everywhere in Europe (except for various European islands).	Dicerca moesta	species
taxon rank	Withania riebeckii is a species of plant in the Solanaceae family.	Withania riebeckii	species
taxon rank	Philodromus blanckei is a spider species found in Corsica, Sardinia and Italy.	Philodromus blanckei	species
taxon rank	The Myanmar snub-nosed monkey or Burmese snub-nosed monkey (Rhinopithecus strykeri) is a critically threatened species of colobine monkey discovered in 2010 in northern Burma (Myanmar).	Myanmar snub-nosed monkey	species
taxon rank	Agamidae is a family of over 300 species of iguanian lizards indigenous to Africa, Asia, Australia, and a few in Southern Europe.	Agamidae	family
taxon rank	Anopheles balabacensis is a species of mosquito in the Culicidae family.	Anopheles balabacensis	species
taxon rank	The Parechinidae are a family of sea urchins in the class Echinoidea.	Parechinidae	family
taxon rank	Quercus similis, or swamp post oak, also known as bottomland post oak, is an oak species native to the southeastern and south-central United States.	Quercus similis	species
taxon rank	Ostrinotes tarena is a species of butterfly, described by William Chapman Hewitson in 1874, belonging to the family Lycaenidae.	Ostrinotes tarena	species
taxon rank	Anagrus epos is a species of fairyfly which has been proposed as a biological control agent against Homalodisca vitripennis.	Anagrus epos	species
taxon rank	Vallonia costata is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Valloniidae.	Vallonia costata	species
taxon rank	Angolasaurus is an extinct genus of mosasaur found in the Upper Cretaceous (Turonian) of Angola and described by Miguel Telles Antunes in 1964.	Angolasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Haworthia bolusii is a species of Haworthia that was originally described by John Gilbert Baker in 1880.	Haworthia bolusii	species
taxon rank	Paralacinius podoliensis is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Phalangiidae.	Paralacinius	species
taxon rank	Colochirus quadrangularis, commonly known as the thorny sea cucumber, is a species of sea cucumber in the family Cucumariidae.	Colochirus quadrangularis	species
taxon rank	Catafimbria boliviana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Catafimbria.	Catafimbria boliviana	species
taxon rank	Plagiochila is a large, common, and widespread genus of liverworts in order Jungermanniales.	Plagiochila	genus
taxon rank	Cochranella punctulata is a species of frog in the family Centrolenidae, endemic to Colombia.	Cochranella punctulata	species
taxon rank	Perideridia is a small genus of plants in the parsley family.	Perideridia	genus
taxon rank	Pritchardia affinis, the Hawai'i pritchardia, is a species of palm tree that is endemic to the Hawaiian Islands.	Pritchardia affinis	species
taxon rank	Cladonia perforata is a rare species of lichen known by the common names Florida perforate cladonia and Florida perforate reindeer lichen.	Cladonia perforata	species
taxon rank	Spathodus erythrodon is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika though absent from the southern end of the lake.	Spathodus erythrodon	species
taxon rank	The Caulleryellidae are a family of parasitic protozoa in the phylum Apicomplexa.	Caulleryellidae	family
taxon rank	Leishmania major is a species of protozoa found in the genus Leishmania, and is associated with the disease zoonotic cutaneous leishmaniasis (also known as Aleppo boil, Baghdad boil, Bay sore, Biskra button, Chiclero ulcer, Delhi boil, Kandahar sore, Lahore sore, Oriental sore, Pian bois, and Uta).	Leishmania major	species
taxon rank	Ameles africana is a species of praying mantis that inhabits Algeria, Morocco, Corsica, Dalmatia, Sardinia, Sicily, and Portugal.	Ameles africana	species
taxon rank	Bartsia alpina is a species of perennial flowering plant.	Bartsia alpina	species
taxon rank	Megatrema anglicum is a species of acorn barnacle that grows in association with or semi-parasitically on corals and octocorals.	Megatrema anglicum	species
taxon rank	Neptosternus arnecornelii is a species of beetle, named after Arne Cornelius.	Neptosternus arnecornelii	species
taxon rank	Mearns's squirrel (Tamiasciurus mearnsi) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Mearns's squirrel	species
taxon rank	Badis ruber is a species of freshwater fish found in Mekong, Salween and Irrawaddy basins in Laos and Thailand.	Badis ruber	species
taxon rank	Houstonia wrightii, pygmy bluet, is a plant species in the Rubiaceae.	Houstonia wrightii	species
taxon rank	The Asiatic lion (Panthera leo persica), also known as the Indian lion or Persian lion, is a lion subspecies that exists as a single population in India's Gujarat state.	Asiatic lion	subspecies
taxon rank	Puntius amphibius, also called the scarlet-banded barb, is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Puntius.	Puntius amphibius	species
taxon rank	Bull pipefish (Syngnathus springeri) is a pipefish species, inhabits the Western Atlantic from Canada to North Carolina (USA), Bahamas and northeastern Gulf of Mexico to Panama.	Bull pipefish	species
taxon rank	Drosera ordensis is a species of sundew, native to Australia and part of the ``petiolaris complex'' of sundews making up the subgenus Lasiocephala.	Drosera ordensis	species
taxon rank	Ancyloceratoidea, formerly Ancylocerataceae, is a superfamily of typically uncoiled and loosely coiled heteroomorph ammonoids established by Hyall, 1900, that may contain as many as 11 families, depending on the classification accepted.	Ancyloceratoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Rumex venosus is a species of flowering plant in the knotweed family known by the common names veiny dock, winged dock, and wild-begonia (it is not related to genus Begonia).	Rumex venosus	species
taxon rank	Duvalius abyssimus is a species of beetle described in 2014 by biologists Ana Sofia Reboleira and Vicente Ortuño.	Duvalius abyssimus	species
taxon rank	Cerobasis guestfalica is a species of Psocoptera belonging to the family Trogiidae.	Cerobasis guestfalica	species
taxon rank	Aphaenogaster avita is an extinct species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae known from a solitary early to middle Miocene fossil found in Japan.	Aphaenogaster avita	species
taxon rank	Panulirus argus, the Caribbean spiny lobster, is a species of spiny lobster that lives on reefs and in mangrove swamps in the western Atlantic Ocean.	Panulirus argus	species
taxon rank	Asteiidae is a small but widespread family of acalyptrate flies or Diptera.	Asteiidae	family
taxon rank	Phacelia mutabilis is a species of phacelia known by the common name changeable phacelia.	Phacelia mutabilis	species
taxon rank	The Hartmannellidae are a family of amoebozoa, usually found in soils.	Hartmannellidae	family
taxon rank	Rhododendron micranthum (照山白) is a rhododendron species native to China and Korea, where it grows at altitudes of 1000--3000 meters.	Rhododendron micranthum	species
taxon rank	Cavendishia is a genus of about 100 species of woody perennial plants, many of which are epiphytic.	Cavendishia	genus
taxon rank	Anguimorphs of the infraorder Anguimorpha include the anguids (alligator lizards, glass lizards, galliwasps and legless lizards).	Anguimorpha	infraorder
taxon rank	Gomphoscopa catoryctopsis is a moth in the Xyloryctidae family, and the only species in the genus Gomphoscopa.	Gomphoscopa catoryctopsis	species
taxon rank	Amphiprion pacificus, is a species of anemonefish that is found in the western Pacific Ocean.	Amphiprion pacificus	species
taxon rank	The Roman Dactylorhiza (Dactylorhiza romana) is a species of orchid.	Dactylorhiza romana	species
taxon rank	Chelydropsis murchisoni is an extinct species of snapping turtle of the extinct genus Chelydropsis that lived from the Oligocene to the Pliocene in Asia and Europe.	Chelydropsis	genus
taxon rank	Nanuqsaurus (meaning ``polar bear lizard'') is an extinct genus of carnivorous tyrannosaurid theropod known from the Late Cretaceous (early Late Maastrichtian stage) Prince Creek Formation of the North Slope of Alaska, USA.	Nanuqsaurus	genus
taxon rank	Clarkia lewisii is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name Lewis' clarkia.	Clarkia lewisii	species
taxon rank	Kalimeris pinnatifida, also known as the Double Japanese Aster is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.	Kalimeris pinnatifida	species
taxon rank	The family Flavobacteriaceae is composed of environmental bacteria.	Flavobacteriaceae	family
taxon rank	Croomia japonica is a plant species native to China and Japan.	Croomia japonica	species
taxon rank	Paspalum plicatulum is a species of grass known by the common name brownseed paspalum.	Paspalum plicatulum	species
taxon rank	Proterotheriidae is an extinct family of fossil ungulates from the Cenozoic era that displays toe reduction.	Proterotheriidae	family
taxon rank	Stenopsocus immaculatus is a species of Psocoptera from Stenopsocidae family that can be found in Great Britain and Ireland.	Stenopsocus immaculatus	species
taxon rank	Hygrophoropsis aurantiaca, commonly known as the false chanterelle, is a species of fungus in the family Hygrophoropsidaceae.	Hygrophoropsis aurantiaca	species
taxon rank	Trachipterus arcticus is a species of ribbonfish found predominantly in the North Atlantic Ocean, with one report from the Mediterranean Sea.	Trachipterus arcticus	species
taxon rank	Rhynchophreatia is a genus of 10 species of orchids found in Australia, New Guinea, the Solomon Islands, Indonesia, Micronesia, and New Caledonia.	Rhynchophreatia	genus
taxon rank	Aereniphaula machadorum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Aereniphaula.	Aereniphaula machadorum	species
taxon rank	Anomochilus monticola, the mountain pipe snake, or Kinabalu giant blind snake, is a species of snake in the Anomochilidae family.	Anomochilus monticola	species
taxon rank	Lophozonia glauca (Hualo) is a species of plant in the Nothofagaceae family.	Lophozonia glauca	species
taxon rank	Coprosma elegans is a flowering plant species in the genus Coprosma found in New Guinea.	Coprosma elegans	species
taxon rank	Eragrostis dielsii, commonly known as mallee lovegrass, is a species of grass endemic to Australia.	Eragrostis dielsii	species
taxon rank	Bafutia tenuicaulis is a species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family, and the only species in the genus Bafutia.	Bafutia	species
taxon rank	Rhyothemis fenestrina, known as the Black-winged flutterer, Golden flutterer, or Skylight flutterer, is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.	Rhyothemis fenestrina	species
taxon rank	Pirskenius is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the early part of the Miocene epoch.	Pirskenius	genus
taxon rank	Nyctibatrachus beddomii (common names: Beddome's night frog, pigmy wrinkled frog, Beddome's dwarf wrinkled frog, and Tirunvelveli's hill frog) is a species of frog in the Nyctibatrachidae family.	Nyctibatrachus beddomii	species
taxon rank	Capriocornites is a rutoceratid genus (Nautiloidea - Cephalopoda) from the Devonian, related to such genera as Rutoceras and Goldringia.	Capriocornites	genus
taxon rank	Praegmelina is an extinct genus of crustacean in the order Amphipoda.	Praegmelina	genus
taxon rank	Oreostylidium is a genus of flowering plants in the family Stylidiaceae with a single species, Oreostylidium subulatum, that is endemic to New Zealand.	Oreostylidium	species
taxon rank	Austrochaperina mehelyi is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family, endemic to Papua New Guinea, known only from two localities, Adelbert Range and mountains of Huon Peninsula .	Austrochaperina mehelyi	species
taxon rank	Grunion are two fish species of the genus Leuresthes: the California grunion, L. tenuis, and the Gulf grunion L. sardinas.	Grunion	genus
taxon rank	Rhynchodina is a monotypic genus of noctuoid moths in the Erebidae family.	Rhynchodina	genus
taxon rank	Microraptor (Greek, μίκρος, mīkros: ``small''; Latin, raptor: ``one who seizes'') was a genus of small, four-winged paravian (possibly dromaeosaurid) dinosaurs.	Microraptor	genus
taxon rank	Physa marmorata is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Physidae.	Physa marmorata	species
taxon rank	Crataegus iracunda, with common name passionate hawthorn, and sometimes called the stolon-bearing hawthorn is a North American species of hawthorn.	Crataegus iracunda	species
taxon rank	Nanocheirodon insignis is a species of characin endemic to Colombia where it is found in Lake Maracaibo and the Magdalena River basin.	Nanocheirodon insignis	species
taxon rank	Asarum lemmonii is a species of wild ginger which is endemic to California.	Asarum lemmonii	species
taxon rank	Croton lawianus is a species of the genus Croton and the family Euphorbiaceae located in the Baba Budan range in Karnataka, India.	Croton lawianus	species
taxon rank	Gagata sexualis is a species of sisorid catfish endemic to India.	Gagata sexualis	species
taxon rank	Luciobarbus escherichii is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to freshwater habitats in Turkey.	Luciobarbus escherichii	species
taxon rank	Dictyotenguna angusta is a species of planthopper native to Guangxi, China.	Dictyotenguna angusta	species
taxon rank	Lotus rubriflorus is a rare species of legume known by the common name red-flowered bird's-foot trefoil.	Lotus rubriflorus	species
taxon rank	Pelocetidae is an extinct family of baleen whales.	Pelocetidae	family
taxon rank	× Ascocenda, abbreviated as Ascda in the horticultural trade, is a man-made hybrid orchid genus resulting from a cross between Ascocentrum and Vanda (Asctm × V).	Ascocenda	genus
taxon rank	Mycena acicula, commonly known as the orange bonnet, or the coral spring Mycena, is a species of fungus in the Mycenaceae family.	Mycena acicula	species
taxon rank	It is the only member of the monotypic genus Steinbachiella.	Steinbachiella	genus
taxon rank	Indigofera is a large genus of over 750 species of flowering plants belonging to the family Fabaceae.	Indigofera	genus
taxon rank	Athyrtis is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by Felder in 1862.	Athyrtis	genus
taxon rank	Polistes annularis (P. annularis) is a species of paper wasp which lives in North America.	Polistes annularis	species
taxon rank	Penicillium madriti is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium which produces orsellinic acid.	Penicillium madriti	species
taxon rank	Enneapterygius obscurus is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius.	Enneapterygius obscurus	species
taxon rank	Abies delavayi, the Delavay's silver-fir or Delavay's fir, is a species of fir, native to Yunnan in southwest China and adjoining border areas in southeastern Tibet, far northeastern India, northern Myanmar, and far northwestern Vietnam.	Abies delavayi	species
taxon rank	Carabus marietti inexpectatus is a subspecies of beetle from Carabidae family, that is endemic to Turkey.	Carabus marietti inexpectatus	subspecies
taxon rank	The Capulidae, the cap snails or cap shells, are a taxonomic family of limpet-like sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha.	Capulidae	family
taxon rank	Cypraeovula capensis, common name the Cape cowrie, is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Cypraeovula capensis	species
taxon rank	Penicillium claviforme is a species of Penicillium within the phylum Ascomycota.	Penicillium claviforme	species
taxon rank	Orhantarctia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from Lesser Sundaland:	Orhantarctia	genus
taxon rank	Rhabdoblennius nigropunctatus is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Pacific Ocean, around Fiji and Tonga.	Rhabdoblennius nigropunctatus	species
taxon rank	Chimonanthus praecox, also known as wintersweet or Japanese allspice, is a species of flowering plant in the genus Chimonanthus of the family Calycanthaceae, native to China.	Chimonanthus praecox	species
taxon rank	Crepidodera is a genus of beetle from a leaf beetle family.	Crepidodera	genus
taxon rank	Cystoseira elegans is a brown alga species in the genus Cystoseira endemic to the Mediterranean.	Cystoseira elegans	species
taxon rank	Plectaster decanus, the mosaic sea star, is a species of sea star found off the south coast of Australia.	Plectaster decanus	species
taxon rank	Ranunculus flammula, the lesser spearwort, greater creeping spearwort or banewort, is a species of perennial herbaceous plants in the genus Ranunculus (buttercup), growing in damp places throughout the Boreal Kingdom.	Ranunculus flammula	species
taxon rank	Laternea triscapa is a species of fungus in the Phallaceae family.	Laternea triscapa	species
taxon rank	Yakuhananomia bidentata is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae, which is in the genus Yakuhananomia.	Yakuhananomia bidentata	species
taxon rank	Delphinium nuttallianum is a species of larkspur known by the common names twolobe larkspur and Nuttall's larkspur.	Delphinium nuttallianum	species
taxon rank	Scartichthys crapulatus is a species of combtooth blenny found in the southeast Pacific ocean, and is endemic to Chile.	Scartichthys crapulatus	species
taxon rank	Plesiadapidae is a family of plesiadapiform mammals related to primates known from the Paleocene and Eocene of North America, Europe, and Asia.	Plesiadapidae	family
taxon rank	Lachesilla tanaidana is a species of Psocoptera from Lachesillidae family that can be found in Germany, Hungary, Portugal, Sardinia, Switzerland, and Ukraine.	Lachesilla tanaidana	species
taxon rank	Pelecyphora is a genus of cacti, comprising 2 species.	Pelecyphora	genus
taxon rank	Faurea macnaughtonii (Terblanz beech) is a species of tree in the Proteaceae family.	Faurea macnaughtonii	species
taxon rank	Penstemon scapoides is an uncommon species of penstemon known by the common name pinyon beardtongue.	Penstemon scapoides	species
taxon rank	Impatiens platypetala is variable species of perennial Impatiens discovered on the island of Java and widespread throughout Indonesia.	Impatiens platypetala	species
taxon rank	Southern pipefish, Syngnathus folletti, is a pipefish species, inhabits the Southwest Atlantic near Uruguay.	Southern pipefish	species
taxon rank	Anisopodus xylinus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that was described by Bates in 1881.	Anisopodus xylinus	species
taxon rank	Citharichthys amblybregmatus is a species of flatfish in the large-tooth flounder family Paralichthyidae.	Citharichthys amblybregmatus	species
taxon rank	Burykhia hunti is a Precambrian fossil genus from the White Sea region of Russia dating to 555 million years ago.	Burykhia	genus
taxon rank	Brunellia acostae is a species of plant in the Brunelliaceae family.	Brunellia acostae	species
taxon rank	Protobrama is an extinct genus of teleost fish from the Cretaceous period of Lebanon.	Protobrama	genus
taxon rank	Coelotrochus oppressus, common name the shouldered top shell, is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Trochidae, the top snails or top shells.	Coelotrochus oppressus	species
taxon rank	Harpegnathos saltator, sometimes called the Indian jumping ant or Jerdon's jumping ant, is a species of ant found in India.	Harpegnathos saltator	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Tortrimosaica polypodivora, which is found in Brazil.	Tortrimosaica	species
taxon rank	Brasilicereus markgrafii is a species of cactus which is endemic to Brazil.	Brasilicereus markgrafii	species
taxon rank	Gammarus roeseli is a species of freshwater amphipod found across Europe from the Benelux countries to European Turkey.	Gammarus roeseli	species
taxon rank	Dactylopteryx is a genus of praying mantis in the family Liturgusidae.	Dactylopteryx	genus
taxon rank	Leiognathus is a genus of ponyfishes native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.	Leiognathus	genus
taxon rank	Thorncroftia is a genus of flowering plants in the mint family, Lamiaceae, first described as a genus in 1912.	Thorncroftia	genus
taxon rank	Necrophila is a genus of carrion beetles, with around 20 species: most found in Asia and India, and one species in North America, Necrophila americana.	Necrophila	genus
taxon rank	Asima is an extinct genus of prehistoric fish and not much is known about it.bony fish.	Asima	genus
taxon rank	Nebria chitralensis is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Pakistan.	Nebria chitralensis	species
taxon rank	Eucommiales is a botanical name for an order of flowering plants.	Eucommiales	order
taxon rank	Philophthalmus gralli, commonly known as oriental avian eye fluke, is found in conjunctiva sac of eyes of many species of birds.	Philophthalmus gralli	species
taxon rank	Mycobacterium fluoranthenivorans is a species of the phylum actinobacteria (gram-positive bacteria with high guanine and cytosine content, one of the dominant phyla of all bacteria), belonging to the genus mycobacterium.	Mycobacterium fluoranthenivorans	species
taxon rank	Columna leai is a species of tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Achatinidae.	Columna leai	species
taxon rank	Laminacauda maxima is a species of sheet weaver found in Tristan da Cunha.	Laminacauda maxima	species
taxon rank	Dubautia herbstobatae (Na'ena'e or Keaau Valley dubautia) is an endangered species of shrub which is endemic to Oahu, Hawaii.	Dubautia herbstobatae	species
taxon rank	Pegusa is a genus of soles native to the Eastern Atlantic Ocean, Mediterranean Sea, and Black Sea.	Pegusa	genus
taxon rank	Philanthus nasalis is a species of bee-hunting wasp (or ``beewolf'') originally described from Contra Costa County, California.	Philanthus nasalis	species
taxon rank	In taxonomy, the Golenkiniaceae are a family of algae, specifically of the Chloroccocales.	Golenkiniaceae	family
taxon rank	Pristilepis oligolepis, the spinyface soldier, is a species of soldierfish found in association with reefs in the Indian and Pacific Oceans.	Pristilepis oligolepis	species
taxon rank	Only one species are recorded for genus, Rupelramphastoides knopfi, and it is classified ``family incertae sedis'', pending discovery of additional specimens.	Rupelramphastoides	species
taxon rank	Eragrostis desertorum is a species of grass known from Queensland, Western Australia, and the Northern Territory.	Eragrostis desertorum	species
taxon rank	Bothriospondylus (``excavated vertebra'') is an dubious genus of sauropod dinosaur.	Bothriospondylus	genus
taxon rank	Salix integra (Chinese: 杞柳 qi liu; Japanese: イヌコリヤナギ inukoriyanagi ; syn. S. multinervis Franch. & Savatier) is a species of willow native to northeastern China, Japan, Korea and Primorsky Krai in the far southeast of Russia.	Salix integra	species
taxon rank	Agave phillipsiana is a rare species of flowering plant in the asparagus family known by the common names Grand Canyon century plant and Phillips agave.	Agave phillipsiana	species
taxon rank	Heliamphora pulchella (Latin: pulchellus = pretty) is a species of marsh pitcher plant endemic to the Chimanta Massif and surrounding tepuis in Venezuela.	Heliamphora pulchella	species
taxon rank	Sagra femorata is a species of beetle belonging to the family Chrysomelidae.	Sagra femorata	species
taxon rank	Populus ilicifolia (Tana River poplar) is a species of poplar in the family Salicaceae.	Populus ilicifolia	species
taxon rank	Brachyptera is a genus of taeniopterygid stoneflies of mostly western Paleartic distribution.	Brachyptera	genus
taxon rank	Pseudorinelepis genibarbis is a species of armored catfish native to Brazil and Peru where it is found in the Upper Amazon basin.	Pseudorinelepis genibarbis	species
taxon rank	Cirsium occidentale, with the common name cobweb thistle or cobwebby thistle, is a North American species of thistle in the sunflower family.	Cirsium occidentale	species
taxon rank	Rubus parviflorus, commonly called thimbleberry, salmonberry, and snow bramble, is a species of Rubus, native to North America.	Rubus parviflorus	species
taxon rank	Datura lanosa is a species of Datura.	Datura lanosa	species
taxon rank	Calotomus is a parrotfish genus from the Indo-Pacific, with a single species ranging into the warmer parts of the east Pacific.	Calotomus	genus
taxon rank	Enneapterygius philippinus, known commonly as the Minute triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius.	Enneapterygius philippinus	species
taxon rank	Ponerosteus is a dubious genus of archosaur which was first identified as ``Iguanodon exogirarum'' by Antonin Fritsch in 1878 for a specimen from the Cenomanian (Late Cretaceous of the Czech Republic).	Ponerosteus	genus
taxon rank	Discodeles malukuna (common name: Malukuna webbed frog) is a species of frog in the Ceratobatrachidae family.	Discodeles malukuna	species
taxon rank	Caupedactylus is an extinct genus of tapejarid azhdarchoid pterosaur known from the Early Cretaceous Romualdo Formation of Araripe Basin, northeastern Brazil.	Caupedactylus	genus
taxon rank	Megosmidus tuberculatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Megosmidus.	Megosmidus	genus
taxon rank	Jovellania is an extinct prehistoric nautiloid genus from the order Oncocerida known from the Lower Devonian of Europe (France, Germany).	Jovellania	genus
taxon rank	Salsola imbricata is a small species of shrub in the family Amaranthaceae.	Salsola imbricata	species
taxon rank	Clitoria fragrans is a rare species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name pigeon wings, or sweet-scented pigeon wings.	Clitoria fragrans	species
taxon rank	Grindelia hirsutula is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names hairy gumplant and hairy gumweed.	Grindelia hirsutula	species
taxon rank	Geitoneura is a genus of nymphalid butterflies, commonly known as xenicas.	Geitoneura	genus
taxon rank	Gibberula langostera is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.	Gibberula langostera	species
taxon rank	Didymothallus is a genus of viviparous brotulas found in the Indian and western Pacific Oceans.	Didymothallus	genus
taxon rank	Arytropteris is a genus of shield-backed katydid, containing the following species:	Arytropteris	genus
taxon rank	Conus cocceus, common name the cocceus cone or the scarlet-spotted cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus cocceus	species
taxon rank	Isocoma drummondii, the Drummond's goldenbush, is a North American plant species in the sunflower family.	Isocoma drummondii	species
taxon rank	Eczemotellus subtilipectus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Eczemotellus.	Eczemotellus subtilipectus	species
taxon rank	Lathyrus hirsutus is a species of wild pea known by several common names, including Caley pea, hairy vetchling, and Austrian winterpea.	Lathyrus hirsutus	species
taxon rank	Oophila amblystomatis, commonly known as chlamydomonad algae or salamander algae, is a species of single-celled green algae.	Oophila	species
taxon rank	Silene lemmonii is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name Lemmon's catchfly.	Silene lemmonii	species
taxon rank	The Mudur caecilian, Gegeneophis madhavai, is a species of caecilian found in India.	Gegeneophis madhavai	species
taxon rank	Desmanthus bicornutus is a species of flowering plant in the legume family native to northern and central Mexico and the southwestern United States.	Desmanthus bicornutus	species
taxon rank	Alcithoe grahami is a species of medium-sized deepwater sea snail, a gastropod mollusc in the family Volutidae, the volutes.	Alcithoe grahami	species
taxon rank	Thyridopteryx is a genus of bagworm moth.	Thyridopteryx	genus
taxon rank	Cellana strigilis strigilis is a species of large limpet, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Nacellidae, one of the families of true limpets.	Cellana strigilis	species
taxon rank	Cyclostremellini is a minor tribe, a taxonomic grouping, of minute sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks, in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	Cyclostremellini	tribe
taxon rank	Citioica anthonilis is a species of moth from a Saturniidae family, which can be found from Central America to Brazil.	Citioica anthonilis	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Barria piceae.	Barria	species
taxon rank	Cetostoma regani, the Pink flabby whalefish, is a species of flabby whalefish found in the ocean depths down to 2,250 metres (7,380 ft).	Cetostoma regani	species
taxon rank	Chorizanthe cuspidata is a species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common name San Francisco spineflower.	Chorizanthe cuspidata	species
taxon rank	Psathyrostachys is a genus of Eurasian plants in the grass family.	Psathyrostachys	genus
taxon rank	Baeriopsis is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the aster family, Asteraceae, containing the single species Baeriopsis guadalupensis.	Baeriopsis	genus
taxon rank	Methylibium petroleiphilum is a species of methyl tert-butyl ether-degrading methylotroph, the type species of its genus.	Methylibium petroleiphilum	species
taxon rank	Fahrenholzia pinnata is a species of louse.	Fahrenholzia pinnata	species
taxon rank	Cypraeidae, common name the cowries (singular: cowry), is a taxonomic family of small to large sea snails.	Cypraeidae	family
taxon rank	Bromus commutatus, known as Meadow Brome, is an annual or biennial species of plant in the grass family Poaceae.	Bromus commutatus	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Geriojennsa cunegunda, which is found in Argentina.	Geriojennsa	species
taxon rank	Phrynops hilarii, commonly known as Hilaire's toadhead turtle or Hilaire's side-necked turtle, is a species of turtle endemic to South America.	Phrynops hilarii	species
taxon rank	Volvarina angustata, common name : the narrow marginella, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae, the margin snails.	Volvarina angustata	species
taxon rank	Spinacia is a flowering plant genus in subfamily Chenopodioideae of family Amaranthaceae.	Spinacia	genus
taxon rank	Acrossocheilus aluoiensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Acrossocheilus found mostly in Vietnam.	Acrossocheilus aluoiensis	species
taxon rank	Pyramidelloidea is a superfamily of mostly very small sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks and micromollusks within the clade Panpulmonata.	Pyramidelloidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Nostolepis is an extinct genus of acanthodian fish which lived in the Late Silurian (Pridoli) to Middle Devonian (Lochkovian).	Nostolepis	genus
taxon rank	Artemisia campestris is a common and widespread species of plants in the sunflower family.	Artemisia campestris	species
taxon rank	Phelsuma quadriocellata is a species of gecko known by the common name peacock day gecko.	Phelsuma quadriocellata	species
taxon rank	The Ecuador slender-legged tree frog, Osteocephalus verruciger, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Colombia and Ecuador.	Ecuador slender-legged tree frog	species
taxon rank	Festuca eskia is a species of grass which is endemic to southwestern Europe.	Festuca eskia	species
taxon rank	Anthocercis viscosa, also known as Sticky Tailflower, is a species of shrub in the Solanaceae family, native to the south coast of Western Australia.	Anthocercis viscosa	species
taxon rank	Prunus sibirica, called Siberian apricot (Chinese: 山杏; pinyin: shān xìng), is a species of shrub or small tree native to eastern China, Japan, Korea, Mongolia, and eastern Siberia.	Prunus sibirica	species
taxon rank	Conus ochroleucus, common name the prefect cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus ochroleucus	species
taxon rank	Platyhedylidae is a family of sacoglossan sea slugs, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Platyhedylidae.	Platyhedylidae	family
taxon rank	Antipodromia is a monotypic genus of fly from New Zealand that was first described by Plant in 2011.	Antipodromia	genus
taxon rank	Antennaria umbrinella is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common names umber pussytoes and brown pussytoes.	Antennaria umbrinella	species
taxon rank	Heterodontosauridae is a family of early ornithischian dinosaurs that were likely among the most basal (primitive) members of the group.	Heterodontosauridae	family
taxon rank	Gaioxenus pilipalpis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Gaioxenus.	Gaioxenus	species
taxon rank	Otiorhynchus cribricollis is one of the many species in the weevil family (Curculionidae).	Otiorhynchus cribricollis	species
taxon rank	Lupinus elmeri is an uncommon species of lupine known by the common names Elmer's lupine and South Fork Mountain lupine.	Lupinus elmeri	species
taxon rank	Iris pseudacorus (yellow flag, yellow iris, water flag, lever) is a species in the genus Iris, of the family Iridaceae.	Iris pseudacorus	species
taxon rank	Didymium wildpretii is a species of slime mold which feeds on the decaying remains of various species of cacti.	Didymium wildpretii	species
taxon rank	Scaevola floribunda is a species of plant in the Goodeniaceae family.	Scaevola floribunda	species
taxon rank	Sisteronia is an extinct genus of platypterygiine ophthalmosaurid ichthyosaur known from the 'middle' Cretaceous of southeastern England and southeastern France.	Sisteronia	genus
taxon rank	Lewisia maguirei is a rare species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common name Maguire's lewisia, or Maguire's bitterroot.	Lewisia maguirei	species
taxon rank	Conasprella otohimeae, common name Otohime's cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conasprella otohimeae	species
taxon rank	Deinacrida carinata is a species of insect in family Anostostomatidae.	Deinacrida carinata	species
taxon rank	Saffron Ringless Amanita (Amanita crocea) is a species of Amanita widely distributed in Europe.	Amanita crocea	species
taxon rank	Pseudoceros ferrugineus, the Fuchsia flatworm, is a marine flatworm species that belongs to the Pseudocerotidae family.	Pseudoceros ferrugineus	species
taxon rank	Cambaroides similis is a species of crayfish endemic to the Korean Peninsula and neighbouring parts of China.	Cambaroides similis	species
taxon rank	Paracanthocobitis maekhlongensis also known as the Maekhlong zipper loach is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Paracanthocobitis.	Paracanthocobitis maekhlongensis	species
taxon rank	Ostreococcus tauri is a unicellular species of marine green alga about 0.8 micrometres (μm) in diameter, the smallest free-living (non-symbiotic) eukaryote yet described.	Ostreococcus tauri	species
taxon rank	The sea anemone Edwardsia claparedii is a species of marine invertebrate in the Family Edwardsiidae.	Edwardsia claparedii	species
taxon rank	Sabacon cavicolens is a species of harvestman.	Sabacon cavicolens	species
taxon rank	Phialella zappai is a species of cnidarian named for musician Frank Zappa.	Phialella zappai	species
taxon rank	Thapsia snelli is a species of air-breathing land snail or semi-slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicarionidae.	Thapsia snelli	species
taxon rank	Harttia fowleri is a species of armored catfish that inhabits the Oyapock River basin of Brazil and French Guiana.	Harttia fowleri	species
taxon rank	Agave murpheyi is a species of agave.	Agave murpheyi	species
taxon rank	Galium sparsiflorum is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common name Sequoia bedstraw.	Galium sparsiflorum	species
taxon rank	Deinodon (Greek for ``terrible tooth'') is a tyrannosaurid dinosaur genus containing a single species, Deinodon horridus.	Deinodon	genus
taxon rank	Acanthicus adonis, the adonis pleco, is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil.	Acanthicus adonis	species
taxon rank	Forstera bellidifolia, the Tasmanian Forstera, is a species in the family Stylidiaceae that is endemic to Tasmania, Australia.	Forstera bellidifolia	species
taxon rank	Fusinus colus, common name the Distaff spindle or Long-tailed Spindle, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae, the spindle snails, the tulip snails and their allies.	Fusinus colus	species
taxon rank	Catenalis is a genus of extinct plants of the Early Devonian (Pragian, around 410 million years ago).	Catenalis	genus
taxon rank	Acanthothericles is a genus of thericleid orthopteran.	Acanthothericles	genus
taxon rank	Tullimonstrum gregarium takes its genus name from its discoverer, Francis Tully.	Tullimonstrum	genus
taxon rank	Baphetidae is an extinct family of early tetrapods.	Baphetidae	family
taxon rank	The African citril (Crithagra citrinelloides), also known as the Abyssinian citril, is a species of finch.	African citril	species
taxon rank	Iridomyrmex, or the rainbow ant (referring to its blue-green iridescent sheen) is a genus of ant first described by Austrian entomologist Gustav Mayr in 1862.	Iridomyrmex	genus
taxon rank	Onopordum L., cottonthistle, is a genus of plants in the thistle tribe within the Asteraceae.	Onopordum	genus
taxon rank	Paracrossotus multifasciculatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paracrossotus.	Paracrossotus multifasciculatus	species
taxon rank	Simian immunodeficiency viruses (SIVs) are retroviruses able to infect at least 45 species of African non-human primates.	Simian immunodeficiency virus	species
taxon rank	Musculus niger, or the little black mussel, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Mytilidae.	Musculus niger	species
taxon rank	Opisthorchis viverrini (together with Clonorchis sinensis and Opisthorchis felineus) is one of the three most medically important species in the family Opisthorchiidae.	Opisthorchis viverrini	species
taxon rank	The bloater (Coregonus hoyi) is a species or form of freshwater whitefish in the family Salmonidae.	Coregonus hoyi	species
taxon rank	Kellibrooksia is an extinct genus of crustacean in the order Hoplostraca from the Middle Pennsylvanian.	Kellibrooksia	genus
taxon rank	Galium magellense, Maiella bedstraw, is a plant species of the Rubiaceae.	Galium magellense	species
taxon rank	Microlipophrys velifer is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern Atlantic ocean off west Africa from Senegal and Cape Verde to the Cunene River, Angola.	Microlipophrys velifer	species
taxon rank	Micropterix aureofasciella is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae that was described by Heath in 1986.	Micropterix aureofasciella	species
taxon rank	Rhagodidae is a family of solifuges or sun spiders.	Rhagodidae	family
taxon rank	Dacrydium ericioides is a species of conifer in the Podocarpaceae family and is found only in Malaysia.	Dacrydium ericioides	species
taxon rank	Xenodon rabdocephalus, commonly known as the false fer-de-lance, is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake endemic to Central America and northern South America.	Xenodon rabdocephalus	species
taxon rank	Vanda is a genus in the orchid family (Orchidaceae) which, although not massive (about eighty species), is one of the genera more commonly found in the market place.	Vanda	genus
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Weinmannioscyphus messerschmidii.	Weinmannioscyphus	species
taxon rank	Bostockia porosa is a species of fish in the family Percichthyidae, the temperate perches.	Bostockia porosa	species
taxon rank	Tradescantia pinetorum, the pinewoods spiderwort, is a species of Tradescantia and part of the Commelinaceae family.	Tradescantia pinetorum	species
taxon rank	The Philippines spurdog (Squalus montalbani), also known as the Indonesian greeneye spurdog is a relatively large species of dogfish shark native to waters off the coast of Australia, the Philippines, and Indonesia.	Squalus montalbani	species
taxon rank	Coenosia elegans is a species of fly in the genus Coenosia.	Coenosia elegans	species
taxon rank	The Humboldt cutthroat trout (Oncorhynchus clarkii humboldtensis) is a subspecies of cutthroat trout, a North American fish in the Salmonidae family.	Humboldt cutthroat trout	subspecies
taxon rank	Dodecatheon jeffreyi is a species of flowering plant in the primrose family known by the common names Sierra shooting star, Jeffrey's shooting star, and tall mountain shooting star.	Dodecatheon jeffreyi	species
taxon rank	Tarentola is a genus of geckos, commonly known as wall geckos.	Tarentola	genus
taxon rank	Mystus leucophasis is an Asian species of upside-down catfish belonging to the family Bagridae.	Mystus leucophasis	species
taxon rank	Sporolactobacillus is a genus of anaerobic, endospore-forming, Gram-positive, motile rod-shaped, lactic acid bacteria.	Sporolactobacillus	genus
taxon rank	Cunningtonia longiventralis is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika in East Africa where it is found near rocky shores.	Cunningtonia longiventralis	species
taxon rank	Lysipomia acaulis is a species of flowering plant in the family Campanulaceae.	Lysipomia acaulis	species
taxon rank	Eufriesea flaviventris is a species of bee in the family Apidae, tribe Euglossini (orchid bees).	Eufriesea flaviventris	species
taxon rank	Notothenia is a genus of cod icefishes native to the Southern Ocean and other waters around Antarctica.	Notothenia	genus
taxon rank	Phoroctenia is a genus of true crane flies found in northern Europe, eastern Russia, and western North America.	Phoroctenia	genus
taxon rank	Calamagrostis (small reed or reed grass) is a genus in the grass family Poaceae, with about 260 species that occur mainly in temperate regions of the globe.	Calamagrostis	genus
taxon rank	Kryptopterus bicirrhis, often called the glass catfish, is an Asian glass catfish species of the genus Kryptopterus.	Kryptopterus bicirrhis	species
taxon rank	Allium ovalifolium is a Chinese species of onion widely cultivated as an ornamental in other regions.	Allium ovalifolium	species
taxon rank	Solidago altiplanities, the high plains goldenrod, is a plant species native to the high-altitude plains of Oklahoma and the Texas Panhandle, often found on ridges and escarpments.	Solidago altiplanities	species
taxon rank	Nepenthes attenboroughii (/nɨˈpɛnθiːz ˌætɨnˈbɜri.aɪ/ or /ˌætɨnbəˈroʊɡi.aɪ/), or Attenborough's pitcher plant, is a montane species of carnivorous pitcher plant of the genus Nepenthes.	Nepenthes attenboroughii	species
taxon rank	It was originally described by Friedrich Markgraf in 1941 as ``Prismatocarpus schinzianus'', but was moved to its own genus, Namacodon by Mats Thulin in 1974.	Namacodon	genus
taxon rank	Acradenia is a genus of trees comprising two species from Australia:	Acradenia	genus
taxon rank	Phlox glaberrima (commonly called smooth phlox) is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family.	Phlox glaberrima	species
taxon rank	Tubaria rufofulva is a species of agaric fungus in the family Tubariaceae.	Tubaria rufofulva	species
taxon rank	Pusula pediculus, common name the ``coffee bean trivia'', is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Triviidae, the false cowries or trivias.	Pusula pediculus	species
taxon rank	Centaurea ragusina is a species of Centaurea found in Croatia.	Centaurea ragusina	species
taxon rank	Afrozomus machadoi is a species of arachnid, belonging to the family Hubbardiidae in the order Schizomida (``shorttailed whipscorpions'').	Afrozomus machadoi	species
taxon rank	Erysimum insulare is a species of wallflower known by the common name island wallflower.	Erysimum insulare	species
taxon rank	Junodia amoena is a species of praying mantis found in Ethiopia, Kenya, Mozambique, and Tanzania.	Junodia amoena	species
taxon rank	Cephalocassis is a genus of sea catfishes found along the coasts and in rivers and lakes of southern Asia from India to Malaysia.	Cephalocassis	genus
taxon rank	Ptyas fusca, commonly known as the White-bellied Rat Snake or Brown Rat Snake, is a species of colubrid snake.	Ptyas fusca	species
taxon rank	Stenocereus (Gk. stenos, narrow, L. cereus, candle) is a genus of columnar or tree-like cacti from the Baja California Peninsula and other parts of Mexico, Arizona in the United States, Colombia, Costa Rica, Guatemala, Venezuela and the ABC islands of the Dutch Caribbean.	Stenocereus	genus
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Virgella robusta.	Virgella	species
taxon rank	Amauropsis bransfieldensis is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Naticidae, commonly known as moon snails.	Amauropsis bransfieldensis	species
taxon rank	Encephalartos cupidus is a species of cycad that is found in the Limpopo Province, South Africa at elevations of 700 up to 1,500.	Encephalartos cupidus	species
taxon rank	Delphinium uliginosum is a species of larkspur known by the common names swamp larkspur and bog larkspur.	Delphinium uliginosum	species
taxon rank	Poecilosomella brevisecunda is a species of fly belonging to the family Sphaeroceridae.	Poecilosomella brevisecunda	species
taxon rank	Oxyopes takobius is a species of venomous spiders belonging to a family of lynx spiders.	Oxyopes takobius	species
taxon rank	The Tiger-striped Cymbidium (Cymbidium tigrinum) is a species of orchid.	Cymbidium tigrinum	species
taxon rank	Hyrcanogobius bergi, the Volga dwarf goby, is a species of goby endemic to the Caspian Sea where it occurs in fresh, brackish and marine waters along the coast.	Hyrcanogobius bergi	species
taxon rank	Psilocybe jacobsii is a species of mushroom in the Strophariaceae family, recorded from the Mazatec region of Oaxaca state, Mexico.	Psilocybe jacobsii	species
taxon rank	Bantiella pallida is a species of praying mantis in the genus Bantiella in the order Mantodea.	Bantiella pallida	species
taxon rank	Marah horridus, common name Sierra manroot, is a species of flowering plant in the family Cucurbitaceae, endemic to the foothills of the Sierra Nevada and the Tehachapi Mountains in California.	Marah horridus	species
taxon rank	The species was known as Gillmeria tetradactyla until recently, but is now known as Gillmeria ochrodactyla.	Gillmeria ochrodactyla	species
taxon rank	Actinomyces israelii is a species of Gram-positive, rod-shaped bacteria within the Actinomyces.	Actinomyces israelii	species
taxon rank	Caristanius tripartitus is a species of snout moth in the genus Caristanius.	Caristanius tripartitus	species
taxon rank	Diplograptus was a Cambrian genus of graptolite,.	Diplograptus	genus
taxon rank	At present, the only species recognized is Sanblasia dressleri L.Andersson, endemic to Panamá.	Sanblasia	species
taxon rank	The Amatola toad (Vandijkophrynus amatolicus) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Amatola toad	species
taxon rank	Ranunculus muricatus is a species of buttercup known by the common names rough-fruited buttercup and spinyfruit buttercup.	Ranunculus muricatus	species
taxon rank	Exidiopsis effusa is a species of fungus in the family Auriculariaceae, and the type species of the genus Exidiopsis.	Exidiopsis effusa	species
taxon rank	Musumecia is a clitocyboid agaric fungal genus with a soft, pseudosclerotium-like base.	Musumecia	genus
taxon rank	Bacidina contecta is a species of fungi within the Ramalinaceae family, first found in inland rainforests of British Columbia.	Bacidina contecta	species
taxon rank	Actaea racemosa (black cohosh, black bugbane, black snakeroot, fairy candle; syn. Cimicifuga racemosa) is a species of flowering plant of the family Ranunculaceae.	Actaea racemosa	species
taxon rank	Calliostoma sayanum, common name Say's top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma sayanum	species
taxon rank	Endomychus coccineus, common name Scarlet Endomychus or False Ladybird, is a species of beetles in the family Endomychidae.	Endomychus coccineus	species
taxon rank	Neonesomia is a genus of North American flowering plants in the aster tribe within the sunflower family.	Neonesomia	genus
taxon rank	Antennophorus is a genus of mites in the family Antennophoridae.	Antennophorus	genus
taxon rank	Oenothera longissima is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name longstem evening primrose.	Oenothera longissima	species
taxon rank	Epitonium scalare, common name the precious wentletrap, is a predatory or ectoparasitic species of marine gastropod with an operculum, in the family Epitoniidae, the wentletraps.	Epitonium scalare	species
taxon rank	Indarbela is a genus of moths in the Metarbelidae family.	Indarbela	genus
taxon rank	Hinasuri is an extinct genus of rhea from the Pliocene.	Hinasuri	genus
taxon rank	Miomoptera is an extinct order of insects.	Miomoptera	order
taxon rank	Chromolaena oteroi (Mona Island thoroughwort), is a West Indian species of flowering shrub in the sunflower family.	Chromolaena oteroi	species
taxon rank	The flowering plant genus Trochetiopsis consists of two extant and one extinct species endemic to the island of Saint Helena (South Atlantic Ocean).	Trochetiopsis	genus
taxon rank	It consists of only one species, Anticoreura salmoni, which is found in Colombia.	Anticoreura	species
taxon rank	Ochrobactrum tritici is a species of bacteria first isolated from wheat rhizoplane.	Ochrobactrum tritici	species
taxon rank	Cordulegaster princeps is a species of dragonfly in the family Cordulegastridae.	Cordulegaster princeps	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum apiculatum is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name San Jacinto buckwheat.	Eriogonum apiculatum	species
taxon rank	Ploiariolini is a tribe of thread-legged bugs, comprising 16 genera and 142 described species.	Ploiariolini	tribe
taxon rank	Polyonax (meaning ``master over many'') was a genus of ceratopsid dinosaur from the late Maastrichtian-age Upper Cretaceous Denver Formation of Colorado, USA.	Polyonax	genus
taxon rank	Acer heldreichii, common names Heldreich's maple, Greek maple, and Balkan maple is a European species of maple.	Acer heldreichii	species
taxon rank	Novosphingobium is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria that includes N. taihuense, which can degrade aromatic compounds such as phenol, aniline, nitrobenzene and phenanthrene.	Novosphingobium	genus
taxon rank	Vanda denisoniana is a species of orchid found from China (Yunnan) to northern Indochina.	Vanda denisoniana	species
taxon rank	Lactarius fumosus, commonly known as the smoky milkcap, is a species of fungus in the Russulaceae family.	Lactarius fumosus	species
taxon rank	Mepraia is a genus in the subfamily Triatominae, endemic of Chile, and vector of Chagas disease.	Mepraia	genus
taxon rank	Downingia pusilla is a species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name dwarf calicoflower.	Downingia pusilla	species
taxon rank	Palaeocuma hessi is an extinct species of cumacean, the only species in the genus Palaeocuma, and one of very few fossil cumaceans ever discovered.	Palaeocuma	genus
taxon rank	Paratriaenops furculus, also known as Trouessart's trident bat, is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae.	Paratriaenops furculus	species
taxon rank	Hudsonia ericoides is a species of flowering plant in the rock-rose family known by the common names pine barren goldenheather, false heather, and golden-heather.	Hudsonia ericoides	species
taxon rank	Achaeopsis spinulosa, the hotlips spider crab, is a species of crab in the family Inachidae, found only around the South African coast.	Achaeopsis	species
taxon rank	Pseudosphromenus cupanus, also known as the spiketail parasidefish is a species of medium-small gouramies native to southern India and Sri Lanka.	Pseudosphromenus cupanus	species
taxon rank	The Buffoon lemniscomys or Buffoon striped grass mouse (Lemniscomys macculus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Buffoon striped grass mouse	species
taxon rank	Proscelotes arnoldi, commonly known as Arnold's skink or Arnold's montane skink, is a species of lizard endemic to Africa.	Proscelotes arnoldi	species
taxon rank	Desulfuromusa ferrireducens is a species of psychrophilic, Fe(III)-reducing bacteria.	Desulfuromusa ferrireducens	species
taxon rank	Sticharium clarkae, the Dusky crawler, is a species of clinid native to the coast of southern Australia where it prefers living around coastal outcrops in which it can find partially sheltered sandy bays.	Sticharium clarkae	species
taxon rank	Raorchestes manohari is a species of frog of the genus Raorchestes found in Bonacaud in the Western Ghats of Kerala in India.	Raorchestes manohari	species
taxon rank	Neomyia cornicina is a common species of fly which is distributed across many parts the Palaearctic.	Neomyia cornicina	species
taxon rank	Only a single species, Philotrox condoni, is recognized.	Philotrox	species
taxon rank	Anomaloglossus rufulus (common names: Sira poison frog, Chimantá poison frog, tepui poison frog) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family.	Anomaloglossus rufulus	species
taxon rank	Tribosphenida is a group (infralegion) of mammals that includes the ancestor of Hypomylos, Necrolestidae, Aegialodontia and Theria (the last common ancestor of marsupials and placentals plus all of its descendants).	Tribosphenida	infralegion
taxon rank	Struszia mccartneyi is a species of trilobite named after British musician Paul McCartney.	Struszia mccartneyi	species
taxon rank	Bellacartwrightia is a relatively uncommon genus of Phacopid trilobite, found in the mid-Devonian Hamilton Group of New York state, mainly in strata exposed near Lake Erie just west of Buffalo.	Bellacartwrightia	genus
taxon rank	Luzula nivalis, commonly known as arctic wood-rush or less commonly as snowy wood-rush (both names are used with or without hyphenation), is a species of perennial rushes endemic to Canada, Greenland, Alaska, and Northern Europe in Scandinavia.	Luzula nivalis	species
taxon rank	Ochradenus socotranus is a species of plant in the Resedaceae family.	Ochradenus socotranus	species
taxon rank	David's echymipera (Echymipera davidi), or David's spiny bandicoot, is a species of marsupial in the family Peramelidae.	David's echymipera	species
taxon rank	Sepiidae is a family of cephalopods in the order Sepiida.	Sepiidae	family
taxon rank	Nanorana minica (common names: Nepal paa frog, tiny frog, small paa frog) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family.	Nanorana minica	species
taxon rank	Cryptanthus beuckeri is a species in the genus Cryptanthus.	Cryptanthus beuckeri	species
taxon rank	Atelais illaesa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Atelais.	Atelais illaesa	species
taxon rank	Tephrosia apollinea is a legume species, native to southwest Asia (the Levant, Arabia, Socotra, Iran, Pakistan, northwestern India) and northeast Africa (Egypt, Sudan, Ethiopia, Eritrea, Djibouti, Somalia).	Tephrosia apollinea	species
taxon rank	Selatosomus aeneus is a species of click beetle found in Europe.	Selatosomus aeneus	species
taxon rank	The São Tomé fiscal or Newton's fiscal (Lanius newtoni) is a species of bird in the Laniidae family.	São Tomé fiscal	species
taxon rank	Inocybe tahquamenonensis is a species of agaric fungus in the family Inocybaceae.	Inocybe tahquamenonensis	species
taxon rank	The Argentine cougar, commonly known as puma (Puma concolor cabrerae) is a subspecies of cougar native to western and central Argentina.	Argentine cougar	subspecies
taxon rank	Lactarius affinis, commonly known as the kindred milk cap, is a species of milk-cap mushroom in the family Russulaceae.	Lactarius affinis	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Sewardiella tuberifera, which is endemic to India.	Sewardiella	species
taxon rank	Sidalcea reptans is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common name Sierra checkerbloom.	Sidalcea reptans	species
taxon rank	Tropheops microstoma is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it prefers sheltered bays with calm waters.	Tropheops microstoma	species
taxon rank	Gastromyzon is a genus of gastromyzontid loaches native to Borneo.	Gastromyzon	genus
taxon rank	Montipora digitata, also known as finger coral, is a species of stony coral.	Montipora digitata	species
taxon rank	Rhizochromulina is an unusual genus of marine heterokont algae, with one species, R. marina.	Rhizochromulina	genus
taxon rank	Saccodon is a genus of scrapetooths found in the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena region from Panama to northwestern Peru.	Saccodon	genus
taxon rank	Orchis punctulata, the small-dotted Orchis, is a species of orchid.	Orchis punctulata	species
taxon rank	Karsten totoyensis is a species of goby native to the western Pacific Ocean where it has been recorded from the Philippines, Fiji and Indonesia.	Karsten totoyensis	species
taxon rank	Proxiphocentron is a genus of caddisflies.	Proxiphocentron	genus
taxon rank	Falsoropicoides laosensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Falsoropicoides.	Falsoropicoides laosensis	species
taxon rank	Abelmoschus ficulneus is a species of flowering plant in the genus Abelmoschus, family Malvaceae.	Abelmoschus ficulneus	species
taxon rank	Hoplitosaurus (meaning ``Hoplite lizard'') was a genus of armored dinosaur related to Polacanthus.	Hoplitosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Carabus perrini is a species of beetle from Carabidae family, that can be found in South Russia, Ukraine, and Georgia.	Carabus perrini	species
taxon rank	The Martinique oriole (Icterus bonana) is a species of bird in the family Icteridae.	Martinique oriole	species
taxon rank	Kaloula indochinensis is a recently described species of frog in the Microhylidae family that is found in Indochina, in southern Vietnam, eastern Cambodia, and southern to central Laos.	Kaloula indochinensis	species
taxon rank	Theodoxus meridionalis is a species of freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum.	Theodoxus meridionalis	species
taxon rank	Crataegus biltmoreana is a species of hawthorn native to the Southeastern U.S. It is one of many hawthorn species named by Chauncey Delos Beadle when he worked at the Biltmore Estate.	Crataegus biltmoreana	species
taxon rank	Aclistomycter is an extinct genus of oreodont during the early Chadronian subepoch (42--39.9 mya) existing for approximately 2.1 million years.	Aclistomycter	genus
taxon rank	Stromboscerus is a genus of the weevil subfamily Dryophthorinae.	Stromboscerus	genus
taxon rank	Salix laevigata (red willow or polished willow), is a species of willow native to the southwestern United States and northern Baja California.	Salix laevigata	species
taxon rank	Ophiactis is a genus of brittle stars (Ophiuroidea).	Ophiactis	genus
taxon rank	Pleuromeris tridentata, or the three-toothed cardita, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Carditidae.	Pleuromeris tridentata	species
taxon rank	Stygoparnus is a monotypic genus of beetles containing the single species Stygoparnus comalensis, which is known by the common name Comal Springs dryopid beetle.	Stygoparnus	species
taxon rank	Amphisbaena xera, known commonly as the Puerto Rican dryland worm lizard or the North American worm lizard, is a worm lizard species in the genus Amphisbaena.	Amphisbaena xera	species
taxon rank	Charpentiera obovata, known as Pāpala, is a species of flowering shrub or small tree in the pigweed family, Amaranthaceae, that is endemic to Hawaiʻi.	Charpentiera obovata	species
taxon rank	Isisaurus (named after the Indian Statistical Institute) is a genus of dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous Period.	Isisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Plexauridae is a family of marine colonial octocorals in the phylum Cnidaria.	Plexauridae	family
taxon rank	Bithyniidae is a family of small freshwater snails with an operculum, aquatic gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha.	Bithyniidae	family
taxon rank	Cranopsis major, common name the large puncturella, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets and slit limpets.	Cranopsis major	species
taxon rank	Pseudoxyops is a genus consisting of 5 species of mantises in the subfamily Stagmatopterinae.	Pseudoxyops	genus
taxon rank	Sicyopus is a genus of small gobies.	Sicyopus	genus
taxon rank	The family Saturniidae, commonly known as saturniids, by most measures include the largest species of moths.	Saturniidae	family
taxon rank	Confuciusornis is a genus of primitive crow-sized birds from the Early Cretaceous Yixian and Jiufotang Formations of China, dating from 125 to 120 million years ago.	Confuciusornis	genus
taxon rank	Bathypolypus is a genus of octopuses in the family Octopodidae.	Bathypolypus	genus
taxon rank	Hexamita is a genus of parasitic diplomonads.	Hexamita	genus
taxon rank	Allium nathaliae is a species of wild onion endemic to the Crimean Peninsula.	Allium nathaliae	species
taxon rank	Drepanoidea is the superfamily of ``hook tip moths''.	Drepanoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Only a single species, Palaeochenoides mioceanus, is known to date.	Palaeochenoides	species
taxon rank	Leptothorax duloticus is a species of especially hostile slave-maker ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.	Leptothorax duloticus	species
taxon rank	Megachile melanophaea is a species of leaf-cutter bee in the family Megachilidae.	Megachile melanophaea	species
taxon rank	Kyllinga nemoralis, white water sedge or whitehead spikesedge, is a plant species in the Cyperaceae family.	Kyllinga nemoralis	species
taxon rank	Large-tooth flounders or sand flounders are a family, Paralichthyidae, of flounders.	Paralichthyidae	family
taxon rank	Bhutanthera is a genus of terrestrial orchids native to the Himalaya Mountains of Asia.	Bhutanthera	genus
taxon rank	Zodarion timidum is a spider species found in Spain and France.	Zodarion timidum	species
taxon rank	Paradiscopus maculatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paradiscopus.	Paradiscopus maculatus	species
taxon rank	Leptospermum myrsinoides, commonly known as silky tea-tree or heath tea-tree, is a shrub species that is endemic to south-eastern Australia.	Leptospermum myrsinoides	species
taxon rank	Geum rossii is a species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common names Ross' avens and alpine avens.	Geum rossii	species
taxon rank	Chrysiptera taupou, known commonly as the southseas devil, southseas demoiselle, and Fiji damsel, is a species of damselfish.	Chrysiptera taupou	species
taxon rank	Prepusa miranda is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Prepusa.	Prepusa miranda	species
taxon rank	Kinyongia matschiei, common name giant monkey-tailed east Usambara two-horned chameleon, giant east Usambara blade-horned chameleon, and Matschie's two-horned chamaeleon, is a species of chameleon.	Kinyongia matschiei	species
taxon rank	Cataulacus taprobanae is a species of ant of the subfamily Myrmicinae.	Cataulacus taprobanae	species
taxon rank	Cowiedesmus is an extinct millipede genus known from the middle Silurian of Scotland, and is one of the earliest known land animals.	Cowiedesmus	genus
taxon rank	Orthosuchus is an extinct genus of protosuchian crocodyliform that lived during the Early Jurassic.	Orthosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Cecilioides is a genus of very small, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Ferussaciidae.	Cecilioides	genus
taxon rank	Dicynodontoidea is a superfamily of dicynodont therapsids that includes Lystrosauridae and Kannemeyeriiformes.	Dicynodontoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Arizona elegans arenicola, commonly known as the Texas glossy snake, is a subspecies of glossy snake, a nonvenomous colubrid snake endemic to North America.	Arizona elegans arenicola	subspecies
taxon rank	Acidiplasma is a genus in the phylum Euryarchaeota (Archaea).	Acidiplasma	genus
taxon rank	Celmisia pugioniformis, commonly known as Slender Snow-daisy, is a species of perennial herb in the family Asteraceae.	Celmisia pugioniformis	species
taxon rank	Conus lynceus, common name the lynceus cone, is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.	Conus lynceus	species
taxon rank	The genus is monotypic, containing the single species Phleogena faginea, widespread in north temperate areas.	Phleogena	species
taxon rank	Phyllostegia renovans is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name red-leaf phyllostegia.	Phyllostegia renovans	species
taxon rank	Branchiostegus is a genus of tilefishes found in the eastern Atlantic Ocean through the Indian Ocean to the western Pacific Ocean.	Branchiostegus	genus
taxon rank	Rhagoletis is a genus of tephritid fruit flies with about hundred species.	Rhagoletis	genus
taxon rank	Sicyonia is a genus of prawns, placed in its own family, Sicyoniidae.	Sicyonia	genus
taxon rank	Eutropis bibronii is a species of skink endemic to India and Sri Lanka.	Eutropis bibronii	species
taxon rank	Solenostemon, commonly known as Coleus is a genus of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae.	Solenostemon	genus
taxon rank	Ctenophorus maculosus, commonly known as the Lake Eyre dragon lizard or salt-lake ground-dragon, is a species of agamid lizard endemic to South Australia.	Ctenophorus maculosus	species
taxon rank	Pterarene sakashitai is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk, in the family Liotiidae.	Pterarene sakashitai	species
taxon rank	Magnetospirillum is a Gram-negative, microaerophilic genus of magnetotactic bacterium, first isolated from pond water by the microbiologist R. P. Blakemore in 1975.	Magnetospirillum	genus
taxon rank	Howella is a genus of fish in the family Howellidae, the oceanic basslets.	Howella	genus
taxon rank	Bulbophyllum flabellum-veneris, often listed as B. lepidum is a species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum, with the common name:	Bulbophyllum flabellum-veneris	species
taxon rank	Koopman's rat (Rattus koopmani) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Koopman's rat	species
taxon rank	Phenacobius mirabilis, or the suckermouth minnow, is a North American cyprinid fish, one of the 324 freshwater fish species found in Tennessee.	Phenacobius mirabilis	species
taxon rank	Chrysomela is a genus of leaf beetles found almost throughout the world, but missing from Australia.	Chrysomela	genus
taxon rank	Rhododendron concinnum (秀雅杜鹃) is a rhododendron species native to Guizhou, Henan, Hubei, Shaanxi, Sichuan, and Yunnan in China, where it grows at altitudes of 2300--3000 meters.	Rhododendron concinnum	species
taxon rank	Parapsettus panamensis, the Panama spadefish, is a species of spadefish native to the Pacific coast of the Americas from the Gulf of California to Peru.	Parapsettus panamensis	species
taxon rank	Diplognatha gagates is a species of beetle belonging to the family Scarabaeidae, Cetoniinae subfamily.	Diplognatha gagates	species
taxon rank	Syncope jimi is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.It is endemic to Brazil and known from Humaitá, Amazonas, its type locality in Amazonas and from the Pará state.	Syncope jimi	species
taxon rank	Truncatella caribaeensis is a species of very small somewhat amphibious land snail with a gill and an operculum, a semi-terrestrial gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Truncatellidae, the truncatella snails or looping snails.	Truncatella caribaeensis	species
taxon rank	Baryglossa histrio is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Baryglossa of the family Tephritidae.	Baryglossa histrio	species
taxon rank	Dorstenia caimitensis is a species of herb in the plant family Moraceae which is native to Haiti.	Dorstenia caimitensis	species
taxon rank	Cryptantha intermedia is a species of wildflower in the borage family known by several common names, including common cryptantha, Clearwater cryptantha, and nievitas.	Cryptantha intermedia	species
taxon rank	Abronia mellifera is a species of sand verbena known by the common name white sand verbena.	Abronia mellifera	species
taxon rank	Buddleja × weyeriana is one of the more remarkable buddleja hybrids, the first crossing of an Asiatic species (B. davidii) with a South American (B. globosa).	Buddleja × weyeriana	species
taxon rank	Pseudopezicula tracheiphila is a species of fungus in the family Helotiaceae that is found in Europe.	Pseudopezicula tracheiphila	species
taxon rank	The genus Plecotus consists of the long-eared bats.	Plecotus	genus
taxon rank	The Odacidae are a small family of fishes in the order Perciformes, commonly known as cales, and weed whitings.	Odacidae	family
taxon rank	Formotosena is a genus of cicadas from Southeast Asia erected by Kato in 1925 to accommodate the species Formotosena seebohmi which was previously placed in the genus Tosena.	Formotosena	genus
taxon rank	Richtersius coronifer is a species of tardigrade of the family Macrobiotidae.	Richtersius coronifer	species
taxon rank	Chalceus is a genus of characins from South America, from the Orinoco and Amazon Basins, as well as rivers in the Guianas.	Chalceus	genus
taxon rank	Ctenosaura melanosterna, commonly known as the black-chested spiny-tailed iguana, is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family.	Ctenosaura melanosterna	species
taxon rank	Aeneator attenuatus is a species of sea snail or whelk, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.	Aeneator attenuatus	species
taxon rank	Loudetiopsis is a genus of African and South American plants in the grass family.	Loudetiopsis	genus
taxon rank	Avian sarcoma leukosis virus (ASLV) is an endogenous retrovirus that infects and can lead to cancer in chickens; experimentally it can infect other species of birds and mammals.	Avian sarcoma leukosis virus	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Pleophragmia leporum.	Pleophragmia	species
taxon rank	Acaena minor is a species of flowering plant whose range is confined to Australia's subantarctic Macquarie Island and to New Zealand's Campbell and Auckland Islands in the Southern Ocean.	Acaena minor	species
taxon rank	Anisopodus curvilineatus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that was described by White in 1855.	Anisopodus curvilineatus	species
taxon rank	Gonolobus arizonicus, common name Arizona milkvine, is a species of plant in the Apocynaceae family.	Gonolobus arizonicus	species
taxon rank	Araneus is a genus of common orb-weaving spiders.	Araneus	genus
taxon rank	Cyperus trachysanthos is a rare species of sedge known by the common names pu`uka`a and sticky flatsedge.	Cyperus trachysanthos	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Trichearias nigella, which is found in Ecuador.	Trichearias	species
taxon rank	The Chiroteuthidae are a family of deep-sea squid, generally small to medium in size, rather soft and gelatinous, and slow moving.	Chiroteuthidae	family
taxon rank	Cryptocoryne mekongensis is a species belonging to the Aroid genus Cryptocoryne that was described in 2010.	Cryptocoryne mekongensis	species
taxon rank	The lightning whelk, scientific name Sinistrofulgur perversum, is an edible species of very large predatory sea snail or whelk, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Busyconidae, the busycon whelks.	Sinistrofulgur perversum	species
taxon rank	Aphaniotis is a genus of agamid lizards from Southeast Asia.	Aphaniotis	genus
taxon rank	Rubus tholiformisis a rare North American species of flowering plant in the rose family.	Rubus tholiformis	species
taxon rank	Elrathia is a genus of ptychopariid trilobite species that lived during the Middle Cambrian of Utah, and possibly British Columbia.	Elrathia	genus
taxon rank	Bombus muscorum, commonly known as the large carder bee or moss carder bee, is a species of bumblebee in the family Apidae.	Bombus muscorum	species
taxon rank	Odontostilbe is a genus of characins from tropical Central and South America, with 17 currently recognized species:	Odontostilbe	genus
taxon rank	Chrysanthemums (/krɪˈsænθəməm/), sometimes called mums or chrysanths, are flowering plants of the genus Chrysanthemum in the family Asteraceae.	Chrysanthemum	genus
taxon rank	Oligodon deuvei is a species of colubrid snake.	Oligodon deuvei	species
taxon rank	Hemiculterella is a genus of cyprinid fish that occurs in eastern Asia.	Hemiculterella	genus
taxon rank	Thaumastus crenellus is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail, a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Megaspiridae.	Thaumastus crenellus	species
taxon rank	Ophioblennius steindachneri, the Large-banded blenny or the Panamic fanged blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the eastern Pacific ocean.	Ophioblennius steindachneri	species
taxon rank	Sphagnum magellanicum, commonly called Magellanic bogmoss, Magellan's sphagnum, Magellan's peatmoss or midway peat moss, is a widespread species of moss found in wet places throughout boreal forests of North America, South America and Eurasia.	Sphagnum magellanicum	species
taxon rank	Pilularia globulifera, or pillwort, is an unusual species of fern native to western Europe, where it grows at edges of lakes, ponds, ditches and marshes, on wet clay or clay-sand soil, sometimes in water up to 30 cm (12 in) deep.	Pilularia globulifera	species
taxon rank	Vaccinium oxycoccos is a species of flowering plant in the heath family.	Vaccinium oxycoccos	species
taxon rank	Oldfieldthomasiidae is an extinct family of notoungulate mammals known from the Paleocene and Eocene of South America.	Oldfieldthomasiidae	family
taxon rank	Euhelopodidae is a family of sauropod dinosaurs which includes the genus Euhelopus.	Euhelopodidae	family
taxon rank	Puya raimondii, also known as queen of the Andes (english), titanka (quechua) or puya de Raimondi (spanish), is the largest species of bromeliad.	Puya raimondii	species
taxon rank	Eucheuma denticulatum is a species of red algae and one of the primary sources of iota carrageenan.	Eucheuma denticulatum	species
taxon rank	Larimichthys crocea, called the large yellow croaker, the yellow croaker or the croceine croaker, is a species of marine fish in the Sciaenidae family (croakers) native to the northwestern Pacific, generally in temperate waters such as the Taiwan Strait.	Larimichthys crocea	species
taxon rank	Acer republicense is an extinct maple species in the family Sapindaceae described from a single fossil samara.	Acer republicense	species
taxon rank	Nebria composita is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Qinghai and Tibet provinces of China.	Nebria composita	species
taxon rank	Euphorbia origanoides (also called Ascension Spurge) is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family.	Euphorbia origanoides	species
taxon rank	Arcobacter cloacae is a species of bacteria first isolated from sewage.	Arcobacter cloacae	species
taxon rank	The Lactobacillaceae are a family of lactic acid bacteria.	Lactobacillaceae	family
taxon rank	Allepipona is an african genus of potter wasps.	Allepipona	genus
taxon rank	Microlophus koepckeorum, commonly known as Frost's iguana, is a species of lava lizard, which is endemic to Peru.	Microlophus koepckeorum	species
taxon rank	album - most of the range of the species Galium album subsp.	Galium album	species
taxon rank	Argyresthia curvella is a species of ermine moth (family Yponomeutidae).	Argyresthia curvella	species
taxon rank	Kadua degeneri (formerly Hedyotis degeneri) is a rare species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common names Waianae Range starviolet and Degener's bluet.	Kadua degeneri	species
taxon rank	The Natuna Island surili (Presbytis natunae) is a species of primate in the family Cercopithecidae.	Natuna Island surili	species
taxon rank	Amentotaxus assamica is a species of conifer in the Taxaceae family.	Amentotaxus assamica	species
taxon rank	Brachiaria mutica is a species of grass known by the common names para grass, buffalo grass, Mauritius signal grass, pasto pare, malojilla, gramalote, parana, Carib grass, and Scotch grass.	Brachiaria mutica	species
taxon rank	Shanyangosaurus is a genus of theropod dinosaur found in Shaanxi, China, and known only from a few fragmentary leg bones.	Shanyangosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Amoria exoptanda, common name the desirable volute, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae, the volutes.	Amoria exoptanda	species
taxon rank	Leptobarbus melanotaenia is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Leptobarbus from freshwater habitats in Southeast Asia.	Leptobarbus melanotaenia	species
taxon rank	Chascolytrum is a genus of plants in the grass family, native to Latin America from Mexico to Chile (including the Juan Fernández Islands).	Chascolytrum	genus
taxon rank	Anthidium is a genus of bees often called mason or potter bees, who use conifer resin, plant hairs, mud, or a mix of them to build nests.	Anthidium	genus
taxon rank	Galium concinnum, the shining bedstraw, is a plant species in the Rubiaceae.	Galium concinnum	species
taxon rank	Hechtia texensis, commonly known as Texas false agave, is a species of bromeliad that is native to the Trans-Pecos of Texas in the United States and northeastern Mexico (Chihuahua, Coahuila, Zacatecas).	Hechtia texensis	species
taxon rank	Pediococcus acidilactici is a species of Gram-positive cocci that is often found in pairs or tetrads.	Pediococcus acidilactici	species
taxon rank	Amblyeleotris marquesas is a species of goby only recorded from reefs around Nuku Hiva in the Marquesas Islands, French Polynesia in the central Pacific Ocean at depths of 20 to 25 metres (66 to 82 ft).	Amblyeleotris marquesas	species
taxon rank	Calotriton, or the European brook newts, is a genus of newts native to the Pyrenees and central Catalonia (Catalan Pre-coastal Range).	Calotriton	genus
taxon rank	Antricola is a genus of tick containing 16 species, including:	Antricola	genus
taxon rank	Descurainia pinnata is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name western tansymustard.	Descurainia pinnata	species
taxon rank	The Rennell fantail (Rhipidura rennelliana) is a species of bird in the Rhipiduridae family.	Rennell fantail	species
taxon rank	Guzmania monostachia is an epiphytic species in the genus Guzmania.	Guzmania monostachia	species
taxon rank	Rubus schmidelioides, commonly called bush lawyer, is a climbing plant species from New Zealand.	Rubus schmidelioides	species
taxon rank	Amsonia kearneyana is a rare species of flowering plant in the dogbane family known by the common name Kearney's bluestar.	Amsonia kearneyana	species
taxon rank	Adenostoma is a genus of shrubs containing only two species:	Adenostoma	genus
taxon rank	Cacatua is a genus of cockatoos found from the Philippines and Wallacea east to the Solomon Islands and south to Australia.	Cacatua	genus
taxon rank	Filistata is a genus of spiders that occurs mainly in Eurasia up to North Africa and the Canary Islands, with one species found in Mexico.	Filistata	genus
taxon rank	Enosmaeus cubanus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Enosmaeus.	Enosmaeus	genus
taxon rank	Pseudognaphalium californicum (syn. Gnaphalium californicum) is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by several common names, including ladies' tobacco, California rabbit tobacco, California cudweed, and California everlasting.	Pseudognaphalium californicum	species
taxon rank	The type species, Fukuisaurus tetoriensis, was described in 2003 by Yoshitsugu Kobayashi and Yoichi Azuma.	Fukuisaurus	species
taxon rank	Callochiton crocinus is a species of chiton or ``sea cradle'' in the family Callochitonidae.	Callochiton crocinus	species
taxon rank	Black-Sea pelagic pipefish, Syngnathus schmidti is a pipefish species that inhabits the Black Sea and Sea of Azov.	Black-Sea pelagic pipefish	species
taxon rank	Delphinium staphisagria is a species of Delphinium, or larkspur, of the family Ranunculaceae.	Delphinium staphisagria	species
taxon rank	Alomiella is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family, Asteraceae, described as a genus in 1972.	Alomiella	genus
taxon rank	Sitalcicus incertus is a species of harvestmen in the family Podoctidae.	Sitalcicus incertus	species
taxon rank	Hapaloptyx difficilis is a species of squat lobster in a monotypic genus in the family Chirostylidae.	Hapaloptyx	species
taxon rank	Acropora pulchra is a species of colonial stagshorn coral in the family Acroporidae.	Acropora pulchra	species
taxon rank	Cardiaspina is a bug genus in the subfamily Spondyliaspidinae.	Cardiaspina	genus
taxon rank	Bulbinella is a genus of plant in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae, first described as a genus in 1843.	Bulbinella	genus
taxon rank	Aframomum corrorima is a species in the ginger family, Zingiberaceae.	Aframomum corrorima	species
taxon rank	Acromantis dyaka is a species of praying mantis native to in Borneo.	Acromantis dyaka	species
taxon rank	Stigmellites is a genus of Lepidopteran fossils.	Stigmellites	genus
taxon rank	Cobosietta inermis is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Cobosietta.	Cobosietta	genus
taxon rank	Coloradia is a genus of moths of the family Saturniidae.	Coloradia	genus
taxon rank	Hypsideroides junodi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Hypsideroides.	Hypsideroides junodi	species
taxon rank	Hirculops cornifer, the highbrow rockskipper, is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Indian ocean.	Hirculops cornifer	species
taxon rank	Catoxophylla cyanaugus is a moth in the Cossidae family, and the only species in the genus Catoxophylla.	Catoxophylla cyanaugus	species
taxon rank	Ochridaspongia is genus of two species of sponges:	Ochridaspongia	genus
taxon rank	Adelophryne (common name: shield frogs) is a genus of frogs in the family Eleutherodactylidae.	Adelophryne	genus
taxon rank	Streptomyces fumanus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from alluvial soil.	Streptomyces fumanus	species
taxon rank	Psocetae is an infraorder of Psocoptera.	Psocetae	infraorder
taxon rank	Blattisocius quadridentatus is a species of mites in the family Blattisociidae.	Blattisocius quadridentatus	species
taxon rank	Sparisoma is a genus of parrotfishes native to warmer parts of the Atlantic.	Sparisoma	genus
taxon rank	Allopetrolisthes is a genus of porcelain crabs, comprising three species:	Allopetrolisthes	genus
taxon rank	Agrostis microphylla is a species of grass known by the common name small-leaf bentgrass.	Agrostis microphylla	species
taxon rank	Leptophaula femoralis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Leptophaula.	Leptophaula femoralis	species
taxon rank	Eucryphia cordifolia (Ulmo) is a species of tree in the Cunoniaceae family.	Eucryphia cordifolia	species
taxon rank	Hieracium flagellare is a European plant species in the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family.	Hieracium flagellare	species
taxon rank	Clarkia epilobioides is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common name canyon clarkia.	Clarkia epilobioides	species
taxon rank	Nodosaurus (meaning ``knobbed lizard'') was a genus of herbivorous ankylosaurian dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous, the fossils of which are found in North America.	Nodosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Scoloparia is an extinct genus of procolophonid parareptile from the Late Triassic of Canada.	Scoloparia	genus
taxon rank	Monitor lizard is the common name of several large lizard species, comprising the genus Varanus.	Monitor lizard	genus
taxon rank	Psorophora ciliata is a large species of mosquito indigenous to the United States east of the continental divide.	Psorophora ciliata	species
taxon rank	Peltula is a genus of small dark brown to olive or dark gray squamulose lichens that can be saxicolous (grow on rock)) or terricolous (grow on soil).	Peltula	genus
taxon rank	Aristida californica is a species of grass known by the common names California threeawn and Mojave threeawn.	Aristida californica	species
taxon rank	Mystacocarida is a subclass of crustaceans, that form part of the meiobenthos.	Mystacocarida	subclass
taxon rank	Pseudobahia heermannii is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names foothill sunburst and brittlestem.	Pseudobahia heermannii	species
taxon rank	Cristatosybra jeanvoinei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Cristatosybra.	Cristatosybra jeanvoinei	species
taxon rank	Peltodytes is a genus of beetle native to the Nearctic, Europe, the Near East, and North Africa.	Peltodytes	genus
taxon rank	Grania is a genus of marine annelid worms in the class Clitellata.	Grania	genus
taxon rank	Hyantis consists of one species, Hyantis hodeva.	Hyantis	species
taxon rank	Saccoloma squamosum is a species of fern in the Saccolomataceae family.	Saccoloma squamosum	species
taxon rank	Conraua derooi is a species of frog in the Conrauidae family found in Ghana and Togo.	Conraua derooi	species
taxon rank	Heliamphora ceracea is a species of marsh pitcher plant known only from the Brazilian side of Pico da Neblina in the Neblina Massif.	Heliamphora ceracea	species
taxon rank	Ptychochromis ernestmagnusi is a species of fish cichlid only known from the Mananara du Nord River in northeastern Madagascar, but it is probably more widespread in that region.	Ptychochromis ernestmagnusi	species
taxon rank	Rhagoletis mendax is a species of tephritid fruit fly known by the common name blueberry maggot.	Rhagoletis mendax	species
taxon rank	Huebnerius dux is a species of moth of the Noctuidae family (owlet moths).	Huebnerius dux	species
taxon rank	Searsioides is a genus of tubeshoulders native to the western central Pacific Ocean.	Searsioides	genus
taxon rank	Coracistis erythrocosma is a moth in the Elachistidae family, and the only species in the genus Coracistis.	Coracistis erythrocosma	species
taxon rank	Auchenipterichthys coracoideus is a species of driftwood catfish endemic to Peru where it is found in the upper Amazon River basin.	Auchenipterichthys coracoideus	species
taxon rank	Icefishes or noodlefishes are a family, the Salangidae, of osmeriform fish, related to the smelts.	Salangidae	family
taxon rank	Cyathea colensoi, also known as the Creeping Tree Fern, Mountain Tree Fern and Golden Tree Fern, is a species of tree fern native to New Zealand, from the southern part of the North Island south to Stewart Island.	Cyathea colensoi	species
taxon rank	Jatropha gossypiifolia, commonly known as bellyache bush, black physicnut or cotton-leaf physicnut, is a species of flowering plant in the spurge family, Euphorbiaceae.	Jatropha gossypiifolia	species
taxon rank	Vernonia proctorii is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Proctor's ironweed.	Vernonia proctorii	species
taxon rank	Polylepis pauta is a species of plant in the Rosaceae family.	Polylepis pauta	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron calendulaceum, the flame azalea, is a species of Rhododendron native to the Appalachian Mountains in the eastern United States, ranging from southern New York to northern Georgia.	Rhododendron calendulaceum	species
taxon rank	Myotomys is a genus of African Karoo rats that inhabit the Karoo, a semi-desert region in the southern portion of the African continent.	Myotomys	genus
taxon rank	Erigeron pulcherrimus is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Basin fleabane.	Erigeron pulcherrimus	species
taxon rank	Pristipomoides is a genus of snappers native to the Atlantic, Indian and Pacific oceans.	Pristipomoides	genus
taxon rank	Burmannia capitata is a plant species widespread across the West Indies and much of Latin America.	Burmannia capitata	species
taxon rank	Bauhinia acuminata is a species of flowering shrub native to tropical southeastern Asia.	Bauhinia acuminata	species
taxon rank	Bats of the genus Pteropus, belonging to the megabat suborder, Megachiroptera, are the largest bats in the world.	Pteropus	genus
taxon rank	Gyrinichthys minytremus is a species of snailfish from the northeastern Pacific Ocean where a single specimen was found once at a depth of 640 metres (2,100 ft) near Unalaska island.	Gyrinichthys minytremus	species
taxon rank	Abies sachalinensis (Sakhalin fir) is a species of conifer in the family Pinaceae.	Abies sachalinensis	species
taxon rank	Fuscospora solandri, commonly called black beech (Māori: tawhai pango), is a species of southern beech, endemic to New Zealand.	Fuscospora solandri	species
taxon rank	Archaeolemur is an extinct genus of lemurs that includes two species, Archaeolemur edwardsi and A. majori.	Archaeolemur	genus
taxon rank	Dasymetopa quinquepunctata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Dasymetopa of the family Tephritidae.	Dasymetopa quinquepunctata	species
taxon rank	Gnaphosa stussineri is a ground spider species found in Greece.	Gnaphosa stussineri	species
taxon rank	It was described by N. V. Zelenkov and E. N. Kurochkin in 2010, and the type species is Lophogallus naranbulakensis.	Lophogallus	species
taxon rank	Pericopsis mooniana, the nandu wood or nedun tree, is a species of legume in the family Fabaceae.	Pericopsis mooniana	species
taxon rank	Muhlenbergia montana, with the common name Mountain muhly, is a species of grass.	Muhlenbergia montana	species
taxon rank	Oedilepia striginervella is a species of snout moth in the genus Oedilepia.	Oedilepia striginervella	species
taxon rank	Uraeginthus is a genus of bird in the Estrildidae family.	Uraeginthus	genus
taxon rank	Microcotyle is a genus which belongs to the phylum Platyhelminthes and class Monogenea.	Microcotyle	genus
taxon rank	Nebria spatulata is a species of brownish-black coloured ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to the US state of California.	Nebria spatulata	species
taxon rank	Riponnensia splendens is a small metallic species of hoverfly.	Riponnensia splendens	species
taxon rank	Fresnosaurus is an extinct genus of plesiosaur from the Late Cretaceous (Maastrichtian stage) of what is now California.	Fresnosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Lepidospartum squamatum is a species of flowering shrub in the daisy family known by the common names California broomsage and scale broom.	Lepidospartum squamatum	species
taxon rank	Discula tetrica is an extinct species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies.	Discula tetrica	species
taxon rank	Elosuchus is an extinct genus of neosuchian crocodyliform that lived during the Early Cretaceous of what is now North Africa (Morocco, Algeria and Niger).	Elosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Heliofungia actiniformis is a solitary species of mushroom coral, a large polyp stony coral in the family Fungiidae.	Heliofungia actiniformis	species
taxon rank	Freziera spathulifolia is a species of plant in the Pentaphylacaceae family.	Freziera spathulifolia	species
taxon rank	Phytocoris ulmi is a species of plant bugs belonging to the family Miridae, subfamily Mirinae.	Phytocoris ulmi	species
taxon rank	Ceriagrion cerinorubellum, commonly known as the orange-tailed marsh dart or bi-coloured damsel, is a medium-sized species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.	Ceriagrion cerinorubellum	species
taxon rank	Hololeion is a genus of East Asian flowering plants in the dandelion family.	Hololeion	genus
taxon rank	Coregonus baicalensis is a species of freshwater whitefish in the family Salmonidae.	Coregonus baicalensis	species
taxon rank	Phyllostegia warshaueri is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name Laupahoehoe phyllostegia.	Phyllostegia warshaueri	species
taxon rank	Lepidocephalichthys guntea, the Guntea loach, is a species of cobitid loach native to southern and southeastern Asia.	Lepidocephalichthys guntea	species
taxon rank	Enypniastes is a genus of deep-sea sea cucumber.	Enypniastes	genus
taxon rank	The Sumatran tiger (Panthera tigris sumatrae) is a rare tiger subspecies that inhabits the Indonesian island of Sumatra.	Sumatran tiger	subspecies
taxon rank	The type (and only known) species is Loncosaurus argentinus, described by the famous Argentinian paleontologist Florentino Ameghino, but is considered a dubious name.	Loncosaurus	species
taxon rank	Nepenthes glandulifera (/nɨˈpɛnθiːz ˌɡlændjuːˈlɪfɛrə/; from Latin: glandis = gland, ferre = to bear) is a species of pitcher plant endemic to the Hose Mountains of central Sarawak.	Nepenthes glandulifera	species
taxon rank	Eomola is an extinct genus of sunfish from the middle Eocene.	Eomola	genus
taxon rank	Syntripsa flavichela is a species of freshwater crab found in Sulawesi.	Syntripsa flavichela	species
taxon rank	Succinea putris is a species of small air-breathing land snail in the family Succineidae, the amber snails.	Succinea putris	species
taxon rank	Liparoceratidae is a family of eoderoceratacean ammonites from the Lower Jurassic that combines genera with a variety of forms including dimorphs that change from one form to another during ontogeny.	Liparoceratidae	family
taxon rank	Starksia atlantica, the smooth-eye blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the western central Atlantic Ocean and the Caribbean Sea where it inhabits coral reefs at depths of around 8 metres (26 ft).	Starksia atlantica	species
taxon rank	Rosa wichuraiana (syn. memorial rose, R. lucillae) is a species of rose.	Rosa wichuraiana	species
taxon rank	Herminium is a genus of plant in family Orchidaceae, widespread across much of Europe and Asia.	Herminium	genus
taxon rank	Gray's grasshopper warbler (Locustella fasciolata), also known as Gray's warbler, is a species of grass warbler in the family Locustellidae; it was formerly included in the ``Old World warbler'' assemblage.	Gray's grasshopper warbler	species
taxon rank	Megophrys montana (Asian horned frog, horned frog, Asian spadefoot toad, Javan horned frog, Malayan leaf frog) is a species of frog found in Java and possibly Sumatra.	Megophrys montana	species
taxon rank	Bulbophyllum abbrevilabium, also known as the Short Lipped Bulbophyllum, is a warm-growing species of orchid in the genus Bulbophyllum.	Bulbophyllum abbrevilabium	species
taxon rank	The Jalisco mud turtle (Kinosternon chimalhuaca) is a species of mud turtle in the Kinosternidae family endemic to Mexico.	Jalisco mud turtle	species
taxon rank	Philadelphus (/ˌfɪləˈdɛlfəs/) (mock-orange) is a genus of about 60 species of shrubs from 1 to 6 m tall, native to North America, Central America, Asia and (locally) in southeast Europe.	Philadelphus	genus
taxon rank	Arixenia esau is a species of earwig, one of three species in the genus Arixenia.	Arixenia esau	species
taxon rank	Renanthera monachica is a species of orchid endemic to the Philippines.	Renanthera monachica	species
taxon rank	Dendrorhynchoides was a genus of anurognathid pterosaur containing two species known from the Middle Jurassic Tiaojishan Formation of Qinglong, northern Hebei Province, China.	Dendrorhynchoides	genus
taxon rank	Tetrapturus is a genus of marlins found in tropical and subtropical oceans throughout the world.	Tetrapturus	genus
taxon rank	Anemarrhena asphodeloides is a plant species in family Asparagaceae, subfamily Agavoideae, native to China, Korea, and Mongolia.	Anemarrhena asphodeloides	species
taxon rank	Oxyptilus scutifer is a species of moth in the genus Oxyptilus, known from Costa Rica and Ecuador.	Oxyptilus scutifer	species
taxon rank	Alcides agathyrsus is a species of day-flying moth of the Uraniidae family.	Alcides agathyrsus	species
taxon rank	Mascelia ectophoea is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Mascelia.	Mascelia ectophoea	species
taxon rank	Anadoras grypus is a species of thorny catfish the upper Amazon basin of Ecuador and Peru.	Anadoras grypus	species
taxon rank	Thalassoma virens is a species of wrasse native to the reefs in waters around the Revillagigedo Islands (though during El Niño years, it has been recorded from Baja California).	Thalassoma virens	species
taxon rank	Anthrenus pimpinellae is a species of beetle found natively in ``Europe, northern Africa, Asia and portions of the Oriental region''; it has also been introduced to parts of North America.	Anthrenus pimpinellae	species
taxon rank	Rhamphochromis is a genus of cichlids endemic to Lake Malawi in East Africa.	Rhamphochromis	genus
taxon rank	Calathus metallicus is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that can be found in Albania, Bulgaria, Greece, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Ukraine, all states of former Yugoslavia (except Slovenia), and Near East.	Calathus metallicus	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Ormomyces clivinae.	Ormomyces	species
taxon rank	Viola striata is a species of violet known by the common names striped cream violet and creamy violet.	Viola striata	species
taxon rank	Parabrimidius ovalis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Parabrimidius.	Parabrimidius ovalis	species
taxon rank	Diloma subrostrata, common name the mudflat top shell, is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Diloma subrostrata	species
taxon rank	Barbus andrewi, the Cape whitefish or Berg-breede River whitefish, is a ray-finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae.	Barbus andrewi	species
taxon rank	Conus parius, common name the Parian cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus parius	species
taxon rank	Maxburretia is a genus of three rare species of palms found in southern Thailand and Peninsular Malaysia.	Maxburretia	genus
taxon rank	Chrysopsis linearifolia (narrowleaf goldenaster), is a North American species of flowering plant in the aster family.	Chrysopsis linearifolia	species
taxon rank	Brachinus pectoralis is a species of ground beetle in the Brachininae subfamily that is endemic to Crimea.	Brachinus pectoralis	species
taxon rank	Oxynoemacheilus leontinae is a species of stone loach found in Israel, Jordan, Lebanon, and Syria.	Oxynoemacheilus leontinae	species
taxon rank	Monetaria caputdraconis, common name the ``dragon's-head cowry'', is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Monetaria caputdraconis	species
taxon rank	Cistecephalus is an extinct genus of dicynodont therapsid from the Late Permian of South Africa.	Cistecephalus	genus
voice type	Anny Schlemm (born February 22, 1929 in Neu-Isenburg) is a German operatic soprano, and later mezzo-soprano.	Anny Schlemm	soprano
voice type	Mariska Aldrich (March 27, 1881 -- September 28, 1965) was an American dramatic soprano singer and actress.	Mariska Aldrich	soprano
voice type	Romain Bussine (1830--1899) was a French poet, baritone, and voice teacher who lived during the 19th century.	Romain Bussine	baritone
voice type	Corrado Miraglia (1821 -- 30 December 1881) was an Italian operatic tenor and in his later years a voice teacher and theatrical agent.	Corrado Miraglia	tenor
voice type	Ashley Riches is a British operatic baritone.	Ashley Riches	baritone
voice type	Martha Angelici (22 May 1907 -- 11 September 1973), was a French operatic soprano of Corsican origin, particularly associated with the French lyric repertoire.	Martha Angelici	soprano
voice type	Sonia Prina (born 30 November 1975) is an Italian operatic contralto who has had an active career in concerts and operas since the mid-1990s.	Sonia Prina	contralto
voice type	Céline Scheen (born 1976 in Verviers, Belgium) is a Belgian classical soprano.	Céline Scheen	soprano
voice type	Štefan Hoza (20 October 1906, Smižany--6 April 1982, Czechoslovakia) was a Slovak operatic tenor, actor, librettist, educator, music publicist, and historian.	Štefan Hoza	tenor
voice type	Enrico Di Giuseppe (October 14, 1932 -- December 31, 2005) was a celebrated American operatic tenor who had an active performance career from the late 1950s through the 1990s.	Enrico Di Giuseppe	tenor
voice type	Jongmin Park (born 1986) is a South Korean opera singer who has sung leading bass roles in the opera houses of Germany, Austria, and the United Kingdom.	Jongmin Park	bass
voice type	Anna Chandler (born July 4, 1884, New Cumberland, Pennsylvania - d. July 10, 1957, El Sereno, California) was an American vaudeville actress and mezzo soprano singer of popular and light classical songs.	Anna Chandler	mezzo soprano
voice type	Maroochy Barambah is an Australian Aboriginal mezzo-soprano singer.	Maroochy Barambah	mezzo-soprano
voice type	As a self-described ``split tenor'' (between an alto and a tenor), Pete Seeger was a founding member of two highly influential folk groups:	Pete Seeger	tenor
voice type	Cécile Simonnet (14 March 1865, Lille - ?,) was a French operatic soprano.	Cécile Simonnet	soprano
voice type	Riccardo Massi is an Italian operatic tenor who had performed at such Italian theatres as both the Giuseppe Verdi Theatre and La Scala.	Riccardo Massi	tenor
