author	Aliens Stole My Body is a children's science fiction novel by Bruce Coville that was first published in 1998.	Aliens Stole My Body	Bruce Coville
author	Little Fuzzy is the name of a 1962 science fiction novel by H. Beam Piper, and is now in public domain.	Little Fuzzy	H. Beam Piper
author	The Eiffel Tower and Other Mythologies is a collection of essays by the French literary theorist Roland Barthes.	The Eiffel Tower and Other Mythologies	Roland Barthes
author	The October Country is a 1955 collection of nineteen macabre short stories by Ray Bradbury.	The October Country	Ray Bradbury
author	``Thou Art the Man'', originally titled ``Thou Art the Man!'', is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe, first published in 1844.	Thou Art the Man	Edgar Allan Poe
author	Jumping the Scratch is a novel by Sarah Weeks written for young adults.	Jumping the Scratch	Sarah Weeks
author	The Dark Ascent is the third novel in Walter H. Hunt's Dark series, published in 2004.	The Dark Ascent	Walter H. Hunt
author	Trevayne is Robert Ludlum's fourth novel, published in 1973 under the pseudonym Jonathan Ryder.	Trevayne	Robert Ludlum
author	The Lost Lansdale Series is a series of four books by Joe R. Lansdale.	Lost Lansdale Series	Joe R. Lansdale
author	War and Peace in the Global Village by Marshall McLuhan and Quentin Fiore is a collage of images and text that illustrates the effects of electronic media and new technology on man.	War and Peace in the Global Village	Marshall McLuhan
author	O Presidente Negro ou O Choque das Raças (The Black President, or the Racial Shock) is a 1926 science fiction novel by the Brazilian writer Monteiro Lobato.	O Presidente Negro	Monteiro Lobato
author	Tales of Dunk and Egg is a series of fantasy novellas by George R. R. Martin, set in the world of his A Song of Ice and Fire novels.	Tales of Dunk and Egg	George R. R. Martin
author	The Way of All Flesh (1903) is a semi-autobiographical novel by Samuel Butler that attacks Victorian-era hypocrisy.	The Way of All Flesh	Samuel Butler
author	You Have to Be Careful in the Land of the Free is a novel by the Scottish writer James Kelman first published in 2004.	You Have to Be Careful in the Land of the Free	James Kelman
author	``Jabberwocky'' is a nonsense poem written by Lewis Carroll and included in his 1871 novel Through the Looking-Glass, and What Alice Found There, a sequel to Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.	Jabberwocky	Lewis Carroll
author	``The Munich Mannequins'' is a poem by Sylvia Plath which recounts Plath's experience of insomnia on a trip to the title German city.	The Munich Mannequins	Sylvia Plath
author	A True Novel is a novel published in Japan in 2002 by Minae Mizumura.	A True Novel	Minae Mizumura
author	Quest for a Throne (original title: Alla conquista di un impero) is an exotic adventure novel written by Italian author Emilio Salgari, published in 1907.	Quest for a Throne	Emilio Salgari
author	Anarchy, State, and Utopia is a 1974 book by the American political philosopher Robert Nozick.	Anarchy, State, and Utopia	Robert Nozick
author	Samson Agonistes (Greek for ``Samson the agonist'') is a tragic closet drama by John Milton.	Samson Agonistes	John Milton
author	A Death of Honor is a science fiction mystery novel by American author Joe Clifford Faust.	A Death of Honor	Joe Clifford Faust
author	Beowulf's Children is a science fiction novel written by Larry Niven, Jerry Pournelle and Steven Barnes.	Beowulf's Children	Larry Niven	Jerry Pournelle	Steven Barnes
author	The Donkey Rustlers is a 1968 novel for older children by Gerald Durrell, the well-known British writer and naturalist.	The Donkey Rustlers	Gerald Durrell
author	For the Living and the Dead (Swedish: För levande och döda) is a 1989 collection of poetry by the Swedish writer Tomas Tranströmer.	For the Living and the Dead	Tomas Tranströmer
author	Wild Flowers Worth Knowing is a book published in 1917 (and republished in 1922) as a result of an adaptation by Asa Don Dickinson of Neltje Blanchan's earlier work Nature's Garden (1900).	Wild Flowers Worth Knowing	Neltje Blanchan
author	At the end of Shadowmancer, the effects of Pyratheon's use of the Keruvim to distort time and reality is also the beginning of G. P. Taylor's follow-up novel, Wormwood.	Shadowmancer	G. P. Taylor
author	Mr American is a 1980 novel by George MacDonald Fraser who described it as longer and more ``conventional'' than his usual work.	Mr American	George MacDonald Fraser
author	``Out Where the West Begins'' is a poem written by Arthur Chapman and first published in his 1917 book of verse, Out Where the West Begins:	Out Where the West Begins	Arthur Chapman
author	A Stranger Is Watching (1977) is a suspense novel by Mary Higgins Clark.	A Stranger Is Watching	Mary Higgins Clark
author	The Borrowers Avenged is a children's fantasy novel by Mary Norton, published in 1982 by Viking Kestrel in the UK and Harcourt in the US.	The Borrowers Avenged	Mary Norton
author	The Winds of War is Herman Wouk's second book about World War II, the first being The Caine Mutiny (1951).	The Winds of War	Herman Wouk
author	England, England is a satirical postmodern novel by Julian Barnes, published and shortlisted for the Booker Prize in 1998.	England, England	Julian Barnes
author	Mrs. Bridge is the debut novel of American author Evan S. Connell, first published in 1959.	Mrs. Bridge	Evan S. Connell
author	Three to See the King, the third novel by Booker Prize-shortlisted author Magnus Mills, published in 2001, is part parable and part speculative fiction.	Three to See the King	Magnus Mills
author	Cocker's Decimal Arithmetick is a grammar school mathematics textbook written by Edward Cocker (1631--1676) and published posthumously by John Hawkins in 1684.	Cocker's Decimal Arithmetick	Edward Cocker
author	The Abstinence Teacher is a 2007 novel by American author Tom Perrotta.	The Abstinence Teacher	Tom Perrotta
author	Frank in the River is a 24-page comic story by Jim Woodring.	Frank in the River	Jim Woodring
author	Across a Billion Years is a 1969 science fiction novel by Robert Silverberg.	Across a Billion Years	Robert Silverberg
author	Strange People, Queer Notions is a 1958 novel by Jack Vance writing as John Holbrook Vance republished in the 2002 Vance Integral Edition (VIE).	Strange People, Queer Notions	Jack Vance
author	The Bridal Party is a short story written by F. Scott Fitzgerald featured in the Saturday Evening Post on August 9, 1930.	The Bridal Party	F. Scott Fitzgerald
author	Son of the Stars, written by Raymond F. Jones, is a science-fiction novel first published in the United States in 1952 by The John C. Winston Company.	Son of the Stars	Raymond F. Jones
author	The Claverings is a novel by Anthony Trollope, written in 1864 and published in 1866--67.	The Claverings	Anthony Trollope
author	``The Cinnamon Peeler'' is a critically acclaimed lyric poem by the Canadian writer Michael Ondaatje.	The Cinnamon Peeler	Michael Ondaatje
author	Red Orc's Rage (1991) is a recursive science fiction novel and part of the ``World of Tiers'' series of novels by Philip José Farmer.	Red Orc's Rage	Philip José Farmer
author	``The Reluctant Dragon'' is an 1898 children's story by Kenneth Grahame (originally published as a chapter in his book Dream Days), which served as the key element to the 1941 feature film with the same name, from Walt Disney Productions.	The Reluctant Dragon	Kenneth Grahame
author	``Feminine Intuition'' is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov, originally published in the October 1969 issue of The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction and collected in The Bicentennial Man and Other Stories (1976), The Complete Robot (1982), and Robot Visions (1990).	Feminine Intuition	Isaac Asimov
author	Od Magic is a 2005 fantasy novel by Patricia A. McKillip.	Od Magic	Patricia A. McKillip
author	``A Statue for Father'' is a humorous science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov.	A Statue for Father	Isaac Asimov
author	Rosmersholm (pronounced (ˈrɔ̞̈smɛ̝rs.ˌhɔ̞̈lm)) is a play written in 1886 by Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen.	Rosmersholm	Henrik Ibsen
author	Chocolate Fever is a juvenile fiction story that was authored by Robert Kimmel Smith.	Chocolate Fever	Robert Kimmel Smith
author	The Philosophy of Chance, with subtitle ``Literature in the Light of Empiricism'' (Polish: Filozofia przypadku. Literatura w świetle empirii) is a huge essay of Stanisław Lem on the literary theory and the influence of literature on the modern culture.	The Philosophy of Chance	Stanisław Lem
author	It's Like This, Cat is a novel written by Emily Cheney Neville that won the Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature in 1964.	It's Like This, Cat	Emily Cheney Neville
author	Stupid White Men ...and Other Sorry Excuses for the State of the Nation! is a book by Michael Moore published in 2001.	Stupid White Men	Michael Moore
author	Just Take My Heart is a romantic suspense novel by Mary Higgins Clark and her daughter, Carol.	Just Take My Heart	Mary Higgins Clark
author	Journey to the River Sea is an adventure novel for children written by Eva Ibbotson and published by MacMillan in 2001.	Journey to the River Sea	Eva Ibbotson
author	Autumn Street is a 1980 novel by two-time Newbery Award-winning author Lois Lowry.	Autumn Street	Lois Lowry
author	An Economic Theory of Democracy is a political science treatise written by Anthony Downs, published in 1957.	An Economic Theory of Democracy	Anthony Downs
author	The Princess Bride is a 1973 fantasy romance novel written by William Goldman.	The Princess Bride	William Goldman
author	Är du feg, Alfons Åberg? is a 1981 children's book by Gunilla Bergström.	Är du feg, Alfons Åberg?	Gunilla Bergström
author	Rizal Without the Overcoat is a book by Filipino writer Ambeth Ocampo, adapted from his ``Looking Back'' column in the Philippine Daily Globe from October 1987 to July 1990.	Rizal Without the Overcoat	Ambeth Ocampo
author	Superman for All Seasons was a 4-issue comic book limited series written by Jeph Loeb with art by Tim Sale, and was originally published by DC Comics in 1998.	Superman for All Seasons	Jeph Loeb
author	The Bible with Sources Revealed (2003) is a book by American biblical scholar Richard Elliott Friedman dealing with the process by which the five books of the Torah or Pentateuch (the ``Five Books of Moses'') came to be written.	The Bible with Sources Revealed	Richard Elliott Friedman
author	History of Mohammedanism is a work by Charles Mills.	History of Mohammedanism	Charles Mills
author	Maha Prasthanam is a Telugu-language anthology of poems written by noted literary writer Srirangam Srinivasarao.	Maha Prasthanam	Srirangam Srinivasarao
author	Rabelais and His World (Russian: Творчество Франсуа Рабле и народная культура средневековья и Ренессанса, Tvorčestvo Fransua Rable i narodnaja kul'tura srednevekov'ja i Renessansa; 1965) is a scholarly work which is considered one of Mikhail Bakhtin's most important texts and a now a classic of Renaissance studies.	Rabelais and His World	Mikhail Bakhtin
author	E supremi was a papal encyclical (On High) issued by Pope Pius X on October 4, 1903.	E supremi	Pius X
author	How to Suppress Women's Writing is a book by Joanna Russ, published in 1983.	How to Suppress Women's Writing	Joanna Russ
author	@earth is a 2011 book made by the London born (and based) photomontage artist Peter Kennard with Lebanese artist Tarek Salhany.	@earth	Peter Kennard
author	Emperor and Galilean (in Norwegian: Kejser og Galilæer) is a play written by Henrik Ibsen.	Emperor and Galilean	Henrik Ibsen
author	Mr. Shivers is a book by Robert Jackson Bennett published by Orbit Books in 2010.	Mr. Shivers	Robert Jackson Bennett
author	On Protracted War (simplified Chinese: 论持久战; traditional Chinese: 論持久戰) is a work comprising a series of speeches by Mao Zedong given from May 26 to June 3, 1938, at the Yenan Association for the Study of the War of Resistance Against Japan.	On Protracted War	Mao Zedong
author	Aunt Julia and the Scriptwriter (Spanish: La tía Julia y el escribidor) is the seventh novel by Nobel Prize-winning author Mario Vargas Llosa.	Aunt Julia and the Scriptwriter	Mario Vargas Llosa
author	Playing for Pizza is a short novel by John Grisham, released on September 25, 2007.	Playing for Pizza	John Grisham
author	The Green Mare (French: La Jument Verte) is a humorous novel by French writer Marcel Aymé first published by Gallimard in 1933.	The Green Mare	Marcel Aymé
author	See Jane Run is a 1991 novel by Joy Fielding in the thriller genre.	See Jane Run	Joy Fielding
author	The Women of the West is a poem by Australian poet George Essex Evans.	The Women of the West	George Essex Evans
author	Safe Area Goražde is a journalistic comic book about the Bosnian War, written by Joe Sacco.	Safe Area Goražde	Joe Sacco
author	Sixty Lights is a 2004 novel by Australian author Gail Jones.	Sixty Lights	Gail Jones
author	Isabella, Three Sailing Ships and a Con Man (Italian title: Isabella, tre caravelle e un cacciaballe) is a 1963 two-act play by Italian playwright Dario Fo, the recipient of the 1997 Nobel Prize in Literature.	Isabella, Three Sailing Ships and a Con Man	Dario Fo
author	In Defense of Reason is a collection of three volumes of literary criticisms by the American poet and literary critic Yvor Winters.	In Defense of Reason	Yvor Winters
author	Letters from a Peruvian Woman (French: Lettres d'une Péruvienne) is a 1747 epistolary novel by Françoise de Graffigny.	Letters from a Peruvian Woman	Françoise de Graffigny
author	Katërmbëdhjetë vjeç dhëndër (English: A Bridegroom at Fourteen) is an Albanian play by Andon Zako Çajupi.	A Bridegroom at Fourteen	Andon Zako Çajupi
author	Dear Zoe is an epistolary, young-adult novel by the American writer Philip Beard.	Dear Zoe	Philip Beard
author	The Book of Mirdad is an allegorical book of philosophy by Lebanese author Mikha'il Na'ima.	The Book of Mirdad	Mikha'il Na'ima
author	Flavours from Fjällbacka is a cookbook by author Camilla Läckberg and chef Christian Hellberg, who both grew up in Fjällbacka, a municipality in Sweden that provides the theme of the book.	Flavours from Fjällbacka	Camilla Läckberg
author	Going to Ground is the third book in the Shapeshifter series of young adult novels by Ali Sparkes.	Going to Ground	Ali Sparkes
author	``The Church in the Wildwood'' is a song that was written by Dr. William S. Pitts in 1857 following a coach ride that stopped in Bradford, Iowa.	The Church in the Wildwood	William S. Pitts
author	The Shepherd's Crown is a comic fantasy novel, the last book written by Terry Pratchett before his death in March 2015.	The Shepherd's Crown	Terry Pratchett
author	The Whalestoe Letters (2000) by cult author Mark Z. Danielewski is an epistolary novella which more fully develops the literary correspondence between Pelafina H. Lièvre and her son Johnny from 1982-1989, characters first introduced in Danielewski's prior work, House of Leaves.	The Whalestoe Letters	Mark Z. Danielewski
author	``The Little Movement'' is a short story by Philip K. Dick, first published in 1952 in The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction, and later in The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick.	The Little Movement	Philip K. Dick
author	Absolutely Normal Chaos is a children's or young-adult novel by Sharon Creech, published in the U.K. by Macmillan Children's Books in 1990.	Absolutely Normal Chaos	Sharon Creech
author	Jupiter Laughs is A. J. Cronin's 1940 play in three acts about a doctor and his love interest, who hopes to become a medical missionary.	Jupiter Laughs	A. J. Cronin
author	The Museum of Abandoned Secrets (Ukrainian: Музей покинутих секретів) is a 2009 novel written by Oksana Zabuzhko.	The Museum of Abandoned Secrets	Oksana Zabuzhko
author	Co-authored with Dick Schaap, Bo Knows Bo covers Bo Jackson's life from his childhood in Bessemer, Alabama to the peak of his athletic abilities in 1990.	Bo Knows Bo	Dick Schaap
author	Unmarked Graves is a horror novel written by Shaun Hutson.	Unmarked Graves	Shaun Hutson
author	The Lonely Crowd is a 1950 sociological analysis by David Riesman, Nathan Glazer, and Reuel Denney.	The Lonely Crowd	Nathan Glazer
author	Only Fade Away is a 1954 novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall.	Only Fade Away	Bruce Marshall
author	Life of Galileo (German: Leben des Galilei), also known as Galileo, is a play by the twentieth-century German dramatist Bertolt Brecht with incidental music by Hanns Eisler.	Life of Galileo	Bertolt Brecht
author	Stella Bain is an American novel by Anita Shreve, set in World War I.	Stella Bain	Anita Shreve
author	Prince Prigio is a literary and comic, fairy tale written by Andrew Lang in 1889, and illustrated by Gordon Browne.	Prince Prigio	Andrew Lang
author	Face Blind is a suspense novel penned by author Raymond Benson, published by Twenty First Century Publishers Ltd. in 2003.	Face Blind	Raymond Benson
author	Book of Longing is the first new poetry book by Leonard Cohen since 1984's Book of Mercy.	Book of Longing	Leonard Cohen
author	The Teenage Textbook, or, The melting of the ice cream girl is a novel by the Singaporean author Adrian Tan, first published by Hotspot Books in 1988.	The Teenage Textbook	Adrian Tan
author	The Outlaw of Torn is a historical novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs, originally published as a five-part serial in New Story Magazine from January to May 1914, and first published in book form by A. C. McClurg in 1927.	The Outlaw of Torn	Edgar Rice Burroughs
author	Tokyo Cancelled is Rana Dasgupta's debut novel, published in 2005, and revolves around thirteen different passengers stranded in an airport, each telling a separate tale to pass the time.	Tokyo Cancelled	Rana Dasgupta
author	Dead Girl Walking is the nineteenth novel written by Christopher Brookmyre, and the sixth featuring journalist Jack Parlabane, the writer's most used character.	Dead Girl Walking	Christopher Brookmyre
author	Genetics and the Origin of Species is a 1937 book by the Ukrainian-American evolutionary biologist Theodosius Dobzhansky.	Genetics and the Origin of Species	Theodosius Dobzhansky
author	A Man (1979) (Italian: Un Uomo) (Greek: Ένας Άνδρας, transliteration: Enas Andras) is a novel written by Oriana Fallaci chronicling her relationship with the attempted assassin of Greek dictator George Papadopoulos.	A Man	Oriana Fallaci
author	Chike and the River is a children's story by Chinua Achebe.	Chike and the River	Chinua Achebe
author	Earthly Powers is a panoramic saga of the 20th century by Anthony Burgess first published in 1980.	Earthly Powers	Anthony Burgess
author	Tales from Underwood is a collection of fantasy, horror and science fiction short stories by author David H. Keller.	Tales from Underwood	David H. Keller
author	Ma Rainey's Black Bottom is a 1982 play -- one of the ten-play Pittsburgh Cycle by August Wilson, a Pulitzer Prize-winning American playwright -- that chronicles the twentieth century African American experience.	Ma Rainey's Black Bottom	August Wilson
author	The Billion-Dollar Molecule is a book by journalist Barry Werth about the founding and early research efforts of the American biotechnology company Vertex Pharmaceuticals, which was founded in 1989 by Joshua Boger and was among the first biotechnology companies to adopt an explicit strategy of rational drug design as opposed to techniques based on combinatorial chemistry.	The Billion-Dollar Molecule	Barry Werth
author	Star Smashers of the Galaxy Rangers (1973) is a comic science fiction novel by Harry Harrison.	Star Smashers of the Galaxy Rangers	Harry Harrison
author	Hooray for Diffendoofer Day! is a children's book credited to Dr. Seuss ``with some help from Jack Prelutsky and Lane Smith''.	Hooray for Diffendoofer Day!	Dr. Seuss
author	Lizzie Zipmouth (2000) is a children's novel by author Jacqueline Wilson.	Lizzie Zipmouth	Jacqueline Wilson
author	Always Hiding is a novel written by Filipino-American novelist Sophia Romero.	Always Hiding	Sophia Romero
author	Máj (archaic Czech for the month May; pronounced (maːj)) is a romantic poem by Karel Hynek Mácha in four cantos.	Máj	Karel Hynek Mácha
author	The Grass Harp is a novel by Truman Capote published on October 1, 1951 It tells the story of an orphaned boy and two elderly ladies who observe life from a tree.	The Grass Harp	Truman Capote
author	Manservant and Maidservant is a 1947 novel by Ivy Compton-Burnett.	Manservant and Maidservant	Ivy Compton-Burnett
author	The New Improved Sun, subtitled ``An Anthology of Utopian S-F'', is an anthology of science fiction stories edited by Thomas M. Disch, published in hardcover by Harper & Row in 1975.	The New Improved Sun	Thomas M. Disch
author	The Afghan is a 2006 thriller novel by Frederick Forsyth.	The Afghan	Frederick Forsyth
author	Bleed Into Me is a novel by Stephen Graham Jones and is part of Native Storiers:	Bleed Into Me	Stephen Graham Jones
author	Redwall, by Brian Jacques, is a series of children's fantasy novels.	Redwall	Brian Jacques
author	Turtle Geometry is a college-level math text written by Hal Abelson and Andrea diSessa which aims to engage students in exploring mathematical properties visually via a simple programming language to maneuver the icon of a turtle trailing lines across a personal computer display.	Turtle Geometry	Hal Abelson	Andrea diSessa
author	The Ego and the Id (German: Das Ich und das Es) is a prominent paper by the psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud.	The Ego and the Id	Sigmund Freud
author	You Can Negotiate Anything is a self-help book on negotiation by Herb Cohen.	You Can Negotiate Anything	Herb Cohen
author	The Myth of the American Superhero is a scholarly nonfiction book by Robert Jewett and John Shelton Lawrence.	The Myth of the American Superhero	John Shelton Lawrence
author	BCS: 50 Years is a review volume edited by Leon Cooper, a 1972 Nobel Laureate in Physics, and Dmitri Feldman of Brown University, first published in 2010.	BCS: 50 Years	Leon Cooper
author	``A skeletal revision of Nepenthes (Nepenthaceae)'' is a monograph by Matthew Jebb and Martin Cheek on the tropical pitcher plants of the genus Nepenthes.	A skeletal revision of Nepenthes (Nepenthaceae)	Matthew Jebb	Martin Cheek
author	Memories and Portraits is a collection of essays by Robert Louis Stevenson, first published in 1887.	Memories and Portraits	Robert Louis Stevenson
author	The Power of the Dog is a 2005 crime/thriller novel by Don Winslow, based on the DEA's involvement with the War on Drugs.	The Power of the Dog	Don Winslow
author	The Second Coming of Steve Jobs is an unauthorized biography chronicling the life of Steve Jobs, a co-founder of Apple Inc by Vanity Fair magazine writer Alan Deutschman.	The Second Coming of Steve Jobs	Alan Deutschman
author	Ninth Grade Slays is a novel by Zac Brewer, formerly known as Heather Brewer, and the second of five books in the The Chronicles of Vladimir Tod collection.	Ninth Grade Slays	Heather Brewer
author	À l'ami qui ne m'a pas sauvé la vie (in English: 'To the friend who did not save my life') is a novel by Hervé Guibert first published by Gallimard in 1990.	À l'ami qui ne m'a pas sauvé la vie	Hervé Guibert
author	Inside Out & Back Again is a verse novel by Thanhha Lai.	Inside Out & Back Again	Thanhha Lai
author	Menagerie Manor was a book by Gerald Durrell, published in 1964.	Menagerie Manor	Gerald Durrell
author	The Book and the Brotherhood is the 23rd novel of Iris Murdoch, first published in 1987.	The Book and the Brotherhood	Iris Murdoch
author	The Frog and the Ox appears among Aesop's Fables and is numbered 376 in the Perry Index.	The Frog and the Ox	Aesop
author	Angels' Fall is an adventure/thriller novel written by Frank Herbert in 1957 and published posthumously in 2013.	Angels' Fall	Frank Herbert
author	A Philosophical Investigation is a 1992 techno-thriller by Philip Kerr.	A Philosophical Investigation	Philip Kerr
author	Forgotten Tales of Love and Murder is a collection of short stories by Edgar Rice Burroughs, edited by Patrick H. Adkins and illustrated by Danny Frolich.	Forgotten Tales of Love and Murder	Edgar Rice Burroughs
author	The Long Trial of Nolan Dugatti is a novel written by Native American author Stephen Graham Jones published in 2008.	The Long Trial of Nolan Dugatti	Stephen Graham Jones
author	I'm Not Stiller (German title: Stiller) is a novel by Swiss author Max Frisch, which was published in 1954.	I'm Not Stiller	Max Frisch
author	``To Tirzah'' is a poem by William Blake that was published in his collection Songs of Innocence and of Experience.	To Tirzah	William Blake
author	The Dogs of Riga (Swedish: Hundarna i Riga) is a Swedish detective mystery by Henning Mankell, set in Riga, the capital of Latvia.	The Dogs of Riga	Henning Mankell
author	Sztafeta (English: Relay race) is a 1939 book of literary reportage written by Melchior Wańkowicz.	Sztafeta	Melchior Wańkowicz
author	The Cow-Tail Switch, and Other West African Stories by Harold Courlander is a collection of West African folk tales about men and animals, kings, warriors, and farmers.	The Cow-Tail Switch, and Other West African Stories	Harold Courlander
author	Tender Shoots (French: Tendres stocks) is a 1921 short story collection by the French writer Paul Morand.	Tender Shoots	Paul Morand
author	Damnation Alley is a 1967 science fiction novella by Roger Zelazny, which he expanded into a novel in 1969.	Damnation Alley	Roger Zelazny
author	Accordion Crimes is a 1996 novel by American writer E. Annie Proulx.	Accordion Crimes	Annie Proulx
author	The Penitent (1983) is a novel by Isaac Bashevis Singer (1902--1991).	The Penitent	Isaac Bashevis Singer
author	25 Bridge Conventions You Should Know is a book on contract bridge co-written by Canadian teacher and author Barbara Seagram and British player and author Marc Smith.	25 Bridge Conventions You Should Know	Barbara Seagram	Marc Smith
author	The Stromata (Greek: Στρώματα) or Stromateis (Στρωματεῖς, ``Patchwork'') is the third in Clement of Alexandria's trilogy of works on the Christian life.	Stromata	Clement of Alexandria
author	Lost Echoes is a 2007 crime/mystery novel by American author Joe R. Lansdale.	Lost Echoes	Joe R. Lansdale
author	Britten's Children is a scholarly 2006 book by John Bridcut that describes the English composer Benjamin Britten's relationship with several adolescent boys.	Britten's Children	John Bridcut
author	Cobwebs to Catch Flies (1783) is a children's book by Ellenor Fenn, originally anonymous, but later editions were advertised as being by Mrs Teachwell or ``Mrs Lovechild''.	Cobwebs to Catch Flies	Ellenor Fenn
author	From the Holy Mountain is a 1997 historical travel book by William Dalrymple that deals with the affairs of the Eastern Christians.	From the Holy Mountain	William Dalrymple
author	Kadal Pura (Tamil: கடல் புறா, kaṭal puṟā, lit. Sea Pigeon) is a Tamil language historical novel written by Sandilyan.	Kadal Pura	Sandilyan
author	Without Remorse is a thriller novel published in 1993 by Tom Clancy and is a part of the Jack Ryan universe series.	Without Remorse	Tom Clancy
author	Aminta is a play written by Torquato Tasso in 1573, represented during a garden party at the court of Ferrara.	Aminta	Torquato Tasso
author	No Great Mischief is a 1999 novel by Alistair MacLeod.	No Great Mischief	Alistair MacLeod
author	The Edict on Idle Institutions was one of more than 10,000 ordinances issued by Joseph II, Holy Roman Emperor pertaining to religious issues.	Edict on Idle Institutions	Joseph II
author	``Both Parties Concerned'' is a short story by J. D. Salinger, first published in the Saturday Evening Post on February 26, 1944.	Both Parties Concerned	J. D. Salinger
author	When a Crocodile Eats the Sun is an acclaimed 2006 book of memoirs by Peter Godwin.	When a Crocodile Eats the Sun	Peter Godwin
author	Why Britain is at War is a polemic treatise written by Harold Nicolson and first published by Penguin Books on 7 November 1939 shortly after the Second World War began.	Why Britain is at War	Harold Nicolson
author	The Gentle Falcon is a historical novel for young readers by Hilda Lewis, based on the story of King Richard II and his child bride, Isabella, written in first person from the point of view of a close companion of the Queen.	The Gentle Falcon	Hilda Lewis
author	The Intelligent Investor by Benjamin Graham, first published in 1949, is a widely acclaimed book on value investing, an investment approach Graham began teaching at Columbia Business School in 1928 and subsequently refined with David Dodd.	The Intelligent Investor	Benjamin Graham
author	The Book of Everything is the English translation (published 2006) of the Dutch children's novel Het boek van alle dingen by Guus Kuijer, published in 2004 by Querido.	The Book of Everything	Guus Kuijer
author	The Thorn Birds is a 1977 best-selling novel by Colleen McCullough, an Australian author.	The Thorn Birds	Colleen McCullough
author	Mike Nelson's Death Rat! (first published April 1, 2003) is the first full length novel by American author Michael J. Nelson.	Mike Nelson's Death Rat!	Michael J. Nelson
author	Call Me When the Cross Turns Over is a 1957 novel by Australian author D'Arcy Niland.	Call Me When the Cross Turns Over	D'Arcy Niland
author	Young Samurai is a series of action-adventure stories written by Chris Bradford, set in 17th century Japan, following the exploits of an English boy, Jack Fletcher, as he strives to be the first gaijin samurai.	Young Samurai	Chris Bradford
author	Cum non solum was a letter written by Pope Innocent IV to the Mongols on March 13, 1245.	Cum non solum	Innocent IV
author	``The Slithering Shadow'' is one of the original short stories starring the fictional sword and sorcery hero Conan the Cimmerian, written by American author Robert E. Howard and first published in the September 1933 issue of Weird Tales magazine.	The Slithering Shadow	Robert E. Howard
author	La Mare au Diable (The Devil's Pool) is an 1846 novel by George Sand.	La Mare au Diable	George Sand
author	Tarzan and the Castaways is a collection of stories written by Edgar Rice Burroughs, the twenty-fourth in his series of books about the title character Tarzan.	Tarzan and the Castaways	Edgar Rice Burroughs
author	Life and Death of a Spanish Town is a book by Elliot Paul based on his actual experiences of living in the town of Santa Eulària des Riu on the Spanish island of Ibiza, at the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War.	Life and Death of a Spanish Town	Elliot Paul
author	``The Gold-Bug'' is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe published in 1843.	The Gold-Bug	Edgar Allan Poe
author	In the Fifth at Malory Towers is a novel/school story written by Enid Blyton.	In the Fifth at Malory Towers	Enid Blyton
author	A Time on Earth (Swedish: Din stund på jorden, lit. Your Time on Earth) is a 1963 novel by Swedish writer Vilhelm Moberg.	A Time on Earth	Vilhelm Moberg
author	Last Guardian of Everness is a fantasy novel by John C. Wright (the author's first such novel, having been written before The Golden Age).	Last Guardian of Everness	John C. Wright
author	The Voyage of the Beagle is the title most commonly given to reissues of the book written by Charles Darwin and published in 1839 as his Journal and Remarks, bringing him considerable fame and respect.	The Voyage of the Beagle	Charles Darwin
author	Abandon the Old in Tokyo is a short story manga collection by Yoshihiro Tatsumi.	Abandon the Old in Tokyo	Yoshihiro Tatsumi
author	And Having Writ... is a 1978 science fiction/alternate history novel written by Donald R. Bensen.	And Having Writ...	Donald R. Bensen
author	Tender as Hellfire is a debut novel by Chicago author Joe Meno.	Tender as Hellfire	Joe Meno
author	Cloudstreet is a 1991 novel by Australian writer Tim Winton.	Cloudstreet	Tim Winton
author	A Year in the Merde is a comic novel by Stephen Clarke first published in 2004 under the pen name Paul West.	A Year in the Merde	Stephen Clarke
author	On a Pale Horse is a fantasy novel by Piers Anthony, first published in 1983.	On a Pale Horse	Piers Anthony
author	Comic Potential by Alan Ayckbourn is a romantic sci-fi comedy.	Comic Potential	Alan Ayckbourn
author	The Englishman's Boy is a novel by Guy Vanderhaeghe, published in 1996 by McClelland and Stewart, which won the Governor General's Award for English language fiction in 1996 and was nominated for the Giller Prize.	The Englishman's Boy	Guy Vanderhaeghe
author	Lord Tyger is an American novel by Philip José Farmer.	Lord Tyger	Philip José Farmer
author	A Perfect Stranger is a Danielle Steel romance novel, published in 1982.	A Perfect Stranger	Danielle Steel
author	How to Survive Summer Camp (ISBN 978-0-19-272704-6) is a novel written by Jacqueline Wilson and illustrated by Sue Heap.	How to Survive Summer Camp	Jacqueline Wilson
author	Blooms of Dublin is a musical play or operetta by Anthony Burgess.	Blooms of Dublin	Anthony Burgess
author	Minn of the Mississippi is an illustrated children's book by Holling C. Holling.	Minn of the Mississippi	Holling C. Holling
author	The Blunderer is a psychological thriller by Patricia Highsmith, first published in 1954 by Coward-McCann.	The Blunderer	Patricia Highsmith
author	Path of the Fury and the later re-issuance with new material and a full prequel novel as the omnibus In Fury Born are stand-alone science fiction novels by David Weber covering the life and times of sympathetic female protagonist Alicia DeVries.	Path of the Fury	David Weber
author	The Stronghold is a children's historical novel by the Scottish writer Mollie Hunter, published by Hamilton in 1974.	The Stronghold	Mollie Hunter
author	Alfie and His Secret Friend (Swedish: Alfons och hemlige Mållgan) is a 1976 children's book by Gunilla Bergström.	Alfie and His Secret Friend	Gunilla Bergström
author	L'Idiote (The Idiot) is a comic mystery play by Marcel Achard.	L'Idiote	Marcel Achard
author	The Gardeners Dictionary was a widely cited reference series, written by Philip Miller (1691 -- 1771), which tended to focus on plants cultivated in England.	The Gardeners Dictionary	Philip Miller
author	The Braindead Megaphone is short story writer George Saunders's first full length essay collection, published in 2007; it is 272 pages long.	The Braindead Megaphone	George Saunders
author	Shadow Country is a novel by Peter Matthiessen, published by Random House in 2008.	Shadow Country	Peter Matthiessen
author	Terug tot Ina Damman (``Return to Ina Damman'', 1934) is a novel by Dutch author Simon Vestdijk.	Terug tot Ina Damman	Simon Vestdijk
author	Baltasar and Blimunda (Portuguese: Memorial do Convento, 1982) is a novel by the Nobel Prize-winning Portuguese author José Saramago.	Baltasar and Blimunda	José Saramago
author	The Rage Against God (subtitle in US editions: How Atheism Led Me to Faith) is the fifth book by Peter Hitchens, first published in 2010.	The Rage Against God	Peter Hitchens
author	Canada and the Canadian Question is an 1891 book written by British-Canadian author Goldwin Smith that analyzes 19th-century Canada.	Canada and the Canadian Question	Goldwin Smith
author	The Wallypug of Why is an 1895 children's novel by G. E. Farrow.	The Wallypug of Why	G. E. Farrow
author	Second Ending is a science fiction novel by northern Irish writer James White, published in 1961.	Second Ending	James White
author	Plague 99 (ISBN 0-15-262429-5) is a 1989 novel written by Jean Ure.	Plague 99	Jean Ure
author	Track of the Zombie is the 71st title of the Hardy Boys, written by Franklin W. Dixon.	Track of the Zombie	Franklin W. Dixon
author	A Hope in the Unseen (Full Title ``A Hope in the Unseen: An American Odyssey from the Inner City to the Ivy League'') is the first book by author and journalist Ron Suskind, published in 1998.	A Hope in the Unseen	Ron Suskind
author	Madam, Will You Talk? is a novel by Mary Stewart, first published in 1954.	Madam, Will You Talk?	Mary Stewart
author	``Before the Law'' (German: ``Vor dem Gesetz'') is a parable contained in the novel The Trial (German: Der Prozess), by Franz Kafka.	Before the Law	Franz Kafka
author	Punish the Sinners is a horror novel and the second novel by author John Saul, first published in 1978.	Punish the Sinners	John Saul
author	The Canoe and the Saddle (1862) is a novelized adventure memoir by the American author Theodore Winthrop (1828--1861).	The Canoe and the Saddle	Theodore Winthrop
author	The Klingon Dictionary is a book by Marc Okrand describing the Klingon language.	The Klingon Dictionary	Marc Okrand
author	The General Theory of Employment, Interest and Money was written by the English economist John Maynard Keynes.	The General Theory of Employment, Interest and Money	John Maynard Keynes
author	Adam Loveday is a novel by Kate Tremayne, and is the first in the Loveday series of books.	Adam Loveday	Kate Tremayne
author	The Philosophy in 90 Minutes series, written by Paul Strathern, is a series of short introductory biographical overviews on well-known philosophers, set in brief historical context, along with brief impressions of their philosophies.	Philosophy in 90 Minutes series	Paul Strathern
author	The Rudiments of English Grammar (1761) was a popular English grammar textbook written by the 18th-century British polymath Joseph Priestley.	The Rudiments of English Grammar	Joseph Priestley
author	The Israel Lobby and U.S. Foreign Policy is a book by John Mearsheimer, Professor of Political Science at the University of Chicago, and Stephen Walt, Professor of International Relations at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University, published in late August 2007.	The Israel Lobby and U.S. Foreign Policy	John Mearsheimer	Stephen Walt
author	The Dictionnaire philosophique (Philosophical Dictionary) is an encyclopedic dictionary published by Voltaire in 1764.	Dictionnaire philosophique	Voltaire
author	Romola (1862--63) is a historical novel by George Eliot set in the fifteenth century, and is ``a deep study of life in the city of Florence from an intellectual, artistic, religious, and social point of view''.	Romola	George Eliot
author	A Guide to the Perplexed (originally in Hebrew: מוֹרֵה נְבוּכִים‎, Mōrē Nəḇūḵīm) is a novel written by Israeli-born British musician and anti-zionist political activist Gilad Atzmon in 2001.	A Guide to the Perplexed	Gilad Atzmon
author	Team Human is a young adult novel co-written by Justine Larbalestier and Sarah Rees Brennan.	Team Human	Justine Larbalestier	Sarah Rees Brennan
author	Adrift on the Nile (Thartharah fawqa al-Nīl, Arabic: ثرثرة فوق النيل‎) is a 1966 book by Egyptian author and Nobel Laureate Naguib Mahfouz.	Adrift on the Nile	Naguib Mahfouz
author	Premalekhanam (The Love Letter) is Vaikom Muhammad Basheer's first work (1943) to be published as a book.	Premalekhanam	Vaikom Muhammad Basheer
author	Lost in the Funhouse (1968) is a short story collection by American author John Barth.	Lost in the Funhouse	John Barth
author	A Village Affair (published in 1989) is a novel by prolific English romance author Joanna Trollope.	A Village Affair	Joanna Trollope
author	Rip Foster Rides the Gray Planet is a young adult science fiction novel written by Harold L. Goodwin under the pseudonym Blake Savage.	Rip Foster Rides the Gray Planet	Harold L. Goodwin
author	Piranha to Scurfy is a short story collection by British writer Ruth Rendell, published in 2000.	Piranha to Scurfy	Ruth Rendell
author	Big Planet is the first of two stand-alone science fiction novels by Jack Vance (the other being Showboat World) which share the same setting: an immense, but metal-poor and backward world called Big Planet.	Big Planet	Jack Vance
author	The Dragon Society (2001) is the second fantasy novel of The Obsidian Chronicles, a trilogy by Lawrence Watt-Evans.	The Dragon Society	Lawrence Watt-Evans
author	Le Calvaire (Calvary) is a novel written by the French journalist, novelist and playwright Octave Mirbeau, and published by Ollendorff in 1886.	Le Calvaire	Octave Mirbeau
author	Natalie Natalia is a novel by Nicholas Mosley first published in 1971 about a middle-aged British MP who, while seemingly on the brink of insanity, conducts an adulterous affair with the wife of a colleague.	Natalie Natalia	Nicholas Mosley
author	The Time of Your Life is a 1939 five-act play by American playwright William Saroyan.	The Time of Your Life	William Saroyan
author	The Legionnaires (Swedish: Legionärerna) is a 1969 novel by Swedish author Per Olov Enquist.	The Legionnaires	Per Olov Enquist
author	The Family Markowitz is a 1996 novel, made up of a series of linked short stories written by Allegra Goodman.	The Family Markowitz	Allegra Goodman
author	Disciplined Minds is a book by physicist Jeff Schmidt, published in 2000.	Disciplined Minds	Jeff Schmidt
author	Six from Sirius is an American comic book mini-series created by Doug Moench and Paul Gulacy and published by Epic Comics in 1984.	Six from Sirius	Doug Moench
author	Stone Butch Blues is a novel written by transgender activist Leslie Feinberg.	Stone Butch Blues	Leslie Feinberg
author	The Bourne Imperative is the tenth novel in the Bourne series and seventh by Eric Van Lustbader.	The Bourne Imperative	Eric Van Lustbader
author	Any Reasonable Offer is a short story by Kurt Vonnegut, first published on 19 January 1952 in Collier's weekly, and later in Bagombo Snuff Box in 1999.	Any Reasonable Offer	Kurt Vonnegut
author	The Luzerner Schilling (or Luzernerchronik, Lucerne chronicle) is an illuminated manuscript of 1513, containing the chronicle of the history of the Swiss Confederation written by Diebold Schilling the Younger of Lucerne.	Luzerner Schilling	Diebold Schilling the Younger
author	Down by the River Where the Dead Men Go is a 1995 book by novelist George Pelecanos.	Down by the River Where the Dead Men Go	George Pelecanos
author	Other People is a novel by British writer Martin Amis, published in 1981.	Other People	Martin Amis
author	Principles of the Theory of Probability is a 1939 book by the philosopher Ernest Nagel.	Principles of the Theory of Probability	Ernest Nagel
author	¡Qué fácil es estar en pareja! (18.379 consejos básicos) (It's easy to be a couple! 18,379 basic tips) is a comedy book by Argentine author Luis Pescetti.	¡Qué fácil es estar en pareja! (18.379 consejos básicos)	Luis Pescetti
author	Summertide (1990) is a science fiction novel by Charles Sheffield written within the Heritage Universe.	Summertide	Charles Sheffield
author	The 10th edition of Systema Naturae is a book written by Carl Linnaeus and published in two volumes in 1758 and 1759, which marks the starting point of zoological nomenclature.	10th edition of Systema Naturae	Carl Linnaeus
author	White Fluffy Clouds (ISBN 0974512001) is a book by Brandon Boyd, lead singer of the rock group Incubus.	White Fluffy Clouds	Brandon Boyd
author	History of Joseph Smith by His Mother is a biography of Joseph Smith, founder of the Latter Day Saint movement, according to his mother, Lucy Mack Smith.	History of Joseph Smith by His Mother	Lucy Mack Smith
author	``Land of the Great Horses'' is a short story by R. A. Lafferty from Harlan Ellison's science fiction anthology Dangerous Visions.	Land of the Great Horses	R. A. Lafferty
author	Reveries of a Bachelor or A Book of the Heart is a book by American author Donald Grant Mitchell, published in 1850 under the pseudonym Ik Marvel.	Reveries of a Bachelor	Donald Grant Mitchell
author	The Ridiculous Wishes or The Three Ridiculous Wishes is a French literary fairy tale by Charles Perrault published in 1697 in the volume titled Histoires ou contes du temps passé.	The Ridiculous Wishes	Charles Perrault
author	The Guns of the South is an alternate history novel set during the American Civil War by Harry Turtledove.	The Guns of the South	Harry Turtledove
author	Clarissa, or, the History of a Young Lady is an epistolary novel by Samuel Richardson, published in 1748.	Clarissa	Samuel Richardson
author	Great Kings' War is an English language science fiction novel by John F. Carr and Roland J. Green, a sequel to H. Beam Piper's Lord Kalvan of Otherwhen.	Great Kings' War	John F. Carr
author	Mirror Dance is a Hugo- and Locus-award-winning science fiction novel by Lois McMaster Bujold.	Mirror Dance	Lois McMaster Bujold
author	Seducing Ingrid Bergman is a 2012 novel by Chris Greenhalgh.	Seducing Ingrid Bergman	Chris Greenhalgh
author	Shirley Valentine is a one-character play by Willy Russell.	Shirley Valentine	Willy Russell
author	What Is the Third Estate? (French: Qu'est-ce que le tiers-état?) is a political pamphlet written in January 1789, shortly before the outbreak of the French Revolution, by the French thinker and clergyman Abbé Emmanuel Joseph Sieyès (1748--1836).	What Is the Third Estate?	Emmanuel Joseph Sieyès
author	Haugtussa (edited 1895) is an epic circle of poems, written by the Norwegian author Arne Garborg.	Haugtussa	Arne Garborg
author	The Snow Women is a sword and sorcery novella by Fritz Leiber, recounting the early history of Fafhrd, a future member of the adventurous duo, Fafhrd and the Gray Mouser.	The Snow Women	Fritz Leiber
author	Samurai Widow (1990, Carroll & Graf) is a memoir by Judith Jacklin Belushi, the wife of comedian John Belushi.	Samurai Widow	John Belushi
author	A Flat Iron for a Farthing (1872) is a book by Juliana Horatia Ewing (1842-1885) and consists of childhood reminiscences of the only child of a widowed father.	A Flat Iron for a Farthing	Juliana Horatia Ewing
author	Fundamenta nova theoriae functionum ellipticarum (New Foundations of the Theory of Elliptic Functions) is a book on Jacobi elliptic functions by Carl Gustav Jacob Jacobi.	Fundamenta nova theoriae functionum ellipticarum	Carl Gustav Jacob Jacobi
author	A Talent for Loving, published in 1961, was the fourth novel by Richard Condon and one of the books that inspired a brief cult for his strenuously off-beat works.	A Talent for Loving	Richard Condon
author	Grundriß der vergleichenden Grammatik der indogermanischen Sprachen (``Outline of the comparative grammar of the Indo-Germanic languages'') is a major work of historical linguistics by Karl Brugmann and Berthold Delbrück, published in two editions between 1886 and 1916.	Grundriß der vergleichenden Grammatik der indogermanischen Sprachen	Karl Brugmann	Berthold Delbrück
author	Bamboo in the Wind is a 1990 novel written by Filipino author and Palanca Memorial Awards recipient Azucena Grajo Uranza.	Bamboo in the Wind	Azucena Grajo Uranza
author	Vargens lilla lamm (in Swedish), ``The Wolf's Little Lamb'' in English, is a historical novel by Margit Sandemo the plot of which dates to the Middle Ages.	Vargens lilla lamm	Margit Sandemo
author	The Last of the Barons is a historical novel by the English author Edward Bulwer-Lytton first published in 1843.	The Last of the Barons	Edward Bulwer-Lytton
author	Emotional Intelligence is a 1995 book by Daniel Goleman.	Emotional Intelligence	Daniel Goleman
author	The Dictionary of Australian Biography, published in 1949, is a reference work by Percival Serle containing information on notable people associated with Australian history.	Dictionary of Australian Biography	Percival Serle
author	Third Year at Malory Towers is a children's novel by Enid Blyton set in an English girls' boarding school.	Third Year at Malory Towers	Enid Blyton
author	The Steam House (French: La maison à vapeur) is an 1880 Jules Verne novel recounting the travels of a group of British colonists in the Raj in a wheeled house pulled by a steam-powered mechanical elephant.	The Steam House	Jules Verne
author	The Development of the Monist View of History is the major work of the Russian philosopher Georgi Plekhanov, published in 1895.	The Development of the Monist View of History	Georgi Plekhanov
author	Throat Sprockets is an erotic horror novel by Tim Lucas, published in 1994.	Throat Sprockets	Tim Lucas
author	The Dictionnaire Historique et Critique (English: Historical and Critical Dictionary) is a biographical dictionary written by Pierre Bayle (1647--1706), a Huguenot who lived and published in Holland after fleeing his native France due to religious persecution.	Dictionnaire Historique et Critique	Pierre Bayle
author	``The Man Who Loved Flowers'' is a short story by Stephen King, first published in the August 1977 issue of Gallery, and later collected in King's 1978 collection Night Shift.	The Man Who Loved Flowers	Stephen King
author	ArchEnemy is a 2009 science-fiction and fantasy novel by Frank Beddor and the third novel of the Looking Glass Wars trilogy.	ArchEnemy	Frank Beddor
author	A Arcádia e a Inconfidência is a Portuguese language novel by Brazilian author, Oswald de Andrade.	A Arcádia e a Inconfidência	Oswald de Andrade
author	Forbidden Area is a 1956 Cold War thriller novel by Pat Frank.	Forbidden Area	Pat Frank
author	A Thin Ghost and Others is M. R. James' third collection of ghost stories, published in 1919.	A Thin Ghost and Others	M. R. James
author	Gate of Ivrel is a 1976 science fiction novel written by C. J. Cherryh and was her first published work.	Gate of Ivrel	C. J. Cherryh
author	The Optimist's Daughter is a Pulitzer Prize for Fiction winning 1972 short novel by Eudora Welty.	The Optimist's Daughter	Eudora Welty
author	My Side of the Mountain is a children's or young-adult adventure novel written and illustrated by Jean Craighead George, published by Dutton in 1959 It features a boy who learns about courage, independence, and the need for companionship while attempting to live in a forested area of New York state.	My Side of the Mountain	Jean Craighead George
author	The Chaos Code is a 2007 science-fiction/fantasy novel for young teenagers by British author Justin Richards.	The Chaos Code	Justin Richards
author	A Place in England is a novel by Melvyn Bragg, first published in 1970.	A Place in England	Melvyn Bragg
author	A Theft is a 1989 novel by the American author Saul Bellow.	A Theft	Saul Bellow
author	Bør Børson jr. is a satirical novel from the boom period during World War I, written by Norwegian writer Johan Falkberget.	Bør Børson	Johan Falkberget
author	``Report on the Barnhouse Effect'' is the first short story written and published by Kurt Vonnegut.	Report on the Barnhouse Effect	Kurt Vonnegut
author	The Antipope is a comic fantasy novel by the British author Robert Rankin.	The Antipope	Robert Rankin
author	The Đại Việt sử ký toàn thư (Complete Annals of Đại Việt) is the official historical text of the Lê Dynasty, that was originally compiled by the royal historian Ngô Sĩ Liên under the order of the Emperor Lê Thánh Tông and was finished in 1479.	Đại Việt sử ký toàn thư	Ngô Sĩ Liên
author	Wolves Eat Dogs is a crime novel by Martin Cruz Smith, set in Russia and Ukraine in the year 2004.	Wolves Eat Dogs	Martin Cruz Smith
author	``The GM Effect'' is a short story by science fiction author Frank Herbert which first appeared in Analog magazine in 1965 and later in Herbert's 1985 short story collection The Worlds of Frank Herbert.	The GM Effect	Frank Herbert
author	Notes on the Jewish Temple is a manuscript by Isaac Newton, written in Latin, Hebrew, Aramaic and Greek, which holds notes on the Jewish Temple and its rituals.	Notes on the Jewish Temple	Isaac Newton
author	Animals Are Like That! was Frank Buck's sixth book, which continued his stories of capturing exotic animals.	Animals Are Like That	Frank Buck
author	In Search of a Distant Voice is a novel by Japanese writer Taichi Yamada.	In Search of a Distant Voice	Taichi Yamada
author	Who Is Ayn Rand? is a 1962 book about Ayn Rand by Nathaniel Branden and Barbara Branden.	Who Is Ayn Rand?	Nathaniel Branden	Barbara Branden
author	Jake and the Kid is a collection of short stories by W. O. Mitchell, originally published in 1961.	Jake and the Kid	W. O. Mitchell
author	Man, the State, and War is a 1959 book on international relations by realist academic Kenneth Waltz.	Man, the State, and War	Kenneth Waltz
author	Expedition to Earth (ISBN 0-7221-2423-6) is a collection of science fiction short stories by Arthur C. Clarke.	Expedition to Earth	Arthur C. Clarke
author	The Fionavar Tapestry is a trilogy of fantasy novels by Guy Gavriel Kay, first published in 1984-1986.	The Fionavar Tapestry	Guy Gavriel Kay
author	Taronga (1986) is a young adult science fiction post-apocalyptic novel written by Australian author Victor Kelleher.	Taronga	Victor Kelleher
author	God Bless You, Dr. Kevorkian, by Kurt Vonnegut, is a collection of short fictional interviews written by Vonnegut and first broadcast on NPR.	God Bless You, Dr. Kevorkian	Kurt Vonnegut
author	High Tide in Tucson is a 1995 book of twenty-five essays by author Barbara Kingsolver about family, community and ecology.	High Tide in Tucson	Barbara Kingsolver
author	Oxford Blood is a crime novel by Antonia Fraser first published in 1985.	Oxford Blood	Antonia Fraser
author	Enter Sir John is a 1928 British crime novel by Clemence Dane and Helen Simpson.	Enter Sir John	Clemence Dane
author	To Conquer Chaos is a 1964 science fiction novel by John Brunner.	To Conquer Chaos	John Brunner
author	A Spell of Winter is a 1995 gothic novel by Helen Dunmore, set in England, around the time of World War I. The novel was the first recipient of the Orange Prize for Fiction, in 1996.	A Spell of Winter	Helen Dunmore
author	The Harmony Silk Factory (2005) is Tash Aw's critically acclaimed first novel, set in 1940s British-ruled Malaya, which is now called Malaysia.	The Harmony Silk Factory	Tash Aw
author	Slake's Limbo is a novel for young adults by Felice Holman, first published in 1974.	Slake's Limbo	Felice Holman
author	My Traitor's Heart is an autobiographical book by Rian Malan first published in 1990 on his return from exile.	My Traitor's Heart	Rian Malan
author	The Gladiators from Capua is a children's historical novel by Caroline Lawrence, published on June 3, 2004.	The Gladiators from Capua	Caroline Lawrence
author	Kingdoms of Elfin is a short story collection by Sylvia Townsend Warner, published by the Viking Press in 1977, a year before her death.	Kingdoms of Elfin	Sylvia Townsend Warner
author	Kai Lung Beneath the Mulberry Tree is a collection of fantasy stories by Ernest Bramah featuring Kai Lung, an itinerant story-teller of ancient China.	Kai Lung Beneath the Mulberry Tree	Ernest Bramah
author	The Fixed Period (1882) is a satirical dystopian novel by Anthony Trollope.	The Fixed Period	Anthony Trollope
author	Cadillac Desert, by Marc Reisner, is a 1986 book published by Viking (ISBN 0-14-017824-4) about land development and water policy in the western United States.	Cadillac Desert	Marc Reisner
author	Redgauntlet (1824) is a historical novel by Sir Walter Scott, set in Dumfries, Scotland in 1765, and described by Magnus Magnusson (a point first made by Andrew Lang) as ``in a sense, the most autobiographical of Scott's novels.''	Redgauntlet	Walter Scott
author	Fifty Years a Hunter and Trapper is an autobiography that contains many experiences and observations of Eldred Nathaniel Woodcock during his fifty years of hunting and trapping.	Fifty Years a Hunter and Trapper	Eldred Nathaniel Woodcock
author	Flora Brasiliensis is a book published between 1840 and 1906 by the editors Carl Friedrich Philipp von Martius, August Wilhelm Eichler, Ignatz Urban and many others.	Flora Brasiliensis	Carl Friedrich Philipp von Martius	Ignatz Urban
author	Runaway Ralph is the second in a children's novel trilogy written by Beverly Cleary, first published in 1970.	Runaway Ralph	Beverly Cleary
author	Top Silk is a play by David Williamson concerning two lawyers.	Top Silk	David Williamson
author	Power of the Sword is a novel by Wilbur Smith set before and during World War II. The book features a critical portrayl of Federick Voerwerd who Smith described as ``probably the most evil man in South Africa's history.	Power of the Sword	Wilbur Smith
author	Appointment with F.E.A.R. is a single-player roleplaying gamebook written by Steve Jackson, illustrated by Declan Considine and originally published in 1985 by Puffin Books.	Appointment with F.E.A.R.	Steve Jackson
author	The Last English King (1997) is a historical novel by English writer Julian Rathbone.	The Last English King	Julian Rathbone
author	Man of Nazareth is a historical novel by Anthony Burgess based on his screenplay for Franco Zeffirelli's TV miniseries Jesus of Nazareth.	Man of Nazareth	Anthony Burgess
author	An Attempt at Exhausting a Place in Paris, (French: Tentative d'épuisement d'un lieu parisien) is a short (roughly 60 pages) book by Georges Perec written in October 1974 and published in 1975.	An Attempt at Exhausting a Place in Paris	Georges Perec
author	One Lonely Night (1951) is Mickey Spillane's fourth novel featuring private investigator Mike Hammer.	One Lonely Night	Mickey Spillane
author	Let History Judge (Russian: К суду истории, Before the Court of History) is a history book by Roy Medvedev that critiques Stalinism from a Marxist perspective.	Let History Judge	Roy Medvedev
author	The Orchard of Lost Souls is a 2013 novel by the Somali-British author Nadifa Mohamed.	The Orchard of Lost Souls	Nadifa Mohamed
author	Young Adam is a 1954 novel by Alexander Trocchi which tells the story of Joe, a young man who labours on the river barges of Glasgow, and who discovers the body of a young woman floating in the canal.	Young Adam	Alexander Trocchi
author	O Rapto do Garoto de Ouro (The Golden Boy's Abduction) is a novel written by Brazilian writer Marcos Rey, originally release in 1982.	O Rapto do Garoto de Ouro	Marcos Rey
author	Relics and Angels is the first published novel by American author Hamilton Basso.	Relics and Angels	Hamilton Basso
author	The Enchafèd Flood: or, The Romantic Iconography of the Sea is a book of three lectures by W. H. Auden, first published in 1950.	The Enchafèd Flood	W. H. Auden
author	The Half Gallon Quarter Acre Pavlova Paradise was a popular book by Austin Mitchell, published by Whitcombe and Tombs (Christchurch, 1972), with illustrations by Les Gibbard.	The Half Gallon Quarter Acre Pavlova Paradise	Austin Mitchell
author	The Justice of God in the Damnation of Sinners is a sermon by American Christian theologian, reformer, author, and pastor, Jonathan Edwards, originally published in 1734, that uses the text of Romans 3:19 as its basis.	The Justice of God in the Damnation of Sinners	Jonathan Edwards
author	Mistakes Were Made (But Not by Me) is a non-fiction book by social psychologists Carol Tavris and Elliot Aronson, first published in 2007.	Mistakes Were Made (But Not by Me)	Carol Tavris	Elliot Aronson
author	Wild Animals I Have Known is an 1898 book by naturalist and author Ernest Thompson Seton.	Wild Animals I Have Known	Ernest Thompson Seton
author	Boys Against Girls is the third book in a series of children's books by Phyllis Reynolds Naylor which began with The Boys Start the War.	Boys Against Girls	Phyllis Reynolds Naylor
author	Tite et Bérénice is a heroic comedy by the 17th-century French playwright Pierre Corneille.	Tite et Bérénice	Pierre Corneille
author	Indomitable Spirit is a book authored by A. P. J. Abdul Kalam, the former president of India.	Indomitable Spirit	A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
author	Annie Allen is a book of poetry by Gwendolyn Brooks that was published in 1949, and for which she received the Pulitzer Prize in 1950.	Annie Allen	Gwendolyn Brooks
author	Yuck, A Love Story is a children's novel by Don Gillmor, illustrated by Marie-Louise Gay.	Yuck, A Love Story	Marie-Louise Gay
author	Seven Interpretive Essays on Peruvian Reality (Spanish: Siete Ensayos de Interpretación de la Realidad Peruana, also known commonly as Los 7 Ensayos), published in 1928, is the most famous written work of the Peruvian socialist writer José Carlos Mariátegui.	Seven Interpretive Essays on Peruvian Reality	José Carlos Mariátegui
author	A House for Mr Biswas is a 1961 novel by V. S. Naipaul, significant as Naipaul's first work to achieve acclaim worldwide.	A House for Mr Biswas	V. S. Naipaul
author	The Battle of Evernight is a fantasy novel by Cecilia Dart-Thornton, published in 2003 by Warner Aspect, a division of Time Warner U.S.A., Pan Macmillan U.K., Pan Macmillan Australia, Editrice Nord, Italy, Luitingh-Sijthoff, Netherlands, Pipe Verlag, Germany and A.S.T. Publishing, Russia..	The Battle of Evernight	Cecilia Dart-Thornton
author	``As a Man Thinketh'' is a literary essay by James Allen, published in 1903.	As a Man Thinketh	James Allen
author	The Search for Maggie Ward is a 1991 novel by Andrew Greeley which details the quest of one man to find his bride, Maggie Ward, who has inexplicably vanished from their new home in a remote Arizona town.	The Search for Maggie Ward	Andrew Greeley
author	Baltimore, or, The Steadfast Tin Soldier and the Vampire is a 2007 illustrated novel created by Mike Mignola and Christopher Golden.	Baltimore, or, The Steadfast Tin Soldier and the Vampire	Mike Mignola
author	Yom Tov Shel Rosh Hashana: 5666 (Hebrew: ספר המאמרים תרס״ו‎), or Samech Vov, is a compilation of the Chasidic treatises by Rabbi Sholom Dovber Schneersohn, the fifth Rebbe of Chabad, from the Hebrew year 5666 (1905-06).	Samech Vov	Sholom Dovber Schneersohn
author	Il colombre is a 1966 short story collection by the Italian writer Dino Buzzati.	Il colombre	Dino Buzzati
author	The Miracle Game (originallly Mirákl) is a Czech novel by Josef Škvorecký published in 1972 by Sixty Eight Publishers in Toronto, Canada.	The Miracle Game	Josef Škvorecký
author	``Under the Black Ensign'' is a Caribbean pirate adventure story written by L. Ron Hubbard and set in 1680.	Under the Black Ensign	L. Ron Hubbard
author	Thrilling Cities is the title of a travelogue by the James Bond author and The Sunday Times journalist Ian Fleming.	Thrilling Cities	Ian Fleming
author	Cariboo Runaway is a young adult novel by Canadian writer Sandy Frances Duncan, published in 1976.	Cariboo Runaway	Sandy Frances Duncan
author	Fathers and Crows is a 1992 historical novel by the American author William T. Vollmann.	Fathers and Crows	William T. Vollmann
author	The World and Other Places is a collection of short stories by Jeanette Winterson O.B.E in the style of postmodernism.	The World and Other Places	Jeanette Winterson
author	101 Ways to Bug Your Teacher is a 2004 children's book written by Lee Wardlaw.	101 Ways to Bug Your Teacher	Lee Wardlaw
author	Hammer's Slammers is a 1979 collection of military science fiction short stories by author David Drake.	Hammer's Slammers	David Drake
author	``Moon of Blood'' is a short story by L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring the fictional sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian created by Robert E. Howard.	Moon of Blood	Lin Carter
author	The Angel of the West Window is a novel written in 1927 by Gustav Meyrink (original German title: Der Engel vom westlichen Fenster) steeped in alchemical, hermetic, occult and mystical imagery and ideas interweaving the life of Elizabethan Magus Dr John Dee with that of a fictional modern descendant, Baron Mueller.	The Angel of the West Window	Gustav Meyrink
author	Paying for It, ``a comic strip memoir about being a john'', is a 2011 graphic novel by Canadian cartoonist Chester Brown.	Paying for It	Chester Brown
author	The Last Sherlock Holmes Story is a Sherlock Holmes pastiche novel by Michael Dibdin.	The Last Sherlock Holmes Story	Michael Dibdin
author	Kushiel's Mercy is the final novel in Kushiel's Legacy by Jacqueline Carey.	Kushiel's Mercy	Jacqueline Carey
author	James Bond and Moonraker is a novelization by Christopher Wood of the James Bond film Moonraker.	James Bond and Moonraker	Christopher Wood
author	The Magician's Wife, published in 1997, was the last novel by the Northern Irish-Canadian writer Brian Moore.	The Magician's Wife	Brian Moore
author	The Mermaids Singing (1995) is a crime novel by Scottish author Val McDermid.	The Mermaids Singing	Val McDermid
author	Sonnet 129 is one of the 154 sonnets written by William Shakespeare.	Sonnet 129	William Shakespeare
author	``The Outcasts of Poker Flat'' (1869) is a short story written by renowned author of the American West Bret Harte.	The Outcasts of Poker Flat	Bret Harte
author	A Very Private War is a 1980 novel by Australian writer Jon Cleary about coastwatchers during World War II.	A Very Private War	Jon Cleary
author	Individualism Old and New is a politically and socially progressive book by John Dewey, an American philosopher, written in 1930.	Individualism Old and New	John Dewey
author	Green Knowe is a series of six children's novels written by Lucy M. Boston, illustrated by her son Peter Boston, and published from 1954 to 1976.	Green Knowe	Lucy M. Boston
author	The Jennifer Morgue is the second collection of stories by British author Charles Stross, published in 2006.	The Jennifer Morgue	Charles Stross
author	The Glass Menagerie is a four-character memory play by Tennessee Williams that premiered in 1944 and catapulted Williams from obscurity to fame.	The Glass Menagerie	Tennessee Williams
author	The Broken Eye is a 2014 epic fantasy novel by New York Times Bestselling author Brent Weeks.	The Broken Eye	Brent Weeks
author	The Moth Diaries is the debut novel of Rachel Klein, published in 2002.	The Moth Diaries	Rachel Klein
author	A Sentimental Journey Through France and Italy is a novel by Laurence Sterne, written and first published in 1768, as Sterne was facing death.	A Sentimental Journey Through France and Italy	Laurence Sterne
author	``Modern Moral Philosophy'' is an influential article on moral philosophy by G. E. M. Anscombe, originally published in the journal Philosophy, vol. 33, no. 124 (January 1958).	Modern Moral Philosophy	G. E. M. Anscombe
author	The Far Reaches is a 2007 novel by American author Homer Hickam and the third novel in the Josh Thurlow series.	The Far Reaches	Homer Hickam
author	A la costa is a 1904 novel by Ecuadorian politician and writer Luis A. Martínez.	A la costa	Luis A. Martínez
author	Exterior Signs of Wealth is an unfinished and, as yet, unreleased novel by author Fran Lebowitz who has achieved a level of media fame for not finishing it over many years.	Exterior Signs of Wealth	Fran Lebowitz
author	Geological Observations on South America is a book written by the English naturalist Charles Darwin.	Geological Observations on South America	Charles Darwin
author	From Death to the Stars is a collection of a fantasy novel and science fiction short stories by L. Ron Hubbard.	From Death to the Stars	L. Ron Hubbard
author	The Snake Stone (ISBN 9780312428020) is the second in a series of detective novels by Jason Goodwin, featuring the eunuch Yashim.	The Snake Stone	Jason Goodwin
author	Sisters of Isis is a book series by Lynne Ewing who is also the author of the popular Daughters of the Moon series and the companion series Sons of the Dark.	Sisters of Isis	Lynne Ewing
author	``A Christmas Eve'' is a short story by Camillo Boito which appeared in his anthology of decadence and perversity titled Tales of Vanity (sometimes translated as Vain Tales), which also featured his more famous work, the novella Senso.	A Christmas Eve	Camillo Boito
author	Posing as People (2005) is a collection of three short stories by Orson Scott Card plus three plays by three different playwrights based on those stories.	Posing as People	Orson Scott Card
author	The Design of Everyday Things is a best-selling book by cognitive scientist and usability engineer Donald Norman about how design serves as the communication between object and user, and how to optimize that conduit of communication in order to make the experience of using the object pleasurable.	The Design of Everyday Things	Donald Norman
author	An Outcast of the Islands is the second novel by Joseph Conrad, published in 1896, inspired by Conrad's experience as mate of a steamer, the Vidar.	An Outcast of the Islands	Joseph Conrad
author	Zuleika Dobson, full title Zuleika Dobson, or, an Oxford love story, is a 1911 novel by Max Beerbohm, a satire of undergraduate life at Oxford.	Zuleika Dobson	Max Beerbohm
author	National Security and Nuclear Diplomacy is the memoir of Hassan Rouhani, the first secretary of Iran's Supreme National Security Council who was also in charge of Iran's nuclear case under President Mohammad Khatami as tensions began to escalate over Iran's nuclear program.	National Security and Nuclear Diplomacy	Hassan Rouhani
author	A History of the Mind is a 1992 book about the mind--body problem by Nicholas Humphrey.	A History of the Mind	Nicholas Humphrey
author	American Appetites is a novel by Joyce Carol Oates, that is about a couple in upstate New York.	American Appetites	Joyce Carol Oates
author	Sometimes a Great Notion is Ken Kesey's second novel, published in 1964.	Sometimes a Great Notion	Ken Kesey
author	Chuva Braba (Portuguese meaning Strong Rain) is a novel published in 1956 by Cape Verdean author Manuel Lopes.	Chuva Braba	Manuel Lopes
author	Morpho Eugenia is a 1992 novella by A. S. Byatt first published in complete form with The Conjugial Angel as Angels & Insects.	Morpho Eugenia	A. S. Byatt
author	Global Frequency is an American comic book limited series published by Wildstorm Productions, an imprint of DC Comics created and written by Warren Ellis.	Global Frequency	Warren Ellis
author	Little Wilson and Big God, volume I of Anthony Burgess's autobiography, was first published by Weidenfeld & Nicolson in 1986.	Little Wilson and Big God	Anthony Burgess
author	Kubrick the Dog is a 2011 non-fiction photography book by British director Sean Ellis.	Kubrick the Dog	Sean Ellis
author	Venus on the Half-Shell is a science fiction novel by Philip José Farmer, writing pseudonymously as ``Kilgore Trout'', a fictional recurring character in many of the novels of Kurt Vonnegut.	Venus on the Half-Shell	Philip José Farmer	Kilgore Trout
author	Doctor Almasaro, or The Jews of Palermo (original Yiddish title Doctor Almasaro, oder Die Yiden in Palermo) is an historical, dramatic play in rhymed couplets by Abraham Goldfaden, written some time between 1880 and 1883.	Doctor Almasaro	Abraham Goldfaden
author	Seeking Whom He May Devour (French: L’Homme à l’envers, lit. ``The Inside-out Man'') is a crime novel by French writer Fred Vargas.	Seeking Whom He May Devour	Fred Vargas
author	``The Sign of the Triple Distelfink'' is a 1998 Donald Duck comic story by Don Rosa.	The Sign of the Triple Distelfink	Don Rosa
author	Time for Outrage! is the English translation of the bestselling tract Indignez-vous ! by the French diplomat, member of the French Resistance and concentration camp survivor Stéphane Hessel.	Time for Outrage!	Stéphane Hessel
author	Tales of Soldiers and Civilians is a collection of short stories written by Ambrose Bierce.	Tales of Soldiers and Civilians	Ambrose Bierce
author	Mera monster, Alfons! is a 1992 children's book by Gunilla Bergström.	Mera monster, Alfons!	Gunilla Bergström
author	The first edition, All Music Guide to Jazz: the Best CDs, Albums & Tapes, appeared in 1994 and was edited by Ron Wynn with Michael Erlewine and Vladimir Bogdanov (head of the All Music Guide book series).	All Music Guide to Jazz	Ron Wynn	Vladimir Bogdanov
author	Ship Breaker is a 2010 young adult novel by Paolo Bacigalupi set in a post-apocalyptic future.	Ship Breaker	Paolo Bacigalupi
author	A Faithful Narrative of the Surprising Work of God in the Conversion of Many Hundred Souls in Northampton is an essay written in 1737 by Jonathan Edwards about the process of Christian conversion in Northampton, Massachusetts during the Great Awakening, which emanated from Edwards' congregation in 1734.	A Faithful Narrative of the Surprising Work of God in the Conversion of Many Hundred Souls in Northampton	Jonathan Edwards
author	The Belgariad is a five-book fantasy epic written by David Eddings, following the picaresque journey of protagonist 'Garion' and his companions, first to recover a sacred stone, and later to use it against antagonist 'Kal Torak'.	The Belgariad	David Eddings
author	Diwan on the Prince of Emgion (Swedish: Dīwān över Fursten av Emgión) is a 1965 book of poetry by the Swedish writer Gunnar Ekelöf.	Diwan on the Prince of Emgion	Gunnar Ekelöf
author	The Christ Myth, first published in 1909, was a book by Arthur Drews on the Christ myth theory.	The Christ Myth	Arthur Drews
author	Epistulae ad Familiares (Letters to Friends) is a collection of letters between Roman politician and orator Marcus Tullius Cicero and various public and private figures.	Epistulae ad Familiares	Cicero
author	The Genevan Psalter is a collection of metrical psalms created under the supervision of John Calvin for liturgical use by the Reformed churches of the city of Geneva in the sixteenth century.	Genevan Psalter	John Calvin
author	Illness as Metaphor is a 1978 book by Susan Sontag.	Illness as Metaphor	Susan Sontag
award received	Ladislas Ignace de Bercheny (Hungarian: Bercsényi László) (August 3, 1689 in Eperjes, Sáros County, Kingdom of Hungary - January 9, 1778 in Luzancy, France) was a Hungary-born soldier who became Marshal of France.	Ladislas Ignace de Bercheny	Marshal of France
award received	Karl Rettlinger (8 February 1913 -- 14 June 1990) was a Sturmbannführer (Major) in the Waffen-SS who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on the 20 December 1943, for personally destroying 30 Russian tanks on the Eastern Front, including 6 in one attack.	Karl Rettlinger	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Tigran Gharamian (born July 24, 1984 in Yerevan) is an Armenian chess Grandmaster (2009).	Tigran Gharamian	Grandmaster
award received	In the Queen's Birthday Honours on 2004, Hugh Stretton was appointed a Companion of the Order of Australia (AC), at the time the highest honour within the Order of Australia.	Hugh Stretton	Order of Australia
award received	The King of Norway honored Eyvind Skeie as Commander of the Order of St. Olav in 2007.	Eyvind Skeie	Order of St. Olav
award received	In 1969 she received the distinction of being honoured by the Queen, becoming Dame Mary Cartwright, Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire.	Mary Cartwright	Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Carola Oman's 1953 biography of Peninsular War general Sir John Moore (1953) won the James Tait Black Memorial Prize in that year.	Carola Oman	James Tait Black Memorial Prize
award received	Ørjan Johannessen (born 10 August 1985) is a Norwegian chef and the winner of the 2012 Bocuse d'Or Europe held in Brussels in late March 2012.	Ørjan Johannessen	Bocuse d'Or
award received	Paul Thomas Mann ((paʊ̯l toːmas man); 6 June 1875 -- 12 August 1955) was a German novelist, short story writer, social critic, philanthropist, essayist, and the 1929 Nobel Prize in Literature laureate.	Thomas Mann	Nobel Prize in Literature
award received	Frank Hasse (19 October 1917 -- 24 December 1944) was an Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant) in the Waffen SS who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, on 6 August 1944, when in command of the 11th Company, 1st SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment LSSAH.	Frank Hasse	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	In 2007, People in Need awarded Phyu Phyu Thin, along with fellow prisoners Su Su Nway and Nilar Thein, their Homo Homini Award.	Phyu Phyu Thin	Homo Homini Award
award received	Nani Wartabone (30 January 1907 -- 3 January 1986) was a politician from Gorontalo who was declared a National Hero of Indonesia in 2003.	Nani Wartabone	National Hero of Indonesia
award received	Dr. Haren S. Gandhi (May 2, 1941 -- January 23, 2010) was an American inventor and engineer, a recipient of the U.S. National Medal of Technology and Innovation, noted for his research and inventions in the field of automotive exhaust catalysts.	Haren S. Gandhi	National Medal of Technology and Innovation
award received	Twyla Tharp received two Emmy Awards, 19 honorary doctorates, the Vietnam Veterans of America President's Award, the 2004 National Medal of the Arts, and numerous grants including the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Fellowship.	Twyla Tharp	MacArthur Fellowship
award received	Albert Claude (24 August 1899 -- 22 May 1983) was a Belgian medical doctor and cell biologist who shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1974 with Christian de Duve and George Emil Palade.	Albert Claude	Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine
award received	Ilya Pavlovich Mazuruk (Russian: Илья Павлович Мазурук; 20 July 1906 - 2 January 1989) was a pilot, polar explorer, and Hero of the Soviet Union.	Ilya Pavlovich Mazuruk	Hero of the Soviet Union
award received	Nicolae Tătăranu (3 October 1890, Măicănești, Vrancea County - 13 May 1953, Bucharest) was a Romanian Major General during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Nicolae Tătăranu	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Herbert Herden (8 January 1915 -- 11 February 2009) was a German police officer who was declared a Righteous Among the Nations on 17 March 2004.	Herbert Herden	Righteous Among the Nations
award received	Beals Wright was inducted in the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 1956.	Beals Wright	International Tennis Hall of Fame
award received	Klaus von Klitzing (born 28 June 1943, Schroda) is a German physicist, known for discovery of the integer quantum Hall Effect, for which he was awarded the 1985 Nobel Prize in Physics.	Klaus von Klitzing	Nobel Prize in Physics
award received	Robert de Bracquemont or Mosén Rubí de Bracamonte (1340s-1419) was a Norman noblemen, Admiral of France and Castile.	Robert de Bracquemont	Admiral of France
award received	William Northey name was engraved on the Stanley Cup 3 times in 1953, 1956, 1957.	William Northey	Stanley Cup
award received	Fiona Steil-Antoni (born on 10 January 1989 in Niederkorn, Luxembourg) is a chess Woman International Master who has represented Luxembourg in seven Chess Olympiads, winning the individual gold medal in Turin 2006.	Fiona Steil-Antoni	Woman International Master
award received	Emile Deleau, Jr. (June 28, 1923 -- February 2, 1945) was an American soldier who received the Medal of Honor for actions in France during World War II. He joined the Army from Blaine, Ohio in September 1943.	Emile Deleau, Jr.	Medal of Honor
award received	Air Marshal Denis Crowley-Milling, CBE, DSO, DFC, Royal Air Force is appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath.	Denis Crowley-Milling	Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath
award received	André de Laval-Montmorency, seigneur de Lohéac (c. 1408 -- 1485) was a Marshal of France.	André de Laval-Montmorency	Marshal of France
award received	1 January 1918 Major (Temp./Lt. Col.) James George Weir, RFA, was appointed a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG) in recognition of valuable services in connection with the War.	James George Weir	Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George
award received	Wael Ghonim also received the JFK Profile in Courage Award.	Wael Ghonim	Profile in Courage Award
award received	Éric Pras (born 1 March 1972) is a French chef, Meilleur Ouvrier de France (2004), rated three stars by the Guide Michelin.	Éric Pras	Meilleur Ouvrier de France
award received	Group Captain Frank Howard Kirby VC CBE DCM (12 November 1871 -- 8 July 1956) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Frank Howard Kirby	Victoria Cross
award received	Wilhelm Fulda (21 May 1909 -- 8 August 1977) was a highly decorated Hauptmann in the Luftwaffe during World War II, and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Wilhelm Fulda	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Nikolay Novotelnov (Russian: Николай Новотельнов; 9 December 1911, Saint Petersburg -- 30 December 2006, Saint Petersburg) was Russian chess International Master (1951) and author.	Nikolay Novotelnov	International Master
award received	Carl-Axel Acking (March 8, 1910, Helsingborg -- June 12, 2001) was a Swedish architect, author and furniture designer, winner of the Lunning Prize in 1952.	Carl-Axel Acking	Lunning Prize
award received	Thomas J. Higgins (June 8, 1831 -- August 15, 1917) was a Union Army soldier during the American Civil War who was a recipient of America's highest military decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions at the Battle of Vicksburg.	Thomas J. Higgins	Medal of Honor
award received	Johannes Georg Bednorz (born 16 May 1950) is a German physicist who, together with K. Alex Müller, discovered high-temperature superconductivity in ceramics, for which they shared the 1987 Nobel Prize in Physics.	Georg Bednorz	Nobel Prize in Physics
award received	Stepan Bakhaïev (2 February 1922 -- 5 July 1995) was a Soviet Air Force major, flying ace and Hero of the Soviet Union.	Stepan Bakhaïev	Hero of the Soviet Union
award received	Melikset Khachiyan (born 6 July 1970 in Baku) is an Armenian-American Grandmaster of chess, originally from Azerbaijan (then part of the Soviet Union), who now resides in Los Angeles.	Melikset Khachiyan	Grandmaster
award received	Wahidin Soedirohoesodo (1852-1917) was a doctor now regarded as a National Hero of Indonesia.	Wahidin Soedirohoesodo	National Hero of Indonesia
award received	Harold James Plaskett (born Dhekelia, Cyprus, 18 March 1960) was British Chess Champion in 1990, awarded the International Grandmaster title in 1985, and is also a writer, blogger, sometime explorer/cryptozoologist and legal campaigner.	James Plaskett	Grandmaster
award received	Morwenna Donnelly was a British writer who won the John Llewellyn Rhys Prize in 1942 for her ``book-length poem'' Beauty and Ashes.	Morwenna Donnelly	John Llewellyn Rhys Prize
award received	In 1999, Rene Bond was posthumously inducted into the Legends of Erotica Hall of Fame, and is also a member of the AVN Hall of Fame as well as the X-Rated Critics Organization Hall of Fame.	Rene Bond	AVN Hall of Fame
award received	Vlastimil Hort (born 12 January 1944) is a Czechoslovak-born German chess Grandmaster.	Vlastimil Hort	Grandmaster
award received	Armands Krauliņš (born August 16, 1939) is retired Latvian basketball coach and Order of the Three Stars recipient.	Armands Krauliņš	Order of the Three Stars
award received	Pāvils Dreijmanis (born 4 February 1895, Aloja, Russian Empire -- died 21 August 1953, Adelaide, Australia) was a Latvian architect, mayor of Riga, and recipient of the Atzinības krusts (Cross of Recognition) medal and the Order of the Three Stars.	Pāvils Dreijmanis	Cross of Recognition	Order of the Three Stars
award received	Puranam Purushottama Sastri (1925--2010) was an eminent Carnatic musician and winner of Sangeet Natak Akademi Award.	Puranam Purushottama Sastri	Sangeet Natak Akademi Award
award received	Anton Ameiser (1 August 1907 -- 2 February 1976) was an Obersturmbannführer in the Waffen SS during World War II. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.	Anton Ameiser	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	The President's Award for Pride of Performance was awarded to S. B. John for his playback- singing.	S. B. John	Pride of Performance
award received	Maryline Desbiolles (born 1959 in Ugine, Savoie) is a French writer and winner of the Prix Femina, 1999, for Anchise.	Maryline Desbiolles	Prix Femina
award received	Mišo Cebalo (born 6 February 1945, in Zagreb) is a Croatian chess Grandmaster.	Mišo Cebalo	Grandmaster
award received	Amon Simutowe is the first Grandmaster (of the Fédération Internationale des Échecs (FIDE) or World Chess Federation) from sub-Saharan Africa and the third black chess Grandmaster in history, after Maurice Ashley and Pontus Carlsson.	Amon Simutowe	Grandmaster
award received	Dawson was knighted in 1982, becoming a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire (KBE), and known formally as Sir Daryl Dawson.	Daryl Dawson	Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Eliot Frankel (March 27, 1923 -- February 4, 1990) was a three-time Emmy Award recipient as a NBC producer as well as an academic and educator.	Eliot Frankel	Emmy Award
award received	Axel Bachmann Schiavo (born November 4, 1989, in Ciudad del Este) is a Paraguayan chess player who holds the Grandmaster title.	Axel Bachmann	Grandmaster
award received	In October 1989, Günter de Bruyn declined to accept the National Prize of East Germany.	Günter de Bruyn	National Prize of East Germany
award received	Predrag Ostojić (22 February 1938 -- 5 July 1996) was a Yugoslav chess Grandmaster, born in Kraljevo.	Predrag Ostojić	Grandmaster
award received	Corin Hewitt is a recipient of a Rome Prize in 2014/15, a Guggenheim Fellowship in 2011/12 and a Joan Mitchell Foundation Grant in 2010.	Corin Hewitt	Guggenheim Fellowship
award received	Pepetela won the Camões Prize, the world's highest honour for Lusophone literature, in 1997.	Pepetela	Camões Prize
award received	Salvador Alonso (born September 13, 1974 in Buenos Aires) is a chess Grandmaster (2009).	Salvador Alonso	Grandmaster
award received	Mark Bretscher (born Cambridge, England, January 8, 1940) is a British biological scientist and Fellow of the Royal Society.	Mark Bretscher	Fellow of the Royal Society
award received	In 1984, Culture Club won the Brit Award for Best British Group, the Grammy Award for Best New Artist, and Best British Single (``Karma Chameleon'').	Culture Club	Grammy Award for Best New Artist
award received	Willis H. Downs (September 1866--September 15, 1929) was a United States Army private who earned the Medal of Honor during the Philippine--	Willis H. Downs	Medal of Honor
award received	Kenneth Binyavanga Wainaina (born 18 January 1971) is a Kenyan author, journalist and winner of the Caine Prize for African Writing.	Binyavanga Wainaina	Caine Prize
award received	On 7 May 2011, shortly before his death from stomach cancer, Clark Accord was the Surinamese ambassador to the Netherlands on behalf of the President of Suriname, and was awarded the Honorary Order of the Yellow Star.	Clark Accord	Honorary Order of the Yellow Star
cast member	Han Gong-ju (Hangul: 한공주) is a 2013 South Korean film written and directed by Lee Su-jin, starring Chun Woo-hee in the title role.	Han Gong-ju	Chun Woo-hee
cast member	Doodeind (``Deadend'') is a 2006 Dutch horror-thriller film written and directed by Erwin van den Eshof, it stars Victoria Koblenko, Everon Jackson Hooi and Anniek Pheifer.	Doodeind	Victoria Koblenko	Everon Jackson Hooi	Anniek Pheifer
cast member	Bangaru Kodipetta (English: Golden Hen, Telugu: బంగారు కోడి పెట్ట) is a 2014 Romantic Comedy Telugu film directed by Raj Pippalla and produced by Sunitha Tati under Guru Films and starring Navdeep and Swati Reddy in lead roles.	Bangaru Kodipetta	Navdeep	Swati Reddy
cast member	Ming Ming (Chinese: 明明) is a 2006 Hong Kong film directed by Susie Au and starring Zhou Xun, Daniel Wu, Tony Yang and Jeff Chang.	Ming Ming	Zhou Xun	Daniel Wu	Tony Yang	Jeff Chang
cast member	The Astronaut is a 1972 science fiction film starring Jackie Cooper and Monte Markham.	The Astronaut	Jackie Cooper	Monte Markham
cast member	Forest Warrior is a 1996 American adventure film starring Chuck Norris and directed by Norris's brother Aaron Norris.	Forest Warrior	Chuck Norris
cast member	Pulival Kalyanam is a 2003 Malayalam film by Shafi starring Jayasurya and Kavya Madhavan.	Pulival Kalyanam	Jayasurya	Kavya Madhavan
cast member	The Christmas Dream (French: Rêve de Noël) is a 1900 French short silent Christmas film directed by Georges Méliès.	The Christmas Dream	Georges Méliès
cast member	Meet Him and Die (Italian: Pronto ad uccidere, also known as Risking, Pronto!) is a 1976 Italian crime thriller film directed by Franco Prosperi and starring Ray Lovelock, Martin Balsam and Elke Sommer.	Meet Him and Die	Ray Lovelock	Martin Balsam	Elke Sommer
cast member	Kalyana Samayal Saadham (English: Wedding Feast) is a 2013 Indian Tamil romantic comedy film written and directed by RS Prasanna.	Kalyana Samayal Saadham	Prasanna
cast member	In a 2009 interview, Matthew Lillard, who played Stu Macher in Scream, said that he had been contracted to reprise his role in Scream 3 as the primary antagonist, having survived his apparent death, orchestrating new Ghostface attacks from prison on high school students and ultimately targeting Sidney.	Scream 3	Matthew Lillard
cast member	Carnival Nights (Spanish:Noches de cabaret) is a 1978 Mexican comedy drama film directed by Rafael Portillo and starring Jorge Rivero, Sasha Montenegro and Carmen Salinas.	Carnival Nights	Jorge Rivero
cast member	The Forward Pass is a 1929 American Pre-Code football drama musical film directed by Edward F. Cline, starring Douglas Fairbanks Jr and Loretta Young.	The Forward Pass	Douglas Fairbanks	Loretta Young
cast member	Khiladi 786 is a 2012 Indian Hindi Punjabi action comedy film directed by Ashish R Mohan, featuring Akshay Kumar in the title role alongside Asin Thottumkal playing the female lead.	Khiladi 786	Akshay Kumar	Asin
cast member	Hanazakarino Kimitachihe (traditional Chinese: 花樣少年少女; simplified Chinese: 花样少年少女; pinyin: Huā Yàng Shào Nián Shào Nǚ; literally: ``The Tricks of Boys and Girls''), is a 2006 Taiwanese drama starring Ella Chen of S.H.E, Wu Chun and Jiro Wang of Fahrenheit and Danson Tang.	Hanazakarino Kimitachihe	Ella Chen	Jiro Wang	Danson Tang
cast member	Dulhe Raja (Hindi: दुल्हे राजा) is a 1998 Bollywood comedy film starring Govinda., Raveena Tandon, Kadar Khan, Johnny Lever, Prem Chopra and Asrani.	Dulhe Raja	Raveena Tandon	Johnny Lever	Prem Chopra
cast member	Come September is a 1961 romantic comedy film directed by Robert Mulligan, and starring Rock Hudson, Gina Lollobrigida, Sandra Dee and Bobby Darin.	Come September	Rock Hudson	Gina Lollobrigida	Sandra Dee	Bobby Darin
cast member	Martin Hughes-Games, formerly a Springwatch producer, also joined the team in 2009.	Springwatch	Martin Hughes-Games
cast member	A Reason to Live, a Reason to Die (originally titled Una Ragione Per Vivere E Una Per Morire, also known as Massacre at Fort Holman) is a 1972 Technicolor Italian spaghetti western movie starring James Coburn.	A Reason to Live, a Reason to Die	James Coburn
cast member	The Big Broadcast of 1938 is a Paramount Pictures film featuring W.C. Fields and Bob Hope.	The Big Broadcast of 1938	Bob Hope
cast member	Mr. Smith Carries On is a 1937 British crime film directed by Lister Laurance and starring Edward Rigby, Julien Mitchell and H.F. Maltby.	Mr. Smith Carries On	Edward Rigby
cast member	Maine Gandhi Ko Nahin Mara (translated as I Did Not Kill Gandhi) is a 2005 excellent and best Indian film, directed by Jahnu Barua and produced by Anupam Kher.	Maine Gandhi Ko Nahin Mara	Anupam Kher
cast member	Me and My Kid Brother (Danish: Mig og min lillebror) is a 1967 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and starring Dirch Passer.	Me and My Kid Brother	Dirch Passer
cast member	From Italy's Shores is a 1915 American short drama film featuring Harold Lloyd.	From Italy's Shores	Harold Lloyd
cast member	Bombay Clipper is a 1941 film featuring Maria Montez in an early role.	Bombay Clipper	Maria Montez
cast member	Solemn Communion (French: La Communion solennelle) is a 1977 French comedy film directed by René Féret.	Solemn Communion	René Féret
cast member	I Live My Life is a 1935 American comedy-drama film, starring Joan Crawford, Brian Aherne, and Frank Morgan, and is based on the story ``Claustrophobia'' by A. Carter Goodloe.	I Live My Life	Joan Crawford	Brian Aherne	Frank Morgan
cast member	Muqabla is 1993 Hindi film directed by T. Rama Rao and starring Karishma Kapoor, Govinda, Paresh Rawal.	Muqabla	Govinda	Paresh Rawal
cast member	It Happened One Night is a 1934 American Pre-Code romantic comedy film with elements of screwball comedy directed by Frank Capra, in which a pampered socialite (Claudette Colbert) tries to get out from under her father's thumb, and falls in love with a roguish reporter (Clark Gable).	It Happened One Night	Claudette Colbert	Clark Gable
cast member	Feroz Khan acted in several ``small-budge'' costume films like Homi Wadia's Char Dervesh as hero, before he became popular as second lead and later as hero, producer and director in mainstream cinema.	Char Dervesh	Feroz Khan
cast member	Blade Runner is a 1982 American neo-noir science fiction film directed by Ridley Scott, and starring Harrison Ford, Rutger Hauer, Sean Young, and Edward James Olmos.	Blade Runner	Harrison Ford	Rutger Hauer	Sean Young	Edward James Olmos
cast member	A Grande Arte (in English, ``The Great Art''; US title: Exposure), is a 1991 Brazilian movie directed by Walter Salles Jr. and starring Peter Coyote.	A Grande Arte	Peter Coyote
cast member	The Wedding Planner is a 2001 romantic comedy film directed by Adam Shankman, written by Michael Ellis and Pamela Falk, and starring Jennifer Lopez and Matthew McConaughey.	The Wedding Planner	Jennifer Lopez	Matthew McConaughey
cast member	Kanehsatake: 270 Years of Resistance is a 1993 feature-length film documentary film by Alanis Obomsawin, chronicling the 1990 Oka Crisis.	Kanehsatake: 270 Years of Resistance	Alanis Obomsawin
cast member	The Anderson Tapes is a Technicolor 1971 American crime film in Panavision directed by Sidney Lumet, starring Sean Connery and featuring Dyan Cannon, Martin Balsam, and comedian Alan King.	The Anderson Tapes	Sean Connery	Dyan Cannon	Martin Balsam	Alan King
cast member	Post Office Investigator is a 1949 black and white American crime film about the theft of postage stamps, directed by George Blair, and starring Audrey Long, Warren Douglas and Jeff Donnell.	Post Office Investigator	Audrey Long
cast member	By the Shortest of Heads was a 1915 British film starring George Formby as a stableboy who outwits a gang of villains.	By the Shortest of Heads	George Formby
cast member	Surfer, Dude is a 2008 American comedy film starring Matthew McConaughey in the title role directed by S.R. Bindler.	Surfer, Dude	Matthew McConaughey
cast member	Carnival of Souls is a 1962 American independent horror film starring Candace Hilligoss.	Carnival of Souls	Candace Hilligoss
cast member	Brooklyn Babylon is a 2001 film directed by Marc Levin, and a modern retelling of Romeo and Juliet and the Song of Solomon, set in the backdrop of the Crown Heights riot, starring Black Thought of The Roots.	Brooklyn Babylon	Black Thought
cast member	Dear Homeland (German:Teure Heimat) is a 1929 German silent comedy film directed by Carl Wilhelm and starring Renate Müller, Jakob Tiedtke and Hans Albers.	Dear Homeland	Renate Müller
cast member	Two Hearts in Waltz Time (Original title: Zwei Herzen im 3/4 Takt or Zwei Herzen im Dreiviertel Takt, literally Two Hearts in 3/4 Time) is a 1930 German film directed by Géza von Bolváry and starring Walter Janssen, Oskar Karlweis, Willi Forst, Gretl Theimer and S.Z. Sakall.	Two Hearts in Waltz Time	Walter Janssen	Willi Forst
cast member	Mabel's Stormy Love Affair is a 1914 film directed by and starring Mabel Normand, and produced by Mack Sennett.	Mabel's Stormy Love Affair	Mabel Normand
cast member	Lady and Gent is a 1932 American Pre-Code drama film directed by Stephen Roberts and featuring an early supporting role by John Wayne.	Lady and Gent	John Wayne
cast member	The Romance of Max (French: Le Roman de Max) is a 1912 French short silent romantic comedy fantasy film directed by and starring Max Linder for Pathé Frères.	The Romance of Max	Max Linder
cast member	Bashful Felix or Felix is Right on Target (German:Schützenkönig wird der Felix) is a 1934 German comedy film directed by Carl Boese and starring Rudolf Platte, Ursula Grabley and Jakob Tiedtke.	Bashful Felix	Rudolf Platte
cast member	Cool Hand Luke is a 1967 American prison drama film directed by Stuart Rosenberg, starring Paul Newman and featuring George Kennedy in an Oscar-winning performance.	Cool Hand Luke	Paul Newman	George Kennedy
cast member	The Ex-Wives Club was a 2007 American reality television program hosted by Shar Jackson and Marla Maples and Angie Everhart.	The Ex-Wives Club	Shar Jackson	Marla Maples	Angie Everhart
cast member	Thaayin Madiyil (Tamil: தாயின் மடியில், English: In mother's lap) is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role.	Thaayin Madiyil	M. G. Ramachandran
cast member	Deathline (Redline) is a 1997 science fiction, action film starring Rutger Hauer and Yvonne Sciò.	Deathline	Rutger Hauer	Yvonne Sciò
cast member	The North Avenue Irregulars is a 1979 film produced by Walt Disney Productions, distributed by Buena Vista Distribution Company, and starring Edward Herrmann, Barbara Harris, Karen Valentine and Susan Clark.	The North Avenue Irregulars	Edward Herrmann	Barbara Harris	Karen Valentine	Susan Clark
cast member	...ing (Hangul: 아이엔지) is a 2003 South Korean film starring Im Soo-jung, Kim Rae-won and Lee Mi-sook and directed by Lee Eon-hee.	...ing	Kim Rae-won	Lee Mi-sook
cast member	Bride of the Monster is a 1955 sci-fi horror film starring Bela Lugosi, along with Tor Johnson, Tony McCoy and Loretta King.	Bride of the Monster	Bela Lugosi	Tor Johnson	Tony McCoy
cast member	Ragini MMS 2 features Sunny Leone and newcomer Saahil Prem in lead roles in a continuation of the plot from the prequel.	Ragini MMS 2	Sunny Leone
cast member	Motives 2 (also known as Motives 2: Retribution) is a 2007 direct-to-video sequel to the 2004 thriller Motives starring Brian J. White, Vivica A. Fox and Sean Blakemore.	Motives 2	Brian J. White	Vivica A. Fox	Sean Blakemore
cast member	The Dilettante (French: La Dilettante) is a 1999 French comedy film directed by Pascal Thomas and starring Catherine Frot, Sébastien Cotterot and Barbara Schulz.	The Dilettante	Catherine Frot	Sébastien Cotterot	Barbara Schulz
cast member	Working It Out is the story of two single parents, Sarah Marshall (Jane Curtin) and David Stuart (Stephen Collins), who had never seriously contemplated remarriage until they met each other.	Working It Out	Jane Curtin	Stephen Collins
cast member	Taxa K 1640 efterlyses is a 1956 Danish drama film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and starring Poul Reichhardt.	Taxa K 1640 efterlyses	Poul Reichhardt
cast member	Manidharil Ithanai Nirangala! is a 1978 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by R. C. Sakthi and starring Kamal Haasan in the lead role of the protagonist and Sridevi as the female lead.	Manidharil Ithanai Nirangala!	Kamal Haasan	Sridevi
cast member	Der rote Rausch is a 1962 German thriller film directed by Wolfgang Schleif and starring Klaus Kinski.	Der rote Rausch	Klaus Kinski
cast member	Elizabeth R featured many well-known British actors, including Malcolm McFee, Michael Williams, Margaretta Scott, John Woodvine, James Laurenson, Angela Thorne, Brian Wilde, Robin Ellis, Robert Hardy and Peter Egan.	Elizabeth R	Robert Hardy
cast member	Squeeze a Flower is 1970 Australian comedy film directed by Marc Daniels and starring Walter Chiari.	Squeeze a Flower	Walter Chiari
cast member	Daredevil Jack is a 1920 American silent action film serial directed by W. S. Van Dyke and starring heavyweight champion Jack Dempsey.	Daredevil Jack	Jack Dempsey
cast member	Rappadikalude Gatha (English: The Journey of the Nightingales) is a 1978 Malayalam film written by Padmarajan, directed by K. G. George and starring Vidhubala in the lead role.	Rappadikalude Gatha	Vidhubala
cast member	Robot Jox is a 1990 post-apocalyptic science fiction film directed by Stuart Gordon and starring Gary Graham, Anne-Marie Johnson, and Paul Koslo.	Robot Jox	Gary Graham	Anne-Marie Johnson	Paul Koslo
cast member	Johnny Be Good is a 1988 American comedy film directed by Bud Smith, starring Anthony Michael Hall as the main character, Johnny Walker.	Johnny Be Good	Anthony Michael Hall
cast member	The Revelator Collection DVD is a mix of music videos and concert footage of singer-songwriter Gillian Welch and her musical partner David Rawlings.	The Revelator Collection	Gillian Welch	David Rawlings
cast member	The Littlest Outlaw is a live-action film produced by Walt Disney.	The Littlest Outlaw	Walt Disney
cast member	Ocean Heaven (Chinese: 海洋天堂; pinyin: Hǎiyáng Tiāntáng; Jyutping: hoi2 joeng4 tin1 tong4) is a 2010 Chinese-Hong Kong drama film starring martial arts superstar Jet Li in his first full drama role.	Ocean Heaven	Jet Li
cast member	American Reel is a 1999 drama film directed by Mark Archer and starring David Carradine, Michael Maloney, and Mariel Hemingway.	American Reel	David Carradine	Michael Maloney	Mariel Hemingway
cast member	Conflict of Wings is a 1954 British drama film directed by John Eldridge and starring John Gregson, Muriel Pavlow and Kieron Moore.	Conflict of Wings	John Gregson	Muriel Pavlow	Kieron Moore
cast member	Ghauttham is a 2009 Kannada romance film directed by K. Rajeev Prasad and starring Prem Kumar and Sarah in the lead roles with Kokila Mohan, Sudharani and Ananth Nag in other pivotal roles.	Ghauttham	Prem Kumar
cast member	The Safecracker is a 1958 British crime film directed by Ray Milland and starring Ray Milland, Barry Jones and Victor Maddern.	The Safecracker	Barry Jones	Victor Maddern
cast member	13 Lead Soldiers is a 1948 American mystery film starring Tom Conway as Capt. Hugh 'Bulldog' Drummond.	13 Lead Soldiers	Tom Conway
cast member	Dalila Carmo as Florbela Espanca Albano Jerónimo Ivo Canelas	Florbela	Dalila Carmo
cast member	Adventures of the Bengal Lancers (Italian: I tre sergenti del Bengala, Spanish: Tres sargentos bengalíes, also known as Three Sergeants of Bengal) is a 1964 Italian-Spanish adventure film directed by Umberto Lenzi (here credited as Humphrey Humbert) and starring Richard Harrison.	Adventures of the Bengal Lancers	Richard Harrison
cast member	Vendetta... sarda is a 1951 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Walter Chiari.	Vendetta... sarda	Walter Chiari
cast member	Morning Walk (Hindi: मॉर्निंग वॉक) is a Bollywood Hindi movie directed by Arup Dutta featuring Anupam Kher as protagonist.	Morning Walk	Anupam Kher
cast member	Ayyappantamma Neyyappam Chuttu is the story of Monnappan (Master Paul), Rohan (Rohan Pentar) and Meera (Ancy Das) and their effort to unite the separated parents Lal (Parvin Dabas) and Lata (Antara Mali), of Rohan and Meera.	Ayyappantamma Neyyappam Chuttu	Antara Mali
cast member	Conrad in Quest of His Youth is a 1920 American silent comedy drama film directed by William C. deMille and starring Thomas Meighan.	Conrad in Quest of His Youth	Thomas Meighan
cast member	Beast from Haunted Cave is a 1959 horror/heist film directed by Monte Hellman and starring Michael Forest, Frank Wolff and Richard Sinatra.	Beast from Haunted Cave	Michael Forest	Frank Wolff
cast member	Deuce High is a 1926 silent film western directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Buffalo Bill Jr. (aka Jay Wilsey).	Deuce High	Jay Wilsey
cast member	Michael Meisheit, who has been writing for Lindenstraße since 1997, and Irene Fischer, who has been writing for Lindenstraße since 1999.	Lindenstraße	Irene Fischer
cast member	Kung Fu Mahjong 2 (simplified Chinese: 雀圣2自摸天后; traditional Chinese: 雀聖2自摸天后) is a 2005 Hong Kong film directed by Wong Jing and starring Cherrie Ying, Yuen Wah and Yuen Qiu.	Kung Fu Mahjong 2	Cherrie Ying	Yuen Wah	Yuen Qiu
cast member	Laughing Times is a 1980 Hong Kong comedy film written and directed by John Woo and starring Dean Shek as the Chinese Charlie Chaplin.	Laughing Times	Dean Shek
cast member	The popularity of the 1960s Dr. Kildare TV series and its star, Richard Chamberlain, resulted in a number of contemporary tie-in novels by several different authors.	Dr. Kildare	Richard Chamberlain
cast member	The Haller Case (Italian:Il caso Haller) is a 1933 Italian thriller film directed by Alessandro Blasetti and starring Marta Abba, Memo Benassi and Camillo Pilotto.	The Haller Case	Marta Abba	Memo Benassi	Camillo Pilotto
cast member	Souls at Sea is a 1937 American adventure film directed by Henry Hathaway and starring Gary Cooper, George Raft, and Frances Dee.	Souls at Sea	Gary Cooper	George Raft	Frances Dee
cast member	Ente Ammu Ninte Thulasi Avarude Chakki is 1985 family melodrama film in Malayalam language starring Balachandra Menon, Venu Nagavalli and Urvashi.	Ente Ammu Ninte Thulasi Avarude Chakki	Urvashi
cast member	Virumaandi is a 2004 Indian Tamil film written, directed, and starring Kamal Haasan in the title role.	Virumaandi	Kamal Haasan
cast member	Hot Enough for June is a 1964 British spy comedy film directed by Ralph Thomas, and featuring Dirk Bogarde, Sylva Koscina in her English film debut, Robert Morley and Leo McKern.	Hot Enough for June	Dirk Bogarde	Sylva Koscina	Robert Morley	Leo McKern
cast member	Colonel Humphrey Flack starred prolific British actor Alan Mowbray as the Colonel, and Frank Jenks as his sidekick, Uthas P. (``Patsy'') Garvey.	Colonel Humphrey Flack	Alan Mowbray	Frank Jenks
cast member	The Lemon Drop Kid is a 1951 comedy film based on the short story of the same name by Damon Runyon, starring Bob Hope and Marilyn Maxwell.	The Lemon Drop Kid	Bob Hope	Marilyn Maxwell
cast member	Im Banne des Unheimlichen (lit. Under the Spell of the Sinister; English title The Zombie Walks, aka The Hand of Power) is a 1968 West German crime film directed by Alfred Vohrer and starring Joachim Fuchsberger and Siw Mattson.	Im Banne des Unheimlichen	Joachim Fuchsberger
cast member	In Love 'em and Weep Jimmy Finlayson stars as Titus Tillsbury, a successful businessman who is visited by a blackmailing old flame, played by Mae Busch, who later repeated her role in the remake.	Love 'em and Weep	Jimmy Finlayson
cast member	Vigilante Force is a 1976 American action film concerning a Vietnam War veteran (Kris Kristofferson) and his buddies, who are hired by his brother (Jan-Michael Vincent) and others in a small California town for protection from rowdy oil-field workers.	Vigilante Force	Kris Kristofferson	Jan-Michael Vincent
cast member	From the Terrace is a 1960 American drama film directed by Mark Robson and starring Paul Newman, Joanne Woodward, Myrna Loy, Ina Balin, George Grizzard and Leon Ames, with a young Barbara Eden appearing in one scene.	From the Terrace	Paul Newman	Joanne Woodward	Myrna Loy	Ina Balin	George Grizzard	Leon Ames	Barbara Eden
cast member	On My Way to the Crusades, I Met a Girl Who... (Italian: La cintura di castità) is a 1967 Italian comedy film directed by Pasquale Festa Campanile and starring Tony Curtis.	On My Way to the Crusades, I Met a Girl Who...	Tony Curtis
cast member	Aadharshila (English: The Foundation Stone) is a 1982 Hindi film written, produced and directed by Ashok Ahuja, and starring Naseeruddin Shah and Anita Kanwar.	Aadharshila	Naseeruddin Shah	Anita Kanwar
cast member	Judge Barrister Police Commissioner (Bengali: জজ ব্যারিস্টার পুলিশ কমিশনার) is an Dhallywood Bengali film directed and produced by F I Manik.The film features an ensemble cast of Shakib Khan, Razzak, Alamgir, Sohel Rana and Purnima in the lead roles.	Judge Barrister Police Commissioner	Shakib Khan
cast member	The Man with the Claw (Italian:L'uomo dall'artiglio) is a 1931 Italian mystery film directed by Nunzio Malasomma and starring Dria Paola, Carlo Fontana and Elio Steiner.	The Man with the Claw	Dria Paola	Elio Steiner
cast member	Morgen fällt die Schule aus is a 1971 West German comedy film directed by Werner Jacobs and starring Heintje Simons, Hansi Kraus and Rudolf Schündler.	Morgen fällt die Schule aus	Heintje Simons	Rudolf Schündler
cast member	The program starred Candice Bergen as the eponymous Murphy Brown, a famous investigative journalist and news anchor for FYI, a fictional CBS television newsmagazine.	Murphy Brown	Candice Bergen
cast member	One Dollar Too Many is the American release title of I tre che sconvolsero il West, a 1968 Spaghetti Western feature film directed by Enzo G. Castellari and starring Antonio Sabàto, John Saxon, and Frank Wolff.	One Dollar Too Many	Antonio Sabàto	John Saxon	Frank Wolff
cast member	King, Queen, Joker is a 1921 American silent feature farce written and directed by Sydney Chaplin, the elder half-brother of Charlie Chaplin.	King, Queen, Joker	Sydney Chaplin
cast member	Phool Aur Aag is an Action entertainer and Mithun playing the lead role, supported by Jackie Shroff Mithun Chakraborty Jackie Shroff Harish Dalip Tahil Mohan Joshi Kishore Bhanushali Adi Irani Archana Aruna Irani Avtar Gill Ayesha Jhulka(Sp Ap) Shyam Solanki Shiva Rakesh Bedi Pramod Moutho Disha Vakani	Phool Aur Aag	Jackie Shroff Mithun Chakraborty Jackie Shroff Harish
cast member	The English Marriage (German: Die Englische Heirat) is a 1934 German comedy film directed by Reinhold Schünzel and starring Adele Sandrock, Fritz Odemar and Georg Alexander.	The English Marriage	Adele Sandrock	Fritz Odemar	Georg Alexander
cast member	Ball of Fire is a 1941 American screwball comedy film directed by Howard Hawks and starring Gary Cooper and Barbara Stanwyck.	Ball of Fire	Gary Cooper	Barbara Stanwyck
cast member	A Different Approach is a 1978 film starring Michael Keaton.	A Different Approach	Michael Keaton
cast member	Post Box No. 27 is a 1991 Indian Malayalam film, directed by P Anil, starring Mukesh and Siddique in the lead roles.	Post Box No. 27	Mukesh
cast member	We Moderns (1925) is an American silent comedy film directed by John Francis Dillon and starring Colleen Moore.	We Moderns	Colleen Moore
cast member	A Man Called Sarge is a 1990 American parody film, written and directed by Stuart Gillard, starring Gary Kroeger, Marc Singer, Gretchen German and introducing a young Natasha Lyonne.	A Man Called Sarge	Gary Kroeger
cast member	Gangster Story is a 1959 American Film Noir film directed by and starring Walter Matthau.	Gangster Story	Walter Matthau
cast member	Un mandarino per Teo is a 1960 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Walter Chiari.	Un mandarino per Teo	Walter Chiari
cast member	The Shadow Strikes is a 1937 American film directed by Lynn Shores starring Rod La Rocque as Lamont Cranston, The Shadow.	The Shadow Strikes	Rod La Rocque
cast member	Anyay Abichar is a 1985 Bengali-language Indo-Bangladesh feature film directed by Shakti Samanta, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Rozina (actress) and Utpal Dutt.	Anyay Abichar	Mithun Chakraborty	Utpal Dutt
cast member	ASBO Teen to Beauty Queen was a reality television about nine teenagers from Manchester, who were trained by Michelle Fryatt, an American former beauty pageant contestant, to compete in the Miss Teen International 2006 beauty pageant in Chicago.	ASBO Teen to Beauty Queen	Michelle Fryatt
cast member	For a Cop's Hide (French: Pour la peau d'un flic) is a 1981 French crime-thriller film starring and directed by Alain Delon.	For a Cop's Hide	Alain Delon
cast member	Basement Jack is a 2009 American slasher horror film, which was written by Brian Patrick O'Toole and directed by Michael Shelton, it stars Billy Morrison, Tiffany Shepis and Lynn Lowry.	Basement Jack	Billy Morrison	Tiffany Shepis	Lynn Lowry
cast member	Overture to The Merry Wives of Windsor (also known as The Merry Wives of Windsor Overture) is a 1953 American short musical film produced by Johnny Green.	Overture to The Merry Wives of Windsor	Johnny Green
cast member	The White God (German: Der weiße Gott) is a 1932 Danish-German adventure film directed by George Schnéevoigt and starring Paul Richter, Mona Mårtenson and Rudolf Klein-Rogge.	The White God	Paul Richter
cast member	This Side of the Law is an American film noir (1950) directed by Richard L. Bare and featuring Kent Smith, Viveca Lindfors, Robert Douglas and Janis Paige.	This Side of the Law	Kent Smith	Viveca Lindfors
cast member	Come On, Rangers is a 1938 American film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Roy Rogers.	Come On, Rangers	Roy Rogers
cast member	Viva Las Vegas is a 1964 American musical film starring Elvis Presley and actress Ann-Margret.	Viva Las Vegas	Elvis Presley	Ann-Margret
cast member	Seven Murders for Scotland Yard (Spanish:Jack el destripador de Londres) is a 1971 Italian-Spanish crime film directed by José Luis Madrid and starring Paul Naschy, Patricia Loran and Renzo Marignano.	Seven Murders for Scotland Yard	Paul Naschy	Renzo Marignano
cast member	Flaming Frontiers (1938) is a Universal movie serial starring Johnny Mack Brown.	Flaming Frontiers	Johnny Mack Brown
cast member	Together with Aída come her two teenage children, Jonathan and Lorena (David Castillo and Ana María Polvorosa).	Aída	David Castillo	Ana María Polvorosa
cast member	I Was a Male War Bride is a 1949 comedy film directed by Howard Hawks and starring Cary Grant and Ann Sheridan.	I Was a Male War Bride	Cary Grant	Ann Sheridan
cast member	Kasalavu Nesam is a 1999 Tamil comedy television series directed by K. Balachander and starring Venu Arvind.	Kasalavu Nesam	Venu Arvind
cast member	No Wedding Bells is a 1923 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.	No Wedding Bells	Oliver Hardy
cast member	The Wrong Woman is a 1995 film starring Nancy McKeon, Chelsea Field, and Michele Scarabelli, produced by Pierre David, written by Douglas Soesbe, and directed by Douglas Jackson.	The Wrong Woman	Nancy McKeon	Chelsea Field	Michele Scarabelli
cast member	Fast Getaway II is a 1994 direct-to-video action comedy/adventure film, starring Corey Haim, Cynthia Rothrock and Leo Rossi.	Fast Getaway II	Corey Haim
cast member	Watercolor Postcards is a 2012 American Drama written by Conrad Goode, directed by Rajeev Dassani and starring Laura Bell Bundy, Conrad Goode, Bailee Madison, John C. McGinley, Jonathan Banks, and Claudia Christian.	Watercolor Postcards	Conrad Goode	Laura Bell Bundy	Bailee Madison
cast member	The title role of Ratnamala is played by his wife and co-producer Bhanumathi Ramakrishna.	Ratnamala	Bhanumathi Ramakrishna
cast member	The Young Mr Pitt is a 1942 British biographical film, directed by Carol Reed and starring Robert Donat, Robert Morley and John Mills.	The Young Mr Pitt	Robert Donat	Robert Morley
cast member	Tholireyi Gadichindi is a 1977 Telugu film which starrs Murali Mohan, Rajinikanth and Jayachitra in the lead roles.	Tholireyi Gadichindi	Murali Mohan	Rajinikanth	Jayachitra
cast member	I Sell Anything is a 1934 American film directed by Robert Florey and featuring Pat O'Brien as an auctioneer involved with two highly contrasting women:	I Sell Anything	Pat O'Brien
cast member	Bottom of the Sea (Spanish: El fondo del mar) is a 2003 Argentine comedy drama film written and directed by Damián Szifrón and starring Daniel Hendler, Dolores Fonzi and Gustavo Garzón.	Bottom of the Sea	Daniel Hendler	Dolores Fonzi	Gustavo Garzón
cast member	The Island of Desire is a lost 1917 silent film adventure directed by Otis Turner, produced and distributed by Fox Film Corporation and starring George Walsh.	The Island of Desire	George Walsh
cast member	Crime File is a 1999 Malayalam film by K. Madhu starring Suresh Gopi and Sangita.	Crime File	Suresh Gopi	Sangita
cast member	Penny Pinchers (Hangul: 티끌모아 로맨스; RR: Tikkeulmoa Romaenseu; lit. ``Penny-Pinching Romance'' or ``Saving Up for Romance'') is a 2011 South Korean romantic comedy film written and directed Kim Jung-hwan, starring Han Ye-seul and Song Joong-ki.	Penny Pinchers	Han Ye-seul
cast member	National Lampoon Presents Cattle Call is a 2006 National Lampoon comedy film written and directed by Martin Guigui, and starring Thomas Ian Nicholas and Jenny Mollen.	Cattle Call	Thomas Ian Nicholas	Jenny Mollen
cast member	Irene Rich as Lucretia Lombard Monte Blue as Stephen Winship Marc McDermott as sir Allen Lombard Norma Shearer as Mimi Alec B. Francis as Judge Winship John Roche as Fred Winship Lucy Beaumont as Mrs. Winship Otto Hoffman as Sandy, Lombard's servant	Lucretia Lombard	Marc McDermott	Alec B. Francis	Lucy Beaumont	Otto Hoffman
cast member	Structured as a film within a film and largely shot as a mockumentary, The Reenactment stars George Constantin as a prosecutor who keeps in custody two minor delinquents, Vuică and Nicu, played respectively by George Mihăiţă and Vladimir Găitan.	The Reenactment	George Mihăiţă
cast member	Saddle Legion is a 1951 Western film starring Tim Holt.	Saddle Legion	Tim Holt
cast member	Lake Placid Serenade is a 1944 American musical romance film directed by Steve Sekely and starring Vera Ralston, Eugene Pallette and Barbara Jo Allen.	Lake Placid Serenade	Vera Ralston	Eugene Pallette	Barbara Jo Allen
cast member	Three Girls in Paris (Danish: Tre piger i Paris) is a 1963 Danish family film directed by Gabriel Axel and starring Daniel Gélin.	Three Girls in Paris	Daniel Gélin
cast member	Tugboat Annie also features Robert Young and Maureen O'Sullivan as the requisite pair of young lovers.	Tugboat Annie	Robert Young	Maureen O'Sullivan
cast member	Yodelin' Kid from Pine Ridge is a 1937 American Western film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Gene Autry, Smiley Burnette, and Betty Bronson.	Yodelin' Kid from Pine Ridge	Gene Autry	Smiley Burnette	Betty Bronson
cast member	Although having the same title as the 1927 Broadway musical Funny Face by the Gershwin brothers, and featuring the same male star (Fred Astaire), the plot is totally different and only four of the songs from the stage musical are included.	Funny Face	Fred Astaire
cast member	My Heroes Have Always Been Cowboys is a 1991 Western drama film starring Scott Glenn and Kate Capshaw and directed by Stuart Rosenberg.	My Heroes Have Always Been Cowboys	Scott Glenn	Kate Capshaw
cast member	The Uninhibited (Spanish: Los pianos mecánicos) is a 1965 Spanish film directed by Juan Antonio Bardem and starring Melina Mercouri, James Mason and Hardy Kruger.	The Uninhibited	Melina Mercouri	James Mason
cast member	Pájaros de papel (English: Paper Birds) is a 2010 Spanish drama film directed by Emilio Aragón Álvarez, starring Imanol Arias.	Pájaros de papel	Imanol Arias
cast member	Fort Dodge Stampede is a 1951 western film produced and directed by Harry Keller and starring Allan Lane.	Fort Dodge Stampede	Allan Lane
cast member	The Law Rides Again is a 1943 American Western film, directed by Alan James and starring Ken Maynard and Hoot Gibson.	The Law Rides Again	Ken Maynard	Hoot Gibson
cast member	El juego de Arcibel (English: Arcibel's Game), is a 2003 Argentine drama film co-written and directed by Alberto Lecchi and starring Darío Grandinetti and Diego Torres, among others.	El juego de Arcibel	Darío Grandinetti	Diego Torres
cast member	The Bride Wore Boots is a 1946 romantic comedy film with Barbara Stanwyck in the title role, playing opposite Robert Cummings.	The Bride Wore Boots	Barbara Stanwyck	Robert Cummings
cast member	Search for the Gods is a 1975 television film directed by Jud Taylor, and stars Kurt Russell and Stephen McHattie.	Search for the Gods	Kurt Russell
cast member	The Pagemaster is a 1994 American live-action/animated fantasy adventure film starring Macaulay Culkin, Christopher Lloyd, Whoopi Goldberg, Patrick Stewart, Leonard Nimoy, and Frank Welker.	The Pagemaster	Macaulay Culkin	Christopher Lloyd	Whoopi Goldberg	Patrick Stewart	Leonard Nimoy	Frank Welker
cast member	The Red Lantern is a 1919 American silent drama film starring Alla Nazimova, who plays dual roles, and directed by Albert Capellani.	The Red Lantern	Alla Nazimova
cast member	Barbarosa is a 1982 motion picture starring Willie Nelson and Gary Busey about a young cowboy on the run from the law who partners with a famous bandito and learns about life from him.	Barbarosa	Willie Nelson	Gary Busey
cast member	Il Conte di Matera (``The Count of Matera'') is a 1957 Italian adventure film directed by Luigi Capuano and starring Virna Lisi and Otello Toso.	Il Conte di Matera	Virna Lisi
cast member	La Fugue de Monsieur Perle (English title Run Away Mr. Perle) is a French comedy film from 1952, directed by Pierre Gaspard-Huit, written by Loïc Le Gouriadec, starring Noël-Noël and featuring Louis de Funès.	La Fugue de Monsieur Perle	Noël-Noël	Louis de Funès
cast member	The Mystery of Bangalore (German:Das Rätsel von Bangalor) is a 1918 German silent film directed by Alexander Antalffy and Paul Leni and starring Conrad Veidt, Gilda Langer and Harry Liedtke.	The Mystery of Bangalore	Conrad Veidt
cast member	Superdad is a 1973 American comedy film by Walt Disney Productions and starring Bob Crane, Barbara Rush, Kurt Russell, Joe Flynn, and Kathleen Cody.	Superdad	Bob Crane	Barbara Rush	Kurt Russell	Joe Flynn	Kathleen Cody
cast member	She Goes to War is a 1929 silent film starring Eleanor Boardman that was directed by Henry King.	She Goes to War	Eleanor Boardman
cast member	Sivandha Mann (Red Soil), also spelt as Sivantha Mann, is a 1969 Indian Tamil language film with communistic theme directed by C.V. Sridhar that stars Sivaji Ganesan, Kanchana and M. N. Nambiar in the lead roles, while other actors like R. Muthuraman, Nagesh and S. V. Ranga Rao play supporting roles.	Sivandha Mann	Sivaji Ganesan
cast member	Desperate Justice (aka A Mother's Revenge) is a 1993 American film starring Lesley Ann Warren, Bruce Davison, and Shirley Knight.	Desperate Justice	Lesley Ann Warren	Bruce Davison	Shirley Knight
cast member	Mayor of the Sunset Strip is a 2003 documentary film on the life of Rodney Bingenheimer directed by George Hickenlooper, and produced by Chris Carter.	Mayor of the Sunset Strip	Rodney Bingenheimer
cast member	Nerariyum Nerathu is a 1985 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Salaam Chembazhanthy for Sahrudaya Chithra starring Prem Nazir, Shankar and Ratheesh in lead roles, supported by T. G. Ravi, Unnimary and Rohini playing other important roles.	Nerariyum Nerathu	Prem Nazir
cast member	The Umbrella Woman (released in some areas as The Good Wife) is a 1987 film starring Bryan Brown and Rachel Ward.	The Umbrella Woman	Bryan Brown	Rachel Ward
cast member	Two Rode Together Eastman Color (1961) is a western film directed by John Ford, and starring James Stewart, Richard Widmark and Shirley Jones.	Two Rode Together	James Stewart	Richard Widmark	Shirley Jones
cast member	Kiss and Make-Up is a 1934 romantic comedy film starring Cary Grant as a doctor who specializes in making women beautiful.	Kiss and Make-Up	Cary Grant
cast member	Mad About Music is a 1938 American musical film directed by Norman Taurog and starring Deanna Durbin, Herbert Marshall, and Gail Patrick.	Mad About Music	Deanna Durbin	Herbert Marshall	Gail Patrick
cast member	Love, Marilyn is a 2012 American documentary film about Marilyn Monroe's writings produced by Stanley F. Buchthal, Liz Garbus, Amy Hobby, and directed by Garbus.	Love, Marilyn	Marilyn Monroe
cast member	The Fighting Generation is a 1944 propaganda short film or public service announcement produced for the U.S. Treasury Department and intended to boost war bond sales, directed by an uncredited Alfred Hitchcock and starring Jennifer Jones as a nurse's aide.	The Fighting Generation	Jennifer Jones
cast member	The Great Conqueror's Concubine, alternatively known as King of Western Chu, is a historical drama film directed by Stephen Shin and Wei Handao, starring Ray Lui, Rosamund Kwan, Zhang Fengyi and Gong Li.	The Great Conqueror's Concubine	Ray Lui	Rosamund Kwan	Zhang Fengyi	Gong Li
cast member	The Armstrong Lie is a 2013 American documentary film directed by Alex Gibney about the cyclist Lance Armstrong.	The Armstrong Lie	Lance Armstrong
cast member	Spy Game is a 2001 American spy film directed by Tony Scott and starring Robert Redford and Brad Pitt.	Spy Game	Robert Redford	Brad Pitt
cast member	Underground U.S.A. (1980) is a feature-length underground film directed by Eric Mitchell and starring Patti Astor, Rene Ricard, Jackie Curtis, Cookie Mueller, Tom Wright, John Lurie, and Taylor Mead.	Underground U.S.A.	Patti Astor
cast member	Aravind 2 is a Telugu film Directed by Sekhar Suri starring Sri, Maadhavi Latha, Kamal Kamaraju, Srinivas Avasarala and Adonica in the Lead and is a sequel to the Successful movie ``A Film by Aravind''.	Aravind 2	Kamal Kamaraju	Srinivas Avasarala
cast member	Red Butterfly is a postmodern romantic tragedy written & directed by Jon Alston and starring Diogo Morgado, Christine Evangelista, Wilson Jermaine Heredia, Laurence Mason, and Byrdie Bell.	Red Butterfly	Diogo Morgado
cast member	The Right to Strike is a 1923 British silent drama film directed by Fred Paul and starring Lillian Hall-Davis, Fred Paul and Campbell Gullan.	The Right to Strike	Fred Paul	Lillian Hall-Davis	Campbell Gullan
cast member	Private investigator Tracy Steele (Anthony Eisley) and his half-Hawaiian partner, Tom Lopaka (Robert Conrad), own Hawaiian Eye, a combination detective agency and private security firm, located in Honolulu, Hawaii.	Hawaiian Eye	Anthony Eisley	Robert Conrad
cast member	The Zombie King is a British horror comedy film starring Edward Furlong and Corey Feldman.	The Zombie King	Edward Furlong	Corey Feldman
cast member	Penny Serenade is a 1941 film melodrama starring Irene Dunne, Cary Grant, Beulah Bondi, and Edgar Buchanan.	Penny Serenade	Irene Dunne	Cary Grant	Beulah Bondi	Edgar Buchanan
cast member	Hello Darling is a Bollywood comedy film produced by Ashok Ghai and directed by Manoj Tiwari, starring Gul Panag, Isha Koppikar Celina Jaitley and Javed Jaffrey in the lead roles.	Hello Darling	Gul Panag	Javed Jaffrey
cast member	American Ninja V is a 1993 action/adventure sequel starring David Bradley and Lee Reyes.	American Ninja V	David Bradley	Lee Reyes
cast member	The Power of Right is a 1919 British silent war film directed by Floyd Martin Thornton and starring James Knight, Evelyn Boucher and Frank Petley.	The Power of Right	James Knight	Evelyn Boucher
cast member	Terror in the Aisles is a 1984 documentary film about horror films featuring clips from Friday the 13th I and/or II, The Texas Chain Saw Massacre, Halloween I and II, Jaws 1 and 2, Alien, John Carpenter's The Thing, The Shining and Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho and The Birds.	Terror in the Aisles	Alfred Hitchcock
cast member	Should Men Walk Home? is a 1927 film starring Mabel Normand and featuring Oliver Hardy and Eugene Pallette.	Should Men Walk Home?	Mabel Normand	Oliver Hardy	Eugene Pallette
cast member	It Happened in Brooklyn is a 1947 MGM musical romantic comedy film directed by Richard Whorf and starring Frank Sinatra, Kathryn Grayson, Peter Lawford, and Jimmy Durante and featuring Gloria Grahame and Marcy McGuire.	It Happened in Brooklyn	Frank Sinatra	Kathryn Grayson	Peter Lawford	Jimmy Durante	Gloria Grahame
cast member	The Devil's Own is a 1997 American action thriller film starring Harrison Ford, Brad Pitt, Rubén Blades, Natascha McElhone, Julia Stiles, and Treat Williams.	The Devil's Own	Harrison Ford	Brad Pitt	Rubén Blades	Natascha McElhone	Julia Stiles	Treat Williams
cast member	Palangal (Malayalam: പാളങ്ങൾ) is a 1981 Malayalam film written by John Paul Puthusery and directed by Bharathan starring Nedumudi Venu, Zarina Wahab, Bharath Gopi and Shankar.	Palangal	Nedumudi Venu	Zarina Wahab	Bharath Gopi
cast member	With encouragement from his brother-in-law and friend Apro (Frunzik Mkrtchyan), Nahapet reluctantly begins a new relationship with a woman named Noubar (Sofik Sarkisyan).	Nahapet	Frunzik Mkrtchyan
cast member	Hiling (lit. means Wish) is a 1998 Filipino family fantasy film starring the then child stars Camille Prats, Shaina Magdayao and Serena Dalrymple.	Hiling	Camille Prats	Shaina Magdayao	Serena Dalrymple
cast member	Wyoming Outlaw is a 1939 American ``Three Mesquiteers'' Western film starring John Wayne, Ray Corrigan, and Raymond Hatton.	Wyoming Outlaw	John Wayne	Ray Corrigan	Raymond Hatton
cast member	Sssssss (released as Ssssnake in the UK) is a 1973 horror film starring Strother Martin, Dirk Benedict, and Heather Menzies.	Sssssss	Strother Martin	Dirk Benedict	Heather Menzies
cast member	Hababam Sınıfı (The Chaos Class) is a 1975 Turkish comedy film, directed by Ertem Eğilmez based on a novel by Rıfat Ilgaz, featuring an ensemble cast including Kemal Sunal, Tarık Akan and Münir Özkul that tells the adventures of a private school class students who are challenged by the arrival of a new headmaster.	Hababam Sınıfı	Kemal Sunal	Tarık Akan	Münir Özkul
cast member	Behind the Make-Up (1930) is a drama film starring Hal Skelly, William Powell, Kay Francis, and Fay Wray, and based on the short story ``The Feeder'' by Mildred Cram.	Behind the Make-Up	Hal Skelly	William Powell	Fay Wray
cast member	School for Husbands is a 1937 British comedy film directed by Andrew Marton and starring Rex Harrison, Diana Churchill and June Clyde.	School for Husbands	Rex Harrison
cast member	Música en espera (Music on hold) is an Argentine film protagonized by Natalia Oreiro and Diego Peretti.	Música en espera	Natalia Oreiro	Diego Peretti
cast member	Bride of the Gorilla is a 1951 horror B-movie film directed by Curt Siodmak and starring Raymond Burr, Lon Chaney Jr., Barbara Payton and Tom Conway.	Bride of the Gorilla	Raymond Burr	Lon Chaney Jr.	Tom Conway
cast member	And Everything Is Going Fine is a 2010 documentary film directed by Steven Soderbergh about the life of monologist Spalding Gray.	And Everything Is Going Fine	Spalding Gray
cast member	Britannia Hospital is the final part of Anderson's critically acclaimed trilogy of films, written by David Sherwin, that follow the adventures of Mick Travis (portrayed by Malcolm McDowell) as he travels through a strange and sometimes surreal Britain.	Britannia Hospital	Malcolm McDowell
cast member	The Star Reporter is a 1932 British crime drama, directed by Michael Powell and starring Harold French and Garry Marsh.	The Star Reporter	Harold French	Garry Marsh
cast member	A Sheffield Blade is a 1918 British silent drama film directed by Joseph Jay Bamberger and Harry T. Roberts and starring George Foley and Jill Willis.	A Sheffield Blade	George Foley
cast member	Black Listed is a 2003 film directed by Robert Townsend.	Black Listed	Robert Townsend
cast member	The Saphead is a 1920 American comedy film featuring Buster Keaton.	The Saphead	Buster Keaton
cast member	Uranium Boom is a 1956 American film directed by William Castle and starring Dennis Morgan and Patricia Medina.	Uranium Boom	Dennis Morgan	Patricia Medina
cast member	Christian says: 'we were constantly trying to shove a 4 minute scene into a 2 minutes film stock!' Never on Tuesday is Rifkin's directorial debut, an independent film with a small cast that features cameos from many of Rifkin's mainstays such as Cary Elwes, Judd Nelson, and Charlie Sheen.	Never on Tuesday	Judd Nelson
cast member	In 2006, John Lapus, Kris Aquino's close friend and former showbiz reporter on The Buzz, moved to GMA and was officially cast on S-Files.	S-Files	John Lapus
cast member	15 Minutes is a 2001 American action thriller film starring Robert De Niro and Edward Burns.	15 Minutes	Robert De Niro	Edward Burns
cast member	A Gambler's Honor is a 1913 silent film featuring Harry Carey.	A Gambler's Honor	Harry Carey
cast member	Gayathri Maduve (Kannada: ಗಾಯತ್ರಿ ಮದುವೆ) is a 1983 Indian Kannada film, directed by B Mallesh and produced by Lakshman The film stars Anant Nag, Ambika, Roopadevi and Tiger Prabhakar in lead roles.	Gayathri Maduve	Anant Nag
cast member	Tailspin Tommy in the Great Air Mystery is a 12-episode 1935 Universal movie serial based on the Tailspin Tommy comic strip by Hal Forrest and starring Clark Williams, Jean Rogers and Noah Beery, Jr..	Tailspin Tommy in the Great Air Mystery	Clark Williams
cast member	All I Desire is a 1953 drama film directed by Douglas Sirk, starring Barbara Stanwyck as an actress who returns to visit her husband and children after having run off years before.	All I Desire	Barbara Stanwyck
cast member	The Devil Thumbs a Ride is a 1947 film noir directed by Felix E. Feist and featuring Lawrence Tierney and Ted North.	The Devil Thumbs a Ride	Lawrence Tierney
cast member	The Monolith Monsters is a 1957 American black-and-white science fiction film from Universal-International, produced by Howard Christie and directed by John Sherwood, starring Grant Williams and Lola Albright.	The Monolith Monsters	Grant Williams	Lola Albright
cast member	Streets of Blood is a 2009 action-drama film starring Val Kilmer, 50 Cent, Michael Biehn and Sharon Stone.	Streets of Blood	Val Kilmer	50 Cent	Michael Biehn	Sharon Stone
cast member	The Duck Factory is an American sitcom produced by MTM Enterprises that is perhaps most notable for Jim Carrey's first lead role in a Hollywood production.	The Duck Factory	Jim Carrey
cast member	Up Pompeii! is a British television comedy series broadcast between 1969 and 1970, starring Frankie Howerd.	Up Pompeii!	Frankie Howerd
cast member	Kaaval is a 2015 Indian Tamil action film based on a true story, written and directed by Nagendran R. It stars Vimal, Samuthirakani and 'Punnagai Poo' Gheetha, who is also the co-producer.	Kaaval	Vimal
cast member	If It Were Not for Music (German:Wenn die Musik nicht wär) is a 1935 German drama film directed by Carmine Gallone and starring Paul Hörbiger, Willi Schaeffers and Ida Wüst.	If It Were Not for Music	Paul Hörbiger
cast member	La dottoressa preferisce i marinai is a 1981 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini, starring Alvaro Vitali with Gianni Ciardo as a comic duo.	La dottoressa preferisce i marinai	Alvaro Vitali	Gianni Ciardo
cast member	Desperate Journey is a 1942 American World War II action and aviation film starring Errol Flynn and Ronald Reagan, directed by Raoul Walsh.	Desperate Journey	Errol Flynn	Ronald Reagan
cast member	Grand Champion (also released as Buddy's World in Germany) is a 2002 family film, starring Jacob Fisher, George Strait, Emma Roberts and Joey Lauren Adams, about a young boy who wants his calf ``Hokey'' to grow up to be the Grand Champion.	Grand Champion	George Strait	Emma Roberts	Joey Lauren Adams
cast member	Hoffmeyer's Legacy is a 1912 comedy short directed by Mack Sennett and notable for being the first Keystone Cops comedy.	Hoffmeyer's Legacy	Mack Sennett
cast member	If You Are the One (simplified Chinese: 非诚勿扰; traditional Chinese: 非誠勿擾; pinyin: Fēichéng Wùrǎo; literally: ``if not sincere, do not disturb'') is a 2008 Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Feng Xiaogang and starring Ge You and Shu Qi.	If You Are the One	Ge You	Shu Qi
cast member	Dilemma of Two Angels (French:Impasse des Deux Anges) is a 1948 French comedy crime film directed by Maurice Tourneur and starring Paul Meurisse, Simone Signoret and Marcel Herrand .	Dilemma of Two Angels	Paul Meurisse	Simone Signoret	Marcel Herrand
cast member	Naku Penta Naku Taka(English: I Love You I Want You) is a 2014 Malayalam-language Indian film directed by Vayalar Madhavan Kutty and produced by Gokulam Gopalan starring Indrajith Sukumaran, Bhama, Murali Gopy and veteran actor Shankar.	Naku Penta Naku Taka	Indrajith Sukumaran
cast member	Ömer the Tourist in Star Trek (Turkish: Turist Ömer Uzay Yolunda) is a 1973 Turkish cult comedy science-fiction film, produced and directed by Hulki Saner, featuring Sadri Alışık as a Turkish hobo who is beamed aboard the Starship Enterprise.	Ömer the Tourist in Star Trek	Sadri Alışık
cast member	Ché OVNI is a 1968 Argentine science-fiction musical comedy film directed by Aníbal Uset and starring Juan Carlos Altavista, Javier Portales, Jorge Sobral, and Marcela López Rey.	Ché OVNI	Juan Carlos Altavista
cast member	The Doll Maker of Kiang-Ning (German: Der Puppenmacher von Kiang-Ning) is a 1923 German silent fantasy film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Werner Krauss, Lia Eibenschütz and Ossip Runitsch.	The Doll Maker of Kiang-Ning	Werner Krauss	Lia Eibenschütz	Ossip Runitsch
cast member	The Secret of Nikola Tesla (Serbo-Croatian: Tajna Nikole Tesle), is a 1980 Yugoslav biographical film which details events in the life of the discoverer Nikola Tesla (portrayed by Serbian actor Petar Božović).	The Secret of Nikola Tesla	Petar Božović
cast member	The Adventures of Rex and Rinty (1935) is a Mascot film serial starring the equine actor Rex (``The King of Wild Horses'') and canine actor Rin Tin Tin, Jr..	The Adventures of Rex and Rinty	Rin Tin Tin
cast member	Hit-The-Trail Holliday is a lost 1918 silent comedy film directed by Marshall Neilan and starring George M. Cohan in filmization based on his 1915 Broadway play, Hit-the-Trail-Holiday (the spelling of the play differs from the film).	Hit-The-Trail Holliday	George M. Cohan
cast member	Pour Sacha (English title: For Sacha) is a 1991 French romantic drama film directed by Alexandre Arcady and starring Sophie Marceau, Gérard Darmon, and Ayelet Zurer.	Pour Sacha	Sophie Marceau	Gérard Darmon	Ayelet Zurer
cast member	Parlor, Bedroom and Bath is an American Pre-Code comedy film starring Buster Keaton, released by Metro-Goldwyn Mayer in 1931.	Parlor, Bedroom and Bath	Buster Keaton
cast member	Hero and the Terror is a 1988 action film starring martial arts star Chuck Norris, directed by William Tannen.	Hero and the Terror	Chuck Norris
cast member	The Unbelievers is a 2013 documentary film that follows Richard Dawkins and Lawrence Krauss as they speak publicly around the globe about the importance of science and reason in the modern world, encouraging others to cast off religious and politically motivated approaches toward what they think to be important current issues.	The Unbelievers	Richard Dawkins
cast member	Blood Relatives involves the brutal murder of a teenage girl and the subsequent investigation led by Donald Sutherland, reprising his low-key cop role from Klute.	Blood Relatives	Donald Sutherland
cast member	'Bewafai' is a 1985 Hindi film starring Rajesh Khanna and Rajinikanth.	Bewafai	Rajesh Khanna	Rajinikanth
cast member	Confidential Lady is a 1939 British comedy drama film, directed by Arthur B. Woods and starring Ben Lyon and Jane Baxter.	Confidential Lady	Ben Lyon	Jane Baxter
cast member	Released in 1996, the film documents a once-popular punk band, Hard Core Logo, comprising lead singer Joe Dick (Hugh Dillon), fame-tempted guitarist Billy Tallent (Callum Keith Rennie), schizophrenic bass player John Oxenberger (John Pyper-Ferguson), and drummer Pipefitter (Bernie Coulson).	Hard Core Logo	Hugh Dillon	Callum Keith Rennie	John Pyper-Ferguson	Bernie Coulson
cast member	Digby, the Biggest Dog in the World is the titular character of a British children's film with dollops of unexpected satire and comedy released in 1973 starring Jim Dale, and directed by Joseph McGrath.	Digby, the Biggest Dog in the World	Jim Dale
cast member	Forbidden Hours is a 1928 American silent film directed by Harry Beaumont as a vehicle for Mexican-born star Ramon Novarro.	Forbidden Hours	Ramon Novarro
cast member	Nerve and Gasoline is a 1916 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.	Nerve and Gasoline	Oliver Hardy
cast member	Looking Into the Eyes of the Sun (Pogled u zjenicu sunca) is a Croatian film directed by Veljko Bulajić and starring Bata Živojinović, Antun Nalis and Faruk Begolli.	Looking Into the Eyes of the Sun	Bata Živojinović	Antun Nalis	Faruk Begolli
cast member	Busses Roar is a 1942 film directed by D. Ross Lederman and starring Richard Travis and Julie Bishop.	Busses Roar	Richard Travis
cast member	Accusing Evidence is a 1916 American silent Western film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Lon Chaney.	Accusing Evidence	Lon Chaney
cast member	My Brother Talks to Horses is a 1947 Drama directed by Fred Zinnemann, Jackie 'Butch' Jenkins, Peter Lawford and Beverly Tyler.	My Brother Talks to Horses	Jackie 'Butch' Jenkins	Peter Lawford
cast member	Hokuriku Proxy War (北陸代理戦争, Hokuriku dairi sensō) is a 1977 film directed by Kinji Fukasaku and starring Sonny Chiba and Hiroki Matsukata Sonny Chiba Hiroki Matsukata Yumiko Nogawa Mikio Narita Yoko Takahashi Takeo Chii Tatsuo Endo Seizo Fukumoto Hajime Hana Goro Ibuki Nenji Kobayashi Kō Nishimura Junkichi Orimoto Jiro Yabuki	Hokuriku Proxy War	Hiroki Matsukata Sonny Chiba Hiroki Matsukata Yumiko Nogawa Mikio Narita
cast member	The Little Girl Who Lives Down the Lane is a 1976 Canadian-French film directed by Nicolas Gessner and starring Jodie Foster, Martin Sheen, Alexis Smith, Mort Shuman, and Scott Jacoby.	The Little Girl Who Lives Down the Lane	Jodie Foster	Martin Sheen	Alexis Smith	Mort Shuman	Scott Jacoby
cast member	What Women Suffer is a 1911 Australian silent film directed by Alfred Rolfe.	What Women Suffer	Alfred Rolfe
cast member	Squadron Leader X is a 1943 British World War II spy drama, directed by Lance Comfort and starring Eric Portman and Ann Dvorak.	Squadron Leader X	Eric Portman	Ann Dvorak
cast member	Apaaratha is a 1992 Malayalam-language Indian feature film produced and directed by I. V. Sasi, starring Rahman, Sukanya, Urvasi, Siddique and M. G. Soman.	Apaaratha	Rahman
cast member	The Duke Wore Jeans is a 1958 English film by producer Nat Cohen starring Tommy Steele and June Laverick.	The Duke Wore Jeans	Tommy Steele	June Laverick
cast member	Hum Intezaar Karenge is a 1989 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Prabhat Roy, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Padmini Kolhapure, Vinod Mehra, Jagdeep, Shakti Kapoor, Vinod Mehra, Shafi Inamdar and Dina Pathak.	Hum Intezaar Karenge	Mithun Chakraborty	Padmini Kolhapure	Vinod Mehra	Jagdeep	Shakti Kapoor	Shafi Inamdar	Dina Pathak
cast member	Love Likes Coincidences (Turkish: Aşk Tesadüfleri Sever) is a 2011 Turkish drama film, directed by Ömer Faruk Sorak, starring Mehmet Günsür and Belçim Bilgin Erdoğan as star crossed lovers whose lives are intertwined by a series of coincidences.	Love Likes Coincidences	Mehmet Günsür	Belçim Bilgin
cast member	Naalamkettile Nalla Thampimar is a 1996 Indian Malayalam film directed by Sree Prakash and starring Kalabhavan Mani and Anusha in the lead roles.	Naalamkettile Nalla Thampimar	Kalabhavan Mani
cast member	Lauro Puñales (``Lauro Daggers'') is a 1969 historical drama film directed by René Cardona, and starring Antonio Aguilar, Flor Silvestre, and Jaime Fernández.	Lauro Puñales	Antonio Aguilar	Flor Silvestre	Jaime Fernández
cast member	The Night Belongs to Us (German:Die Nacht gehört uns), released in English as The Night Is Ours or The Night Belongs to Us, is a 1929 German sports romance film directed by Carl Froelich and Henry Roussel, and starring Hans Albers, Charlotte Ander, and Otto Wallburg.	The Night Belongs to Us	Hans Albers	Charlotte Ander	Otto Wallburg
cast member	The Taxi Dancer is a 1927 silent comedy film starring Joan Crawford and Douglas Gilmore.	The Taxi Dancer	Joan Crawford
cast member	Gokulathil Seethai is a 1996 Tamil drama film directed by Agathiyan, starring Karthik, Suvalakshmi and Karan in the lead roles.	Gokulathil Seethai	Karthik	Suvalakshmi	Karan
cast member	It starred Deborra-Lee Furness as prison psychologist Louisa Correlli.	Correlli	Deborra-Lee Furness
cast member	Cool Runnings is a 1993 American sports film directed by Jon Turteltaub, and starring Leon, Doug E. Doug, Rawle D. Lewis, Malik Yoba and John Candy.	Cool Runnings	Doug E. Doug	Rawle D. Lewis	John Candy
cast member	Red Quay was one of the many successful collaborations between director Toshio Masuda and actor Yujiro Ishihara which defined the Nikkatsu action film genre.	Red Quay	Yujiro Ishihara
cast member	A Family Secret earned two Genie Award nominations (Genie Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role for Ginette Reno and Genie Award for Best Original Screenplay) and won a Stony Brook Film Festival award for Best Feature.	A Family Secret	Ginette Reno
cast member	Ethan Mao (Jun Hee Lee) is an Asian gay teen who is kicked out of his house after his stepmother Sarah (Julia Nickson-Soul) finds a gay pornographic magazine in his room and shows it to his father.	Ethan Mao	Jun Hee Lee	Julia Nickson-Soul
cast member	Karan Arjun is a 1995 Indian action thriller drama film starring Shahrukh Khan, Salman Khan, Raakhee, Mamta Kulkarni, Kajol, Amrish Puri, Aashif Sheikh and Ranjeet.	Karan Arjun	Salman Khan	Mamta Kulkarni	Kajol	Amrish Puri	Ranjeet
cast member	Wife For a Night (Italian: Moglie per una notte) is a 1952 Italian film starring Gina Lollobrigida.	Wife For a Night	Gina Lollobrigida
cast member	Ek Saudagar is a 1985 Hindi film which starred Rajinikanth and Sharat Saxena.	Ek Saudagar	Rajinikanth	Sharat Saxena
cast member	Boîte à vendre, is a French comedy film from 1951, directed by Claude André Lalande, written by Jean Broussolle, starring Jeannette Allouin and Louis de Funès.	Boîte à vendre	Louis de Funès
cast member	Rebellion in Patagonia (Spanish: La Patagonia rebelde) is a 1974 Argentine drama-historical film directed by Héctor Olivera and starring Héctor Alterio, Luis Brandoni, José Soriano and Federico Luppi.	Rebellion in Patagonia	Héctor Alterio	Luis Brandoni	Federico Luppi
cast member	This Freedom is a 1923 British silent drama film directed by Denison Clift and starring Fay Compton, Clive Brook and John Stuart.	This Freedom	Fay Compton	Clive Brook	John Stuart
cast member	My Cactus Heart (stylized as #MyCactusHeart) is a 2012 Filipino romantic comedy film directed by Enrico Santos, starring Maja Salvador, Matteo Guidicelli, and introducing Xian Lim.	My Cactus Heart	Xian Lim
cast member	Three Hats for Lisa is a 1965 British musical comedy film directed by Sidney Hayers and starring Joe Brown, Sid James, Sophie Hardy, Una Stubbs and Dave Nelson.	Three Hats for Lisa	Joe Brown
cast member	The story is that of a rich medical student, Kannamma - played by Meena - who falls in love with Anandan (Premkumar) after he saves her from an acid attack by her driver, Babu (Karate Raja).	Kannamma	Meena
cast member	Lucille Love, Girl of Mystery is a 1914 American action film serial directed by Francis Ford.	Lucille Love, Girl of Mystery	Francis Ford
cast member	A Man Called Peter is a 1955 American drama film directed by Henry Koster and starring Richard Todd.	A Man Called Peter	Richard Todd
cast member	Playthings of Desire is a surviving 1924 American silent melodrama film produced and directed by Burton L. King and starring Estelle Taylor.	Playthings of Desire	Estelle Taylor
cast member	Mawali No.1 is a 2002 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Leela V Prasad, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Ranjeet and Sadashiv Amrapurkar	Mawali No.1	Mithun Chakraborty
cast member	Starring Nanette Fabray, the series was also known as The Nanette Fabray Show, Westinghouse Playhouse Starring Nanette Fabray and Wendell Corey, and ran under the title Yes, Yes Nanette in syndication.	Westinghouse Playhouse	Nanette Fabray	Wendell Corey
cast member	Shubhamangala (Kannada: ಶುಭಮಂಗಳ) is a 1975 Indian Kannada language film directed by Puttanna Kanagal, based on a novel of the same name by Vani, and starring Aarathi and Srinath in lead roles.	Shubhamangala	Aarathi	Srinath
cast member	All Our Saturdays is a British sitcom starring Diana Dors that aired in 1973.	All Our Saturdays	Diana Dors
cast member	Defeat of the Mafia (Italian: Scacco alla mafia) is an Italian noir-crime film directed by Warren Kiefer and starring Victor Spinetti and Maria Pia Conte.	Defeat of the Mafia	Victor Spinetti	Maria Pia Conte
cast member	Saadhanai (English: Achievement) is a 1986 Indian Tamil film directed by A. S. Pragasam, starring Sivaji Ganesan, his son Prabhu Ganesan, K. R. Vijaya and Nalini in primary roles.	Saadhanai	Sivaji Ganesan	Prabhu Ganesan	K. R. Vijaya	Nalini
cast member	Sky Commando is a 1953 American adventure film released by Columbia Pictures, directed by Fred F. Sears and starring Dan Duryea, Frances Gifford and Mike Connors (credited as ``Touch Conners'').	Sky Commando	Dan Duryea
cast member	The Guillotines is a 2012 Chinese-Hong Kong wuxia film directed by Andrew Lau, starring Huang Xiaoming, Ethan Juan, Shawn Yue, Li Yuchun and Jing Boran.	The Guillotines	Huang Xiaoming	Ethan Juan	Shawn Yue	Li Yuchun	Jing Boran
cast member	Terror Tract is a 2000 anthology dark comedy/horror film featuring John Ritter as a real-estate agent trying to sell a variety of houses to a young couple; each with a horror story associated with it.	Terror Tract	John Ritter
cast member	My Two Dads is an American sitcom that starred Staci Keanan, Paul Reiser and Greg Evigan.	My Two Dads	Staci Keanan	Paul Reiser	Greg Evigan
cast member	The Woman Accused is a 1933 American Pre-Code drama film starring Nancy Carroll and Cary Grant as a young engaged couple on a sea cruise, with the woman being implicated in the death of her former lover.	The Woman Accused	Nancy Carroll	Cary Grant
cast member	Strait-Jacket is a 1964 American thriller film starring Joan Crawford and Diane Baker in a macabre mother and daughter tale about a series of axe-murders.	Strait-Jacket	Joan Crawford	Diane Baker
cast member	The Big Country is a 1958 American epic Western film directed by William Wyler and starring Gregory Peck, Jean Simmons, Carroll Baker, Charlton Heston and Burl Ives.	The Big Country	Gregory Peck	Jean Simmons	Carroll Baker	Charlton Heston	Burl Ives
cast member	The Big Catch is a 1920 short Western film released by the Universal Film Mfg. Co. (later to become Universal Pictures), written by Ford Beebe, directed by Leo D. Maloney and starring Hoot Gibson.	The Big Catch	Hoot Gibson
cast member	The Lieutenant Wore Skirts is a 1956 film directed by Frank Tashlin and starring Tom Ewell, Sheree North, and Rita Moreno.	The Lieutenant Wore Skirts	Tom Ewell	Sheree North	Rita Moreno
cast member	The Comedy is a 2012 drama film directed and co-written by Rick Alverson, and starring Tim Heidecker.	The Comedy	Tim Heidecker
cast member	Ghost Punting (Chinese: 五福星撞鬼), also known as Lucky Stars Ghost Encounter, is a 1992 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by and starring Sammo Hung.	Ghost Punting	Sammo Hung
cast member	The Winning of Barbara Worth is a 1926 American Western silent film directed by Henry King and starring Ronald Colman, Vilma Bánky, and Gary Cooper (replacing Monte Blue, busy with Ernst Lubitsch's So This Is Paris) in his first feature role.	The Winning of Barbara Worth	Ronald Colman	Vilma Bánky	Gary Cooper
cast member	Mata Hari, Agent H21 (Italian:Mata-Hari, agente segreto H21) is a 1964 French-Italian spy film directed by Jean-Louis Richard and starring Jeanne Moreau, Jean-Louis Trintignant and Claude Rich.	Mata Hari, Agent H21	Jeanne Moreau	Jean-Louis Trintignant	Claude Rich
cast member	Avrupalı is a 2007 Turkish comedy film directed by Ulaş Ak, starring Cem Davran, Yasemin Kozanoğlu, Sema Öztürk, İlknur Soydaş and Aydemir Akbaş.	Avrupalı	Yasemin Kozanoğlu
cast member	This Is Not Paradise (Italian: Qui non è il paradiso) is a 2000 Italian neo-noir film written and directed by Gianluca Maria Tavarelli and starring Fabrizio Gifuni.	This Is Not Paradise	Fabrizio Gifuni
cast member	Manasu Palike Mouna Raagam is a Telugu film starring Sneha and Vikramaditya in the lead.	Manasu Palike Mouna Raagam	Sneha
cast member	Fleet of Time (Chinese: 匆匆那年), released as Back in Time in North America, is an 2014 Chinese romance film directed by Zhang Yibai and starring an ensemble cast of Eddie Peng, Ni Ni, Zheng Kai, Wei Chen and Zhang Zixuan.	Fleet of Time	Eddie Peng
cast member	Kankan De Ohle (Punjabi: ਕਣਕਾਂ ਦੇ ਓਹਲੇ) is a 1971 Punjabi film directed by Omi Bedi, starring Ravinder Kapoor, Indira, Jeevan, Uma Dutt, Mumtaz Begum and others with the guest appearance of Dharmendra and Asha Parekh.	Kankan De Ohle	Jeevan	Dharmendra	Asha Parekh
cast member	Popatopolis is a 2009 documentary film directed by Clay Westervelt about the making of Jim Wynorski's soft-core horror film, The Witches of Breastwick.	Popatopolis	Jim Wynorski
cast member	Humko Deewana Kar Gaye (translation: You Made Me Crazy) is a 2006 Bollywood romantic drama film directed, produced by Raj Kanwar, Bhushan Kumar & Kishan Kumar and stars Akshay Kumar and Katrina Kaif.	Humko Deewana Kar Gaye	Akshay Kumar	Katrina Kaif
cast member	Don't Tell Mom the Babysitter's Dead is a 1991 American comedy film directed by Stephen Herek and starring Christina Applegate, Joanna Cassidy, Josh Charles, and David Duchovny.	Don't Tell Mom the Babysitter's Dead	Christina Applegate	Joanna Cassidy	Josh Charles	David Duchovny
cast member	Barely Lethal is a 2015 American independent action comedy film directed by Kyle Newman and written by John D'Arco, starring Hailee Steinfeld, Sophie Turner, Jessica Alba, and Samuel L. Jackson.	Barely Lethal	Hailee Steinfeld
cast member	The film also stars Talia Shire as Adrian, Burt Young as Adrian's brother Paulie, Burgess Meredith as Rocky's trainer Mickey Goldmill, and Carl Weathers as the champion, Apollo Creed.	Rocky	Talia Shire	Burt Young	Burgess Meredith	Carl Weathers
cast member	Mr. Wise Guy is a 1942 American film starring The East Side Kids and directed by William Nigh.	Mr. Wise Guy	East Side Kids
cast member	Don't Take It to Heart is a 1944 British comedy film directed by Jeffrey Dell and starring Richard Greene, Alfred Drayton, Moore Marriott and Patricia Medina.	Don't Take It to Heart	Richard Greene	Alfred Drayton	Moore Marriott	Patricia Medina
cast member	What Is the Matter with Willi? (German:Was ist denn bloß mit Willi los) is a 1970 German comedy film directed by Werner Jacobs and starring Heinz Erhardt, Ralf Wolter and Ruth Stephan.	What Is the Matter with Willi?	Heinz Erhardt	Ralf Wolter	Ruth Stephan
cast member	Sea Patrol also marked the return of Lisa McCune to television acting.	Sea Patrol	Lisa McCune
cast member	Under Fiesta Stars is a 1941 American Western film directed by Frank McDonald and starring Gene Autry, Smiley Burnette, and Carol Hughes.	Under Fiesta Stars	Gene Autry	Smiley Burnette
cast member	Mannin Maindhan is a 2005 Indian Tamil film, directed by Rama Narayanan, starring Sibiraj and Adhu fame Suhain lead roles.	Mannin Maindhan	Sibiraj
cast member	The movie is a remake of the 1936 Frank Capra film Mr. Deeds Goes to Town, and also stars Peter Gallagher, John Turturro, Allen Covert, and Steve Buscemi.	Mr. Deeds	Peter Gallagher	John Turturro	Allen Covert	Steve Buscemi
cast member	I'll Take Sweden is a 1965 comedy film directed by Frederick de Cordova, and starring Bob Hope, Frankie Avalon, and Tuesday Weld.	I'll Take Sweden	Bob Hope	Frankie Avalon	Tuesday Weld
cast member	Raimundo Pedrosa (voiced by Tom Kenny in Xiaolin Showdown, and Eric Bauza in Xiaolin Chronicles) --	Xiaolin Showdown	Tom Kenny
cast member	Vice Raid is a 1960 B-movie crime drama starring Mamie Van Doren and Richard Coogan.	Vice Raid	Mamie Van Doren	Richard Coogan
cast member	Manthiri Kumari (English: The Minister's Daughter) is a 1950 Indian Tamil historical fiction film directed by Ellis R. Dungan and starring M. G. Ramachandran and M. N. Nambiar.	Manthiri Kumari	M. G. Ramachandran	M. N. Nambiar
cast member	Marhuľový ostrov (``Apricot Island'') is a 2011 Slovak drama-romance, starring Szidi Tobias.	Marhuľový ostrov	Szidi Tobias
cast member	With Children at the Seaside (Bulgarian: С деца на море / S detsa na more) is a Bulgarian anthology comedy film released in 1972, directed by Dimitar Petrov, starring Georgi Partsalev, Petar Peychev and Ivaylo Dzhambazov.	With Children at the Seaside	Georgi Partsalev
cast member	Absence of the Good is a 1999 film starring Stephen Baldwin and directed by John Flynn.	Absence of the Good	Stephen Baldwin
cast member	Baron Carlo Mazza (Italian:Il barone Carlo Mazza) is a 1948 Italian musical comedy film directed by Guido Brignone and starring Nino Taranto, Silvana Pampanini and Enzo Turco.	Baron Carlo Mazza	Nino Taranto	Silvana Pampanini	Enzo Turco
cast member	Manon 70 is a 1968 French (French-Italian-German co-production) film starring Catherine Deneuve, Jean-Claude Brialy and Sammy Frey.	Manon 70	Catherine Deneuve	Jean-Claude Brialy
cast member	Endendigu (Kannada: ಎಂದೆಂದಿಗೂ) is a 2015 Indian Kannada romantic thriller film written directed by Imran Sardhariya, and stars Ajay Rao and Radhika Pandit in the lead roles.	Endendigu	Ajay Rao
cast member	Battle of the V-1 (also known as Battle of the V.1, Battle of the V1, Missiles from Hell and Unseen Heroes) is a British war film from 1958, starring Michael Rennie, Patricia Medina, Milly Vitale, David Knight and Christopher Lee.	Battle of the V-1	Michael Rennie	Patricia Medina	Christopher Lee
cast member	Hillbillys in a Haunted House is a 1967 American horror comedy film starring Ferlin Husky and Joi Lansing, and directed by Jean Yarbrough.	Hillbillys in a Haunted House	Ferlin Husky
cast member	No. 3 (넘버3) is a 1997 South Korean gangster comedy film starring Han Suk-kyu as the titular no. 3 man of a gangster organization who's aspiring to rise up the ranks and become the leader of his own gang.	No. 3	Han Suk-kyu
cast member	Mr. 420 is a 2012 Indian Kannada romantic comedy film starring Ganesh and Pranitha Subhash in the lead.	Mr. 420	Ganesh	Pranitha Subhash
cast member	World Crisis (Spanish:Crisis mundial) is a 1934 Spanish romantic comedy film directed by Benito Perojo and starring Antoñita Colomé, Miguel Ligero and Ricardo Nunez.	World Crisis	Antoñita Colomé
cast member	...denn die Musik und die Liebe in Tirol is a 1963 West German musical comedy film directed by Werner Jacobs and starring Vivi Bach, Claus Biederstaedt and Hannelore Auer.	...denn die Musik und die Liebe in Tirol	Vivi Bach	Claus Biederstaedt	Hannelore Auer
cast member	The Busher is a 1919 American drama film directed by Jerome Storm featuring Colleen Moore, and produced by Thomas H. Ince.	The Busher	Colleen Moore
cast member	Take Home Chef is a half-hour reality cooking show starring Curtis Stone.	Take Home Chef	Curtis Stone
child	Hugo de los Reyes Chávez (born January 6, 1933) is a Venezuelan state politician and the father of the late former Venzuelan president Hugo Chávez.	Hugo de los Reyes Chávez	Hugo Chávez
child	When Minh Mạng died, he left the throne to his son, Emperor Thiệu Trị, who was more rigidly Confucianist and anti-imperialist than his father.	Minh Mạng	Thiệu Trị
child	After retiring from racing Bona Vista became a successful stallion, siring Ascot Gold Cup winner Cyllene.	Bona Vista	Cyllene
child	Bettenhausen was the father of Gary Bettenhausen, Tony Bettenhausen, Jr. and Merle Bettenhausen.	Tony Bettenhausen	Gary Bettenhausen
child	The son of Matthieu van Plattenberg, known as Nicolas de Plattemontagne, was a painter and a pupil of Philippe de Champaigne.	Matthieu van Plattenberg	Nicolas de Plattemontagne
child	Judy Shepard (née Peck; born 1952) is the mother of Matthew Shepard, a 21-year-old student at University of Wyoming who was murdered in October 1998 in what became one of the most high-profiled cases highlighting hate-crimes against LGBT people.	Judy Shepard	Matthew Shepard
child	Millard Powers Fillmore (1828--1889) Mary Abigail Fillmore (1832--1854) Attaining prosperity at last, Fillmore bought his family a six-room house in Buffalo, New York.	Abigail Fillmore	Millard Powers Fillmore
child	In 1959, Joel McCrea and his son Jody McCrea starred in the NBC-TV series Wichita Town, which lasted only one season.	Joel McCrea	Jody McCrea
child	Deng Ai then carried out his own plan with his son Deng Zhong and troops and it turned out to be a great success.	Deng Ai	Deng Zhong
child	Together they have two sons, LeBron James, Jr. (nicknamed ``Bronny'') born October 6, 2004 and Bryce Maximus James born June 14, 2007, and one daughter, Zhuri James.	LeBron James	Bryce Maximus James	Zhuri James
child	Sun Kuang's son, Sun Tai (孫泰), was born to Cao Cao's niece (whom Sun Kuang married), and served as a ``Colonel of Changshui'' (長水校尉) under his uncle, Sun Quan.	Sun Kuang	Sun Tai
child	After his death, sultan Bolkiah was succeeded by his son, Abdul Kahar.	Bolkiah	Abdul Kahar
child	Meanwhile, Helian Bobo sent his crown prince Helian Gui, another son Helian Chang, and Wang Maide to command armies south, not initially engaging Jin forces but isolating Chang'an from the rest of Jin territory--a task made easier when Liu Yizhen recalled Jin forces near Chang'an all to Chang'an.	Helian Bobo	Helian Chang
child	Anaxandridas II (Greek: Ἀναξανδρίδας) was a king of Sparta between 560 and 525 BC, father of famous Leonidas I and grandfather of Pleistarchus.	Anaxandridas II	Leonidas I
child	Many Egyptologists believe that Huni was the father and direct predecessor of king Sneferu, but this is questioned by other scholars.	Huni	Sneferu
child	Isetnofret (or Isis-nofret or Isitnofret) (Ancient Egyptian: ``the beautiful Isis'') was one of the Great Royal Wives of Pharaoh Ramesses II and was the mother of his heir, Merneptah.	Isetnofret	Ramesses	Merneptah
child	He was the son of Jan van de Velde the Elder and the father of the still life painter Jan Jansz van de Velde.	Jan van de Velde	Jan Jansz van de Velde
child	The later Books of Chronicles identify Shebuel as a ``son'' of Gershom, though this is anachronistic for a literal interpretation of the bible because Shebuel is described as living in the time of King David.	Gershom	Shebuel
child	Sarah Newton (b. 1833) ; married doctor Philip Smith Mary Willoughby Newton (b. 1835); died young Willoughby Newton III (1837 -- 20 June 1897); married Elizabeth Lewis Marshall (1841--1888) John B. Newton (7 Feb 1839 -- 28 May 1897);	Willoughby Newton	John B. Newton
child	William Cockerill had three sons William Cockerill (eldest), Charles James Cockerill and John Cockerill.	William Cockerill	John Cockerill
child	After getting his half-uncle, Han Wan, to kill an escaping Marquis Ai of Jin, The Zhou king ensured that Ai's son, Marquis Xiaozi of Jin, became the next ruler of Jin.	Marquis Ai of Jin	Marquis Xiaozi of Jin
child	The relationship between Djoser and his successor, Sekhemkhet, is not known, and the date of his death is uncertain.	Djoser	Sekhemkhet
child	Sima You's son, Sima Jiong, was one of the eight princes involved in the War of the Eight Princes during the Jin Dynasty.	Sima You	Sima Jiong
child	According to the Chronicle of Dalimil, Neklan had two sons, Hostivít and Děpolt.	Neklan	Hostivít
child	He died on October 24, 1958, age 67, in Frankfurt am Main, Germany A foundation named Carl-Hans Graf von Hardenberg was created in 1997 by his daughter Astrid Gräfin von Hardenberg.	Carl-Hans Graf von Hardenberg	Astrid Gräfin von Hardenberg
child	Zhang Fei's eldest son, Zhang Bao, died at a young age.	Zhang Fei	Zhang Bao
child	Some sources also give Tithonos and Hesperus as children of Cephalus and Eos.	Cephalus	Hesperus
child	LaYaka Ndwandwe was the Queen Regent of Swaziland briefly in 1780 after the death of Ngwane III until Ndvungunye became the king of Swaziland.	LaYaka Ndwandwe	Ngwane III
child	Djer fathered Merneith, wife of Djet and mother of Den. Women carrying titles later associated with queens such as Great One of the Hetes-Sceptre and She who Sees/Carries Horus were buried in subsidiary tombs near the tomb of Djer in Abydos or attested in Saqqara.	Djer	Merneith	Djet
child	Béatrice of Vermandois (c. 880 -- after March 26, 931), a Carolingian aristocrat, the wife of Robert I, King of France, and mother of Hugh the Great.	Béatrice of Vermandois	Hugh the Great
child	Great Nephew sired many stakes winners, such as like Champion Canadian Mare Carotene and ill-fated Derby winner Shergar.	Great Nephew	Shergar
child	His government is considered by the Deuteronomistic historian, as having been disastrous to the religious state of the country; and a large part of the reforming work of his son Hezekiah was aimed at undoing the evil that Ahaz had done.	Ahaz	Hezekiah
child	Ma Chao had a second wife, Lady Dong (董氏), who bore him a son, Ma Qiu (馬秋).	Ma Chao	Ma Qiu
child	As Murong Sheng arrived at Longcheng, his wife Princess Lan further bowed not only to her father but her brothers as well, begging for Murong Sheng's life, and she was joined by Lan Han's wife Lady Yi.	Lan Han	Princess Lan
child	Their son Christopher Buchholz, also an actor and the producer of the feature-length documentary Horst Buchholz...	Horst Buchholz	Christopher Buchholz
child	Ordinary Consort Irgen Gioro (伊爾根覺羅), who bore Hong Taiji one son (Cangšu).	Hong Taiji	Cangšu
child	Svein Bakke was the father of former Leeds United and Norway midfielder Eirik Bakke, who is currently Sogndal's manager.	Svein Bakke	Eirik Bakke
child	Arminius, the Cheruscan noble and military leader, had married Thusnelda, Segestes' daughter, against her father's will.	Segestes	Thusnelda
child	Oedipus and Jocasta had four children: two sons, Eteocles and Polynices (see Seven Against Thebes), and two daughters, Antigone and Ismene.	Oedipus	Eteocles	Polynices	Ismene
child	Nero, the last emperor of Augustus' dynasty, was a grandson of Germanicus on the side of his mother, Agrippina the Younger.	Germanicus	Agrippina the Younger
country	The Pardo River (Mato Grosso do Sul) (Portuguese, Rio Pardo) is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.	Pardo River (Mato Grosso do Sul)	Brazil
country	The Swan Brewery is a brewing company, whose brewery was located in Perth, Western Australia.	Swan Brewery	Australia
country	In 2013, Broadland was announced as the most peaceful locality within the United Kingdom, having the lowest level of violent crime than anywhere else within the country.	Broadland	United Kingdom
country	The Sir John Sulman Prize is one of Australia's longest-running art prizes, having been established in 1936.	Sir John Sulman Prize	Australia
country	Segovia Cathedral is the Gothic-style, Roman Catholic cathedral located in the main square (Plaza Mayor) of the city of Segovia, in the autonomous community of Castile-Leon, Spain.	Segovia Cathedral	Spain
country	Zelilan (Persian: ذليلان‎, also Romanized as Z̄elīlān; also known as Zelīān) is a village in Solduz Rural District, in the Central District of Naqadeh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zelilan	Iran
country	Štúrovo (Hungarian: Párkány, German: Gockern, Turkish: Ciğerdelen) is a town in Slovakia, situated on the River Danube.	Štúrovo	Slovakia
country	The Rio Cobre Dam is a diversion dam on the Rio Cobre near Spanish Town in Saint Catherine Parish, Jamaica.	Rio Cobre Dam	Jamaica
country	Dolný Lieskov (Hungarian: Alsómogyoród) is a village and municipality in Považská Bystrica District in the Trenčín Region of north-western Slovakia.	Dolný Lieskov	Slovakia
country	Aisin Gioro is the name of the imperial clan of Manchu emperors of the Qing dynasty.	Aisin Gioro	Qing dynasty
country	Sahneh Rural District (Persian: دهستان صحنه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sahneh Rural District	Iran
country	Danube 21 Euroregion is an Euroregion located in Romania, Bulgaria and Serbia.	Danube 21 Euroregion	Romania	Bulgaria
country	Belon Temple is situated in Belon village near the town of Narora in Dist.-Bulandshehar, Uttar Pradesh, India and around 60 kilometers from the industrial city of Aligarh.	Belon Temple	India
country	Gwarighat is a small town on the banks of the river Narmada near the city of Jabalpur in Madhya Pradesh, India.	Gwarighat	India
country	Sarabadiyeh-ye Sofla (Persian: سراباديه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Sarābādīyeh-ye Soflá; also known as Sarāb Bādīyeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sarabadiyeh-ye Sofla	Iran
country	The Canton of Combourg is a canton of France, in the Ille-et-Vilaine département, located in the northwest of the department.	Canton of Combourg	France
country	The Belalakaya (3,861 m) is a mountain in the Karachay-Cherkessia, Russia.	Belalakaya	Russia
country	Qaqapatan (Quechua) is an archaeological site with rock paintings in Peru.	Qaqapatan	Peru
country	Abu Askar (Persian: ابوعسكر‎, also Romanized as Abū ``Askar; also known as Abū ``Asgar) is a village in Hangam Rural District, in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 731, in 175 families.	Abu Askar	Iran
country	Mazraeh-ye Hasan Charkhani (Persian: مزرعه حسن چرخاني‎‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Ḩasan Charkhānī) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District, Zarach District, Yazd County, Yazd Province, Iran. As of the 2006 census, its population was 18, between five families.	Mazraeh-ye Hasan Charkhani	Iran
country	Kananaskis Improvement District is an improvement district in Alberta, Canada.	Kananaskis Improvement District	Canada
country	Garraway Hotel is a hotel located on the quayside of Roseau, Dominica.	Garraway Hotel	Dominica
country	The Kollur Mookambika Temple/ ಕೊಲ್ಲೂರು ಮೂಕಾಂಬಿಕಾ ದೇವಸ್ಥಾನ at Kollur, Udupi District in the state of Karnataka, India, is a Hindu temple dedicated to Mookambika Devi.	Mookambika	India
country	Granada Cathedral, or the Cathedral of the Incarnation (Spanish: Catedral de Granada, Santa Iglesia Catedral Metropolitana de la Encarnación de Granada) is the cathedral in the city of Granada, capital of the province of the same name in the Autonomous Region of Andalusia, Spain.	Granada Cathedral	Spain
country	Kungstensgymnasiet (KSG) is an upper secondary school from the 10th--12th grade in Vasastan in Stockholm, Sweden.	Kungstensgymnasiet	Sweden
country	Kamal Saleh (Persian: كمال صالح‎, also Romanized as Kamāl Şāleḩ; also known as Kamān-e Şāleḩī) is a village in Hendudur Rural District, Sarband District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Kamal Saleh	Iran
country	Ticao Island (334 km²) is one of the three major islands of Masbate province in the Philippines.	Ticao Island	Philippines
country	Kitchener-Waterloo Collegiate and Vocational School, firstly named Kitchener Collegiate Institute referred to as KCI, is a public secondary school in Kitchener, Ontario, Canada.	Kitchener-Waterloo Collegiate and Vocational School	Canada
country	Saint-Livres (Or Saint Livers in English) is a municipality in the district of Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.	Saint-Livres	Switzerland
country	Citrusdal is a town of 5,000 people in the Olifants River Valley in the Western Cape province of South Africa.	Citrusdal	South Africa
country	Jieznas ( pronunciation ) is a small city in the Prienai district municipality, Lithuania.	Jieznas	Lithuania
country	Tengboche Monastery (or Thyangboche Monastery), also known as Dawa Choling Gompa, in the Tengboche village in Khumjung in the Khumbu region of eastern Nepal is a Tibetan Buddhist monastery of the Sherpa community.	Tengboche Monastery	Nepal
country	Kazaki (Russian: Казаки) is a rural locality (a selo) in Yeletsky District of Lipetsk Oblast, Russia.	Kazaki	Russia
country	Rzekietka (ʐɛˈkʲɛtka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubochnia, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Rzekietka	Poland
country	Hellebæk station is a railway station serving the town of Hellebæk about 5 kilometres north of the city of Helsingør, Denmark.	Hellebæk station	Denmark
country	Hulst (Dutch pronunciation: (ɦʏlst)) is a municipality and city in in southwestern Netherlands in the east of Zeelandic Flanders.	Hulst	Netherlands
country	Namzad (Persian: نامزاد‎, also Romanized as Nāmzād; also known as Nānzā) is a village in Baraan-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Namzad	Iran
country	Crotta, (Irish: An Chrotach) is a townland in the Barony of Ormond Lower in County Tipperary, Ireland.	Crotta	Ireland
country	Evinayong is a town in south eastern Rio Muni, Equatorial Guinea.	Evinayong	Equatorial Guinea
country	Kaduney-e Sofla (Persian: كادوني سفلي‎, also Romanized as Kādūney-e Soflá; also known as Delbar Sādāt-e Soflá) is a village in Veysian Rural District, Veysian District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kaduney-e Sofla	Iran
country	The Křižanov Highlands (Czech: Křižanovská vrchovina, German: Krischanauer Bergland , Polish: Wyżyna Krzyżanowska) is a mountain range in Moravia, Czech Republic.	Křižanov Highlands	Czech Republic
country	Amzacea (Romanian pronunciation: (amˈzatʃe̯a)) is a commune in Constanţa County, Romania.	Amzacea	Romania
country	Falaën Castle is a château-ferme, or fortified farmhouse, in the village of Falaën, municipality of Onhaye, province of Namur, Belgium.	Falaën Castle	Belgium
country	The 1911 Guerrero earthquake occurred on December 16 at 12:14 local time near the coast of Guerrero, Mexico along the Mexican subduction zone.	1911 Guerrero earthquake	Mexico
country	Old Veøy Church (Norwegian: Veøy gamle kyrkje) is a historic parish church in Molde Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Old Veøy Church	Norway
country	Cut Mutiah Mosque (Indonesian Masjid Cut Mutiah also Masjid Cut Meutia) is a mosque in Jakarta, Indonesia.	Cut Mutiah Mosque	Indonesia
country	Zlaté Klasy (Hungarian: Nagymagyar, Hungarian pronunciation:(ˈnɒɟmɒɟɒr)) is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.	Zlaté Klasy	Slovakia
country	Tielen is a village in the province of Antwerp in Flanders, Belgium.	Tielen	Belgium
country	The Busan National University of Education is a government-supported institution which provides training for future public-school teachers in South Korea.	Busan National University of Education	South Korea
country	The Punjab Group of Colleges (also known as The Punjab Group) (PGC) is an association of universities, colleges and organisations in Pakistan.	Punjab Group of Colleges	Pakistan
country	Holendry Baranowskie (xɔˈlɛndrɨ baraˈnɔfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów, within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Holendry Baranowskie	Poland
country	The Örebro County Council (Swedish: Örebro läns landsting) is the County Council of Örebro County in Sweden.	Örebro County Council	Sweden
country	The Jardin botanique de Talence (0.2 hectares) is a small botanical garden within the Parc du Château Peixotto (1.8 hectares) at 1, avenue du Maréchal Leclerc, Talence, Gironde, Aquitaine, France.	Jardin botanique de Talence	France
country	The Mönchengladbach Mavericks were an American football team from Mönchengladbach, Germany.	Mönchengladbach Mavericks	Germany
country	Ansbach became the capital of the circle of Middle Franconia following the unification of Germany; at the time, it had a population of 12,635.	Ansbach	Germany
country	Mbule or Mbulle is a small community in Cameroon, to the north of Tombel in the Southwest Region, on the slopes of Mount Kupe.	Mbule	Cameroon
country	Markham Public Library (MPL) is a library system operated by the municipal government of the City of Markham in Canada.	Markham Public Library	Canada
country	Mount Carmel (Hebrew: הַר הַכַּרְמֶל, Har HaKarmel ISO 259-3 Har ha Karmell (lit. God's vineyard); Arabic: الكرمل‎, Kurmul or جبل مار إلياس Jabal Mar Elyas 'Mount Saint Elias') is a coastal mountain range in northern Israel stretching from the Mediterranean Sea towards the southeast.	Mount Carmel	Israel
country	Al-Muwaqqar(Arabic: الموقر‎) is a district in the Amman Governorate of north-western Jordan.	Al-Muwaqqar	Jordan
country	The Alcazaba of Antequera is a fortress in Antequera, Spain.	Alcazaba of Antequera	Spain
country	Southland Boys' High School (SBHS) is an all-boys school in Invercargill, New Zealand, and has been the only one in the city since Marist Brothers was merged with St Catherines to form Verdon College in 1982.	Southland Boys' High School	New Zealand
country	The Port of Kaohsiung (POK; Chinese: 高雄港; pinyin: Gāoxióng Gǎng) is the largest harbor in Taiwan, Republic of China, handling approximately 10 million twenty-foot equivalent units (TEU) worth of cargo in 2007.	Port of Kaohsiung	Taiwan
country	Chettikulam is a small coastal village in Tirunelveli district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Chettikulam	India
country	Pagudpud is a fourth class municipality and a coastal resort town of Ilocos Norte province, in the northern Ilocos Region of the Philippines.	Pagudpud	Philippines
country	Flumini Maggiore is a town of the province of Cagliari, Italy, 10 miles by road north of Iglesias, and 5 miles from the west coast.It was the centre of the mining district in Roman times.	Flumini Maggiore	Italy
country	Laurenburg is a municipality in the Rhein-Lahn district of Rhineland-Palatinate, in western Germany.	Laurenburg	Germany
country	Kamusi Airport is an airport in Kamusi, Papua New Guinea (IATA: KUY, ICAO: AYKS).	Kamusi Airport	Papua New Guinea
country	Sumbe (pre-1975: Novo Redondo) is a city located in west central Angola.	Sumbe	Angola
country	NCW Femmes Fatales is an independent professional wrestling promotion based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	NCW Femmes Fatales	Canada
country	Ypacaraí is a town in the Central Department of Paraguay on Lake Ypacarai.	Ypacaraí	Paraguay
country	The Teffedest Mountains are a mountain range in southern Algeria.	Teffedest Mountains	Algeria
country	Tema Reef, also called Tima Reef, is a submerged coral reef in the northern Cook Islands, 23 km southeast of Pukapuka.	Tema Reef	Cook Islands
country	The cluster of rocks that is Barrett Reef (often known as Barrett's Reef) is one of the most hazardous reefs in New Zealand.	Barrett Reef	New Zealand
country	Gullen khel is a small village in the Mianwali District of Punjab Province in Pakistan.	Gullen khel	Pakistan
country	Changshin University is a private Christian university located in Changwon City, South Gyeongsang province, near the southern coast of South Korea.	Changshin University	South Korea
country	Basmenj (Persian: باسمنج‎; also Romanized as Bāsmenj; also known as Bāsmej and Bāsmīnj) is a city in the Central District of Tabriz County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Basmenj	Iran
country	Haltdalen Church (Norwegian: Haltdalen kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Holtålen in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Haltdalen Church	Norway
country	Amin amin ya Rabaljalil is the state anthem for Perlis, a state in Malaysia.	Amin amin ya Rabaljalil	Malaysia
country	Mowtowr-e Abdal Naruyi (Persian: موتورعبدل نارويي‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e ʿAbdal Nārūyī) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District, Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District, Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Abdal Naruyi	Iran
country	Zdzitava (Belarusian language: Здзітава) is a village in the Biaroza rajon of the Brest voblast of Belarus located between the lakes chornaye and Sporawskaye on the Drahabuzh River with a population of fewer than 1000 people.	Zdzitava	Belarus
country	HNLMS Bonaire was a 4th class screw steamship of the Royal Netherlands Navy, now under restoration as a museum ship.	HNLMS Bonaire	Netherlands
country	Penedono (Portuguese pronunciation: (pɨnɨˈðonu)) is a municipality in the northern district of Viseu in Portugal.	Penedono	Portugal
country	Ladybrand is a small agricultural town in the Free State province of South Africa, situated 18 km from Maseru, the capital of Lesotho.	Ladybrand	South Africa
country	House of Sarkar was ruling clan of Shirvan Khanate from Khanchobany tribe.	House of Sarkar	Shirvan Khanate
country	Palau Municipal d'Esports de Badalona, most frequently called the Pavelló Olímpic de Badalona is an arena in the Gorg area of Badalona, Catalonia, Spain.	Palau Municipal d'Esports de Badalona	Spain
country	Sunrin Internet High School is an information technology-oriented vocational school in Seoul, South Korea.	Sunrin Internet High School	South Korea
country	Szombierki Coal Mine is a former coal mine in Szombierki, Bytom, Poland.	Szombierki Coal Mine	Poland
country	Swaroopganj is a village in Sirohi district in Rajasthan state in India.	Swaroopganj	India
country	The Manitoba Historical Society is a historical society in the province of Manitoba, Canada.	Manitoba Historical Society	Canada
country	Pragadavaram is a village located in Chintalapudi Mandal of West Godavari District in the state of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Pragadavaram	India
country	Poruvazhy Peruviruthy Malanada, popularly known as Peruviruthy Malanada or Malanada is located at Edakkad Ward (Kara) of Poruvazhy village in Kunnathoor Taluk of Kollam district (Kerala State), India.	Peruviruthy	India
country	Jenków (ˈjɛnkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wądroże Wielkie, within Jawor County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Jenków	Poland
country	Vizore (pronounced (ˈʋiːzɔɾɛ) or (ʋiˈzoːɾɛ)) is a settlement to the northeast of Nova Cerkev in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia.	Vizore	Slovenia
country	BioMed Central (BMC) is a United Kingdom-based, for-profit scientific publisher specialising in open access journal publication.	BioMed Central	United Kingdom
country	Perama (Greek: Πέραμα) is a port city and a suburb of Piraeus (Greece).	Perama	Greece
country	Cape Trafalgar (/trəˈfælɡər/; Spanish: Cabo Trafalgar (ˈkaβo tɾafalˈɣaɾ), Arabic: رأس طرف الغرب‎) is a headland in the Province of Cádiz in the south-west of Spain.	Cape Trafalgar	Spain
country	The Neiwan Line (Chinese: 內灣線; pinyin: Nèiwān Xiàn) is a railway branch line in Taiwan operated by the Taiwan Railways Administration.	Neiwan Line	Taiwan
country	Smådalarö Gård is an inn located at Dalarö in Stockholm archipelago (Stockholm, Sweden).	Smådalarö Gård	Sweden
country	The 1924 Summer Olympics (French: Les Jeux olympiques d'été de 1924), officially known as the Games of the VIII Olympiad, were an international multi-sport event which was celebrated in 1924 in Paris, France.	1924 Summer Olympics	France
country	Pietroasele is a commune in Buzău County, Romania, known for its vineyards.	Pietroasele	Romania
country	The Gemini Center is a complex comprising two skyscrapers located in Milan, Italy, at the most peripheral end of Via Lorenteggio, in the Giambellino-Lorenteggio district, adjacent to Milan's border with Corsico.	Gemini Center	Italy
country	Cevicos is a town and municipality in the Sánchez Ramírez province of the Dominican Republic.	Cevicos	Dominican Republic
country	Algoma University (Algoma U) is a post-secondary institution in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada.	Algoma University	Canada
country	Ripanj (Serbian Cyrillic: Рипањ) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Ripanj	Serbia
country	Hegebeintum (Dutch: Hogebeintum) is a small village in Ferwerderadiel in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Hegebeintum	Netherlands
country	Bogucino (bɔɡuˈt͡ɕinɔ) (German: Bogenthin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołobrzeg, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Bogucino	Poland
country	Diva (Asia TV channel) Diva Universal (Philippines) defunct Diva Universal (Bulgaria) defunct Diva Universal (Italy) defunct Diva Universal (Romania) Diva Universal (Russia) defunct	Diva Universal	Romania
country	Splash Island educational waterpark is located at the Toronto Zoo, in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Splash Island	Canada
country	The Monastery of Santo Toribio de Liébana is a Roman Catholic monastery located in the district of Liébana, near Potes in Cantabria, Spain.	Santo Toribio de Liébana	Spain
country	Erzincan University is a university in Erzincan, Turkey, with over 9000 students and 310 faculty.	Erzincan University	Turkey
country	Chernivtsi International Airport (Ukrainian: Міжнародний аеропорт ``Чернівці'') (IATA: CWC, ICAO: UKLN) is an airport in the city of Chernivtsi in western Ukraine.	Chernivtsi International Airport	Ukraine
country	The Mercado de Medellín (``Medellín market''), also Mercado Medellín and officially Mercado Melchor Ocampo is a public market located on Medellín street in Colonia Roma Sur neighborhood of Mexico City.	Mercado Medellín	Mexico
country	Superphénix (English: Superphoenix) or SPX was a nuclear power station on the river Rhône at Creys-Malville in France, close to the border with Switzerland.	Superphénix	France
country	The Walls of Salinillas de Buradon (Spanish: Murallas de Salinillas de Buradon) are walls located in Labastida, Spain.	Walls of Salinillas de Buradon	Spain
country	A New Type of Imprint is an independent lifestyle magazine, published quarterly by Anti, that celebrates the creative community of Norway.	A New Type of Imprint	Norway
country	The Magain Shalome Synagogue (Hebrew: בית הכנסת מגן שלום‎) (Urdu: امن کنیسہ کے سٹار‎) was the cornerstone of a former Jewish community in Karachi, Pakistan.	Magain Shalome Synagogue	Pakistan
country	Stade Moulay Rachid is a multi-use stadium located in Laayoune, Western Sahara.	Stade Moulay Rachid	Western Sahara
country	Kousséri is a city in Far North Province, Cameroon, lying on the border with Chad, across the Chari River from N'Djamena.	Kousséri	Cameroon
country	Tuba Dei (Latin for ``God's Trumpet''), is the largest medieval bell in Poland and one of the largest medieval bells in Europe, hanging in the tower of Ss. Johns Cathedral in Toruń.	Tuba Dei	Poland
country	Aliabad Brick Company (Persian: مجتمع كوره هائ اجرپزئ علي اباد‎ -- Mojtame`-ye Kūreh Hāy Ājorpazy-e ``Alīābād) is a village and company town in Rostaq Rural District, in the Central District of Saduq County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 265, in 44 families.	Aliabad Brick Company	Iran
country	Zhizdra (Russian: Жи́здра) is a town and the administrative center of Zhizdrinsky District in Kaluga Oblast, Russia, located on the Zhizdra River 180 kilometers (110 mi) southwest of Kaluga, the administrative center of the oblast.	Zhizdra	Russia
country	Utrówka (uˈtrufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Utrówka	Poland
country	Woodsville Interchange is a road interchange located south of Potong Pasir in Singapore.	Woodsville Interchange	Singapore
country	Pazarspor is a sports club located in Rize, Turkey.	Pazarspor	Turkey
country	Asahikawa Air Field (ICAO: RJCA) is a military aerodrome of the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force.	Asahikawa Air Field	Japan
country	Mayıs (also, Mais) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Mayıs	Azerbaijan
country	Razab (Persian: رزاب‎, also Romanized as Razāb) is a village in Razab Rural District, in the Central District of Sarvabad County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Razab	Iran
country	Barbiano di Cotignola is a frazione (parish) of Cotignola, in the province of Ravenna, Italy.	Barbiano di Cotignola	Italy
country	Cockpit Country is an area in Jamaica, specifically Trelawny Parish and Saint Elizabeth Parish.	Cockpit Country	Jamaica
country	Gyöngyös (ˈɟøɲɟøʃ) is a town in Heves county in Hungary, 80 km (50 mi) east of Budapest.	Gyöngyös	Hungary
country	The Institute for Environment and Sustainability (IES) is a specialised institute of the Joint Research Centre directorate of the European Commission, based in Ispra, Italy.	Institute for Environment and Sustainability	Italy
country	Gołębin-Parcele (ɡɔˈwɛmbin parˈt͡sɛlɛ) (German: Taubenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Gołębin-Parcele	Poland
country	The Singrauli Coalfield is located between latitudes 24012'' N and 230 47'' N. It is spread over nearly 2,200 km2 (850 sq mi) but only a small part of the coalfield, around 220 km2 (85 sq mi), has been identified as promising by the Geological Survey of India.	Singrauli Coalfield	India
country	Gmina Puńsk (Lithuanian: Punsko valsčius) is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, on the Lithuanian border.	Gmina Puńsk	Poland
country	Gakhibane (Gachibana) is a village in Kgalagadi District of Botswana.	Gakhibane	Botswana
country	The Château de Nérac is a castle in the Lot-et-Garonne département in southwest France.	Château de Nérac	France
country	Rāzna National Park (Latvian: Rāznas nacionālais parks) is a national park in the Latgale region of Latvia.	Rāzna National Park	Latvia
country	Kruplivnik (pronounced (kɾuˈpliːu̯nik); in older sources also Koprivnik, Hungarian: Vaskorpád Prekmurje Slovene: Krplivnik) is a village in the Municipality of Grad in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.	Kruplivnik	Slovenia
country	The Saparmurat Hajji Mosque (Turkmen: Saparmyrat Hajy metjidi) is a mosque in Gökdepe, Turkmenistan.	Saparmurat Hajji Mosque	Turkmenistan
country	Bolívar Airport (ICAO: SAZI) is an airport serving Bolívar, a town in Bolívar Partido, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.	Bolívar Airport	Argentina
country	Nieznajowa (ɲeznaˈjɔva) (Ukrainian: Незнайова, Незнаєва, Neznayova, Neznayeva) is a depopulated village in the administrative district of Gmina Sękowa, within Gorlice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Nieznajowa	Poland
country	The Square Kauri is an estimated 1,200 year old kauri tree (Agathis australis) in the Coromandel Range on the Coromandel Peninsula, New Zealand.	Square Kauri	New Zealand
country	Aulla is a comune in the province of Massa and Carrara, Tuscany (central Italy).	Aulla	Italy
country	Nsele or N'Sele is a municipality (commune) in the Tshangu district of Kinshasa, the capital city of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Nsele	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Jasienie (jaˈɕeɲe) (German Jaschine, after 1934 Eschenwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lasowice Wielkie, within Kluczbork County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Jasienie	Poland
country	(Refer Junior vikatan -15 March 2009 page no .18) TELC Church (Tamil Evangelical Lutheran church) Roman Catholic Church (Catholic Church in India) AJC Church (Ark of Jesus Christ), Karambakkudi Sri Muthukarupiah Temple,karambakkudi.	Karambakkudi	India
country	The Brandon Curling Club is a curling club located in Brandon, Manitoba, Canada.	Brandon Curling Club	Canada
country	Llamachayuq Qaqa (Quechua llama llama, -cha, -yuq suffixes, qaqa rock, ``a rock with a little llama''), Wakan Wayq'u or Wakanwayq'u (Waqhan Wayq'o, Waqhanhuayq'o, Waqhanwayq'o) is an archaeological site with rock paintings in Peru.	Llamachayuq Qaqa	Peru
country	Hamelin-Pyrmont (German: Landkreis Hameln-Pyrmont) is a district (Landkreis) in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Hamelin-Pyrmont	Germany
country	Coggia (Corsican: Coghja (ˈkoja)) is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica.	Coggia	France
country	The Mercator School of Management (MSM) refers to the faculty of business administration of the University of Duisburg-Essen in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Mercator School of Management	Germany
country	Siodłary (ɕɔdˈwarɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamiennik, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Siodłary	Poland
country	Wola Zadybska-Kolonia (ˈvɔla zaˈdɨpska kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłoczew, within Ryki County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wola Zadybska-Kolonia	Poland
country	Trémuson (Breton: Tremuzon) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Trémuson	France
country	Nazar-Makhram is a kishlak in Shakhrihon District, Andijan Region, Uzbekistan.	Nazar-Makhram	Uzbekistan
country	Velike Pece (pronounced (ˈʋeːlikɛ ˈpeːtsɛ); in older sources also Velike Peče, German: Großpeze) is a village in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Velike Pece	Slovenia
country	Hagiara (Arabic: الحجارة‎) is a Saharan desert oasis town in the Fezzan region of southwest Libya.	Hagiara	Libya
country	Katiki is a small settlement in North Otago, New Zealand.	Katiki	New Zealand
country	The Surma River (Bengali: সুরমা নদী Surma Nadi, Shurma Nodi) is a major river in Bangladesh, part of the Surma-Meghna River System.	Surma River	Bangladesh
country	Canterbury Hospital is a metropolitan hospital in Campsie, a south-western suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Canterbury Hospital	Australia
country	Mazraeh-ye Kowsari (Persian: مزرعه كوثري‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Kows̄arī) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Kowsari	Iran
country	The Autovía A-70 is a highway in Alicante, Spain.	Autovía A-70	Spain
country	Lade Church (Norwegian: Lade Kirke) is located in the Lade neighborhood in the city of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway, just southeast of Korsvika and east of Ladehammeren.	Lade Church	Norway
country	Cagliari light rail, commercially known as Metrocagliari, is a light rail line that serves the town of Cagliari and part of its metropolitan area, in Sardinia, Italy.	Cagliari light rail	Italy
country	The River Severn (Welsh: Afon Hafren, Latin: Sabrina) is the longest river in the United Kingdom, at about 220 miles (354 km).	River Severn	United Kingdom
country	Tashun (Persian: تشون‎, also Romanized as Tashūn) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Tashun	Iran
country	Østerbrogade is the principal shopping street and thoroughfare in the Østerbro district of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Østerbrogade	Denmark
country	Mount Assiniboine Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located around Mount Assiniboine.	Mount Assiniboine Provincial Park	Canada
country	Slavski Laz (pronounced (ˈslau̯ːski ˈlas); German: Slauskilas) is a village on the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Kostel in southern Slovenia.	Slavski Laz	Slovenia
country	Under South Australia's Health Care Plan 2007--2016 Modbury Hospital will become one of three general hospitals in metropolitan Adelaide, providing services to its local community with an emphasis on general medicine and general surgery, and a specific focus on rehabilitation, aged care and palliative care services.	Modbury Hospital	Australia
country	Silkeborg IF (Full name: Silkeborg Idrætsforening, or SIF in short) is a professional Danish football club in Silkeborg, Denmark.	Silkeborg IF	Denmark
country	Valen Church (Norwegian: Valen kyrkje) is a parish church in Kvinnherad municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Valen Church	Norway
country	Tulita, which in Dene language means ``where the rivers or waters meet,'' is a hamlet in the Sahtu Region of the Northwest Territories, Canada.	Tulita	Canada
country	Opatówek (ɔpaˈtuvɛk) is a village of 3,800 inhabitants situated 10 km southeast from Kalisz, county (Powiat) of Kalisz County in the province of Wielkopolska, Poland.	Opatówek	Poland
country	Dur Mish (Persian: دورميش‎, also Romanized as Dūr Mūsh) is a village in Gowharan Rural District, Gowharan District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Dur Mish	Iran
country	The Morning Bulletin is a daily newspaper servicing the city of Rockhampton and the surrounding areas of Central Queensland, Australia.	The Morning Bulletin	Australia
country	The Citizens' Battle Against Corruption (CIBAC) Party List is a political organization in the Philippines.	Citizens' Battle Against Corruption	Philippines
country	Kudelczyn (kuˈdɛlt͡ʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielany, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kudelczyn	Poland
country	Soothe My Sorrows Church (Russian: Утоли моя печали) is a Russian Orthodox church in Saratov, Russia.	Soothe My Sorrows Church	Russia
country	Košute is a village in southern Croatia located west of Trilj.	Košute	Croatia
country	The Dorset Cursus is a Neolithic cursus monument that spans across 10 km (6¼ miles) of the chalk downland of Cranborne Chase in east Dorset, United Kingdom.	Dorset Cursus	United Kingdom
country	Miar Peak is a mountain in Hispar Valley in the Gilgit District of Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan.	Miar Peak	Pakistan
country	Kafr Batna (Arabic: كفر بطنا‎, also spelled Kfar Batna and Kafar Batna) is a town in the Rif Dimashq Governorate in southern Syria and a suburb of Damascus.	Kafr Batna	Syria
country	The Cordillera Septentrional is a mountain range that runs parallel to the north coast of the Dominican Republic, with extensions to the northwest as Tortuga island in Haiti, and to the southeast through lowlands to where it rises as the Sierra de Samaná on the Samaná Peninsula.	Cordillera Septentrional	Dominican Republic
country	Ellinitsa (Greek: Ελληνίτσα) is a village in the municipal unit of Falaisia, in Arcadia, Greece.	Ellinitsa	Greece
country	Kadavod (Persian: كاداود‎, also Romanized as Kādāvod and Kādāvūd) is a village in Zaz-e Sharqi Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kadavod	Iran
country	Genga River is a river on Bougainville Island, Papua New Guinea.	Genga River	Papua New Guinea
country	Dunedin Airport (IATA: DUD, ICAO: NZDN), formerly known as Dunedin International Airport and colloquially known as Momona Airport, is an international airport in the Otago region of the South Island of New Zealand, serving Dunedin city and the Otago and Southland regions.	Dunedin Airport	New Zealand
country	The Château de Saint-Maurice is built on the remains of an earlier 13th castle in the commune of Saint-Maurice-Navacelles in the Hérault département of France.	Château de Saint-Maurice	France
country	Anqasi (Quechua for cobalt salt used for dyeing, hispanicized spelling Ancasi) is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,000 metres (16,404 ft) high.	Anqasi	Peru
country	Vänersborg is a locality and the seat of Vänersborg Municipality, Västra Götaland County, Sweden with 21 699 inhabitants (out of a municipal total of 37,369) Until 1997 it was the capital of Älvsborg County, which was dissolved in 1998.	Vänersborg	Sweden
country	Szeged Airport (ICAO: LHUD) is an airport serving Szeged, a city in Csongrád county, Hungary.	Szeged Airport	Hungary
country	Askot Musk Deer Sanctuary is located 54 km from Pithoragarh near Askot in Uttarakhand state of India.	Askot Musk Deer Sanctuary	India
country	Khajuri Khurd is a panchayat village in Koraon Tehsil in Allahabad District, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Khajuri Khurd	India
country	Bakerabad (Persian: بكر آباد‎, also Romanized as Bakerābād) is a village in Yeylan-e Jonubi Rural District, Bolbanabad District, Dehgolan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Bakerabad	Iran
country	Quillota is a city located in the Aconcagua River valley of central Chile's Valparaíso Region.	Quillota	Chile
country	Gaeinsan is a mountain in the counties of Inje and Hongcheon, Gangwon-do, in South Korea.	Gaeinsan	South Korea
country	Düztahir (also, Dustair and Dyuztair) is a village and municipality in the Qusar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Düztahir	Azerbaijan
country	Craigie Burn Nature Reserve, also known as Craigie Burn Dam Nature Reserve is located on the road between Mooi River and Greytown, in the KwaZulu-Natal, province of South Africa	Craigie Burn Nature Reserve	South Africa
country	Gürgən-Pirallahı is a village and municipality in the Əzizbəyov raion of Baku, Azerbaijan.	Gürgən-Pirallahı	Azerbaijan
country	Messiah Cathedral (Katedral Mesias) is an Indonesian megachurch of the predominantly Indonesian-Chinese Indonesian Reformed Evangelical Church (Indonesian: Gereja Reformed Injili Indonesia (GRII)) in Kemayoran, Jakarta.	Messiah Cathedral	Indonesia
country	South Tyrol Museum of Archaeology (German: Südtiroler Archäologiemuseum; Italian: Museo archeologico dell'Alto Adige) is a specialist archaeological museum in the city of Bolzano, the capital of South Tyrol, northern Italy.	South Tyrol Museum of Archaeology	Italy
country	Wasawng is a village in Chipwi Township in Myitkyina District in the Kachin State of north-eastern Myanmar.	Wasawng	Myanmar
country	Bech-Kleinmacher (Luxembourgish: Bech-Maacher) is a small village in the commune of Schengen, in south-eastern Luxembourg.	Bech-Kleinmacher	Luxembourg
country	Magouliana (Greek: Μαγούλιανα) is a mountain village and a community in the municipal unit of Vytina, Arcadia, Greece.	Magouliana	Greece
country	Stendhal University, Grenoble III (French: Université Stendhal) is a university located in the outskirts of Grenoble, France, offering courses in foreign languages and cultures, ancient and modern literature, language and communication sciences.	Stendhal University	France
country	Kløvermarken (the Clover Field) is a large green space in the Amager East district of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Kløvermarken	Denmark
country	Vermosh (definite form Vermoshi) is the northernmost village of Albania, located in the former Kelmend municipality.	Vermosh	Albania
country	The Sydney International Piano Competition of Australia is a music competition, presented by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation in association with the University of Sydney and broadcast live throughout Australia.	Sydney International Piano Competition	Australia
country	Cape Miseno (Italian: Miseno, Latin: Misenum, Ancient Greek: Μισήνον) is the headland that marks the northwestern limit of the Gulf of Naples as well as the Bay of Pozzuoli in southern Italy.	Cape Miseno	Italy
country	Palana (Russian: Пала́на) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Tigilsky District of Koryak Okrug of Kamchatka Krai, Russia which serves as the administrative center of Koryak Okrug.	Palana	Russia
country	IE University is a private university, owned by Instituto de Empresa S.L., whose main campus are located in Segovia, Castile and León, and in Madrid, Comunidad de Madrid (Spain).	IE University	Spain
country	Japanisches Palais (English: Japanese Palace) is a Baroque building in Dresden, Germany, on the Neustadt bank of the river Elbe.	Japanisches Palais	Germany
country	Fort des Basses Perches, also known as Fort Valmy, was built between 1874 and 1877 in Danjoutin and Belfort in northeastern France.	Fort des Basses Perches	France
country	Sitaniec-Wolica (ɕiˈtaɲet͡s vɔˈlit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zamość, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Sitaniec-Wolica	Poland
country	Surduc Pass (in Romanian: Defileul Jiului or Pasul Surduc, in Hungarian Szurdok-szoros) is a mountain pass in the Gorj and Hunedoara counties of Southwestern Romania, connecting the Petroşani Depression with Oltenia.	Surduc Pass	Romania
country	The Maldonado Department (Spanish: Departamento de Maldonado), with an area of 4,793 km2 (1,851 sq mi) and 190,500 inhabitants, is located to the southeast of Uruguay.	Maldonado Department	Uruguay
country	Taradale High School (THS), is a co-educational secondary school situated in the town of Taradale in Hawkes Bay, New Zealand.	Taradale High School	New Zealand
country	The Fanambana River is located in northern Madagascar and crosses the Route Nationale 5a near Morafeno.	Fanambana River	Madagascar
country	Großhöflein (Hungarian: Nagy-Höflány, Nagyhöflány, Croatian: Velika Holovajna) is a market town in eastern Austria, in the state of Burgenland.	Großhöflein	Austria
country	Sahray-e Nimeh (Persian: صحرائ نيمه‎, also Romanized as Şaḩrāy-e Nīmeh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Sahray-e Nimeh	Iran
country	The Helsinki City Rail Loop (Finnish: Pisararata, Swedish: Centrumslingan) is a planned new railway line in Helsinki, Southern Finland.	Helsinki City Rail Loop	Finland
country	It incorporates Chawton House Library, opened in 2003, a collection of over 9,000 books together with related original manuscripts, formerly located in Redmond, Washington, U.S. Chawton House is the venue of the Annual General Meeting of the Jane Austen Society of the United Kingdom.	Chawton House	United Kingdom
country	Silakoro (also spelled Sélakoro) is a village in western Ivory Coast.	Silakoro	Ivory Coast
country	Zdrawneva (Belarusian: Здраўнева; Russian: Здравнёво) was a manor house and estate in Belarus.	Zdrawneva	Belarus
country	Santa Lucia del Gonfalone is a church in the diocese of Rome, Italy.	Santa Lucia del Gonfalone	Italy
country	Jankovec (Macedonian: Јанковец) is a village located in Resen Municipality in the Republic of Macedonia.	Jankovec	Macedonia
country	Grove House School was a Quaker school in Tottenham, United Kingdom.	Grove House School	United Kingdom
country	The Jasper Park Information Centre National Historic Site, located in Jasper National Park, Alberta, Canada, is the primary visitor contact centre for visitors to the park.	Jasper Park Information Centre	Canada
country	Corozal Hospital is a hospital serving Corozal, Belize.	Corozal Hospital	Belize
country	Ezerche (Bulgarian: Езерче) is a village in northeastern Bulgaria, part of Tsar Kaloyan Municipality, Razgrad Province.	Ezerche	Bulgaria
country	Etfal Hospital Clock Tower, or Children's Hospital Clock Tower (Turkish: Etfal Hastanesi Saat Kulesi), is a clock tower situated in the garden of the Hamidiye Etfal Hospital (now Şişli Etfal Hospital) in the Şişli district of İstanbul, Turkey at the European side of Bosphorus.	Etfal Hospital Clock Tower	Turkey
country	Elafina (Greek: Ελαφίνα) is a former municipality in Pieria regional unit, Greece.	Elafina	Greece
country	Tsvetnoy Boulevard (Russian: Цветной бульвар), called Trubny Boulevard before 1851, is a boulevard in the Meschansky District, central Moscow, Russia.	Tsvetnoy Boulevard	Russia
country	Pakkora is a village of the Ishkoman valley in Pakistan.	Pakkora	Pakistan
country	Jhunjhunu (Hindi: झुन्झुनू) is a town in the state of Rajasthan, India and the administrative headquarters of Jhunjhunu District.	Jhunjhunu	India
country	The Town of Jabiru was a local government area of the Northern Territory of Australia, and was based in Jabiru.	Town of Jabiru	Australia
country	El Serrat (Catalan pronunciation: (əɫ səˈrat), locally: (eɫ seˈrat)) is a mountain village in the parish of Ordino, Andorra.	El Serrat	Andorra
country	Snowblink is an indie pop band based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Snowblink	Canada
country	Achickal is a small village in Kottayam district of Kerala, south India.	Achickal	India
country	Ngwenya is a town in western Swaziland, lying near the border with South Africa, north west of Mbabane, on the MR3 road.	Ngwenya	Swaziland
country	Kremberk (pronounced (ˈkɾeːmbɛɾk)) is a settlement in the Slovene Hills in the Municipality of Sveta Ana in northeastern Slovenia.	Kremberk	Slovenia
country	The Kwame Nkrumah Mausoleum and memorial park is located in downtown Accra, the capital of Ghana.	Kwame Nkrumah Mausoleum	Ghana
country	Faeto (Arpitan: Fayéte, IPA: (faˈjet)) is a town and comune in the province of Foggia in the Apulia region of southeast Italy.	Faeto	Italy
country	Ciego de Ávila (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈsjeɣo ðe ˈaβila)) is a city in the central part of Cuba and the capital of Ciego de Ávila Province.	Ciego de Ávila	Cuba
country	Messier Channel is a channel located in Patagonia, Chile.	Messier Channel	Chile
country	The Butsabong River is a river of Thailand and part of the overall Chao Phraya River basin.	Butsabong River	Thailand
country	Ngara Airport (ICAO: HTNR) is an airport in northwestern Tanzania serving the town of Ngara.	Ngara Airport	Tanzania
country	Yeghishe Manoukian College is an Armenian college in Lebanon.	Yeghishe Manoukian College	Lebanon
country	The Peak Downs Telegram (later the Clermont Telegram) was a newspaper published in Clermont, Queensland, Australia.	Peak Downs Telegram	Australia
country	Wishka Hirka (Ancash Quechua wishka viscacha, hirka mountain, ``viscacha mountain'') or Wishpa Hirka (Ancash Quechua wishpa influenza, ``influenza mountain'', hispanicized spelling Huishpajirca) is a 4,934 m (16,188 ft) high mountain in the southern part of the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru.	Wishka Hirka	Peru
country	Al-Awamiyah, also spelled Awamia, (Arabic: العوامية‎ al-ʿAwāmiyyah) is a village situated in the Al-Qatif region in the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia.	Al-Awamiyah	Saudi Arabia
country	Alzin (Persian: الزين‎, also Romanized as Alz̄īn and Alzīn; also known as Alīzīn) is a village in Dast Jerdeh Rural District, Chavarzaq District, Tarom County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Alzin	Iran
country	The Glasebach (Bauerngraben) is a stream of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Glasebach (Bauerngraben)	Germany
country	Shkodër Cathedral (Albanian: Katedralja e Shkodrës), also known as St Stephen's Catholic Cathedral or Kisha e Madhe (the Great Church) is a cathedral in the city of Shkodër in northwestern Albania.	Shkodër Cathedral	Albania
country	Séssène is a locality of Senegal, situated in the M'bour Department and the Thies Region, not far from Thiadiaye.	Séssène	Senegal
country	Pointe de la Torche (Breton: Beg an Dorchenn) is a promontory located at the southeastern end of the Baie d'Audierne in the commune of Plomeur in the Bigouden region of Finistère, France.	Pointe de la Torche	France
country	Svilojevo (Serbian Cyrillic: Свилојево, Hungarian: Szilágyi) is a village in Serbia.	Svilojevo	Serbia
country	The Oppidum de Roque de Viou is on a hilltop overlooking the valley called the Vaunage, above the village of Nages-et-Solorgues, in Gard, between Nîmes et Sommières, in Languedoc-Rousillon, France.	Oppidum de Roque de Viou	France
country	Lappalanjärvi is a medium-sized lake of Finland in the Kouvola municipality in the region Kymenlaakso.	Lappalanjärvi	Finland
country	Arab al-Na'im (Arabic: عرب النعيم‎; Hebrew: ערב א-נעים‎) is a Bedouin village in northern Israel.	Arab al-Na'im	Israel
country	Funarës is a village in the Elbasan County, mid Albania.	Funarës	Albania
country	The M63 motorway was a major road in the United Kingdom.	M63 motorway	United Kingdom
country	Gornje Psarjevo is a village in central Croatia, located south of Sveti Ivan Zelina.	Gornje Psarjevo	Croatia
country	Robat-e Arjomand (Persian: رباط ارجمند‎, also Romanized as Robāţ-e Arjomand; also known as Robāţ-e Kaf Sān) is a village in Galehzan Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Robat-e Arjomand	Iran
country	Glumsø is a railway town, with a population of 2,129 (1.January 2015), located centrally in Zealand in Denmark.	Glumsø	Denmark
country	The Güell (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈɡweʎ)) is a river in Catalonia, Spain.	Güell	Spain
country	Mbereshi (also spelled and pronounced Mbeleshi) is a village in the Luapula Province of Zambia, named after the Mbereshi River on its north side.	Mbereshi	Zambia
country	The Museo Picasso Málaga is a museum in Málaga, Andalusia, Spain, the city where artist Pablo Ruiz Picasso was born.	Museo Picasso Málaga	Spain
country	The Paulo Afonso Hydroelectric Complex (Complexo Hidrelétrico de Paulo Afonso), also known as the Paulo Afonso Complex, is a system of three dams and five hydroelectric power plants on the São Francisco River near the city of Paulo Afonso in Bahia, Brazil.	Paulo Afonso Hydroelectric Complex	Brazil
country	The Sierra Pinta or Sierra Pintas (coll. Spanish for ``Painted Mountains'') are a narrow remote block faulted northwest-southeast trending mountain range, about 22 miles (35 km) long located in southwestern Arizona in the arid northwestern Sonoran Desert, just north of the Pinacate Reserve of northern Sonora, Mexico.	Sierra Pinta	Mexico
country	Ladzhanuri Hydro Power Plant or Lajanuri Hydro Power Plant is a large power plant in Georgia with four turbines, each with a nominal capacity of 29 MW, with a total capacity of 116 MW.	Ladzhanuri Hydro Power Plant	Georgia
country	The Gare du Creusot TGV is a railway station on the LGV Sud-Est providing TGV high-speed train services to the town of Le Creusot, France.	Gare du Creusot TGV	France
country	Khosrow Shirin Rural District (Persian: دهستان خسروشيرين‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Abadeh County, Fars Province, Iran.	Khosrow Shirin Rural District	Iran
country	Khvajeh Bachcheh (Persian: خواجه بچه‎, also Romanized as Khvājeh Bachcheh and Khavājeh Bachcheh) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khvajeh Bachcheh	Iran
country	Laagri is a small borough (Estonian: alevik) in Harju County, northern Estonia.	Laagri	Estonia
country	Mowtowr-e Hajji Mohammad Zard Kuhi (Persian: موتورحاجي محمدزردكوهي‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩājjī Moḩammad Zard Kūhī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Hajji Mohammad Zard Kuhi	Iran
country	El Barde District (Somali: Degmada Ceel-Barde), is a district of the southwestern Bakool region of Somalia.	El Barde District	Somalia
country	The Multan Museum (Urdu: ملتان متحف ‎) located in the city of Multan and the Multan District, in Punjab Province of eastern Pakistan.	Multan Museum	Pakistan
country	Ghindărești (Russian: Новенькое) is a commune in Constanţa County, Romania, including the village with the same name.	Ghindărești	Romania
country	Assal al-Ward (Arabic: عسال الورد‎; also spelled Asal el-Ward) is a town in southern Syria, administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate, located northeast of Damascus along the Syrian--	Assal al-Ward	Syria
country	The King Fahad Dam, previously known as Bisha Dam, is a gravity dam on Wadi Bisha about 35 km (22 mi) south of Bisha in the 'Asir Region of southwestern Saudi Arabia.	King Fahad Dam	Saudi Arabia
country	The Chiché River (Xixé River) is a tributary of the Iriri River in Pará state in north-central Brazil.	Chiché River	Brazil
country	Ballabhgarh (or Ballabgarh ) is a town and a tehsil (subdistrict) in Faridabad District of Haryana, India, and is part of the National Capital Region.	Ballabhgarh	India
country	Darreh Namdari (Persian: دره نامداري‎, also Romanized as Darreh Nāmdārī) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, Falard District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Darreh Namdari	Iran
country	Avenida Figueroa Alcorta is a major thoroughfare in Buenos Aires, Argentina, with a length of over 7 km (4.3 mi) along the city's northside.	Avenida Figueroa Alcorta	Argentina
country	The Funen Village was founded as a public works project in 1942, during the German occupation of Denmark, and opened to the public on 1 April 1946.	The Funen Village	Denmark
country	Grenmar is a part of Telemark county of Norway.	Grenmar	Norway
country	Wysogotowo (vɨsɔɡɔˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnowo Podgórne, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wysogotowo	Poland
country	Hapstići (Serbian: Хапстићи) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Hapstići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Wijk bij Duurstede (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈʋɛi̯ɡ bɛi̯ ˈdyːrsteːdə)) is a municipality and a city in the central Netherlands.	Wijk bij Duurstede	Netherlands
country	Ife (Yoruba: Ifè, also Ilé-Ifẹ̀) is an ancient Yoruba city in south-western Nigeria.	Ife	Nigeria
country	The Choqueyapu River which downstream is called La Paz River is a river in the La Paz Department of Bolivia.	Choqueyapu River	Bolivia
country	Pays Plat First Nation is a small First Nation reserve community located near Rossport, Ontario, Canada, about 175 kilometres (109 mi) northeast of Thunder Bay.	Pays Plat First Nation	Canada
country	Jiřetín pod Jedlovou (German: Sankt Georgenthal) is a village and municipality (obec) in Děčín District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.	Jiřetín pod Jedlovou	Czech Republic
country	Île-à-la-Crosse is the second oldest community in Saskatchewan, Canada, The community has a rich history being connected to the Churchill River, Beaver River and Canoe River systems.	Île-à-la-Crosse	Canada
country	The Villa Elfvik nature house is an environmental education centre in Espoo, Finland, directed at all residents of Espoo.	Villa Elfvik	Finland
country	Åby Racetrack (Swedish: Åbytravet) is a horse racing track located in Mölndal, 10 km south of Gothenburg, Sweden.	Åby Racetrack	Sweden
country	Bidarray (Basque: Bidarrai) is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.	Bidarray	France
country	The Montreal Urban Community (MUC) (Communauté Urbaine de Montréal -- CUM) was a regional government in Quebec, Canada, that covered all municipalities located on the Island of Montreal and the islands of Ile Dorval and Ile Bizard from January 1970 until the end of December 2001.	Montreal Urban Community	Canada
country	Casa-Museu Guerra Junqueiro is a palace and museum in Porto, Portugal.	Casa-Museu Guerra Junqueiro	Portugal
country	Pegli is a neighbourhood in the west of Genoa, Italy.	Pegli	Italy
country	Shahi Bagh (Pashto, Urdu: شاهي باغ) is one of the oldest and largest gardens in Peshawar, Pakistan.	Shahi Bagh	Pakistan
country	The Grunewald Tower or Grunewaldturm is a historical tower in the Grunewald forest of southwestern Berlin, Germany, built in 1897-99 according to plans designed by Franz Heinrich Schwechten.	Grunewald Tower	Germany
country	Club Colonial is a football club of Martinique, playing in the town of Fort-de-France.	Club Colonial	France
country	East Kolkata refers to the eastern areas of the city of Kolkata, India.	East Kolkata	India
country	The Act to Encourage the Gradual Civilization of Indian Tribes in this Province, and to Amend the Laws Relating to Indians (commonly known as the Gradual Civilization Act) was a bill passed by the 5th Parliament of the Province of Canada in 1857.	Gradual Civilization Act	Canada
country	Montaza (Arabic:المنتزه, meaning ``The Park'') is the name of both a district and a park in Alexandria, Egypt.	Montaza	Egypt
country	Dubanevychi (Ukrainian: Дубане́вичі ) is a village in Horodok Raion, Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine.	Dubanevychi	Ukraine
country	Zhugqu County (Chinese: 舟曲县, pinyin: Zhōuqū Xiàn; Tibetan: འབྲུག་ཆུ་རྫོང་, ZWPY: Zhugqu Zong) is an administrative district in Gansu Province, the People's Republic of China.	Zhugqu County	People's Republic of China
country	Pendleton Airport, (TC LID: CNF3), is located 3 nautical miles (5.6 km; 3.5 mi) northwest of Pendleton, Ontario, Canada, east of Ottawa.	Pendleton Airport	Canada
country	Dprabak (Armenian: Դպրաբակ; formerly, Chaykend) is a small village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Dprabak	Armenia
country	The Northern Rivers Regional Rugby League (NRRRL) is a rugby league competition run in the far north of New South Wales, Australia.	Northern Rivers Regional Rugby League	Australia
country	Kopy (ˈkɔpɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kopy	Poland
country	Coussiberlé (German: Cussiberle or Guschubürli) is a village and former municipality in the district of See in the canton of Fribourg, Switzerland.	Coussiberlé	Switzerland
country	Svatove (Ukrainian: Сватове, Russian: Сватово) is a city in Luhansk Oblast (region) of Ukraine.	Svatove	Ukraine
country	Žljebovi (Serbian: Жљебови) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Žljebovi	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Sarmanyo is a town in the northern Sool region of Somalia.	Sarmanyo	Somalia
country	Santa Colomba de Curueño (Santa Colomba de Curueñu, in Leonese language) is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Santa Colomba de Curueño	Spain
country	Amir Salar-e Sofla (Persian: اميرسالارسفلي‎, also Romanized as Amīr Sālār-e Soflá) is a village in Par Zeytun Rural District, Meymand District, Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Amir Salar-e Sofla	Iran
country	Aragyugh (Armenian: Արագյուղ, also Romanized as Aragyukh; formerly, Karadzhoran) is a town in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.	Aragyugh	Armenia
country	Tourists can enter after 9:00 a.m. The Kanheri Caves demonstrate the Buddhist influence on the art and culture of India.	Kanheri Caves	India
country	Puno is a city in southeastern Peru, located on the shore of Lake Titicaca.	Puno	Peru
country	Nushki (Balochi: بلوچ ) is a town and district in Balochistan, Pakistan.	Nushki	Pakistan
country	Tambapanni is the district in Sri Lanka where Prince Vijaya landed after leaving Supparaka.	Tambapanni	Sri Lanka
country	Loštice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈloʃcɪtsɛ)) is a town in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic.	Loštice	Czech Republic
country	Pinnawala Elephant Orphanage is an orphanage, nursery and captive breeding ground for wild Asian elephants located at Pinnawala village, 13 km (8.1 mi) northeast of Kegalle town in Sabaragamuwa Province of Sri Lanka.	Pinnawala Elephant Orphanage	Sri Lanka
country	Rogojny (rɔˈɡɔi̯nɨ) (German: Rogonnen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno, within Olecko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rogojny	Poland
country	Sripat Singh College, established in 1949, is a college in Jiaganj, in Murshidabad district, in the state of West Bengal in India.	Sripat Singh College	India
country	Mogo Zoo is a small privately owned zoo in Mogo on the south coast of New South Wales, Australia.	Mogo Zoo	Australia
country	Serra da Malagueta is a mountain located in the northern part of the island of Santiago, Cape Verde.	Serra da Malagueta	Cape Verde
country	Taimali Station (Chinese: 太麻里車站; pinyin: Tàimálǐ Chēzhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) South-Link Line located in Taimali Township, Taitung County, Taiwan.	Taimali Station	Taiwan
country	The Jubilee Clock Tower, in George Town, Penang, Malaysia, is a Moorish-style Jubilee clocktower at the junction of Lebuh Light (Light Street) and Lebuh Pantai (Beach Street).	Jubilee Clock Tower	Malaysia
country	In 2004 Zeroscape started their ``Braille'' Eastern Canada Tour in support of their first studio album Braille with over thirty shows in the year.	Zeroscape	Canada
country	Déville-lès-Rouen is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department of the Haute-Normandie region in north-western France.	Déville-lès-Rouen	France
country	Ñawicha (Quechua ñawi eye, -cha a suffix, ``little eye'', hispanicized spelling Ñahuicha) is a mountain in the Arequipa Region in the Andes of Peru, about 4,558.3 metres (14,955 ft) high.	Ñawicha	Peru
country	The Vinnytsia State Pedagogical University named after Mykhailo Kotsiubynsky is a university located in Vinnytsia, Ukraine.	Vinnytsia State Pedagogical University	Ukraine
country	Phodong Monastery (or Phodang) is a Buddhist monastery in Sikkim, India.	Phodong Monastery	India
country	The Lausanne Opera (French: Opéra de Lausanne) is the opera house of Lausanne, Switzerland.	Lausanne Opera	Switzerland
country	The Danajon Bank is a double barrier reef in the Philippines.	Danajon Bank	Philippines
country	North Atlantic House (Danish: Nordatlantens Brygge) is a cultural centre located on the harbour front in Copenhagen, Denmark, dedicated to preserve, promote and communicate culture and art from the North Atlantic area.	North Atlantic House	Denmark
country	Mowtowr-e Shomareh-ye Do Marat Dari Shahid Emir Taher (Persian: موتورشماره 2مرتع داري شهيداميرطاهر‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Shomāreh-ye Do Maratʿ Dārī Shahīd Emīr Ţāher) is a village in Dehsard Rural District, in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Shomareh-ye Do Marat Dari Shahid Emir Taher	Iran
country	The Western Main Line (Swedish: Västra stambanan) is the main railway line between Stockholm and Gothenburg in Sweden.	Western Main Line	Sweden
country	Nová Sedlica (Hungarian: Újszék, Ukrainian: Новоселиця (Novoselytsia)) is the easternmost village and municipality in Slovakia (the most eastern point is the Kremenec Mountain), in Snina District in the Prešov Region.	Nová Sedlica	Slovakia
country	St Laserian's Cathedral, Old Leighlin, previously the cathedral of the Diocese of Leighlin, is now one of the six cathedral churches in the Diocese of Cashel and Ossory of the Church of Ireland.	St Laserian's Cathedral, Old Leighlin	Ireland
country	In the early 21st century Wasabröd sells about 80% of its production outside Sweden.	Wasabröd	Sweden
country	The Crater Highlands (Ngorongoro Highlands) are a region along the East African Rift in Tanzania, located in a spreading zone at the intersection of branches of the African and Somali tectonic plates, resulting in distinctive and prominent landforms.	Crater Highlands	Tanzania
country	Ciudad Nezahualcóyotl (Spanish pronunciation: (sjuˈðað nesawalˈkoʝotɬ)), or more commonly Ciudad Neza, is a city and municipality of State of Mexico adjacent to the northeast corner of Mexico's Federal District: it is thus part of the Mexico City Metropolitan Area.	Ciudad Nezahualcóyotl	Mexico
country	Al Buteen (Arabic: البطين‎) is a locality in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE).	Al Buteen	United Arab Emirates
country	Pish Mant-e Owl (Persian: پيش منت اول‎, also Romanized as Pīsh Mant-e Owl; also known as Pish Mant-e Kahur) is a village in Jahliyan Rural District, in the Central District of Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Pish Mant-e Owl	Iran
country	The Vanuatu rain forests are a terrestrial ecoregion that includes the islands of Vanuatu, as well as the Santa Cruz Islands group of the neighboring Solomon Islands.	Vanuatu rain forests	Solomon Islands
country	Șomcuta Mare (Hungarian: Nagysomkút; German: Großhorn) is a town in Maramureş County, Romania.	Șomcuta Mare	Romania
country	Ballowana is a village of Faisalabad District near a town Painsra in Punjab, Pakistan.	Ballowana	Pakistan
country	Glengarriff Forest is an area of woodland near Glengarriff, West Cork, Ireland.	Glengarriff Forest	Ireland
country	Hathimera is a village situated in Mansehra District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province in northern Pakistan.	Hathimera	Pakistan
country	Baltic Opera (formerly Baltic State Opera) is an opera company located in Gdańsk, Poland.	Baltic State Opera	Poland
country	Shiladesh is a valley in Himachal Pradesh, India, approximately 140 km (87 mi) from the state capital, Shimla.	Shiladesh	India
country	Hesil Qanbareh (Persian: حصيل قنبره‎, also Romanized as Ḩeṣīl Qanbareh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Kerend Rural District, in the Central District of Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Hesil Qanbareh	Iran
country	The Castillo de San Juan Bautista (Castle of John Baptist), also called Castillo Negro (Black Castle), in the city of Santa Cruz de Tenerife in the Canary Islands of Spain, was the second most important fort in the defense of Santa Cruz de Tenerife.	Castillo de San Juan Bautista	Spain
country	Cazalla de la Sierra is a small town in the province of Seville, in southern Spain.	Cazalla de la Sierra	Spain
country	Eurogentec is an international biotechnology supplier, based in Belgium, that specializes in genomics and proteomics kits and reagents as well as cGMP biologics.	Eurogentec	Belgium
country	Posedarje (Croatian pronunciation: (pǒsedaːrje), Italian: Possedaria) is a municipality in Zadar County of Croatia with 3,607 inhabitants (2011 census).	Posedarje	Croatia
country	According to the annual university ranking conducted by El Mundo, the Technical University of Madrid ranks as the top technical university in Spain, and second overall.	Technical University of Madrid	Spain
country	Deildartunguhver is a hotspring in Reykholtsdalur, Iceland.	Deildartunguhver	Iceland
country	Moncton Christian Academy is a christian school located in Moncton, New Brunswick, Canada.	Moncton Christian Academy	Canada
country	Lauciene parish (Latvian: Laucienes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Talsi District, Latvia.	Lauciene parish	Latvia
country	Harvey Island is an island about 1 km east of Cape Grenville in the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Queensland, Australia, in Temple Bay about 200 km north-east of Iron Range National Park and Lockhart River on Cape York Peninsula.	Harvey Island	Australia
country	Fortun Church (Norwegian: Fortun kyrkje) is a parish church in Luster Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Fortun Church	Norway
country	Mongun-Taiga, also known as Mungun-Taiga (Tyvan: Мөңгүн-Тайга - Silver Mountain) is a massif in Mongun-Taiga kozhuun, Russia.	Mongun-Taiga	Russia
country	Utö hus (sometimes Utöhus, literally in Swedish Utö house) is a medieval manor in Uppland province, Sweden, on Utö island in lake Mälaren.	Utö hus	Sweden
country	Forstinning is connected to Germany's Autobahn network by an interchange onto Bundesautobahn 94.	Forstinning	Germany
country	Qasemabad-e Qanat Shur (Persian: قاسم ابادقنات شور‎, also Romanized as Qāsemābād-e Qanāt Shūr; also known as Qāsemābād) is a village in Kahrizak Rural District, Kahrizak District, Rey County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Qasemabad-e Qanat Shur	Iran
country	Gwadar International Airport (IATA: GWD, ICAO: OPGD) is a domestic and international airport situated 14 km (9 miles) north of the city centre of Gwadar, in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.	Gwadar International Airport	Pakistan
country	Pabaneh (Persian: پابنه‎, also Romanized as Pābaneh and Pā Boneh; also known as Pābanen and Pāy Boneh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bam County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Pabaneh	Iran
country	Located in the city of Maceió, the Federal University of Alagoas (Portuguese: Universidade Federal de Alagoas, UFAL or Ufal) is the major university in coastal state Alagoas and one of the main research centers in Brazilian north eastern region (one of the five regions of Brazil).	Federal University of Alagoas	Brazil
country	Taipei Public Library Beitou Branch (Chinese: 臺北市立圖書館北投分館; pinyin: Táiběi Shìlì Túshūguǎn Běitóu Fēnguǎn) is a public library in Beitou Park, located within Beitou District, northern Taipei, Taiwan.	Taipei Public Library Beitou Branch	Taiwan
country	Rihonor de Castilla is located in the shire of Senabria and belongs to the municipality of Pedralba de la Pradería, in the province of Zamora, Spain.	Rihonor de Castilla	Spain
country	Karşıyaka Basket is considered to be one of the most important basketball teams in all of Turkey.	Karşıyaka Basket	Turkey
country	Qatrani-ye Vosta (Persian: قطراني وسطي‎, also Romanized as Qaţrānī-ye Vosţá) is a village in Buzi Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Qatrani-ye Vosta	Iran
country	Ahla is a village and Union Council of Mandi Bahauddin District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Ahla	Pakistan
country	Kila Saifullah railway station (Urdu: قلعہ سیف اللہ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Pakistan.	Kila Saifullah railway station	Pakistan
country	Prespa (Greek: Πρέσπα, Macedonian: Преспа, Albanian: Prespa) is a region shared between Greece, Albania, and the Republic of Macedonia.	Prespa	Greece	Albania	Macedonia
country	Grodziszów (ɡrɔˈd͡ʑiʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siechnice, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Grodziszów	Poland
country	Quarantine Island / Kamau Taurua is the largest island in Otago Harbour, close to the city of Dunedin, New Zealand.	Quarantine Island / Kamau Taurua	New Zealand
country	Henrykowice (xɛnrɨkɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Heinrichsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milicz, within Milicz County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Henrykowice	Poland
country	Easy Being Green is one of the largest energy efficiency operators in Australia.	Easy Being Green	Australia
country	Gomulnik (ɡɔˈmulnik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątnica, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Gomulnik	Poland
country	Honing Hall is a Grade II* listed building which stands in a small estate close to the village of Honing in the English county of Norfolk within the United Kingdom.	Honing Hall	United Kingdom
country	La Ciotat (French pronunciation: ​(lasjɔˈta)) is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southern France.	La Ciotat	France
country	Swanport Bridge is a road bridge on Highway 1 in South Australia, spanning the Murray River about 4 km southeast of Murray Bridge.	Swanport Bridge	Australia
country	Helcmanovce(Selo) is a village and municipality in the Gelnica District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia.	Helcmanovce	Slovakia
country	Janicat is a settlement in the Vlorë County, southwestern Albania.	Janicat	Albania
country	Gornji Lakoš (Hungarian: Felsőlakos, Prekmurje Slovene: Gorenji Lakoš) is a village southwest of Lendava in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.	Gornji Lakoš	Slovenia
country	Ras Menheli is a point in Yemen on the coast of Bab-el-Mandeb close to the island of Perim.	Ras Menheli	Yemen
country	Karsibór (German: Kaseburg) is an island in the Oder Lagoon, Poland, which was created by the cutting of the Kaiserfahrt canal which separated it from the island of Usedom.	Karsibór	Poland
country	Jaber-e Ansar (Persian: جابرانصار‎, also Romanized as Jāber-e Anşār; also known as Shahrak-e Jāber-e Anşār) is a village in Jaber-e Ansar Rural District, in the Central District of Abdanan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Jaber-e Ansar	Iran
country	Shen County (simplified Chinese: 莘县; traditional Chinese: 莘縣; pinyin: Shēn Xiàn), or Shenxian, is a county of western Shandong province, People's Republic of China, bordering Henan to the south and Hebei to the west.	Shen County	People's Republic of China
country	The Jack Graney Award is presented by the Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame & Museum to a member of the Canadian media for their contributions to the game of baseball in Canada.	Jack Graney Award	Canada
country	Ganja State University (GDU, Azerbaijani: Gəncə Dövlət Universiteti) is a public university in Ganja, Azerbaijan.	Ganja State University	Azerbaijan
country	Piedruja parish (Latvian: Piedrujas pagasts) is an administrative unit of Krāslava Municipality, Latvia.	Piedruja parish	Latvia
country	Nahal Qana (Hebrew: נחל קנה‎) is an intermittent stream in Israel, the northernmost tributary of the Yarkon River.	Nahal Qana	Israel
country	The Schizophrenia Society of Ontario (SSO) is a charitable organization located in Ontario, Canada that exists to help those affected by schizophrenia.	Schizophrenia Society of Ontario	Canada
country	Biruaca is a city in Apure State in Venezuela.	Biruaca	Venezuela
country	The franc (/fræŋk/; French: (fʁɑ̃); sign: F or Fr), also commonly distinguished as the French franc (FF), was a currency of France.	French franc	France
country	The Minister of Bantu Administration and Development, and Bantu Education is a former political position in South Africa.	Minister of Bantu Administration and Development, and Bantu Education	South Africa
country	Bourscheid Castle (French: Château de Bourscheid, German: Burg Bourscheid, Luxembourgish: Buerg Buerschent) is located near the village of Bourscheid in north-eastern Luxembourg.	Bourscheid Castle	Luxembourg
country	Palaio Eleftherochori (Greek: Παλαιό Ελευθεροχώρι) is a village in Pieria, Greece.	Palaio Eleftherochori	Greece
country	Kerala University of Health Sciences is a medical university in the city of Thrissur in Kerala, India.	Kerala University of Health Sciences	India
country	Khonjesht (Persian: خنجشت‎; also known as Khongesht, Khongshet, and Khūngesht) is a village in Khonjesht Rural District, in the Central District of Eqlid County, Fars Province, Iran.	Khonjesht	Iran
country	Motihar Thana (Bengali: মতিহার থানা) is a thana of Rajshahi in Bangladesh.	Motihar Thana	Bangladesh
country	Matarnia (German: Mattern) is one of the quarters of the city of Gdańsk, Poland.	Matarnia	Poland
country	Showt County (Persian: شهرستان شوط‎) is a county in West Azerbaijan Province in Iran.	Showt County	Iran
country	Panchpota is a neighborhood of Kolkata, West Bengal India.	Panchpota	India
country	The Lac de Vouglans is the reservoir of the hydro-electric power station at Vouglans on the River Ain in the département of Jura in the region of Franche-Comté in eastern France.	Lac de Vouglans	France
country	Straubing Wallmühle Airport (IATA: RBM, ICAO: EDMS) is a regional airport in Germany, located about 3 miles north-northwest of Straubing (Bavaria).	Straubing Wallmühle Airport	Germany
country	Žažar (pronounced (ˈʒaːʒaɾ); German: Saschar or Schaschar) is a village in the hills southwest of Horjul in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Žažar	Slovenia
country	Mountain Records is a record label started in Cape Town, South Africa in 1980 by Patrick Lee-Thorp.	Mountain Records	South Africa
country	The Alligator Rivers is the name of an area in the Arnhem Land region of the Northern Territory of Australia, containing three rivers the East, West and South Alligator River.	Alligator Rivers	Australia
country	Stefanovikeio (Greek: Στεφανοβίκειο) is a small town in Thessaly, Greece.	Stefanovikeio	Greece
country	The Malone and Stranmillis Historic Urban Landscape featured on the 2010 tentative list of sites proposed for addition to the List of World Heritage Sites of the United Kingdom, as an area of architectural interest featuring examples of the Arts and Crafts Movement.	Stranmillis	United Kingdom
country	Choa Rajgan is a village of Gujrat District, Punjab, Pakistan in tehsil Sarai Alamgir.	Choa Rajgan	Pakistan
country	Augne (Occitan: Ònha) is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Limousin region in western France.	Augne	France
country	Liseh Rud (Persian: ليسه رود‎, also Romanized as Līseh Rūd and Līsehrūd) is a village in Moridan Rural District, Kumeleh District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Liseh Rud	Iran
country	Buynaksk (Russian: Буйна́кск; Avar: Шура, Shura) is a town in the Republic of Dagestan, Russia, located at the foothills of the Greater Caucasus on the Shura-Ozen River, 40 kilometers (25 mi) southwest of the republic's capital Makhachkala.	Buynaksk	Russia
country	Grivitsa (Bulgarian: Гривица, pronounced (ˈɡrivit͡sə); also transliterated as Grivitza or Grivica) is a village in Pleven Municipality, Pleven Province, central northern Bulgaria.	Grivitsa	Bulgaria
country	Athletics Ontario, formally Ontario Track and Field Association (OTAF), is the governing body of track and field in Ontario, Canada.	Athletics Ontario	Canada
country	Nonetheless, BFC Frankfurt is recognized as one of the earliest football clubs formed in Germany -- with some sources marking it as the country's first -- and it was also one of the founding clubs of the German Football Association (Deutscher Fussball Bund or German Football Association) at Leipzig in 1900.	BFC Frankfurt	Germany
country	Reloncaví Estuary (Spanish: Esturario de Reloncaví, archaic: Sin Fondo) is a fjord off Reloncaví Sound, located in Los Lagos Region of Chile.	Reloncaví Estuary	Chile
country	Proszówka (prɔˈʂufka) (German: Gräflich Neundorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfów Śląski, within Lwówek Śląski County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Proszówka	Poland
country	Holgate Brewhouse is a small, independent, family-owned brewery in Woodend, Victoria, Australia.	Holgate Brewhouse	Australia
country	With the view that much more could be expected of girls'' skills and talents during their school education, MLC School was one of the first schools in Australia to offer girls the same level of education as boys.	MLC School	Australia
country	Rogaguado Lake is a tropical fresh water in the northern Bolivia, in the Yacuma Province of the Beni Department.	Rogaguado Lake	Bolivia
country	The Ushkan Islands (Russian -- Ушканьи острова or Ushkanji Ostrova) are a small archipelago on Lake Baikal in Russia.	Ushkan Islands	Russia
country	Lausanne railway station (French: Gare de Lausanne) is the main intercity and regional railway station for the city of Lausanne, Vaud, Switzerland.	Lausanne railway station	Switzerland
country	Pati Point is the easternmost point of Guam.	Pati Point	Guam
country	Rata railway station was a station on the North Island Main Trunk in New Zealand, between Marton and Hunterville.	Rata railway station	New Zealand
country	Manonga River, also known as Manyonga, is a river in Tanzania, which flows eastwards into Lake Kitangiri.	Manonga River	Tanzania
country	Prebačevo (pronounced (pɾɛˈbaːtʃɛʋɔ)) is a village in the Municipality of Šenčur in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Prebačevo	Slovenia
country	The Castle of Charles V (Italian: Castello Carlo quinto; Leccese: Castellu Carlu Quintu), also known as the Castello di Lecce, is a castle in Lecce, Italy.	Castle of Charles V	Italy
country	Brown Willy (from Cornish Bronn Wennili, meaning ``hill of swallows'') is a hill in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Brown Willy	United Kingdom
country	The Agua del Toro Dam is an arch dam on the Diamante River about 63 kilometres (39 mi) west of San Rafael in Mendoza Province, Argentina.	Agua del Toro Dam	Argentina
country	Montepío is a small village on the Gulf Coast of Mexico, within the San Andrés Tuxtla municipio, Veracruz, 1 hour away from the major tourist center of Catemaco.	Montepío	Mexico
country	Wola Kudypska (ˈvɔla kuˈdɨpska) (German Wolla) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wola Kudypska	Poland
country	Cainta Church, ecclesiastically known as Our Lady of Light Parish Church (Spanish: Iglesia de Madre Santísima de la Luz) stands as one of the oldest churches established in the province of Rizal, Philippines.	Our Lady of Light Parish Church	Philippines
country	Reddipalli is a village in the Anantapur district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Reddipalli	India
country	The Churchill kimberlite field is a kimberlite field near Hudson Bay in Nunavut, Canada.	Churchill kimberlite field	Canada
country	Khommi (Persian: خمي‎, also Romanized as Khommī; also known as Khomeyn) is a village in Kuhpayeh Rural District Rural District, in the Central District of Bardaskan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khommi	Iran
country	Shirganji (Persian: شيرگنجي‎, also Romanized as Shīrganjī) is a village in Mishan Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shirganji	Iran
country	John Monash Science School is a state government coeducational specialist selective school in Victoria, Australia.	John Monash Science School	Australia
country	Agustiniano Norte School (also called Colegio Agustiniano Norte, North Augustinian School) is a private, catholic, independent school for men, teaching students from grades kindergarten - 11, located in Bogota, Colombia.	Colegio Agustiniano Norte	Colombia
country	The Mathematisch-Physikalischer Salon (German: (mateˈmaːtɪʃ fyziˈkaːlɪʃɐ zaˈloːn), Royal Cabinet of Mathematical and Physical Instruments) in Dresden, Germany, is a museum of historic clocks and scientific instruments.	Mathematisch-Physikalischer Salon	Germany
country	Turnše (pronounced (ˈtuːɾnʃɛ); in older sources also Turnišče) is a settlement south of Radomlje in the Municipality of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Turnše	Slovenia
country	The Burlina is a breed of cattle from the sub-alpine regions of north-east Italy.	Burlina	Italy
country	Butcher Island (Jawahar Dweep) is an island off the coast of Mumbai, India.	Butcher Island	India
country	Zorritos is a town in the Tumbes Region, in northwestern Peru.	Zorritos	Peru
country	Nalanda University (also known as Nalanda International University) is located in Rajgir, near Nalanda, Bihar, India.	Nalanda University	India
country	Nelson College is a boys-only state secondary school in Nelson, New Zealand.	Nelson College	New Zealand
country	Dolný Harmanec (German: Klein Hermans, Unter Hermanetz; Hungarian: Hermánd) is a village and municipality of the Banská Bystrica District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia.	Dolný Harmanec	Slovakia
country	Taltson River Airport (TC LID: CFW5), is located at Taltson River in the Northwest Territories, Canada.	Taltson River Airport	Canada
country	Podorabie (pɔdɔˈrabjɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czeremcha, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Podorabie	Poland
country	The Capitole de Québec is a Beaux Arts-style theatre in Quebec, Quebec, Canada.	Capitole de Québec	Canada
country	Al-Dimas (Arabic: الديماس‎), also known as Ad-Dimas, is a town in Syria, located west of the capital city of Damascus.	Al-Dimas	Syria
country	The Maghen Abraham Synagogue (Arabic: كنيس ماغين أبراهام‎ - ``Kanīs Mā'ghīn Abrā'hām''; Hebrew: בית הכנסת מגן אברהם‎ - ``Beth HaKenesset Maghen Abraham'') is one of the main synagogues in Lebanon.	Maghen Abraham Synagogue	Lebanon
country	Strugienice (struɡʲɛˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Strugienice	Poland
country	Lingambudhi Lake is a lake in the city of Mysore, India.	Lingambudhi Lake	India
country	Košeca (Hungarian: Kasza) is a village and municipality in Ilava District in the Trenčín Region of north-western Slovakia.	Košeca	Slovakia
country	The Interdisciplinary Center for Scientific Computing (short IWR) is a scientific research institute of the University of Heidelberg, Germany.	Interdisciplinary Center for Scientific Computing	Germany
country	Sitaq (Quechua, hispanicized spelling Citac) is a mountain in the Chunta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,304 metres (17,402 ft) high.	Sitaq	Peru
country	Stadion der Weltjugend was a multi-use stadium in the Mitte district of Berlin, Germany.	Stadion der Weltjugend	Germany
country	The Château de Crussol is a mostly-ruined 13th century limestone castle in the commune of Saint-Péray that dominates the valley of Rhône, just opposite Valence in the Ardèche département, Rhône-Alpes région of France.	Château de Crussol	France
country	Sint-Lievens-Houtem (Dutch pronunciation: (sɪnt ˌlivə(n)s ˈɦʌu̯təm), French Hautem-Saint-Liévin, not officially recognized) is a Dutch-speaking municipality of Belgium.	Sint-Lievens-Houtem	Belgium
country	Nykøbing Castle (Danish: Nykøbing Slot), now demolished, was located on today's Slotsbryggen in Nykøbing Falster, Denmark.	Nykøbing Castle	Denmark
country	Bellhouse Provincial Park is a provincial park in the southern Gulf Islands of British Columbia, Canada.	Bellhouse Provincial Park	Canada
country	Gypsum Factory, Isfahan (Persian: مجموعه کوره هاي گچ پزي‎ -- Mojmūʿeh Kūreh Hāy-e Gech Pazī) is a village and company town in Sistan Rural District, Kuhpayeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Gypsum Factory, Isfahan	Iran
country	Veliko Širje (pronounced (ˈʋeːlikɔ ˈʃiːɾjɛ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia.	Veliko Širje	Slovenia
country	Milejewo (milɛˈjɛvɔ) (German Trunz) is a village in Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Milejewo	Poland
country	Kremenchuk (Ukrainian: Кременчу́к, Russian: Кременчу́г, translit. Kremenchug), an important industrial city in central Ukraine, stands on the banks of the Dnieper River.	Kremenchuk	Ukraine
country	San Luis Río Colorado Airport (IATA: UAC, ICAO: MM76) is an airport located at San Luis Río Colorado, a city in the state of Sonora in Mexico.	San Luis Río Colorado Airport	Mexico
country	The International School Ibadan (ISI) is located on the Campus of the University of Ibadan, Nigeria's oldest university.	International School Ibadan	Nigeria
country	The Laconian Gulf (Greek: Λακωνικός Κόλπος, Lakonikos Kolpos), is a gulf in the south-eastern Peloponnese, in Greece.	Laconian Gulf	Greece
country	Top Class station is an administrative level given to stations by the Ministry of Railways of the People's Republic of China.	Top Class station	People's Republic of China
country	Kalateh-ye Mirza Rahim (Persian: كلاته ميرزارحيم‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Mīrzā Raḩīm) is a village in Azari Rural District, in the Central District of Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Mirza Rahim	Iran
country	Peñalara is the highest mountain peak in the mountain range of Guadarrama, a subsection of Spain's larger Sistema Central mountain chain which lies at the center and divides the Iberian Peninsula.	Peñalara	Spain
country	Ranjaki (Persian: رنجكي‎, also Romanized as Ranjaḵī) is a village in Tashan-e Sharqi Rural District, Tashan District, Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ranjaki	Iran
country	Phalaborwa is a town situated in the Mopani District Municipality, Limpopo province, South Africa.	Phalaborwa	South Africa
country	The Great South Gate (Chinese: 府城大南門; pinyin: Fǔchéng Dà Nán Mén) is a historical gate in West Central District, Tainan, Taiwan.	Great South Gate	Taiwan
country	The Wairau Hydro Scheme is a canal based hydroelectric project being developed by TrustPower on the Wairau River in Marlborough, New Zealand.	Wairau Hydro Scheme	New Zealand
country	Aruanã is a municipality in north-western Goiás state, Brazil.	Aruanã	Brazil
country	Dlouhá Stráň (German: Langenberg) is small village in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.	Dlouhá Stráň	Czech Republic
country	Nzo or N'Zoo is a town and sub-prefecture in the Lola Prefecture in the Nzérékoré Region of south-eastern Guinea.	Nzo	Guinea
country	Al-Zarah (Arabic: الزارة‎, also spelled Zara) is a village in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located west of Homs.	Al-Zarah	Syria
country	Ričica (Cyrillic: Ричица) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Ričica	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Maison du Roi (French pronunciation: ​(mɛzɔ̃ dy ʁwa), ``The King's Household'') was the name of the royal household of the King of France.	Maison du Roi	France
country	Hatte Lathan is a village in the Croix-des-Bouquets municipality of the Croix-des-Bouquets Arrondissement, in the Ouest Department of Haiti.	Hatte Lathan	Haiti
country	Paldal-gu is the central district of the city of Suwon in Gyeonggi-do, South Korea.	Paldal-gu	South Korea
country	Leuctra (Greek: Λεῦκτρα) was a village in ancient Greece, in Boeotia, seven miles southwest of Thebes.	Leuctra	Greece
country	Grantham Island is an uninhabited island occupying 51 ha of Proper Bay, Spencer Gulf, South Australia.	Grantham Island	Australia
country	Rzepiszew (ʐɛˈpʲiʂɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szadek, within Zduńska Wola County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Rzepiszew	Poland
country	Magdalenengarten is a baroque park in Hildesheim in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Magdalenengarten	Germany
country	The Slunjčica (natives also call it Slušnica) is a river, which flows through the Kordun region in central Croatia.	Slunjčica	Croatia
country	Bućki (ˈbut͡ɕki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przerośl, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Bućki	Poland
country	Santiago Tianguistenco, often just simply called Tianguistenco, is a city and municipality located in Mexico State about thirty km south of the state capital of Toluca.	Santiago Tianguistenco	Mexico
country	These new programs have brought Intereconomía TV 1.2% of the television share in Spain in June 2010, a historical record of a new channel.	Intereconomía TV	Spain
country	Bosöns IK was a sports club in Bosön, Sweden.	Bosöns IK	Sweden
country	Porto Palermo Castle (Albanian: Kalaja e Porto Palermos) is a castle near Himarë in southern Albania.	Porto Palermo Castle	Albania
country	Since the second half of the 19th century, Putney has been one of the most significant centres for rowing in the United Kingdom.	Putney	United Kingdom
country	Deh Now-e Shur (Persian: دهنوشور‎, also Romanized as Deh Now-e Shūr; also known as Dehnow-e Sarbor) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Deh Now-e Shur	Iran
country	Rieneck is a town in the Main-Spessart district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia (Unterfranken) in Bavaria, Germany.	Rieneck	Germany
country	Javorina was a military district in the Kežmarok District in northern Slovakia, in the Levoča Hills.	Javorina	Slovakia
country	Abasxanlı (also, Abaskhanly) is a village and municipality in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Abasxanlı	Azerbaijan
country	Tuy Hòa Base Camp (also known as Phú Hiệp Airfield or Phú Hiệp Army Airfield) is a former U.S. Army base southeast of Tuy Hòa in Phú Yên Province Vietnam.	Tuy Hòa Base Camp	Vietnam
country	Topolšica (pronounced (tɔˈpoːu̯ʃitsa) or (tɔˈpoːlʃitsa)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Šoštanj in northern Slovenia.	Topolšica	Slovenia
country	Geographical Society Island (Danish: Geografisk Samfund Ø) is an island in northeastern Greenland with area 1,717 km².	Geographical Society Island	Greenland
country	Robert L. Bradshaw International Airport (IATA: SKB, ICAO: TKPK) is an international airport located just northeast of Basseterre, on the island of Saint Kitts, serving the nation of Saint Kitts and Nevis.	Robert L. Bradshaw International Airport	Saint Kitts and Nevis
country	The Ain es Saheb airstrike occurred on October 5, 2003 and was the first overt Israeli military operation in Syria since the 1973 Yom Kippur War.	Ain es Saheb airstrike	Syria
country	Bytomiec (bɨˈtɔmjɛt͡s) (German: Siebenbeuthen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maszewo, within Krosno Odrzańskie County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Bytomiec	Poland
country	The Riad Seif Forum (also called Forum for National Dialogue) is or was a political forum, or muntadat, founded by ``businessman-turned-dissident'' Riad Seif, promoting political debate and freedom in Syria.	Riad Seif Forum	Syria
country	The Pobednik (Lit: The Victor) monument was set up in the Upper Town of Belgrade Fortress in Belgrade, built to commemorate Serbia's victory over Ottoman and Austro-Hungarian Empire during the Balkan Wars and the First World War.	Pobednik	Serbia
country	Pałówko (paˈwufkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Postomino, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Pałówko	Poland
country	Payas (Arabic: بياس ‎, also called Yakacık) is a town in Hatay Province, Turkey.	Payas	Turkey
country	Frederiksberg Gymnasium is an upper secondary school (Danish gymnasium) in the Frederiksberg district of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Frederiksberg Gymnasium	Denmark
country	Cape Roxo (Portuguese: Cabo Roxo, French: Cap Roxo), is a headland in West Africa, marking the westernmost frontier of Guinea-Bissau with Senegal.	Cape Roxo	Guinea-Bissau	Senegal
country	Novy Yurkovich (Russian: Новые Юрковичи) is a rural locality (a selo) in Klimovsky District, Bryansk Oblast, Russia.	Novy Yurkovich	Russia
country	Star chitak (Bulgarian: Стар читак) is a village in Ardino Municipality, Kardzhali Province, southern-central Bulgaria.	Star chitak	Bulgaria
country	The West of Wied ix-Xaqqa to Wied Maqbul Cliffs Important Bird Area comprises a 21 ha linear strip of cliffed coastline at Birżebbuġa, on the south-eastern coast of the main island of Malta, in the Maltese archipelago of the Mediterranean Sea.	West of Wied ix-Xaqqa to Wied Maqbul Cliffs Important Bird Area	Malta
country	San Carlos de Bariloche Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto de San Carlos de Bariloche) (IATA: BRC, ICAO: SAZS), also known as Teniente Luis Candelaria Airport, is an international airport serving the city of San Carlos de Bariloche, Río Negro, Argentina.	San Carlos de Bariloche Airport	Argentina
country	Sanjerd (Persian: سنجرد‎) is a village in Shamkan Rural District, Sheshtomad District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sanjerd	Iran
country	Bocaranga is a sub-prefecture in the prefecture of Ouham-Pendé in Central African Republic.	Bocaranga	Central African Republic
country	Minami-Fukumitsu is the name given to an HVDC back-to-back station for the interconnection of the power grids of West and Eastern Japan.	Minami-Fukumitsu	Japan
country	Nova 96.9 (call sign: 2SYD) is a commercial radio station operating in Sydney, Australia.	Nova 96.9	Australia
country	Broadway Cinema is an independent cinema in the city of Nottingham, United Kingdom.	Broadway Cinema	United Kingdom
country	Atakule is a 125 m (410 feet) high communications and observation tower located in the Çankaya district of central Ankara, Turkey, and is one of the primary landmarks of the city.	Atakule	Turkey
country	Herräng (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈhærːˌɛŋ)) is the northernmost locality in Norrtälje Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden, with 422 inhabitants in 2010.	Herräng	Sweden
country	Ko Wai (Thai: เกาะหวาย) is a small island in Ko Chang Archipelago, Trat Province, eastern Thailand.	Ko Wai	Thailand
country	DigitalNZ is a service run by the National Library of New Zealand and funded by the New Zealand Government.	DigitalNZ	New Zealand
country	Lamia River is a river in western Uganda in Bundibugyo District.	Lamia River	Uganda
country	When the municipal system was introduced in the Netherlands in 1812, Vrijhoeven became a part of the municipality of Ter Aar, but in 1817, Vrijhoeven became a separate municipality again.	Vrijhoeven	Netherlands
country	Bagan (Burmese: ပုဂံ; MLCTS: pu.gam, IPA: (bəɡàɴ); formerly Pagan) is an ancient city located in the Mandalay Region of Myanmar .	Bagan	Myanmar
country	Pivka railway station (Slovene: Železniška postaja Pivka) is a significant railway station in Pivka, Slovenia.	Pivka railway station	Slovenia
country	Juanda International Airport (JIA) (Indonesian: Bandar Udara Internasional Juanda) (IATA: SUB, ICAO: WARR), is an international airport located in Sedati, Sidoarjo and one of the major airports of Indonesia.	Juanda International Airport	Indonesia
country	The Haymarket Memorial Clock Tower is a major landmark and popular meeting point in Leicester, United Kingdom.	Haymarket Memorial Clock Tower	United Kingdom
country	Cape Angela (Arabic: رأس أنجلة ‎) is a rocky headland in Bizerte, Tunisia.	Cape Angela	Tunisia
country	Qarah Kenar (Persian: قره كنار‎, also Romanized as Qarah Kenār) is a village in Mishan Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Qarah Kenar	Iran
country	Regal Heights is an upper-middle-class neighbourhood enclave located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Regal Heights	Canada
country	Les Avants is a village in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.	Les Avants	Switzerland
country	ss As of 2001 India census, Marandahalli had a population of 25,000.	Marandahalli	India
country	Bareh Posht (Persian: بره پشت‎; also known as Baraposht) is a village in Kuhestani-ye Talesh Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bareh Posht	Iran
country	Bouillon Castle (French: Château de Bouillon) is a medieval castle in the town of Bouillon in the province of Luxembourg, Belgium.	Bouillon Castle	Belgium
country	The Co-Cathedral of Saint-Antoine-de-Padoue (French: Co-cathédrale Saint-Antoine-de-Padoue) is a co-cathedral in Longueuil, Quebec, Canada, on Montreal's south shore.	Co-Cathedral of Saint-Antoine-de-Padoue	Canada
country	Sõmeri is an uninhabited island belonging to the country of Estonia.	Sõmeri	Estonia
country	Lagonoy Gulf is a large gulf in the Bicol Peninsula of Luzon island in the Philippines.	Lagonoy Gulf	Philippines
country	Benewicze (bɛnɛˈvit͡ʂɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Pyzdry, within Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Benewicze	Poland
country	Strzeżów Pierwszy (ˈstʂɛʐuf ˈpjɛrfʂɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miechów, within Miechów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Strzeżów Pierwszy	Poland
country	Remada Air Base (ICAO: DTTD) is a military airport serving Remada in Tunisia.	Remada Air Base	Tunisia
country	Dickson Glacier is located in Torres del Paine National Park of southern Chile.	Dickson Glacier	Chile
country	Mezdra (Bulgarian: Мездра) is a town in northwestern Bulgaria, part of Vratsa Province.	Mezdra	Bulgaria
country	Bielanki (bjɛˈlaŋki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny, within Brzeziny County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Bielanki	Poland
country	Krani (Macedonian: Крани; Albanian: Kranjë) is a village in the Resen Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia, roughly 19 kilometres (12 mi) south of the municipal centre of Resen.	Krani	Macedonia
country	Sobieszów (German: Hermsdorf unterm Kynast) is a part of the town of Jelenia Góra in Poland.	Sobieszów	Poland
country	The Around the Mountains Cycle Trail has been funded as one of the projects of the New Zealand Cycle Trail.	Around the Mountains Cycle Trail	New Zealand
country	Juma Khan Dobal(Urdu: جمعہ خان ڈوبل‎), is a village in Kandiaro Taluka of Naushahro Feroze District, Sindh, Pakistan.	Juma Khan Dobal	Pakistan
country	Siah Darka (Persian: سياه دركا‎, also Romanized as Sīāh Darkā and Seyāh Darkā) is a village in Babol Kenar Rural District, Babol Kenar District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Siah Darka	Iran
country	Ponte da Barca (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈpõt(ɨ) ðɐ ˈβaɾkɐ)) is a municipality in the district of Viana do Castelo in Portugal.	Ponte da Barca	Portugal
country	Mięguszowiecki Summits are a group of three major summits in the main ridge of the Tatra Mountains in Poland.	Mięguszowiecki Summits	Poland
country	5MMM (identified on air and in print as Triple M Adelaide) is a radio station broadcasting in Adelaide, Australia.	5MMM	Australia
country	Mont Ruan is the westernmost mountain rising above 3,000 metres in Switzerland.	Mont Ruan	Switzerland
country	Ayapango is a small town and municipality located in the southeast portion of the State of Mexico, southeast of Mexico City.	Ayapango	Mexico
country	Ang Chee Sia Ong Temple is a Taoist, Mahayana Buddhism and Confucianism temple located in West Coast, Singapore.	Ang Chee Sia Ong Temple	Singapore
country	Monaro Panthers FC (formerly known as Inter Monaro) is an Australian Association football club based in the city of Queanbeyan New South Wales Australia.	Monaro Panthers FC	Australia
country	Cape Arid National Park is a national park in Western Australia, 731 kilometres (454 mi) south-east of Perth.	Cape Arid National Park	Australia
country	Zürich Oerlikon railway station (German: Bahnhof Zürich Oerlikon) is a railway station located at Oerlikon in the city of Zurich, Switzerland.	Zürich Oerlikon railway station	Switzerland
country	Pico Almenara is a 1796 m high mountain in Spain.	Pico Almenara	Spain
country	Lokanatha Siva Temple also Amunha Deula is an 11th-century AD temple in Bhubaneswar (Lat.20°14''26''N., Long.85°50''05''E., Elev.71 ft) in the state of Orissa, India.	Lokanatha Siva Temple	India
country	Kaimganj is connected to all the major cities of north India by roads and Railway network.	Kaimganj	India
country	Saint-Martin-d'Ardèche is a commune in the department of Ardèche in Southern France.	Saint-Martin-d'Ardèche	France
country	The Brünig railway line (German: Brünigbahn) is a Swiss narrow gauge railway line that links Lucerne, in central Switzerland, with Interlaken, in the Bernese Oberland.	Brünig railway line	Switzerland
country	The Castle of Turégano (Spanish: Castillo de Turégano) is an ancient fortress located in the town of Turégano in the province of Segovia, Spain.	Castle of Turégano	Spain
country	Quebradanegra (Spanish pronunciation: (keβɾaðaˈneɣɾa)) is a municipality and town of Colombia in the department of Cundinamarca.	Quebradanegra	Colombia
country	Darling Point Road is one of the main roads within the suburb Darling Point in the Eastern Suburbs of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Darling Point Road	Australia
country	North Aceh Regency (Indonesian: Kabupaten Aceh Utara) is a regency in Nanggroe Aceh Darussalam (Aceh Special District), in Indonesia.	North Aceh Regency	Indonesia
country	The Tasmanian Land Conservancy (TLC) is a non-profit, non governmental organisation that acquires and manages land in Tasmania, Australia, protecting important natural places for biodiversity conservation.	Tasmanian Land Conservancy	Australia
country	The Intercollegiate Center for Classical Studies in Rome (ICCS) is an overseas study center located in Rome, Italy for undergraduate students in fields related to Classical Studies.	Intercollegiate Center for Classical Studies	Italy
country	The University Endowment Lands (UEL) is an unincorporated area that lies to the west of the city of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, surrounding the University of British Columbia.	University Endowment Lands	Canada
country	Mattersburg (formerly Mattersdorf, Hungarian: Nagymarton, Croatian: Materštof) is a town in Burgenland, Austria.	Mattersburg	Austria
country	Teddywaddy West is a locality in the local government area of the Shire of Buloke, Victoria, Australia.	Teddywaddy West	Australia
country	The Grosser Mythen (also Grosse Mythe) is a mountain in the Schwyzer Alps of Central Switzerland.	Grosser Mythen	Switzerland
country	Arbesbach is an Austrian municipality in the district of Zwettl in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.	Arbesbach	Austria
country	Stogovka (Russian: Стоговка) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kuzovatovsky District of Ulyanovsk Oblast, Russia.	Stogovka	Russia
country	Wamp'ar (Quechua for tripod, hispanicized spelling Huampar) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 4,800 m (15,748 ft) high.	Wamp'ar	Peru
country	The College of Engineering, Guindy (CEG) is a public engineering college in Chennai, India.	College of Engineering, Guindy	India
country	Planning for Sustainable Waste Management commonly abbreviated as PPS 10, is a document produced by the British Government and forms part of the national waste management plan for the United Kingdom.	PPS 10	United Kingdom
country	Jurisics Castle, named after Croatian nobleman Nikola Jurišić (Hungarian: Miklós Jurisics) is located in Kőszeg, Hungary.	Jurisics Castle	Hungary
country	Motormännens riksförbund is an organization for motor vehicle-owners in Sweden.	Motormännens riksförbund	Sweden
country	Franskraalstrand, also known as Franskraal, is a coastal village near to Gansbaai in the Western Cape province of South Africa.	Franskraalstrand	South Africa
country	The picturesque lake Körbersee is southwest of the village Egg in Vorarlberg at 1600 m amsl in Austria.	Körbersee	Austria
country	Eremo di San Colombano is a monastery in Trambileno, Italy, notable for its location in the side of a mountain.	Eremo di San Colombano	Italy
country	The Cacheu River Mangroves Natural Park (Portuguese: Parque Natural dos Tarrafes do Rio Cacheu) is a national park situated on the Cacheu River in Guinea-Bissau.	Cacheu River Mangroves Natural Park	Guinea-Bissau
country	The Two Oceans Aquarium is an aquarium located at the Victoria & Alfred Waterfront in Cape Town, Western Cape, South Africa.	Two Oceans Aquarium	South Africa
country	The Kleine Kinzig Dam (German: Talsperre Kleine Kinzig or Kleine-Kinzig-Talsperre) is a dam which was commissioned in 1984 in Reinerzau near Freudenstadt in Germany's Black Forest.	Kleine Kinzig Dam	Germany
country	Juquila District is located in the center of the Costa Region of the State of Oaxaca, Mexico, on the Pacific coast.	Juquila District	Mexico
country	Dobrićevo Monastery (Serbian Cyrillic: Манастир Добрићево) is a Serbian Orthodox monastery built in the first half of the 13th century in the Kingdom of Serbia (modern-day Republic of Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina).	Dobrićevo Monastery	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Fazilka is a city and a municipal council in Punjab, India.	Fazilka	India
country	Sutorina (pronounced (sûtɔrina)) is a village and a river in southwestern Montenegro.	Sutorina	Montenegro
country	Hacıağalar (also, Hacağalar) is a village in the municipality of Qamqam in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Hacıağalar	Azerbaijan
country	Komańcza (kɔˈmaɲt͡ʂa) (Ukrainian: Команча, Komancha) is a village in the Sanok County, in the Subcarpathian Voivodeship (province) of south-eastern Poland.	Komańcza	Poland
country	RTVC Sistema de Medios Públicos (``RTVC Public Media System'', RTVC SMP) is Colombia's state-owned national broadcaster, controlled by the Ministry of Information Technologies and Communications.	RTVC Sistema de Medios Públicos	Colombia
country	Tasman Lake is a proglacial lake formed by the recent retreat of the Tasman Glacier in New Zealand's South Island.	Tasman Lake	New Zealand
country	Terawhiti Station is one of New Zealand's oldest and largest sheep stations, located along the south coast of Wellington.	Terawhiti Station	New Zealand
country	Hacıselli (also, Gadzhiselli and Gadzhyselli) is a village and municipality in the Yevlakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Hacıselli	Azerbaijan
country	Jownush (Persian: جونوش‎, also Romanized as Jownūsh; also known as Jonūsh) is a village in Farmahin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Jownush	Iran
country	Kojdy (ˈkɔi̯dɨ) (German: Koiden) is a city in the administrative district of Gmina Łukta, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kojdy	Poland
country	Pantai Leka is a beach and bird sanctuary in Parit Jawa, about 10 kilometres from Muar, in Johor, Malaysia; it has an area of approximately twenty hectares and provides food and shelter for migratory birds.	Pantai Leka	Malaysia
country	Kawinza is a village and archaeological site in the Goundam Cercle, Timbuktu Region, Mali.	Kawinza	Mali
country	Burswood canal was one of the earliest public works conducted in the Swan River Colony (Now Western Australia) on the Burswood peninsula on the Swan River in the 1830s.	Burswood canal	Australia
country	Nasir County is an administrative area in Upper Nile state, South Sudan.	Nasir County	South Sudan
country	Bandbon-e Kabud Tabar (Persian: بندبن كبودتبار‎, also Romanized as Bandbon-e Kabūd Tabār) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bandbon-e Kabud Tabar	Iran
country	The Cretan Anthem (Greek: Κρητικός Ύμνος, Kritikos Ymnos), was the national anthem of the Cretan State, adopted in 1898.	Cretan Anthem	Cretan State
country	The Coroners Court of Queensland is a court in Queensland, a state of Australia.	Coroners Court of Queensland	Australia
country	The Matecaña City Zoo (Zoológico Matecaña) is located in Pereira, Colombia, the work of the Society of Public Improvements Pereira, who on January 26, 1951, through a management buy the 17 hectares (42 acres) of farm Matecaña.	Matecaña City Zoo	Colombia
country	Atsarat (also, Hatsarat and Pashakend) is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Atsarat	Armenia
country	Pumawiri (hispanicized spelling Pumahuiri) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 4,800 m (15,748 ft) high.	Pumawiri	Peru
country	Slivnitsa (Bulgarian: Сливница) is a town in western Bulgaria, 22 km away from Sofia, lying on the main road connecting the capital with the Bulgarian-Serbian border.	Slivnitsa	Bulgaria
country	Schisò Castle (in Italian Castello di Schisò) is a 16th-century fortress on Cape Schisò in Giardini Naxos, Sicily, Italy.	Schisò Castle	Italy
country	Guingamp (French: (ɡɛ̃ˈɡɑ̃); Breton: Gwengamp) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Guingamp	France
country	Geliniatika (Greek: Γελινιάτικα; Geliniátika) is a village belonging to the municipality of Xylokastro, in the region of Corinth, Greece.	Geliniatika	Greece
country	The South Adelaide Basketball Club (SABC), nicknamed the Panthers, was formed in 1952 as one of the foundation clubs in the sport of basketball in South Australia.	South Adelaide Basketball Club	Australia
country	Borkowo-Falenta (bɔrˈkɔvɔ faˈlɛnta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernice Borowe, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Borkowo-Falenta	Poland
country	Kerbonn is a village in the commune of Camaret-sur-Mer in France, between the pointe de Pen-Hir and the pointe du Toulinguet, on the Crozon peninsula.	Kerbonn	France
country	Hijborak (Persian: هیجبارَک ‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Hijborak	Tajikistan
country	Carthage Palace, officially called Palace of the Republic (قصر الجمهورية), is the presidential palace of Tunisia and the siege and residency place of the President of Tunisia.	Carthage Palace	Tunisia
country	Zimsar (Persian: زيمسار‎, also Romanized as Zīmsār) is a village in Tulem Rural District, Tulem District, Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Zimsar	Iran
country	The Sơn Mỹ Memorial (Di tích Sơn Mỹ) is a memorial to victims of the My Lai Massacre in Son My, Vietnam.	Sơn Mỹ Memorial	Vietnam
country	The Houla massacre (Arabic: مجزرة الحولة‎) was an attack that took place on May 25, 2012, in the midst of the Syrian civil war, in the town of Taldou, in the Houla Region of Syria, a string of towns northwest of Homs.	Houla massacre	Syria
country	Terry Fox Secondary School is a school with approximately 1500 students in Port Coquitlam, British Columbia, Canada.	Terry Fox Secondary School	Canada
country	Luckau (Lower Sorbian: Łuków) is a city in the district of Dahme-Spreewald in the federal state of Brandenburg, Germany.	Luckau	Germany
country	Issoire Aviation, established in Issoire, France, 30 km (19 mi) from Clermont-Ferrand, is an aircraft manufacturer founded in 1978 to take on the work of Wassmer Aviation.	Issoire Aviation	France
country	Aksakovo (Bulgarian: Аксаково) is a town in Varna Province, Northeastern Bulgaria.	Aksakovo	Bulgaria
country	Aalesund University College (Norwegian: Høgskolen i Ålesund) is a medium sized institution of higher education in Norway with 2249 students and 224 employees.	Aalesund University College	Norway
country	Bangkok Fashion City project was a campaign under the Ministry of Industry of Thailand.	Bangkok Fashion City	Thailand
country	J.J Mall is a large air-conditioned shopping complex which is situated in the heart of Chatuchak district, Bangkok, Thailand.	J.J Mall	Thailand
country	Oberägeri, until 1798 simply known as Ägeri, is a municipality in the canton of Zug in Switzerland.	Oberägeri	Switzerland
country	During the widespread chaos that followed the revolution loyalists to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant managed to settle in the port city of Derna and, in February 2015, launched an attack that managed to seize Sirte.	Sirte	Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant
country	São Pedro da Afurada (or simply Afurada) is a former civil parish in the municipality of Vila Nova de Gaia, Portugal.	São Pedro da Afurada	Portugal
country	Qeshlaq-e Aghjaran (Persian: قشلاق اغجاران‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Aghjārān) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Aghjaran	Iran
country	Pużyce (puˈʐɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyce, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pużyce	Poland
country	Spychówko (spɨˈxufkɔ) (German: Klein Puppen) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Spychówko	Poland
country	Pays-d'Enhaut District (English: Highlands) is a district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.	Pays-d'Enhaut District	Switzerland
country	Neuendettelsau is a local authority in Middle Franconia, Germany.	Neuendettelsau	Germany
country	Tradera.com is one of the leading online commerce services in Sweden, with over 2,5 million members and about one million listings (2011).	Tradera	Sweden
country	Vestamager most often refers to Kalvebod Fælled, but is also the name of one of the 15 administrative, statistical, and tax city districts (bydele) comprising the municipality of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Vestamager	Denmark
country	Dunsink (Irish: Dún Sinche, meaning ``Fort of Sinneach'') is a townland in the civil parish of Castleknock, Dublin, in Ireland.	Dunsink	Ireland
country	Playa Zancudo is a village in Puntarenas Province, Costa Rica near the Golfo Dulce.	Playa Zancudo	Costa Rica
country	Kraśnik (ˈkraɕɲik) is a town in eastern Poland with 35,602 inhabitants (2012), situated in the Lublin Voivodeship, historic Lesser Poland.	Kraśnik	Poland
country	Amalal (Persian: املل‎, also Romanized as Āmalal) is a village in Saroleh Rural District, Meydavud District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Amalal	Iran
country	The Municipality of Dravograd (Slovene: Občina Dravograd) a municipality in northern Slovenia, on the border with Austria.	Municipality of Dravograd	Slovenia
country	Khichuqaqa (Quechua khichu a piece of a whole, fraction, qaqa rock, also spelled K'echuqaqa) is an archaeological site in Peru with rock paintings and tombs nearby.	Khichuqaqa	Peru
country	Government Nizamia General Hospital popularly known as Government Unani Hospital is a public hospital located in Hyderabad, Telangana, India.	Government Nizamia General Hospital	India
country	The Ensted Power Station (also known as the Aabenraa Power Station) (Danish: Enstedværket) is a thermal power plant in Aabenraa, Denmark.	Ensted Power Station	Denmark
country	The Museo Nacional de San Carlos (English: National Museum of San Carlos) is a Mexican national art museum devoted to European art, located in the Cuauhtémoc borough in Mexico City.	Museo Nacional de San Carlos	Mexico
country	Dworackie (dvɔˈrat͡skʲɛ) (German: Dworatzken, 1934-45 Herrendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno, within Olecko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Dworackie	Poland
country	Gwennap Head (Cornish: Toll Pedn Pennwydh, meaning holed head of Penwith) (grid reference SW3621) is a headland on the south coast of the Penwith peninsula, Cornwall, United Kingdom.	Gwennap Head	United Kingdom
country	Oropos (Greek: Ωρωπός), or (referring to the ancient town) Oropus, is a small town and a municipality in East Attica, Greece.	Oropos	Greece
country	Girgaon, also spelt formerly Girgaum, is an area in southern Mumbai in Maharashtra, India.	Girgaon	India
country	Peremyshliany (Ukrainian: Перемишляни, Polish: Przemyślany, Yiddish: פרימישלאן‎) is a town in Lviv Oblast (region) of Ukraine.	Peremyshliany	Ukraine
country	The ruined castle of Güntersburg stands about 2 km (1.2 mi) southwest of Güntersberge in the Harz mountain range of central Germany.	Güntersburg	Germany
country	Gavlfjorden is a fjord (more accurately, a sound) in the municipality of Øksnes in Nordland county, Norway.	Gavlfjorden	Norway
country	Vranov nad Dyjí (German: Frain) is a market town in the Czech Republic with 888 inhabitants.	Vranov nad Dyjí	Czech Republic
country	Huramzai is a town located in the Pishin District of Balochistan province, Pakistan.	Huramzai	Pakistan
country	The Maastricht Academy of Dramatic Arts (Dutch: Toneelacademie Maastricht) is a college of dramatic arts located in the city of Maastricht in the Netherlands.	Maastricht Academy of Dramatic Arts	Netherlands
country	Deh-e Morghu (Persian: ده مرغو‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Morghū; also known as Marghu, Marghū Kharābeh, and Mārkū) is a village in Kavirat Rural District, Chatrud District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Morghu	Iran
country	EDP Sciences is under the joint ownership of the Société Française de Physique, the Société Chimique de France, the Société de Mathématiques Appliquées et Industrielles and the Société française d'optique.	EDP Sciences	France
country	Batería de San Genís is a battery located in San Fernando in the Province of Cádiz, Andalusia, Spain.	Batería de San Genís	Spain
country	The Cuenca del Papaloapan Region is in the north of the state of Oaxaca, Mexico where the foothills of the Sierra Madre de Oaxaca meet the coastal plain of Veracruz.	Papaloapan Region	Mexico
country	Bertschikon bei Attikon (or Bertschikon) is a former municipality in the district of Winterthur in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.	Bertschikon bei Attikon	Switzerland
country	Ballaghaderreen railway station was a station which served Ballaghaderreen in County Roscommon, Ireland.	Ballaghaderreen railway station	Ireland
country	Łęcznowola (wɛnt͡ʂnɔˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Łęcznowola	Poland
country	Strzegowo (stʂɛˈɡɔvɔ) is a village on the Wkra river in Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Strzegowo	Poland
country	Sant'Anna dei Lombardi, (Italian St. Anne of the Lombards), and also known as Santa Maria di Monte Oliveto, is an ancient church and convent in located in Piazza Monteoliveto in central Naples, Italy.	Sant'Anna dei Lombardi	Italy
country	Dolneni (Macedonian: Долнени ) is a village in central Republic of Macedonia, at the center of the plain of Prilepsko Pole (Prilep field), 10 km northwest of Prilep city.	Dolneni	Macedonia
country	Al Khor Airport (ICAO: OTBK) is located South of Al Khor in Qatar.	Al Khor Airport	Qatar
country	Otago Harbour is the natural harbour of Dunedin, New Zealand, consisting of a long, much-indented stretch of generally navigable water separating the Otago Peninsula from the mainland.	Otago Harbour	New Zealand
country	The Lake Wellesley is a lake in Yukon, Canada with an area of 72 km².	Lake Wellesley	Canada
country	Tafas (Arabic: طفس‎, also spelled Tafs or Tuffas) is a town in southern Syria, administratively part of the Daraa Governorate, located north of Daraa.	Tafas	Syria
country	The Collège de Montréal is a private high school for students attending grades 7--11 located in downtown Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Collège de Montréal	Canada
country	Cerro de las Ánimas (``Hill of the Souls'', formerly known as Mirador Nacional) is a peak and the second highest point of Uruguay, with an altitude of 501 metres (1,643.7 ft).	Cerro de las Ánimas	Uruguay
country	Vouprasia (Greek: Βουπρασία) is a former municipality in Elis, West Greece, Greece.	Vouprasia	Greece
country	The Ministry of Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution is a government ministry of India.	Ministry of Consumer Affairs	India
country	Big Stony Petrel Island is an island game reserve with an area of 7.2 ha, in south-eastern Australia.	Big Stony Petrel Island	Australia
country	Kaluk is the small village located in the Himalayan foothills of West Sikkim, near the West Sikkim capital of Gyalshing in North India.	Kaluk	India
country	The Mining and Gothic Museum (in German: Bergbau- & Gotikmuseum) in Leogang, Austria is dedicated to the documentation of late medieval sacral art in relation to the culture of mining.	Mining and Gothic Museum	Austria
country	Technical University of Košice (Slovak: Technická univerzita v Košiciach) is the second largest university of technology in Slovakia.	Technical University of Košice	Slovakia
country	Shirin Kandi (Persian: شيرين كندي‎, also Romanized as Shīrīn Kandī; also known as Shīrīn Kandī-ye Jadīd) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District, in the Central District of Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shirin Kandi	Iran
country	Stavroupoli (Greek: Σταυρούπολη, Crosstown) is a suburb of the Thessaloniki Urban Area and was a former municipality in the regional unit of Thessaloniki, Greece.	Stavroupoli	Greece
country	Ghadduwah is a Saharan desert oasis town in the Fezzan region of southwest Libya.	Ghadduwah	Libya
country	Lake Zhalanashkol (Kazakh: Жалаңашкөл, literally ``Bare Lake'', or ``Exposed Lake''; Russian: Жаланашколь) is a freshwater lake in the eastern part of Kazakhstan, on the border of Almaty Province (Alakol District) and East Kazakhstan Province (Urzhar District).	Lake Zhalanashkol	Kazakhstan
country	The Melbourne Fringe Festival is an annual independent arts festival held in Melbourne, Australia and the second largest in Australia after the Adelaide Fringe Festival.	Melbourne Fringe Festival	Australia
country	Roman Umbria is a modern name for one of the 11 administrative regions into which the emperor Augustus divided Italy.	Roman Umbria	Italy
country	Tawqa Urqu (Quechua tawqa heap, pile, urqu mountain, ``heap mountain'', hispanicized spelling Tauca, Tauja Orjo) is a mountain in the Cusco Region in Peru, about 4,624 metres (15,171 ft) high.	Tawqa Urqu	Peru
country	The Church of Santa María (Lebeña) (Spanish: Iglesia de Santa María (Lebeña)) is a church located in Cillorigo de Liébana, Spain.	Church of Santa María (Lebeña)	Spain
country	Bogoria Dolna (bɔˈɡɔrja ˈdɔlna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Bogoria Dolna	Poland
country	'Aima Bari' is a small village located near Kala Depot in Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.	Aima Bari	Pakistan
country	České Libchavy (German: Böhmisch Lichwe) is a village in the Ústí nad Orlicí District, Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.	České Libchavy	Czech Republic
country	Thorndon Railway Station in Wellington, New Zealand was opened in 1885 as the southern terminus of the Wellington and Manawatu Railway Company's Wellington-Manawatu Line.	Thorndon Railway Station	New Zealand
country	The Basilica of Maxentius and Constantine (sometimes known as the Basilica Nova - meaning ``new basilica'' - or Basilica of Maxentius) is an ancient building in the Roman Forum, Rome, Italy.	Basilica of Maxentius	Italy
country	Saint-Germer-de-Fly Abbey is a former Benedictine abbey located in the village of Saint-Germer-de-Fly, in Picardy in the Oise département of France.	Saint-Germer-de-Fly Abbey	France
country	Falakro Oros (Greek: Φαλακρό όρος, English: ``Bald mountain''; Bulgarian: Боздаг, Bozdag; Turkish: Bozdağ) is a mountain in the Drama regional unit, eastern Greek Macedonia, northern Greece.	Falakro	Greece
country	Gelanthi (Greek: Γελάνθη) is a village in the municipality of Mouzaki, in the Karditsa regional unit, Greece.	Gelanthi	Greece
country	Firmo is a town and comune in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy with major community of ethnic Albanians.	Firmo	Italy
country	Québec/Lac Saint-Augustin Water Airport (TC LID: CSN8) is located 6 nautical miles (11 km; 6.9 mi) southwest of Quebec City, Quebec, Canada.	Québec/Lac Saint-Augustin Water Airport	Canada
country	New Mexico State Road 126 is a state highway in New Mexico, United States of America.	New Mexico State Road 126	United States of America
country	The Shire of Kedron is a former local government area of Queensland, Australia, located in northern Brisbane.	Shire of Kedron	Australia
country	Varzobqala (Persian: ورزاب‌قلعه‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Varzobqala	Tajikistan
country	Union for Homeland and Labour (French: Union pour la Patrie et le travail, UPT) is a left-wing political party in Benin.	Union for Homeland and Labour	Benin
country	Wakendorf I is a municipality in the district of Segeberg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Wakendorf I	Germany
country	Joliette Airport, (TC LID: CSG3), is located 2.2 nautical miles (4.1 km; 2.5 mi) northwest of Joliette, Quebec, Canada.	Joliette Airport	Canada
country	Thiès (pronounced : chess in Noon language) is the third largest city in Senegal with a population officially estimated at 320,000 in 2005.	Thiès	Senegal
country	Grey Wethers consists of a pair of prehistoric stone circles, situated on grassy plateau to the north of Postbridge, Dartmoor, in the United Kingdom.	Grey Wethers	United Kingdom
country	Gainsborough, New South Wales, Australia is a residential estate forming part of the suburb of Kiama Downs in the Municipality of Kiama.	Gainsborough, New South Wales	Australia
country	Meldola is a town and comune near Forlì, in Emilia-Romagna, Italy.	Meldola	Italy
country	Fishvar Rural District (Persian: دهستان فيشور‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Evaz District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Fishvar Rural District	Iran
country	Hustopeče (Czech pronunciation: (ˈɦustopɛtʃɛ); German: Auspitz) is a town in southern Moravia of the Czech Republic with 5,956 inhabitants.	Hustopeče	Czech Republic
country	FK Novi Sad (Serbian Cyrillic: ФК Нови Сад) is professional football club from Novi Sad, Serbia, more precisely from the Detelinara urban neighborhood.	FK Novi Sad	Serbia
country	The Großer Wurzelnberg rises to a height of 625.8 m above NN in the Harz mountains of central Germany.	Großer Wurzelnberg	Germany
country	Kalateh-ye Abrisham (Persian: كلاته ابريشم‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Abrīsham) is a village in Jargalan Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Abrisham	Iran
country	Široka Set (German: Breitensaat) is a small village east of Vače in the Municipality of Litija in central Slovenia.	Široka Set	Slovenia
country	Aavasaksa is famous for its sights both towards Finland and Sweden, and it is included to the list of the National landscapes of Finland.	Aavasaksa	Finland
country	Šolta (pronounced (ʃɔ̂ːlta); Italian: Solta; Latin: Solentium) is an island in Croatia.	Šolta	Croatia
country	Sharypovo Airport (ICAO: UNKO) is an airport in Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia located 9 km south of Sharypovo.	Sharypovo Airport	Russia
country	Nydalasjön, previously known as Tavlesjön, is a lake in Umeå, Sweden.	Nydalasjön	Sweden
country	Prins Karls Forland or Forlandet, occasionally anglicized as Prince Charles Foreland, is an island off the west coast of Oscar II Land on Spitsbergen in the Arctic archipelago of Svalbard, Norway.	Prins Karls Forland	Norway
country	Épinay-sur-Seine (IPA: (epinɛ syʁ sɛn)) is a commune in the northern suburbs of Paris, France.	Épinay-sur-Seine	France
country	Dolenja Lepa Vas (pronounced (dɔˈleːnja ˈleːpa ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Dolenja Lepa vas, German: Unterschöndorf) is a small settlement in the hills south of Gornje Pijavško in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Dolenja Lepa Vas	Slovenia
country	Mian Darreh Jowkar (Persian: ميان دره جوكار‎, also Romanized as Mīān Darreh Jowkār) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Mian Darreh Jowkar	Iran
country	Suflu (Persian: صوفلو‎, also Romanized as Şūflū; also known as Sofoly) is a village in Zarjabad Rural District, Firuz District, Kowsar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Suflu	Iran
country	Bannwald is a German word used in parts of Germany and Austria to designate an area of protected forest.	Bannwald	Germany
country	The Oshirakawa Dam is a rock-fill dam on the Oshirakawa River (a tributary of the Shō River) about 16 km (9.9 mi) southwest of Shirakawa in Gifu Prefecture, Japan.	Oshirakawa Dam	Japan
country	The High School of Kassiopi (Γυμνάσιο Κασσιόπης με Λυκειακές Τάξεις), also known as Lyceum of Kassiopi or Gymnasio of Kassiopi is a state-run public high school in the town of Kassiopi on the affluent north-east coast of Corfu, Greece.	High School of Kassiopi	Greece
country	Gepps Cross Football Club is an Australian rules football club located at Duncan Fraser Reserve, Northfield, South Australia.	Gepps Cross Football Club	Australia
country	Grand Prix de Denain is a professional cycle road race held in Denain, France.	Grand Prix de Denain	France
country	Moghiri (Persian: مغيري‎, also Romanized as Moghīrī) is a village in Band-e Zarak Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Moghiri	Iran
country	Atikonak Lake is a lake in southern Labrador near the border with Quebec, Canada.	Atikonak Lake	Canada
country	Although the CNR was not completely dieselized until 1960, the Super Continental was from the outset hauled exclusively by a variety of diesel locomotives, including Montreal Locomotive Works FP-2s and FP-4s, Canadian Locomotive Company C-liners in eastern Canada, as well as General Motors Diesel FP9 units in western Canada.	Super Continental	Canada
country	St. Margaret's Co-educational English Secondary and Primary School (Chinese: 聖瑪加利男女英文中小學) is a co-educational secondary and primary school in Hong Kong.	St. Margaret's Co-educational English Secondary and Primary School	Hong Kong
country	Sandy Island Marine Provincial Park, formerly Sandy Island Provincial Park and also known as Tree Island Park, is an 18 hectare (44 acre) provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located off the north end of Denman Island, on the west side of the Strait of Georgia to the south of Comox.	Sandy Island Marine Provincial Park	Canada
country	Triglav (pronounced (ˈtɾiːɡlau̯); German: Terglau, Italian: Tricorno), with an elevation of 2,864 metres (9,396 ft), is the highest mountain in Slovenia and the highest peak of the Julian Alps.	Triglav	Slovenia
country	Osservatorio Astronomico di Collurania-Teramo ``V. Cerulli'' (OACT, known in English variously as the Collurania-Teramo Observatory or Collurania Observatory, Teramo) is an astronomical observatory owned and operated by Italy's Istituto Nazionale di Astrofisica (National Institute for Astrophysics, INAF).	Collurania-Teramo Observatory	Italy
country	Tenke Mining Corporation was a mining company with head offices in Canada.	Tenke Mining	Canada
country	List of Banks in Kinnigoli State Bank of India State Bank of Travancore Canara Bank Bank of Baroda Dena Bank Corporation Bank Vijaya Bank Syndicate Bank Indian Overseas Bank Federal Bank UCO Bank Karnataka Bank Mangalore Catholic Co-operative Bank S.C.D.C.C Bank S K Goldsmith Industrial Co-Operative Society Kinnigoli Vyavasaya Seva Sahakari Bank	Kinnigoli	India
country	Skłóty (ˈskwutɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Skłóty	Poland
country	Münchberg is a small town in Upper Franconia (Bavaria), Germany.	Münchberg	Germany
country	Uskorz Wielki (ˈuskɔʂ ˈviɛlki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołów, within Wołów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Uskorz Wielki	Poland
country	Juchao District (simplified Chinese: 居巢区; traditional Chinese: 居巢區; pinyin: Jūcháo Qū) was a district in Anhui Province, People's Republic of China, under the jurisdiction of Chaohu City.	Juchao District	People's Republic of China
country	La Forge, Vosges is a commune in the Vosges department in Lorraine in northeastern France.	La Forge, Vosges	France
country	Thottappally (Malayalam: തോട്ടപ്പള്ളി) is a village in Alappuzha district in the state of Kerala, India.	Thottappally	India
country	Dobšinská Ice Cave or Dobšinská ľadová jaskyňa (in Slovak) is an ice cave in Slovakia, near the mining town of Dobšiná in the Slovak Paradise.	Dobšinská Ice Cave	Slovakia
country	Kokkorevo (Russian: Коккорево; Finnish: Kokkero) is a village in the Vsevolozhsky District of the Leningrad Oblast, Russia.	Kokkorevo	Russia
country	Dijujin (Persian: ديجوجين‎, also Romanized as Dījūjīn; also known as Vījūjīn) is a village in Sardabeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Dijujin	Iran
country	Those who settled in Lalpet and coastal regions of south India (Tamil Nadu and Kerala) are called Marakkars.	Lalpet	India
country	The Rocca di Mondavio or Rocca Roveresca di Mondavio is a 15th-century castle in the town of Mondavio, in the region of Marche, Italy.	Rocca di Mondavio	Italy
country	Jalan Reko or Jalan Bandar Baru Bangi (Selangor state route ) is a major roads in Selangor, Malaysia.	Jalan Reko	Malaysia
country	The Belgian railway line 50A is a railway line in Belgium connecting Brussels with Ostend through Ghent and Bruges.	Belgian railway line 50A	Belgium
country	Dizaj-e Tavil (Persian: ديزج طويل‎, also Romanized as Dīzaj-e Ţavīl; also known as Dīzaj) is a village in Yowla Galdi Rural District, in the Central District of Showt County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dizaj-e Tavil	Iran
country	Fort Dubois is a military construction from the 19th century, located in the town of Hirson in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.	Fort Dubois	France
country	Aliabad-e Shams (Persian: علي ابادشمس‎, also Romanized as ``Alīābād-e Shams) is a village in Runiz Rural District, Runiz District, Estahban County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 618, in 144 families.	Aliabad-e Shams	Iran
country	Sarandí Grande is a city in the north of the Florida Department of central Uruguay.	Sarandí Grande	Uruguay
country	The Piscina Mirabilis was a freshwater cistern on the Bacoli cliff at the western end of the Gulf of Naples, southern Italy.	Piscina Mirabilis	Italy
country	Hasan Mast (Persian: حسن مست‎, also Romanized as Ḩasan Mast; also known as Kalāteh-ye Ḩasan Mast and Ḩasanābād) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hasan Mast	Iran
country	Eilat (/eɪˈlɑːt/; Hebrew: אֵילַת Hebrew pronunciation: (ej'lat); Arabic: ايلات‎) is Israel's southernmost city, a busy port and popular resort located at the northern tip of the Red Sea, on the Gulf of Aqaba.	Eilat	Israel
country	Vredehoek (Afrikaans: ``corner of peace'' or ``peace corner'') is a suburb of Cape Town, South Africa located in the City Bowl, on the slopes of Table Mountain, between Devil's Peak Estate and Oranjezicht.	Vredehoek	South Africa
country	Rudbar-e Qasran District (Persian: بخش رودبار قصران‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Shemiranat County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Rudbar-e Qasran District	Iran
country	Tazehabad-e Melleh Tarshi (Persian: تازه ابادمله ترشي‎, also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Mellleh Tarshī) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Ravansar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Tazehabad-e Melleh Tarshi	Iran
country	Metsadzor (Armenian: Մեծաձոր; formerly, Schanlu, Avtona) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Metsadzor	Armenia
country	Ardıçkaya (formerly Nadire) is a village in Ermenek district of Karaman Province, Turkey.	Ardıçkaya	Turkey
country	The Espace Pierres Folles (2 hectares) is a museum with geological exhibit and botanical garden located at 116 chemin du Pinay, St Jean des Vignes, Soissons, Aisne, Picardie, France.	Espace Pierres Folles	France
country	The Ignalina Nuclear Power Plant (Lithuanian: Ignalinos Atominė Elektrinė, IAE, Russian: Игналинская атомная электростанция, Ignalinskaya atomnaya elektrostantsiya) is a closed two-unit RBMK-1500 nuclear power station in Visaginas municipality, Lithuania.	Ignalina Nuclear Power Plant	Lithuania
country	Glyfada Indoor Hall, officially named, National Athletic Center Glyfada - Makis Liougas (Greek: Εθνικού Αθλητικού Κέντρου Γλυφάδας - Ματθαίος Λιούγκας) is an indoor arena that is located in Glyfada, Athens, Greece.	Glyfada Indoor Hall	Greece
country	Zel Keh-ye Sofla (Persian: ذلكه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Z̄el Keh-ye Soflá; also known as Z̄īlakeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District, Bazargan District, Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zel Keh-ye Sofla	Iran
country	The Autovía A-55 (also known as Autovía del Atlántico) is an autovía in Galicia, Spain.	Autovía A-55	Spain
country	Lake Gileppe is located in east of Belgium near the city of Verviers.	Lake Gileppe	Belgium
country	Paso de los Libres Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto de Paso de los Libres) (IATA: AOL, ICAO: SARL) is an international airport serving Paso de los Libres, Corrientes, Argentina, located 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) off the city.	Paso de los Libres Airport	Argentina
country	The village of Santikhiri (Thai: สันติคีรี), formerly known as Mae Salong (Thai: แม่สลอง), is in the Thai highlands on Doi Mae Salong mountain of the Daen Lao Range, in Mae Fa Luang District, Chiang Rai Province, the northernmost province of Thailand.	Santikhiri	Thailand
country	Vazhachal Falls is situated in Athirappilly Panchayath of Thrissur district in Kerala on the southwest coast of India.	Vazhachal Falls	India
country	Szabda (ˈʂabda) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brodnica, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Szabda	Poland
country	Izmaylovo Estate (Russian: Усадьба Измайлово) was a country residence of the House of Romanov built in the reign of Alexis I of Russia.	Izmaylovo Estate	Russia
country	Cielito Lindo Airstrip is a public-use dirt airstrip located South of San Quintín, Municipality of Ensenada, Baja California, Mexico, just on the Pacific Ocean coast, near the ``La Pinta'' Hotel.	Cielito Lindo Airstrip	Mexico
country	Zelów (ˈzɛluf) is a town in Bełchatów County, Łódź Voivodeship, Poland, with 8,307 inhabitants (2005).	Zelów	Poland
country	The Museo de Bellas Artes de Granada (Museum of Fine Arts of Granada ) is a fine arts museum in Granada, Spain.	Museo de Bellas Artes de Granada	Spain
country	TPI Polene Public Company Limited is Thailand's third largest cement manufacturer.	TPI Polene	Thailand
country	Zavarqan (Persian: زورقان‎, also Romanized as Zavarqān; also known as Zavarbān) is a village in Salehan Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Zavarqan	Iran
country	Formerly the preeminent business district on India's west coast, Nariman Point yielded that status to Mumbai's Bandra-Kurla Complex in 2010.	Nariman Point	India
country	Estación Pichilemu, also known as the Estación de Ferrocarriles de Pichilemu (Spanish: Railway station of Pichilemu) was a railway station in Pichilemu, Chile.	Estación Pichilemu	Chile
country	The BC Bike Race is a seven-day mountain bike stage race held in British Columbia, Canada.	BC Bike Race	Canada
country	CJPC-DT is a V-affiliated television station in Rimouski, Quebec, Canada, serving as a satellite station of CFTF-TV in Rivière-du-Loup.	CJPC-DT	Canada
country	Merate Astronomical Observatory is an old observatory in Merate (Lecco), Italy.	Merate Astronomical Observatory	Italy
country	Guidouma is a small town in Tsamba-Magotsi Department of Ngounié Province, in western Gabon.	Guidouma	Gabon
country	Nieborowo (ɲebɔˈrɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pyrzyce, within Pyrzyce County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Nieborowo	Poland
country	Calitri is a town and comune of 5,292 inhabitants situated in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.	Calitri	Italy
country	Sanjay Gandhi National Park (SGNP), previously Borivali National Park, is a large protected area in the northern part of Mumbai city in Maharashtra State in India.	Sanjay Gandhi National Park	India
country	Glarentza (Greek: Γλαρέντζα) is a medieval town located near the site of modern Kyllini in Elis, at the westernmost point of the Peloponnese peninsula in southern Greece.	Glarentza	Greece
country	Temvria (Greek: Τεμβρια) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, located 2 km south of Evrychou.	Temvria	Cyprus
country	Biała Rawska (ˈbʲawa ˈrafska) is a town in Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, Poland, with 3,233 inhabitants (2004).	Biała Rawska	Poland
country	Krupia Wólka (ˈkrupja ˈvulka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Krupia Wólka	Poland
country	Audi Brussels (before 2008 known as Volkswagen Vorst) is an Audi manufacturing plant located in Vorst/Forest, Belgium, which is a municipality and area in the south-western part of Brussels.	Audi Brussels	Belgium
country	Leo Blair, the father of Tony Blair, former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom was born in Filey.	Filey	United Kingdom
country	Podkraj pri Zagorju (pronounced (pɔtˈkɾai̯ pɾi zaˈɡoːɾju)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia.	Podkraj pri Zagorju	Slovenia
country	Düdükçü (Armenian: Քյուրաթաղ, Kyuratagh) (also, Doudoukchi and Dudukchi) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan, currently under the control of Armenian forces.	Düdükçü	Azerbaijan
country	The Goldenes Dachl (Golden Roof) is a landmark structure located in the Old Town (Altstadt) section of Innsbruck, Austria.	Goldenes Dachl	Austria
country	Montréal/Île Sainte-Hélène Water Airport or Hydro-Aéroport Montréal Centre-Ville, (TC LID: CVP2), is located on the Saint Lawrence River adjacent to Saint Helen's Island near Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Montréal/Île Sainte-Hélène Water Airport	Canada
country	The Civic and Social Front of Catamarca (Spanish: Frente Cívico y Social de Catamarca) is a provincial political party in Argentina.	Civic and Social Front of Catamarca	Argentina
country	Sibpur S.S.P.S. Vidyalaya is one of the oldest boys' school in Howrah, India.	Sibpur S.S.P.S. Vidyalaya	India
country	The Aliağa Wind Farm (Turkish: Aliağa Rüzgâr Enerji Santralı) is an onshore wind power plant located in Aliağa district of İzmir Province in western Turkey.	Aliağa Wind Farm	Turkey
country	Watergate Beach is a two-mile-long stretch of sandy beach on the Atlantic coast of north Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Watergate Beach	United Kingdom
country	Nea Artaki (Greek: Νέα Αρτάκη) is a town and a former municipality on the island Euboea, Greece.	Nea Artaki	Greece
country	The Canal entre Champagne et Bourgogne, previously the Canal de la Marne à la Saône is a canal in the North-East of France connecting the towns of Vitry-le-François and Maxilly-sur-Saône.	Canal entre Champagne et Bourgogne	France
country	Zulia Department from 1824 to 1830 was one of the departments of Gran Colombia.	Zulia Department	Gran Colombia
country	Ślubowo (ɕluˈbɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sońsk, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ślubowo	Poland
country	Devín Castle (Slovak: hrad Devín or Devínsky hrad, Hungarian: Dévényi vár, German: Burg Theben) is a castle in Devín, which is a borough of Bratislava, the capital of Slovakia.	Devín Castle	Slovakia
country	Ueno Dam (上野ダム) is a concrete gravity dam in the Gunma Prefecture of Japan.	Ueno Dam	Japan
country	The mountain Baula, with its reddish or orange colour caused by its rhyolite rock composition, is situated in the west of Iceland next to Route 1 (the Ring Road).	Baula	Iceland
country	Peroj (Italian: Peroi) is a village in the Vodnjan municipality on the south-western coast of Istria, Croatia.	Peroj	Croatia
country	Lower Gatara is a settlement in Kenya's Central Province.	Lower Gatara	Kenya
country	Tidjikja Airport (IATA: TIY, ICAO: GQND) is an airport serving Tidjikja, the capital of the Tagant region of central Mauritania.	Tidjikja Airport	Mauritania
country	The Berwinne (Dutch: Berwijn) is a small river in the north-eastern part of Belgium.	Berwinne	Belgium
country	Nouvelle Matmata (Arabic: مطماطة الجديدة‎ Maṭmāṭah al-Jadīdah) is a town and commune in the Gabès Governorate, Tunisia.	Nouvelle Matmata	Tunisia
country	The Straits of Corfu or Corfu Channel is the narrow body of water along the coasts of Albania and Greece to the east separating these two countries from the Greek island of Corfu on the west.	Straits of Corfu	Greece
country	The Rivelaunbach (Italian: Rio Rivellone; German: Rivelaunbach) is a stream in South Tyrol, Italy.	Rivelaunbach	Italy
country	Although spared by the Mongol armies in 1240, Smolensk paid tribute to the Golden Horde, gradually becoming a pawn in the long struggle between Lithuania and the Grand Duchy of Moscow.	Smolensk	Grand Duchy of Moscow
country	Srednje Jarše (pronounced (ˈsɾeːdnjɛ ˈjaːɾʃɛ); German: Mitterjarsche) is a settlement on the right bank of the Kamnik Bistrica River just north of Domžale, in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Srednje Jarše	Slovenia
country	Swojcino (sfɔi̯ˈt͡ɕinɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Maszewo, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Swojcino	Poland
country	Verkh-Neyvinsky (Russian: Верх-Нейвинский) is an urban locality (a work settlement) in Nevyansky District of Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia.	Verkh-Neyvinsky	Russia
country	Beryozovskoye deposit, Berezovskoe gold deposit, Berezovsky deposit, Berezovsk Mines, and some other names (Russian: Берёзовское месторождение) is the first known primary deposit of gold in Russia.	Beryozovskoye deposit	Russia
country	The University of Sharjah (UOS or Sharjah University) is an Emirati private national university located in University City, Sharjah, United Arab Emirates.	University of Sharjah	United Arab Emirates
country	Vikash Convent School, Karanjia is a private co-educational day and boarding school in Karanjia, India.	Vikash Convent School, Karanjia	India
country	San Martín Zapotitlán (Spanish pronunciation: (san marˈtin sapotiˈtlan)) is a municipality in the Retalhuleu department of Guatemala.	San Martín Zapotitlán	Guatemala
country	Log v Bohinju (pronounced (ˈloːk w bɔˈxiːnju)) is a small settlement on the right bank of the Sava Bohinjka River in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Log v Bohinju	Slovenia
country	The Kakanui River is a river of North Otago, New Zealand, bridged by Highway 1 at Maheno and flowing into the Pacific Ocean at Kakanui.	Kakanui River	New Zealand
country	Rio de Fornos is a village near Vinhais, in the district of Bragança, province of Trás-os-Montes, in the North of Portugal.	Rio de Fornos	Portugal
country	Senowbar (Persian: صنوبر‎, also Romanized as Şenowbar, Sanaubar, and Sanowbar) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Senowbar	Iran
country	The Vordingborg Castle ruins (Vordingborg Slotsruin) are located in the town of Vordingborg, Denmark and are the town's most famous attraction.	Vordingborg Castle	Denmark
country	Nahal Oz (Hebrew: נַחַ``ל עֹז, lit. ''Mighty Stream,`` also ''Strength of the Nahal``) is a kibbutz in southern Israel.	Nahal Oz	Israel
country	Litene Manor (Latvian: Litenes muižas pils) is a manor house in Litene parish, in the historical region of Vidzeme, in northern Latvia.	Litene Manor	Latvia
country	Bronowo-Kolonia (brɔˈnɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kępice, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bronowo-Kolonia	Poland
country	Evlalo (Greek: Εύλαλο; Turkish: İnhanlı) is a village and a community in the Xanthi regional unit of Thrace, Greece.	Evlalo	Greece
country	Tienen or Thienen (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈtinə(n)); French: Tirlemont) is a city and municipality in the province of Flemish Brabant, in Flanders, Belgium.	Tienen	Belgium
country	Lisewo (liˈsɛvɔ) (German: Lissewo) is a village in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland.	Lisewo	Poland
country	Skrwa Lewa (Left Skrwa; in Polish also Skrwa Lewobrzeżna or Skrwa Południowa) is a river of Poland, a left tributary of the Vistula.	Skrwa Lewa	Poland
country	The Tabor District (Slovene: Mestna četrt Tabor) is a city district of the City Municipality of Maribor in northeastern Slovenia.	Tabor District	Slovenia
country	The Shimokotori Dam is a rock-fill dam on the Shimokotori River about 15 km (9.3 mi) west of Hida in Gifu Prefecture, Japan.	Shimokotori Dam	Japan
country	Hadykówka (xadɨˈkufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cmolas, within Kolbuszowa County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Hadykówka	Poland
country	Royal Swedish Aero Club (Swedish: Kungliga Svenska Aeroklubben, abbreviated KSAK, previously Svenska Aeronautiska Sällskapet, abbreviated SAS), established in 1900, is today the national organization for Sweden's over 150 flying clubs and have by the Swedish Transport Agency been authorized to administer the ultralight aviation in Sweden.	Royal Swedish Aero Club	Sweden
country	Aiyarappar temple is a Hindu temple dedicated to Lord Shiva located in the village of Tiruvaiyaru, Tamil Nadu, India.	Aiyarappar temple	India
country	Mirasole Abbey (Italian: Abbazia di Mirasole) is a monastery in the comune of Opera near Milan, Lombardy, Northern Italy, founded by the Humiliati and now (since 2013) a community of the Premonstratensians.	Mirasole Abbey	Italy
country	Mount Stogu (Romanian: Muntele Stogu) is a protected area (nature reserve IUCN category IV) situated in the administrative territory of Băile Olăneşti, in Vâlcea County within east Romania.	Mount Stogu	Romania
country	Barnaul Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Барнаул) (IATA: BAX, ICAO: UNBB) (sometimes referred to as Barnaul West or Mikhaylovka or Novomikhaylovka or German Titov airport) is a major airport in Altai Krai, Russia located 15 km west of Barnaul.	Barnaul Airport	Russia
country	Tellamendi, also Belamendi, is a mountain of Spain, located in the Basque Mountains of the province of Álava.	Tellamendi	Spain
country	The Raja Annamalai Chettiar Hall is an auditorium situated in Chennai, India.	Raja Annamalai Chettiar Hall	India
country	The Canadian Linguistic Association (CLA; alternatively called the Association canadienne de linguistique, ACL) is the principal professional organization of linguists in Canada.	Canadian Linguistic Association	Canada
country	Rutalahti is a village in the municipality of Joutsa in Western Finland.	Rutalahti	Finland
country	The Presenzano Hydroelectric Plant, officially known as the Domenico Cimarosa Hydroelectric Plant, is located along the Volturno River in Presenzano, Province of Caserta, Italy.	Presenzano Hydroelectric Plant	Italy
country	Edmonton/Josephburg Aerodrome, (TC LID: CFB6), is located 0.7 nautical miles (1.3 km; 0.81 mi) north of Josephburg in Strathcona County, Alberta, Canada.	Edmonton/Josephburg Aerodrome	Canada
country	Tomišlja (Serbian Cyrillic: Томишља) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Tomišlja	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Aorangaia Island is an island in the Northland Region of New Zealand, part of the Poor Knights Islands.	Aorangaia Island	New Zealand
country	Privodino (Russian: Приводино) is an urban locality (a work settlement) in Kotlassky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia, located on the left bank of the Northern Dvina River 23 kilometers (14 mi) from Kotlas.	Privodino	Russia
country	Lago Argentino Airport (IATA: ING, ICAO: SAWA), was an airport in Lago Argentino, Argentina.	Lago Argentino Airport	Argentina
country	Paloviče (pronounced (ˈpaːlɔʋitʃɛ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Paloviče	Slovenia
country	Ślemień (ˈɕlɛmjɛɲ) is a village in Żywiec County, Silesian Voivodeship, in a mountainous part of southern Poland.	Ślemień	Poland
country	Taibhdhearc na Gaillimhe ((ˈt̪ˠavʲˈjaɾˠk n̪ˠə ˈɡalʲɪvʲə), meaning ``Galway Theatre''), also called An Taiḃḋearc, is the national Irish language theatre of Ireland.	Taibhdhearc na Gaillimhe	Ireland
country	Mount Remarkable is a mountain in South Australia located in the Flinders Ranges about 250 kilometres (160 mi) north of the centre of the capital city of Adelaide and immediately north-west of the town of Melrose which is located at its base.	Mount Remarkable	Australia
country	Skogsvågen or Skogsvåg is the administrative centre of Sund municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Skogsvåg	Norway
country	Howick College is a state co-educational secondary school located in the eastern Auckland, New Zealand suburb of Cockle Bay.	Howick College	New Zealand
country	Skorochów (skɔˈrɔxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nysa, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Skorochów	Poland
country	Yverdon-les-Bains (French pronunciation: ​(ivɛʁdɔ̃lebɛ̃)) (called Eburodunum and Ebredunum during the Roman era) is a municipality in the district of Jura-Nord vaudois of the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.	Yverdon-les-Bains	Switzerland
country	Caulonia was known as Castelvetere until 1862, when the town changed its name to Caulonia, following Calabria's integration with Italy during the Italian unification.	Caulonia	Italy
country	Baltasi (Russian: Балтаси; Tatar: Балтач) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) and the administrative center of Baltasinsky District of the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia.	Baltasi	Russia
country	Qatruyeh (Persian: قطرويه‎, also Romanized as Qaţrūyeh; also known as Ghotrooyeh, Qaţrū’īyeh, Katru, and Qatru) is a city in and the capital of Qatruyeh District, in Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Qatruyeh	Iran
country	Chaukiganjor is a small village near Tarwa, situated in Azamgarh district of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Chaukiganjor	India
country	Downing Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, created when Mr. and Mrs. Clair Downing donated their half mile of lake frontage property on Kelly Lake.	Downing Provincial Park	Canada
country	Samuel Marsden Collegiate School is located in the Wellington suburb of Karori in New Zealand.	Samuel Marsden Collegiate School	New Zealand
country	Chotynin (xɔˈtɨnin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec, within Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Chotynin	Poland
country	Rødøy Church (Norwegian: Rødøy kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Rødøy in Nordland county, Norway.	Rødøy Church	Norway
country	Modbury SC, commonly known as Modbury Jets, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Adelaide, South Australia.	Modbury SC	Australia
country	Sandsøy Church (Norwegian: Sandsøy kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county, Norway.	Sandsøy Church	Norway
country	The South Klang Valley Expressway or SKVE is an expressway in the southern part of Klang Valley, Malaysia's most densely populated region.	South Klang Valley Expressway	Malaysia
country	Łopiennik Podleśny (wɔˈpjɛnnik pɔdˈlɛɕnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łopiennik Górny, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Łopiennik Podleśny	Poland
country	The French School at Athens (French: École française d’Athènes, EfA; Greek: Γαλλική Σχολή Αθηνών) is one of the seventeen foreign archaeological institutes operating in Athens, Greece.	French School at Athens	Greece
country	Qaleh-ye Gabri (Persian: قلعه گبري‎, also Romanized as Qal`eh-ye Gabrī; also known as Qalehgabra) is a village in Halil Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Qaleh-ye Gabri	Iran
country	Angeghakot (Armenian: Անգեղակոթ, also Romanized as Angeghakot'' and Angekhakot) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Angeghakot	Armenia
country	Brzostki (ˈbʐɔstki) (German: Freihagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieniężno, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Brzostki	Poland
country	B&W Hallerne (English: B&W Halls) is a former industrial complex located on the island of Refshaleøen in Copenhagen, Denmark.	B&W Hallerne	Denmark
country	Lith Payam, also known as Jieng Lith Payam, is a Dinka community located in Jonglei State in South Sudan.	Lith Payam	South Sudan
country	Nový Smokovec is a village, and spa, in Poprad District, in the Vysoké Tatry, Slovakia.	Nový Smokovec	Slovakia
country	Iasos or Iassos (Greek: Ἰασός or Ἰασσός), also in Latinized form Iasus, was an ancient Greek city in Caria located on the Gulf of Iasos (now called the Gulf of Güllük), opposite the modern town of Güllük, Turkey.	Iasos	Turkey
country	Oujda-Angad Prefecture (Berber: Wejda - Angad, ⵡⴻⵊⴷⴰ - ⴰⵏⴳⴰⴷ; Arabic: وجدة‎) is a prefecture located in the Oriental Region (Rif) of Morocco with an estimated population of 470,000 as of 2004.	Oujda-Angad Prefecture	Morocco
country	Port Blandford is a town in eastern Newfoundland, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Port Blandford	Canada
country	West Swan Road is a road in the Swan Valley wine region in the northeastern suburbs of Perth, Western Australia.	West Swan Road	Australia
country	The town of Dhamdha is situated in the district of Durg in the state of Chhattisgarh, India.	Dhamdha	India
country	Dunalka parish (Latvian: Dunalkas pagasts) is one of the administrative territories of Durbe Municipality, in Latvia, located in the northern part of the municipality.	Dunalka parish	Latvia
country	Ekeremor is one of the eight local government areas (LGAs) in Bayelsa State, Nigeria.	Ekeremor	Nigeria
country	The Municipality of Jezersko (German: Gemeinde Seeland, Slovene: Občina Jezersko) is a municipality in northern Slovenia.	Municipality of Jezersko	Slovenia
country	Tuszów Narodowy (ˈtuʂuf narɔˈdɔvɨ) is a village in Mielec County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Tuszów Narodowy	Poland
country	Rumunki Likieckie (ruˈmuŋki liˈkʲɛt͡skʲɛ) (German: Hohlwege-Siedlung) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Rumunki Likieckie	Poland
country	Jasná is a small village situated in central Slovakia, in the Low Tatras mountains.	Jasná	Slovakia
country	Əkbərməhlə is a village in the municipality of Motolayataq in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Əkbərməhlə	Azerbaijan
country	The Strada statale 131 Diramazione Centrale Nuorese, is a dual carriageway located in Sardinia, Italy.	Strada statale 131 Diramazione Centrale Nuorese	Italy
country	Jardim Lindoia is a neighbourhood (bairro) in the city of Porto Alegre, the state capital of Rio Grande do Sul, in Brazil.	Jardim Lindoia	Brazil
country	The Yüreğir Serinevler Arena (Turkish: Yüreğir Serinevler Spor Salonu) is a multi-sport indoor arena located at Serinevler neighborhood in Yüreğir district of Adana Province, Turkey.	Yüreğir Serinevler Arena	Turkey
country	The Flemish Union of Students (Dutch: Vlaamse Vereniging van Studenten; VVS) is an organisation that represents the students of Flanders, the Dutch-speaking part of Belgium.	Flemish Union of Students	Belgium
country	Gbamélédougo (also spelled Gbambélédougo) is a village in north-eastern Ivory Coast.	Gbamélédougo	Ivory Coast
country	Lambton College is a college of applied arts and technology in Sarnia, Ontario, Canada.	Lambton College	Canada
country	Satree Phuket School (Thai: โรงเรียนสตรีภูเก็ต) is a public school in Phuket, Thailand.	Satree Phuket School	Thailand
country	The Monastery of Dumio (sometimes Dumium or Dumio, in Portuguese São Martinho de Dume), is a former paleo-Christian monastery in the civil parish of Dume, municipality of Braga, in northwestern Portugal.	Monastery of Dumio	Portugal
country	Glavska (Serbian Cyrillic: Главска) is a village in the municipality of Ravno, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Glavska	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Ajalpan is a city in the southeastern part of the state of Puebla in Mexico.	Ajalpan	Mexico
country	Salar de Carcote, also known as Salar de San Martín, is a salt flat in northern Chile.	Salar de Carcote	Chile
country	Prosino (prɔˈɕinɔ) (German: Prössin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czaplinek, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Prosino	Poland
country	Kunkalamarru is a village under Karamchedu Mandal which is located about 15 km from the busy commercial town of Chirala in Prakasam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Kunkalamarru	India
country	The Moeangiangi River is a river of the Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand's North Island.	Moeangiangi River	New Zealand
country	Naghan-e Sofla (Persian: ناغان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Nāghān-e Soflá; also known as Nāghūn-e Pā’īn and Nāghūn Pā’īn) is a village in Milas Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Naghan-e Sofla	Iran
country	Puerto Ayacucho (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈpweɾto aʝaˈkutʃo)) is the capital and largest city of Amazonas State in Venezuela.	Puerto Ayacucho	Venezuela
country	Albertville (French pronunciation: ​(al.bɛʁ.vil); Arpitan: Arbèrtvile) is a commune in the Savoie department in the Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.	Albertville	France
country	Siah Kahur (Persian: سياه کهور‎, also Romanized as Sīāh Kahūr) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Siah Kahur	Iran
country	Yayıcı (also, Kchagot, Kchghot, Kchogut, Kochagot, Kochghut, Kochoghot, Kochogot, Ktchoghout, and Qoçoqot) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Yayıcı	Azerbaijan
country	Novi Kot (pronounced (ˈnɔːʋi ˈkoːt); German: Neuwinkel) is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Loški Potok in southern Slovenia, right on the border with Croatia.	Novi Kot	Slovenia
country	Dolna Banya, also Dolna Banja or Dolna Bania (Bulgarian: Долна баня) is a town located in Sofia Province in southwestern Bulgaria.	Dolna Banya	Bulgaria
country	Ifakara is a small rural town in the Kilombero District, Morogoro region, south central Tanzania.	Ifakara	Tanzania
country	Blatni Vrh (pronounced (ˈblaːtni ˈʋəɾx)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia.	Blatni Vrh	Slovenia
country	The Route nationale 31 is a motorway in northern France.	Route nationale 31	France
country	The Suldalslågen (or locally, Lågen) is a river that is located in the municipality of Suldal in Rogaland county, Norway.	Suldalslågen	Norway
country	Hopen Church (Norwegian: Hopen kirke) is a parish church in Smøla Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Hopen Church	Norway
country	Lake Neufchâteau is a little artificial lake near the city of Neufchâteau in the Ardennes in Belgium.	Lake Neufchâteau	Belgium
country	Marvik Chapel (Norwegian: Marvik kapell) is a chapel in Suldal in Rogaland county, Norway.	Marvik Chapel	Norway
country	Karabikha (Russian: Кара́биха) is a village in Yaroslavl Oblast, Russia, located 15 kilometers to the south of Yaroslavl center.	Karabikha	Russia
country	Germany's first ski jump was built in 1929 near Johanngeorgenstadt.	Johanngeorgenstadt	Germany
country	Aputula is a remote Indigenous Australian community in the Northern Territory of Australia.	Aputula	Australia
country	Słupowo (swuˈpɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sicienko, within Bydgoszcz County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Słupowo	Poland
country	The Municipal District of Ranchland No. 66 is a municipal district in southwest Alberta, Canada.	Municipal District of Ranchland No. 66	Canada
country	Givet (French pronunciation: ​(ʒi.vɛ)) is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France very close to the Belgian border.	Givet	France
country	Sebinje (Cyrillic: Себиње) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Sebinje	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Bunza is a Local Government Area (LGA) in Kebbi State, Nigeria.	Bunza	Nigeria
country	Kiczyce (kiˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ) is a village in Gmina Skoczów, Cieszyn County, Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland.	Kiczyce	Poland
country	Jannu is the highest peak of the Kumbhakarna Section of the Kangchenjunga Himal (using H. Adams Carter's classification), which straddles the border between Nepal and Sikkim, and lies entirely within Nepal.	Jannu	Nepal
country	Bard-e Guri (Persian: بردگوري‎, also Romanized as Bard-e Gūrī) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bard-e Guri	Iran
country	The Derwent Way Bridge built in 1955 was a road and rail swing bridge over the Annacis Channel of the Fraser River in the Lower Mainland of British Columbia, Canada.	Derwent Way Bridge	Canada
country	Casino New Brunswick is located in the Magnetic Hill Area of Moncton, New Brunswick, Canada.	Casino New Brunswick	Canada
country	Außenalster or Outer Alster Lake is the larger one of two artificial lakes, which are formed by the Alster River and are both located within the city limits of Hamburg, Germany.	Außenalster	Germany
country	In 2010 Plantagon organized the Urban Agriculture Summit in Washington, D.C. A second Urban Agriculture Summit was organized in Linköping, Sweden in January 2013.	Plantagon	Sweden
country	Periyakudal is one of the neighborhoods of the city of Chennai in Tamil Nadu, India.	Periyakudal	India
country	Le Zénith is the name given to a series of indoor arenas in France.	Le Zénith	France
country	Castillo-Nuevo is a town located in the province of Navarre, in the autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.	Castillo-Nuevo	Spain
country	Fletton is a residential area and electoral ward of the city of Peterborough, Cambridgeshire in the United Kingdom.	Fletton	United Kingdom
country	At the ceremony, the Laureate receives the prize from H.M. King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden, who is the patron of the Stockholm Water Prize.	Stockholm Water Prize	Sweden
country	Otlica (pronounced (ˈoːtlitsa)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Otlica	Slovenia
country	General Pico Airport (IATA: GPO, ICAO: SAZG) is an airport in General Pico, La Pampa province, Argentina.	General Pico Airport	Argentina
country	The Bassari people are an African people living in Senegal, Gambia, Guinea and Guinea-Bissau.	Bassari people	Senegal
country	The Golden Apricot Yerevan International Film Festival (GAIFF) (Armenian: ``Ոսկե Ծիրան'' Երևանի միջազգային կինոփառատոն) is an annual film festival held in Yerevan, Armenia.	Yerevan International Film Festival	Armenia
country	The Marian School is a Catholic private school in Currajong, a suburb of City of Townsville, Queensland, Australia.	The Marian School	Australia
country	The Mercado Central de Santiago is the central market of Santiago de Chile.	Mercado Central de Santiago	Chile
country	Konakovo (Russian: Конаково; IPA: (kənɐˈkovə)) is a town and the administrative center of Konakovsky District in Tver Oblast, Russia, located on the right bank of Ivankovo Reservoir (Volga River).	Konakovo	Russia
country	The Kaisosi village itself has one of Namibia's most beautiful landscapes, and its spectacular sunsets, and friendly people make it a popular destination for travelers.	Kaisosi village	Namibia
country	Puerto Morelos (Spanish pronunciation: ('pwerto mo'ɾelos)) is a town and sea port in Quintana Roo, Mexico's easternmost state, on the Yucatán Peninsula.	Puerto Morelos	Mexico
country	Port Lligat or Portlligat is a small village located in a small bay on Cap de Creus peninsula, on the Costa Brava of the Mediterranean Sea, in the municipality of Cadaqués in the Alt Empordà comarca, in Girona province, Catalonia, Spain.	Port Lligat	Spain
country	The Tuol Sleng Genocide Museum (Khmer: សារមន្ទីរឧក្រិដ្ឋកម្មប្រល័យពូជសាសន៍ទួលស្លែង) is a museum in Phnom Penh, the capital of Cambodia, chronicling the Cambodian genocide.	Tuol Sleng Genocide Museum	Cambodia
country	Rauris is a municipality in Salzburg (state) in the area of Pinzgau in Austria.	Rauris	Austria
country	The Château de Lourmarin is a converted castle located in the town of Lourmarin which is situated in the Vaucluse département, in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d’Azur region of France.	Château de Lourmarin	France
country	Schwielochsee is a municipality in the district of Dahme-Spreewald in Brandenburg in Germany formed of 10 small villages.	Schwielochsee	Germany
country	Acalayong is a town across the Muni Estuary in the district of Kogo, Equatorial Guinea 117 km from Bata.	Acalayong	Equatorial Guinea
country	El Ksar (Arabic: القصر‎ Al Qaṣr) is a town and commune in the Gafsa Governorate, Tunisia.	El Ksar	Tunisia
country	Ba Đồn is a town (thị xã) in Quảng Bình Province, Vietnam.	Ba Đồn	Vietnam
country	UCPA has three areas of operation: sports holidays recreation sports outreach vocational training for careers in sport UCPA is mainly located in France, but is also present in some fifty countries around the world.	UCPA	France
country	Cheshmeh-ye Kabak (Persian: چشمه كبك‎) is a village in Sarcheshmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh-ye Kabak	Iran
country	Makkaur Lighthouse (Norwegian: Makkaur fyr) is a coastal lighthouse located on the northern coast of the Varanger Peninsula in Båtsfjord Municipality, Finnmark county, Norway.	Makkaur Lighthouse	Norway
country	The Ferrovia Alifana is a former railroad company of southern Italy.	Ferrovia Alifana	Italy
country	Tom Gavan (Persian: تمگاوان‎, also Romanized as Tom Gāvān; also known as Dom Gāvān and S̄om Gāvān) is a village in Dowlatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tom Gavan	Iran
country	Fotomuseum Winterthur is a museum of photography in Winterthur, Switzerland.	Fotomuseum Winterthur	Switzerland
country	Chakh (Persian: چاخ‎, also Romanized as Chākh) is a village in Khoshabar Rural District, in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chakh	Iran
country	Bogoslovija (Serbian Cyrillic: Богословија) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Bogoslovija	Serbia
country	Turkmen State University named after Magtymguly (Turkmen: Magtymguly adyndaky Türkmen döwlet uniwersiteti) is one of the leading universities in Turkmenistan, located in the capital of Ashgabat.	Turkmen State University	Turkmenistan
country	Ayamach'ay (Quechua aya corpse, mach'ay cave, ayamach'ay burial cave, also spelled Ayamachay) is an archaeological site with rock paintings in Peru.	Ayamach'ay	Peru
country	Przecław (ˈpʂɛt͡swaf) is a small town in Mielec County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Przecław	Poland
country	Fortress Kastel is a castle in Hrvatska Kostajnica, a town in central Croatia, near the border to Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Fortress Kastel	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Royal Dutch Cycling Union or KNWU (in Dutch: Koninklijke Nederlandsche Wielren Unie) is the national governing body of cycle racing in the Netherlands.	Royal Dutch Cycling Union	Netherlands
country	Bolandan (Persian: بلندان‎, also Romanized as Bolandān) is a village in Zaboli Rural District, in the Central District of Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Bolandan	Iran
country	Tazian Rural District (Persian: دهستان تازيان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Tazian Rural District	Iran
country	It is the home-stadium of the Necaxa football club which had previously played in Mexico City (at the Estadio Azteca) before relocating to Aguascalientes and Estadio Victoria.	Estadio Victoria	Mexico
country	Hike Ontario is an organization devoted to promote hiking and walking activities in Ontario, Canada.	Hike Ontario	Canada
country	Sabi Island (Sabi Kyun or Trotter Island) is an island in the Mergui Archipelago of Taninthayi Region, Burma (Myanmar).	Sabi Island	Myanmar
country	Rihyon Airport (a.k.a. Ihyon Airport) is an airport in Sinwon County, Hwanghae-namdo, North Korea.	Rihyon Airport	North Korea
country	Bel RTL is a commercial radio network broadcasting in Brussels and Wallonia (French-speaking Belgium).	Bel RTL	Belgium
country	Heilbron is a small farming town in the Free State province of South Africa which services the cattle, dairy, sorghum, sunflower and maize industries.	Heilbron	South Africa
country	The Avilés International Cinema and Architecture Festival (Spanish: Festival Internacional de Cine y Arquitectura) (FICARQ) takes places in Avilés, Asturias and it is the only festival about the subject in Spain.	Avilés International Cinema and Architecture Festival	Spain
country	Kani Nowbateh (Persian: كاني نوبته‎, also Romanized as Kānī Nowbateh; also known as Kanī Nowbatīān) is a village in Lahijan-e Sharqi Rural District, Lajan District, Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kani Nowbateh	Iran
country	Mowtowr-e Khoda Bakhsh (Persian: موتور خدابخش‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Khodā Bakhsh) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District, Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District, Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Khoda Bakhsh	Iran
country	The Great Belt, (Danish: Storebælt), is a strait between the major islands of Zealand (Sjælland) and Funen (Fyn) in Denmark.	Great Belt	Denmark
country	Valkendorfs Kollegium is a dormitory located in Sankt Peders Stræde in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Valkendorfs Kollegium	Denmark
country	Kråkgränd (Swedish: ``Crow Alley'') is an alley in Gamla stan, the old town of Stockholm, Sweden.	Kråkgränd	Sweden
country	The Jorge Eliecer Gaitan Museum is a museum in Bogota, Colombia dedicated to the life of assassinated politician Jorge Eliecer Gaitan.	Jorge Eliecer Gaitan Museum	Colombia
country	Kluczewo-Kolonia (kluˈt͡ʂɛvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czaplinek, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kluczewo-Kolonia	Poland
country	Ellerslie Racecourse is the main racecourse in Auckland, New Zealand, for thoroughbred racehorses.	Ellerslie Racecourse	New Zealand
country	Beit Zera (Hebrew: בֵּית זֶרַע, lit. House of Seed) is a kibbutz in northern Israel.	Beit Zera	Israel
country	Camaret Bay is a small bay on the north coast of Brittany, France.	Camaret Bay	France
country	The Islamic Summit Minar is an obelisk-shaped structure built near the Charing Cross, Mall Road in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan.	Islamic Summit Minar	Pakistan
country	Bon Karreh-ye Kohzadvand (Persian: بن كره كهزادوند‎, also Romanized as Bon Karreh-ye Kohzādvand) is a village in Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Bon Karreh-ye Kohzadvand	Iran
country	The Strata Range is a small subrange of the Skeena Mountains of the Interior Mountains, located between the Bell-Irving River and Taylor River in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Strata Range	Canada
country	The Theater des Westens (Theatre of the West) is one of the most famous theatres for musicals and operettas in Berlin, Germany, located at Kantstraße 10--12 in Charlottenburg.	Theater des Westens	Germany
country	The Palazzo Spinola di Pellicceria, also known as Palazzo Francesco Grimaldi, is a palace in Piazza di Pellicceria, Genoa, Italy.	Palazzo Spinola di Pellicceria	Italy
country	Steinsfjorden is a branch of the lake Tyrifjorden in Buskerud, Norway.	Steinsfjorden	Norway
country	Malokurilskoye (Russian: Малокури́льское) is a village (selo) in Yuzhno-Kurilsky District of Sakhalin Oblast, Russia.	Malokurilskoye	Russia
country	Buzet (Croatian pronunciation: (bǔzɛt); Latin: Piquentum; Italian: Pinguente) is a town in Istria, Croatia, population 6,133 (2011).	Buzet	Croatia
country	Chong-Tash (Kyrgyz: Чоң-Таш, Russian: Чон-Таш; English translation: ``Big Rock'') is a small village (kishlak) in Chui Province, Kyrgyzstan, located just south of the capital Bishkek.	Chong-Tash	Kyrgyzstan
country	Poleyshi (Persian: پليشي‎, also Romanized as Poleyshī) is a village in Dalfard Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Poleyshi	Iran
country	German submarine U-378 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. She carried out eight patrols before being sunk by US aircraft on 20 October 1943 in mid-Atlantic at position 47°40′N 28°27′W. She was a member of 16 wolfpacks.	German submarine U-378	Germany
country	Leszczydół-Nowiny (lɛʂˈt͡ʂɨduu̯ nɔˈvinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszków, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Leszczydół-Nowiny	Poland
country	Kohanshahr-e Sofla (Persian: كهن شهرسفلي‎, also Romanized as Kohanshahr-e Soflá) is a village in Najafabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kohanshahr-e Sofla	Iran
country	Mtunzini (Mm-tun-zee-nee) is a small coastal town that is situated almost exactly halfway along KwaZulu-Natal's coastline in South Africa approximately 140 km north of Durban.	Mtunzini	South Africa
country	The Victims of Acts of Terror Memorial in Israel (Hebrew: אנדרטת חללי פעולות האיבה‎, Andartat Halalei Pe'ulot HaEiva, lit. ``Monument to the Victims of Hostile Acts'') is a monument to civilian victims of terrorism in modern Israel and the pre-state Land of Israel, from 1851 to the present.	Victims of Acts of Terror Memorial	Israel
country	The West Nakdong River (Rakdong in North Korean) is river in South Korea.	West Nakdong River	South Korea
country	Oborín (Hungarian: Abara) is a village and large municipality in Michalovce District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.	Oborín	Slovakia
country	Enningdalsälven is a river in Sweden and Norway.	Enningdalsälven	Sweden	Norway
country	The Community and Public Sector Union (more commonly known as the CPSU) is a national trade union in Australia.	Community and Public Sector Union	Australia
country	The River Corrib (Irish: Abhainn na Gaillimhe) in the west of Ireland flows from Lough Corrib through Galway to Galway Bay.	River Corrib	Ireland
country	Mohorje (in older sources also Mahorje) is a small settlement in the hills west of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia.	Mohorje	Slovenia
country	Ailigandí is a town and island in the Kuna Yala province of Panama.	Ailigandí	Panama
country	Brod v Podbočju (pronounced (ˈbɾoːt ʍ pɔdˈboːtʃju)) is a small village on the left bank of the Krka River, opposite Podbočje in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Brod v Podbočju	Slovenia
country	Gmina Goleszów is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Cieszyn County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland, in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia.	Gmina Goleszów	Poland
country	Tak Dam-e Barzand (Persian: تكدام برزند‎, also Romanized as Tak Dām-e Barzand; also known as Tak Dām) is a village in Pain Barzand Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Tak Dam-e Barzand	Iran
country	CBNLT was the local CBC Television owned-and-operated station (O&O) for Labrador City, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	CBNLT	Canada
country	Modziel (ˈmɔd͡ʑel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Modziel	Poland
country	Vanetina (pronounced (ˈʋaːnɛtina)) is a village in the Municipality of Cerkvenjak in northeastern Slovenia.	Vanetina	Slovenia
country	Cheonwang-dong is a dong, one part of Guro-gu in Seoul, South Korea.	Cheonwang-dong	South Korea
country	Lac Gagnon Water Aerodrome, (IATA: YGA, TC LID: CTU4), was located on Lac Gagnon, Quebec, Canada, and was open from May until November.	Lac Gagnon Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Fuentespalda (Spanish: (ˈfwentesˈpalda)) or Fontdespatla (Catalan: (ˌfɔndəsˈpaɫːə), locally: (ˌfɔndːasˈpalːa)) is a municipality located in the Matarraña/Matarranya comarca, province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain.	Fuentespalda	Spain
country	Babovo (Bulgarian: Бабово) is a village in northern Bulgaria.	Babovo	Bulgaria
country	Ruawai is a small township located 30 km south of Dargaville in Northland, New Zealand.	Ruawai	New Zealand
country	Valaliky is a relatively new village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.	Valaliky	Slovakia
country	Farmos is a village in the range of Nagykáta, Pest county, Hungary, in the middle of the range adjacent to the agglomeration of Budapest.	Farmos	Hungary
country	Ansignan is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales département in southern France.	Ansignan	France
country	Later, due to many other settlements in New Zealand called Campbelltown, the township's name was changed to Rongotea.	Rongotea	New Zealand
country	Hotel Alexandra is a historic hotel in the village of Loen in the municipality of Stryn in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Hotel Alexandra	Norway
country	The Stuttgart Rack Railway (German: Zahnradbahn Stuttgart) is an electric rack railway in Stuttgart, Germany.	Stuttgart Rack Railway	Germany
country	Donkar is a town in Lhuntse District in northeastern Bhutan.	Donkar	Bhutan
country	The Kremenchuk Hydroelectric Power Plant is a run-of-river power plant on the Dnieper River just upstream of Kremenchuk in Ukraine.	Kremenchuk Hydroelectric Power Plant	Ukraine
country	Gegharot (Armenian: Գեղարոտ, also Romanized as Gekharot; until 1945, Keshishkend) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Gegharot	Armenia
country	Gaultois is a small settlement in the Coast of Bays area in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Gaultois	Canada
country	It includes the Port of Felixstowe, which is the largest container port in the United Kingdom.	Felixstowe	United Kingdom
country	Phisugaon is a town in Sarpang District in southern Bhutan.	Phisugaon	Bhutan
country	Pallikal Kavu (Malayalam: പള്ളിക്കൽ കാവ് )is a Hindu temple located in Kothamangalam, Ernakulam District, Varappetty Grama Panchayathu in Kerala, India.	Pallikal Kavu	India
country	Azad Qaraqoyunlu (also, Azadkarakoyunlu) is a town and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Azad Qaraqoyunlu	Azerbaijan
country	Provaglio d'Iseo is a town and comune in the province of Brescia, in the Lombardy region in Italy.	Provaglio d'Iseo	Italy
country	Kosa is a Swedish sports equipment manufacturer, situated in Hallsberg, Sweden and mainly concentrated on equipment for bandy.	Kosa	Sweden
country	Ishimbay (Russian: Ишимба́й; Bashkir: Ишемба́й, Işembay) is a town in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia, located on the banks of the Belaya and Tayruk Rivers, 166 kilometers (103 mi) south of Ufa.	Ishimbay	Russia
country	American Public Media (APM) is the second largest producer of public radio programs in the United States of America after NPR.	American Public Media	United States of America
country	Bahia Center is a complex of 31-storey skyscrapers in Oran, Algeria.	Bahia Center	Algeria
country	Gröbenzell is a municipality near Munich in the district Fürstenfeldbruck, in Bavaria, Germany.	Gröbenzell	Germany
country	Mosede Fort, located in Mosede, Denmark is a coastal fort build, part of Tunestillingen, in the years before and during the First World War, to protect the Bay of Køge from possible German naval invasions.	Mosede Fort	Denmark
country	Żelechów (ʐɛˈlɛxuf) (Yiddish זשעלעכאָוו, rus. Желехув) is a town in east Poland in Masovian Voivodeship in Garwolin County.	Żelechów	Poland
country	Koleh Digeh (Persian: كله ديگه‎, also Romanized as Koleh Dīgeh; also knowna s Kūleh Dīgeh) is a village in Arshaq-e Gharbi Rural District, Moradlu District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Koleh Digeh	Iran
country	The SBOA Matriculation and Higher Secondary School, Madurai, is one of the schools run by the SBIOA Education Trust of the State Bank of India Officers Association in Madurai, Tamil Nadu, India.	SBOA Matriculation and Higher Secondary School, Madurai	India
country	Antašava is a small town in Panevėžys County, in north-eastern Lithuania.	Antašava	Lithuania
country	Kamargaon is a village on the Pune to Ahmednagar State Highway in India.	Kamargaon	India
country	Obowo, also spelled Obowu, is a Local Government Area of Imo State, Nigeria, and is headquartered in Otoko.	Obowo	Nigeria
country	The Roland Fountain (sometimes referred to as Maximilian Fountain; Slovak: Rolandova fontána or Maximiliánova fontána) is the most famous fountain in Bratislava, Slovakia, as well as one of the city's important landmarks.	Roland Fountain	Slovakia
country	Hinjce (pronounced (ˈxiːntsɛ)) is a small village in the Municipality of Sevnica in southeastern Slovenia.	Hinjce	Slovenia
country	Mahtari Ziyarat (Persian: مهتاري زيارت‎, also Romanized as Mahtārī Zīyārat) is a village in Jahadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mahtari Ziyarat	Iran
country	Alfonsine Solar Park is a 36.2 MW solar photovoltaic (PV) plant in Northern Italy, near Alfonsine, Italy.	Alfonsine Solar Park	Italy
country	In May 1945 Flensburg was the site of the last government of Nazi Germany, the so-called Flensburg government led by Karl Dönitz, which was in power from 1 May (Hitler's death) for one week until German armies surrendered and the town was occupied by Allied troops.	Flensburg	Germany
country	The Furlo Pass (Italian: Gola del Furlo or Passo del Furlo) is a gorge on the ancient Roman road Via Flaminia in the Marche region of central Italy, where it passes near the Candigliano river, a tributary of the Metauro.	Furlo Pass	Italy
country	Wezmeh Cave is a paleontological and archaeological cave site near Islamabad Gharb, western Iran.	Wezmeh	Iran
country	Male Vinice (pronounced (ˈmaːlɛ ˈʋiːnitsɛ)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Sodražica in southern Slovenia.	Male Vinice	Slovenia
country	The Tyrolean State Museum (German: Tiroler Landesmuseum), also known as the Ferdinandeum after Archduke Ferdinand, is located in Innsbruck, Austria.	Tyrolean State Museum	Austria
country	Tuchola (tuˈxɔla) (former German name: Tuchel) is a town in the Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in northern Poland.	Tuchola	Poland
country	The Phetchaburi River (Thai: แม่น้ำเพชรบุรี, RTGS: Maenam Phetchaburi, Thai pronunciation: (mɛ̂ːnáːm pʰéttɕʰaburiː)) is a river in western Thailand.	Phetchaburi River	Thailand
country	The Palace of Nowe Miasto nad Pilicą is a palace located in Nowe Miasto nad Pilicą in Grójce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in central Poland, along the Pilica River.	Palace of Nowe Miasto nad Pilicą	Poland
country	Masal (Persian: ماسال‎, also Romanized as Māsāl; also known as Bāzār-e Māsāl, Masal-Bazar, Sar-i-Bāzar, and Sārī Bāzār Mūsār) is a city in and the capital of Masal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Masal	Iran
country	Nyali is known for its many high-class hotels, modern standards, and long white sand beaches making it a popular destination for tourists visiting Kenya.	Nyali	Kenya
country	Surochów (suˈrɔxuf) (Ukrainian: Сурохів, Surokhiv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarosław, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Surochów	Poland
country	The Sharyn River (Kazakh: Шарын) is a river in the Almaty Province of Kazakhstan.	Sharyn River	Kazakhstan
country	Stromiecka Wola (strɔˈmjɛt͡ska ˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stromiec, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stromiecka Wola	Poland
country	The Caledonian Canal passes through Banavie, before ascending Neptune's Staircase, the longest staircase lock in the United Kingdom.	Banavie	United Kingdom
country	Dadallah-e Bazar (Persian: داد الله بازار‎, also Romanized as Dādāllah-e Bāzār) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Dadallah-e Bazar	Iran
country	Sand-e Bahram (Persian: سندبهرام‎, also Romanized as Sand-e Bahrām) is a village in Sand-e Mir Suiyan Rural District, Dashtiari District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Sand-e Bahram	Iran
country	The Uemachi Plateau (上町台地, うえまちだいち, Uemachi Daichi) is a plateau in Osaka City, Japan, that extends from the Osaka Castle and Tenmabashi area to Tennōji in the south.	Uemachi Plateau	Japan
country	Duvvuru is a very small town in Kadapa District, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Duvvuru	India
country	Plawangan is a hill above the town of Kaliurang, on the southern slopes of Gunung Merapi, Central Java, in Indonesia.	Plawangan	Indonesia
country	Cayucupil is a valley, a hamlet and a riachuelo or small river in the vicinity of Cañete, Chile of the Arauco Province of the Bío Bío Region that has its origin in the western foothills of the Nahuelbuta Mountains, to the east of that city.	Cayucupil	Chile
country	Le Minou is the site of a popular surfing beach and a lighthouse at the entrance to Brest harbor in France.	Le Minou	France
country	Nong Fa Lake or Nongphatom Lake (meaning Blue lake) is a volcanic crater lake in the mountains of Sanxay District, Attapeu Province, southeastern Laos, located within the Dong Ampham National Biodiversity Conservation Area, about 12 kilometres from the Vietnamese border.	Nong Fa Lake	Laos
country	Sarab-e Jahangir (Persian: سرابجهانگير‎‎, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Jahāngīr) is a village in Jayedar Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sarab-e Jahangir	Iran
country	Lipov (German Lippau) is a village and municipality (obec) in Hodonín District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.	Lipov	Czech Republic
country	Tapalqa (Persian: تپلقا‎, also Romanized as Tapalqā; also known as Ţablgāh and Tepelgā) is a village in Angut-e Sharqi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Tapalqa	Iran
country	Swieqi (Maltese: Is-Swieqi) is a town in the Northern Region of Malta.	Swieqi	Malta
country	The Thu Bồn River (Vietnamese: Sông Thu Bồn) is a river in central Vietnam, located near Quảng Nam Province.	Thu Bồn River	Vietnam
country	Kal Duzakh-e Do (Persian: كل دوزخ دو‎, also Romanized as Kal Dūzakh-e Do; also known as Kaldūzakh-e Do) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kal Duzakh-e Do	Iran
country	MacArthur Highway, formerly the Manila North Road, is a major highway on northwestern Luzon in the Philippines.	MacArthur Highway	Philippines
country	The National Institute of Physics (NIP) was established in 1983 by Presidential Executive Order No. 889 which transformed the Department of Physics of the College of Arts and Sciences into one of the seven research and academic institutes of the University of the Philippines Diliman - College of Science.	National Institute of Physics	Philippines
country	Crawinkel is a municipality in the eastern part of Germany in the district of Gotha, Thuringia.	Crawinkel	Germany
country	Takhtiyeh (Persian: تخيتيه‎, also Romanized as Takhtīyeh; also known as Takhtīyeh-ye Kūchek) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Takhtiyeh	Iran
country	Fotografiska (The Swedish Museum of Photography) is a centre for contemporary photography in Stockholm, Sweden that opened on 21 May 2010.	Fotografiska	Sweden
country	Červonka, also known as Vecsaliena, is a settlement in Vecsaliena parish in southeastern Latvia.	Červonka	Latvia
country	Kediri Regency is a regency (kabupaten) located in East Java province, Indonesia.	Kediri Regency	Indonesia
country	Tingtibi is a settlement in the south of Bhutan.	Tingtibi	Bhutan
country	Renče (Italian: Ranziano) is a settlement in the lower Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Renče-Vogrsko in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Renče	Slovenia
country	The City of South Brisbane was a local government area on the southern side of the Brisbane River, Queensland, Australia.	City of South Brisbane	Australia
country	Angoisse (Occitan dialect: Engoissa) is a commune in the Dordogne department in Aquitaine in southwestern France.	Angoisse	France
country	The École cantonale d'art de Lausanne (ECAL) is a university of art and design based in Renens (in the urban area of Lausanne, Switzerland).	École cantonale d'art de Lausanne	Switzerland
country	Skeaf railway station was on the Ballinascarthy and Timoleague Junction Light Railway in County Cork, Ireland.	Skeaf railway station	Ireland
country	Tour Sequoia (previously known as tour Bull, and also known as tour SFR or tour Cegetel) is an office skyscraper located in La Défense business district just west of Paris, France.	Tour Sequoia	France
country	İkinci Meyniman (also, Meyniman and Meyniman Vtoroye) is a village and the least populous municipality in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan.	İkinci Meyniman	Azerbaijan
country	Sonbolabad Rural District (Persian: دهستان سنبل آباد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Soltaniyeh District, Abhar County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Sonbolabad Rural District	Iran
country	The Slieve Miskish Mountains are a small range of low sandstone mountains found at the extreme south-western tip of the Beara Peninsula of County Cork in Ireland.	Slieve Miskish Mountains	Ireland
country	Momarken, is a racecourse to the north of Mysen, Norway, in the Eidsberg municipality in Østfold.	Momarken	Norway
country	The Electoral district of Mandurang was an electoral district of the Victorian Legislative Assembly (Australia), based in north central Victoria around, but not including, the town of Bendigo (then known as Sandhurst).	Electoral district of Mandurang	Australia
country	The village of Nimeta is located 15 km near the city of Baroda, India.	Nimeta	India
country	Rycerka Górna (rɨˈt͡sɛrka ˈɡurna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rajcza, within Żywiec County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Rycerka Górna	Poland
country	Mar Assia al-Hakim Church (Arabic: كنيسة مار آسيا الحكيم‎) is a Syriac Catholic Church in Al-Jdayde quarter of Aleppo, Syria.	Mar Assia al-Hakim Church	Syria
country	Sunland Group Limited (ASX: SDG) is an Australian development company headquartered in South East Queensland, Australia.	Sunland Group	Australia
country	Zinder (locally, Damagaram), formerly also spelled Sinder, is the second largest city in Niger, with a population of 170,574 (2001 census); by 2005 its population was estimated to be over 200,000.	Zinder	Niger
country	Kismayo Airport (IATA: KMU, ICAO: HCMK), also known as Kisimayu Airport, is an international airport serving Kismayo, the capital city of the Lower Juba region in Somalia.	Kismayo Airport	Somalia
country	Hollenfels Castle (French: Château de Hollenfels), with a history dating back to the 11th century, is one of the castles located close to the River Eisch in the so-called Valley of the Seven Castles in central Luxembourg.	Hollenfels Castle	Luxembourg
country	Chortarolimni (Greek: Χορταρόλιμνη meaning ``weed lake'') is a lagoon located in the East of the island Lemnos, Greece.	Chortarolimni	Greece
country	Karo Regency is a regency of North Sumatra, Indonesia, situated in the Barisan Mountains.	Karo Regency	Indonesia
country	Kutakan (Armenian: Կուտական), is a village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Kutakan	Armenia
country	Birchleigh is one of the northernmost suburbs of Kempton Park, in Gauteng province, South Africa.	Birchleigh	South Africa
country	Podrečje (pronounced (pɔˈdɾeːtʃjɛ); German: Podretsche) is a settlement on the left bank of the Kamnik Bistrica River opposite Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Podrečje	Slovenia
country	The Saxon State and University Library Dresden (full name in German: Sächsische Landesbibliothek -- Staats- und Universitätsbibliothek Dresden), abbreviated SLUB Dresden, is located in Dresden, Germany.	Saxon State and University Library Dresden	Germany
country	Dsegh (Armenian: Դսեղ), known as Tumanyan between 1938 and 1969, is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Dsegh	Armenia
country	Zanjan Industrial Area (Persian: ناحيه صنعتي زنجان‎ -- Nāḥīyeh Şanʿatī-ye Zanjān) is a village and company town in Taham Rural District, in the Central District of Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Zanjan Industrial Area	Iran
country	Kuusaankoski (meaning: Kuusaa rapids) is a popular fishing rapids in Central Finland with cultural heritage landscape.	Kuusaankoski	Finland
country	Amderma (Russian: Амдерма, lit. a walrus rookery in Nenets) is a rural locality (a settlement) in Zapolyarny District of Nenets Autonomous Okrug, Russia, located on the coast of Kara Sea, 490 kilometers (300 mi) from Naryan-Mar, the administrative center of the autonomous okrug.	Amderma	Russia
country	Adafienu is a coastal community located in the Volta Region of Ghana near Denu.	Adafienu	Ghana
country	At Edappally, The National Highway 17 begins and continues up to Panvel, Maharashtra, in India.	Edappally	India
country	Pargan (Persian: پرگان‎, also Romanized as Pargān; also known as Parkān, Poorgan, Por Kon, Porūkān, Pūrgān, and Pūrkān) is a village in Banestan Rural District, in the Central District of Behabad County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Pargan	Iran
country	The Barakar River is the main tributary of the Damodar River in eastern India.	Barakar River	India
country	The Cabuçu River is a river situated in South Eastern Brazil within the state of Rio de Janeiro.	Cabuçu River	Brazil
country	Ashkelon Academic College (Hebrew: המכללה האקדמית אשקלון‎, HaMiklala HaAkademit Ashkelon) is a public college in Ashkelon, Israel which is qualified to grant Bachelor's degrees from Bar-Ilan University.	Ashkelon Academic College	Israel
country	Pawłów Górny (ˈpavwuf ˈɡurnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Pawłów Górny	Poland
country	SNCB Class 22 Locomotives were owned by the National Railway Company of Belgium, also known as Nationale Maatschappij der Belgische Spoorwegen (or NMBS, Dutch) or Société Nationale des Chemins de fer Belges (or SNCB, French), the Belgian national railway operator.	SNCB Class 22	Belgium
country	Simmern (German pronunciation: (ˈzɪmən); officially Simmern/Hunsrück) is a town of roughly 7,600 inhabitants (2013) in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, the district seat of the Rhein-Hunsrück-Kreis, and the seat of the like-named Verbandsgemeinde.	Simmern	Germany
country	Malo Globoko (pronounced (ˈmaːlɔ ɡlɔˈbɔːkɔ)) is a small settlement on the right bank of the Krka River opposite Fužina in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Malo Globoko	Slovenia
country	Santa María la Coronada Church is a parish church in the town of San Roque in the Province of Cádiz, Spain.	Santa María la Coronada Church	Spain
country	The P.C. Hooftstraat is a shopping street in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	P.C. Hooftstraat	Netherlands
country	Kiratina is a settlement in Kenya's Kiambu County In The Former Central Province (Kenya).	Kiratina	Kenya
country	The Pibor River (also called the River Pibor) is a river in eastern South Sudan, which defines part of South Sudan's border with Ethiopia.	Pibor River	South Sudan	Ethiopia
country	Ulug-Khemsky District (Russian: Улуг-Хемский кожуун; Tyvan: Улуг-Хем кожуун) is an administrative and municipal district (raion, or kozhuun), one of the seventeen in the Tuva Republic, Russia.	Ulug-Khemsky District	Russia
country	Vukpalaj (also known as Vukpalaj-Bajzë) is a settlement in the former Kastrat Municipality, Shkodër County, northern Albania.	Vukpalaj	Albania
country	Notodden Old Station (Norwegian: Notodden gamle stasjon) was the railway station serving Notodden, Norway, from 1909 to 1919.	Notodden Old Station	Norway
country	The Torres de Santa Cruz is a residential complex composed of the twin towers located in the city of Santa Cruz de Tenerife (Canary Islands, Spain).	Torres de Santa Cruz	Spain
country	The Brasserie des Rocs (formerly known as Brasserie de l'Abbaye des Rocs) is a brewery in Montignies-sur-Roc, Belgium.	Brasserie des Rocs	Belgium
country	Studio 100 has access to the largest recording studios in all of Belgium.	Studio 100	Belgium
country	Southport State High School is a school situated in Southport on the Gold Coast, Queensland in Australia.	Southport State High School	Australia
country	Orašje Popovo (Serbian Cyrillic: Орашје Попово) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Orašje Popovo	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Sukhishvili University is a university in Shida Kartli region, Gori, central Georgia.	Sukhishvili University	Georgia
country	Dalaram (Persian: دلارام‎, also Romanized as Dalārām; also known as Dalāramdy) is a village in Delvar Rural District, Delvar District, Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Dalaram	Iran
country	Igopogo is a legendary cryptozoological creature which is rumored to dwell in Lake Simcoe, Ontario, Canada.	Igopogo	Canada
country	Destriana (Spanish pronunciation: (desˈtɾjana)) is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Destriana	Spain
country	Ngauranga is a suburb of New Zealand's capital city, Wellington, in the lower North Island.	Ngauranga	New Zealand
country	Blaker Fortress is one of the Norwegian fortresses which were constructed in the period of intense competition among the Baltic powers (Denmark-Norway, Sweden, Russia, Poland and the German states) for northern supremacy.	Blaker Fortress	Norway
country	Brijesnica Mala (Cyrillic: Бријесница Мала) is a village in the municipality of Doboj East, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Brijesnica Mala	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Maralinga in the remote western areas of South Australia was the home of the Maralinga Tjarutja, a southern Pitjantjatjara Indigenous Australian people.	Maralinga	Australia
country	Ulacalı (also, Uladzhaly, Uladzhrly, and Uludzhaly) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ulacalı	Azerbaijan
country	The Amqu (also Amka, Amki, Amq) is a region (now in eastern Lebanon), equivalent to the Beqaa Valley region, named in the 1350-1335 BC Amarna letters corpus.	Amqu	Lebanon
country	Chalcis (/ˈkælsᵻs/; Ancient Greek & Katharevousa: Χαλκίς, Chalkís) or Chalkida (Modern Greek: Χαλκίδα, (xalˈciða)) is the chief town of the island of Euboea in Greece, is situated on the Euripus Strait at its narrowest point.	Chalcis	Greece
country	Hvalsø is a town and a former municipality (Danish, kommune) in Region Sjælland on the island of Zealand (Sjælland) in east Denmark.	Hvalsø	Denmark
country	Kamaing (Burmese: ကာမိုင်းမြို့; also Kamine) is a town in the Kachin State of the northernmost part of the Union of Myanmar.	Kamaing	Myanmar
country	Caër is a settlement located in the commune of Normanville, Upper Normandy, France.	Caër	France
country	Letterkenny University Hospital (LUH) (Irish: Ospidéal na hOllscoile Leitir Ceanainn) is an acute university and maternity hospital serving 147,000 inhabitants of County Donegal in Ireland.	Letterkenny University Hospital	Ireland
country	Parževići (Serbian: Паржевићи) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Parževići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Lycée Français de Madrid (LFM, Spanish: Liceo Francés de Madrid) is a French international school in Madrid, Spain.	Lycée Français de Madrid	Spain
country	Herten is a town and a municipality in the district of Recklinghausen, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Herten	Germany
country	The Renouveau municipal de Québec (Municipal renewal of Québec) was a political party in the city of Québec, Quebec, Canada that contests municipal elections.	Renouveau municipal de Québec	Canada
country	The Bolaños River is a river in Mexico flowing through the Sierra Madre Occidental, and a tributary of Rio Grande de Santiago.	Bolaños River	Mexico
country	Kolonga is a village and the most populated settlement located on the northeast coast of Tongatapu in the Hahake District, Kingdom of Tonga.	Kolonga	Tonga
country	Thamshavn Station (Norwegian: Thamshavn stasjon) is a former railway station on the Thamshavn Line, located at Thamshavn, a port area just northeast of Orkanger in the municipality of Orkdal in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Thamshavn Station	Norway
country	The 1912 Summer Olympics (Swedish: Olympiska sommarspelen 1912), officially known as the Games of the V Olympiad, were an international multi-sport event held in Stockholm, Sweden, between 5 May and 22 July 1912.	1912 Summer Olympics	Sweden
country	The Bibans or Biban Range (Arabic: البيبان‎, Kabylian: Tiggoura, French: Chaîne des Bibans or Les Bibans) are a chain of mountains in northern Algeria, bordering the south of Kabylie.	Bibans	Algeria
country	Greenmarket Square is a historical square in the centre of old Cape Town, South Africa.	Greenmarket Square	South Africa
country	In 2013 Land Force Western Area, a peacetime military organization in western Canada, was ordered redesignated as 3rd Canadian Division.	3rd Canadian Division	Canada
country	Ermeton-sur-Biert is a village in the Walloon province of Namur, Belgium, which since 1977 has been a subdivision of the municipality of Mettet.	Ermeton-sur-Biert	Belgium
country	Theerthamalai is an important Sacred place in Harur taluk of Dharmapuri district located in Tamil Nadu, India.	Theerthamalai	India
country	Utovlje (pronounced (ˈuːtɔu̯ljɛ); Italian: Uttoglie) is a village northeast of Križ in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Utovlje	Slovenia
country	Karrar (also, Kerar and Kerrar) is a village and municipality in the Kurdamir Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Karrar	Azerbaijan
country	The Tapenagá River (Spanish, Río Tapenagá) is a river of Chaco Province and Santa Fe Province, Argentina.	Tapenagá River	Argentina
country	Edrag (Persian: ادرگ‎; also known as Edraj) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Edrag	Iran
country	Zante parish (Latvian: Zantes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Kandava Municipality, Latvia.	Zante parish	Latvia
country	The Museo Nacional de las Culturas (MNC; National Museum of Cultures) is a national museum in Mexico City dedicated to education about the world's cultures, both past and present.	Museo Nacional de las Culturas	Mexico
country	Tlalpan is one of the 16 administrative boroughs (called ``delegaciones'' in Spanish) of the Federal District of Mexico City.	Tlalpan	Mexico
country	Ounjougou is the name of a lieu-dit found in the middle of an important complex of archaeological sites in the Upper Yamé Valley on the Bandiagara Plateau, in Dogon Country, Mali.	Ounjougou	Mali
country	The Haanja Upland (Haanja Highland, Estonian: Haanja kõrgustik) is a hilly area of higher elevation in southern Estonia.	Haanja Upland	Estonia
country	Aracati is a municipality in the state of Ceará, northeast of Brazil.	Aracati	Brazil
country	Donja Borina (Serbian Cyrillic: Доња Борина) is a village in Serbia.	Donja Borina	Serbia
country	Shahu Khel, also spelt Shahukhel, is a town of Hangu District in the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Shahu Khel	Pakistan
country	The San Isidro Cathedral is located into the San Isidro City, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.	San Isidro Cathedral	Argentina
country	Qaqortoq Museum (Greenlandic: Kalaallit Nunaanni Katersugaasiviit) is a museum located in one of the oldest buildings of the town of Qaqortoq, Greenland.	Qaqortoq Museum	Greenland
country	Chittagong Cantonment Public College is a prominent educational institution in Chittagong, Bangladesh, situated on the eastern boundary of Chittagong Cantonment with a 20-acre campus.	Chittagong Cantonment Public College	Bangladesh
country	Jamla (Arabic: جملة‎, also spelled Gamlah, Jumlah or Jamleh) is a village in southwestern Syria, administratively part of the Daraa Governorate and immediately east of the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights.	Jamla	Syria
country	The Folketing (Danish: Folketinget, pronounced (ˈfʌlɡ̊ətˢeŋˀð); lit. the people's thing), also known as the Danish Parliament in English, is the unicameral national parliament of the Kingdom of Denmark.	Folketing	Denmark
country	Chaldal (Persian: چال دال‎, also Romanized as Chāldāl) is a village in Kabgian Rural District, Kabgian District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Chaldal	Iran
country	Lod (Hebrew: לוֹד; Arabic: الْلُدّ‎ al-Ludd; Greco-Latin: Lydda, Diospolis, Ancient Greek: Λύδδα / Διόσπολις - city of Zeus) is a mixed Jewish-Arab city 15 km (9.3 mi) southeast of Tel Aviv in the Center District of Israel.	Lod	Israel
country	The Togo Mountains is a mountain range which stretches across the central region of the West African country of Togo and across the eastern and western borders of that country into Ghana and Benin.	Togo Mountains	Ghana	Benin
country	Parchin Bolagh (Persian: پرچين بلاغ‎, also Romanized as Parchīn Bolāgh) is a village in Gavdul-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Malekan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Parchin Bolagh	Iran
country	Gnisvärd (also referred to as Gnisvärd och Smågårde), is a fishing village in Tofta on the central west coast of the island of Gotland, Sweden.	Gnisvärd	Sweden
country	Arróniz (Basque: Arroitz) is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.	Arróniz	Spain
country	Club Alcobendas Rugby is a Spanish rugby team based in Alcobendas, Spain.	Alcobendas Rugby	Spain
country	Rønne Theater, also Bornholms Teater, is a theatre in Rønne, Bornholm, Denmark.	Rønne Theater	Denmark
country	After Johannesburg, the Durban Metropolitan Area ranks second among the most populous urban areas in South Africa, virtually ex-aequo with Cape Town.	Durban	South Africa
country	The area SoFo, or ``South of Folkungagatan'' is located in Södermalm, a district of Stockholm, Sweden.	SoFo	Sweden
country	The Scheppau is a stream in Lower Saxony, Germany, approximately 10 km long.	Scheppau	Germany
country	The Fortress of Louisbourg (French: Forteresse de Louisbourg) is a National Historic Site of Canada and the location of a one-quarter partial reconstruction of an 18th-century French fortress at Louisbourg on Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia.	Fortress of Louisbourg	Canada
country	Danachowo (danaˈxɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Danachowo	Poland
country	The historic ruins of Monasterboice (Irish: Mainistir Bhuithe) are of an early Christian settlement in County Louth in Ireland, north of Drogheda.	Monasterboice	Ireland
country	Ntshingwayo Dam (previously known as Chelmsford Dam) is a combined gravity & arch type dam located on the Ingagane River in South Africa.	Ntshingwayo Dam	South Africa
country	The Chongqing West Railway Station is a railway station of Chengyu Passenger Railway that is located in Shapingba District of Chongqing, People's Republic of China.	Chongqing West Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	Gulzar Bhulkani is Union council of Jacobabad District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.	Gulzar Bhulkani	Pakistan
country	Altlandsberg ( ) is a historic town in the district of Märkisch-Oderland, in Brandenburg, Germany.	Altlandsberg	Germany
country	Base Borden Military Museum is a military museum located on the grounds of CFB Borden, in Borden, Ontario, Canada.	Base Borden Military Museum	Canada
country	Pokr Mantash (Armenian: Փոքր Մանթաշ; Russified as Malyy Mantash; formerly, Pokr Arkhvali) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Pokr Mantash	Armenia
country	Vision Apartments is a residential skyscraper currently under construction in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Vision Apartments	Australia
country	Tag-e Oshtoran (Persian: تگ اشتران‎, also Romanized as Tag-e Oshtorān and Tak Oshtorān; also known as Tāgeshterow and Tagoshtorū) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tag-e Oshtoran	Iran
country	Handlová (German: Krickerhau, Hungarian: Nyitrabánya, before 1913 Handlova) is a town in the Prievidza District, Trenčín Region in the middle of Slovakia.	Handlová	Slovakia
country	The Berbice Bridge is a pontoon bridge over the Berbice River near New Amsterdam in Guyana.	Berbice Bridge	Guyana
country	Injangyang (Burmese: အင်ဂျန်းယန်မြို့) is a town in the Kachin State of northernmost part of the Union of Myanmar.	Injangyang	Myanmar
country	Kirovsk-Apatity Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Кировск/Апатиты), also known as Khibiny Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Хибины) (IATA: KVK, ICAO: ULMK) is a joint use airfield in Murmansk Oblast, Russia, located 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) southeast of Apatity.	Kirovsk-Apatity Airport	Russia
country	Elliotdale (Xhosa: Xhora) is a town in Amatole District Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.	Elliotdale	South Africa
country	Ronino (rɔˈninɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Postomino, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Ronino	Poland
country	Gleno is a city in East Timor, 30 kilometres (19 mi) to the southwest of Dili, the national capital.	Gleno	East Timor
country	Neustädter Binnenwasser is a lake near Neustadt in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Neustädter Binnenwasser	Germany
country	The Cisa Pass or La Cisa Pass is a mountain pass in Italy that marks the division between the Ligurian and Tuscan Apennines.	Cisa Pass	Italy
country	The western half of Moldavia is now part of Romania, the eastern side belongs to the Republic of Moldova, while the northern and southeastern parts are territories of Ukraine.	Moldavia	Romania	Ukraine
country	University of Aleppo (Arabic: جامعة حلب‎, also called Aleppo University) is a public university located in Aleppo, Syria.	University of Aleppo	Syria
country	Mowtowr-e Pirdad (Persian: موتور پيرداد‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Pīrdād) is a village in Dalgan Rural District, in the Central District of Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Pirdad	Iran
country	Ngoussoua Campement is a village in the Bamingui-Bangoran prefecture in the northern Central African Republic.	Ngoussoua Campement	Central African Republic
country	Onufriivka is an urban-type settlement in Kirovohrad Oblast, Ukraine, and the administrative centre of Onufriivka Raion.	Onufriivka	Ukraine
country	Chandrapur Municipality other names Chandranigahapur locally known as Chapur is a Municipality in Rautahat District in the Narayani Zone of south-eastern Nepal.	Chandrapur Municipality	Nepal
country	Räckelwitz (Sorbian: Worklecy) is a municipality in Bautzen district, in the state of Saxony, Germany.	Räckelwitz	Germany
country	Grogol Petamburan is a subdistrict of West Jakarta, Indonesia, roughly bounded by the West Flood Canal to the east, Angke Canal to the west and to the north, and Jakarta-Merak Tollway to the south.	Grogol Petamburan	Indonesia
country	The Maokong Gondola (Chinese: 貓空纜車; pinyin: Māokōng Lǎnchē) is a gondola lift transportation system in Taipei, Taiwan.	Maokong Gondola	Taiwan
country	Tulapur is a village in Pune district, Maharashtra, India associated with the last moments of Chhatrapati Sambhaji Maharaj, Son of Chhatrapati Shivaji.	Tulapur	India
country	Kilgwrrwg (Welsh: Cilgwrrwg) is a rural parish in Monmouthshire, south east Wales, United Kingdom.	Kilgwrrwg	United Kingdom
country	Lake Poteriteri is the southernmost of the large lakes in Fiordland National Park in New Zealand's South Island.	Lake Poteriteri	New Zealand
country	Nishnawbe Aski Nation (ᐊᓂᐦᔑᓈᐯ ᐊᔅᑭ ᐃᔥᑯᓂᑲᓇᓐ ᐅᑭᒫᐎᓐ (Anishinaabe-aski Ishkoniganan Ogimaawin), unpointed: ᐊᓂᔑᓇᐯ ᐊᔅᑭ ᐃᔥᑯᓂᐊᓇᓐ ᐅᑭᒪᐎᓐ; NAN for short) is a political organization representing 49 First Nation communities across Treaty 9 and Treaty 5 areas of Northern Ontario, Canada.	Nishnawbe Aski Nation	Canada
country	La Maragatería or País de los Maragatos (Tierra de Maragatos in Leonese language), is an ancient historical region or traditional comarca in the landlocked Province of León, Spain.	Maragatería	Spain
country	The Small Carpathian Museum (aka Little Carpathian Museum) in Pezinok, Bratislava, Slovakia, is a local museum with an emphasis on wine making.	Small Carpathian Museum	Slovakia
country	Orlište (Cyrillic: Орлиште) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Orlište	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Fairbairn Avenue is a major arterial road in the eastern suburbs of Canberra, the capital city of Australia.	Fairbairn Avenue	Australia
country	Baggar is a town in the Jhunjhunu District of Rajasthan, a state in India.	Baggar	India
country	Ijrud County (Persian: شهرستان ایجرود‎‎) is a county in Zanjan Province in Iran.	Ijrud County	Iran
country	Millau (Occitan: Milhau) is a commune in the Aveyron department in the French Midi-Pyrenees region in southern France.	Millau	France
country	Deh-e Kulak (Persian: ده كولك‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Kūlak; also known as Deh Kalak) is a village in Rameshk Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Kulak	Iran
country	Ándalus Líneas Aéreas also known as just Ándalus was a regional airline based in Málaga, Spain.	Ándalus Líneas Aéreas	Spain
country	Lac de Lussy is a lake in the bog at Châtel-Saint-Denis, in the canton of Fribourg, Switzerland.	Lac de Lussy	Switzerland
country	Clontarf Castle (Irish: Caisleán Chluain Tarbh) is a much-modernised castle, dating to 1837, in Clontarf, Dublin, Ireland, an area famous as a key location of the Battle of Clontarf in 1014.	Clontarf Castle	Ireland
country	Dolnja Prekopa (pronounced (ˈdoːlnja ˈpɾeːkɔpa); in older sources also Dolenje Prekope, German: Unterprekope) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kostanjevica na Krki in eastern Slovenia.	Dolnja Prekopa	Slovenia
country	Veselava Manor (Latvian: Veselavas muižas pils; German: Wesselshof) is a manor house in the historical region of Vidzeme, in northern Latvia.	Veselava Manor	Latvia
country	The Schiara (Italian: Monte Schiara) is a mountain in the southern Dolomites of Veneto in northern Italy.	Schiara	Italy
country	Pop and Contemporary Fine Art is a contemporary art gallery located on Orchard Road, Central Region, Singapore, that resides on the third floor of Palais Renaissance.	Pop and Contemporary Fine Art	Singapore
country	Karak Harak (Persian: كركهرك‎) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District (Kermanshah Province), in the Central District of Qasr-e Shirin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Karak Harak	Iran
country	The Nuova Accademia di Belle Arti, ``New Academy of Fine Arts'', also known as NABA, is a privately run university in Milan, Lombardy, Italy.	Nuova Accademia di Belle Arti	Italy
country	Pas Bast (Persian: پس بست‎) is a village in Mehran Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Pas Bast	Iran
country	Sirja (Persian: سيرجا‎, also Romanized as Sīrjā; also known as Sīrjāh and Sīrjeh) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District, Dashtiari District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Sirja	Iran
country	Sault Ste. Marie Airport, , is an international airport located west-southwest of the city of Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada at the far eastern end of Lake Superior and the beginning of the St. Mary's River.	Sault Ste. Marie Airport	Canada
country	The Mississauga Trilliums are a girls lacrosse association based in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.	Mississauga Trilliums	Canada
country	The Battle of Gavere was fought near Semmerzake in Belgium on July 23, 1453 between an army under the Philip the Good of Burgundy and the rebelling city of Ghent.	Battle of Gavere	Belgium
country	Kutlići (Serbian: Кутлићи) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kutlići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Dardistan (Perso-Arabic: داردستان) is a term coined by Gottlieb William Leitner for the northern Pakistan, Kashmir and parts of north-eastern Afghanistan.	Dardistan	Pakistan
country	The Fatima Al-Zahra Mosque is a Shia Islamic mosque located in Arncliffe a suburb of Sydney, Australia.	Al-Zahra Mosque	Australia
country	The Ponte dei Tre Archi is a Baroque style pedestrian bridge spanning the Cannaregio Canal, located just South of the Rio San Giobbe, linking the Fondamenti (canal bank walks) of Cannaregio (North) and San Giobbe (South), in the city of Venice, Italy.	Ponte dei Tre Archi	Italy
country	Ten years after the new start, Polysius employed 600 people in Germany and 100 abroad.	Polysius	Germany
country	The Skjervøy Bridge or Skattørsundet Bridge (Norwegian: Skjervøyabrua / Skattørsundet bru) is a beam bridge in the municipality of Skjervøy that crosses the Skattørsundet strait between the islands of Kågen and Skjervøya in Troms county, Norway.	Skjervøy Bridge	Norway
country	Aljaž Tower (Slovene: Aljažev stolp) or the Triglav Tower (Triglavski stolp) is a tower, a storm shelter and a triangulation point on the summit of Mount Triglav in northwestern Slovenia.	Aljaž Tower	Slovenia
country	Royal Air Force Aboukir or more simply RAF Aboukir is a former Royal Air Force base located 6.6 miles (10.6 km) northwest of Kafr El-Dawar and 7.2 miles (11.6 km) east of Alexandria, Egypt.	RAF Aboukir	Egypt
country	Miss Trinidad and Tobago 2015 Kimberly Singh hails from Tabaquite Tabaquite is a primarily rural area and suffers from infrastructural neglect.	Tabaquite	Trinidad and Tobago
country	The Jezava (Serbian Cyrillic: Језава) is a river in central Serbia, a 47.5 km long right tributary of the Danube, in which flows in Smederevo at Smederevo Fortress (on the right side).	Jezava	Serbia
country	The Flemish Government (Dutch: Vlaamse regering ) is the executive branch of the Flemish Community and the Flemish Region of Belgium.	Flemish Government	Belgium
country	Prevost Island is an island in the southern Gulf Islands of the South Coast of British Columbia, Canada, located east of Ganges Harbour and midway between the southeastern extremity of Salt Spring Island (W) and the southern end of Galiano Island (E).	Prevost Island	Canada
country	Halswell is a satellite town of Christchurch, New Zealand, located in open country 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) southwest of Cathedral Square on State Highway 75.	Halswell	New Zealand
country	Baku State University (BSU, Azerbaijani: Bakı Dövlət Universiteti) is a public university located in Baku, Azerbaijan.	Baku State University	Azerbaijan
country	Draženci (pronounced (ˈdɾaːʒɛntsi)) is a village in the Municipality of Hajdina in northeastern Slovenia.	Draženci	Slovenia
country	Indira Gandhi Co-operative Hospital (IGCH), formerly known as the Cochin Co-operative Hospital, is a hospital operating in the co-operative sector in Kochi, Kerala, India.	Indira Gandhi Co-operative Hospital	India
country	Wola Taczowska (ˈvɔla taˈt͡ʂɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Taczowska	Poland
country	Kafr Nasij (Arabic: كفر ناسج‎, also spelled Kafar Nasej) is a village in the al-Sanamayn District of the Daraa Governorate in southern Syria.	Kafr Nasij	Syria
country	The Istana Kenangan (Jawi script: ايستان كنڠن ;Remembrance Palace) was a royal residence in Kuala Kangsar in Perak, Malaysia.	Istana Kenangan	Malaysia
country	In 1945, the Germans left and the island of Patmos remained autonomous until 1948, when it, together with the rest of the Dodecanese Islands, joined the independent Greece.	Patmos	Greece
country	Kirkfield/Balsam Lake Aerodrome, (TC LID: CKD8), is located 4 nautical miles (7.4 km; 4.6 mi) southeast of Kirkfield and just west of Balsam Lake, Ontario, Canada.	Kirkfield/Balsam Lake Aerodrome	Canada
country	Heliport Sanatorium Dr. Schenk (ICAO: LOIY) is a private, medical use only heliport located in Schruns, Vorarlberg, Austria.	Heliport Sanatorium Dr. Schenk	Austria
country	The Kollegium Kalksburg is a Roman Catholic private school in the Kalksburg, Liesing, Vienna, Austria.	Kollegium Kalksburg	Austria
country	Toktogul is a town in Jalal-Abad Region of Kyrgyzstan with an estimated population of 15,943.	Toktogul	Kyrgyzstan
country	Arorae Island Airport (IATA: AIS, ICAO: NGTR) is the airport serving Arorae, Kiribati.	Arorae Island Airport	Kiribati
country	Nytva (Russian: Ны́тва) is a town and the administrative center of Nytvensky District in Perm Krai, Russia, located on the Nytva River near its confluence with the Kama, 70 kilometers (43 mi) west of Perm, the administrative center of the krai.	Nytva	Russia
country	Dolenje pri Jelšanah (pronounced (dɔˈleːnjɛ pɾi jɛlˈʃaːnax); Italian: Dolegna) is a village north of Jelšane in the Municipality of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia, next to the border with Croatia.	Dolenje pri Jelšanah	Slovenia
country	Arapohue is a locality in Northland, New Zealand, approximately 16 km south east of Dargaville Lime is quarried in the area.	Arapohue	New Zealand
country	The Köhlbrand Bridge (German: Köhlbrandbrücke) is a cable-stayed bridge in Hamburg, Germany, which connects the harbor area on the island of Wilhelmsburg between the Norderelbe and Süderelbe anabranches of the Elbe river with motorway 7 (exit Waltershof).	Köhlbrand Bridge	Germany
country	With the announcement of Disney Channel (Germany) launching causing a loss of Disney programming, Super RTL signed volume deals in October 2013 with Warner Bros. International Television and Sony Pictures Television for a slate of animated features and DreamWorks Animation (DWA) for 1,200 hours of programming until 2020.	Super RTL	Germany
country	Shakin (Persian: شاكين‎, also Romanized as Shākīn) is a village in Dodangeh-ye Sofla Rural District, Ziaabad District, Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Shakin	Iran
country	Əyrək is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Əyrək	Azerbaijan
country	Stonařov ((Czech pronunciation: (ˈstonar̝of)); German: Stannern) is a village near city Jihlava in the Vysočina Region in Moravia, Czech Republic.	Stonařov	Czech Republic
country	Sidak (Persian: سيدك‎, also Romanized as Sīdak) is a village in Baranduz Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sidak	Iran
country	Baykalsko or Baikalsko (Bulgarian: Байкалско) is a village in Radomir Municipality, Pernik Province, Southwest Bulgaria.	Baykalsko	Bulgaria
country	Speziale, in upper Salento, in the Apulia region of southern Italy, is a frazione in the municipality of Fasano.	Speziale	Italy
country	The Elsässisches Fahnenlied (``The Alsatian Flag's song'') was written by Emil Woerth (1870-1926) in German when Alsace was part of the German Empire (1871-1918).	Elsässisches Fahnenlied	Alsace
country	Pogorzała (pɔɡɔˈʐawa) (German: Seifersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Pogorzała	Poland
country	By the end of 2014, all of Lufthansa's national routes and international traffic to and from Germany - except flights to and from Frankfurt and Munich and the routes from Düsseldorf to Newark and Chicago were transferred to Germanwings.	Germanwings	Germany
country	The Other Press is the independent student newspaper of Douglas College, a multi-campus public college in British Columbia, Canada.	The Other Press	Canada
country	South Bekasi (Bekasi Selatan) is one of the twelve districts (kecamatan) within the municipality of Bekasi, in Jakarta's greater metro area on the island of Java, Indonesia.	South Bekasi	Indonesia
country	Titovka River (Russian: Титовка, Finnish: Vaalesjoki) is a river in the north of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Titovka River	Russia
country	Vangaži (( pronunciation ) is a town in central Latvia.	Vangaži	Latvia
country	Ilavalai (Tamil: இளவாலை) is a small coastal village located in (Valigamam North) Jaffna, Sri Lanka.	Ilavalai	Sri Lanka
country	Rogoušići (Serbian: Рогоушићи) is a village in the municipality of Pale, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Rogoušići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Republic of Korea Army Engineer School is a Republic of Korea Army military engineering school located in Jangseong, South Korea.	Republic of Korea Army Engineer School	South Korea
country	Sansui County (simplified Chinese: 三穗县; traditional Chinese: 三穗縣; pinyin: Sānsuì Xiàn) is a county in eastern Guizhou province, People's Republic of China, bordering Hunan province to the east.	Sansui County	People's Republic of China
country	Flow Festival (commonly known simply as Flow) is an urban music and arts festival in Helsinki, Finland.	Flow Festival	Finland
country	Chipani cha Pfuko (CCP) was a political party in Malawi led by Davis Katsonga.	Chipani cha Pfuko	Malawi
country	Sandvika Storsenter (``Sandvika shoppingmall'' or ``Sandvika S'') is a super-regional mall located in Sandvika outside of Oslo, Norway with 197 stores.	Sandvika Storsenter	Norway
country	Klichaw (Belarusian: Клічаў; Russian: Кличев) is a town in Mogilev Region, Eastern Belarus.	Klichaw	Belarus
country	Tajhat Palace, Tajhat Rajbari, is a historic palace of Bangladesh, located in Tajhat, Rangpur.	Tajhat Palace	Bangladesh
country	Mazraeh-ye Najafabad (Persian: مزرعه نجف اباد‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Najafābād) is a village in Bahman Rural District, in the Central District of Abadeh County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Najafabad	Iran
country	Solosolo is a village on the northeast coast of Upolu island in Samoa.	Solosolo	Samoa
country	The Old Quebec Street Mall is a shopping mall located on Wyndham Street North in downtown Guelph, Ontario, Canada.	Old Quebec Street Mall	Canada
country	Īvande Manor (Latvian: Īvandes muižas pils), also called Lielīvande Manor (German: Schloß Groß-Iwanden), is a manor house in Īvande parish in Kuldīga municipality in the historical region of Courland, in western Latvia.	Īvande Manor	Latvia
country	The Archaeological Museum of Florina is a museum in Florina in West Macedonia, Greece.	Archaeological Museum of Florina	Greece
country	Gościeszynek (ɡɔɕt͡ɕɛˈʂɨnɛk) is a Village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogowo, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Gościeszynek	Poland
country	Rosendals Trädgård is a garden open to the public situated on Djurgården, west of Rosendal Palace, in the central part of Stockholm, Sweden.	Rosendals Trädgård	Sweden
country	Modern Chinese Sign Language (or CSL or ZGS; simplified Chinese: 中国手语; traditional Chinese: 中國手語; pinyin: Zhōngguó Shǒuyǔ) is the deaf sign language of the People's Republic of China.	Chinese Sign Language	People's Republic of China
country	Nowdaran (Persian: نودران‎, also Romanized as Nowdarān) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Nowdaran	Iran
country	Qalagah (also Azerbaijani: Qələyə, Qalaya, Kalaga, and Kalagyakh) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan, situated 28 km to the south-west from the rayon centre, on the forepart of Ajinohur mountain.	Qalagah	Azerbaijan
country	Pont-Saint-Esprit (Occitan: Lo Pònt Sant Esperit) is a commune in the Gard département in southern France.	Pont-Saint-Esprit	France
country	The Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC, French: Conseil de la radiodiffusion et des télécommunications canadiennes) is a public organisation in Canada with mandate as a regulatory agency for broadcasting and telecommunications.	Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission	Canada
country	Artscape Theatre Centre (formerly Nico Malan Theatre Center) is the main performing arts centre in Cape Town, South Africa.	Artscape Theatre Centre	South Africa
country	Bowenpally or Bowinpally is a suburb in Secunderabad, India.	Bowenpally	India
country	Lagos Mainland is a local government area in the Lagos Division of Lagos State, Nigeria.	Lagos Mainland	Nigeria
country	Al-Masmiyah (Arabic: المسمية‎, also spelled Musmiyeh, Mesmiyeh, Mismiya and Musmeih) is a town in southern Syria, administratively part of the Daraa Governorate, located northeast of Daraa in the al-Sanamayn District.	Al-Masmiyah	Syria
country	Archbishop M.C. O'Neill High School is a Catholic secondary education institute located in the Coronation Park neighbourhood of north Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Archbishop M.C. O'Neill High School	Canada
country	Swabi Maniri is an administrative unit, known as Union council of Swabi District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Swabi Maniri	Pakistan
country	Mały Staw (1,183 m (3,881 ft), Polish for The Small Pond) is a natural lake of glacial origin in the Krkonoše mountains in western Poland.	Mały Staw	Poland
country	Kamensk-Uralsky (Russian: Ка́менск-Ура́льский) is a city in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia, located at the confluence of the Kamenka and Iset Rivers (Ob's basin).	Kamensk-Uralsky	Russia
country	Bimad (Persian: بيماد‎, also Romanized as Bīmād; also known as Bīmār) is a village in Shakhen Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bimad	Iran
country	Invicta International Airlines Ltd was a Charter Airline based at Manston Airport in the United Kingdom.	Invicta International Airlines	United Kingdom
country	Baudisson Island is an island of Papua New Guinea, located south of New Hanover Island and west of the northern part of New Ireland.	Baudisson Island	Papua New Guinea
country	The Rianbavy Falls is a waterfall in the region of Ihorombe in Madagascar.	Rianbavy Falls	Madagascar
country	Geraardsbergen is one of the oldest cities in Belgium.	Geraardsbergen	Belgium
country	The Bay of Pigs (Spanish: Bahía de Cochinos) is an inlet of the Gulf of Cazones located on the southern coast of Cuba.	Bay of Pigs	Cuba
country	Aram Nerow-e Pain (Persian: ارام نروپائين‎, also Romanized as Ārām Nerow-e Pā’īn; also known as Ārām Nerow) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Minudasht County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Aram Nerow-e Pain	Iran
country	Berzence (Slovene: Bistrica ) is a village in Somogy county, Hungary, where Somogy Slovenes still lives.	Berzence	Hungary
country	Vân Phong Bay is a scenic area in Khánh Hòa Province, Vietnam.	Vân Phong Bay	Vietnam
country	Hjerkinn Station (IATA: YVH) is a railway station located at Hjerkinn in Dovre, Norway.	Hjerkinn Station	Norway
country	Foundation 41 was a medical research organisation, principally investigating the causes of mental and physical handicap in babies, and was based at the Crown Street Women's Hospital, Sydney, Australia.	Foundation 41	Australia
country	The Tanezrouft (Arabic: تنزروفت‎) is a natural region located along the borders of Algeria, Niger and Mali, west of the Hoggar mountains.	Tanezrouft	Algeria	Niger	Mali
country	Beneixama photovoltaic power plant is a 20 MW photovoltaic power plant located in Beneixama, Spain.	Beneixama photovoltaic power plant	Spain
country	Radłów (ˈradwuf) is a town in Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Radłów	Poland
country	Mowtowr-e Hajji Qader Bakhsh (Persian: موتور حاجي قادربخش‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩājjī Qāder Bakhsh) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Hajji Qader Bakhsh	Iran
country	Gurmurik (Persian: گورموريك‎, also Romanized as Gūrmūrīk; also known as Gūrmūrī) is a village in Taftan-e Jonubi Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Gurmurik	Iran
country	Beh Bonak (Persian: به بنك‎, also Romanized as Behbanak) is a village in Lavij Rural District, Chamestan District, Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Beh Bonak	Iran
country	Ludynia (luˈdɨɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasocin, within Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Ludynia	Poland
country	The Ministry of Social and Family Development (Abbreviation: MSF; Malay: Kementerian Pembangunan Sosial dan Keluarga; Chinese: 社会及家庭发展部) is a ministry of the Government of Singapore focusing on nurturing resilient individuals, strong families and a caring society in Singapore.	Ministry of Social and Family Development	Singapore
country	Zandabad (Persian: زنداباد‎, also Romanized as Zandābād; also known as Zandava and Zandāwa; Azerbaijani: Zəndabad; formerly, Samadia (Azerbaijani: Səmədiyə)) is a village in Owch Hacha Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zandabad	Iran
country	Dosan Park is a park in the neighborhood of Sinsa-dong in Gangnam-gu, Seoul, South Korea.	Dosan Park	South Korea
country	The Lamu Archipelago is located in the Indian Ocean close to the northern coast of Kenya, to which it belongs.	Lamu Archipelago	Kenya
country	Kalati Bhumidanda is a town and municipality in Kabhrepalanchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal.	Kalati Bhumidanda	Nepal
country	Baurci-Moldoveni (formerly Români) is a commune in Cahul district, Moldova.	Baurci-Moldoveni	Moldova
country	Groningen (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɣroːnɪŋə(n)); Gronings: Grunnen; West Frisian: Grins) is the main municipality as well as the capital city of the eponymous province in the Netherlands.	Groningen	Netherlands
country	Zemlya Georga, or Prince George Land (Russian: Земля Георга, Zemlya Georga (``George Land'')), is an island located at 80°26′43``N 49°00′45''E. It is a part of Franz Josef Land, Russia.	Zemlya Georga	Russia
country	Mount Magnificent Conservation Park is a protected area in South Australia located in the Mount Lofty Ranges about 58 kilometres (36 mi) south of the centre of Adelaide.	Mount Magnificent Conservation Park	Australia
country	Tarar Khel (Urdu: ترار خیل ‎) (also spelled Tarar Khal, Tararkhel and Tararkhal) is a town and tourist attraction in Sudhanoti District of Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.	Tarar Khel	Pakistan
country	Kirkebygden is the administrative centre of Våler municipality, Østfold, Norway.	Kirkebygden	Norway
country	Kaboud-val waterfall ( Persian: آبشار کبودوال ) also transliterated Kaboud vâl, is a waterfall in Iran's Golestan province.	Kaboud-val	Iran
country	The Basilica of Our Mother of Mercy (Slovene: bazilika Matere Usmiljenja) is a Franciscan church in Maribor, Slovenia.	Basilica of Our Mother of Mercy	Slovenia
country	Barentsøya, sometimes anglicized as Barents Island, is an island in the Svalbard archipelago, Norway, lying between Edgeøya and Spitsbergen.	Barentsøya	Norway
country	Oued Djer is a Village and commune in Blida Province, Algeria.	Oued Djer	Algeria
country	Kiruddu General Hospital, also known as Kiruddu General Referral Hospital, is a hospital under construction in Uganda, the third-largest economy in the East African Community.	Kiruddu General Hospital	Uganda
country	Schildau is a small town in the district Nordsachsen, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.	Schildau	Germany
country	Aghlal is a commune in northwestern Algeria.	Aghlal	Algeria
country	Kalborn (Luxembourgish: Kaalber) is a village in the commune of Heinerscheid, in northern Luxembourg.	Kalborn	Luxembourg
country	Kielczany (kʲɛlˈt͡ʂanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Kielczany	Poland
country	The Mughan Soviet Republic was a short-lived pro-Bolshevik state that existed in present-day southeastern Azerbaijan from March to June 1919.	Mughan Soviet Republic	Azerbaijan
country	Kaliningrad City Hall is the seat of government in Kaliningrad, Russia.	Kaliningrad City Hall	Russia
country	The Catholic University of Rennes (Institut catholique de Rennes or ICR) is a Catholic university in Rennes, France.	Catholic University of Rennes	France
country	Nochixtlán District is located in the southeast of the Mixteca Region of the State of Oaxaca, Mexico.	Nochixtlán District	Mexico
country	Labuan Bajo is a fishing town located at the western end of Flores in the Nusa Tenggara region of east Indonesia.	Labuan Bajo	Indonesia
country	Detroj-Rampura is a taluka of Ahmedabad District, India.	Detroj-Rampura	India
country	The Swedish National Financial Management Authority (Swedish: Ekonomistyrningsverket) is a central administrative government agency in Sweden responsible for economic financial management, analyses and economic forecasting for central government agencies.	Swedish National Financial Management Authority	Sweden
country	Čateška Gora (in older sources also Čatežka Gora, German: Tschateschberg) is a settlement in the Municipality of Litija in central Slovenia.	Čateška Gora	Slovenia
country	Dambadeniya is a ruined ancient city situated in the North Western Province (Wayamba), Sri Lanka on the Kurunegala - Negombo road.	Dambadeniya	Sri Lanka
country	Az Zaimah (Arabic: الزيمة‎) is a small village between Mecca and Taif in Saudi Arabia, about 20 km northwest of Taif.	Az Zaimah	Saudi Arabia
country	Gol Shir (Persian: گل شير‎, also Romanized as Gol Shīr) is a village in Karvandar Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Gol Shir	Iran
country	Chuniespoort (recently Chuenespoort) is a mountain pass situated in the Limpopo Province, on the R37, the road between Polokwane and Lebowakgomo, South Africa.	Chuniespoort	South Africa
country	The São Francisco Church and Convent of Salvador (Portuguese: Convento e Igreja de São Francisco) is located in the historical centre of Salvador, in the State of Bahia, Brazil.	São Francisco Church and Convent	Brazil
country	Casais Robustos, Portugal, is located in the district of Santarém.	Casais Robustos	Portugal
country	Perumpilavu is a village is located in north of Kunnamkulam in Thrissur district in the state of Kerala in India.	Perumpilavu	India
country	Hwamyeong Station is a train station in northern Busan, South Korea.	Hwamyeong Station	South Korea
country	Mwaro is a city located in central Burundi.	Mwaro	Burundi
country	Halmstad Arena is a sports area in Halmstad, Sweden.	Halmstad Arena	Sweden
country	Kuhiabad (Persian: كوهي اباد‎, also Romanized as Kūhīābād) is a village in Kahir Rural District, in the Central District of Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kuhiabad	Iran
country	Moçarria is a parish in the municipality of Santarém, Portugal, with 12.11 km (8 mi) ² of area and 1072 inhabitants (2001).	Moçarria	Portugal
country	Jowkaran (Persian: جوكاران‎, also Romanized as Jowkārān; also known as Jokaran) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District, Kuhpayeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Jowkaran	Iran
country	In its current form the club was founded on 15 July 1950 as BSG Turbine Halle, BSG being the abbreviation for Betriebssportgemeinschaft, meaning ``company sports community,'' which was an organisational form of sports clubs in East Germany.	Turbine Halle	Germany
country	The Canadian Avalanche Association (CAA) is a non-profit organization that supports avalanche practitioners in Canada by organizing professional training courses, providing a system for information exchange and ensures that members meet the highest practise standards to secure confidence in their avalanche safety programs.	Canadian Avalanche Association	Canada
country	Zblewo (ˈzblɛvɔ) (German: Hochstüblau) is a village in Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Zblewo	Poland
country	Wola Studzieńska-Kolonia (ˈvɔla stuˈd͡ʑeɲska kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Batorz, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wola Studzieńska-Kolonia	Poland
country	Slough Borough Council is the local authority for the Borough of Slough, in the South East England Region of the United Kingdom.	Slough Borough Council	United Kingdom
country	Kaneshie is a suburb in the Accra Metropolitan district, a district of the Greater Accra Region of Ghana.	Kaneshie	Ghana
country	Großes Ochsenhorn (2,511m) is a mountain in Salzburg, Austria.	Großes Ochsenhorn	Austria
country	Estoher (Catalan: Estoer) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.	Estoher	France
country	Aragua River flows in Aragua State, Venezuela.	Aragua River	Venezuela
country	The Sheemahant River is a river in the Central Coast region of British Columbia, Canada, flowing generally west out of the Pacific Ranges into the head of Owikeno Lake.	Sheemahant River	Canada
country	Tyresövallen, previous known as Bollmoravallen, is a football stadium in Tyresö, Sweden.	Tyresövallen	Sweden
country	The Ward Hunt Ice Shelf is the largest ice shelf in the Arctic, located on the north coast of Ellesmere Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Ward Hunt Ice Shelf	Canada
country	Elvran Chapel (Norwegian: Elvran kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Stjørdal in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Elvran Chapel	Norway
country	Nasrovan (Persian: نصروان‎, also Romanized as Naşrovān, Nas̄ārvān, Naşravān, and Naşrevān) is a village in Nasrovan Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Nasrovan	Iran
country	Cadet College Ghotki is an educational institution from grade 7 to grade 12, in the northern province of Sindh in Pakistan in Mirpur Mathelo about 90 km from Sukkur.	Cadet College Ghotki	Pakistan
country	Dolenji Globodol (pronounced (dɔˈleːnji ˈɡloːbɔdɔu̯)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Mirna Peč in southeastern Slovenia.	Dolenji Globodol	Slovenia
country	Livinhac-le-Haut (from Latin Livinius, name of the Roman general who had a camp in (ac) the area) is a commune in the Aveyron department in southern France.	Livinhac-le-Haut	France
country	Salar Dul (Persian: سالاردول‎, also Romanized as Sālār Dūl, Sālār Del, and Salar Dool) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Salar Dul	Iran
country	The early history can be dated back to 5th century A.D. T.Kallupatti and Chinnakattalai are the few places in South India with Iron Age historical remains of copper and gold.	T.Kallupatti	India
country	The Deputy Darcy Castelo de Mendonça Bridge, colloquially known as the Third Bridge (Portuguese: Terceira Ponte), is the second tallest bridge in Brazil, connecting the cities of Vila Velha and Vitória in the state of Espirito Santo.	Third Bridge	Brazil
country	Ananuri (Georgian: ანანური ) is a castle complex on the Aragvi River in Georgia, about 45 miles (72 kilometres) from Tbilisi.	Ananuri	Georgia
country	Skoteini (Greek: Σκοτεινή) is a small mountain village 57 kilometres southwest of the town of Argos in the Peloponnese, southern Greece.	Skoteini	Greece
country	Palazzo Belloni Battagia (also spelled Palazzo Belloni Battaglia) is a palace on the Canal Grande, Venice, northern Italy.	Palazzo Belloni Battagia	Italy
country	Quảng Ngãi ( listen) is a city in central Vietnam.	Quảng Ngãi	Vietnam
country	Razom (укр. Разом) is a non-profit Ukrainian-American human rights organization established to support the people of Ukraine in their pursuit of a democratic society with dignity, justice, and human and civil rights for all.	Razom	Ukraine
country	Severomorsk (Russian: Северомо́рск) is a closed town in Murmansk Oblast, Russia, located on the coast of the Barents Sea along the Kola Bay 25 kilometers (16 mi) northeast of Murmansk, the administrative center of the oblast.	Severomorsk	Russia
country	Pikine is a city in the Pikine Department of the Dakar Region of Senegal.	Pikine	Senegal
country	Gbinti is a rural town in Dibia chiefdom , Port Loko District in the Northern Province of Sierra Leone.	Gbinti	Sierra Leone
country	Bezmoście (bɛzˈmɔɕt͡ɕɛ) (formerly German Ottoburg) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Resko, within Łobez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Bezmoście	Poland
country	Lučani (Serbian Cyrillic: Лучани) is a town and municipality located in central Serbia.	Lučani	Serbia
country	Kakkanad is a region in the city of Kochi, in the Kerala, India.	Kakkanad	India
country	Camp Cove Island is one of the uninhbited Canadian arctic islands in Kivalliq Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Camp Cove Island	Canada
country	Čereňany (Hungarian: Cserenye) is a village and municipality in Prievidza District in the Trenčín Region of western Slovakia.	Čereňany	Slovakia
country	Sindos (Greek: Σίνδος, Latin: Sindus) is a suburb of Thessaloniki, Greece.	Sindos	Greece
country	Manitoba College was a college that existed in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada from 1871 to 1967, when it became one of the University of Manitoba's founding colleges.	Manitoba College	Canada
country	Uniejów (uˈɲejuf) is a town in Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, Poland, with 2,960 inhabitants (2004).	Uniejów	Poland
country	Kapaleh Hasan (Persian: كپله حسن‎, also Romanized as Kapaleh Ḩasan; also known as Gīl Ḩasan, Kablasān, Kaplasan, and Kolbeh Ḩasan) is a village in Lahijan Rural District, in the Central District of Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kapaleh Hasan	Iran
country	Nacaome is the capital city of the Valle department of Honduras.	Nacaome	Honduras
country	Taromske (Ukrainian: Таромське) was an urban-type settlement (and constituent unit of its own settlement council) of the Leninskyi District (urban district) of the Dnipropetrovsk Municipality in southern Ukraine.	Taromske	Ukraine
country	Chulab (Persian: چولاب‎, also Romanized as Chūlāb and Choolab) is a village in Luleman Rural District, Kuchesfahan District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chulab	Iran
country	Barrois is a ``pays'' in the eastern part of France.	Barrois	France
country	Baqerabad-e Yek (Persian: باقر آباد1‎, also Romanized as Bāqerābād-e Yek; also known as Bāqerābād) is a village in Kavirat Rural District, Chatrud District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Baqerabad-e Yek	Iran
country	The Antigua Trades and Labour Union (ATLU) is a national Trade union of Antigua and Barbuda.	Antigua Trades and Labour Union	Antigua and Barbuda
country	Červeňany (Hungarian: Veres) is a village and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.	Červeňany	Slovakia
country	The Mumbwa Caves are an archeological site in Zambia.	Mumbwa Caves	Zambia
country	Trapeza, Crete is a Neolithic and Bronze Age settlement on the island of Crete in Greece.	Trapeza, Crete	Greece
country	Girnar, also known as Girinagar or Revatak Pravata, is a group of mountains in the Junagadh District of Gujarat, India, situated near Junagadh.	Girnar	India
country	The Etobicoke Civic Centre in the Eatonville neighbourhood of Toronto, Canada, once housed the municipal government of the former City of Etobicoke.	Etobicoke Civic Centre	Canada
country	New Eersterust (Nuwe Eersterus) is a township in northwestern Gauteng province, South Africa, about 39 km northwest of Pretoria.	Nuwe Eersterus	South Africa
country	Dolon Pass is a pass located between Songköl Too and Bayduluu Range of the Naryn Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Dolon Pass	Kyrgyzstan
country	Gumbihini is a community in Tamale Metropolitan District in the Northern Region of Ghana	Gumbihini	Ghana
country	Muggensturm is a municipality in the district of Rastatt in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.	Muggensturm	Germany
country	Addha is a town in Daska Tehsil, Sialkot District of the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Addha	Pakistan
country	Rzeszów (/ˈʒɛʃuːf/, Polish: (ˈʐɛʂuf); Ukrainian: Ряшiв, Rjashiv; German: Resche (antiquated), Latin: Resovia; Yiddish: ריישע‎, rayshe) is the biggest city in southeastern Poland, with a population of 184,493 in 2014.	Rzeszów	Poland
country	Strzelęcin (stʂɛˈlɛnt͡ɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodzież, within Chodzież County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Strzelęcin	Poland
country	KAECHS (Karachi Administration Employees Co-operative Housing Society) (Urdu: کے اے سی ایچ ایس ‎) is a suburb of Jamshed Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	KAECHS	Pakistan
country	Nesher (Hebrew: נֶשֶׁר) is a city in the Haifa District of Israel.	Nesher	Israel
country	Harbang is a village in Chakaria Upazila, Cox's Bazar District in the Chittagong Division in Bangladesh.	Harbang	Bangladesh
country	Bat Hadar (Hebrew: בַּת הָדָר, lit. Daughter of Citrus) is a communal settlement in southern Israel.	Bat Hadar	Israel
country	Kottaipattinam also kottaippattinam (Tamil:கோட்டைபட்டினம்) is a small town in the Pudukkottai District of Tamil Nadu, India.	Kottaipattinam	India
country	The Cedars of God (Arabic: أرز الربّ‎ Horsh Arz el-Rab ``Cedars of the Lord'') is one of the last vestiges of the extensive forests of the Cedars of Lebanon (Cedrus libani ) that thrived across Mount Lebanon in ancient times.	Cedars of God	Lebanon
country	Benešov u Prahy is a railway station located in Benešov, Czech Republic.	Benešov u Prahy	Czech Republic
country	Llano de Piedra is a town and corregimiento in Macaracas District, Los Santos Province, Panama with a population of 1,737 as of 2010.	Llano de Piedra	Panama
country	Bruce Park Scenic Reserve is located near Hunterville in the Rangitikei District of the North Island of New Zealand.	Bruce Park Scenic Reserve	New Zealand
country	Margown (Persian: مارگون‎; also Romanized as Mārgown and Māregūn; also known as Mārjān and Mārkān) is a city in and the capital of Margown District, in Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Margown	Iran
country	Seven Church monastery complex (Azerbaijani: Yeddi Kilsə monastır kompleksi) - is one of the oldest Christian monasteries in Azerbaijan and in Caucasus, and is an Caucasian Albanian Apostolic monastery located near the village of Ləkit Kötüklü in the Qakh Rayon of the Azerbaijan republic.	Seven Church monastery complex	Azerbaijan
country	Farum Rectory is a listed rectory located adjacent to the graveyard surrounding Farum Church in the old, western part of Farum, Denmark.	Farum Rectory	Denmark
country	Koivukylä railway station (Finnish: Koivukylän rautatieasema; Swedish: Björkby station) is a Helsinki commuter rail station located in the district of Koivukylä in the city of Vantaa, Finland.	Koivukylä railway station	Finland
country	Tolsti Vrh pri Mislinji (pronounced (ˈtoːu̯sti ˈʋəɾx pɾi miˈsliːnji)) is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Mislinja in northern Slovenia.	Tolsti Vrh pri Mislinji	Slovenia
country	Museum Fodor (Dutch pronunciation: (myˈzeːjʏm ˈfoːdɔr)) is a former art museum in Amsterdam in the Netherlands.	Museum Fodor	Netherlands
country	Didwana (Rajasthani: डीडवाना) is a town in Nagaur district of Rajasthan in India, in the Thar Desert.	Didwana	India
country	Morestel is a commune in the Isère department in south-eastern France.	Morestel	France
country	Taipei Songshan Airport (IATA: TSA, ICAO: RCSS) (Chinese: 台北松山機場; pinyin: Táiběi Sōngshān Jīchǎng) is a mid-size commercial airport and military airbase located in Songshan, Taipei, Taiwan.	Taipei Songshan Airport	Taiwan
country	Cunkovci (pronounced (ˈtsuːŋkɔu̯tsi)) is a small village east of Ptuj in northeastern Slovenia.	Cunkovci	Slovenia
country	Patea (/paːˈtɛə/) is the third-largest town in South Taranaki, New Zealand.	Patea	New Zealand
country	The residents of the Tameside are represented in the United Kingdom Parliament by Members of Parliament (MPs) for three separate parliamentary constituencies.	Tameside	United Kingdom
country	Chavan Bagh (Persian: چوان باغ‎, also Romanized as Chavān Bāgh; also known as Chavān) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chavan Bagh	Iran
country	Tolombeh-ye Ashayiri Damdari (Persian: تلمبه عشايري دامداري‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye ʿAshāyīrī Dāmdārī) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Ashayiri Damdari	Iran
country	Kottayam railway station is located in Kottayam, Kerala state, India.	Kottayam railway station	India
country	Noosa Christian College is a co-educational primary and secondary college, located in Cooroy, near Noosa, Queensland, Australia.	Noosa Christian College	Australia
country	Antonio Maceo Airport (IATA: SCU, ICAO: MUCU) is an international airport located in Santiago, Cuba.	Antonio Maceo Airport	Cuba
country	Wigry National Park (Polish: Wigierski Park Narodowy) is a National Park in Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.	Wigry National Park	Poland
country	Máximo Gómez Airport (IATA: AVI, ICAO: MUCA) is a regional airport in the Ciego de Ávila Province of Cuba which serves the city of Ciego de Ávila.	Máximo Gómez Airport	Cuba
country	Fort Vieux Logis was a small British frontier fort built at present-day Hortonville, Nova Scotia, Canada (formerly part of Grand Pre) in 1749, during Father Le Loutre's War (1749).	Fort Vieux Logis	Canada
country	Yesagyo Township (Yaesagyo Township) is a township of Magway District in the Magway Region of central Burma (Myanmar).	Yesagyo Township	Myanmar
country	The Gwangjin Bridge crosses the Han River in South Korea and connects the districts of Gwangjin-gu and Gangdong-gu.	Gwangjin Bridge	South Korea
country	The Rainbow Street (Arabic: شارع الرينبو), originally named Abu Bakr al Siddiq street, is a public space in the historic area of Jabal Amman, near the center of downtown Amman, Jordan.	Rainbow Street	Jordan
country	Badbar (Persian: بادبر‎, also Romanized as Bādbar and Bādbār; also known as Bādvar and Bādvra) is a village in Mazayjan Rural District, in the Central District of Bavanat County, Fars Province, Iran.	Badbar	Iran
country	Q'asa Pata (Quechua q'asa mountain pass, pata step, bank of a river, ``mountain pass step'' or ``mountain pass bank'', also spelled Ccasapata, Qasa Pata) is an archaeological site in Peru.	Q'asa Pata	Peru
country	Forrest Airport (IATA: FOS, ICAO: YFRT) is an airport located in the tiny hamlet of Forrest, Western Australia.	Forrest Airport	Australia
country	Norddeutscher Regatta Verein (NRV), approx. meaning ``North German Regatta Club'', is one of the oldest and with some 2,000 members one of the largest yacht clubs in Germany.	Norddeutscher Regatta Verein	Germany
country	Rožmitál pod Třemšínem (German: Rosenthal) is a town in the Czech Republic.	Rožmitál pod Třemšínem	Czech Republic
country	The Northern Sierra Madre Natural Park is the largest protected area of the Philippines covering the northern range of the Sierra Madre mountains of eastern Luzon.	Northern Sierra Madre Natural Park	Philippines
country	Pitalito is a Colombian town and municipality located to the south of the Department of Huila, Colombia over the Valley of the Rio Grande de la Magdalena, 180 km from its capital Neiva.	Pitalito	Colombia
country	South Edmonton Common is Canada's largest retail power centre, and when fully developed, it will spread over 320 acres (130 ha) and contain some 2,300,000 square feet (210,000 m2) of retail space, making it the largest open-air retail development in North America.	South Edmonton Common	Canada
country	Deh Kohneh-e Dowbalutan (Persian: ده كهنه دوبلوطان‎, also Romanized as Deh Kohneh-e Dowbalūṭān) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District, Golgir District, Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Deh Kohneh-e Dowbalutan	Iran
country	Qassabali Sara (Persian: قصابعلي سرا‎, also Romanized as Qaşşāb``alī Sarā) is a village in Lulaman Rural District, in the Central District of Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 347, in 91 families.	Qassabali Sara	Iran
country	The National Chemical Laboratory (NCL) is an Indian government laboratory based in Pune, in western India.	National Chemical Laboratory	India
country	Gamsberg Nature Reserve is a protected reserve of Namibia, located west of Rehoboth.	Gamsberg Nature Reserve	Namibia
country	Miandeh-ye Pain (Persian: ميانده پائين‎, also Romanized as Mīāndeh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Asalem Rural District, Asalem District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Miandeh-ye Pain	Iran
country	Stilfontein (Afrikaans for quiet spring) is a mining town with 17,942 inhabitants, situated between Klerksdorp and Potchefstroom in North West Province of South Africa.	Stilfontein	South Africa
country	Nørresundby is a city in Aalborg Municipality, north of Limfjorden, in Vendsyssel, in Denmark.	Nørresundby	Denmark
country	O'Reilly Island is an uninhabited island in Nunavut Territory, Canada.	O'Reilly Island	Canada
country	Gan HaShlosha National Park (Hebrew: גן השלושה‎, literally: ``Park of the three''), also known by its Arabic name Sahne (Arabic: الساخنة‎, literally: ``The hot (pool)''), is a national park in Israel.	Gan HaShlosha National Park	Israel
country	FK Pelister (Macedonian: ФК Пeлистер) is a football club based in the city of Bitola, Republic of Macedonia.	FK Pelister	Macedonia
country	Roszki-Sączki (ˈrɔʂki ˈsɔnt͡ʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Roszki-Sączki	Poland
country	San José de Mayo (Spanish pronunciation: (saŋ xoˈse ðe ˈmaʝo)) is the capital city of the San José Department in southern Uruguay.	San José de Mayo	Uruguay
country	Located 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) west of Rosthern, Saskatchewan, Canada, on Highway 312, the Eigenheim Mennonite Church has been a local landmark since 1896, when the first Mennonite Church structure in Saskatchewan was completed on the current site.	Eigenheim Mennonite Church	Canada
country	Dəstə (also, Dosti, Dasta, Dastak) is a village and the most populous municipality, after the capital Ordubad, in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan.	Dəstə	Azerbaijan
country	Mehmanak (Persian: مهمانك‎, also Romanized as Mehmānak) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mehmanak	Iran
country	Domeabra is a small town in the Nkoranza North district, a district in the Western Region of Ghana.	Domeabra	Ghana
country	Brudzewice-Kolonia (brud͡zɛˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Brudzewice-Kolonia	Poland
country	Sabandan (Persian: سابندان‎, also Romanized as Sānbadān; also known as Sūneh Verdī) is a village in Zhan Rural District, in the Central District of Dorud County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sabandan	Iran
country	Roșia Montană Project is a gold and silver mining project initiated by Roșia Montană Gold Corporation in Roşia Montană, Romania.	Roșia Montană Project	Romania
country	Yuxarı Daşkəsən (also, Verin-Karagat or Verkhniy Dashkesan) is a village and municipality in the Dashkasan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Yuxarı Daşkəsən	Azerbaijan
country	Fifinda is a small town in the South Region of south-western Cameroon.	Fifinda	Cameroon
country	Sângeorz-Băi (also spelled Sîngeorz-Băi, Romanian pronunciation: (sɨnˈd͡ʒe̯orz bəj); Hungarian: Oláhszentgyörgy; German: Sankt Georgen) is a well-known spa resort and town in the beautiful mountain region of Bistriţa-Năsăud County in Transylvania, Romania.	Sângeorz-Băi	Romania
country	Gerdeh Qol (Persian: گرده قل‎; also known as Gerdeh Qūl) is a village in Mokriyan-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gerdeh Qol	Iran
country	Koziki-Olszyny (kɔˈʑiki ɔlˈʂɨnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Koziki-Olszyny	Poland
country	Tucapel is a town and commune in the Arauco Province, Bío Bío Region, Chile.	Tucapel	Chile
country	Västanfors is a district (stadsdel) of Fagersta and is located in Fagersta Municipality, Sweden.	Västanfors	Sweden
country	Zbarazh Raion (Ukrainian: Збаразький район) is a subdivision known as a raion in the Ternopil Oblast of Ukraine.	Zbarazh Raion	Ukraine
country	Valdian (Persian: ولديان‎, also Romanized as Valdīān, Valadiyan, Valdeyān, and Valdīyān) is a village in Valdian Rural District, Ivughli District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Valdian	Iran
country	Melbourne Vicentre is a swimming club based at the Melbourne Sports and Aquatic Centre (MSAC), Melbourne, Australia.	Melbourne Vicentre	Australia
country	Lahijan County (Persian: شهرستان لاهیجان‎) is a county in Gilan Province in Iran.	Lahijan County	Iran
country	Polígono Industrial Cortijo Real is an industrial estate in the southwestern suburbs of Algeciras, southeastern Spain.	Polígono Industrial Cortijo Real	Spain
country	Sela pri Dolenjskih Toplicah (pronounced (ˈseːla pɾi dɔˈleːnskix tɔˈpliːtsax)) is a village southwest of Dolenjske Toplice in the historical region of Lower Carniola in Slovenia.	Sela pri Dolenjskih Toplicah	Slovenia
country	Gryfice ((ɡrɨˈfʲit͡sɛ); Kashubian: Grëfice), formerly known by its German name Greifenberg, is a town in Pomerania, north-western Poland with 16 632 inhabitants (2008).	Gryfice	Poland
country	The Tuscan Sun Festival is an annual music and lifestyle festival in Florence, the capital of Tuscany in Italy.	Tuscan Sun Festival	Italy
country	Khandu Goth (Urdu: کھنڈو گوٹھ ‎) is one of the neighbourhoods of North Nazimabad Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Khandu Goth	Pakistan
country	Deir Ali (Arabic: دير علي‎) is a small town in southern Syria, administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate.	Deir Ali	Syria
country	Aygedzor (Armenian: Այգեձոր;) is a town in the Tavush province of Armenia.	Aygedzor	Armenia
country	Le Vendôme Beirut Hotel, formerly Le Vendôme Intercontinental Hotel is a five-star luxury hotel in Beirut, Lebanon.	Le Vendôme Beirut Hotel	Lebanon
country	Hobardzi (Armenian: Հոբարձի), is a village (rural community) in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Hobardzi	Armenia
country	Jayawijaya Regency is one of the regencies (kabupaten) in Papua province, Indonesia.	Jayawijaya Regency	Indonesia
country	Londonderry Cow Market railway station served Derry, County Londonderry in Northern Ireland.	Londonderry Cow Market railway station	Ireland
country	Selačka (Serbian: Селачка) is a village in the municipality of Zaječar, Serbia.	Selačka	Serbia
country	Strukovci (Hungarian: Sűrűház) is a settlement in the Municipality of Puconci in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.	Strukovci	Slovenia
country	The Oparara Basin Arches are a number of natural limestone tunnels formed by the Oparara River, in the Oparara Basin, New Zealand.	Oparara Basin Arches	New Zealand
country	Glinë (Greek: Γλύνα, Glyna) is a settlement in the former Dropull i Poshtëm municipality, Gjirokastër County, southern Albania.	Glinë	Albania
country	Toujane (Arabic: توجان‎) is a Berber mountain village in southern Tunisia, near Medenine, divided into two parts by a valley.	Toujane	Tunisia
country	Tromsø Airport, Skattøra (Norwegian: Tromsø sjøflyhavn, Skattøra), also known by its military designation Skattøra Naval Air Station (Norwegian: Skattøra sjøflystasjon, German: Seefliegerhorst Tromsö) was a water aerodrome and air base situated at Skattøra in Tromsø, Norway.	Tromsø Airport, Skattøra	Norway
country	Bedwell Harbour Water Aerodrome, (IATA: YBW, TC LID: CAB3), is located on Bedwell Harbour, British Columbia, Canada, in the southern part of Pender Island in the Gulf Islands.	Bedwell Harbour Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Rotorua (/ˌroʊtəˈruːə, -toʊ-/, from Māori: Te Rotorua-nui-a-Kahumatamomoe, ``The second great lake of Kahumatamomoe'') is a city on the southern shores of the lake of the same name, in the Bay of Plenty Region of New Zealand's North Island.	Rotorua	New Zealand
country	The Château de Billy is a ruined 13th -- 14th century castle in the town of Billy in the Allier département of France.	Château de Billy	France
country	Asterousia (Greek: Αστερούσια) is a former municipality in the Heraklion regional unit, Crete, Greece.	Asterousia	Greece
country	Estil (Persian: اسطل‎, also Romanized as Estīl; also known as Darreh Estīl and Darreh-ye Estīl) is a village in Qaleh Tall Rural District, in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Estil	Iran
country	K'usilluni (Aymara k'usillu monkey, -ni a suffix to indicate ownership, ``the one with a monkey (or monkeys)'', also spelled Kusilluni) is a mountain in the eastern extensions of the Apolobamba mountain range in Bolivia, about 4,600 metres (15,092 ft) high.	K'usilluni	Bolivia
country	Mecsek (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈmɛtʃɛk); Croatian: Meček, Serbian: Meček or Мечек; German Metscheck) is a mountain range in southern Hungary.	Mecsek	Hungary
country	The Zillertal Arena is a winter sports area and the largest ski area in the Zillertal valley in Austria.	Zillertal Arena	Austria
country	Szymbory (ʂɨmˈbɔrɨ) (German: Schönborn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godkowo, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Szymbory	Poland
country	Dugheshk (Persian: دوغشك‎, also Romanized as Dūgheshk; also known as Dūghesnak) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Dugheshk	Iran
country	The Aiguille de Borderan (2,492 m) is a mountain in the Aravis Massif in Savoie and Haute-Savoie, France.	Aiguille de Borderan	France
country	Dobre Miasto (ˈdɔbrɛ ˈmʲastɔ) (German: Guttstadt ) is a town in Poland, in Olsztyn County in the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship.	Dobre Miasto	Poland
country	Oberkochen is a town (officially a city, despite its size) in the Ostalbkreis, in Baden-Württemberg, in Germany, central Europe.	Oberkochen	Germany
country	Dalgopol (Bulgarian: Дългопол, pronounced (dəlɡuˈpɔl); also transliterated Dǎlgopol) is a town in northeastern Bulgaria, part of Varna Province.	Dalgopol	Bulgaria
country	Siega Verde (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈsjeɣa ˈβeɾðe)) is an archaeological site in the municipality of Villar de la Yegua, in the province of Salamanca, Spain.	Siega Verde	Spain
country	Učakovci (pronounced (utʃaˈkoːu̯tsi); German: Utschakouz) is a settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River southwest of Vinica in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Učakovci	Slovenia
country	The Saint Eulália Church (Portuguese: Igreja de Santa Eulália ) is a Romanesque Portuguese church in Tenões, Braga, Portugal, near Bom Jesus.	Saint Eulália Church	Portugal
country	Pablo Sexto Canton is a canton of Ecuador, located in the Morona-Santiago Province.	Pablo Sexto Canton	Ecuador
country	Seaway District High School is a small, rural secondary school in Iroquois, Ontario, Canada, a community within the township of South Dundas.	Seaway District High School	Canada
country	The Langlaufzentrum Silberhütte is a cross-country skiing centre in the northern part of the Upper Palatine Forest in Germany and belongs to the town of Bärnau and district of Tirschenreuth.	Langlaufzentrum Silberhütte	Germany
country	Lordehytta (Lord Hut) is a stone mountain hut on Folarskardet in Hallingskarvet in Norway.	Lordehytta	Norway
country	The Georgia Depression is a landform in the Pacific Northwest, part of the Insular Mountain System of the North American Cordillera in British Columbia, Canada, and in Washington, United States.	Georgia Depression	Canada
country	The Grotta Bianca (``white cave'') is located on the island of Capri, Italy.	Grotta Bianca	Italy
country	The Zhenjiang South Railway Station (Chinese: 镇江南站) is a high-speed railway station in Zhenjiang, Jiangsu, People's Republic of China.	Zhenjiang South Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	Nueva Helvecia (formerly known as Colonia Suiza) is 120 kilometres west of Montevideo, the capital and largest city of Uruguay.	Nueva Helvecia	Uruguay
country	Karbinci (Macedonian: Карбинци ) is a village in Republic of Macedonia.	Karbinci	Macedonia
country	Gunnedah Airport (IATA: GUH, ICAO: YGDH) is a small airport located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) north of Gunnedah, New South Wales, Australia.	Gunnedah Airport	Australia
country	Ściborów (ɕt͡ɕiˈbɔruf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny, within Brzeziny County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Ściborów	Poland
country	The Münden Tunnel (German: Mündener Tunnel) is a railway tunnel on the Hanover-Würzburg high-speed rail line in Germany.	Münden Tunnel	Germany
country	The Catholic Register is the oldest English language Catholic weekly newspaper in Canada, launched in 1893 (and tracing its roots to The Catholic, 1830).	The Catholic Register	Canada
country	Keselo (Georgian: კესელო) is a small medieval fortress just above the village of Omalo in Tusheti (historic geographic area in eastern Georgia).	Keselo	Georgia
country	Palace of Youth and Sports (Albanian: Pallati i Rinise dhe Sporteve, formerly named ``Boro and Ramiz'') is a multi-purpose hall located in Pristina, Kosovo.	Palace of Youth and Sports	Kosovo
country	Coronet Peak is a commercial skifield in Queenstown, New Zealand located seven kilometres west of Arrowtown, on the southern slopes of the 1,649 metre peak which shares its name.	Coronet Peak	New Zealand
country	Nagyhódos is a small village in Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg county, in the Northern Great Plain region of eastern Hungary.	Nagyhódos	Hungary
country	Tatasi is a small location in Bolivia in the Potosí Department, Sud Chichas Province, Atocha Municipality.	Tatasi	Bolivia
country	Zabruzdy-Kolonia (zaˈbruzdɨ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastków Kościelny, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Zabruzdy-Kolonia	Poland
country	Ab Nai (Persian: ابناي‎, also Romanized as Āb Nā’ī) is a village in Kiskan Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ab Nai	Iran
country	Kfar Monash (Hebrew: כְּפַר מוֹנַשׁ, lit. Monash Village) is a moshav in central Israel.	Kfar Monash	Israel
country	Bawit (French: Baouît) is an archaeological site located 80 kilometres (50 mi) north of Asyut, near the village of Dashlout, in Egypt.	Bawit	Egypt
country	Kanjuce (pronounced (kaˈnjuːtsɛ)) is a settlement in the hills south of Svetina in the Municipality of Štore in eastern Slovenia.	Kanjuce	Slovenia
country	Pijanów (piˈjanuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Pijanów	Poland
country	The Sinai Peninsula or simply Sinai (/ˈsaɪnaɪ/; Arabic: سيناء‎ Sīnāʼ ; Egyptian Arabic: سينا Sīna, IPA: (ˈsiːnæ); Hebrew: סיני‎ Sinai) is a triangular peninsula in Egypt about 60,000 km2 (23,000 sq mi) in area.	Sinai Peninsula	Egypt
country	Borj-e Zeydanlu (Persian: برج زيدانلو‎, also Romanized as Borj-e Zeydānlū; also known as Borj and Zeydānlū) is a village in Quchan Atiq Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Borj-e Zeydanlu	Iran
country	Sirgah (Persian: سيرگاه‎, also Romanized as Sīrgāh) is a village in Birun Bashm Rural District, Kelardasht District, Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sirgah	Iran
country	Gowd-e Konardan (Persian: گودكناردان‎, also Romanized as Gowd-e Konārdān, Gowd-e Kenārdān, and Gowd Kenar Dan; also known as Kenardan, Konārdān, Kunardūn, and Kūnerdān) is a village in Mehregan Rural District, in the Central District of Parsian County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Gowd-e Konardan	Iran
country	Trevenning is a hamlet south of Michaelstow, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Trevenning	United Kingdom
country	Incheh-ye Said Nezam (Persian: اينچه سعيدنظام‎, also Romanized as Īncheh-ye Sa``īd Nez̧ām) is a village in Qezel Gechilu Rural District, in the Central District of Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 133, in 32 families.	Incheh-ye Said Nezam	Iran
country	Lielstraupe Castle (Latvian: Lielstraupes pils; German: Schloss Gross-Roop) is a castle in the historical region of Vidzeme, in northern Latvia.	Lielstraupe Castle	Latvia
country	Tresonče (Macedonian: Тресонче (ˈtrɛsɔnt͡ʃɛ)) is a mountainous village located in the Mavrovo and Rostuša Municipality in western R. Macedonia.	Tresonče	Macedonia
country	Piergozy (pʲɛrˈɡɔzɨ) (German: Perguschen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Piergozy	Poland
country	Luua (until 1920: Ludenhof) is a village in Palamuse Parish, Jõgeva County in eastern Estonia.	Luua	Estonia
country	Campo de Mirra (Spanish IPA: (ˈkampo ðe ˈmira)) or El Camp de Mirra (Valencian IPA: (eɫ kamp de ˈmira)) is a municipality in the comarca of Alt Vinalopó in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Campo de Mirra	Spain
country	Zakros (Greek: Ζάκρος) is a site on the eastern coast of the island of Crete, Greece, containing ruins from the Minoan civilization.	Zakros	Greece
country	Yue Hwa Building (Chinese: 裕华大厦; pinyin: Yùhuá dàshà) is a historic building located at the junction of Eu Tong Sen Street and Upper Cross Street in Chinatown, Singapore.	Yue Hwa Building	Singapore
country	Seetharampoor also called Madharam (according to Grampanchayat) is one of the villages of Parkal Mandal of Warangal District, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Seetharampoor	India
country	The Cookes Creek mine is a large open pit mine located in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.	Cookes Creek mine	Australia
country	Madhupur Shahid Smrity Higher Secondary School (Bengali: মধুপুর শহীদ স্মৃতি উচ্চ মাধ্যমিক বিদ্যালয় ), also known as Madhupur Shahid Smrity School & College is a non-government educational institution in Madhupur Upazila, Tangail, Dhaka, Bangladesh established in 1972.	Madhupur Shahid Smrity Higher Secondary School	Bangladesh
country	Sharmeh Kola (Persian: شرمه كلا‎, also Romanized as Sharmeh Kolā) is a village in Khoshk Rud Rural District, Rudbast District, Babolsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sharmeh Kola	Iran
country	Kulizeh Jaber (Persian: كوليزه جابر‎, also Romanized as Kūlīzeh Jāber) is a village in Jastun Shah Rural District, Hati District, Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kulizeh Jaber	Iran
country	The Huzenbacher See (``Lake Huzenbach'') is a tarn in the Northern Black Forest in southwestern Germany.	Huzenbacher See	Germany
country	Pobiti Kamani (Bulgarian: Побити камъни), also known as The Stone Desert, is a desert-like rock phenomenon located on the north west Varna Province border in Bulgaria.	Pobiti Kamani	Bulgaria
country	Nordmannsjøkelen is a glacier in the municipalities of Alta and Hammerfest in Finnmark, Norway.	Nordmannsjøkelen	Norway
country	Tabubil Airport (IATA: TBG, ICAO: AYTB) is an international airport in Tabubil, Papua New Guinea (IATA: TBG, ICAO: AYTB).	Tabubil Airport	Papua New Guinea
country	Phra Prathon Chedi (Thai: พระประโทณเจดีย์) is one of the oldest stupas in Thailand with the height of 50 metres (164 ft).	Phra Prathon Chedi	Thailand
country	Gawaan (Somali: Gawaan Dheere) is a populated place in the north-central Mudug region of Somalia.	Gawaan	Somalia
country	Haripura is a village located near Kadod town in the Surat district of Gujarat, India.	Haripura	India
country	Lopinot Cave is a large cave in the Lopinot Valley in the Northern Range of Trinidad and Tobago.	Lopinot Cave	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Vrhbarje (Serbian: Врхбарје) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vrhbarje	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Eidanger is a rural parish and former municipality of Porsgrunn, in Telemark County, Norway.	Eidanger	Norway
country	Tepanjski Vrh (pronounced (ˈteːpanski ˈvəɾx)) is a settlement west of Tepanje in the Municipality of Slovenske Konjice in eastern Slovenia.	Tepanjski Vrh	Slovenia
country	Lūznava (formerly Dlužņeva, Glužņeva) is a village located approximately 230 kilometers from Riga and is the central location of Lūznava parish, Rēzekne municipality, Latvia.	Lūznava	Latvia
country	Cannobio is a town and comune on Lago Maggiore in Piedmont, Italy.	Cannobio	Italy
country	Madunda is a small settlement in the Ludewa District, Iringa region, Tanzania.	Madunda	Tanzania
country	Skierdy (ˈskʲɛrdɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna, within Legionowo County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Skierdy	Poland
country	The Border Watch is an Australian newspaper based in Mount Gambier, South Australia, owned by the Scott Group of Companies.	The Border Watch	Australia
country	Sun Peaks Resort is an alpine ski resort located in Sun Peaks, British Columbia, Canada, 50 km northeast of Kamloops, British Columbia, Canada.	Sun Peaks Resort	Canada
country	Pilchów (ˈpilxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaleszany, within Stalowa Wola County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Pilchów	Poland
country	Genanly (also, Geynanly) is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Genanly	Azerbaijan
country	The Infiernillo Dam (``Little hell''), also known as Adolfo López Mateos Dam, is an embankment dam on the Balsas River near La Unión, Guerrero, Mexico.	Infiernillo Dam	Mexico
country	Solarte Island (in Spanish: Isla Solarte), also known as Nancy's Cay, (in Spanish: Cayo Nancy) is an 8 km2 island located only 1 mile east of Bocas del Toro, in the Bocas del Toro Province, Panama.	Solarte Island	Panama
country	Balen-Keiheuvel Aerodrome (ICAO: EBKH) is a public general aviation airfield located in Keiheuvel-Balen, a municipality of Belgium.	Balen-Keiheuvel Aerodrome	Belgium
country	Clube Nacional de Benguela, founded on June 24, 1920, as Sports Clube Portugal de Benguela or simply Portugal de Benguela, is a sports club from Benguela, Angola.	Clube Nacional de Benguela	Angola
country	Bolshoy Nimnyr (Russian: Большой Нимныр) is a rural locality (a selo) under the administrative jurisdiction of the Town of Aldan in Aldansky District of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 75 kilometers (47 mi) from Aldan.	Bolshoy Nimnyr	Russia
country	Mysen is the administrative center of the municipality of Eidsberg in the county of Østfold in Norway.	Mysen	Norway
country	Istanbul Samandıra Army Air Base, (Turkish: İstanbul Samandıra Kara Hava Üssü) (ICAO: LTBX) is a military airport of the Turkish Army located in Kartal district of Istanbul, Turkey.	Istanbul Samandıra Army Air Base	Turkey
country	Opale (pronounced (ˈoːpalɛ)) is a small settlement in the hills southeast of Žiri in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Opale	Slovenia
country	Dimovo Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Димово) is a municipality (obshtina) in Vidin Province, Northwestern Bulgaria, located along the right bank of Danube river in the Danubian Plain.	Dimovo Municipality	Bulgaria
country	Neshar-ye Do (Persian: نشاردو‎, also Romanized as Neshār-ye Do; also known as Neshāreh and Neshāreh-ye Do) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, Shadravan District, Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Neshar-ye Do	Iran
country	TER Poitou-Charentes is the regional rail network serving the Poitou-Charentes région in France.	TER Poitou-Charentes	France
country	Bocognano (in Corsican Bucugnà, pronounced (bu.ku.ɲa)) is a commune located in the department of Corse-du-Sud, on the island of Corsica, France.	Bocognano	France
country	Al `Adhbah is a settlement in Qatar, located in the municipality of Ash Shamal.	Al `Adhbah	Qatar
country	Kunu-dong (Kunuri) is a village located in South Pyongan Province, North Korea.	Kunu-dong	North Korea
country	Öpartiet (English: The Island Party) is a local political party active in Ekerö kommun in Sweden.	Öpartiet	Sweden
country	Menahemia (Hebrew: מְנַחֶמְיָה) is a village in the Jordan Valley in north-eastern Israel.	Menahemia	Israel
country	El Molino River (Rio El Molino) is the name of two medium streams in El Salvador.	El Molino River	El Salvador
country	Pinehouse Lake is a lake in northern Saskatchewan, Canada.	Pinehouse Lake	Canada
country	Miskan Island (Arabic: مسكان‎)is a small, uninhabited island in the Persian Gulf off Kuwait.	Miskan Island	Kuwait
country	Pamir University (Pashto: د پامیر پوهنتون‎) is a private higher education institute which was officially inaugurated on April 24, 2011 in the city of Khost, Khost Province, Afghanistan.	Pamir University	Afghanistan
country	Bystrzyna (bɨsˈtʂɨna) (German Beustrin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdwin, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Bystrzyna	Poland
country	Tuyajto Lake is a salt lake located in the Altiplano of the Antofagasta Region, northern Chile.	Tuyajto Lake	Chile
country	Morley bus station is a Transperth bus station located next to the Galleria Shopping Centre in Morley, Western Australia.	Morley bus station	Australia
country	The Sagrestia Vecchia, or Old Sacristy, is a Christian building in Florence, Italy, one of the most important monuments of the early Italian Renaissance architecture.	Sagrestia Vecchia	Italy
country	Plekhanovo Airport (ICAO: USTL) is an airport in Tyumen Oblast, Russia located 4 km west of Tyumen.	Plekhanovo Airport	Russia
country	Erikstad is a small village in the Mellerud Municipality in Västra Götalands län in Sweden.	Erikstad	Sweden
country	Radio Hauraki is a New Zealand alternative leaning rock station.	Radio Hauraki	New Zealand
country	Chronów-Kolonia Dolna (ˈxrɔnuf kɔˈlɔɲa ˈdɔlna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orońsko, within Szydłowiec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Chronów-Kolonia Dolna	Poland
country	Dugi Otok (pronounced (dûɡiː ǒtok); Croatian for ``Long Island'', Italian: Isola Lunga) is the seventh largest island in the Adriatic Sea, part of Croatia.	Dugi Otok	Croatia
country	The Fortifications of Metz, a city in northeastern France, are extensive, due to the city's strategic position near the border of France and Germany.	Fortifications of Metz	France
country	Rankuh (Persian: رانكوه‎, also Romanized as Rānkūh) is a city in and the capital of Rankuh District, in Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Rankuh	Iran
country	Sarafovo (Bulgarian: Сарафово) is a neighbourhood of Burgas, largest city in South Eastern Bulgaria - a regional, tourist and trade center.	Sarafovo	Bulgaria
country	Battagram Valley is a valley in Battagram District, which is located in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, formerly known as North-West Frontier Province, northern Pakistan.	Battagram Valley	Pakistan
country	Flyhistorisk Museum, Sola (Sola Aviation Museum) is an aviation museum located in Stavanger Airport, Sola, near Stavanger, Norway.	Flyhistorisk Museum, Sola	Norway
country	Oslo Plads (``Oslo Square'') is a public square in the Østerbro area of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Oslo Plads	Denmark
country	Tabo Monastery (or Tabo Chos-Khor Monastery) is located in the Tabo village of Spiti Valley, Himachal Pradesh, northern India.	Tabo Monastery	India
country	The Kromme Rijn (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈkrɔmə ˈrɛin)) (``Crooked Rhine'', for its many bends) is a river in the central Netherlands.	Kromme Rijn	Netherlands
country	Vipava Castle (Slovene: Grad Vipava, German: Schloss Alt Wippach) is a castle ruin above the town of Vipava, in the eponymous municipality in southwestern Slovenia.	Vipava Castle	Slovenia
country	Tall-e Gachi (Persian: تل گچي‎, also Romanized as Tall-e Gachī; also known as Tall-e Khoshkī) is a village in Kuhak Rural District, in the Central District of Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tall-e Gachi	Iran
country	Marat-e Balkarun (Persian: مرتع بلكرون‎, also Romanized as Maratʿ-e Balkarūn) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Marat-e Balkarun	Iran
country	Iława Lake District Landscape Park or Iława Lakeland Scenic Park (Polish: Park Krajobrazowy Pojezierza Iławskiego) is a protected area (landscape park) in northern Poland.	Iława Lake District Landscape Park	Poland
country	The Anzac Bridge is an 8-lane cable-stayed bridge spanning Johnstons Bay between Pyrmont and Glebe Island (part of the suburb of Rozelle), close to the central business district of Sydney, Australia.	Anzac Bridge	Australia
country	Améscoa Baja (Basque: Ameskoabarren) is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.	Améscoa Baja	Spain
country	The Coega Industrial Development Zone (IDZ), established in 1999 and covering 115 km² of land, is situated within the Nelson Mandela Metropolitan Municipality near Port Elizabeth, in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.	Coega	South Africa
country	Drôme (French pronunciation: ​(dʁom); Droma in Occitan, Drôma in Arpitan) is a department in southeastern France named after the Drôme River.	Drôme	France
country	Praproče v Tuhinju (pronounced (ˈpɾaːpɾɔtʃɛ ʍ tuˈxiːnju)) is a small settlement above the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Praproče v Tuhinju	Slovenia
country	Gudme is a town in central Denmark with a population of 943 (1 January 2014), located in Svendborg municipality on the island of Funen in Region of Southern Denmark.	Gudme	Denmark
country	Księżopole (kɕɛ̃ʐɔˈpɔlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwin, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Księżopole	Poland
country	Ciamis (English: Sweet Water, but see also Ciamik) is the capital of the Ciamis Regency in West Java, Indonesia.	Ciamis	Indonesia
country	Blatce (German: Großblatzen) is a village and municipality in Česká Lípa District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.	Blatce	Czech Republic
country	Francisco de Orellana Airport (IATA: OCC, ICAO: SECO) is an airport serving Puerto Francisco de Orellana (also known as Coca), a city in the province of Orellana in Ecuador.	Francisco de Orellana Airport	Ecuador
country	Barriobusto (Gorrebusto in Basque) is a town located in the municipality of Oyón-Oion, in the province of Álava (Araba), in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.	Barriobusto	Spain
country	The Muel Dam was a Roman gravity dam in Zaragoza province, Aragon, Spain, dating to the 1st century AD.	Muel Dam	Spain
country	Otautau is a small farming, forestry and milling town (population 753 as of 2006 census) located inland on the western edge of the Southland Plains of New Zealand on the banks of the Aparima River.	Otautau	New Zealand
country	Schloss Herrngiersdorf is the building that houses the Schlossbrauerei (Castle brewery) in Herrngiersdorf, Bavaria, Germany.	Schloss Herrngiersdorf	Germany
country	The Somaliland University of Technology (SUTECH) (Somali: Jaamacadda Teknoolajiyadda Somaliland) is a tertiary academic institution in Hargeisa, Somalia.	Somaliland University of Technology	Somalia
country	Shasha Forest Reserve is a forest reserve situated in SW Nigeria (7° 4' 60 N 4° 30' 0 E).	Shasha Forest Reserve	Nigeria
country	Magerøya (Northern Sami: Máhkarávju) is a large island in Finnmark county, in the extreme northern part of Norway.	Magerøya	Norway
country	Hoffell is an area and a farmland in southeast Iceland.	Hoffell	Iceland
country	Gnatowo-Kolonia (ɡnaˈtɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gnatowo-Kolonia	Poland
country	The Socialist Forces Front (Berber: Tirni Iɣallen Inemlayen (RƔN), French: Front des Forces socialistes (FFS), Arabic: جبهة القوى الاشتراكية) is a social democratic and secularist political party, mainly supported by Kabyles in Algeria.	Socialist Forces Front	Algeria
country	North Qu'Appelle is a former provincial electoral division for the Legislative Assembly of the province of Saskatchewan, Canada.	North Qu'Appelle	Canada
country	Vrbovski (Serbian Cyrillic: Врбовски) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Vrbovski	Serbia
country	Vranić (Serbian Cyrillic: Вранић) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Vranić	Serbia
country	The Mae Wong Dam is a planned embankment dam on the Mae Wong River, a tributary of the Sakae Krang River, in Mae Wong District of Nakhon Sawan Province in western Thailand.	Mae Wong Dam	Thailand
country	Kilbarrack (Irish: Cill Bharróg - Church of St. Berach or of young Barra) is a residential suburb of Dublin, Ireland, running inwards from the coast, about 8 km (5.0 mi) from the city's centre.	Kilbarrack	Ireland
country	Saltstraumen Church (Norwegian: Saltstraumen kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county, Norway.	Saltstraumen Church	Norway
country	Gura Jub-e Baba Karam (Persian: گوراجوب باباكرم‎, also Romanized as Gūrā Jūb-e Bābā Karam) is a village in Gurani Rural District, Gahvareh District, Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Gura Jub-e Baba Karam	Iran
country	Ain Saadeh (Arabic: عين سعادة‎, also spelled Ain Saadée and Ain Saade) is suburb located in the pine-forested hills, northeast of the capital Beirut in Lebanon.	Ain Saadeh	Lebanon
country	Cattle Colony (Urdu: بھینس کالونی ‎) is one of the neighbourhoods of Bin Qasim Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Cattle Colony	Pakistan
country	Halumsar (Persian: هلومسر‎, also Romanized as Halūmsar) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Halumsar	Iran
country	Akhand (Persian: اخند‎, also Romanized as Akhand; also known as Ākhownd and Ākhūnd) is a village in Akhand Rural District, Central District, Asaluyeh County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Akhand	Iran
country	Keptin (Russian: Кептин) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Maltaninsky Rural Okrug of Gorny District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 188 kilometers (117 mi) from Berdigestyakh, the administrative center of the district.	Keptin	Russia
country	Ellispontos (Greek: Ελλήσποντος) is a former municipality in Kozani regional unit, West Macedonia, Greece.	Ellispontos	Greece
country	Grodzisko Dolne (ɡrɔˈd͡ʑiskɔ ˈdɔlnɛ) is a village in Leżajsk County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Grodzisko Dolne	Poland
country	Yala National Park is the most visited and second largest national park in Sri Lanka.	Yala National Park	Sri Lanka
country	Useldange Castle (French: Château d'Useldange) is a medieval castle, now mainly in ruin, located in the village of Useldange in western Luxembourg.	Useldange Castle	Luxembourg
country	Trenčianske Teplice (German: Trentschinteplitz; Hungarian: Trencsénteplic) is a health resort and small spa town in western Slovakia, in the valley of the river Teplička, at the foothills of the Strážovské vrchy mountains.	Trenčianske Teplice	Slovakia
country	Nordstrandischmoor (Danish: Nordstrand Mor, Frisian: Lätj Möör; also known locally as Lüttmoor) is a Hallig (undyked islet) off the North Frisian coast in Germany and lies within the Schleswig-Holstein Wadden Sea National Park.	Nordstrandischmoor	Germany
country	Monte Clapier (French: Mont Clapier) is a mountain in the Maritime Alps, on the boundary between the province of Cuneo (Piedmont, northern Italy) and the French region of Provence-Alpes-Côte-d'Azur.	Monte Clapier	Italy
country	The Kumusi River (also known as the Kamusi River) is a river located in the Oro Province of Papua New Guinea.	Kumusi River	Papua New Guinea
country	Turňa nad Bodvou (German: Tornau, Hungarian: Torna) is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.	Turňa nad Bodvou	Slovakia
country	Eitanim (Hebrew: אֵיתָנִים, eng. Enduring) is a psychiatric hospital in central Israel.	Eitanim	Israel
country	Saumarez Homestead is a property located in Armidale, New South Wales, Australia.	Saumarez Homestead	Australia
country	Gliniana Góra (ɡliˈɲana ˈɡura) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koziegłowy, within Myszków County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Gliniana Góra	Poland
country	Wola Zaradzyńska (ˈvɔla zaraˈd͡zɨɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ksawerów, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Zaradzyńska	Poland
country	Captain Nicolas Rojas Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Capitán Nicolas Rojas) (IATA: POI, ICAO: SLPO) is an airport serving the city of Potosí, in the Tomás Frías province of the Potosí department of Bolivia.	Captain Nicolas Rojas Airport	Bolivia
country	Ceraukste parish (Latvian: Ceraukstes pagasts) is an administrative unit of Bauska Municipality, Latvia.	Ceraukste parish	Latvia
country	Wądroże Wielkie (vɔnˈdrɔʐɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) (German: Groß Wandriß) is a village in Jawor County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wądroże Wielkie	Poland
country	Monte Sant'Angelo is a town and comune of Apulia, southern Italy, in the province of Foggia, on the southern slopes of Monte Gargano.	Monte Sant'Angelo	Italy
country	Weltevredenpark is a suburb of Roodepoort, South Africa adjacent to Johannesburg.	Weltevredenpark	South Africa
country	Tłukomy (twuˈkɔmɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysoka, within Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Tłukomy	Poland
country	The Luweero Triangle, sometimes spelled Luwero Triangle, is an area of Uganda north of the capital Kampala, where, in 1981, Yoweri Museveni started the guerrilla war that propelled him and his National Resistance Movement into power in 1986.	Luwero Triangle	Uganda
country	Biskupiec-Kolonia Trzecia (bisˈkupjɛt͡s kɔˈlɔɲa ˈtʂɛt͡ɕa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Biskupiec-Kolonia Trzecia	Poland
country	Akhorak (Persian: اخرك‎, also Romanized as Ākhorak; also known as Ākhūrak) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Akhorak	Iran
country	Mirmangan-e Olya (Persian: ميرمنگان عليا‎, also Romanized as Mīrmangān-e ``Olyā) is a village in Gowavar Rural District, Govar District, Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 431, in 96 families.	Mirmangan-e Olya	Iran
country	The British Society for Population Studies, is a learned society in the United Kingdom dedicated to promoting the scientific study of biological, economic, historical, medical, social and other disciplines connected with human populations.	British Society for Population Studies	United Kingdom
country	Wijdemeren ( pronunciation ) is a municipality in the Netherlands, in the province of North Holland, on the western border of Het Gooi region.	Wijdemeren	Netherlands
country	Santander Airport (IATA: SDR, ICAO: LEXJ) is an international airport near Santander, Spain and the only airport in Cantabria.	Santander Airport	Spain
country	The Rímac River is located in western Peru and is the most important source of potable water for the Lima and Callao Metropolitan Area.	Rímac River	Peru
country	Mélykút (Croatian: Miljkut) is a town in Bács-Kiskun county, in the Southern Great Plain region of southern Hungary in Bacska (Page of Bacska)	Mélykút	Hungary
country	Opo Public Stadium is a small stadium in Gwangju, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea.	Opo Public Stadium	South Korea
country	Snezhnogorsk Airport (ICAO: UOIC) is an airfield in Russia located 5 km west of Snezhnogorsk.	Snezhnogorsk Airport	Russia
country	The Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda (Gujarati: મહારાજા સયાજીરાવ વિશ્વવિદ્યાલય; MSU) is a university in the city of Vadodara, in Gujarat state, India.	Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda	India
country	Corabia Solar Park, a large thin-film photovoltaic (PV) power system, is built on a 45 ha plot of land near the Corabia commune in Romania.	Corabia Solar Park	Romania
country	Paldiski is a town and Baltic Sea port situated on the Pakri peninsula of north-western Estonia.	Paldiski	Estonia
country	The Kanianitis (Greek: Κανιανίτης) is a river in Phocis, central Greece.	Kanianitis	Greece
country	The Hellenic Children's Museum in Athens, Greece is located in two houses specifically designed for use by children.	Hellenic Children's Museum	Greece
country	Piegłowo-Kolonia (pjɛˈɡwɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Piegłowo-Kolonia	Poland
country	Zarzaitine (also written Zarzaïtine) is an industrial village in the commune of In Amenas, in In Amenas District, Illizi Province, eastern Algeria.	Zarzaitine	Algeria
country	Douiret (Berber: Eddwirat or igherman, Arabic: دويرات‎) is a ruined Berber village in the Tataouine district in southern Tunisia.	Douiret	Tunisia
country	Pöyrisjärvi a medium-sized lake in the Kemijoki main catchment area in the Enontekiö municipality of Finland, close to the border with Norway.	Pöyrisjärvi	Finland
country	Kubaan is a settlement in the mountainous interior of Sarawak, Malaysia, about 2 days walk from Bario.	Kubaan	Malaysia
country	Shahabuddin Ghori Colony (Urdu: شہاب الدین غوری کالونى), is located in Lasbela neighbourhood of Liaquatabad Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Shahabuddin Ghori Colony	Pakistan
country	Kotka is a city and municipality of Finland.	Kotka	Finland
country	The Naradhan railway line is a railway line in south-western New South Wales, Australia.	Naradhan railway line	Australia
country	Marzpetuni was a family and region of the old Armenia.	Marzpetuni	Armenia
country	Gorenji Radenci (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾeːnji ɾaˈdeːntsi); German: Oberradenze) is a settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Gorenji Radenci	Slovenia
country	Malampuzha Dam is the largest reservoir in Kerala, located near Palakkad in south India with the scenic hills of the Western Ghats in the background.	Malampuzha Dam	India
country	Santorini (Greek: Σαντορίνη, pronounced (sandoˈrini)), classically Thera (English pronunciation /ˈθɪərə/), and officially Thira (Greek: Θήρα (ˈθira)), is an island in the southern Aegean Sea, about 200 km (120 mi) southeast of Greece's mainland.	Santorini	Greece
country	Westerkerk (Dutch pronunciation: (ʋɛstərkɛrk); English: Western Church) is a Reformed church within Dutch Protestant church in central Amsterdam in the Netherlands.	Westerkerk	Netherlands
country	The Sambor Dam is a proposed dam and hydroelectric power station on the Mekong River south of Sambor village in Prek Kampi District, Kratie Province, Cambodia.	Sambor Dam	Cambodia
country	Hingston Down is a hill not far from Gunnislake in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Hingston Down	United Kingdom
country	The Tijuana metropolitan area, and in Spanish the Zona Metropolitana de Tijuana, is located on the Pacific Ocean in Mexico.	Tijuana metropolitan area	Mexico
country	Berdiansk (Ukrainian: Бердя́нськ, translit. Berdyans'k, Russian: Бердя́нск, Berdyansk) is a port city in the Zaporizhia Oblast (province) of south-east Ukraine.	Berdiansk	Ukraine
country	Chmeľová is a village and small municipality in Bardejov District in the Prešov Region of north-east Slovakia, formerly known as Komloša.	Chmeľová	Slovakia
country	Columba College (Irish: Coláiste Choilm) is an integrated presbyterian school in Roslyn, Dunedin, New Zealand.	Columba College	New Zealand
country	Keele Street is a north-south road in Toronto and York Region (York Regional Road 6) in Ontario, Canada.	Keele Street	Canada
country	The Ster ZLM Toer is a stage race cycling race, held in the Netherlands as 2.1 race on the UCI Europe Tour (translated: Star ZLM Tour) (ZLM = current title sponsor).	Ster ZLM Toer	Netherlands
country	Bad Rothenfelde is a municipality and health resort in the district of Osnabrück, in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Bad Rothenfelde	Germany
country	The Sintra-Cascais Natural Park is one of the 13 Natural Parks of Portugal.	Sintra-Cascais Natural Park	Portugal
country	The Province of Milan (Italian: Provincia di Milano) was a province in the Lombardy region, Italy.	Province of Milan	Italy
country	Estero Calbuco is a creek in Biobio Region of Chile.	Estero Calbuco	Chile
country	Gerdeh Bardan (Persian: گرده بردان‎, also Romanized as Gerdeh Bardān) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District, Khalifan District, Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gerdeh Bardan	Iran
country	Dečina (pronounced (ˈdeːtʃina)) is a small settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Dečina	Slovenia
country	Karat Chal (Persian: كرات چال‎, also Romanized as Karāt Chāl) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Karat Chal	Iran
country	Budila (German: Bodeln; Hungarian: Bodola) is a commune in Braşov County, Romania.	Budila	Romania
country	Purbalingga Regency is a regency (Indonesian: kabupaten) in the southwestern part of Central Java province in Indonesia.	Purbalingga Regency	Indonesia
country	The Mall Luton is a large shopping centre in the centre of Luton, United Kingdom.	The Mall Luton	United Kingdom
country	Herøy Church (Norwegian: Herøy kyrkje) is a parish church in Herøy Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Herøy Church	Norway
country	The Gliwice Radio Tower is a transmission tower in the Szobiszowice district of Gliwice, Upper Silesia, Poland.	Gliwice Radio Tower	Poland
country	Guanaja Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto de Guanaja) (IATA: GJA, ICAO: MHNJ) is an airport serving Guanaja, located in the Bay Islands Department in Honduras.	Guanaja Airport	Honduras
country	The Skulpturhalle Basel is a museum in Basel, Switzerland, featuring cast replicas of antique sculpture.	Skulpturhalle Basel	Switzerland
country	The Route nationale 28 is a trunk road in Normandy and Picardy in northwest France.	Route nationale 28	France
country	Rockdale Town Hall is a civic building located on the corner of Princes Highway and Bryant Street in Rockdale, a suburb of Sydney, Australia.	Rockdale Town Hall	Australia
country	The Letras de Ponce (English: Ponce letters) is a famous landmark in Barrio Sabanetas in Ponce, Puerto Rico, located southbound on PR-52 at the intersection with PR-10.	Letras de Ponce	Puerto Rico
country	Gusums Bruk is a foundry in Sweden specialized in brass production.	Gusums Bruk	Sweden
country	Prinzapolka (Spanish pronunciation: (pɾinsaˈpolka)) is a municipality in the North Caribbean Coast Autonomous Region of Nicaragua.	Prinzapolka	Nicaragua
country	Delbrück (German pronunciation: (ˈdɛlbʁʏk)) is a town in the east of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, located in the district Paderborn.	Delbrück	Germany
country	The Ground Forces of the Army of the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution are the force which the Army of the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution, also known as Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC), maintain in parallel to the regular army of Iran.	Ground Forces of the Army of the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution	Iran
country	FC Inter Sibiu was a football club based in Sibiu, Sibiu County in central Romania.	FC Inter Sibiu	Romania
country	Pinlaung Township (Burmese: ပင်လောင်းမြို့နယ်) is a township of Taunggyi District in the Shan State of Myanmar.	Pinlaung Township	Myanmar
country	Strøget (Danish pronunciation: (ˈsd̥ʁʌjˀð), Copenhagen dialect (ˈsd̥ʁʌːˀðˠ)) is a pedestrian, car free shopping area in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Strøget	Denmark
country	Phnom Bok (Khmer: ប្រាសាទភ្នំបូក) is a hill in the northeast of Eastern Baray in Cambodia, with a prasat (temple) of the same name built on it.	Phnom Bok	Cambodia
country	Al Ghariyah is a settlement on the northeast coast of Qatar located in the municipality of Ash Shamal.	Al Ghariyah	Qatar
country	The Hospital of Maudes (Spanish: Hospital de Maudes) is a former hospital located in Madrid, Spain.	Hospital of Maudes	Spain
country	Rimbach-près-Masevaux (German: Rimbach bei Masmünster; variant form of name: Rimpach) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Rimbach-près-Masevaux	France
country	Zhlobin (Belarusian: Жло́бін; Russian: Жло́бин) is a city in the Zhlobin District of Gomel Region of Belarus, on the Dnieper river.	Zhlobin	Belarus
country	Ave-Dakpa is a town in the Volta Region of Ghana and the capital of the Akatsi North District.	Ave-Dakpa	Ghana
country	Esmaeelabad, Zahedan (Persian: اسماعیل‌آباد‎‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Esmaeelabad, Zahedan	Iran
country	The Bank of the City of Buenos Aires (Banco Ciudad de Buenos Aires) is a publicly owned, municipal commercial bank in Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Bank of the City of Buenos Aires	Argentina
country	The taming of the Linth (German: Linthkorrektur) from 1807 to 1823 was one of the great engineering feats of the early 19th century, the earliest project of such a size undertaken by the new Swiss state, and a great example of solidarity in early Switzerland.	Linth	Switzerland
country	Estadio Santa Lucía is a soccer stadium located in Malacatán, Guatemala.	Estadio Santa Lucía	Guatemala
country	Rotvær Lighthouse (Norwegian: Rotvær fyr) was a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Lødingen in Nordland county, Norway.	Rotvær Lighthouse	Norway
country	Cabugao is a first class municipality in the province of Ilocos Sur, Philippines.	Cabugao	Philippines
country	Merkaz Hever (Hebrew: מֶרְכַּז חֶבֶר) is a communal settlement in the Ta'anakh region in northern Israel.	Merkaz Hever	Israel
country	Civitavecchia is today a major cruise and ferry port, the main starting point for sea connection from central Italy to Sardinia, Sicily, Malta, Tunis and Barcelona.	Civitavecchia	Italy
country	The CERES Community Environment Park, or Centre for Education and Research in Environmental Strategies, is a 10-acre (40,000 m2) urban environmental centre located in urban Brunswick East, Victoria, Australia.	CERES Community Environment Park	Australia
country	Sorkhavan (Persian: سرخوان‎, also Romanized as Sorkhavān and Sorkhvān) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sorkhavan	Iran
country	Mohammadabad-e Gaft (Persian: محمدابادگفت‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Gaft; also known as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Pain Jovin Rural District, Helali District, Joghatai County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mohammadabad-e Gaft	Iran
country	Pavillon de Breteuil is a building located in Sèvres, France near Paris.	Pavillon de Breteuil	France
country	Hyefjorden is a fjord in Gloppen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Hyefjorden	Norway
country	İsgəndərbəyli (also, Iskenderbeyli and İskəndərbəyli) is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	İsgəndərbəyli	Azerbaijan
country	Lannion (French: (la.njɔ̃) ; Breton: Lannuon) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Lannion	France
country	Famenin (Persian: فامنين‎, also Romanized as Fāmenīn, Fāmanīn, and Famīnīn) is a city in and capital of Famenin County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Famenin	Iran
country	Petilla de Aragón is a town and municipality of the autonomous community of Navarra, northern Spain.	Petilla de Aragón	Spain
country	Kələzeyvə (also, Kala-Zeyna, Kelazeyva, and Zeyva) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Kələzeyvə	Azerbaijan
country	Tume parish (Latvian: Tumes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Tukums Municipality, Latvia.	Tume parish	Latvia
country	Kikaaya is a neighborhood in the city of Kampala, Uganda's capital city.	Kikaaya	Uganda
country	Marina Bay Sands is an integrated resort fronting Marina Bay in Singapore.	Marina Bay Sands	Singapore
country	Thenupuriswarar Temple is a Hindu temple dedicated to the god Shiva located in the holy village of Patteeswaram, Tamil Nadu, India.	Thenupuriswarar Temple	India
country	Golden Town is a town located in Karachi, in the Pakistan province of Sindh.	Golden Town	Pakistan
country	Sea Lots is an area within Trinidad and Tobago that is located in southeastern Port of Spain.	Sea Lots	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Concepción Las Minas (Spanish pronunciation: (konsepˈsjon las ˈminas)) is a municipality in southern Chiquimula department of Guatemala in Central America.	Concepción Las Minas	Guatemala
country	Krujë (definite Albanian form: Kruja) is a town and a municipality in north central Albania.	Krujë	Albania
country	Kirchardt ( listen ) is a town in the district of Heilbronn in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Kirchardt	Germany
country	The Buddha Park of Ravangla, also known as Tathagata Tsal, is situated near Rabong (Ravangla) in South Sikkim district, Sikkim, India.	Buddha Park of Ravangla	India
country	Croxall Lakes is a nature reserve located between the villages of Croxall and Alrewas, Staffordshire, in the United Kingdom.	Croxall Lakes	United Kingdom
country	The Gozo Stadium, formerly known as the Silver Jubilee Ground, is the national stadium of the island of Gozo, Malta.	Gozo Stadium	Malta
country	Morrissey Provincial Park is a provincial park near the southeastern corner of British Columbia, Canada.	Morrissey Provincial Park	Canada
country	Hämeenkoski (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈhæmeːŋˌkoski); Koski Hl until 1995, see Koski Tl) is a former municipality of Finland.	Hämeenkoski	Finland
country	Trypucie (trɨˈput͡ɕe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośń Kościelna, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Trypucie	Poland
country	The Cyprus Turkish Islamic Community of Victoria, more commonly known as the Sunshine Mosque, is an Ottoman/Turkish-style mosque in Sunshine, a suburb of Melbourne, Australia.	Sunshine Mosque	Australia
country	Hod Hasharon Sokolov Railway Station (previously known as Kfar Saba Sokolov) is a passenger railway terminal in Hod HaSharon, Israel.	Hod Hasharon Sokolov Railway Station	Israel
country	Troughton Island Airport (ICAO: YTTI) is located on Troughton Island, Western Australia.	Troughton Island Airport	Australia
country	Dragonja Vas (pronounced (dɾaˈɡoːnja ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Dragonja vas) is a small village in the Municipality of Kidričevo in northeastern Slovenia.	Dragonja Vas	Slovenia
country	Bergen Port is an international seaport located in the centre of Bergen, Norway operated by Bergen Port Authority.	Bergen Port	Norway
country	In March 2007 RTL-TVI, a channel in the French-speaking part of Belgium, took over the series and broadcast TV Belgiek daily during the electoral campaigns.	TV Belgiek	Belgium
country	Xızı (also, known as Khizy and Khizi) is a town and the capital of the Khizi Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Xızı	Azerbaijan
country	The Ogre District (Latvian: Ogres rajons) was an administrative division of Latvia, located in the Semigallia and Vidzeme regions, in the country's centre.	Ogre District	Latvia
country	Ottenburg is a village in the municipality of Huldenberg in the Flemish part of Belgium in the province of Flemish Brabant close to the language border.	Ottenburg	Belgium
country	Telerig (village) is a village in the municipality of Krushari, in Dobrich Province, in northeastern Bulgaria.	Telerig (village)	Bulgaria
country	Tarnów Opolski (ˈtarnuf ɔˈpɔlski) is a village in Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Tarnów Opolski	Poland
country	The Kalbario-Patapat Natural Park is a protected area in the Philippines, located on the Patapat Mountains in the municipalities of Pagudpud and Adams in northern Ilocos Norte province.	Kalbario-Patapat Natural Park	Philippines
country	Kord Sheykh (Persian: كردشيخ‎, also Romanized as Kord-e Sheykh; also known as Khurdashīr) is a village in Fathabad Rural District, in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kord Sheykh	Iran
country	Wincenta (vinˈt͡sɛnta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Wincenta	Poland
country	Adullam Grove Nature Reserve (Hebrew: שמורת טבע חורש עדולם‎) is a nature reserve in central Israel, south of Beit Shemesh, managed by the Israel Nature and National Parks Protection Authority.	Adullam Grove Nature Reserve	Israel
country	The Lake Issyk also known as Issyk Lake (Kazakh: Есік көлі) is a lake in Kazakhstan fed by the Issyk River.	Lake Issyk	Kazakhstan
country	Wattrelos (French pronunciation: ​(wa.tʁə.lo); archaic Dutch: Waterlos) is a commune in the Northern department in the Nord-Pas de Calais region in northern France.	Wattrelos	France
country	Mościbrody-Kolonia (mɔɕt͡ɕiˈbrɔdɨ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Mościbrody-Kolonia	Poland
country	Boort railway station is a closed and unused railway station located on the Robinvale railway line at Boort, Victoria Australia.	Boort railway station	Australia
country	Tughrassen is a small village located 17 km from the town Tafraout in the mountain ranges of the Anti-Atlas in Morocco.	Tughrassen	Morocco
country	Morialta Conservation Park is a protected area 10 km north-east of Adelaide city centre, in the state of South Australia, Australia.	Morialta Conservation Park	Australia
country	Operating for over 50 years, Revera says it now oversees the second-largest network of accommodation, care and services for seniors in North America, serving older adults at more than 500 locations in Canada and the United States.	Revera	Canada
country	Muslim Bagh (Urdu: مسلم باغ‎) is a town of Qilla Saifullah District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.	Muslim Bagh	Pakistan
country	MacCabe Park is a small park located in the City of Wollongong, Australia.	MacCabe Park	Australia
country	Pečnik (pronounced (pɛtʃˈniːk)) is a small settlement in the hills above Spodnja Idrija in the Municipality of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.	Pečnik	Slovenia
country	Arbu Langeh (Persian: اربولنگه‎, also Romanized as Ārbū Lengeh) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Arbu Langeh	Iran
country	The Ewen Maddock Dam is an earth-fill embankment dam with an un-gated spillway across the Addlington Creek that is located in the South East region of Queensland, Australia.	Ewen Maddock Dam	Australia
country	Xavier University School of Medicine is a private medical school located in Oranjestad, Aruba.	Xavier University School of Medicine	Aruba
country	Ratargul Swamp Forest is a freshwater swamp forest located in Gowainghat, Sylhet, Bangladesh.	Ratargul Swamp Forest	Bangladesh
country	Paredes de Coura (Portuguese pronunciation: (pɐˈɾeðɨʃ ðɨ ˈkowɾɐ)) is a municipality in Portugal.	Paredes de Coura	Portugal
country	Evosmos (Greek: Εύοσμος) is a suburb of the Thessaloniki Urban Area and was a former municipality in the regional unit of Thessaloniki, Greece.	Evosmos	Greece
country	Parchatka (parˈxatka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierz Dolny, within Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Parchatka	Poland
country	The Engineer Souza Dias Dam, formerly known as the Jupiá Dam is an embankment dam on the Paraná River near Três Lagoas in Mato Grosso do Sul, Brazil.	Engineer Souza Dias Dam	Brazil
country	Kuala Penyu is a town located in Interior Division of Sabah, east Malaysia on the island of Borneo.	Kuala Penyu	Malaysia
country	Lystra (Ancient Greek: Λύστρα) was a city in central Anatolia, now part of present-day Turkey.	Lystra	Turkey
country	The Adelaide Super-Drome is located at Adelaide, South Australia's State Sports Park, Main North Road, Gepps Cross.	Adelaide Super-Drome	Australia
country	Sultana Point is a headland near the south east tip of Yorke Peninsula in South Australia about 3.3 kilometres (2.1 mi) south-southeast of the town of Edithburgh.	Sultana Point	Australia
country	Sangtuda (Persian: سنگ‌توده‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Sangtuda	Tajikistan
country	The museum opened during the months of July and August in 1981 and was officially deemed the Fultz House Museum at a grand opening on Canada Day, 1982.	Fultz House	Canada
country	Stari Dulići (Serbian Cyrillic: Стари Дулићи) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Stari Dulići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Wehni is the name of one of the mountains of Ethiopia where most of the male heirs to the Emperor of Ethiopia were interned, usually for life.	Wehni	Ethiopia
country	Capitán Bermúdez is a city in the province of Santa Fe, Argentina, located within the metropolitan area of Greater Rosario, (north of Rosario, immediately north of Granadero Baigorria), on the western shore of the Paraná River.	Capitán Bermúdez	Argentina
country	Aachen Hauptbahnhof (German for Aachen main station) is the most important railway station for the city of Aachen, in the far west of Germany near the Dutch and Belgian border.	Aachen Hauptbahnhof	Germany
country	Las Banderillas or Cerro de las Banderillas, height 1993 m, is the highest mountain in the Sierra del Segura, a mountain range in Southern Spain.	Las Banderillas	Spain
country	Abarabashi (Persian: اباراباشي‎‎, also Romanized as Ābārābāshī) is a village in Chaldoran-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Abarabashi	Iran
country	Uthai Thani is a town (thesaban mueang) in Thailand, capital of the Uthai Thani Province, in the lower northern region of the country.	Uthai Thani	Thailand
country	Diepholz Air Base is a German Air Force military air base, located 3.3 km southwest of Diepholz in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Diepholz Air Base	Germany
country	Kvammen is a small village located on the south side of the Førdefjorden in Askvoll Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Kvammen	Norway
country	Apollo Bay is a coastal town in southwestern Victoria, Australia.	Apollo Bay	Australia
country	West Auckland Airport Parakai (ICAO: NZPI) West Auckland Airport is a general aviation (GA) airfield on the North Western edge of Auckland, New Zealand, within the Auckland City Local body area.	West Auckland Airport	New Zealand
country	The Swiss Institute of Comparative Law (French: Institut suisse de droit comparé (ISDC), German: Schweizerisches Institut für Rechtsvergleichung) is an agency of the federal administration of Switzerland charged with research and consultancy in comparative law.	Swiss Institute of Comparative Law	Switzerland
country	Sîngera (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈsɨnd͡ʒera)) is a town in Chișinău municipality, Moldova.	Sîngera	Moldova
country	Miszkowice (miʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Michelsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubawka, within Kamienna Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Miszkowice	Poland
country	Tongod is a district within Sandakan Division in Sabah, Malaysia.	Tongod	Malaysia
country	Dumadumana is a village in Botswana, located about 10 km (6.2 mi) northwest of Gaborone, the capital of Botswana.	Dumadumana	Botswana
country	Nove Zhyttia (Ukrainian: Нове Життя) is a village in Vinnytsia Oblast of southern Ukraine near the Moldian border.	Nove Zhyttia	Ukraine
country	Sdei Hemed (Hebrew: שְׂדֵי חֶמֶד, lit. Pleasant Fields) is a moshav in central Israel.	Sdei Hemed	Israel
country	Niort (pronounced: (njɔʁ); Latin: Novioritum) is a commune in the Deux-Sèvres department in western France.	Niort	France
country	The Auburn Gallipoli Mosque is an Ottoman-style mosque in Auburn, a suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Auburn Gallipoli Mosque	Australia
country	Cherlapatelguda also known as Cherla Patel Guda is a village in Ranga Reddy district in Andhra Pradesh, India.	Cherlapatelguda	India
country	La Penne-sur-Huveaune is a commune east of Marseille and west of Aubagne along the A50 autoroute in the department of Bouches-du-Rhône in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southern France.	La Penne-sur-Huveaune	France
country	Anjemabad (Persian: انجم اباد‎, also Romanized as Anjemābād; also known as Elvīz) is a village in Manjilabad Rural District, in the Central District of Robat Karim County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Anjemabad	Iran
country	Bizlan (also, Biznan) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Bizlan	Azerbaijan
country	Šandrovac is a village and municipality in Bjelovar-Bilogora County, Croatia.	Šandrovac	Croatia
country	Georgetown Public Hospital, in Georgetown, Guyana, is the country's largest hospital.	Georgetown Public Hospital	Guyana
country	Kureh Kharem (Persian: كوره خرم‎, also Romanized as Kūreh Kharem) is a village in Sardar-e Jangal Rural District, Sardar-e Jangal District, Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kureh Kharem	Iran
country	Kraszowice (kraʂɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec, within Bolesławiec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kraszowice	Poland
country	Qoşakənd (also, Koshakend and Narimankend) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qoşakənd	Azerbaijan
country	The Abbott Ministry (Liberal--National Coalition) was the 69th ministry of the Government of Australia.	Abbott Ministry	Australia
country	Chalyan (Persian: چاليان‎, also Romanized as Chālyān) is a village in Zeri Rural District, Qatur District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chalyan	Iran
country	Sulaiman Bek (Arabic سليمان بيك) is a town in the Tooz District of Salah ad Din Governorate, near the border with Diyala Governorate, in northern Iraq, about 100 km from the Iranian border.	Sulaiman Bek	Iraq
country	Brąswałd (ˈbrɔ̃sfau̯t) (German Braunswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dywity, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Brąswałd	Poland
country	The Miminegash Range Lights were a set of range lights on Prince Edward Island, Canada.	Miminegash Range Lights	Canada
country	Hiddensee (ˈhɪdənzeː) is a car-free island in the Baltic Sea, located west of Germany's largest island, Rügen, on the German coast.	Hiddensee	Germany
country	Cikot (Serbian Cyrillic: Цикот) is a village in Šumadija and Western Serbia (Šumadija), in the municipality of Rekovac (Region of Levač), lying at 43°53′57``N 21°05′23''E, at the elevation of 270 m. According to the 2002 census, the village had 277 citizens.	Cikot	Serbia
country	The Mind Museum is a science museum in Taguig, Metro Manila, Philippines.	The Mind Museum	Philippines
country	Moghnar (Persian: مغنر‎) is a village in Hur Rural District, in the Central District of Faryab County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Moghnar	Iran
country	Kuh Gandom (Persian: كوه گندم‎, also Romanized as Kūh Gandom) is a village in Shahi Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kuh Gandom	Iran
country	The Cabannina is a cattle breed from the Liguria region of Italy.	Cabannina	Italy
country	Râpa Roșie (Romanian for ``red ravine'') is a protected area, a monument of national interest in Alba County, Romania.	Râpa Roșie	Romania
country	Pravara Rural Engineering College (PREC), a private college in India, is affiliated to the University of Pune, India and is recognized by All India Council for Technical Education, New Delhi.	Pravara Rural Engineering College	India
country	The Björklinge runestones are five Viking Age memorial runestones designated in the Rundata catalog as U 1045, U 1046, U 1047, U 1048, and U 1050 that are located at the church in Björklinge, Uppsala County, Sweden, which is in the historic province of Uppland.	Björklinge runestones	Sweden
country	The Shire of Wycheproof was a local government area about 130 kilometres (81 mi) northwest of Bendigo in northwestern Victoria, Australia.	Shire of Wycheproof	Australia
country	Alopi Devi Mandir is a temple situated in Alopibagh in Allahabad in state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Alopi Devi Mandir	India
country	Saint-Georges-sur-Erve is a commune in the Mayenne department, Pays de la Loire région in north-western France.	Saint-Georges-sur-Erve	France
country	The Páez River (Río Páez Spanish pronunciation: (ˈri.o ˈpaes)) is a river in southwestern Colombia.	Páez River	Colombia
country	The Quay School of the Arts is a Tertiary Art School in Whanganui, a west coast city in the North Island of New Zealand.	The Quay School of the Arts	New Zealand
country	The NASCAR Pinty's Series (French: Série NASCAR Pinty's), commonly abbreviated as NPS, is a national NASCAR racing series in Canada that derives from the old CASCAR Super Series which was founded in 1981.	NASCAR Pinty's Series	Canada
country	Tygerberg Nature Reserve is a 300-hectare (740-acre) nature reserve on the Tygerberg Hills, in the northern suburbs of Cape Town, South Africa.	Tygerberg Nature Reserve	South Africa
country	Rokytnice v Orlických horách (Czech pronunciation: (ˈrokɪtɲɪtsɛ ˈvorlɪtskiːɦ ˈɦoraːx); German: Rokitnitz in Adlergebirge) is a town in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.	Rokytnice v Orlických horách	Czech Republic
country	Grajewo (ɡraˈjɛvɔ), is a town in north-eastern Poland with 23,302 inhabitants (2006).	Grajewo	Poland
country	Suchdol nad Odrou (German: Zauchtenthal) is a market town in Moravian-Silesian Region, Czech Republic.	Suchdol nad Odrou	Czech Republic
country	Dolzhanskaya (Russian: Должанская) is a rural locality (a stanitsa) in Yeysky District of Krasnodar Krai, Russia, located on the coast of the Azov Sea, at the base of Dolgaya Spit.	Dolzhanskaya	Russia
country	Kališta (Macedonian: Калишта) is a village in the southwest part of the Republic of Macedonia, near the city of Struga.	Kališta	Macedonia
country	The Dobropilska coal mine is in the south-east of Ukraine in Donetsk Oblast.	Dobropilska coal mine	Ukraine
country	Lemnos International Airport (IATA: LXS, ICAO: LGLM) is an airport on Lemnos Island, Greece.	Lemnos International Airport	Greece
country	Church of the Holy Venerable Mother Parascheva (Serbo-Croatian: Hram svete prepodobne majke Paraskeve, Serbian Cyrillic: Храм свете пеподобне мајке Параскеве) is a Serbian Orthodox church located in Banovci, Vukovar-Syrmia County in eastern Croatia.	Church of the Holy Venerable Mother Parascheva	Croatia
country	Vedhagiri (Sanskrit: वेद, véda, ``knowledge and giri गिरि means ''mountain``) is in the district of Kottayam, Kerala, India, and is famous for the ashram monastery of the Hindu guru (teacher) Vedhavyasa (Devanāgarī).	Vedhagiri	India
country	Bhathihan Bazar(भठिहन बजार )`` is a village of Satoshar v.d.c which lies in Dhanusa District of Nepal.	Bhathihan Bazar	Nepal
country	Belovodskoye (Russian: Беловодское) is a town in the Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Belovodskoye	Kyrgyzstan
country	Malta parish (Latvian: Maltas pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Rēzekne Municipality, Latvia.	Malta parish	Latvia
country	Østerfælled Torv (lit. ``Østerfælled Market'') is a mixed-use development surrounding a public space by the same name in the former grounds of Østerfælled Barracks in the Østerbro district of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Østerfælled Torv	Denmark
country	The Giétro Glacier or Giétroz Glacier (French: Glacier du Giétro) is a 4 km long valley glacier located in south-western Switzerland.	Giétro Glacier	Switzerland
country	Bronibór (brɔˈnibur) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytniki, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Bronibór	Poland
country	Codru (also plural Codrii; English: Forests or Woods) is the name of the forests that grow in the hilly part of central Moldova.	Codri	Moldova
country	Gaume is a region in the extreme southeast of Belgium.	Gaume	Belgium
country	Plemberk (pronounced (ˈpleːmbɛɾk)) is a settlement in the foothills of the Gorjanci range in the Municipality of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia.	Plemberk	Slovenia
country	The Second School War (French: Deuxième guerre scolaire, Dutch: Tweede schoolstrijd) was a political crisis in Belgium over the issue of the religion in education.	Second School War	Belgium
country	Salangsdalen Chapel (Norwegian: Salangsdalen kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Bardu in Troms county, Norway.	Salangsdalen Chapel	Norway
country	Cham Puneh (Persian: چم پونه‎, also Romanized as Cham Pūneh; also known as Valīābād-e Cham Pūneh) is a village in Teshkan Rural District, Chegeni District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Cham Puneh	Iran
country	Talal Abu-Ghazaleh Graduate School of Business (TAGSB; Arabic: كلية طلال أبوغزاله لإدارة الأعمال‎) was inaugurated on February 27, 2006 in Amman, Jordan as one of the faculties of the German-Jordanian University (GJU).	Talal Abu-Ghazaleh Graduate School of Business	Jordan
country	Menai Bay is located on the southwestern coast of Unguja island (Zanzibar Island), in the Zanzibar Archipelago in Tanzania.	Menai Bay	Tanzania
country	The Hogere Burgerschool or HBS (Dutch: Higher Civic School) was a secondary school type in the Netherlands and the Dutch possessions existing between 1863 and 1974.	Hogere Burgerschool	Netherlands
country	Herojale (Somali: Herojaale) is a town in the north-central Mudug region of Somalia.	Herojale	Somalia
country	Hersfeld Abbey was an important Benedictine imperial abbey in the town of Bad Hersfeld in Hesse (formerly in Hesse-Nassau), Germany, at the confluence of the rivers Geisa, Haune and Fulda.	Hersfeld Abbey	Germany
country	Malibu Hydro System was designed to provide electricity to the Malibu Club in Canada.	Malibu Hydro	Canada
country	Stare Budy Osieckie (ˈstarɛ ˈbudɨ ɔˈɕɛt͡skʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiątkowo, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stare Budy Osieckie	Poland
country	Kinderbeuern (also known locally as Kinderbeuern-Hetzhof) is an Ortsgemeinde -- a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality -- in the Bernkastel-Wittlich district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Kinderbeuern	Germany
country	With the addition of the legendary Franca, founder of the National Ballet of Canada and co-founder of the National Ballet School, The School's unwavering standards of excellence crystallized and the stage was set for The School of Dance to grow into the world class arts education institution it is today.	The School of Dance	Canada
country	Brattahlíð, often anglicised as Brattahlid, was Erik the Red's estate in the Eastern Settlement Viking colony he established in south-western Greenland toward the end of the 10th century.	Brattahlíð	Greenland
country	Ekibastuz (Kazakh: Екібастұз / Ekibastuz, Russian: Экибастуз) is a town in Pavlodar Region, northeastern Kazakhstan.	Ekibastuz	Kazakhstan
country	Castle of Xàtiva (Valencian: Castell de Xàtiva) is a castle located in the city of Xàtiva near Valencia, Spain.	Castle of Xàtiva	Spain
country	Yoshivia (Hebrew: יוֹשִׁבְיָה) is a religious moshav in southern Israel.	Yoshivia	Israel
country	Lebedyan (Russian: Лебедя́нь) is a town and the administrative center of Lebedyansky District in Lipetsk Oblast, Russia, located on the upper Don River, 62 kilometers (39 mi) northwest of Lipetsk, the administrative center of the oblast.	Lebedyan	Russia
country	Pieńpole (pjɛɲˈpɔlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stupsk, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pieńpole	Poland
country	The Todt Battery is a battery of coastal artillery built by the Germans in World War II, located in the hamlet of Haringzelle, Audinghen, near Cape Gris Nez, Pas de Calais, France.	Todt Battery	France
country	Hailuoto Airfield (Finnish: Hailuodon lentokenttä or Pöllän lentokenttä) is an airfield in Pöllä, Hailuoto, Finland, about 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Hailuoto village.	Hailuoto Airfield	Finland
country	Mascardi Lake (Spanish: ``Lago Mascardi'', Spanish pronunciation: (ˈlaɣo masˈkarði)) is a lake in the lake region of northern Patagonia in Río Negro Province in Argentina.	Mascardi Lake	Argentina
country	Hidaj (Persian: هيدج‎; also Haiyeh (Persian: هَيا‎), also Romanized as Hayā and Khiya) is a city in the Central District of Abhar County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Hidaj	Iran
country	Dinosaur Bones have shared the stage with such artists as Broken Social Scene, Sloan, White Lies, Warpaint, The Weakerthans, and Handsome Furs, and have toured extensively both in Canada and the United States, including tours supporting Tokyo Police Club, Ra Ra Riot, Arkells, and Hollerado.	Dinosaur Bones	Canada
country	The Festival of Political Songs (German: Festival des politischen Liedes) was one of the largest music events in East Germany, held between 1970 and 1990.	Festival of Political Songs	East Germany
country	Kruhlik (ˈkruxlik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narewka, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Kruhlik	Poland
country	Huszlew (ˈxuʂlɛf) is a village in Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Huszlew	Poland
country	The Liu Institute for Global Issues is an organization devoted to research at the University of British Columbia (UBC) in Vancouver, Canada.	Liu Institute for Global Issues	Canada
country	San Agustín Archaeological Park is an archaeological site in San Agustín, Huila, Colombia.	San Agustín Archaeological Park	Colombia
country	The Vilyuy Dam (Russian: Вилюйская ГЭС) is a large dam and hydroelectric power station on the Vilyuy River in Chernyshevsky, Sakha Republic, Russia.	Vilyuy Dam	Russia
country	Ingleburn High School is a co-educational, comprehensive, public High School located in Ingleburn, New South Wales, Australia.	Ingleburn High School	Australia
country	Guía Narrows (Spanish Angostura Guías) are between Chile's Hanover and Chatham Islands, and connect Sarmiento and Inocentes Channels.	Guía Narrows	Chile
country	Atwater Market is a farmers' market located in the Little Burgundy area of Montreal, Canada.	Atwater Market	Canada
country	Gwolu is a town in northern Ghana built in the late 19th century by people fleeing the activities of the slave raider Babatu Zato.	Gwolu	Ghana
country	Pishkeli Jan-e Bala (Persian: پيشكليجان بالا‎, also Romanized as Pīshkelī Jān-e Bālā; also known as Peshgel Jān-e Bālā) is a village in Pir Kuh Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pishkeli Jan-e Bala	Iran
country	Logatec (pronounced (lɔˈɡaːtəts); German: Loitsch, Italian: Longatico) is a town in Slovenia.	Logatec	Slovenia
country	Patteson Shoal is an outer reef in the Reef Islands, in the Solomon Islands province of Temotu.	Patteson Shoal	Solomon Islands
country	Caracolí is a town and municipality in Antioquia Department, Colombia, It has an extension of 260 km².	Caracolí	Colombia
country	Alyokhnovo (Russian: Алёхново) is a village in Istrinsky District of Moscow Oblast, Russia.	Alyokhnovo	Russia
country	Route nationale 60 (or RN 60) is a Route nationale in France, connecting the commune of Orléans to that of Troyes.	Route nationale 60	France
country	Baudreix (Occitan: Baudreish) is a commune of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in southwestern France.	Baudreix	France
country	Przebrno is a village on the Vistula Spit in northern Poland.	Przebrno	Poland
country	Pusti Javor (pronounced (ˈpuːsti ˈjaːʋɔɾ)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Pusti Javor	Slovenia
country	Ngongotaha is a town on the western shores of Lake Rotorua in New Zealand's North Island.	Ngongotaha	New Zealand
country	Allqa Walusa or Allqawalusa (Aymara and Quechua allqa multicolored, black and white or two-colored, walusa, wallusa a watery kind of potatoes, hispanicized spelling Alcabalusa) is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,224 metres (17,139 ft) high.	Allqa Walusa	Peru
country	Mahardah (Arabic: محردة‎ Maḥarda, pronounced Mħardé), also spelled Mhardeh or Muhradah, is a city in northern Syria, administratively part of the Hama Governorate, located about 23 kilometers northwest of Hama.	Mahardah	Syria
country	Kigah (Persian: كيگاه‎, also Romanized as Kīgāh and Kīgā) is a village in Sulqan Rural District, Kan District, Tehran County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Kigah	Iran
country	Dartmouth North is a provincial electoral district in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia, Canada, that elects one member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.	Dartmouth North	Canada
country	Kastoria (Greek: Καστοριά Kastoriá (kastoˈrʝa)) is a city in northern Greece in the region of West Macedonia.	Kastoria	Greece
country	Deli Ji-ye Mandani (Persian: دلي جي ماندني‎, also Romanized as Delī Jī-ye Māndanī; also known as Delī Jī-ye Soflá) is a village in Poshteh-ye Zilayi Rural District, Sarfaryab District, Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Deli Ji-ye Mandani	Iran
country	The National Art School, is a tertiary level art school based in Sydney, Australia.	National Art School	Australia
country	Wolawce (vɔˈlaft͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wolawce	Poland
country	Gardner's Gut is an extensive cave system in the Waitomo area of New Zealand.	Gardner's Gut	New Zealand
country	Taj ol Din Kola (Persian: تاج الدين كلا‎, also Romanized as Tāj ol Dīn Kolā, Tāj ed Dīn Kolā, and Tāj od Dīn Kolā) is a village in Baladeh Kojur Rural District, in the Central District of Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Taj ol Din Kola	Iran
country	Roe Land District is a land district (cadastral division) of Western Australia, located within the South-West Land Division in the eastern Wheatbelt region of the state.	Roe Land District	Australia
country	Pisz County (Polish: powiat piski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, northern Poland.	Pisz County	Poland
country	The Headquarters of the Arab League is located in Tahrir Square and near the downtown business district of Cairo, Egypt.	Headquarters of the Arab League	Egypt
country	Štítina (German: Stettin, Silesian: Ščičina) is a village in Czech Republic, about 10 kilometers east of Opava.	Štítina	Czech Republic
country	Zeydi (Persian: زيدي‎, also Romanized as Zeydī) is a village in Siyarastaq Yeylaq Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Zeydi	Iran
country	Balkh University (Persian: دانشگاه بلخ‎‎) is a university located in Mazari Sharif, capital of Balkh Province in northern Afghanistan.	Balkh University	Afghanistan
country	Nelson Marlborough Institute of Technology (NMIT) is the largest public Tertiary Education Institution at the Top of the South Island in New Zealand.	Nelson Marlborough Institute of Technology	New Zealand
country	Veslfjelltinden is a mountain in the western part of Jotunheimen mountain range, in Oppland, Norway.	Veslfjelltinden	Norway
country	Conguillío Lake is a lake located in the La Araucanía Region of Chile, within the Conguillío National Park.	Conguillío Lake	Chile
country	The Thuận Phước Bridge (Vietnamese: Cầu Thuận Phước) is a suspension bridge that crosses the lower Han River at Da Nang, Vietnam.	Thuận Phước Bridge	Vietnam
country	Cillaarshoek is a village in the western Netherlands.	Cillaarshoek	Netherlands
country	Chah-e Shanbeh (Persian: چاه شنبه‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Shanbeh and Chāhshanbeh) is a village in Kushk-e Nar Rural District, Kushk-e Nar District, Parsian County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Shanbeh	Iran
country	Ajtósi Dürer sor is a road in Budapest, Hungary, along south-eastern edge of Városliget, between Dózsa György út and Hungária körút.	Ajtósi Dürer sor	Hungary
country	Tajdu (Persian: تاجدو‎, also Romanized as Tājdū) is a village in Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District, Bazargan District, Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tajdu	Iran
country	Château de Combourg is a medieval castle in the commune of Combourg in the Ille-et-Vilaine département of Brittany, France.	Château de Combourg	France
country	Atlético Sport Aviação, best known as ASA, is a football club from Luanda, Angola, founded in 1953 by a group of workers from TAAG's predecessor DTA.	Atlético Sport Aviação	Angola
country	The Żywiec Beskids (Polish: Beskid Żywiecki) is a mountain range in the Outer Eastern Carpathians in southern Poland.	Żywiec Beskids	Poland
country	BBC One is the flagship television channel of the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) in the United Kingdom, Isle of Man and Channel Islands.	BBC One	United Kingdom
country	Solusi University is a coeducational private university in Bulawayo, Zimbabwe.	Solusi University	Zimbabwe
country	Nav-e Bala (Persian: ناوبالا‎, also Romanized as Nāv-e Bālā) is a village in Kharajgil Rural District, Asalem District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Nav-e Bala	Iran
country	The Jewish cemetery of Chernivtsi is a cemetery in the city of Chernivtsi, in Chernivtsi oblast, in western Ukraine.	Jewish cemetery of Chernivtsi	Ukraine
country	Bystra-Osiedle (ˈbɨstra ɔˈɕɛdlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz Gdański, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bystra-Osiedle	Poland
country	Hribljane (pronounced (xɾiˈbljaːnɛ)) is a small settlement in the hills northeast of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Hribljane	Slovenia
country	Kadita (Hebrew: כדיתה or קדיתא‎) is an unrecognised community settlement in northern Israel.	Kadita	Israel
country	Horwang School (Thai: โรงเรียนหอวัง) is a state school located in Bangkok, Thailand.	Horwang School	Thailand
country	San Miguel Chicaj (Spanish pronunciation: (san miˈɣel tʃiˈkax)) is a municipality in the Baja Verapaz department of Guatemala.	San Miguel Chicaj	Guatemala
country	Tak Bai (Thai: ตากใบ) is a border town on Malaysia-Thailand Border, the capital of Tak Bai district, Narathiwat province.	Tak Bai	Thailand
country	Nummi (Finnish; Nummis in Swedish) is a district and a suburb of the city of Turku, Finland.	Nummi	Finland
country	Adana railway station or Adana Gar is a railway station in Adana and one of the major railway hubs in Turkey.	Adana railway station	Turkey
country	Vlahovići (Serbian Cyrillic: Влаховићи) is a village in the municipality of Ljubinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vlahovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Ford Hospital and Research Centre (FHRC) was established in Patna, Bihar, India in Year 2008 and officially inaugurated by Chief Minister of Bihar Shri Nitish Kumar on 24 August 2010, with the sole objective of providing advance healthcare services to the people of Bihar.	Ford Hospital and Research Centre	India
country	Mahallat (Persian: محلات‎, also Romanized as Maḩallāt; also known as Mahallāt Bāla and Maḩallāt-e Bālā) is the capital of Mahallat County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Mahallat	Iran
country	Lig (pronounced (ˈliːk); Italian: Liga di Canale) is a dispersed settlement in the hills northwest of Kanal in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Lig	Slovenia
country	Sant'Alvise is a church in the sestiere of Cannaregio in Venice, northern Italy.	Sant'Alvise	Italy
country	Austrått or Austrått Manor (in Norwegian: Austråttborgen) is a manor in Ørland municipality, Sør-Trøndelag, Norway.	Austrått	Norway
country	HSC Medical Center (HSC) is a private hospital in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, the capital of Malaysia.	HSC Medical Center	Malaysia
country	Jisk'a Iru Muqu (Aymara, jisk'a small, iru a type of grass, (Festuca orthophylla), muqu knot; joint of a part of the reed, also spelled Jiskairumoko, Jisk'airumoko) is a pre-Columbian archaeological site 54 kilometers (34 mi) south-east of Puno, Peru.	Jisk'a Iru Muqu	Peru
country	Airolaf is a town in the Tadjoura Region in northwestern Djibouti and in the centre of the Tadjoura Region.	Airolaf	Djibouti
country	The Kiev Zoo (Ukrainian: Київський Зоопарк, Kyivskyi Zoopark) is one of the largest zoos in the former Soviet Union and the only zoo in Kiev, Ukraine.	Kiev Zoo	Ukraine
country	Lake Stubbe (Stubbe Sø, in Danish) is a nature conservation area, and a former fjord, which in the Stone Age entered the sea, Kattegat, at the entrance to the Baltic Sea between Denmark and Sweden in Northern Europe.	Lake Stubbe	Denmark
country	As of 2011 India census, Khurai has a population of 51,511.	Khurai	India
country	Sivica (Hungarian: Muraszilvágy) is a village in Međimurje County, Croatia.	Sivica	Croatia
country	The Princely Pheasantry is a late 18th century neoclassical building in Poręba, Pszczyna County, Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland.	The Princely Pheasantry	Poland
country	Pesar (Persian: پسار‎, also Romanized as Pesār and Pāsār; also known as Pāysar) is a village in Gilvan Rural District, in the Central District of Tarom County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Pesar	Iran
country	Gol Afzan (Persian: گل افزان‎, also Romanized as Gol Afzān; also known as Kilavzan) is a village in Rud Pish Rural District, in the Central District of Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gol Afzan	Iran
country	Pattani River (Thai: แม่น้ำปัตตานี, rtgs: Maenam Pattani, Thai pronunciation: (mɛ̂ːnáːm pàt.taː.niː)) is a river in southern Thailand, Thailand.	Pattani River	Thailand
country	Oberwart ( Oberwart Hungarian: Felsőőr; Croatian: Gornja Borta) is a town in Burgenland in southeast Austria on the banks of the Pinka River, and the capital of the district of the same name.	Oberwart	Austria
country	The Deadwood River is a tributary of the Dease River in the far north of British Columbia, Canada.	Deadwood River	Canada
country	Štajer (pronounced (ˈʃtaːjɛɾ)) is a small settlement west of Vas in the Municipality of Kostel in southern Slovenia.	Štajer	Slovenia
country	Aggersund is a town and harbour with a population of 347 (1 January 2014) in the Himmerland region of the Jutland peninsula of Denmark.	Aggersund	Denmark
country	Southwest Sumba Regency (Indonesian: Kabupaten Sumba Barat Daya) is a regency on Sumba in East Nusa Tenggara province of Indonesia.	Southwest Sumba Regency	Indonesia
country	The University of Adrar of the African Ahmed Draïa is a university, located in Algeria.	University of Adrar	Algeria
country	Golfanlage Schloss Nippenburg is a golf course in Schwieberdingen, located on the northwestern edge of Stuttgart, Germany.	Golfanlage Schloss Nippenburg	Germany
country	Goreljce (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾeːltsɛ); in older sources also Gorelice) is a small dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Radeče in eastern Slovenia.	Goreljce	Slovenia
country	West Yorkshire has an Oceanic climate, similar to almost all the United Kingdom.	West Yorkshire	United Kingdom
country	Šalamunić (Serbian Cyrillic: Шаламунић) is a village in Lika, Croatia, located in the Udbina municipality, between Korenica and Lički Osik.	Šalamunić	Croatia
country	Kniatowy (kɲaˈtɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czastary, within Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kniatowy	Poland
country	Shikhany (Russian: Шиханы) is a closed town in Saratov Oblast, Russia, located 130 kilometers (81 mi) north of Saratov on the right bank of the Volga River.	Shikhany	Russia
country	SMK Takis Papar also known as Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan Takis Papar (SMKTP) in Malay, is a Malaysian secondary school located in East Malaysia at Papar district.	SMK Takis Papar	Malaysia
country	Xırmancıq (Armenian: Ծաղկավանք, Tsakhkavank, also Kharmandzhuk, Khirmandgough, and Khrmandzhuk) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Xırmancıq	Azerbaijan
country	Bistričica (pronounced (ˈbiːstɾitʃitsa); German: Wisterschitz) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Bistričica	Slovenia
country	Turem (Persian: تورم‎, also Romanized as Tūrem) is a village in Zardalan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Turem	Iran
country	The Windy Range is a subrange of the Big Bend Ranges of the Selkirk Mountains of the Columbia Mountains in southeastern British Columbia, Canada, located on the west side of Columbia Reach, Kinbasket Lake north of Windy Creek.	Windy Range	Canada
country	Kodurupaka is one of the oldest villages in the Karimnagar district of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Kodurupaka	India
country	The Newcastle University Theatre Society or NUTS, is the student-run theatre society at the University of Newcastle upon Tyne in the United Kingdom.	Newcastle University Theatre Society	United Kingdom
country	Lake Prisaca (Romanian: Lacul Prisaca) is an elongated lake in the Cerna River in Caraș-Severin County, southwestern Romania.	Lake Prisaca	Romania
country	Idsegahuizum (West Frisian: Skuzum) is a small village in Súdwest-Fryslân in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Idsegahuizum	Netherlands
country	Hammermøllen was a set of water mills at Hellebæk in Denmark, used to power the Kronborg weapons factory.	Hammermøllen	Denmark
country	The Abbey of Santi Vito e Salvo (Italian: Abbazia dei Santi Vito e Salvo) was a Cistercian monastery located in San Salvo, Province of Chieti, Italy.	Santi Vito e Salvo	Italy
country	The Stripsenkopf is a 1,807 metre high mountain in the Kaisergebirge range of the Northern Limestone Alps in Austria.	Stripsenkopf	Austria
country	Obbolaön is an island in northern Sweden.	Obbolaön	Sweden
country	Steni (Greek: Στενή) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 6 km southeast of Polis Chrysochous.	Steni	Cyprus
country	Lake Hashenge (also Lake Ashangi, Lake Ashenge) is a lake in the southern Tigray Region of Ethiopia.	Lake Ashenge	Ethiopia
country	The Royal Dutch Billiards Federation (KNBB) was founded in 1911 to coordinate, within the Netherlands, billiards, pool and snooker.	Royal Dutch Billiards Federation	Netherlands
country	Bellelay Abbey is a former Premonstratensian monastery in the Bernese Jura in Switzerland, now a psychiatric clinic.	Bellelay Abbey	Switzerland
country	Seyyedava (Persian: سيداوا‎, also Romanized as Seyyedāvā) is a village in Melkari Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Seyyedava	Iran
country	Mandalgovi (Mongolian: Мандалговь; ᠮᠠᠨᠳᠠᠯᠭᠣᠪᠢ; also Mandalgov' or Mandalgobi) is the capital of the Dundgovi Province of Mongolia, about 300 km south of Ulaanbaatar on the border of the Gobi Desert.	Mandalgovi	Mongolia
country	The Sanfong Central Street or Sanfong Jhong Street (Chinese: 三鳳中街; pinyin: Sānfèng Zhōng Jiē) is a street in Sanmin District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.	Sanfong Central Street	Taiwan
country	Mian Mahalleh-ye Zakleh Bar (Persian: ميان محله زاكله بر‎, also Romanized as Mīān Maḩalleh-ye Zākleh Bar; also known as Zāklebar and Zāklīvar) is a village in Ahandan Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Mian Mahalleh-ye Zakleh Bar	Iran
country	Walaha Airport is an airport in Walaha, Vanuatu (IATA: WLH, ICAO: NVSW).	Walaha Airport	Vanuatu
country	Ygyatta (Russian: Ыгыатта) is a rural locality (a selo), one of three settlements, in addition to Arylakh, the administrative centre of the Rural Okrug, in Tyubyay-Zharkhansky Rural Okrug of Suntarsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia.	Ygyatta	Russia
country	Bushbuckridge Local Municipality is a thitd-level administrative division in the Ehlanzeni District of Mpumalanga in South Africa.	Bushbuckridge Local Municipality	South Africa
country	The Municipality of Komen (Slovene: Občina Komen) is a municipality in the Littoral region of Slovenia, near the Italian border.	Municipality of Komen	Slovenia
country	Smardze (ˈsmard͡zɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcinica, within Kępno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Smardze	Poland
country	Wegbe Kpalime is a village located in the South Dayi District of the Volta Region of Ghana.	Wegbe Kpalime	Ghana
country	Rancho Las Cruces Airstrip or Club Las Cruces Airstrip (IATA: N/A) is the private-use dirt airstrip at ``Rancho Las Cruces'' Resort, located in Las Cruces, Municipality of La Paz, Baja California Sur, Mexico, an isolated resort located just on the Gulf of California coast.	Rancho Las Cruces Airstrip	Mexico
country	Enrique Malek International Airport (IATA: DAV, ICAO: MPDA) (Spanish: Aeropuerto Internacional Enrique Malek) is an international airport located in the city of David, Chiriquí in the Republic of Panama.	Enrique Malek International Airport	Panama
country	Pampanso is a village in the Akuapim South Municipal district, a district in the Eastern Region of Ghana.	Pampanso	Ghana
country	The Swedish Armed Forces (Swedish: Försvarsmakten) is the government agency that forms the military forces of Sweden, and which is tasked with defence of the country, as well as promoting Sweden's wider interests, supporting international peacekeeping efforts, and providing humanitarian aid.	Swedish Armed Forces	Sweden
country	َArdestani Expressway (Persian: بزرگراه شهید اردستانی‎) is an expressway in northeastern Isfahan, Iran connecting to Isfahan International Airport via Qahjavarestan.	Ardestani Expressway	Iran
country	Nīcgale Parish (Latvian: Nīcgales pagasts; Latgalian: Neicgaļa pogosts) is an administrative unit of the Daugavpils Municipality, Latvia.	Nīcgale Parish	Latvia
country	Vild-Svinet (Danish for The Wild Boar) is a steel roller coaster at BonBon-Land in southern Zealand, Denmark, approximately 100 kilometres (62 mi) from Copenhagen.	Vild-Svinet	Denmark
country	FM Stereo Johor Bahru or FMJB and JBFM was a regional radio station operated by Radio Televisyen Malaysia (RTM) exclusively for the Johor Bahru metropolitan area, and as a complement to Johor FM.	FM Stereo Johor Bahru	Malaysia
country	Ikornnes Church (Norwegian: Ikornnes kyrkje) is a parish church in Sykkylven Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Ikornnes Church	Norway
country	Bog-e Sagilan (Persian: بگ سگيلان‎, also Romanized as Bog-e Sagīlān; also known as Bog-e Sehgīlān) is a village in Gavkan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bog-e Sagilan	Iran
country	Hartvikvatnet (Northern Sami: Árajávri) is a lake in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county, Norway.	Hartvikvatnet	Norway
country	Deir el-Bahari or Dayr al-Bahri (Arabic: الدير البحري ad-dayr al-baḥrī, literally meaning, ``The Northern Monastery'') is a complex of mortuary temples and tombs located on the west bank of the Nile, opposite the city of Luxor, Egypt.	Deir el-Bahari	Egypt
country	Connect.com.au was one of the first commercial Internet service providers (ISP) to operate in Australia.	Connect.com.au	Australia
country	Auckland Region Women's Corrections Facility (ARWCF) is a women's prison in the Wiri suburb of Manukau City, Auckland, New Zealand.	Auckland Region Women's Corrections Facility	New Zealand
country	Gooise Meren is a municipality in the province of North Holland, the Netherlands.	Gooise Meren	Netherlands
country	Khoteichi (Russian: Хоте́ичи) is a village (selo) in Orekhovo-Zuyevsky District of Moscow Oblast, Russia, located on the Nerskaya River (Moskva's tributary).	Khoteichi	Russia
country	Katochi (Greek: Κατοχή) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Oiniades in Aetolia-Acarnania, West Greece, Greece.	Katochi	Greece
country	Berende Izvor is a village in Dragoman Municipality, Sofia Province, in western Bulgaria.	Berende Izvor	Bulgaria
country	Merredin College is a comprehensive public high school located in Merredin, a regional centre 260 kilometres (162 mi) east of Perth, Western Australia.	Merredin College	Australia
country	Disen is a neighborhood divided between the boroughs of Bjerke and Nordre Aker in Oslo, Norway.	Disen	Norway
country	Sadovnichesky Bridge (Russian: Cадовнический мост) is a cоncrete pedestrian arch bridge that spans Vodootvodny Canal in historical Zamoskvorechye district of Moscow, Russia.	Sadovnichesky Bridge	Russia
country	The Tsavo River is located in Coast province in Kenya.	Tsavo River	Kenya
country	Shorncliffe railway station is the terminus station of the Shorncliffe line in Queensland, Australia.	Shorncliffe railway station	Australia
country	Thubten Shedrup Ling is the first Tibetan Buddhist monastery in Australia.	Thubten Shedrup Ling	Australia
country	The Bokong Nature Reserve is a reserve located in Lesotho.	Bokong Nature Reserve	Lesotho
country	The Omo River (also called Omo-Bottego) is an important river of southern Ethiopia.	Omo River	Ethiopia
country	Aparamán-tepui is the westernmost of the four main tepuis of the Los Testigos chain in Bolívar, Venezuela.	Aparamán-tepui	Venezuela
country	Mana Railway Station on the Kapiti Line section of the North Island Main Trunk Railway (NIMT) in the locality of Mana in the Paremata suburb of the city of Porirua, New Zealand is part of Wellington's Tranz Metro suburban rail network.	Mana Railway Station	New Zealand
country	Gibloux Radio Tower is built on the 1204 metre Gibloux mountain above Sorens, west of Fribourg, Switzerland.	Gibloux Radio Tower	Switzerland
country	Gugutka (Bulgarian: Гугутка, ``collared dove'', Turkish: Arnavutköy) is a village in southernmost Bulgaria, part of Ivaylovgrad municipality, Haskovo Province.	Gugutka	Bulgaria
country	Chah-e Abuzer Ghafari (Persian: چاه ابوذرغفاري‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Ābūẕer Ghafārī) is a village in Jolgeh-e Mazhan Rural District, Jolgeh-e Mazhan District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Abuzer Ghafari	Iran
country	Istanbul Sapphire, or Sapphire, is a skyscraper, and as of 2016, the tallest building in Istanbul and Turkey, located in the central business district of Levent.	Istanbul Sapphire	Turkey
country	Bjørnskinn Church (Norwegian: Bjørnskinn kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Andøy in Nordland county, Norway.	Bjørnskinn Church	Norway
country	Paskan (Persian: پسكن‎) is a village in Sangar Rural District, in the Central District of Faruj County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Paskan	Iran
country	Trutnov District (Czech: Okres Trutnov, German: Bezirk Trautenau) is a district (okres) within Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.	Trutnov District	Czech Republic
country	The Echigo-Tsumari Art Triennial is an international modern art festival held once every three years in the Niigata prefecture, Japan.	Echigo-Tsumari Art Triennial	Japan
country	McLeod Country Golf Club is an 18-hole golf course located in Brisbane, Australia.	McLeod Country Golf Club	Australia
country	St. Xavier's Girls' College is a national school in Mannar, Sri Lanka.	St. Xavier's Girls' College	Sri Lanka
country	Gammelgarn Church (Swedish: Gammelgarns kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church on the island of Gotland, in the Diocese of Visby (Sweden).	Gammelgarn Church	Sweden
country	Mingyong Glacier is located in the Yunnan Province, People's Republic of China, The glacier retreated 200 meters (656 feet) in four years.	Mingyong Glacier	People's Republic of China
country	Chhatabar is a village in the Maneswar block of Sambalpur district in Orissa, India, located around 15 km from the district headquarters Sambalpur.	Chhatabar	India
country	Lau Province is one of fourteen provinces of Fiji.	Lau Province	Fiji
country	Kolonia Góry (kɔˈlɔɲa ˈɡurɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Markuszów, within Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kolonia Góry	Poland
country	Gottsunda, is a district in Uppsala, Sweden.	Gottsunda	Sweden
country	Illinizas Ecological Reserve (sometimes referred to as Illinizas National Park) is a protected area in Ecuador, located in the provinces of Cotopaxi and Pichincha.	Illinizas Ecological Reserve	Ecuador
country	The Phare de Sainte Marie is an inactive lighthouse built to mark the harbor of Marseille, France.	Phare de Sainte Marie	France
country	Fort Abipones (Spanish: Fuerte de Abipones) was a military outpost in the Quebrachos Department near the southern border of Santiago del Estero Province of the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata, today's Argentina.	Fort Abipones	Argentina
country	Adonara is an island in the Lesser Sunda Islands of Indonesia, located east of the larger island of Flores in the Solor Archipelago.	Adonara	Indonesia
country	Borowina Sitaniecka (bɔrɔˈvina ɕitaˈɲet͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zamość, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Borowina Sitaniecka	Poland
country	Akinyele is a Local Government Area in Oyo State, Nigeria.	Akinyele	Nigeria
country	Moghalpura is one of the oldest suburbs in Hyderabad, India.	Moghalpura	India
country	Dalików (daˈlikuf) (German: Dallikau) is a village in Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Dalików	Poland
country	Parkinsons Lake is a eutrophic, 1.92 ha, sand dune lake in the Waikato District of New Zealand, near the southern part of Kariotahi Beach.	Parkinsons Lake	New Zealand
country	Parikan (Persian: پريكان‎, also Romanized as Parīkān) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Parikan	Iran
country	Abadi Chaleh (Persian: ابادي چاله‎, also Romanized as Abādī Chāleh) is a village in Khabar Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Abadi Chaleh	Iran
country	Khodabandeh County (Persian: شهرستان خدابنده‎‎) is a county in Zanjan Province in Iran.	Khodabandeh County	Iran
country	Bieleń (ˈbjɛlɛɲ) (German: Weißensand) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzciel, within Międzyrzecz County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Bieleń	Poland
country	Kolbäcksån is a river located in Bergslagen in the middle of Sweden.	Kolbäcksån	Sweden
country	The Isles of Notre Dame, formerly called Twillingate and Fogo, is a provincial electoral district for the House of Assembly of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	The Isles of Notre Dame	Canada
country	Steinsdalen is a valley in the municipality of Osen in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Steinsdalen	Norway
country	Pahadi Shareef is a village located in the suburbs of Hyderabad, India.	Pahadi Shareef	India
country	Elbtal is a community in Limburg-Weilburg district in Hesse, Germany.	Elbtal	Germany
country	Qanat-e Mirza Jalil (Persian: قناتميرزاجليل‎, also Romanized as Qanāt-e Mīrzā Jalīl; also known as Kahrīz) is a village in Churs Rural District, in the Central District of Chaypareh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qanat-e Mirza Jalil	Iran
country	The World Village Festival (Finnish: Maailma kylässä, Swedish: Världen i byn) is an annual festival in Helsinki, Finland that exhibits cultures from around the world.	World Village Festival	Finland
country	Ulobići (Serbian Cyrillic: Улобићи) is a village in the municipality of Trnovo, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Ulobići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Arochukwu, sometimes referred to as Arochuku, or Aro-Okigbo, (pronounced Aruchukwu) is the third largest city in Abia State (after Aba and Umuahia) in southeastern Nigeria and homeland of the Igbo subgroup, Aro people.	Arochukwu	Nigeria
country	Manfredonia (mamfreˈdɔːnja) is a town and comune of Apulia, Italy, in the province of Foggia, from which it is 35 kilometres (22 miles) northeast by rail.	Manfredonia	Italy
country	Magdalena Airport (IATA: MGD, ICAO: SLMG) is a public use airport located near Magdalena, Beni, Bolivia.	Magdalena Airport	Bolivia
country	Zevenheuvelenloop (Seven Hills Run in English) is an annual 15 kilometres road running race held in Nijmegen, Netherlands.	Zevenheuvelenloop	Netherlands
country	The Aga Khan School, Dhaka, is an English Medium School, in Uttara, Dhaka under the Aga Khan Development Network (AKDN) and the Aga Khan Education Service, Bangladesh (AKES,B).	Aga Khan School, Dhaka	Bangladesh
country	Waverley Girls' High School is a public school for girls located in the suburb of Waverley in Johannesburg, South Africa.	Waverley Girls' High School	South Africa
country	Girimsa is a Buddhist temple located on the slopes of Mount Hamwolsan in Gyeongju city, the North Gyeongsang Province, South Korea.	Girimsa	South Korea
country	Halle Radio Tower is the tallest free-standing lattice tower exclusively used for radiotechnical purposes in Germany.	Halle Radio Tower	Germany
country	Sarkadtanya (formerly Sarkad) is a populated place, now part of Tiszalúc, in the county of Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén, Hungary.	Sarkadtanya	Hungary
country	The Château de l'Arthaudière is a castle, later converted into a château , in the commune of Saint-Bonnet-de-Chavagne in the Isère département of France.	Château de l'Arthaudière	France
country	Calafquén Lake (Mapudungun: Lake like a sea) is a lake of Chile, which straddles the border between the La Araucanía Region and Los Ríos Region.	Calafquén Lake	Chile
country	Piekary Śląskie ((pjɛˈkarɨ ˈɕlɔ̃skʲɛ)) (German: Deutsch Piekar) is a city in Silesia in southern Poland, near Katowice.	Piekary Śląskie	Poland
country	Bidogno was a municipality in the district of Lugano, in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.	Bidogno	Switzerland
country	Wutthakat BTS Station (Thai: สถานีวุฒากาศ) is a BTS skytrain station, on the Silom Line at Thon Buri and Chom Thong district boundary, Bangkok, Thailand.	Wutthakat BTS Station	Thailand
country	Monte Emilius (French: Mont Émilius) (3,559 m) is a mountain of the Graian Alps in Aosta Valley, north-western Italy.	Monte Emilius	Italy
country	Kabba is a town in Kogi State in mid west Nigeria.	Kabba	Nigeria
country	Qusha Qeshlaq-e Mansur va Rahman (Persian: قوشاقشلاق منصورورحمان‎, also Romanized as Qūshā Qeshlāq-e Manṣūr va Raḥmān) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qusha Qeshlaq-e Mansur va Rahman	Iran
country	The Mankhan Uul mine is a large mine in Mongolia.	Mankhan Uul mine	Mongolia
country	Camera Japan Festival is a multidisciplinary Japanese arts and culture festival held each year in the Netherlands, in Rotterdam and Amsterdam.	Camera Japan Festival	Netherlands
country	The Akatarawa Valley is a valley in the Tararua Range of New Zealand's North Island.	Akatarawa Valley	New Zealand
country	Sanghar (Sindhi: سانگھڙ‎ Urdu: سانگھڑ‎) is a city in Sanghar District, Sindh, Pakistan.	Sanghar	Pakistan
country	VEB Plasticart was a model and toy manufacturer established in 1958 in Zschopau, East Germany.	VEB Plasticart	East Germany
country	The Plougonven Parish close (Enclos paroissial) is located at Plougonven in the arrondissement of Morlaix in Finistère in Brittany in north-western France.	Plougonven Parish close	France
country	Bindha railway station located on the Shorncliffe line in Queensland, Australia.	Bindha railway station	Australia
country	Shahrak-e Gabrik (Persian: شهرك گابريك‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Gābrīk; also known as Gabrīg and Gābrīk) is a village in Gabrik Rural District, in the Central District of Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Gabrik	Iran
country	Ternopil State Medical University (Ukrainian: Тернопiльський державний медичний університет) is a medical university located in the city of Ternopil in Ukraine.	Ternopil State Medical University	Ukraine
country	Castelnaudary (Occitan: Castèlnòu d'Arri) is a commune in the Aude department in the Languedoc-Roussillon region in south France.	Castelnaudary	France
country	Dragoynovo (Bulgarian: Драгойново) is a village in central southern Bulgaria, in the Parvomay municipality of Plovdiv Province.	Dragoynovo	Bulgaria
country	Upplandsmuseet is the county museum of Uppsala County in Sweden.	Upplandsmuseet	Sweden
country	Kumealon Inlet is an inlet on the North Coast of British Columbia, Canada, near the north end of Grenville Channel facing Pitt Island.	Kumealon Inlet	Canada
country	Celle State Stud is a state-owned facility for horse breeding in Celle, Germany.	Celle State Stud	Germany
country	Irazú Volcano National Park, or in Spanish the Parque Nacional Volcán Irazú, is a National Park in the Central Volcanic Conservation Area of Costa Rica that encompasses the area around the Irazú Volcano in Cartago Province which incorporates what used to be the Ruben Torres Rojas Forest Reserve now called the Prusia Forest Reserve.	Irazú Volcano National Park	Costa Rica
country	Chknagh (Armenian: Չքնաղ, also Romanized as Chqnagh, Chknakh, and Chknag; formerly, Samadarvish) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Chknagh	Armenia
country	Muang Sing or Mueang Sing (Lao: ເມືອງສີງ) is a small town and district (muang) in Luang Namtha Province, northwestern Laos, about 60 kilometres northwest of the town of Luang Namtha and 360 kilometres northwest of Vientiane.	Muang Sing	Laos
country	Mazraeh-ye Tireh Bahi (Persian: مزرعه تيره بهي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Tīreh Bahī) is a village in Efzar Rural District, Efzar District, Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 57, in 14 families.	Mazraeh-ye Tireh Bahi	Iran
country	Little Cornwallis Island is one of the Canadian Arctic islands in Nunavut, Canada.	Little Cornwallis Island	Canada
country	Isen Abbey (Kloster Isen) was a Benedictine abbey, later a collegiate foundation, at Isen in Bavaria, Germany.	Isen Abbey	Germany
country	The Verbandsliga Mecklenburg-Vorpommern was the last of the five leagues established at this level in former East Germany, a year after the other four.	Verbandsliga Mecklenburg-Vorpommern	Germany
country	Dettifoss is a waterfall in Vatnajökull National Park in Northeast Iceland, and is reputed to be the most powerful waterfall in Europe.	Dettifoss	Iceland
country	Moba Territory is a territory in Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Moba Territory	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Joleh Garan (Persian: جله گران‎, also Romanized as Joleh Garān; also known as Joleh Karān) is a village in Vilkij-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Namin County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Joleh Garan	Iran
country	Damadem is a remote village in Tivim, Goa, India.	Damadem	India
country	The Minghu Dam, renamed the Takuan Dam, is a concrete gravity dam on the Shuili River located 7 km (4.3 mi) north of Shuili Township in Nantou County, Taiwan.	Minghu Dam	Taiwan
country	Hanchuan (simplified Chinese: 汉川; traditional Chinese: 漢川; pinyin: Hànchuān) is a county-level city in east-central Hubei province, People's Republic of China.	Hanchuan	People's Republic of China
country	Rrajcë is a village and a former municipality in the Elbasan County, eastern Albania.	Rrajcë	Albania
country	It originates from the Panzella glacier near Pensi La, flows northwards and merges with the Indus River at Nurla 5 km (3.1 mi) below its confluence with the Dras River, after entering Pakistani-Administered Kashmir at Post 43 and Post 44 of India and Pakistan respectively.	Dras River	India
country	Daizang is a Zou village within Churachandpur district of Manipur, India.	Daizang	India
country	Hagvi (Armenian: Հագվի) is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Hagvi	Armenia
country	Groß Kedingshagen Manor (German: Herrenhaus Groß Kedingshagen) is a manor house in Kramerhof municipality, Germany.	Groß Kedingshagen Manor	Germany
country	The University of Quindío (Spanish: Universidad del Quindío), is a public institution and department in Colombia, under the Ministry of Education;	University of Quindío	Colombia
country	The Vals River (Afrikaans: Valsrivier) is a tributary of the Vaal River in the Free State, South Africa.	Vals River	South Africa
country	Machel Mata is a Goddess Durga shrine popularly known as Machail Mata is located in the village Machel, Kishtwar District of Jammu region in India.	Machel Mata	India
country	Bulleen Road is a 3 kilometre long road in north-eastern Melbourne, Australia serving the suburbs of Bulleen and Balwyn North, which can be seen as an alternative thoroughfare between Heidelberg and Doncaster via the Eastern Freeway.	Bulleen Road	Australia
country	Portlaw (Irish: Port Cládach or Port Lách) is a town in County Waterford, Ireland.	Portlaw	Ireland
country	Cagdanao is an island in the province of Palawan, Philippines.	Cagdanao	Philippines
country	Isfana Airport (Kyrgyz: Исфана аэропорту, Russian: Исфанинкий аэропорт, Uzbek: Isfana aeroporti) (IATA: none (ИФА), ICAO: UAFI) is an airport serving Isfana and Sulukta, towns in the Leilek District of Batken Region (oblast) of Kyrgyzstan.	Isfana Airport	Kyrgyzstan
country	Lycée Notre Dame de Sion Istanbul (Turkish: Notre Dame de Sion Özel Fransız Lisesi) is a French private high school located in Harbiye, Şişli neighborhood of Istanbul, Turkey.	Lycée Notre Dame de Sion Istanbul	Turkey
country	Brunnadern is village in the municipality of Neckertal in the Wahlkreis (constituency) of Toggenburg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.	Brunnadern	Switzerland
country	The Servet Tazegül Arena (Turkish: Servet Tazegül Spor Salonu) is a multi-purpose indoor arena located at Yenişehir district of Mersin, Turkey, named in honor of the Olympic, world and European champion taekwondo practitioner Servet Tazegül (born 1988).	Servet Tazegül Arena	Turkey
country	The Cape Town Stadium (Afrikaans: Kaapstad-stadion; Xhosa: Inkundla yezemidlalo yaseKapa) in Cape Town, South Africa is a stadium that was built for the 2010 FIFA World Cup.	Cape Town Stadium	South Africa
country	Mazraeh-ye Shahid Chamran (Persian: مزرعه شهيدچمران‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Shahīd Chamrān) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Shahid Chamran	Iran
country	Mevo Beitar (Hebrew: מְבוֹא בֵּיתָר, lit. Beitar Gateway) is a moshav shitufi in central Israel.	Mevo Beitar	Israel
country	Premraja is a small village with a population of around 500, located in District Ballia of Uttar Pradesh state, India.	Premraja	India
country	Biketawa is one of the twenty-four small islets which comprise the atoll of Tarawa in the Republic of Kiribati.	Biketawa	Kiribati
country	In the 1830s around 7,300 tremors were recorded and today Comrie records earth tremors more often, and to a higher intensity, than anywhere else in the United Kingdom.	Comrie	United Kingdom
country	Chahar Rah-e Soleyman (Persian: چهارراه سليمان‎, also Romanized as Chahār Rāh-e Soleymān) is a village in Olya Tayeb Rural District, in the Central District of Landeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Chahar Rah-e Soleyman	Iran
country	Stoke Mandeville Stadium was developed alongside the hospital and is the National Centre for Disability Sport in the United Kingdom, enhancing the hospital as a world centre for paraplegics and spinal injuries.	Stoke Mandeville	United Kingdom
country	There are no scheduled transport links between Chausey and the other Channel Islands, although between two and four daily shuttles link Chausey to mainland France, depending on the season.	Chausey	France
country	The church of the Santissima Trinità degli Spagnoli is a religious building in Naples, Italy, found in the piazza of the same name.	Santissima Trinità degli Spagnoli	Italy
country	Dolenje Kronovo (pronounced (dɔˈleːnjɛ ˈkɾoːnɔʋɔ)) is a village in the Municipality of Šmarješke Toplice in southeastern Slovenia.	Dolenje Kronovo	Slovenia
country	Begadawar is a village development committee of the Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of Nepal.	Begadawar	Nepal
country	Anjirak-e Paeen (Persian: انجیرک پایین ‎) is a village in Nosratabad Rural District, in the Corrin of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Anjirak-e Paeen	Iran
country	Tutunsez (Persian: توتونسز‎, also Romanized as Tūtūnsez; also known as Tutunsas, Tūtūnsīn, Tūtūnsīz, Tutunsus, and Tyutyunsis) is a village in Yurchi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Kuraim District, Nir County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Tutunsez	Iran
country	Inisheer Aerodrome (IATA: INQ, ICAO: EIIR) is located on the island of Inisheer (Irish: Inis Oírr), one of the Aran Islands in Galway Bay off the coast of County Galway, Ireland.	Inisheer Aerodrome	Ireland
country	Sant Boi de Llobregat (IPA: (ˈsam ˈbɔj ðə ʎuβɾəˈɣat)) is a town of 83,000 inhabitants (as of 2014) in the Barcelona province in Spain, located aside the Llobregat river.	Sant Boi de Llobregat	Spain
country	New Caloundra Light, also known as New Caloundra Head Light, is an inactive lighthouse located in Caloundra on the Sunshine Coast in South East Queensland, Australia.	New Caloundra Light	Australia
country	Busan International High School (Hangul: 부산국제고등학교; hanja: 釜山國際高等學校) is a prominent high school located in Busan, South Korea specializing in the humanities & social science.	Busan International High School	South Korea
country	Ciudad Darío (Spanish pronunciation: (sjuˈðað ðaˈɾi.o)) is a municipality in the Matagalpa department of Nicaragua.	Ciudad Darío	Nicaragua
country	Mystkowice (mɨstkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Mystkowice	Poland
country	Santhià railway station (Italian: Stazione di Santhià) is the main station serving the comune of Santhià, in the Piedmont region, northwestern Italy.	Santhià railway station	Italy
country	Brisbane Arts Theatre refers to both an independent theatre company in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia and the building in which it resides.	Brisbane Arts Theatre	Australia
country	Browns Mountain, also sometimes spelt Brown's Mountain, is a small submarine mountain -- a seamount -- lying in the south-western Pacific Ocean 38 km off the coast of New South Wales, Australia, about 50 km east of the city of Sydney.	Browns Mountain	Australia
country	Betpak-Dala or Betpaqdala (Kazakh: Бетпақдала, from Turkic batpak, ``swampy,'' or Persian bedbaht, ``unlucky'' and Turkic dala, ``plain''; Russian: Сeверная Голодная степь, lit. Hungry Steppe) is a desert region in Kazakhstan.	Betpak-Dala	Kazakhstan
country	The municipality was founded September 10, 1909, during the colonial period, under the name of Saint-Germain and was subsequently referred Ezzahra independence of Tunisia in honor of national fighter Lazhar Chraïti (1919-1962).	Ezzahra	Tunisia
country	Ostrołęka (ɔstrɔˈwɛŋka) is a town in northeastern Poland on the Narew river, about 120 km (75 mi) northeast of Warsaw, with a population of 52,792 (2014) and an area of 29 km2 (11 sq. mls).	Ostrołęka	Poland
country	Thoubal district (Pron:/ˈθɑʊbɑːl orˈθɑʊbəl/) is one of the nine districts of Manipur state in northeastern India.	Thoubal district	India
country	Sar Takaltu (Persian: سرتكلتو‎, also Romanized as Sar Takaltū; also known as Sar Taktalū) is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District, Sarshiv District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Sar Takaltu	Iran
country	IG Metall (German: Industriegewerkschaft Metall, ``Industrial Union of Metalworkers''') is the dominant metalworkers' union in Germany, making it the country's largest union as well as Europe's largest industrial union.	IG Metall	Germany
country	The Vătășnița River a tributary of the Pârâul Țigăncilor in Romania.	Vătășnița River	Romania
country	Bangkok Bank Ground (Thai: สนาม ธ.กรุงเทพ) is a stadium in Bangkok, Thailand.	Bangkok Bank Ground	Thailand
country	The Badia a Settimo or Abbazia dei Santi Salvatore e Lorenzo a Settimo is a Cluniac Benedictine abbey in the comune of Scandicci, near Florence in Tuscany, Italy.	Badia a Settimo	Italy
country	Bistak (Persian: بيستك‎, also Romanized as Bīstak; also known as Bī Āstūk) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District, Sarbuk District, Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Bistak	Iran
country	Zaagin Sala (Russian: Заагин Сала) is a rural locality (a settlement) in Tselinny District of the Republic of Kalmykia, Russia.	Zaagin Sala	Russia
country	Surigao del Sur State University is a state university, with its main campus in Tandag City, Surigao del Sur, Philippines and five satellite campuses in Cantilan, Lianga, Cagwait, San Miguel and Tagbina.	Surigao del Sur State University	Philippines
country	Toubul is a village under Bishnupur district of Manipur in India with a total population of around 4044 people as per 2001 census.	Toubul	India
country	Mujiharf (Persian: موج حرف ‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Mujiharf	Tajikistan
country	Dispilio (Greek: Δισπηλιό) is an archaeological site containing remains of a Neolithic lakeshore settlement that occupied an artificial island near the modern village of Dispilio on Lake Orestiada in Kastoria regional unit, Macedonia, Greece.	Dispilio	Greece
country	With a spire height of 140 metres (459 ft) and 40 floors, West Tower is Liverpool's tallest building, the joint 21st tallest in the United Kingdom (third tallest outside London) and the joint 118th tallest in the European Union.	West Tower	United Kingdom
country	Pano Koutrafas (Greek: Πάνω Κουτραφάς, Turkish: Kurtboğan) is a small village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, 3 km south of Kato Koutrafas.	Pano Koutrafas	Cyprus
country	Hoon Hay is an outer suburb of Christchurch, New Zealand, lying approximately 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) southwest of Cathedral Square, close to the Port Hills.	Hoon Hay	New Zealand
country	Princess Elizabeth Avenue, is an arterial road in central Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, that runs on a southwest to northeast path, cutting through the city's normal grid pattern.	Princess Elizabeth Avenue	Canada
country	Akdağ (Turkish: Akdağ, ``white mountain'') is the name of several different mountains in Turkey.	Akdağ	Turkey
country	Aboso is a town near Tarkwa, and is the capital of Wassa West district, a district in the Western Region of Ghana.	Aboso	Ghana
country	The Newfoundland People's Party was a political party in the Dominion of Newfoundland before it joined Canada.	Newfoundland People's Party	Canada
country	The Deer Park Mosque, is located in the Melbourne north-western suburb of Albanvale (adjacent to the suburb of Deer Park), in Victoria, Australia.	Deer Park Mosque	Australia
country	Lakkopetra (Greek: Λακκόπετρα) is a village and a community in the northeastern part of the municipal unit of Larissos, northwestern Achaea, Greece.	Lakkopetra	Greece
country	Keflavík International Airport (Icelandic: Keflavíkurflugvöllur) (IATA: KEF, ICAO: BIKF), also known as Reykjavík-Keflavík Airport, is the largest airport in Iceland and the country's main hub for international transportation.	Keflavík International Airport	Iceland
country	Grise Fiord, (Inuktitut: Aujuittuq, ``place that never thaws''; Inuktitut syllabics: ᐊᐅᔪᐃᑦᑐᖅ) is an Inuit hamlet in the Qikiqtaaluk Region in the territory of Nunavut, Canada.	Grise Fiord	Canada
country	Iso Omena (Finnish for ``Big Apple'') is a shopping centre in Matinkylä, Espoo, Finland, opened on September 24, 2001.	Iso Omena	Finland
country	Lacedonia Cathedral (Italian: Concattedrale di Santa Maria Assunta, Duomo di Lacedonia) is a Roman Catholic cathedral dedicated to the Assumption of the Virgin Mary in Lacedonia in Campania, Italy.	Lacedonia Cathedral	Italy
country	Essex Aluminum Plant is a former Ford Motor Company metal casting plant in Windsor, Ontario, Canada.	Essex Aluminum	Canada
country	Ratanda is a township south of Heidelberg in Gauteng, South Africa.	Ratanda	South Africa
country	Marina One (Chinese:滨海盛景) is a mixed-use development bounded by Marina Way and Straits View in Marina South, Singapore.	Marina One	Singapore
country	Drees & Sommer is an international consulting company working in the building and real estate sector with head office in Germany.	Drees & Sommer	Germany
country	Zapłocie (zaˈpwɔt͡ɕe) (German: Hospitalvorwerk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra, within Łobez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Zapłocie	Poland
country	Katiran-e Pain (Persian: كتيران پائين‎, also Romanized as Katīrān-e Pā’īn; also known as Katīrān-e Soflá, Ketīrā, Khatīrān, and Khetirān) is a village in Nahr-e Mian Rural District, Zalian District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Katiran-e Pain	Iran
country	Astana Giribangun, (also ``Giri Bangun''), is a mausoleum complex for the Suharto family of former President of the Republic of Indonesia.	Astana Giribangun	Indonesia
country	The Canton of Neufchâtel-en-Bray is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Normandy region of north-western France.	Canton of Neufchâtel-en-Bray	France
country	Piraeus station refers to two railway termini in the city of Piraeus, Greece, approximately 9 km south-west of the centre of Athens.	Piraeus station	Greece
country	The Malacca Sultanate Palace Museum (Malay: Muzium Istana Kesultanan Melaka) is a museum located in Malacca City, Malacca, Malaysia.	Malacca Sultanate Palace Museum	Malaysia
country	Silves Cathedral (Portuguese: Sé Catedral de Silves) in the city of Silves, in the Algarve region of southern Portugal, Built as a mosque during Moorish rule of Iberia later converted into cathedral after Reconquista.	Silves Cathedral	Portugal
country	The Province of L'Aquila (Provincia dell'Aquila) is the largest, most mountainous and least densely populated province of the Abruzzo region of Southern Italy.	Province of L'Aquila	Italy
country	Itacuruçá is a district of the municipality of Mangaratiba, in the Greater Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Itacuruçá	Brazil
country	Chahtun (Persian: چهتون‎, also Romanized as Chahtūn) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District, Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District, Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Chahtun	Iran
country	Rżaniec (ˈrʐaɲet͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszewo-Borki, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rżaniec	Poland
country	The Brampton Adult Training Centre was a minimum security correctional facility in Brampton, Ontario, Canada.	Brampton Adult Training Centre	Canada
country	Sir Winston Churchill High School is a senior high school in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Sir Winston Churchill High School	Canada
country	The Leipzig Marathon is an annual marathon race over the classic distance of 42 km and 195 metres held in the city of Leipzig, Germany since 1977.	Leipzig Marathon	Germany
country	Zhob Division was an administrative division of Balochistan Province, Pakistan, until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government.	Zhob Division	Pakistan
country	Gåsvær Chapel (Norwegian: Gåsvær kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Herøy in Nordland county, Norway.	Gåsvær Chapel	Norway
country	Aqqala (Persian: آق قلا‎, also Romanized as Āq Qalā) is a city in and capital of Aqqala County, in Golestan Province, in northern Iran.	Aqqala	Iran
country	Mazraeh-ye Ali Faqihi (Persian: مزرعه علي فقيهي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye ``Alī Faqīhī) is a village in Deh Chah Rural District, Poshtkuh District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Ali Faqihi	Iran
country	Brdarica (Serbian Cyrillic: Брдарица) is a village in Serbia.	Brdarica	Serbia
country	Shiroka is a village located near Shkodër, Albania.	Shiroka	Albania
country	Olovo is a town and municipality situated about 50 kilometers northeast of Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Olovo	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Mowtowr-e Anur Qalandar Zehi (Persian: بمپور انور قلندرزهي‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ānūr Qalandar Zehī) is a village in Bazman Rural District, Bazman District, Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Anur Qalandar Zehi	Iran
country	Camp Coëtquidan (Camp de Coëtquidan) is a French military educational facility located in the Morbihan department of Brittany in France.	Coëtquidan	France
country	Úterý (German: Neumarkt) is a town in the Czech Republic.	Úterý	Czech Republic
country	The Hohe Geest (``High Geest'') is a region in North Germany that consists of the old moraines and end moraines of the earlier ice ages.	Hohe Geest	Germany
country	Ganei Hadar (Hebrew: גַּנֵּי הָדָר, lit. Hadar Gardens) is a communal settlement in central Israel.	Ganei Hadar	Israel
country	Álftanes is a town and low-lying peninsula which extrudes from the eastern part of Reykjanes, located in Iceland's Capital Region.	Álftanes	Iceland
country	The 2015 UEFA Super Cup was a football match between Spanish teams Barcelona and Sevilla on 11 August 2015 at the Boris Paichadze Dinamo Arena in Tbilisi, Georgia.	2015 UEFA Super Cup	Georgia
country	Totland Church (Norwegian: Totland kyrkje) is a parish church in Vågsøy Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Totland Church	Norway
country	Tuilla (Asturian: Tiuya) is a small parish and former mining village in the municipality of Langreo, Asturias, North Spain.	Tuilla	Spain
country	Diara-Guerela is a town and sub-prefecture in the Beyla Prefecture in the Nzérékoré Region of south-eastern Guinea.	Diara-Guerela	Guinea
country	The Trudner Horn Nature Park (Italian: Parco naturale Monte Corno) is a nature reserve south of Bolzano in South Tyrol, Italy.	Trudner Horn Nature Park	Italy
country	The Robert Schumann Hochschule (Robert Schumann University of Music and Media) is a college for music studies on university level in Düsseldorf, Germany.	Robert Schumann Hochschule	Germany
country	Dřevíkov is a settlement in Chrudim District in the Czech Republic.	Dřevíkov	Czech Republic
country	Communist Party of the Canaries (in Spanish: Partido Comunista de Canarias), is the federation of the Communist Party of Spain (PCE) in the Canary Islands.	Communist Party of the Canaries	Spain
country	The Busu River is a river located near Lae, in Morobe Province of Papua New Guinea.	Busu River	Papua New Guinea
country	SMART Infrastructure Facility (SMART) in Wollongong, Australia is one of the largest research institutions in the world dedicated to helping governments and businesses better plan for the future.	SMART Infrastructure Facility	Australia
country	Slocene is a river in Zemgale, historical region of Latvia.	Slocene	Latvia
country	Qamea (pronounced (ŋɡaˈmea)) is one of three islets lying to the east of Thurston Point on the island of Taveuni, Fiji, the others being Matagi and Laucala.	Qamea	Fiji
country	The Peerage of Great Britain comprises all extant peerages created in the Kingdom of Great Britain after the Act of Union 1707 but before the Act of Union 1800.	Peerage of Great Britain	Kingdom of Great Britain
country	Broken Rites, or formally Broken Rites (Australia) Collective Inc., is an Australian non-profit organisation that is dedicated to exposing and denouncing cases in the Catholic sexual abuse scandal.	Broken Rites	Australia
country	Daku Balay (``Big House'') is the ancestral home of Don Generoso Villanueva, situated on Burgos Street, Bacolod City, Philippines.	Daku Balay	Philippines
country	Landes de Gascogne Regional Natural Park (French: Parc naturel régional des Landes de Gascogne) is a protected area of pine forest, wetland and oceanic coastline located in the Aquitaine region of southwestern France.	Landes de Gascogne Regional Natural Park	France
country	Piula Cave Pool (also known as Fatumea Pool) is a natural freshwater pool by the sea beneath the historic Methodist Chapel at Piula on the north coast of Upolu island in Samoa.	Piula Cave Pool	Samoa
country	Bishoftu (Amharic: ቢሾፍቱ) is a town and separate woreda of Ethiopia, lying south east of Addis Ababa.	Bishoftu	Ethiopia
country	The Kolari mine is a large iron mine located in northern Finland in the Lapland.	Kolari mine	Finland
country	Taiyafeh-ye Babakhan (Persian: طايفه باباخان‎, also Romanized as Ţāīyafeh-ye Bābākhān) is a village in Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Taiyafeh-ye Babakhan	Iran
country	Boa Saúde (formerly Januário Cicco) is a municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Norte in the Northeast region of Brazil.	Boa Saúde	Brazil
country	Koussourkou is a village in the Doufelgou Prefecture in the Kara Region of north-eastern Togo.	Koussourkou	Togo
country	Kenar Sar-e Arbabi (Persian: كنارسراربابي‎, also Romanized as Kenār Sar-e Ārbābī and Kanārsar-e Ārbābī) is a village in Gafsheh-ye Lasht-e Nesha Rural District, Lasht-e Nesha District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kenar Sar-e Arbabi	Iran
country	Côte-du-Sud is a provincial electoral district in the Bas-Saint-Laurent and Chaudière-Appalaches regions of Quebec, Canada, which elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec.	Côte-du-Sud	Canada
country	Veliki Jelnik (pronounced (ˈʋeːliki ˈjeːu̯nik); German: Großjeunig) is a small settlement above Blagovica in the Municipality of Lukovica in Central Slovenia.	Veliki Jelnik	Slovenia
country	The Roundabout Appreciation Society (UKRAS) is a group of people in the United Kingdom that discuss traffic roundabouts.	Roundabout Appreciation Society	United Kingdom
country	The Defence Housing Authority, Karachi, also known as the Pakistan Defence Officers Housing Authority, Karachi, or DHA, Karachi, is an upscale real estate and property development organisation administered by the Pakistan Army which develops housing for current and retired military personnel.	Defence Housing Authority, Karachi	Pakistan
country	The Accra International Conference Centre is an events venue in Accra, Ghana.	Accra International Conference Centre	Ghana
country	Hendavaneh-ye Pordesar (Persian: هندوانه پردسر‎, also Romanized as Hendavāneh-ye Pordesar; also known as Hendavāneh-ye Desar) is a village in Kenar Sar Rural District, Kuchesfahan District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Hendavaneh-ye Pordesar	Iran
country	Doç-Rrepisht (also known as Repisht i Poshtëm) is a settlement in the former Shkrel municipality, Shkodër County, northern Albania.	Doç-Rrepisht	Albania
country	Neyyattinkara is the land of many uprisings against British rule in India.	Neyyattinkara	India
country	Dobja Vas (pronounced (ˈdoːbja ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Dobja vas) is a settlement on the right bank of the Meža River and a neighborhood in urban area of Ravne na Koroškem in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia.	Dobja Vas	Slovenia
country	Cavnic (Hungarian: Kapnikbánya; German: Kapnik) is a former mining town situated in the valley of the same name, 26 km (16 mi) east of Baia Mare, in Maramureş County, northern Romania.	Cavnic	Romania
country	Oševek (pronounced (ɔˈʃeːʋək)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Oševek	Slovenia
country	Castaway Island, or Qalito, is an island of the Mamanuca Group in Fiji.	Castaway Island	Fiji
country	The Taruarau River is a river in the Hawke's Bay region of the eastern North Island of New Zealand.	Taruarau River	New Zealand
country	Kliszno (ˈkliʂnɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Manowo, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kliszno	Poland
country	Sri Moolam Thirunal Palace or SMP Palace or SMT Palace is a palace situated near the heart of the city of Kollam, in the state of Kerala, India.	Sri Moolam Thirunal Palace	India
country	Aureil (Occitan: Aurèlh) is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Limousin region in western France.	Aureil	France
country	Berat District (Albanian: Rrethi i Beratit) was one of the thirty-six districts of Albania, part of Berat County.	Berat District	Albania
country	Sheykhalijan (Persian: شيخعلي جان‎, also Romanized as Sheykh``alījān; also known as Sheykhlajān) is a village in Chaybasar-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Sheykhalijan	Iran
country	Slangkop Lighthouse is a lighthouse near the town of Kommetjie, near Cape Town, South Africa.	Slangkop Lighthouse	South Africa
country	Bernhartshöhe is directly adjacent to the crossing of the A 8 and A 81 motorways (Autobahnkreuz Stuttgart), two crucial traffic arteries of Southern Germany.	Bernhartshöhe	Germany
country	The Pedro e Inês bridge is a footbridge opened in 2007 in the town of Coimbra in Portugal.	Pedro e Inês bridge	Portugal
country	Norrköping Central Station (Swedish: Norrköpings centralstation) is a railway station located at Norrköping in Norrköping Municipality, Sweden.	Norrköping Central Station	Sweden
country	Godemarci (pronounced (ɡɔˈdeːmaɾtsi)) is a settlement in the Slovene Hills (Slovene: Slovenske gorice) in the Municipality of Ljutomer in northeastern Slovenia.	Godemarci	Slovenia
country	Luxbet is an online betting company based in the Northern Territory, Australia.	Luxbet	Australia
country	Muzarabani is a district, which is relatively flat and situated along the Mocambique-Zimbabwe border in Mashonaland Central province in Zimbabwe.	Muzarabani	Zimbabwe
country	Rooikoppies, also known as Marikana, is a town in Rustenburg local municipality, Bojanala Platinum District Municipality district in the North West province of South Africa.	Marikana	South Africa
country	The Bidong Island (Malay: Pulau Bidong) is one square kilometre in area and is situated off the coast of Terengganu, Malaysia in the South China Sea.	Bidong Island	Malaysia
country	Žihárec (Hungarian: Zsigárd) is a village and municipality in Šaľa District, in the Nitra Region of south-west Slovakia.	Žihárec	Slovakia
country	Head of the Herd is a band from Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Head of the Herd	Canada
country	Lębork ((ˈlɛmbɔrk); Kashubian: Lãbòrg; German: Lauenburg in Pommern ) is a town of 37,000 people on the Łeba and Okalica rivers in the Gdańsk Pomerania region in northwestern Poland.	Lębork	Poland
country	Mücka (Upper Sorbian: Mikow) is a municipality in the district Görlitz, Saxony, Germany.	Mücka	Germany
country	The Suffield Public Schools system is a school district based in Suffield, Connecticut in the United States of America.	Suffield Public Schools	United States of America
country	Cherani is a location in Manjeri Municipality in Malappuram district of Kerala state of South India.	Cherani	India
country	Penycwm was also the location for the United Kingdom's first 5-star youth hostel.	Penycwm	United Kingdom
country	The Cairo Military Academy Stadium (Arabic: إستاد الكلية الحربية بالقاهرة‎ Istād al-Kullīyah al-Ḥarbīyah bil-Qāhira) is located in Cairo, Egypt and has a total capacity of 22,000.	Cairo Military Academy Stadium	Egypt
country	The Pur River (Russian: Пур) is a river in the Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug in Russia.	Pur River	Russia
country	They have an organization All India Narsingpura Mahasabha.	Narsingpura	India
country	Ukrid is a village in Chas Tehsil, Bokaro District, India, situated on the NH 23 roadway.	Ukrid	India
country	Valapad is a village situated in the Thrissur district in the state of Kerala in southern India.	Valapad	India
country	Chah-e Zendegani (Persian: چاه زندگاني‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Zendegānī) is a village in Mishan Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Chah-e Zendegani	Iran
country	Udrzyn (ˈudʐɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańszczyk, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Udrzyn	Poland
country	Le Kremlin-Bicêtre is a commune in the southern suburbs of Paris, France.	Le Kremlin-Bicêtre	France
country	Quéménéven (Kemeneven in Breton) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Quéménéven	France
country	The Dead Cities (Arabic: المدن الميتة‎) or Forgotten Cities (Arabic: المدن المنسية‎) are a group of 700 abandoned settlements in northwest Syria between Aleppo and Idlib.	Dead Cities	Syria
country	Ķegums ( pronunciation ; German: Keggum)) is a town in Latvia, the administrative centre of Ķegums Municipality on the right bank of the Daugava River.	Ķegums	Latvia
country	Museum of Photography, Thessaloniki is located in Thessaloniki, Central Macedonia, Greece.	Museum of Photography, Thessaloniki	Greece
country	Popiele (pɔˈpjɛlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfice, within Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Popiele	Poland
country	Namak-ri is a small town in Samhyang-myeon, which is part of Muan County in South Jeolla province of South Korea.	Namak-ri	South Korea
country	Prasinada (Greek: Πρασινάδα) is a village in the municipality of Alexandreia, Imathia, Greece.	Prasinada	Greece
country	La Lande-Chasles is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France.	La Lande-Chasles	France
country	Radonezh (Russian: Радонеж), formerly known as Gorodok (Городо́к) is a historic village in Moscow Oblast, Russia, located about 15 kilometers (9.3 mi) from Sergiyev Posad.	Radonezh	Russia
country	The Korean People's Army Air Force, (Chosŏn'gŭl: 조선인민군 공군; Hanja: 朝鮮人民軍 空軍), is the appellation of the unified aviation forces of North Korea.	Korean People's Army Air Force	North Korea
country	Khalafabad-e Lishtar (Persian: خلف ابادليشتر‎, also Romanized as Khalafābād-e Līshtar; also known as Khalafābād) is a village in Lishtar Rural District, in the Central District of Gachsaran County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Khalafabad-e Lishtar	Iran
country	Wilhering Abbey (German: Stift Wilhering) is a Cistercian monastery in Wilhering in Upper Austria, about 8 km (5 mi) from Linz.	Wilhering Abbey	Austria
country	Halib Mentel, also referred to as Halibmentel or Halimentel, is a village in Eritrea.	Halib Mentel	Eritrea
country	Santa Teresa Gallura (Gallurese: Lungòni, Sardinian: Lungone) is a town on the northern tip of Sardinia, on the Strait of Bonifacio, in the province of Olbia-Tempio, Italy.	Santa Teresa Gallura	Italy
country	Klæbu is a village and municipality in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Klæbu	Norway
country	The Tomb of the Roaring Lions is an archaeological site at the ancient city of Veii, Italy.	Tomb of the Roaring Lions	Italy
country	Warsaw (Polish: Warszawa (varˈʂava); see also other names) is the capital and largest city of Poland.	Warsaw	Poland
country	Achutupo Airport (IATA: ACU) is an airport serving the island town of Achutupo, in the San Blas archipelago of Panama.	Achutupo Airport	Panama
country	Solban (also, Tsolban) is a village in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Solban	Azerbaijan
country	Ruh Kandi (Persian: روح كندي‎, also Romanized as Rūḩ Kandī; also known as Orūf Kandī) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Ruh Kandi	Iran
country	Sominy (sɔˈminɨ) (Kashubian: Sominë) is a village in Gmina Studzienice, Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sominy	Poland
country	Tétange (Luxembourgish: Téiteng, German: Tetingen) is a town in the commune of Kayl, in south-western Luxembourg.	Tétange	Luxembourg
country	Kfar Truman (Hebrew: כְּפַר טְרוּמַן, lit. Truman Village) is a moshav in central Israel.	Kfar Truman	Israel
country	Skolity (skɔˈlitɨ) (German Schlitt) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świątki, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Skolity	Poland
country	Sevanavank (Armenian: Սևանավանք; meaning Sevan Monastery) is a monastic complex located on a peninsula at the northwestern shore of Lake Sevan in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia, not far from the town of Sevan.	Sevanavank	Armenia
country	Loučná pod Klínovcem (German: Böhmisch Wiesenthal) is a town in the Czech Republic.	Loučná pod Klínovcem	Czech Republic
country	The San Diego Pro-cathedral, formerly known as the San Diego Parish Church or the St. Didacus Parish Church before its declaration as a pro-cathedral in 1994, is an early 20th-century church in Silay City, Negros Occidental in the Philippines.	San Diego Pro-cathedral	Philippines
country	Rendova Island is an island, one of the New Georgia Islands of Solomon Islands in the South Pacific, east of Papua New Guinea.	Rendova Island	Solomon Islands
country	Bughda Daghi (Persian: بوغداداغي‎, also Romanized as Būghdā Dāghī; also known as Boghdeh Dāghī) is a village in Il Teymur Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bughda Daghi	Iran
country	The Waimakariri Gorge is located on the Waimakariri River in inland Canterbury in the South Island of New Zealand.	Waimakariri Gorge	New Zealand
country	Mole Creek is a town in the upper Mersey Valley, in the central north of Tasmania, Australia.	Mole Creek	Australia
country	The Karale Glacier is one of the major glaciers in the area north of Kuummiit, Greenland.	Karale Glacier	Greenland
country	Mandraka Dam is a gravity dam on the Mandraka River near Mandraka in the Analamanga Region of Madagascar.	Mandraka Dam	Madagascar
country	Hantsport railway station in Hantsport, Nova Scotia, Canada, was built in 1944 as a replacement for an earlier building destroyed by fire in 1943.	Hantsport railway station	Canada
country	Saint-Pierre-du-Mont Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield which is located in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France.	Saint-Pierre-du-Mont Airfield	France
country	The Geislinger Steige (``Geislingen climb'') is an old trade route over the low mountain range of the Swabian Jura in southern Germany.	Geislinger Steige	Germany
country	Lake Suğla (Turkish: Suğla Gölü) is a large lake in Konya Province, southwestern part of Turkey.	Lake Suğla	Turkey
country	The settlement of Harington Point (often incorrectly spelt Harrington Point) lies within the boundaries of the city of Dunedin, New Zealand.	Harington Point	New Zealand
country	Ali Seyyed (Persian: علي سيد‎, also Romanized as ``Alī Seyyed) is a village in Tankaman Rural District, Tankaman District, Nazarabad County, Alborz Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 264, in 68 families.	Ali Seyyed	Iran
country	In 1997, ARCO Group prepares for the takeover of Paribas (Belgium, Netherlands) by BACOB.	ARCO Group	Belgium
country	Ləngəbiz (also, Lengebiz and Lyangyabiz) is a village and municipality in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ləngəbiz	Azerbaijan
country	Urbano Noris is a municipality and city in the Holguín Province of Cuba.	Urbano Noris	Cuba
country	Mirakowo (miraˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmża, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Mirakowo	Poland
country	The Federal University of Grande Dourados (Portuguese: Universidade Federal da Grande Dourados, UFGD) is a Brazilian public institution which is located in the city of Dourados, state of Mato Grosso do Sul, Brazil.	Federal University of Grande Dourados	Brazil
country	Chino Roces Avenue, formerly known as (and still commonly referred to as) Pasong Tamo, is a prominent north-south road in Makati, Metro Manila, Philippines.	Chino Roces Avenue	Philippines
country	The Quema House is the ancestral home of the Quema family in the Philippines.	Quema House	Philippines
country	Reinberg is a village and in the municipality of Sundhagen and lies between Stralsund and Greifswald on the B 105 federal road in northeastern Germany.	Reinberg	Germany
country	Hai Phong Medical University (Vietnamese: Đại học Y Hải Phòng, abbr.: HPMU) is a public university established in September 1979 in Hai Phong, Vietnam.	Hai Phong Medical University	Vietnam
country	Topoloveni (Romanian pronunciation: (topoloˈvenʲ)) is a town in Argeş County, Romania on the Cârcinov River.	Topoloveni	Romania
country	Zakrzewo Słomy (zaˈkʂɛvɔ ˈswɔmɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nur, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Zakrzewo Słomy	Poland
country	The Ongi River (Mongolian: Онги гол) flows through the endorheic Ongi River Basin in Mongolia and past Arvaikheer.	Ongi River	Mongolia
country	Nowy Nakwasin (ˈnɔvɨ nakˈfaɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźminek, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nowy Nakwasin	Poland
country	Nimgan (Persian: نيمگان‎, also Romanized as Nīmgān) is a village in Irandegan Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Nimgan	Iran
country	After the Italian occupation of Kastelorizo, Kekova -- which at that time was temporarily inhabited during summer because of wood harvest -- was disputed between Italy and Turkey.	Kekova	Turkey
country	Jigani Hobli is located in Anekal taluk in South Bangalore, India and is situated at a distance of 43 km from Bangalore city railway station.	Jigani	India
country	Turmanin (Arabic: ترمانين‎) is a town in northern Syria, administratively part of the Idlib Governorate, located north of Idlib.	Turmanin	Syria
country	Porośl-Wojsławy (ˈpɔrɔɕl vɔi̯ˈswavɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Porośl-Wojsławy	Poland
country	Phra Prong Bridge is a three-span railway bridge located in Thailand, that crosses the Phra Prong Canal.	Phra Prong Bridge	Thailand
country	Barkeh Gol (Persian: بركه گل‎) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Barkeh Gol	Iran
country	Somport or Col du Somport, known also as the Aspe Pass or Canfranc Pass, (el. 1632 m.) is a mountain pass in the central Pyrenees on the border of France and Spain.	Somport	Spain
country	The Southern Thule territory is claimed by Argentina and the United Kingdom.	Southern Thule	United Kingdom
country	Seodaemun Independence Park (서대문독립공원) is an educational and cultural park located in Hyunjeo-dong, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul, South Korea.	Seodaemun Independence Park	South Korea
country	The Sierra de Falcón consists of a series of mountains located in Venezuela's Falcón State of relatively low altitude, mostly formed by the Sierra de San Luis and the Sierra de Churuguara.	Sierra de Falcón	Venezuela
country	Athipattu (Tamil: அத்திப்பட்டு) is a census town in Chennai in Thiruvallur district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Athipattu	India
country	Under the Lombards, Spoleto became the capital of an independent duchy, the Duchy of Spoleto (from 570), and its dukes ruled a considerable part of central Italy.	Spoleto	Italy
country	Rekun (Persian: ركون‎, also Romanized as Rekūn) is a village in Pazevar Rural District, Rudbast District, Babolsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Rekun	Iran
country	Palazzo Chiaramonte-Steri is a historical palace in Palermo, Sicily, southern Italy.	Palazzo Chiaramonte	Italy
country	The Kallerup Stone, designated as runic inscription DR 250 in the Rundata system, is a memorial runestone which is located in Hedehusene, Høje-Taastrup Municipality, on the island of Zealand in eastern Denmark.	Kallerup Stone	Denmark
country	The 2013 United States motorcycle Grand Prix (formally known as the 2013 Red Bull U.S. Grand Prix) was the ninth round of the 2013 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season, and the second of three races in the 2013 season to take place in the United States of America.	2013 United States motorcycle Grand Prix	United States of America
country	Dąbrówka Podłężna (dɔmˈbrufka pɔdˈwɛ̃ʐna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Dąbrówka Podłężna	Poland
country	Gowhar Kuh Shahrak (Persian: گوهركوه شهرك‎, also Romanized as Gowhar Kūh Shahrak; also known as Gohar Kūh, Gowhar Kūh, and Gwār Kūh) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Gowhar Kuh Shahrak	Iran
country	The map drew Malaysia's maritime boundary running in a southeast direction in the Celebes Sea from the eastmost point of the Indonesia-Malaysia land border on the eastern shore of Sebatik island, thus including the Ambalat blocks, or at least a large portion of it, within Malaysian territorial waters.	Ambalat	Indonesia
country	Ballintubber, officially Ballintober (Irish: Baile an Tobair, meaning ``settlement of the well''), is a village in County Mayo, Ireland, famous for Ballintubber Abbey which was founded in 1216.	Ballintubber	Ireland
country	The Musée d'Art Contemporain du Val-de-Marne, nicknamed MAC/VAL, is a museum of contemporary art located in the Place de la Libération in Vitry-sur-Seine, Val-de-Marne, a suburb of Paris, France.	Musée d'Art Contemporain du Val-de-Marne	France
country	The Rewa River is the widest river in Fiji.	Rewa River	Fiji
country	Undla is a village and settlement in Kadrina Parish, Lääne-Viru County, in northeastern Estonia.	Undla	Estonia
country	Darrick Wood School is a mixed secondary school in Orpington, London Borough of Bromley, United Kingdom with a current roll of 1785 pupils.	Darrick Wood School	United Kingdom
country	Haykasar (Armenian: Հայկասար, also Romanized as Aykasar; formerly, Saribash) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Haykasar	Armenia
country	Phaq'u Tanka (Aymara phaq'u, paqu, p'aqu light brown, reddish, blond, dark chestnut, tanka hat or biretta, ``chestnut coloured hat (or biretta)'', hispanicized spelling Pacotanca) is a mountain in the Andes of southern Peru, about 5,000 metres (16,404 ft) high.	Phaq'u Tanka	Peru
country	The Bauman Moscow State Technical University, Bauman MSTU (Russian: Московский государственный технический университет им. Н. Э. Баумана (МГТУ им. Н. Э. Баумана)), sometimes colloquially referred to as the Bauman School or Baumanka (Russian: Ба́уманка) is a public technical university (Polytechnic) located in Moscow, Russia.	Bauman Moscow State Technical University	Russia
country	Grądy-Michały (ˈɡrɔndɨ miˈxawɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Grądy-Michały	Poland
country	Ravnefjeldet (Raven Mountain) (308 metres), also known as Quassik is a mountain close to Nanortalik in the tip of southern Greenland	Ravnefjeldet	Greenland
country	Gavaher (Persian: گواهر‎, also Romanized as Gavāher; also known as Gavāhīr) is a village in Yengejeh Rural District, Howmeh District, Azarshahr County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gavaher	Iran
country	Anar County (Persian: شهرستان انار‎) is a county in Kerman Province in Iran.	Anar County	Iran
country	Paravakar (Armenian: Պառավաքար), is a village in the Tavush Province of Armenia.	Paravakar	Armenia
country	The Zevende Klasse (English: Seventh Class) was the eleventh and lowest tier of football in the Netherlands and the ninth tier of Dutch amateur football.	Zevende Klasse	Netherlands
country	The Gajanan Maharaj Temples were built to honor Shri Sant Gajanan Maharaj, a late-nineteenth--, early-twentieth-century Indian holy man known to many people in Maharashtra, India.	Gajanan Maharaj Temples	India
country	Mowtowr-e Nowruz (Persian: موتورنوروز‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Nowrūz) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Nowruz	Iran
country	Jebel el Gharbi (Arabic: جَبَل لُبْنَان ‎) is a mountain in central Lebanon.	Jebel el Gharbi	Lebanon
country	Włoszakowice (vwɔʂakɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in Leszno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Włoszakowice	Poland
country	Darmishan (Persian: درميشان‎, also Romanized as Darmīshān) is a village in Fin Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Darmishan	Iran
country	Sentani Airport (Indonesian: Bandar Udara Sentani) (IATA: DJJ, ICAO: WAJJ) is an airport serving Jayapura, the capital of Papua province, Indonesia, on the island of New Guinea.	Sentani Airport	Indonesia
country	Cluny Convent High School, Malleswaram, India, has been in existence since the year 1948.	Cluny Convent High School, Malleswaram	India
country	Kalagunan is a village on the west coast of New Ireland, Papua New Guinea.	Kalagunan	Papua New Guinea
country	Brensbach is a community in the Odenwaldkreis (district) in Hesse, Germany.	Brensbach	Germany
country	Wieringermeer ((ˈʋiːrɪŋərˌmeːr)) is a former municipality and a polder in the Netherlands, in the province of North Holland.	Wieringermeer	Netherlands
country	Pondok Indah is an upscale residential area in Kebayoran Lama, South Jakarta, Indonesia.	Pondok Indah	Indonesia
country	The Clam-Gallas Palace (Czech: Clam-Gallasovský palác) is a Baroque palace in Prague, the capital of the Czech Republic.	Clam-Gallas Palace	Czech Republic
country	Begemder (also Gondar or Gonder after its 20th century capital) was a province in the northwestern part of Ethiopia.	Begemder	Ethiopia
country	The Tel Aviv Museum of Art (Hebrew: מוזיאון תל אביב לאמנות‎ Muze'on Tel Aviv Lamanut) is an art museum in Tel Aviv, Israel.	Tel Aviv Museum of Art	Israel
country	Belchite is a municipality and village in the province of Zaragoza, Spain, about 40 km southeast of Zaragoza.	Belchite	Spain
country	Moasseseh-ye Hajj Mehdi Dowlati (Persian: موسسه حاج مهدي دولتي‎, also Romanized as Moasseseh-ye Ḩājj Mehdī Dowlatī) is a village in Mollasani Rural District, in the Central District of Bavi County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Moasseseh-ye Hajj Mehdi Dowlati	Iran
country	Əmillər is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Əmillər	Azerbaijan
country	The Malaysian Administrative Modernisation and Management Planning Unit (MAMPU) (Malay : Unit Pemodenan Tadbiran dan Perancangan Pengurusan Malaysia) is one of the prominent (MAMPU Portal, Malaysia )government agencies in Malaysia, that is responsible for 'modernising and reforming' the public sector.	MAMPU	Malaysia
country	The Mildura railway line is a railway line in Victoria, Australia.	Mildura railway line	Australia
country	The Lobodome (officially Lobodome de la UAD a Mazatlan) is a 3,000-seat indoor arena located in Mazatlan, Sinaloa, Mexico.	Lobodome	Mexico
country	Tropea (Italian pronunciation: (troˈpɛːa); ancient Trapeia; Τράπεια in Ancient Greek) is a municipality located within the province of Vibo Valentia, in Calabria (southern Italy).	Tropea	Italy
country	Qezeljeh-ye Qomeshlu (Persian: قزلجه قمشلو‎, also Romanized as Qezeljeh-ye Qomeshlū; also known as Qezeljeh) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qezeljeh-ye Qomeshlu	Iran
country	FC Zimbru Chișinău is a Moldovan football club based in Chișinău, the capital of Moldova.	FC Zimbru Chișinău	Moldova
country	Pietrowice Wielkie (pjɛtrɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) (German: Groß Peterwitz) is a village in Racibórz County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the Czech border.	Pietrowice Wielkie	Poland
country	Penna Ahobilam is place near Anantapur, Andhra Pradesh, India, located 12 km from Uravakonda and 36 km from Anantapur.	Penna Ahobilam	India
country	The Coorongooba Creek, a perennial stream of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment, is located in the Central Tablelands region of New South Wales, Australia.	Coorongooba Creek	Australia
country	The Christmas Hurricane of 1902 (Danish: Julestormen 1902, Swedish: Julorkanen 1902) struck Denmark and Sweden on December 25, 1902.	Christmas Hurricane of 1902	Denmark	Sweden
country	Ontiñena (Spanish: (ontiˈɲena)) or Ontinyena (Catalan pronunciation: (untiˈɲɛnə), locally: (ontiˈɲɛna)) is a municipality located in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain.	Ontiñena	Spain
country	Roeser (Luxembourgish: Réiser) is a commune and small town in southern Luxembourg.	Roeser	Luxembourg
country	British Garrison Cemetery (also known as the Kandy Garrison Cemetery) is a British cemetery in Kandy, Sri Lanka, for British nationals who died in Ceylon.	British Garrison Cemetery	Sri Lanka
country	The University of Ottawa Heart Institute (UOHI) is Canada's largest and foremost cardiovascular health centre.	University of Ottawa Heart Institute	Canada
country	Kvalsund Bridge (Norwegian: Kvalsundbrua) is a suspension bridge in Kvalsund Municipality, Finnmark county, Norway.	Kvalsund Bridge	Norway
country	Navoi International Airport (IATA: NVI, ICAO: UTSA) is an airport of entry in Navoi, Uzbekistan.	Navoi International Airport	Uzbekistan
country	The Office of the Ontario Ombudsman is a branch of the Ontario provincial legislature in Canada.	Ontario Ombudsman	Canada
country	Der Hamburger und Germania Ruder Club (DHuGRC) is a rowing club from Rotherbaum, Hamburg, Germany.	Der Hamburger und Germania Ruder Club	Germany
country	Liguasan Marsh is a marsh in the Mindanao River basin in the southern island of Mindanao, Philippines.	Liguasan Marsh	Philippines
country	The Proveniershuis is a hofje and former schutterij on the Grote Houtstraat in Haarlem, Netherlands.	Proveniershuis	Netherlands
country	The Kitchener railway station is located in Kitchener, Ontario, Canada, slightly to the northeast of downtown Kitchener, at 126 Weber Street West, near the corner of Victoria Street.	Kitchener railway station	Canada
country	Murtak-e Pain (Persian: مورتك پائين‎, also Romanized as Mūrtak-e Pā’īn; also known as Mūrtak and Mūrtak-e Bālā) is a village in Eskelabad Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Murtak-e Pain	Iran
country	The Shigar Valley is a valley in Baltistan in northern Pakistan that is watered by the Shigar River.	Shigar Valley	Pakistan
country	Naukšēni is a village in Naukšēni municipality, Latvia, and the centre of Naukšēni parish.	Naukšēni	Latvia
country	The Muséum d'Histoire Naturelle de Rouen (Natural History Museum) is a museum in Rouen, northern France, founded in 1828 by Félix Archimède Pouchet.	Muséum d'Histoire Naturelle de Rouen	France
country	Mandritsara (maɳɖʐiˈtsarə̥) is a city and commune (commune urbain, Malagasy: kaominina) in northern Madagascar.	Mandritsara	Madagascar
country	Qırılı (also, Kyryly) is a village and municipality in the Agstafa Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qırılı	Azerbaijan
country	The Danish People's Party (DPP) (Danish: Dansk Folkeparti, DF) is a political party in Denmark which is generally described as right-wing populist by academics and far-right by international media.	Danish People's Party	Denmark
country	Bolugur (Russian: Болугур) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Bolugursky Rural Okrug in Amginsky District of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 53 kilometers (33 mi) from Amga, the administrative center of the district.	Bolugur	Russia
country	Millka (Aymara for divisions with lines within a sown field, Quechua for the space between two furrows or boundaries, also spelled Millqa) is an archaeological site in Peru.	Millka	Peru
country	The Huron Historic Gaol was established as the Huron County Gaol (Jail) for Upper Canada's Huron District.	Huron Historic Gaol	Canada
country	German submarine U-3519 was a Type XXI U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The Elektroboote submarine was laid down on 19 September 1944 at the Schichau-Werke yard at Danzig, launched on 23 November 1944, and commissioned on 6 January 1945 under the command of Kapitänleutnant Richard von Harpe.	German submarine U-3519	Germany
country	Delices is a small village in the Caribbean nation of Dominica.	Delices	Dominica
country	Khandud (Khandut) is a village in Badakhshan Province in north-eastern Afghanistan.	Khandud	Afghanistan
country	The name Damaraland predates South African control of Namibia, and was described as ``the central portion of German South-West Africa'' in the Encyclopædia Britannica Eleventh Edition.	Damaraland	South-West Africa
country	The Bento Gomes River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.	Bento Gomes River	Brazil
country	Onaiza is a north-eastern district of Doha, Qatar.	Onaiza	Qatar
country	Frankfurt (Main) Hauptbahnhof (German for Frankfurt (Main) main station), often abbreviated as Frankfurt (Main) Hbf and sometimes translated as Frankfurt central station, is the busiest railway station in Frankfurt, Germany.	Frankfurt (Main) Hauptbahnhof	Germany
country	The Cross for the Four Day Marches (Dutch: Vierdaagsekruis) is an Dutch decoration awarded for successful participation in the International Four Days Marches Nijmegen (Vierdaagse in Dutch) held annually at Nijmegen, Netherlands.	Cross for the Four Day Marches	Netherlands
country	Mazraeh-ye Emamzadeh Esmail (Persian: مزرعه امامزاده اسماعيل‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Emāmzādeh Esmā``īl) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Emamzadeh Esmail	Iran
country	Tinuy-an Falls is a multi-tiered waterfall in Bislig, Surigao del Sur in the southern island of Mindanao, Philippines.	Tinuy-an Falls	Philippines
country	Comodoro Rivadavia Cathedral is the cathedral church of Comodoro Rivadavia, Chubut Province, Argentina.	Comodoro Rivadavia Cathedral	Argentina
country	Division No. 1, Saskatchewan, Canada, is one of the eighteen census divisions with the province, as defined by Statistics Canada.	Division No. 1, Saskatchewan	Canada
country	The Banda Sea is a sea in the Maluku Islands of Indonesia, connected to the Pacific Ocean but surrounded by hundreds of islands, as well as the Halmahera and Ceram Seas.	Banda Sea	Indonesia
country	The Ventspils District (Latvian: Ventspils rajons) was an administrative division of Latvia, located in the Courland region, in the country's west.	Ventspils District	Latvia
country	Kiczarowo (kit͡ʂaˈrɔvɔ) (formerly German Kitzerow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stargard Szczeciński, within Stargard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kiczarowo	Poland
country	NZMuseums is a website which provides digital access to around 400 of New Zealand's museums and galleries and their collections.	NZMuseums	New Zealand
country	The Verona Arena (Arena di Verona) is a Roman amphitheatre in Piazza Bra in Verona, Italy built in 1st century.	Verona Arena	Italy
country	Hoit (Persian: هایـِت ‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Hoit	Tajikistan
country	Tuyabuguz Reservoir (Uzbek: Туябугоз сув омбори), also known as the Tashmore or Tashkentskoye more (Russian: Ташкентское море) is artificial lake located in Tashkent Province, 30 km (19 mi) south of Tashkent, Uzbekistan.	Tuyabuguz Reservoir	Uzbekistan
country	The Barbar Temple is an archaeological site located in the village of Barbar, Bahrain, and considered to be part of the Dilmun culture.	Barbar Temple	Bahrain
country	Mansur Kandeh (Persian: منصوركنده‎, also Romanized as Manşūr Kandeh) is a village in Feyziyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mansur Kandeh	Iran
country	Puzeh-ye Chaharabi (Persian: پوزه چهارابي‎, also Romanized as Pūzeh-ye Chahārābī) is a village in Mobarakabad Rural District, in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.	Puzeh-ye Chaharabi	Iran
country	Acebedo (Leonese: Acebéu), is a municipality located in the northeast of the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Acebedo	Spain
country	The Movement for Solidarity, Union and Progress (French: Mouvement pour la Solidarité, l'Union et le Progrès, MSUP) was a political party in Benin led Adebo Adeniyi Djamiou.	Movement for Solidarity, Union and Progress	Benin
country	The Luvua River (or Lowa River) is a river in the Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).	Luvua River	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Colombres (Tucumán) is a settlement in Tucumán Province in northern Argentina.	Colombres	Argentina
country	Kabiny (kaˈbinɨ) (German Kabinen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kabiny	Poland
country	Vira bruk is a village and an historic iron works in Österåker in Sweden.	Vira bruk	Sweden
country	Mittlerspitz is a mountain on the border of Liechtenstein and Switzerland in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps east of the town of Balzers, with a height of 1,897 metres (6,224 ft).	Mittlerspitz	Liechtenstein	Switzerland
country	The Bibliothèque de la Sorbonne (officially, ``Bibliothèque interuniversitaire de la Sorbonne''; translation, ``'Sorbonne Interuniversity Library''') is an inter-university library in Paris, France.	Bibliothèque de la Sorbonne	France
country	Gabersee is a borough of the town Wasserburg am Inn in Bavaria in Germany.	Gabersee	Germany
country	Unity University is the first privately owned institute of higher learning to be awarded full-fledged university status in Ethiopia by the Ministry of Education.	Unity University	Ethiopia
country	The Rock Paintings of Sierra de San Francisco is the name of the prehistoric rock art pictographs found in the Sierra de San Francisco mountain range in Mulegé Municipality of the northern region of Baja California Sur state, in Mexico.	Rock Paintings of Sierra de San Francisco	Mexico
country	Zlynka (Russian: Злы́нка) is a town and the administrative center of Zlynkovsky District in Bryansk Oblast, Russia, located on the Zlynka River 225 kilometers (140 mi) southwest of Bryansk, the administrative center of the oblast, and close to the border with Belarus.	Zlynka	Russia
country	Wasit Governorate (Arabic: واسط Wāsit‎) is a governorate in eastern Iraq, bordering Iran.	Wasit Governorate	Iraq
country	Plaid Cymru (Welsh pronunciation: (plaɪd ˈkəmrɨ); English pronunciation: /ˌplaɪd ˈkʌmri/; officially Plaid Cymru -- the Party of Wales, often referred to simply as Plaid) is a social-democratic political party in Wales advocating for an independent Wales from the United Kingdom within the European Union.	Plaid Cymru	United Kingdom
country	Khareh Bardashan (Persian: خره بردشان‎, also Romanized as Khareh Bardashān) is a village in Lahijan Rural District, in the Central District of Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khareh Bardashan	Iran
country	Kocurany (Hungarian: Kocurány) is a village and municipality in Prievidza District in the Trenčín Region of western Slovakia.	Kocurany	Slovakia
country	Dambullagama is not a village in Sri Lanka.	Dambullagama	Sri Lanka
country	Ghulam Khan is on the border between Pakistan and Afghanistan.	Ghulam Khan	Afghanistan
country	Yerragunta is a village in the Chandrugonda mandal of Khammam district in Telangana, India.	Yerragunta	India
country	The Jenolan Caves (Tharawal: Binoomea, Bindo, Binda) are limestone caves located within the Jenolan Karst Conservation Reserve in the Central Tablelands region, west of the Blue Mountains, in New South Wales, in eastern Australia.	Jenolan Caves	Australia
country	Kuseh Piri (Persian: كوسه پيري‎, also Romanized as Kūseh Pīrī) is a village in Saruq Rural District, Takht-e Soleyman District, Takab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kuseh Piri	Iran
country	Bosques de las Lomas is a colonia, or officially recognized neighborhood, located in western Mexico City.	Bosques de las Lomas	Mexico
country	Rzeszotków (ʐɛˈʂɔtkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rzeszotków	Poland
country	Agde Cathedral (Cathédrale Saint-Étienne d'Agde) is a Roman Catholic cathedral dedicated to Saint Stephen located in Agde in the Hérault département of southern France.	Agde Cathedral	France
country	Trojane (pronounced (tɾɔˈjaːnɛ); Latin: Atrans, German: Trojana) is a settlement in the Municipality of Lukovica in central Slovenia.	Trojane	Slovenia
country	Dragmarpo Ri is a mountain on the border between Nepal and People's Republic of China.	Dragmarpo Ri	People's Republic of China
country	The Basin Music Festival is held in March each year in the small fringe suburb/village of The Basin at the foot of Mount Dandenong, on the eastern outskirts of Melbourne, Australia.	The Basin Music Festival	Australia
country	From 3 March 2008 to 2 December 2009, a German version of GamesTM was released on a (bi)monthly schedule in Germany, Austria and Switzerland.	GamesTM	Germany
country	Khuzdar (Brahui/Balochi: خوزدار, Khuzdār; Urdu: خضدار‎) is the capital city of the Khuzdar District of central Balochistan, Pakistan.	Khuzdar	Pakistan
country	Karalam is a small village in Thrissur district in Kerala state of India, known for its scenic beauty.	Karalam	India
country	Parnell Square (Irish: Cearnóg Parnell) is a Georgian square sited at the northern end of O'Connell Street, and west of Mountjoy Square, in the city of Dublin (now Dublin 1), Ireland.	Parnell Square	Ireland
country	Retzer Land Heliport (ICAO: LOAR) is a private-use heliport in Retz, Niederösterreich, Austria.	Retzer Land Heliport	Austria
country	Tolombeh-ye Malek Mansur Khan (Persian: تلمبه ملك منصورخان‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Malek Manşūr Khān; also known as Tolombeh-ye Malek Manşūr) is a village in Mashiz Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Malek Mansur Khan	Iran
country	Bojewyan is a settlement on the Penwith Peninsula in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Bojewyan	United Kingdom
country	The Lukovit Treasure (Bulgarian: Луковитско съкровище) is a silver Thracian treasure found in 1953 near the town of Lukovit, Lovech Province, north-western Bulgaria.	Lukovit Treasure	Bulgaria
country	Kim Chaek University of Technology is a university in North Korea, located on the bank of the Taedong River in Pyongyang.	Kim Chaek University of Technology	North Korea
country	Aboadze is a town in the Western region of Ghana.	Aboadze	Ghana
country	Husby Court District, or Husby tingslag, was a district of Dalarna in Sweden.	Husby Court District	Sweden
country	Tarpu (Persian: ترپو‎, also Romanized as Tarpū) is a village in Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Tarpu	Iran
country	Namsoi is a border town of Laos in Viengxay District, Houaphan Province.	Namsoi	Laos
country	The Großes Schauspielhaus (Great Theater) was a theatre in Berlin, Germany, often described as an example of expressionist architecture, designed by Hans Poelzig for theatre impresario Max Reinhardt.	Großes Schauspielhaus	Germany
country	El Dokki (Arabic: الدقى‎ pronounced (ed.ˈdoʔ.ʔi), of either Arabic or Turkish origin, meaning harbor) is a district in Giza city, which is part of Greater Cairo, in Egypt.	Dokki	Egypt
country	The Dala Line (Swedish: Dalabanan) is a single-track railway line in Sweden, linking the city of Uppsala to the towns of Sala, Avesta-Krylbo, Hedemora, Säter and Borlänge.	Dala Line	Sweden
country	Telepizza (Spanish pronunciation: (teleˈpitsa)) is a pizza restaurant chain that operates in Spain, some Spanish-speaking countries and in countries of the European Union.	Telepizza	Spain
country	Mayabunder is a town and a county (tehsil) in the northern part of Middle Andaman Island, Andaman Archipelago, India.	Mayabunder	India
country	Żórawina (ʐuraˈvina) (German: Rothsürben) is a village in Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Żórawina	Poland
country	Kvasica (pronounced (kʋaˈsiːtsa); German: Quasitza) is a settlement on main road from Črnomelj to Dragatuš in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Kvasica	Slovenia
country	Baabda (Arabic: بعبدا‎) is the capital city of Baabda District as well as the capital of Mount Lebanon Governorate, western Lebanon.	Baabda	Lebanon
country	Mosque Street (Chinese: 摩士街) is a one-way street located in Chinatown within the Outram Planning Area in Singapore.	Mosque Street	Singapore
country	Puńsk (puɲsk) (Lithuanian: Punskas) is a village (city in 1647-1852) in the Podlaskie Voivodeship, Poland.	Puńsk	Poland
country	The Balama mine is one of the largest graphite mines in Mozambique and in the world.	Balama mine	Mozambique
country	Arabygdi is a village in Rauland in the municipality Vinje in Telemark county, Norway.	Arabygdi	Norway
country	Pok is a settlement in Sarawak, Malaysia.	Pok	Malaysia
country	Gosselies is the home of the headquarters of Caterpillar Belgium, as well as Solar Turbines Europe.	Gosselies	Belgium
country	Sirhan Valley or Wadi as-Sirhan in (Arabic: وادي السرحان‎) is in northern Saudi Arabia, stretching from Sakakah up to Jordan.	Sirhan Valley	Saudi Arabia
country	Carriacou and Petite Martinique is a dependency of Grenada, lying north of Grenada island and south of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines in the Lesser Antilles.	Carriacou and Petite Martinique	Grenada
country	Konrady (kɔnˈradɨ) (German: Konraden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Konrady	Poland
country	Ommoord is a neighbourhood in the borough Prins Alexander, part of the municipality of Rotterdam, South Holland, the Netherlands.	Ommoord	Netherlands
country	Nyelv (Northern Sami: Ođđajohka) is a small village in Nesseby Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Nyelv	Norway
country	Krobia (ˈkrɔbʲa) is a town situated in the western part of Poland, in Greater Poland Voivodeship.	Krobia	Poland
country	Lumbala Airport (IATA: GGC) is an airport serving the village of Lumbala N'guimbo, in the Moxico Province of Angola.	Lumbala Airport	Angola
country	Pidzamochok castle is an old castle, dating near 1600, located in Pidzamochok, Buchach Raion, Ternopil oblast, Ukraine.	Pidzamochok castle	Ukraine
country	The Antaloc River (Hungarian: Antalok-pataka, meaning Anthonies' Creek) is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.	Antaloc River	Romania
country	Mahapleu (also known as Kuépleu) is a town in western Ivory Coast.	Mahapleu	Ivory Coast
country	The Avnik mine is a large iron ore mine in Bingöl Province, eastern Turkey, 728 km (452 mi) east of the capital, Ankara.	Avnik mine	Turkey
country	Almaty International Airport (Kazakh: Xalıqaralıq Almatı Äwejayı/Халықаралық Алматы Әуежайы, Russian: Международный Аэропорт Алматы) (IATA: ALA, ICAO: UAAA) is the largest international airport in Kazakhstan.	Almaty International Airport	Kazakhstan
country	Matayos (also Matayo's) is a settlement in the Busia County of Kenya's former Western Province.	Matayos	Kenya
country	The Cerro Pico Blanco is the second highest mountain of the Cerros de Escazú, Costa Rica, with a summit elevation of 2,428 m (7,966 ft).	Cerro Pico Blanco	Costa Rica
country	Federico Albert National Reserve is a 1.45 km2 (0.56 sq mi) national reserve of Cauquenes Province, Chile, located near Chanco town.	Federico Albert National Reserve	Chile
country	Podgora pri Ložu (pronounced (pɔdˈɡɔːɾa pɾi ˈloːʒu)) is a village south of Stari Trg in the Municipality of Loška Dolina in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Podgora pri Ložu	Slovenia
country	Badme is a town in the Horn of Africa and the focus of a territorial dispute between Eritrea and Ethiopia.	Badme	Eritrea
country	FlightNetwork was the second most visited travel website in Canada starting around 2009 with a five percent market share as of 2011.	FlightNetwork	Canada
country	Ettrokro (also spelled Etroukro) is a town in east-central Ivory Coast.	Ettrokro	Ivory Coast
country	The Kashmir Smast caves, also called Kashmir Smats, are a series of natural limestone caves, artificially expanded from the Kushan to the Shahi periods, situated in the Babozai and Pirsai mountains in the Mardan Valley in Northern Pakistan.	Kashmir Smast	Pakistan
country	The Rama VIII Bridge is a cable-stayed bridge crossing the Chao Phraya River in Bangkok, Thailand.	Rama VIII Bridge	Thailand
country	The Laborschule Bielefeld (``Laboratory School Bielefeld'') is an alternative school located in the city of Bielefeld, Germany.	Laborschule Bielefeld	Germany
country	Antenna, better known as ANT1, is a television network airing in Greece and Cyprus.	ANT1	Greece	Cyprus
country	The Château de Gerbéviller is a chateau in the small community of Gerbéviller in Lorraine, France.	Château de Gerbéviller	France
country	Mazraeh-ye Rashnow (Persian: مزرعه رشنو‎‎, also Romanized as Mazraʿeh-ye Rashnow) is a village in Dehpir-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Mazraeh-ye Rashnow	Iran
country	Al-Jaroudiya (or just Jaroudiya) is a village situated in the Qatif region in the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia.	Al-Jaroudiya	Saudi Arabia
country	Roosendaal (ˈroːzə(n)daːl) is both a city and a municipality in the southern Netherlands, in the province of North Brabant.	Roosendaal	Netherlands
country	Affalikro (also spelled Afalikro) is a village in eastern Ivory Coast.	Affalikro	Ivory Coast
country	Ogarshikha River (Russian: Огаршиха) is a river in Perm Krai of Russia.	Ogarshikha River	Russia
country	The Municipality of Gornja Radgona (Slovene: Občina Gornja Radgona) a municipality in Slovenia.	Municipality of Gornja Radgona	Slovenia
country	Værnes Air Station (Norwegian: Værnes flystasjon) is an air station of the Royal Norwegian Air Force located in Stjørdal, Norway.	Værnes Air Station	Norway
country	The Rotonda di San Lorenzo is a religious building in Mantua, Lombardy (northern Italy).	Rotonda di San Lorenzo	Italy
country	Hunderup is a central-southern neighbourhood of Odense, in Funen, Denmark.	Hunderup	Denmark
country	Kamień Pomorski (ˈkamʲɛɲ pɔˈmɔrskʲi) (German: Cammin or Kammin; Kashubian: Kamién) is a town in the West Pomeranian Voivodeship of northwestern Poland.	Kamień Pomorski	Poland
country	Kirchdorf an der Krems is a town in the Austrian state of Upper Austria on the river Krems, in the district of Kirchdorf an der Krems.	Kirchdorf an der Krems	Austria
country	Aalto University School of Science has five Centres of Excellence in Research funded by the Academy of Finland.	Aalto University School of Science	Finland
country	First Consultant Hospital (also known as First Consultant Medical Centre) is a private hospital in Lagos, Nigeria.	First Consultant Hospital	Nigeria
country	Kabul Medical University (Persian: دانشگاه طب کابل) formerly known as Kabul Medical Institute) is located in Kabul, Afghanistan on the campus of Kabul University.	Kabul Medical University	Afghanistan
country	Wężerów (vɛ̃ˈʐɛruf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słomniki, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Wężerów	Poland
country	Møinichen Mansion (Danish: Møinichen s Palæ) is a town mansion Købmagergade in central Copenhagen, Denmark.	Møinichen Mansion	Denmark
country	Desembarco del Granma National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional Desembarco del Granma) is a national park in south-eastern Cuba, in what is now Granma Province.	Desembarco del Granma National Park	Cuba
country	Kokkino Nero (Greek: Κόκκινο Νερό) is a beach located at the foot of Mount Ossa in the municipal unit of Evrymenes, Thessaly, Greece.	Kokkino Nero	Greece
country	Anzère is a small village in the canton of Valais, Switzerland, located in the municipality of Ayent and close to Sion and Crans.	Anzère	Switzerland
country	Geitastrand Church (Norwegian: Geitastrand kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Orkdal in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Geitastrand Church	Norway
country	Piscinola, or Piscinola-Marianella, is a northern suburb of Naples, Italy, with a population of ca.	Piscinola	Italy
country	The Accra Institute of Technology (AIT) popularly known as AIT, is an independent technology-focused research university, based in Accra, Ghana.	Accra Institute of Technology	Ghana
country	Gmina Stara Kornica is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Gmina Stara Kornica	Poland
country	Hohenstein-Ernstthal is a town in the Zwickau rural district, Free State of Saxony, Germany.	Hohenstein-Ernstthal	Germany
country	Sir William Parker Strait is a waterway in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.	Sir William Parker Strait	Canada
country	Abtsdorfer See is a lake in the region of Rupertiwinkel in Bavaria, Germany.	Abtsdorfer See	Germany
country	Majk (or Majkpuszta) is a small village in the municipality of Oroszlány near Tatabánya in the Central Transdanubian region, Komárom-Esztergom County, Hungary.	Majk	Hungary
country	Jhandapur is a village in Sirathu Tehsil of Kaushambi district in Utter Pradesh, India.	Jhandapur	India
country	Frisia or Friesland is a coastal region along the southeastern corner of the North Sea in what today is mostly a large part of the Netherlands, including modern Friesland, and smaller parts of Germany.	Frisia	Netherlands	Germany
country	Zhizdra River (Russian: Жиздра) is a river in Kaluga Oblast in Russia, Oka's left tributary.	Zhizdra River	Russia
country	Vuolep Sårjåsjávrre is a lake which lies on the border between Norway and Sweden.	Vuolep Sårjåsjávrre	Norway	Sweden
country	Avenyn (English: The Avenue; formally Kungsportsavenyen, (en. ``Kingsgate Avenue'')) is the main boulevard of Gothenburg, Sweden.	Kungsportsavenyen	Sweden
country	New Bridge Road (Chinese: 新桥路; pinyin: Xīnqiáo Lù) is a one-way road located within the Central Area in Singapore.	New Bridge Road	Singapore
country	Rawalpindi Institute of Cardiology (RIC) is a non-profit tertiary level Cardiac hospital located in Rawalpindi, of the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Rawalpindi Institute of Cardiology	Pakistan
country	Poarta Albă (literally in Romanian: White Gate) is a commune in Constanţa County, Romania.	Poarta Albă	Romania
country	New Barbuda Development Movement is a political party in Barbuda, Antigua and Barbuda.	New Barbuda Development Movement	Antigua and Barbuda
country	Búðardalur is a village situated on the Hvammsfjörður in the north-west of Iceland.	Búðardalur	Iceland
country	Gefion Gymnasium is an upper secondary school (Danish: gymnasium) in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Gefion Gymnasium	Denmark
country	Ransbach-Baumbach is a town in the Westerwaldkreis in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Ransbach-Baumbach	Germany
country	Veng Abbey was one of Denmark's earliest Benedictine monasteries and was located in the village of Veng near Skanderborg, Region of Southern Denmark.	Veng Abbey	Denmark
country	Kakhakn (Armenian: Կախակն, formerly, Karaiman, Karayman, Ogrudzha, Bahar, and Sovietakend) is a village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Kakhakn	Armenia
country	Wędrynia (vɛnˈdrɨɲa) (German Liebeiche, Wendrin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lasowice Wielkie, within Kluczbork County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wędrynia	Poland
country	Jamakabad (Persian: جمک آباد‎, also Romanized as Jamakābād) is a village in Zarabad-e Sharqi Rural District, Zarabad District, Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Jamakabad	Iran
country	Bachorzewo (baxɔˈʐɛvɔ) (German: Bachen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyń nad Wisłą, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Bachorzewo	Poland
country	Bochum (German pronunciation: (ˈboːxʊm); Westphalian: Baukem) is a city in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany and part of the Arnsberg region.	Bochum	Germany
country	The Sainte-Marguerite River is a river flowing in the unorganized territory of Mont-Valin, Le Fjord-du-Saguenay Regional County Municipality, in Quebec, in Canada.	Sainte-Marguerite River	Canada
country	Gáň (Hungarian: Barakony) is a village and municipality in Galanta District of the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.	Gáň	Slovakia
country	Pakenham Secondary College is situated approximately 50 kilometres southeast of Melbourne, Australia.	Pakenham Secondary College	Australia
country	Kanila Shree Bhagavathi Temple (Also known as Kanila Shree Bhagavithi Kshetra) is a Hindu Temple of Devi Baghavathi, located on the west side of National Highway 17, approximately 1 kilometre north of Hosangadi Junction of Manjeshwaram of Kerala state in India.	Kanila Shree Bhagavathi Temple	India
country	Stebliv (Ukrainian: Стеблів, Russian: Стеблёв) is an urban-type settlement located in the Korsun-Shevchenkivskyi Raion (district) of the Cherkasy Oblast (province) in central Ukraine.	Stebliv	Ukraine
country	Karxulu (also, Karkhulu) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Karxulu	Azerbaijan
country	Bayt Fiqayt is a village in Dhofar Governorate, in southwestern Oman, close to the capital Salalah.	Bayt Fiqayt	Oman
country	Kamenska is an uninhabited village in Požega-Slavonia County, Croatia.	Kamenska	Croatia
country	Basadi-ye Hajj Barun (Persian: باصدي حاج بارون‎, also Romanized as Bāşadī-ye Ḩājj Bārūn; also known as Bāsadi, Bāşedī, and Bāseydī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Basadi-ye Hajj Barun	Iran
country	Adré is the main town of the Assoungha department in the Ouaddaï Region of Chad.	Adré	Chad
country	Senteg (Russian: Сентег) is a rural locality (a village) in Kiyaiksky Selsoviet of Zavyalovsky District of the Udmurt Republic, Russia, located 24 kilometers (15 mi) northwest of Izhevsk, the capital city of the republic.	Senteg	Russia
country	Tazehabad-e Garaveh (Persian: تازه ابادگراوه‎, also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Garāveh; also known as Tāzehābād) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District (Kermanshah Province), in the Central District of Qasr-e Shirin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Tazehabad-e Garaveh	Iran
country	Dharowali is a village near Dera Baba Nanak, Gurdaspur District in Punjab state, India.	Dharowali	India
country	Soltaniyeh (Persian: سلطانيه‎‎, also Romanized as Solţānīyeh, Solţāneyyeh, Sultaniye, and Sultānīyeh; also known as Sa``īdīyeh; Latin Soltania) is the capital city of Soltaniyeh District of Abhar County, Zanjan Province, Azerbaijan, northwestern Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 5,684, in 1,649 families.	Soltaniyeh	Iran
country	J. F. Mitchell Airport (IATA: BQU, ICAO: TVSB) is the airport serving Bequia island, Grenadines Parish, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, including Grenadines Parish' capital Port Elizabeth.	J. F. Mitchell Airport	Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
country	Mojnowo (mɔi̯ˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutocin, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Mojnowo	Poland
country	Harmica (Croatian pronunciation: (xǎrmit͡sa)) is a settlement in Croatia, located on the border with Slovenia.	Harmica	Croatia
country	LITEXPO (from Lithuanian exposition) or Lithuanian Exhibition and Congress Centre (Lithuanian: Lietuvos parodų ir kongresų centras), located in Vilnius, Lithuania, is the largest exhibition centre in the Baltic states.	LITEXPO	Lithuania
country	Przysów (ˈpʂɨsuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jędrzejów, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Przysów	Poland
country	The Bald Hills Wind Farm is a proposed wind farm located approximately 10 km south east of Tarwin Lower in South Gippsland, Victoria, Australia.	Bald Hills Wind Farm	Australia
country	Omalo (Georgian: ომალო) is a principal village in the historical region of Tusheti, Georgia.	Omalo	Georgia
country	The Saburtalo Line (Georgian: საბურთალოს ხაზი) is a line of the Tbilisi Metro in Georgia.	Saburtalo Line	Georgia
country	Bakarjulan (Persian: بكارجولان‎, also Romanized as Bakārjūlān) is a village in Tombi Golgir Rural District, Golgir District, Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bakarjulan	Iran
country	Lebamba is a small town in south-western Gabon.	Lebamba	Gabon
country	Samraong District is a district in Oddar Meanchey province in northern Cambodia.	Samraong District	Cambodia
country	The Swedish Theatre (Swedish: Svenska Teatern, Finnish: Ruotsalainen Teatteri) is a Swedish-speaking theatre in Helsinki, Finland, and is located at the Erottaja (Swedish: Skillnaden) square, at the end of Esplanadi (Swedish: Esplanaden).	Swedish Theatre	Finland
country	The Kaiserbahnhof Halbe is a receiver station of which a number were built in Germany.	Kaiserbahnhof Halbe	Germany
country	The municipality and town of Jamay is located in the eastern portion of Jalisco, Mexico, at coordinates 20°17.4′N 102°42.6′W, at a height of 1530 meters above sea level.	Jamay	Mexico
country	The Siegesallee (German for ``Victory Avenue'') was a broad boulevard in Berlin, Germany.	Siegesallee	Germany
country	The Carers Alliance a federal political party in Australia registered on 4 September 2007 to make the personal political for people with disabilities and the carers of people who are frail-aged, mentally or chronically or disabled.	Carers Alliance	Australia
country	Five international matches of the Italian national football team have taken place at the Stadio Renato Curi: 22 December 1983, Italy --	Stadio Renato Curi	Italy
country	Atuntaqui is a city of 21,000 inhabitants in the Imbabura Province in the northern region of Ecuador.	Atuntaqui	Ecuador
country	HaYarkon 96 is a building of nine floors in Tel Aviv, Israel, of which its penthouse is considered to be the most expensive in the country.	HaYarkon 96	Israel
country	Kushinagar Airport or Kasia Airport is situated near Kasia, 52km east of Gorakhpur, in Kushinagar district in Uttar Pradesh, India.	Kushinagar Airport	India
country	Amidabad-e Olya (Persian: عميدابادعليا‎, also Romanized as ʿAmīdābād-e ``Olyā) is a village in Darmian Rural District, in the Central District of Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 24, in 9 families.	Amidabad-e Olya	Iran
country	The Aesepus Bridge (Turkish: Güvercin Köprüsü, ``Dove Bridge'') was a late antique Roman bridge over the Aesepus river (today Gönen Çayı) in the ancient region of Mysia in modern-day Turkey.	Aesepus Bridge	Turkey
country	Hisor District (also transliterated as Hissar, Gissar) or Nohiyai Hisor (Tajik: Ноҳияи Ҳисор / Persian: ناحیۀ حصار‎‎) is a district in the Region of Republican Subordination, in Tajikistan, located west of the capital Dushanbe, between Varzob District in the east and Shahrinaw District in the west.	Hisor District	Tajikistan
country	Cape Fligely (Russian: Мыс Флигели; Mys Fligeli) is the northernmost point of Europe, Eurasia, Afro-Eurasia and Russia and is 911 km from the North Pole.	Cape Fligely	Russia
country	The Saoura (Arabic: ساورة‎) is a valley in southwestern Algeria.	Saoura	Algeria
country	Enderby Island is part of the Auckland Islands archipelago in New Zealand.	Enderby Island	New Zealand
country	Hoseyniyeh-ye Hamad (Persian: حسينيه حمد‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynīyeh-ye Ḩamad; also known as Ḩoseynīyeh-ye Mīrḥamad) is a village in Azadeh Rural District, Moshrageh District, Ramshir County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hoseyniyeh-ye Hamad	Iran
country	Kharaki (Persian: خاركي‎, also Romanized as Khārakī) is a village in Taftan-e Jonubi Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kharaki	Iran
country	Saqal Tuli (Persian: سقل طولي‎, also Romanized as Saqal Tūlī and Saqqal Tūlī; also known as Saghltooli and Sakaltuli) is a village in Mojezat Rural District, in the Central District of Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Saqal Tuli	Iran
country	The full name of the Supreme Council is ``The Supreme Council (Mother Council of the World) of the Inspectors General Knights Commander of the House of the Temple of Solomon of the Thirty-third degree of the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite of Freemasonry of the Southern Jurisdiction of the United States of America.''	House of the Temple	United States of America
country	Bogdan Vodă (until 1968 Cuhea; Hungarian: Izakonyha, Yiddish: Kechnie) is a commune in Maramureş County, northern Romania.	Bogdan Vodă	Romania
country	Czech University of Life Sciences Prague (CULS); (Czech: Česká zemědělská univerzita v Praze, ČZU, also Czech University of Agriculture in Prague) is a university of agricultural education and research in Prague, the Czech Republic, established in 1906.	Czech University of Life Sciences Prague	Czech Republic
country	Mabu'im (Hebrew: מַבּוּעִים, lit. Springs) is a communal settlement in southern Israel.	Mabu'im	Israel
country	Fascene Airport (IATA: NOS, ICAO: FMNN) is an international airport located on the island of Nosy Be, just off the northwest coast of Madagascar, in the Diana region.	Fascene Airport	Madagascar
country	The Grotta di Ispinigoli is a karstic cave in the Supramonte massif, near Dorgali, Sardinia, Italy.	Grotta di Ispinigoli	Italy
country	Mr Straw's House is a National Trust property in Worksop, Nottinghamshire, United Kingdom.	Mr Straw's House	United Kingdom
country	Obeliai ( pronunciation ) is a small city in the Rokiškis district municipality of Panevėžys County, Lithuania.	Obeliai	Lithuania
country	Rupai Siding is a fast developing township situated in the district of Tinsukia in Assam,(in North East) India.	Rupai Siding	India
country	Dirty Records is a New Zealand hip hop label.	Dirty Records	New Zealand
country	Champakara is a village in Kottayam District, 18 kilometres (11 mi) away from Kottayam in India.	Champakara	India
country	Laraquete River is a small river in Arauco Province, Bío Bío Region of Chile.	Laraquete River	Chile
country	Chopul Kesh (Persian: چپول كش‎, also Romanized as Chopūl Kesh and Chapūl Kesh) is a village in Sardar-e Jangal Rural District, Sardar-e Jangal District, Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chopul Kesh	Iran
country	İkinci Yeniyol (also, Yeniyël Vtoroye) is a village in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	İkinci Yeniyol	Azerbaijan
country	Vashkivtsi (Ukrainian: Вашківці; Romanian: Văşcăuţi; German: Waschkautz; Russian: Вашковцы) is a city in Chernivtsi Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Vashkivtsi	Ukraine
country	Grand Théâtre de Bordeaux, is a theatre in Bordeaux, France, first inaugurated on 17 April 1780.	Grand Théâtre de Bordeaux	France
country	The Chiwoo Craft Museum is a crafts museum in Seoul, South Korea.	Chiwoo Craft Museum	South Korea
country	Sheffield Glen is a neighbourhood in Alta Vista Ward in southeast Ottawa, Canada.	Sheffield Glen	Canada
country	Hezuo Road Subdistrict (Chinese: 合作路街道; pinyin: Hézuò Lù Jiēdào) is a subdistrict of Xinhua District, in the northwest of Shijiazhuang, Hebei, People's Republic of China.	Hezuo Road Subdistrict	People's Republic of China
country	Rae Strait, named after Scottish Arctic explorer John Rae, is a small strait in the Kitikmeot Region of Nunavut, Canada.	Rae Strait	Canada
country	Vrinda City a district currently being built in Greater Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Vrinda City	India
country	The Abbey of Thelema refers to a small house which was used as a temple and spiritual centre founded by Aleister Crowley and Leah Hirsig in Cefalù (Sicily, Italy) in 1920.	Abbey of Thelema	Italy
country	Breginj (pronounced (bɾɛˈɡiːn); locally Brgin and Bәrgin, Italian: Bergogna, Friulian: Bergogne) is a village in the Municipality of Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Breginj	Slovenia
country	Arun Banner (Mongolian: ᠠᠷᠤᠨ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Arun qosiɣu; simplified Chinese: 阿荣旗; traditional Chinese: 阿榮旗; pinyin: Āróng Qí) is a banner of northeastern Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China, bordering Heilongjiang province to the south and east.	Arun Banner	People's Republic of China
country	Asansol Engineering College,(Bengali:আসানসোল ইঞ্জিনিয়ারিং কলেজ Hindi: आसनसोल इंजीनियरिंग कॉलेज),popularly known as AEC, is a self-financed institute (aided by TEQIP) situated in Asansol, an industrial city located in Bardhaman district, West Bengal, about 200 kilometers from the capital city of Kolkata, India.	Asansol Engineering College	India
country	Grötzingen is a town and eastern suburb of Karlsruhe, Germany.	Grötzingen	Germany
country	Estadio Arsenio Erico is a multi-use stadium in the neighbourhood of Barrio Obrero in Asunción, Paraguay.	Estadio Arsenio Erico	Paraguay
country	Wild Wild Wet is the largest water theme park in Singapore.	Wild Wild Wet	Singapore
country	Bühl bei Aarberg (or simply Bühl) is a municipality in the Seeland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.	Bühl bei Aarberg	Switzerland
country	The Sangdong mine is one of the largest tungsten mines in South Korea and in the world.	Sangdong mine	South Korea
country	Plesko (pronounced (ˈpleːskɔ)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Hrastnik in central Slovenia.	Plesko	Slovenia
country	Berry Bros. & Rudd is a wine and spirits merchant based in the United Kingdom.	Berry Bros. & Rudd	United Kingdom
country	Situm is a village outside of Lae in the Morobe Province, Papua New Guinea.	Situm	Papua New Guinea
country	The Hercynian Forest was an ancient and dense forest that stretched eastward from the Rhine River across southern Germany and formed the northern boundary of that part of Europe known to writers of antiquity.	Hercynian Forest	Germany
country	Ellerslie School was founded in 1877, making it one of the oldest schools in Auckland, New Zealand.	Ellerslie School	New Zealand
country	Latina Nuclear Power Plant is a nuclear power plant at Latina, Lazio, Italy.	Latina Nuclear Power Plant	Italy
country	Zagheh-ye Tasbandi (Persian: زاغه طاسبندي‎, also Romanized as Zāgheh-ye Ţāsbandī) is a village in Tork-e Gharbi Rural District, Jowkar District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Zagheh-ye Tasbandi	Iran
country	Abdulići (Cyrillic: Абдулићи) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Abdulići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Cora Divh, also called Coradeeve or Little Bassas de Pedro Bank (cf. Great Bassas de Pedro), is a submerged bank or sunken atoll belonging to the Amindivi Subgroup of islands of the Union Territory of Lakshadweep, India.	Cora Divh	India
country	Loška Vas (pronounced (ˈloːʃka ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Loška vas) is a settlement on the right bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia.	Loška Vas	Slovenia
country	Sierra Carapé or Sierra de Carapé is a hill range located in Maldonado Department, in southern Uruguay.	Sierra Carapé	Uruguay
country	Jalan Permatang Tulang (Malacca state route M117) is a major roads in Malacca state, Malaysia	Jalan Permatang Tulang	Malaysia
country	Downs Gulch Aerodrome (TC LID: CDV2), is a privately owned aerodrome located 7.5 nautical miles (13.9 km; 8.6 mi) north of Downs Gulch, New Brunswick, Canada.	Downs Gulch Aerodrome	Canada
country	Chandkheda is a neighbourhood in the Northwest of the metropolitan city of Ahmedabad in India.	Chandkheda	India
country	Menemen railway station (Turkish: Menemen Garı) is a railway station at Menemen in Izmir Province, Turkey.	Menemen railway station	Turkey
country	The Seletar Teleport (Chinese: 实里达卫星地面站; Malay: Stesen Satelit Telekomunikasi Seletar) is the third of four satellite earth station in Singapore after the Bukit Timah Satellite Earth Station in Bukit Timah, and the Sentosa Satellite Earth Station in Sentosa Island.	Seletar Teleport	Singapore
country	The City Bowl is a part of Cape Town in South Africa.	City Bowl	South Africa
country	Yongin MBC Daejanggeum Park (hangul: 용인 대장금 파크), previously known as MBC Dramia (hangul: MBC 드라미아) is an outdoor film set owned by Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation and the city of Yongin in Gyeonggi province, South Korea.	Yongin MBC Daejanggeum Park	South Korea
country	The Holy Trinity Cathedral, Sibiu (Romanian: Catedrala Sfânta Treime din Sibiu), located at 35 Mitropoliei Street, Sibiu, Romania, is the seat of the Romanian Orthodox Archbishop of Sibiu and Metropolitan of Transylvania.	Holy Trinity Cathedral, Sibiu	Romania
country	Berriozábal is a city and one of the 122 Municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.	Berriozábal	Mexico
country	Swedish county road 260 (Länsväg 260) is a primary county road in Sweden from the Lugnet junction on the border of Stockholm and Nacka to the Handen junction beneath national road 73 in Haninge.	Swedish county road 260	Sweden
country	Jeremy Sabloff of the University of Pennsylvania and Gair Tourtellot carried out archaeological investigations that included architectural and topographic mapping, household-scale excavation, and intensive surface collections at Sayil from 1983 to 1988, when they were affiliated with the University of New Mexico.	Sayil	Mexico
country	Kulkani (Persian: كولكني‎, also Romanized as Kūlḵanī) is a village in Kulkani Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Kulkani	Iran
country	Nowa Wieś Lęborska (ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ lɛmˈbɔrska) (German: Neuendorf) is a village in Lębork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nowa Wieś Lęborska	Poland
country	The Hisar Police Lines Golf Course (Hindi: हिसार पुलिस लाइन्स गोल्फ कोर्स, हरयाणा), is in Hisar, in the Hisar district of Haryana State, India.	Hisar Police Lines Golf Course	India
country	Santa Fe de Ralito is a small ranching outpost in Córdoba Department, Colombia.	Santa Fe de Ralito	Colombia
country	The National Higher Institute of the Technician Professorate (Castilian: Instituto Nacional Superior del Profesorado Técnico (INSPT-UTN)) is an accredited higher education institution of the Argentina Republic, dependent of the National Technological University.	National Higher Institute of the Technician Professorate	Argentina
country	Kirinyaga County is a county in the former Central Province of Kenya.	Kirinyaga County	Kenya
country	Tranøy Church (Norwegian: Tranøy kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Tranøy in Troms county, Norway.	Tranøy Church	Norway
country	Joe Gqabi District Municipality is one of the seven districts of Eastern Cape province of South Africa.	Joe Gqabi District Municipality	South Africa
country	Al-Mahfurah (Arabic: محفورة‎) is a village in northern Syria located northwest of Homs in the Homs Governorate.	Al-Mahfurah	Syria
country	Egenäs is a small village in Årjäng Municipality, western Värmland, and located near Dalsland, Sweden.	Egenäs	Sweden
country	Xalatalabinə (also, Khalatala and Khalatalabina) is a village in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Xalatalabinə	Azerbaijan
country	The Azero River is a river of Bolivia in the Chuquisaca Department.	Azero River	Bolivia
country	The Jatiluhur Dam is a multi-purpose embankment dam on the Citarum River in West Java, Indonesia.	Jatiluhur Dam	Indonesia
country	Kihelkonna is a small borough (Estonian: alevik) in Saare County, on the western part of Saaremaa Island, Estonia.	Kihelkonna	Estonia
country	Merošina (Serbian Cyrillic: Мерошина) is a village and municipality located in the Nišava District of Serbia.	Merošina	Serbia
country	Contla consists of two nearby villages in Tlaxcala, Mexico.	Contla	Mexico
country	Kortepohja is a district and a student village in Jyväskylä, Finland.	Kortepohja	Finland
country	Chikwawa is a town with a population of approximately 12,000 located in the Southern Region of Malawi on the west bank of the Shire River.	Chikwawa	Malawi
country	German submarine U-381 was a Type VIIC U-boat built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine for service during World War II. She failed to return in May 1943 and was declared missing in unknown circumstances.	German submarine U-381	Germany
country	UCI Cinemas (United Cinemas International) is a brand of cinema, currently operating in Austria, Germany, Italy, Portugal and Brazil.	UCI Cinemas	Germany
country	Dobrovo (pronounced (ˈdoːbɾɔʋɔ); Italian: Castel Dobra) is a settlement the Littoral region of Slovenia, close to the border with Italy.	Dobrovo	Slovenia
country	Cam Đức is an urban township (thị trấn), the district capital of Cam Lâm District, Khánh Hòa Province, Vietnam.	Cam Đức	Vietnam
country	Gorenja Stara Vas (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾeːnja ˈstaːɾa ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Gorenja Stara vas) is a village in the Municipality of Šentjernej in southeastern Slovenia.	Gorenja Stara Vas	Slovenia
country	The Sambisa Forest is a forest in Borno State, northeast Nigeria.	Sambisa Forest	Nigeria
country	Bathstore.com Ltd., trading as bathstore is a specialist bathroom retailer and is the largest in the United Kingdom.	Bathstore	United Kingdom
country	The 2007 Solheim Cup was the tenth Solheim Cup, held 14--16 September at Halmstad GK in Halmstad, Sweden.	2007 Solheim Cup	Sweden
country	Sayyed Yaber (Persian: سيديابر‎, also Romanized as Seyyed Yāber; also known as ``Ashīreh-ye Seyyed Jāber) is a village in Tarrah Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 417, in 49 families.	Sayyed Yaber	Iran
country	Panna Airport is an airport that serves the town of Panna, Madhya Pradesh, India.	Panna Airport	India
country	Sapes (Greek: Σάπες, Turkish: Şapçı) is a town and a former municipality in the Rhodope regional unit, East Macedonia and Thrace, Greece.	Sapes	Greece
country	Alpedrete (Spanish pronunciation: (alpeˈðɾete)) is a town and municipality in central Spain.	Alpedrete	Spain
country	Brokind Castle is situated south of Linköping, in the province of Östergötland, Sweden.	Brokind Castle	Sweden
country	Driven grouse shooting is a field sport of the United Kingdom.	Driven grouse shooting	United Kingdom
country	Łuków railway station is a railway station serving Łuków, Poland.	Łuków railway station	Poland
country	Podvin pri Polzeli (pronounced (pɔˈdʋiːn pɾi ˈpoːu̯zɛli)) is a settlement on the left bank of the Savinja River in the Municipality of Polzela in Slovenia.	Podvin pri Polzeli	Slovenia
country	Estádio Augusto Bauer is a football stadium located in Brusque city, Santa Catarina state, Brazil.	Estádio Augusto Bauer	Brazil
country	Armada Towers (Arabic: ابراج ارمادا‎) is a complex of three Towers in Jumeirah Lake Towers ( JLT ) Dubai Multi Commodities Centre Free Zone being built is opposite to the Dubai Marina and next to the Emirates Golf Club in Dubai, United Arab Emirates offering residential living, office and commercial spaces.	Armada Towers	United Arab Emirates
country	The Pretoria Bypass a collection of two bypasses that together form a partial ring road around the city of Pretoria, South Africa.	Pretoria Bypass	South Africa
country	Opočno (Czech pronunciation: (ˈopotʃno); German: Opotschno) is a small town in Bohemia with a population of over 3,000, located in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.	Opočno	Czech Republic
country	Dannhauser is a former coal mining town in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.	Dannhauser	South Africa
country	Vrh pri Hinjah (pronounced (ˈʋəɾx pɾi ˈxiːnjax)) is a small village in the Municipality of Žužemberk in southeastern Slovenia.	Vrh pri Hinjah	Slovenia
country	Puranigudam (Assamese: পুৰণিগুদাম) is in the Nagaon district of Assam, India.	Puranigudam	India
country	Pederneira is a former village in Portugal, and currently part of the larger city of Nazaré, Portugal on the coast of the Atlantic Ocean.	Pederneira	Portugal
country	Băneasa Forest (Pădurea Băneasa in Romanian) is a wood in the north of Bucharest, Romania.	Băneasa Forest	Romania
country	Saint Teresa of Jesus Catholic University, (Spanish: Universidad Católica Santa Teresa de Jesús de Ávila), commonly known as the Catholic University of Ávila (UCAV), is a private, Catholic university, located in Ávila, Castile and León, Spain.	Catholic University of Ávila	Spain
country	Milad Hospital is the largest specialized and subspecialized hospital in Iran.	Milad Hospital	Iran
country	Shay Gap Airport (IATA: SGP, ICAO: YSHG) is located near Shay Gap, Western Australia.	Shay Gap Airport	Australia
country	Multan International Airport (Urdu: مُلتان بین الاقوامی ہوائی اڈہ‎) (IATA: MUX, ICAO: OPMT) is situated 4 km west of the city Multan in Punjab, Pakistan.	Multan International Airport	Pakistan
country	Tighenif (formerly known as Palikao) is a town in Mascara Province; western Algeria.	Tighenif	Algeria
country	Yasuj Airport (IATA: YES, ICAO: OISY) is an airport serving Yasuj, a city in the Zagros Mountains of southwestern Iran, and capital of the Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province.	Yasuj Airport	Iran
country	Ivry-sur-Seine (French pronunciation: ​(i.vʁi.syʁ.sɛn)) is a commune in the Val-de-Marne department in the southeastern suburbs of Paris, France.	Ivry-sur-Seine	France
country	Jobat was a princely state of India, administratively under the Bhopawar Agency subdivision of the Central India Agency.	Jobat	India
country	Gendi Khori-ye Sofla (Persian: گندي خوري سفلي‎, also Romanized as Gendī Khorī-ye Soflá; also known as Gendī Khorī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Tut-e Nadeh Rural District, in the Central District of Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Gendi Khori-ye Sofla	Iran
country	The Monti Picentini Regional Park (Italian: Parco regionale Monti Picentini) is a natural preserve in Campania, southern Italy.	Monti Picentini Regional Park	Italy
country	Alter do Chão (Portuguese pronunciation: (ɐɫˈtɛɾ ðu ʃɐ̃w)) is a municipality in the District of Portalegre in Portugal.	Alter do Chão	Portugal
country	Stryszawa (strɨˈʂava) is a village, the seat of the administrative district of Gmina Stryszawa, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Stryszawa	Poland
country	Palenquero (also palenque) is a Spanish-based creole language spoken in Colombia.	Palenquero	Colombia
country	Bala Seyyed Kola (Persian: بالاسيدكلا‎, also Romanized as Bālā Seyyed Kolā; also known as Seyyed Kolā-ye Bālā) is a village in Gatab-e Jonubi Rural District, Gatab District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bala Seyyed Kola	Iran
country	Guardiagrele is a town and comune in the province of Chieti, part of the Abruzzo region of central Italy.	Guardiagrele	Italy
country	Patriki (Greek: Πατρίκι, Turkish: Tuzluca) is a village in the Famagusta District of Cyprus, located on the Karpas Peninsula.	Patriki	Cyprus
country	Ločica pri Vranskem (pronounced (lɔˈtʃiːtsa pɾi ˈwɾaːnskɛm)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Vransko in central Slovenia.	Ločica pri Vranskem	Slovenia
country	Beitstadfjorden is the innermost arm of the Trondheimsfjord in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Beitstadfjorden	Norway
country	Grundarfjörður is a small town, situated in the north of the Snæfellsnes peninsula in the west of Iceland.	Grundarfjörður	Iceland
country	The Penang Masonic Temple is an historic Masonic building located st 136 Jalan Utama (Western Road), corner of Jalan Brown (Brown Road), in the former city of George Town on Penang Island in the state of Penang, Malaysia.	Penang Masonic Temple	Malaysia
country	Bitan Aharon (Hebrew: בִּיתַן אַהֲרֹן, lit. Aharon's Pavilion) is a moshav in central Israel.	Bitan Aharon	Israel
country	Fermont is a town in northeastern Quebec, Canada, near the Quebec-Labrador border about 23 kilometres (14 mi) from Labrador City on Route 389, which connects to the Trans-Labrador Highway (Newfoundland and Labrador Route 500).	Fermont	Canada
country	Fitzroy Falls Dam in New South Wales, Australia, is part of the Shoalhaven Scheme, completed in 1974.	Fitzroy Falls Dam	Australia
country	The Schlern-Rosengarten Nature Park (Italian: Parco Naturale Sciliar-Catinaccio; German: Naturpark Schlern-Rosengarten) is a nature reserve in South Tyrol, Italy.	Schlern-Rosengarten Nature Park	Italy
country	Associated Humber Lines (A.H.L.) was created in 1935 to manage the services of various railway controlled shipping lines including port activities in the Humber area of the United Kingdom.	Associated Humber Lines	United Kingdom
country	Tarpnowo (tarpˈnɔvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Białogard, within Białogard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Tarpnowo	Poland
country	Barik Kola (Persian: باريك كلا‎, also Romanized as Bārīk Kolā and Bārīk Kalā) is a village in Feyziyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Barik Kola	Iran
country	Kallithea Elassonos is situated at an elevation above 500 m in a plain southwest of Greece's tallest mountain, Mount Olympus.	Kallithea Elassonos	Greece
country	Mingin (Min Gin, Min Kin or Minking Burmese: မင္းကင္း) is a town on the southern side (right bank) of the Chindwin River in Kale District, Sagaing Division, Burma (Myanmar).	Mingin	Myanmar
country	Shakilabad (Persian: شكيل اباد‎, also Romanized as Shakīlābād) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Shakilabad	Iran
country	Gołubie (ɡɔˈwubjɛ) (Kashubian Golëbie, German: Gollubien) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gołubie	Poland
country	Vilassar de Mar (Catalan pronunciation: (biɫəˈsa ðə ˈmar)) is a municipality in the comarca of the Maresme in Catalonia, Spain.	Vilassar de Mar	Spain
country	Studençan (Albanian: Studençan, Studençane or Gurrë, (((2)))) is a village in the municipality of Suhareka, Kosovo.	Studençan	Kosovo
country	Knarvik Upper Secondary School (in Norwegian, Knarvik vidaregåande skule) is a high school located on Knarvik in Lindås, 30 km north of Bergen in Norway.	Knarvik Upper Secondary School	Norway
country	Mornington Secondary College is a secondary school in Mornington, Victoria, Australia serving the communities of Somerville, Tyabb, Moorooduc, Mount Martha, and Mornington on the Mornington Peninsula and offers the Hands On Learning, The Victoria Police Youth Corp and Drum Corp, and many other extra-curricular programs to its students.	Mornington Secondary College	Australia
country	Bhagwanpura, Haryana, also called Bhagpura, is an archaeological site that lies on the bank of Hakra Ghaggar channel in the Kurukshetra district of Haryana state, India.	Bhagwanpura, Haryana	India
country	The City of Greater Bendigo is a local government area in Victoria, Australia, located in the central part of the state.	City of Greater Bendigo	Australia
country	Lahti Stadium (Finnish: Lahden stadion) is a multi-use stadium in Lahti, Finland.	Lahti Stadium	Finland
country	Wasaqucha (Quechua wasa the human back or the back of an animal, qucha lake, ``back lake'', hispanicized spelling Huasacocha) is a mountain at a small lake of the same name in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,400 metres (17,717 ft) high.	Wasaqucha	Peru
country	The Gjole is a short river in western Albania, a source river of the Ishëm River.	Gjole	Albania
country	Sahel Selim is a city in the Asyut Governorate of Egypt.	Sahel Selim	Egypt
country	Ryan's Creek Aerodrome (IATA: SZS, ICAO: NZRC) is a small airstrip on Stewart Island in southern New Zealand.	Ryan's Creek Aerodrome	New Zealand
country	Camélas (Catalan: Cameles) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.	Camélas	France
country	Kolokani is a town of approximately 57,307 inhabitants in Mali's Koulikoro Region.	Kolokani	Mali
country	Joliette is a city in southwest Quebec, Canada.	Joliette	Canada
country	Lojing Viaduct is the highest bridge in Malaysia.	Lojing Viaduct	Malaysia
country	The enslaved Fon and Ewe in Haiti and Louisiana syncretized the Loa with the Roman Catholic Saints--	Loa	Haiti
country	Iljaševci (pronounced (iˈljaːʃɛu̯tsi)) is a village in the Municipality of Križevci in northeastern Slovenia.	Iljaševci	Slovenia
country	Manairó is a Michelin starred restaurant in Barcelona, Spain.	Manairó	Spain
country	The Deloitte Tower (French: Tour Deloitte) is a 26-storey office building in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, located between Windsor Station and the Bell Centre.	Deloitte Tower	Canada
country	Kallidendro (Greek: Καλλίδενδρο) is a former municipality in the Trikala regional unit, Thessaly, Greece.	Kallidendro	Greece
country	Rietspruit Dam is a dam near Ventersdorp in North West province, South Africa.	Rietspruit Dam	South Africa
country	Hanafjellet is the commonly used word for the mountain located in the city ``Sandnes'' in Norway.	Hanafjellet	Norway
country	Tagrin Point is the proposed location of a deep water port to replace the older and shallower port of Port Pepel in Sierra Leone.	Tagrin Point	Sierra Leone
country	Cova Joana is a village in the central part of the island of Brava, Cape Verde.	Cova Joana	Cape Verde
country	Aspang-Markt is a market town in Lower Austria in Austria.	Aspang-Markt	Austria
country	Potporanj (Serbian Cyrillic: Потпорањ) is a village in Serbia.	Potporanj	Serbia
country	Selikhino (Russian: Селихино) is a rural locality (a selo) in Komsomolsky District of Khabarovsk Krai, Russia.	Selikhino	Russia
country	The Peerage of the United Kingdom comprises most peerages created in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland after the Act of Union in 1801, when it replaced the Peerage of Great Britain.	Peerage of the United Kingdom	United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland
country	Ponte de Vilar de Mouros is a bridge in Portugal.	Ponte de Vilar de Mouros	Portugal
country	Şıx Dursun (Armenian: Սխտորաշեն, also Şıxtoraşen, Skhtorashen, Skhtorasher, and Suktorashen) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şıx Dursun	Azerbaijan
country	The Kulisteinen, also known as the Kuli stone and listed as N 449 in the Rundata catalog, is a stone with a runic inscription that was originally located at Kuløy in Smøla municipality, Norway.	Kulisteinen	Norway
country	On 11 September 1860 Piedmontese troops entered the city, and Pesaro was subsequently annexed to the new Kingdom of Italy (see also Battle of Castelfidardo).	Pesaro	Italy
country	Coulibistrie is a village on the west coast of Dominica, in the northwest corner of Saint Joseph Parish.	Coulibistrie	Dominica
country	Shuswap Lake Marine Provincial Park is an 896-hectare provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, comprising 991 ha.	Shuswap Lake Marine Provincial Park	Canada
country	Hisor (Tajik: Ҳисор, Persian: حصار‎‎) is a city in western Tajikistan, about 15 km west of Dushanbe.	Hisor	Tajikistan
country	Alerta Airport (IATA: ALD, ICAO: SPAR) is a small regional airport serving Alerta, a city in the Ucayali Region of Peru.	Alerta Airport	Peru
country	Leirfjord Church (Norwegian: Leirfjord kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Leirfjord in Nordland county, Norway.	Leirfjord Church	Norway
country	The Pelješac Bridge (Croatian: Pelješki most) is the name of a planned bridge in Croatia the construction of which had started in 2007.	Pelješac Bridge	Croatia
country	Breiavatnet is a small lake in the city centre of Stavanger, Norway.	Breiavatnet	Norway
country	Hapur (known earlier as Haripur) is a city in, as well as the headquarters of, Hapur district, in western Uttar Pradesh, India.	Hapur	India
country	The Baw Baw National Park is a national park located on the boundaries between the Central Highlands and Gippsland regions of Victoria, Australia.	Baw Baw National Park	Australia
country	Famaillá is a city in the province of Tucumán, Argentina, located 30 km south from the provincial capital San Miguel de Tucumán.	Famaillá	Argentina
country	Beit Gamliel (Hebrew: בֵּית גַּמְלִיאֵל, lit. House of Gamliel) is a religious moshav in central Israel.	Beit Gamliel	Israel
country	During the Second World war, Maybach produced the engines for Nazi Germany's medium and heavy tanks, as well as the light tank, Panzer II. The engine plant was one of several industries targeted at Friedrichshafen.	Maybach	Germany
country	Døtreskolen af 1791 (``The Daughter School of 1791'') was a girls school active in Copenhagen in Denmark from 1791 until 1899.	Døtreskolen af 1791	Denmark
country	Anjireh-ye Bala (Persian: انجيره بالا‎, also Romanized as Ānjīreh-ye Bālā; also known as Anjīreh) is a village in Harabarjan Rural District, Marvast District, Khatam County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Anjireh-ye Bala	Iran
country	Jaude Centre is one of the most important shopping malls in Clermont-Ferrand, France.	Jaude Centre	France
country	Alsvåg Church (Norwegian: Alsvåg kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Øksnes in Nordland county, Norway.	Alsvåg Church	Norway
country	Břeclav railway station (Czech: Železniční stanice Břeclav) is an important international railway junction in the Czech Republic, located in the town of Břeclav in South Moravia, close to the borders with Austria and Slovakia.	Břeclav railway station	Czech Republic
country	Norðoyatunnilin (The Northern Isles Tunnel) is a two lane road tunnel under the Leirvíksfjørður in the Faroe Islands.	Norðoyatunnilin	Faroe Islands
country	The Rhenish Massif (German: Rheinisches Schiefergebirge: Rhenish Slate Mountains) is a geologic massif in western Germany, eastern Belgium, Luxembourg and northeastern France.	Rhenish Massif	Germany	Belgium	Luxembourg
country	Mamberamo Raya Regency is one of the regencies (kabupaten) in Papua province, Indonesia; it was created on 15 March 2007 from parts of Sarmi Regency and Waropen Regency.	Mamberamo Raya Regency	Indonesia
country	Pavlodar (Kazakh and Russian: Павлодар, Pavlodar) is a city in northeastern Kazakhstan and the capital of Pavlodar Region.	Pavlodar	Kazakhstan
country	The Moose Ponds are an expansion of the South Nahanni River just below its headwaters and are the starting point for 50 km of virtually continuous Class II - Class IV whitewater in Canada.	Moose Ponds	Canada
country	Bankfalu is a neighborhood in the north of Kiskunfélegyháza, in Hungary.	Bankfalu	Hungary
country	Breezanddijk (West Frisian: Breesândyk) is a small community that lies near the midpoint of the Afsluitdijk, part of the A7 motorway, in the Netherlands.	Breezanddijk	Netherlands
country	Klevan (Ukrainian: Клевань; Polish: Klewań) is an urban-type settlement in the Rivne Raion (district) of Rivne Oblast (province) in western Ukraine.	Klevan	Ukraine
country	Juan Gualberto Gómez Airport (IATA: VRA, ICAO: MUVR), formerly known as Varadero Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto de Varadero), is an international airport serving Varadero, Cuba and the province of Matanzas.	Juan Gualberto Gómez Airport	Cuba
country	Spreetal (Sorbian: Sprjewiny Doł) is a municipality in the district of Bautzen, in Saxony, Germany.	Spreetal	Germany
country	Axelborg is a building on Vesterbrogade in Copenhagen, Denmark, home to the Danish Agriculture and Food Council.	Axelborg	Denmark
country	Bafilo is a city in Togo south of Kara, in Kara Region.	Bafilo	Togo
country	The Memorial of the Victims of Communism and of the Resistance (Romanian: Memorialul Victimelor Comunismului şi al Rezistenţei) in Romania consists of the Sighet Museum (often confused with the Memorial) and the International Centre for Studies into Communism.	Memorial of the Victims of Communism and of the Resistance	Romania
country	The Mexicali Institute of Technology (Spanish: Instituto Tecnológico de Mexitali, ITM) is a college level technological institution located in the city of Mexicali, Baja California, Mexico.	Mexicali Institute of Technology	Mexico
country	Tarkam (Persian: تركام‎, also Romanized as Tarkām, Terkām, and Ter Kām) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District, Chahardangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Tarkam	Iran
country	Saint-Michel-de-Napierville Aerodrome (TC LID: CMN3) is an aerodrome located 1.5 nautical miles (2.8 km; 1.7 mi) south of Saint-Michel-de-Napierville, Quebec, Canada	Saint-Michel-de-Napierville Aerodrome	Canada
country	The Most Worshipful National Grand Lodge Free & Accepted Ancient York Masons Prince Hall Origin National Compact USA (also referred to as Prince Hall Origin as well as Compact Masons) is a body of Prince Hall Freemasonry in the United States of America composed predominantly of African American Freemasons.	National Grand Lodge	United States of America
country	The Château de Rustéphan is a small, ruined 15th--16th century manor-house in the Finistère département of France.	Château de Rustéphan	France
country	Prażki (ˈpraʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Będków, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Prażki	Poland
country	Birkbeck, University of London (formerly Birkbeck College, informally Birkbeck), is a public research university located in Bloomsbury, London, United Kingdom, which specialises in evening higher education, and a constituent college of the federal University of London.	Birkbeck, University of London	United Kingdom
country	Radio Windy was a local radio station in Wellington, New Zealand.	Radio Windy	New Zealand
country	Plonéis (Breton: Ploneiz) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.	Plonéis	France
country	The Yitzhak Rabin Center is a library and research center in Tel Aviv, Israel, built in memory of assassinated Israeli prime minister Yitzhak Rabin.	Yitzhak Rabin Center	Israel
country	L'Haridon Bight is one of the bays on the eastern side of the Peron Peninsula in the Shark Bay World Heritage Site in the Gascoyne region of Western Australia.	L'Haridon Bight	Australia
country	Abaiang, also known as Apaiang, Apia, and in the past, Charlotte Island, in the Northern Gilbert Islands, is a coral atoll of Kiribati, located in the west-central Pacific Ocean.	Abaiang	Kiribati
country	This led to around 1,700 new houses being built in Thurso and nearby Castletown, a mixture of local authority housing blended with private houses and flats built by the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority.	Thurso	United Kingdom
country	Novi Pot (pronounced (ˈnɔːʋi ˈpoːt)) is a small remote settlement in the hills northwest of Sodražica in southern Slovenia.	Novi Pot	Slovenia
country	Poponto Swamp is a swamp in Luzon, Philippines, located at the boundary of Tarlac and Pangasinan provinces.	Poponto Swamp	Philippines
country	The Kea Channel, is a passage of water in the Aegean Sea, lying between the islands of Kea and Makronisos, just off Cape Sounion, Attica on the mainland of Greece.	Kea Channel	Greece
country	Ghar-e Rubah Minining Complex (Persian: معادن سنگ منطقه غارروباه‎ -- Maʿādan Sang-e Monţeqeh Ghār-e Rūbāh) is a villageand company town in Zarkan Rural District, Meymeh District, Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Ghar-e Rubah Minining Complex	Iran
country	Tisno is a town and a municipality in Šibenik-Knin County, Dalmatia, Croatia.	Tisno	Croatia
country	The Enforcement Authority (Swedish: Kronofogdemyndigheten; literally: The Crown's Bailiff Authority) is a government agency handling debt collection, distraint and evictions in Sweden.	Enforcement Authority	Sweden
country	Zalegoshch (Russian: Залегощь) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) and the administrative center of Zalegoshchensky District of Oryol Oblast, Russia, located on the Neruch River, 63 kilometers (39 mi) east of Oryol.	Zalegoshch	Russia
country	Surbiton Lagoon is a defunct and demolished open air swimming pool that was located in Tolworth, in London, United Kingdom.	Surbiton Lagoon	United Kingdom
country	Brzustowa (bʐusˈtɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowniki, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Brzustowa	Poland
country	Mkomazi National Park is located in north eastern Tanzania on the Kenyan border, in Kilimanjaro Region and Tanga Region.	Mkomazi National Park	Tanzania
country	Sääksjärvi is a lake in Kokemäki, Satakunta, western Finland, east from the town of Pori.	Sääksjärvi	Finland
country	Ewunin (ɛˈvunin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilkołaz, within Kraśnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Ewunin	Poland
country	As reported in the 2011 India census, Ramkola had a population of 14,433.	Ramkola	India
country	Scornicești (Romanian pronunciation: (skorniˈt͡ʃeʃtʲ)) is a town in Olt County, Romania with a population of 11,766.	Scornicești	Romania
country	Ano Liosia (Greek: Άνω Λιόσια) is a suburb and a former municipality in the northern part of the Athens agglomeration, Greece.	Ano Liosia	Greece
country	Okorukambe Constituency, until 2013 Steinhausen Constituency, is an electoral constituency in the Omaheke Region of Namibia.	Okorukambe Constituency	Namibia
country	Silivri Prison (Turkish: Silivri Cezaevi) or officially Silivri Penitentiaries Campus (Turkish: Silivri Ceza İnfaz Kurumları Kampüsü) is a high-security state correctional institution complex in the Silivri district of Istanbul Province in Turkey.	Silivri Prison	Turkey
country	Chachoengsao Junction Railway Station is a main railway station in Eastern Thailand on State Railway of Thailand Eastern Line.	Chachoengsao Junction Railway Station	Thailand
country	The Brücke von Andau (Hungarian: Andaui-híd or Mosontarcsai-hid) is a small bridge over the Einserkanal/Hansági-főcsatorna, a small river which forms part of the border between Austria and Hungary.	Brücke von Andau	Austria
country	The Mopan River is a river in Guatemala and the Cayo district in western Belize near the border with Guatemala.	Mopan River	Belize
country	Sosnowe Bagno (sɔsˈnɔvɛ ˈbaɡnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Sosnowe Bagno	Poland
country	Arjuno-Welirang is a stratovolcano in the province of East Java on Java, Indonesia.	Arjuno-Welirang	Indonesia
country	The Berlin Zoological Garden (German: Zoologischer Garten Berlin) is the oldest and best known zoo in Germany.	Berlin Zoological Garden	Germany
country	Port Kavkaz (Russian: Порт Кавказ) is a small harbour on the Kerch Strait in Krasnodar Krai, Russia.	Port Kavkaz	Russia
country	Tan Teck Guan Building (Chinese: 陈德源大楼; pinyin: Chén Déyuán dàlóu) is a historic building on MacAlister Road, within the compound of Singapore General Hospital in Bukit Merah, Singapore.	Tan Teck Guan Building	Singapore
country	Mozelj (pronounced (ˈmoːzəl); sometimes Gorenji Mozelj, German: Obermösel or Mösel) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Mozelj	Slovenia
country	The Liskeard and Caradon Railway was a mineral railway in Cornwall, in the United Kingdom, which opened in 1844.	Liskeard and Caradon Railway	United Kingdom
country	Eydanak (Persian: ايدنك‎, also Romanized as ``Īdanak) is a village in Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Landeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 992, in 193 families.	Eydanak	Iran
country	Sant Miquel del Fai is a cenobitic Benedictine monastery in Bigues i Riells, Catalonia, Spain.	Sant Miquel del Fai	Spain
country	The Harburg S-Bahn line is a railway line in southern Hamburg, Germany.	Harburg S-Bahn	Germany
country	Dompoase, a suburb of Kumasi, Ashanti Region, is a town of 30,000 people in Ghana.	Dompoase	Ghana
country	The 1997 Sunbelt IndyCarnival was the second round of the 1997 CART World Series Season, held on 6 April 1997 on the Surfers Paradise Street Circuit, Surfers Paradise, Queensland, Australia.	1997 Sunbelt IndyCarnival	Australia
country	Design School Kolding (Danish: Designskolen Kolding) is a design school located in Kolding, Denmark.	Design School Kolding	Denmark
country	Little Ilford School is a secondary school located in Little Ilford in the London Borough of Newham in London, United Kingdom.	Little Ilford School	United Kingdom
country	The Benalmádena Museum is located on Luis Peralta Avenue, in the Benalmádena old town area, in the province of Málaga, Spain.	Benalmádena Museum	Spain
country	The Hague City Hall is the city hall of The Hague, Netherlands.	The Hague City Hall	Netherlands
country	Neak Leung (also romanized as Nak Loeung, Khmer: អ្នកលឿង) is a busy commercial town in Prey Veng Province, Cambodia.	Neak Leung	Cambodia
country	Sennen Cove Lifeboat Station is the base for Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI) search and rescue operations for the sea around Land's End, Cornwall in the United Kingdom.	Sennen Cove Lifeboat Station	United Kingdom
country	Yıldız (literally ``a star'' in Turkish) is a neighbourhood located in the Beşiktaş district of Istanbul, Turkey.	Yıldız	Turkey
country	The Stuttgart Stadtbahn is a light rail system in Stuttgart, Germany.	Stuttgart Stadtbahn	Germany
country	Dollrottfeld (Danish: Dollerødmark) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Dollrottfeld	Germany
country	La Selva del Camp is a municipality in the province of Tarragona, Catalonia, northern Spain.	La Selva del Camp	Spain
country	The Brampton Civic Hospital is one of Canada's first public hospitals to be designed, built, financed, and maintained under a private-public partnership.	Brampton Civic Hospital	Canada
country	Men-Tsee-Khang (Tibetan:བོད་ཀྱི་སྨན་རྩིས་ཁང་། Wylie: bod kyi sman rtsis khang) formally also known as Tibetan Medical and Astro Institute), is a charitable institution based in Dharamsala, Himachal Pradesh, India.	Men-Tsee-Khang	India
country	Bierzwienna Długa-Kolonia (bjɛʐˈvjɛnna ˈdwuɡa kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Bierzwienna Długa-Kolonia	Poland
country	The César Gaviria Trujillo Viaduct (Spanish: Viaducto César Gaviria Trujillo) is a cable-stayed bridge connecting the neighbouring cities of Pereira and Dosquebradas in Risaralda, Colombia.	César Gaviria Trujillo Viaduct	Colombia
country	The Sula Islands (Indonesian: Kepulauan Sula) are a group of islands in North Maluku in Indonesia.	Sula Islands	Indonesia
country	Bokso-Jol (Kyrgyz: Бөксө-Жол) is a village in the Jaiyl District of Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Bokso-Jol	Kyrgyzstan
country	The Palazzo della Cancelleria (Italian for ``Palace of the Chancellery'', meaning the Papal Chancellery) is a Renaissance palace in Rome, Italy, situated between the present Corso Vittorio Emanuele II and the Campo de' Fiori, in the rione of Parione.	Palazzo della Cancelleria	Italy
country	Bokpyin (Burmese: ဘုတ်ပြင်းမြို့, Thai: บกเปี้ยน; RTGS: Bok Pian) is a town in Taninthayi Division, Myanmar.	Bokpyin	Myanmar
country	Skavica Hydro Power Plant is a proposed large power plant on the Drin River situated in Albania.	Skavica Hydro Power Plant	Albania
country	The Usman Institute of Technology (known as UIT), is a private research Institute located urban area of Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Usman Institute of Technology	Pakistan
country	The City of Tshwane Metropolitan Municipality i/ˈtswɑːneɪ/ (also known as the City of Tshwane) is the metropolitan municipality that forms the local government of northern Gauteng Province, South Africa.	City of Tshwane Metropolitan Municipality	South Africa
country	Junta Grande (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈxunta ˈɡɾande)) is the most common name for the executive government of the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata (modern-day Argentina), that followed the incorporation of provincial representatives into the Primera Junta (First Junta).	Junta Grande	Argentina
country	Naogaon (Bengali: নওগাঁ Nôogã) is a town in northern Bangladesh.	Naogaon	Bangladesh
country	Colonia Tránsito is a colonia or neighborhood in the Cuauhtémoc borough of Mexico City, just south of the city's historic center.	Colonia Tránsito	Mexico
country	Plougasnou (Breton: Plouganoù) is a commune in the Finistère department in Brittany in northwestern France, located about 75 kilometres east of Brest.	Plougasnou	France
country	Tabas Rural District (Persian: دهستان طبس‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tabas Rural District	Iran
country	The Kyselka Spa (Czech: Lázně Kyselka; German: Bad Giesshübl), older name Kysibl, is a complex of former public baths in the village of Kyselka in the vicinity of Karlovy Vary in the Czech Republic.	Kyselka Spa	Czech Republic
country	Kato Nevrokopi (Greek: Κάτω Νευροκόπι ``Lower Nevrokopi'', Bulgarian: Зърнево, Zarnevo) is a municipality and town within that municipality in the northwest section of the Drama regional unit, Greece.	Kato Nevrokopi	Greece
country	Canala Airport (ICAO: NWWX) is an airport serving Canala, a commune in the North Province of New Caledonia (French: Nouvelle-Calédonie), an overseas territory (territoire d'outre-mer) of France in the Pacific Ocean.	Canala Airport	New Caledonia
country	Yulha Station is a station of the Daegu Subway Line 1 in Yulha-dong, Dong District, Daegu, South Korea.	Yulha Station	South Korea
country	Akhtubinsk (Russian: Ахту́бинск) is a town and the administrative center of Akhtubinsky District in Astrakhan Oblast, Russia, located on the left bank of the Akhtuba River (a tributary of the Volga), 292 kilometers (181 mi) north of Astrakhan, the administrative center of the oblast.	Akhtubinsk	Russia
country	Safra Basteh (Persian: صفرابسته‎, also Romanized as Şafrā Basteh) is a village in Kiashahr Rural District, Kiashahr District, Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Safra Basteh	Iran
country	Borçka Dam (Turkish: Borçka Barajı) is a dam on the Çoruh River 1.5 km (0.93 mi) south east of Borçka in Artvin Province, Turkey.	Borçka Dam	Turkey
country	Hajji Tu (Persian: حاجي تو‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Tū, Haji Too, and Ḩājītū) is a village in Qolqol Rud Rural District, Qolqol Rud District, Tuyserkan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Hajji Tu	Iran
country	The Tucuruí Dam (Tucuruí means ``grasshopper's water'', translated from Tupí language; Portuguese: Tucuruí) is a concrete gravity dam on the Tocantins River located on the Tucuruí County in the State of Pará, Brazil.	Tucuruí Dam	Brazil
country	Vestindisk Pakhus (English: West India Warehouse), located on Tolbodgade on the waterfront between Amalienborg Palace and Langelinie, is a former 18th-century warehouse in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Vestindisk Pakhus	Denmark
country	Raman Research Institute (RRI) is an institute of scientific research located in Bangalore, India.	Raman Research Institute	India
country	New R. S. J. Public School (initialised as NRSJPS, the abbreviation standing for Recreational Study Junction), is a secular co-educational English medium private school located in Jhusi, Allahabad, India.	New R. S. J. Public School	India
country	The Mutual Life & Citizens Assurance Company Building (also known as Richard Ellis House or the MLC building) is a building located on the corner of Lambton Quay, Hunter Street and Featherston Street in Wellington, New Zealand.	Mutual Life & Citizens Assurance Company Building	New Zealand
country	Yabba Falls is a waterfall on Yabba Creek, a tributary of the Mary River, in Queensland, Australia.	Yabba Falls	Australia
country	Krynki Borowe (ˈkrɨnki bɔˈrɔvɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Krynki Borowe	Poland
country	Libeliška Gora (pronounced (libɛˈliːʃka ˈɡɔːɾa)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills south of Libeliče in the Municipality of Dravograd in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia, right on the border with Austria.	Libeliška Gora	Slovenia
country	The Gove Peninsula (12°17′S 136°49′E) is at the northeastern corner of Arnhem Land in the Northern Territory of Australia.	Gove Peninsula	Australia
country	The Pictou Group is a stratigraphical unit of Late Carboniferous to Permian age in the Cumberland Basin of Atlantic Canada.	Pictou Group	Canada
country	La Albuera is a village southeast of Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain.	La Albuera	Spain
country	Keilhaus topp is one of Norway's highest mountains, but is not always included in rankings due to its prominence of only 20 m. The summit lies approximately 750 m east of Galdhøpiggen, Norway's highest.	Keilhaus topp	Norway
country	Buraan, also known as Hiil Buran, Baran and Borrān, is a town in the northern Sanaag region of Somalia.	Buraan	Somalia
country	German submarine U-608 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. During the Battle of the Atlantic, she was commanded by Rolf Struckmeier as a unit of Wolfpack Vorwärts (2--15 September 1942).	German submarine U-608	Germany
country	Hylsfjorden or Hylsfjord is a fjord in the municipality Suldal in Rogaland county, Norway.	Hylsfjord	Norway
country	Kahrar-e Dejgah (Persian: كهرار دجگه‎, also Romanized as Kahrār-e Dejgah; also known as Dejgah) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kahrar-e Dejgah	Iran
country	Eurasia International Film Festival is an international film festival held in Kazakhstan.	Eurasia International Film Festival	Kazakhstan
country	The Te Mihi Power Station is a 166 MW geothermal power station owned and operated by Contact Energy, located north of Taupo in New Zealand.	Te Mihi Power Station	New Zealand
country	Levidi (Greek: Λεβίδι) is a small town and a former municipality in Arcadia, Peloponnese, Greece.	Levidi	Greece
country	Sarandí del Yí is a city in the Durazno Department of central Uruguay.	Sarandí del Yí	Uruguay
country	Rosengård (literally ``Rose Manor'') was a city district (Swedish: stadsdel) in the center of Malmö Municipality, Sweden.	Rosengård	Sweden
country	ChilOut (Children Out of Detention) is a group opposed to the mandatory detention of children under 18 in immigration detention centres in Australia.	ChilOut	Australia
country	Palazzo Malipiero is a palace in Venice, Italy.	Palazzo Malipiero	Italy
country	Mokkavatnet is a lake in the Ogndal area of the municipality of Steinkjer in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Mokkavatnet	Norway
country	Parque del Plata is a city of the Costa de Oro in the Canelones Department of southern Uruguay.	Parque del Plata	Uruguay
country	Grunnavík is a bay (vík) at the mouth of Jökulfirðir, in Westfjords, Iceland, located some 12 km to the ENE of Bolungarvík.	Grunnavík	Iceland
country	Buczkowice (but͡ʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in Bielsko County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Buczkowice	Poland
country	Hofireh (Persian: حفيره‎, also Romanized as Ḩofīreh and Ḩofeyreh; also known as Ḩoteyreh) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hofireh	Iran
country	Przenosza (pʂɛˈnɔʂa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra, within Limanowa County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Przenosza	Poland
country	Srock (srɔt͡sk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moszczenica, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Srock	Poland
country	Ceel Garab Jeelow (also: El Garb Gellou) is a small village in the Luuq District of the Gedo region in the south-west of Somalia.	Ceel Garab Jeelow	Somalia
country	Harje (pronounced (ˈxaːɾjɛ)) is a village in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia.	Harje	Slovenia
country	Rzechowo Wielkie (ʐɛˈxɔvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sypniewo, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rzechowo Wielkie	Poland
country	Phaeton Airport is an airport located in Phaeton, Haiti a town in the Fort-Liberte area, the Phaeton airport was built as part of the Dauphin Plantation.	Phaeton Airport	Haiti
country	Zubowice-Kolonia (zubɔˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komarów-Osada, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Zubowice-Kolonia	Poland
country	Viduj (Persian: ويدوج‎, also Romanized as Vīdūj; also known as Vidūch) is a village in Golab Rural District, Barzok District, Kashan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Viduj	Iran
country	Catarman National Airport (Filipino: Paliparang Pambansa ng Catarman, Waray-Waray: Nasudnon nga Luparan san Catarman) (IATA: CRM, ICAO: RPVF), otherwise known as Catarman Airport, is an airport serving the general area of Catarman, located in the province of Northern Samar in the Philippines.	Catarman National Airport	Philippines
country	The John F. Cotton Corporate Wellness Center or John F. Cotton Hospital Center for Corporation Wellness, formerly known only as the John F. Cotton Hospital (JFCH), is a privately owned hospital located inside the compound of MERALCO, a major electric company in the Philippines.	John F. Cotton Corporate Wellness Center	Philippines
country	Kitee (Swedish: Kides) is a town and a municipality of Finland.	Kitee	Finland
country	On April 27, 1980, Nicolas Jaeger was seen for the last time at 8,200 metres (26,900 ft) altitude during an attempted ascent of Lhotse Shar in Nepal, and is presumed dead.	Lhotse Shar	Nepal
country	Manzimpara is a village in the Shopian district of Jammu and Kashmir state in India.	Manzimpara	India
country	The Al Mujaheddin Mosque (Malay: Masjid Al Mujaheddin) is a mosque in Damansara Utama, Selangor, Malaysia.	Al Mujaheddin Mosque	Malaysia
country	Vífilsfell is a subglacial mound in southwestern Iceland.	Vífilsfell	Iceland
country	The Mokohinau Islands are a small group of islands that lie off the northeast coast of New Zealand's North Island.	Mokohinau Islands	New Zealand
country	Échandens is a municipality in the district of Morges of the Canton of Vaud, Switzerland.	Échandens	Switzerland
country	The College of Music, Mahidol University is a music school in Phutthamonthon, Nakhon Pathom, (in the western suburbs of Bangkok, Thailand).	College of Music, Mahidol University	Thailand
country	Iconi (or Ikoni) is a town on the island of Grande Comore in the Comoros.	Iconi	Comoros
country	Rejupara is a village in Bandarban District in the Chittagong Division of southeastern Bangladesh.	Rejupara	Bangladesh
country	Bojtina (pronounced (ˈboːi̯tina)) is a dispersed settlement in the Pohorje Hills in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia.	Bojtina	Slovenia
country	The Argentine North Eastern Railway (ANER) (in Spanish: Ferrocarril Noreste Argentino) was a British-owned railway company, founded in 1887, that operated a 1,435 mm (4 ft 8 1⁄2 in) standard gauge railway network in the provinces of Entre Ríos, Corrientes and Misiones in Argentina.	Argentine North Eastern Railway	Argentina
country	Laseh Golan (Persian: لاسه گلان‎, also Romanized as Lāseh Golān) is a village in Il Teymur Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Laseh Golan	Iran
country	Aranzəmin (Armenian: Վարազաբուն, Varazabun) (also, Aranzami and Varazaboun) is a village in the Khojali Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Aranzəmin	Azerbaijan
country	Kenepuru is a primarily industrial suburb of the city of Porirua in New Zealand.	Kenepuru	New Zealand
country	Talaimannar (Tamil: தலைமன்னார்; Sinhalese: තලෙයිමන්නාරම) is a settlement in Sri Lanka located on the northwestern coast of Mannar Island.	Talaimannar	Sri Lanka
country	Muzeum Broni Pancernej Centrum Szkolenia Wojsk Lądowych im. Hetmana Polnego Koronnego Stefana Czarnieckiego w Poznaniu, abbreviated Muzeum Broni Pancernej CSWL (Armoured Warfare Museum) is a large collection of military vehicles, located within Land Forces Training Center in Poznań, Poland.	Muzeum Broni Pancernej Centrum Szkolenia Wojsk Lądowych	Poland
country	Salwan is a village of high historical interest in Karnal District, Haryana, India.	Salwan	India
country	On 28 August, 2015 Jhansi was selected among 98 cities for smart city initiative by Government of India.	Jhansi	India
country	Tararua College is a secondary school in Pahiatua, New Zealand, with a role of approximately 407 students.	Tararua College	New Zealand
country	Kadampuzha Devi Temple is a Hindu temple and pilgrimage center at Kadampuzha, near Kuttippuram in Malappuram district, Kerala, India.	Kadampuzha Devi Temple	India
country	Ashcroft railway station is on the Canadian National Railway mainline in Ashcroft, British Columbia, Canada.	Ashcroft railway station	Canada
country	Cherendey (Russian: Черендей) is a rural locality (a selo), one of three settlements, in addition to Daban and Kochegarovo, in Dabansky Rural Okrug of Olyokminsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia.	Cherendey	Russia
country	Storkyrkobrinken (Swedish: ``Big Church Slope'') is a street in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Storkyrkobrinken	Sweden
country	Caudete (Spanish: Caudete) is a municipality in Albacete, Castile-La Mancha, Spain.	Caudete	Spain
country	Beintza-Labaien is a municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarra, in northern Spain.	Beintza-Labaien	Spain
country	Brezovica pri Borovnici (pronounced (ˈbɾeːzɔʋitsa pɾi bɔɾɔu̯ˈniːtsi); German: Bresowitz) is a settlement south of Borovnica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Brezovica pri Borovnici	Slovenia
country	The Case for Australia Labor Daily Printers 1931 as well as the more mundane work such as Union rule books.	Labor Daily	Australia
country	Schwerin Palace, or Schwerin Castle (German: Schweriner Schloss, German pronunciation: (ʃvɛ ʁiːn')), is a palatial schloss located in the city of Schwerin, the capital of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern state, Germany.	Schwerin Palace	Germany
country	Fyns Hoved is a bight of northeastern Funen, Denmark, curving south to form the approach to Odense Fjord.	Fyns Hoved	Denmark
country	Krasnorechenskoye (or Krasnaya Rechka, 'Red River') is a village in the Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan 8 km east of Kant.	Krasnorechenskoye	Kyrgyzstan
country	Jhelum District (Urdu: ضلع جہلم‎) is in Pothohar Plateau of the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Jhelum District	Pakistan
country	The Chi River (Thai: แม่น้ำชี, rtgs: Maenam Chi, IPA: (mɛ̂ːnáːm tɕʰīː)) is the longest river flowing wholly within Thailand.	Chi River	Thailand
country	Duląbka (duˈlɔmpka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowiec, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Duląbka	Poland
country	Jarnostaw (jarˈnɔstaf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośnie, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Jarnostaw	Poland
country	Pärnu Bay (Estonian: Pärnu laht) is a bay in the northeastern part of the Gulf of Livonia, Estonia.	Pärnu Bay	Estonia
country	Drum Media was a free weekly tabloid-sized music and lifestyle magazine (street press) established in 1990 and based in Sydney, Australia.	Drum Media	Australia
country	The Saint Peter Metropolitan Cathedral, also referred to as the San Pedro Cathedral or Davao Cathedral, is a Roman Catholic cathedral located at Barangay Poblacion District, Davao City, Philippines.	Davao Cathedral	Philippines
country	GKS Katowice (Polish pronunciation: (katɔˈvitsɛ); GKS stands for Górniczy Klub Sportowy ``Miners Sporting Club'') is a Polish football club based in Katowice, Poland.	GKS Katowice	Poland
country	Zaouia Foukania is a village and zaouia in the commune of Taghit, in Taghit District, Béchar Province, Algeria.	Zaouia Foukania	Algeria
country	Saltillo is located in the Chihuahuan Desert but temperatures are cooler than other desert cities in Mexico because it is located in an altitude of 1,600 meters.	Saltillo	Mexico
country	Yalkhoroy (Russian: Ялхорой) is a village in the Chechen Republic, Russia.	Yalkhoroy	Russia
country	Urak Valley is a valley surrounded by mountains in the Quetta District of Balochistan Province, in western Pakistan.	Urak Valley	Pakistan
country	Guadalajara-Yebes railway station (Spanish: Estación de Guadalajara-Yebes) (IATA: GDU) is a railway station in Guadalajara, Spain on the Madrid-Barcelona high-speed rail line.	Guadalajara-Yebes railway station	Spain
country	Patal Rahimi (Persian: پاتل رحيمي‎, also Romanized as Pātal Raḩīmī) is a village in Khafri Rural District, in the Central District of Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Patal Rahimi	Iran
country	Balingian (also known as Baligian) is a town in Sarawak, Malaysia.	Balingian	Malaysia
country	Gradeshnitsa (Градешница) is a village of the Vratsa Province, Bulgaria.	Gradeshnitsa	Bulgaria
country	Moyo Airport (IATA: OYG, ICAO: n/a) is an airport in Uganda.	Moyo Airport	Uganda
country	Cerro Maltusado (Spanish for badly cut mane) is the highest peak of La Peineta arête in the Andes of Los Ríos Region, Chile.	Cerro Maltusado	Chile
country	Shinwari District (Persian: ولسوالی شینواری‎, Pashto: شينواري ولسوالۍ‎) is a district of Parwan Province, Afghanistan.	Shinwari District	Afghanistan
country	Eas a' Chual Aluinn (grid reference NC281278) in the parish of Assynt, Sutherland, Highland, Scotland, is the highest waterfall in the United Kingdom with a sheer drop of 658 ft (200 m).	Eas a' Chual Aluinn	United Kingdom
country	Merambong Island (Malay: Pulau Merambong) is an uninhabited island located in Johor, Malaysia, just off the western side of the Malaysia-Singapore border.	Merambong Island	Malaysia
country	The Gargano National Park (Italian: Parco nazionale del Gargano) is a national park in the province of Foggia, southern Italy.	Gargano National Park	Italy
country	Corciano remained part of the Papal States until the plebiscite of 1860 joined it to the Kingdom of Italy.	Corciano	Italy
country	Masnedsund Bridge (Danish, Masnedsundbroen) is a road and railway bascule bridge that crosses Masnedsund between the islands Masnedø and Zealand (Sjælland) in Denmark.	Masnedsund Bridge	Denmark
country	The Portezuelo Formation is a geologic formation outcropping in the Mendoza, Río Negro and Neuquén provinces of Argentina.	Portezuelo Formation	Argentina
country	Mdina Glass is a manufacturer of glassware, based in Malta.	Mdina Glass	Malta
country	Biburg Abbey (Kloster Biburg) was a house of the Benedictines located at Biburg in Bavaria, Germany.	Biburg Abbey	Germany
country	Herstal, formerly known as Heristal, or Héristal, is a municipality of Belgium.	Herstal	Belgium
country	The Cross River National Park is a national park of Nigeria, located in Cross River State, Nigeria.	Cross River National Park	Nigeria
country	The House of Wettin is a dynasty of German counts, dukes, prince-electors and kings that once ruled territories of present-day German states of Saxony and Thuringia for 953 years.	House of Wettin	Saxony
country	Oberlangen is a municipality in district (Landkreis) Emsland, Lower Saxony (Niedersachsen), north-western Germany.	Oberlangen	Germany
country	Westland District is a political subdivision on the West Coast of New Zealand's South Island.	Westland District	New Zealand
country	Białousy (bjawɔˈusɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Białousy	Poland
country	Pačlavice (German Patzeslawitz) is a village and municipality (obec) in Kroměříž District in the Zlín Region of the Czech Republic.	Pačlavice	Czech Republic
country	Zakałcze Wielkie (zaˈkau̯t͡ʂɛ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) (German: Groß Sackautschen, 1938-1945: Großsackau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Zakałcze Wielkie	Poland
country	However, Poland is still the largest market for Wizz Air.	Wizz Air	Poland
country	The Olympic Oval in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, is a covered speed skating oval built for the 1988 Winter Olympics.	Olympic Oval	Canada
country	The Guban (Somali: Guban, 'burnt' or 'burned') is a coastal desert in northwestern Somalia.	Guban	Somalia
country	Kin Yang Academy (Filipino: Paaralan ng Kin Yang, abbreviated KYA) is a coeducational private school located in the city of Dasmariñas, province of Cavite, Philippines.	Kin Yang Academy	Philippines
country	Lake Malta, known also as the Maltański Reservoir, is an artificial lake in Poznań, Poland.	Lake Malta	Poland
country	Kronberg Academy is an international cultural institution based in Kronberg im Taunus, Germany, for the education and support of highly gifted young violinists, violists and especially cellists.	Kronberg Academy	Germany
country	Coalition Party Youth League (Finnish: Kokoomuksen Nuorten Liitto, Swedish: Samlingspartiets Ungdomsförbund) is a political youth organization in Finland.	Coalition Party Youth League	Finland
country	Frednes Bridge (Frednesbrua) is a bridge located on Highway 354 in Porsgrunn municipality in Telemark county, Norway.	Frednes Bridge	Norway
country	Schriesheim is a town located in Baden-Württemberg, Germany, north of Heidelberg on the Bergstrasse (``Mountain Road'') and on Bertha Benz Memorial Route.	Schriesheim	Germany
country	Stade du Thillenberg is a football stadium in Differdange, in south-western Luxembourg.	Stade du Thillenberg	Luxembourg
country	Vassås Bridge (Norwegian: Vassås bru) is a cantilever bridge that crosses the Osan fjord in the municipality of Bindal in Nordland county, Norway.	Vassås Bridge	Norway
country	Male Braslovče (pronounced (ˈmaːlɛ ˈbɾaːslɔu̯tʃɛ)) is a settlement on the right bank of the Savinja River north of Braslovče in northern Slovenia.	Male Braslovče	Slovenia
country	KRRG (98.1 FM, ``Big Buck Country'') is a Country music formatted radio station that serves the Laredo, Texas, United States and Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, Mexico border area.	KRRG	Mexico
country	Los Juríes is a municipality and village in Santiago del Estero in Argentina.	Los Juríes	Argentina
country	Botterens (Arpitan: Botèrin ) is a municipality in the district of Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.	Botterens	Switzerland
country	SOS Children's Villages UK, also referred to as ``SOS Children'', is a child sponsorship charity based in Cambridge in the United Kingdom.	SOS Children's Villages UK	United Kingdom
country	The Schöllijoch (el. 3343 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Pennine Alps, connecting Gruben/Meiden and St. Niklaus (Mattertal) in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.	Schöllijoch	Switzerland
country	The Saint Petersburg Metro (Russian: Петербу́ргский метрополитен) is the underground railway system in Saint Petersburg and Leningrad Oblast, Russia.	Saint Petersburg Metro	Russia
country	Devil's Throat Cave, or Dyavolsko Garlo, is located in the western Rhodopes in Bulgaria, near its border to Greece.	Devil's Throat Cave	Bulgaria
country	Besharjan (Persian: بشارجان‎, also Romanized as Beshārjān) is a village in Mahur Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Besharjan	Iran
country	The Alet is a river in southwestern France.	Alet	France
country	Montalbo is a municipality in the province of Cuenca, part of the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha, in the country of Spain.	Montalbo	Spain
country	La Tourney is a town on the island of Saint Lucia; it is located on the southern coast close to Hewanorra International Airport.	La Tourney	Saint Lucia
country	The Igel Column is a multi-storeyed Roman sandstone column in the municipality of Igel, Trier, Germany, dated to c. 250 AD.	Igel Column	Germany
country	The Tercero River (Spanish, Río Tercero, ``third river''), also known as Ctalamochita, is the river of the Córdoba Province in Argentina with the most important water flow, 27.17 cubic metres per second (959 cu ft/s).	Tercero River	Argentina
country	Qarah Guzlu-ye Sofla (Persian: قره گوزلوسفلي‎, also Romanized as Qarah Gūzlū-ye Soflá) is a village in Qazvineh Rural District, in the Central District of Kangavar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Qarah Guzlu-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Red Bank, New Brunswick is a small rural community (unincorporated area) in Northumberland County, New Brunswick, Canada.	Red Bank, New Brunswick	Canada
country	Villejuif (pronounced: (vilʒɥif)) is a commune in the southern suburbs of Paris, France.	Villejuif	France
country	Olbia railway station (Italian: Stazione di Olbia) serves the town and comune of Olbia, in the northeast of the island and region of Sardinia, Italy.	Olbia railway station	Italy
country	Majori is the central district of Jūrmala resort town in Latvia famous for its spa hotels, historic Art Nouveau wooden summer houses as well as cultural activities and festivals.	Majori	Latvia
country	The Berhampore State Flats (also known as the Centennial Flats) at 493--507 Adelaide Road, Berhampore, Wellington, New Zealand, are an example of mass housing designed in the international style.	Berhampore State Flats	New Zealand
country	Jehangira Road (Also spelled Jahangira Road) is a town in Nowshera District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province in Pakistan.	Jehangira Road	Pakistan
country	Birpani (Urdu: بیرپانی ‎) is a town and Union Council in Bagh District, Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.	Birpani	Pakistan
country	Chosha Bay (Choshskaya Guba, Russian: Чёшская губа) is an inlet of the Barents Sea, 84 miles (135 km) wide and 62 miles (100 km) long, lies between the East shore of Kanin peninsula and the mainland of northern European Russia.	Chosha Bay	Russia
country	Čabiny (Rusyn: Чабины, Ukrainian: Чабини) is a village and municipality in the Medzilaborce District in the Prešov Region of far north-eastern Slovakia.	Čabiny	Slovakia
country	Wonderlick Entertainment is a boutique music company in Australia with management, recording and publishing arms.	Wonderlick Entertainment	Australia
country	Fiambalá is a town in the department of Tinogasta, located in the west part of Catamarca Province, Argentina.	Fiambalá	Argentina
country	Flamengo Park, also known as Aterro do Flamengo, Eduardo Gomes Park, and Aterro do Brigadeiro Eduardo Gomes, is the largest public park and recreation area within the city of Rio de Janeiro, in eastern Brazil.	Flamengo Park	Brazil
country	North Bačka District (Serbian: Севернобачки округ, Severnobački okrug; Hungarian: Észak-bácskai körzet; Croatian: Sjevernobački okrug; Bunjevac: Sivernobački okrug; Slovak: Severobáčsky okres; Rusyn: Сивернобачки окрух; Romanian: Districtul Bacica de Nord) is a northern district of Serbia.	North Bačka District	Serbia
country	Ewaso Ng'iro is a river in Kenya which rises on the west side of Mount Kenya and flows north then east and finally south-east, passing through Somalia where it joins the Jubba River.	Ewaso Ng'iro	Kenya
country	Réquista (Occitan: Requistar, primarily Ric Estar) is a commune in the Aveyron department in southern France.	Réquista	France
country	Mazraeh-ye Kuhi (Persian: مزرعه كوهي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Kūhī; also known as Kūhī) is a village in Aliabad Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 61, in 23 families.	Mazraeh-ye Kuhi	Iran
country	Kahn-e Qazi (Persian: كهن قاضي‎, also Romanized as Kahn-e Qāẕī and Kahn-e Qāzī; also known as Kahn-e Qāzt, Kohneh Qāẕat, and Qanāt-e Qāẕī) is a village in Horjand Rural District, Kuhsaran District, Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kahn-e Qazi	Iran
country	Tang-e Suk (Persian: تنگ سوك‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Sūḵ; also known as Tang-e Sok) is a village in Eram Rural District, Eram District, Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Tang-e Suk	Iran
country	Zarajec (zaˈrajɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Modliborzyce, in the Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Zarajec	Poland
country	Cuciulat Cave (Romanian: peștera Cuciulat) is located in Podișul Someșan plateau, near the village Cuciulat in the commune Letca, Sălaj County, Romania.	Cuciulat Cave	Romania
country	Mavriki (Greek: Μαυρίκι) is a community in the municipal unit of Aigio, Achaea, Greece.	Mavriki	Greece
country	The Port Klang Komuter station (Malay: Stesen Komuter Pelabuhan Klang) is a train station in Port Klang, Selangor, Malaysia, operated by KTM Komuter.	Port Klang Komuter station	Malaysia
country	Brzeski-Kołaki (ˈbʐɛski kɔˈwaki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Brzeski-Kołaki	Poland
country	Mirac is a settlement in Montenegro, three miles from Kotor.	Mirac	Montenegro
country	Cordignano is a town and comune with 7,116 inhabitants in the province of Treviso, Veneto, Italy.	Cordignano	Italy
country	Ekwulobia is an Igbo speaking town in south eastern Nigeria.	Ekwulobia	Nigeria
country	Vöran (Italian: Verano) is a comune (municipality) in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about 14 kilometres (9 mi) northwest of the city of Bolzano.	Vöran	Italy
country	Today the Albert Dock is a major tourist attraction in the city and the most visited multi-use attraction in the United Kingdom, outside London.	Albert Dock	United Kingdom
country	Metris Prison (Turkish: Metris Cezaevi), or officially Metris Closed Penitentiary (Turkish: Metris Kapalı Ceza İnfaz Kurumu) is a state correctional institution in the Esenler district of Istanbul Province in Turkey.	Metris Prison	Turkey
country	CJCK-FM is a First Nations community radio station that broadcasts at 89.9 FM in Kawawachikamach, Quebec, Canada.	CJCK-FM	Canada
country	Pohrebyshche Raion (Ukrainian: Погребищенський район, translit. Pohrebyschens'kyi raion) is a raion (district) of Vinnytsia Oblast in west-central Ukraine.	Pohrebyshche Raion	Ukraine
country	Klenov (Hungarian: Kelembér) is a village and municipality in Prešov District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Klenov	Slovakia
country	The Swedish Polytechnic (Swedish: Svenska yrkeshögskolan) was an institution of higher professional education (vocational university) in Vaasa, Finland.	Swedish Polytechnic	Finland
country	Kedu Residency (also known as Kedoe and Kedoo) was a colonial administrative unit in Central Java in Java, Indonesia.	Kedu Residency	Indonesia
country	The Sadat Model Public School is a secondary school located in Baldher, Haripur District, in the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan.	Sadat Model Public School	Pakistan
country	The Museo de Charrería or Charrería Museum is located in the historic center of Mexico City on Izazaga Street, in an old monastery which was dedicated to the Virgin of Montserrat.	Museo de Charrería	Mexico
country	Laç (pronounced (lat͡ʃ); definite Albanian form: Laçi) is a town and a former municipality in Lezhë County, northwestern Albania.	Laç	Albania
country	The Lines of Contravallation of Gibraltar (Spanish: Línea de Contravalación de Gibraltar or Línea de Gibraltar), known in English as the ``Spanish Lines'', were a set of fortifications built by the Spanish across the northern part of the isthmus linking Spain with Gibraltar.	Lines of Contravallation of Gibraltar	Spain
country	Aarhus Gymnastikforening (AGF or AGF Aarhus) is one of the oldest sport clubs in Denmark.	Aarhus Gymnastikforening	Denmark
country	Velika humka is an archeological site and settlement near Pilatovići, Požega municipality, Serbia.	Velika humka	Serbia
country	Stichting Alde Fryske Tsjerken (English: Old Frisian Churches Foundation) is an foundation witch aims to preserve churchbuildings in Friesland, the Netherlands.	Stichting Alde Fryske Tsjerken	Netherlands
country	Kašperské Hory (Czech pronunciation: (ˈkaʃpɛrskɛː ˈɦorɪ); German: Bergreichenstein) is a town in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.	Kašperské Hory	Czech Republic
country	Neyriz (Persian: نی‌ریز‎, also Romanized as Neyrīz and Nīrīz) is the capital city of Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Neyriz	Iran
country	Pitt Street Mall is the pedestrianised section of Pitt Street in the Sydney central business district, Australia.	Pitt Street Mall	Australia
country	Tha Wang Tan (Thai: ท่าวังตาล) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Saraphi District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Tha Wang Tan	Thailand
country	Garbatówka-Kolonia (ɡarbaˈtufka kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cyców, within Łęczna County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Garbatówka-Kolonia	Poland
country	Theratpally is a village in Nalgonda district in the state of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Theratpally	India
country	Friedrichsthal is a town and a municipality in the district of Saarbrücken, of Saarland, Germany.	Friedrichsthal	Germany
country	Qarqur (Arabic: قرقور‎, also spelled Qarqar or Karkour) is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of the Hama Governorate, located northwest of Hama.	Qarqur	Syria
country	Miskolc Ice Hall (Hungarian: Miksolci Jégcsarnok) is a multi-purpose indoor arena in Miskolc, Hungary.	Miskolc Ice Hall	Hungary
country	Port Wakefield Circuit was a motor racing circuit located approximately 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) east of the town of Port Wakefield in South Australia.	Port Wakefield Circuit	Australia
country	Bierawa (bjɛˈrava) (German Birawa) is a village in Kędzierzyn-Koźle County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Bierawa	Poland
country	Manawan (named Manouane until 1991) is a First Nations reserve on the south-western shores of Lake Métabeskéga in the Lanaudière region of Quebec, Canada.	Manawan	Canada
country	Wąglik-Kolonia (ˈvɔnɡlik kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wąglik-Kolonia	Poland
country	Castelo de Vide (Portuguese pronunciation: (kɐʃˈtɛlu ðɨ ˈvið(ɨ))) is a municipality in Portugal, with a population of 3,407 inhabitants in 2011, in an area of 264.91 square kilometres (102.28 sq mi).	Castelo de Vide	Portugal
country	Gavrinis (Breton: Gavriniz) is a small island, situated in the Gulf of Morbihan in Brittany, France.	Gavrinis	France
country	Lhota pod Libčany is a village and municipality in the Czech Republic, located about 10 km (6 mi) southwest of Hradec Králové.	Lhota pod Libčany	Czech Republic
country	Jahangir Nagar (Bengali: জাহাঙ্গীর নগর) is the former name of Dhaka, Bangladesh.	Jahangir Nagar	Bangladesh
country	Matabungkay is a barangay of the municipality of Lian, Batangas, the Philippines.	Matabungkay	Philippines
country	Weener (German pronunciation: (ˈveːnɐ)) is a town in the district of Leer, in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Weener	Germany
country	Padhrar (Urdu: پدهراڑ‎) is a village and union council (an administrative subdivision) of Khushab District located in Punjab, Pakistan.	Padhrar	Pakistan
country	Heydar Alat (Persian: حيدرالات‎, also Romanized as Ḩeydar Ālāt) is a village in Gurab Pas Rural District, in the Central District of Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Heydar Alat	Iran
country	Grabina Wola (ɡraˈbina ˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnocin, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Grabina Wola	Poland
country	Bačko Dobro Polje (Serbian Cyrillic: Бачко Добро Поље) is a small village in Serbia, in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina.	Bačko Dobro Polje	Serbia
country	Similajau National Park (SMLJ National Park, Malaysia) is a national park in the Bintulu Division of Sarawak, Malaysia.	Similajau National Park	Malaysia
country	Nowy Kozłów Pierwszy (ˈnɔvɨ ˈkɔzwuf ˈpjɛrfʂɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Sucha, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowy Kozłów Pierwszy	Poland
country	Woolworths Supermarkets (colloquially known as ``Woolies'') is a supermarket/grocery store chain in Australia, owned by Woolworths Limited.	Woolworths Supermarkets	Australia
country	Chehel Gaz (Persian: چهل گز‎; also known as Chākīāl, Chalgial, and Chelgazī) is a village in Sardabeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Chehel Gaz	Iran
country	Porters Pass (elevation 939 metres) is a mountain pass in the Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island.	Porters Pass	New Zealand
country	Kmehin (Hebrew: כְּמֵהִין, lit. Truffle) is a secular moshav in the western Negev desert in Israel.	Kmehin	Israel
country	Captain John's Harbour Boat Restaurant (incorporated as 1518756 Ontario Inc.) was a restaurant and banquet hall in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Captain John's Harbour Boat Restaurant	Canada
country	Tórshavn Cathedral (in Faroese: Havnar Kirkja, or Dómkirkjan) is the second oldest received church of the Faroe Islands, on Tinganes in the old town of Tórshavn.	Tórshavn Cathedral	Faroe Islands
country	During the Peaceful Revolution of 1989, the Alexanderplatz demonstration on 4 November was the largest demonstration in the history of East Germany.	Alexanderplatz	Germany
country	Bronkhorstspruit Dam is a concrete-arch type dam on the Bronkhorst Spruit, near Bronkhorstspruit, Gauteng, South Africa.	Bronkhorstspruit Dam	South Africa
country	The Rishon LeZion Moshe Dayan Railway Station is an Israel Railways station in Rishon LeZion.	Rishon LeZion Moshe Dayan Railway Station	Israel
country	The Siam Cement Public Company Limited (SCG) is the largest cement company in Thailand.	Siam Cement	Thailand
country	Faryab-e Masjid (Persian: فارياب مسجد‎, also Romanized as Fāryāb-e Masjid) is a village in Hati Rural District, Hati District, Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Faryab-e Masjid	Iran
country	Erasmus Hospital (French: Hôpital Érasme, Dutch: Erasmus Ziekenhuis) is a hospital in the Anderlecht municipality of Brussels, Belgium.	Erasmus Hospital	Belgium
country	The Swedish History Museum (Swedish: Historiska museet or Statens historiska museum) is a museum located in Stockholm, Sweden, that covers Swedish archaeology and cultural history from the Mesolithic period to present day.	Swedish History Museum	Sweden
country	The 1930 Meuse Valley fog killed 60 people in Belgium due to a combination of industrial air pollution and climatic conditions.	1930 Meuse Valley fog	Belgium
country	Dogwood Point is the southernmost point of Saint Kitts and Nevis.	Dogwood Point	Saint Kitts and Nevis
country	The Clean Ponds (Russian: Чистые пруды, Chistye Prudy), is a large pond in Moscow, Russia, located in the Basmanny District, on the Boulevard Ring.	Clean Ponds	Russia
country	Magunje is the largest village and principal growth point in Hurungwe Communal Land, Mashonaland West province, Zimbabwe.	Magunje	Zimbabwe
country	Szajk (Croatian: Sajka) is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.	Szajk	Hungary
country	Nafeesabad (Urdu: نفیس آباد ‎) is one of the neighborhoods of Malir Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Nafeesabad	Pakistan
country	The Zuid-Limburgse Stoomtrein Maatschappij (South Limburg Steam Train Company) or ZLSM is a heritage railway operating in the south of the Netherlands.	Zuid-Limburgse Stoomtrein Maatschappij	Netherlands
country	Farkaždin (Serbian Cyrillic: Фаркаждин) is a village in Serbia.	Farkaždin	Serbia
country	The Château de Montmort is a stately home built on the site of a medieval castle in the commune of Montmort-Lucy in the Marne département of France.	Château de Montmort	France
country	Shiga Prefectural Zeze High School (滋賀県立膳所高等学校) is a senior high school situated in Ōtsu, Shiga, Japan, within walking distance of Lake Biwa.	Shiga Prefectural Zeze High School	Japan
country	Kil Municipality (Kils kommun) is a municipality in Värmland County in west central Sweden.	Kil Municipality	Sweden
country	Wadi Ara (also Nahal 'Iron) (Arabic: وادي عارة‎, Hebrew: נחל עירון, ואדי עארה‎), is an area in Israel populated mainly by Arab citizens of Israel.	Wadi Ara	Israel
country	The Moldavian Soviet Socialist Republic (Moldavian SSR or MSSR; Moldovan/Romanian: Република Советикэ Сочиалистэ Молдовеняскэ or Republica Sovietică Socialistă Moldovenească; Russian: Молда́вская Сове́тская Социалисти́ческая Респу́блика Moldavskaya Sovetskaya Sotsialisticheskaya Respublika) was one of the fifteen republics of the Soviet Union.	Moldavian Soviet Socialist Republic	Soviet Union
country	Zemio is a town and sub-prefecture in the Haut-Mbomou prefecture of the south-eastern Central African Republic.	Zemio	Central African Republic
country	Ca' Foscari University of Venice () is a public university in Venice, Italy; it is usually known simply as Università Ca' Foscari.	Ca' Foscari University of Venice	Italy
country	The National University of Callao is a post-secondary institution in the Bellavista District of the Constitutional Province of Callao in the country of Peru.	National University of Callao	Peru
country	The Ljubljanica Sluice Gate (Slovene: Zapornica na Ljubljanici), or the Partition (Pregrada), is a sluice gate and a triumphal arch on the Ljubljanica River in Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia.	Ljubljanica Sluice Gate	Slovenia
country	Sipahili (former Babadıl) is a village in Gülnar district of Mersin Province, Turkey.	Sipahili	Turkey
country	Maniava waterfall (Ukrainian: Манявський водоспад) is the highest waterfall in the Carpathians and is located in the Gorgany mountain ridge in Ukraine.	Maniava waterfall	Ukraine
country	Barbadineh (Persian: باربادينه‎, also Romanized as Bārbādīneh) is a village in Sadat Rural District, in the Central District of Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Barbadineh	Iran
country	Centre 2000 was an indoor shopping mall on St. Martin boulevard in the Chomedey district of Laval, Quebec, Canada.	Centre 2000	Canada
country	Kalgah-e Sofla (Persian: كلگاه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Kalgāh-e Soflá; also known as Gol Kāh-e Pā’īn and Kalgāh-e Pā’īn) is a village in Bakesh-e Do Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kalgah-e Sofla	Iran
country	Aversi (Persian: اورسي‎, also Romanized as Āversī and Aversī) is a village in Margavar Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aversi	Iran
country	Berezyszcze (bɛrɛˈzɨʂt͡ʂɛ) (Ukrainian: Березище, Berezyshche) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czeremcha, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Berezyszcze	Poland
country	Segeda is an ancient settlement, near today's Zaragoza in modern-day Spain.	Segeda	Spain
country	Temaikèn (Bioparque Temaikèn) is a zoo in Belén de Escobar, vicinity of Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Temaikèn	Argentina
country	Trzebieszów (tʂɛˈbjɛʂuf) is a village in Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Trzebieszów	Poland
country	Banatsko Veliko Selo (Serbian Cyrillic: Банатско Велико Село) is a village in the Municipality of Kikinda, in the North Banat District of the Republic of Serbia.	Banatsko Veliko Selo	Serbia
country	Ogulin (pronounced (ôɡulin)) is a town in north-western Croatia, in Karlovac County.	Ogulin	Croatia
country	Estadio Olímpico, commonly referred to as Estadio Olímpico de Riobamba to disambiguate it from other stadiums of a similar name, is a multi-use stadium in Riobamba, Ecuador.	Estadio Olímpico de Riobamba	Ecuador
country	The Autovía A-75 (also known as Autovía Verín - Frontera Portuguesa) is an autovía in Galicia, Spain.	Autovía A-75	Spain
country	Weikersheim is a town in the Main-Tauber district, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Weikersheim	Germany
country	Petrov Val (Russian: Петро́в Вал) is a town in Kamyshinsky District of Volgograd Oblast, Russia, located on the left bank of the Ilovlya River (a tributary of the Don), 185 kilometers (115 mi) north of Volgograd, the administrative center of the oblast.	Petrov Val	Russia
country	Chenar-e Modvi-e Bala (Persian: چنارمدوي بالا‎, also Romanized as Chenār-e Modvī-e Bālā; also known as Chenār-e Modvī) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Chenar-e Modvi-e Bala	Iran
country	Podturn pri Dolenjskih Toplicah (pronounced (pɔˈtuːɾn pɾi dɔˈleːnskix tɔˈpliːtsax)) is a village in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia.	Podturn pri Dolenjskih Toplicah	Slovenia
country	Kohurestan (Persian: كهورستان‎, also Romanized as Kohūrestān, Kahoorestān, and Kahūrestān; also known as Khūrīstān, Gūrestān, and Kūristān) is a village in Kohurestan Rural District, in the Central District of Khamir County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kohurestan	Iran
country	Qala-i-Jangi (Dari/Pashto: قلعهِ جنگی) is a 19th-century fortress located near Mazar-i-Sharif in northern Afghanistan.	Qala-i-Jangi	Afghanistan
country	Juklavatnet is a lake on the border of the municipalities of Kvinnherad and Jondal in Hordaland county, Norway.	Juklavatnet	Norway
country	The Port of Kismayo, also known as the Kismayo Port, is the official seaport of Kismayo, situated in southern Somalia.	Port of Kismayo	Somalia
country	Whetstone International Airport or Del Bonita/Whetstone International Airport (IATA: DJN, FAA LID: H28, TC LID: CEQ4) is a public use airport at the Canada --	Whetstone International Airport	Canada
country	Serranía de la Macarena is an isolated mountain range located in the Meta Department, Colombia.	Serranía de la Macarena	Colombia
country	Rhumsiki, also spelt Rumsiki and Roumsiki, is a village in the Far North Province of Cameroon.	Rhumsiki	Cameroon
country	Princes Bridge, originally Prince's Bridge, is an important bridge in central Melbourne, Australia that spans the Yarra River.	Princes Bridge	Australia
country	The Canadian Senior Curling Championships are an annual bonspiel held to determine the national champions in senior curling for Canada.	Canadian Senior Curling Championships	Canada
country	During the 17th century, Solarolo became part of the Papal States and during the 19th century of the newborn Kingdom of Italy.	Solarolo	Italy
country	Gorai is a village in Dharavi Bhet, the North-western part of the island of Salsette near Mumbai, India.	Gorai	India
country	Qaramusalı (also, Karamusaly) is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qaramusalı	Azerbaijan
country	Alliance 90 (German: Bündnis 90) was an alliance of three non-Communist political groups in East Germany.	Alliance 90	East Germany
country	Zaruma, officially Villa Real de San Antonio del Cerro de Oro de Zaruma is a town in the south of Ecuador, El Oro Province.	Zaruma	Ecuador
country	Ranrahirca was a village in Peru, alongside the river Santa, near Huascarán, the highest mountain in Peru.	Ranrahirca	Peru
country	Ilych River (Russian: Илыч) is a river in the Komi Republic in northwest Russia.	Ilych River	Russia
country	Bajka (Hungarian: Bajka; Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈbɒjkɒ)) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia.	Bajka	Slovakia
country	The Codru-Moma Mountains (Munţii Codru-Moma) are a part of the Criş Mountains (Munţii Crişului) in the Apuseni Mountains (Romanian: Munţii Apuseni; Hungarian: Erdélyi-Szigethegység) in the Western Romanian Carpathians of Transylvania, Romania.	Codru-Moma Mountains	Romania
country	Club Sport Boys Warnes is a professional football team based in Warnes, Santa Cruz de la Sierra, Bolivia that competes in the Bolivian Primera División.	Sport Boys Warnes	Bolivia
country	Kuh Badu (Persian: كوه بدو‎‎, also Romanized as Kūh Badū) is a village in Mehran Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kuh Badu	Iran
country	Jamhuriya University of Science and Technology (JUST) (Arabic: جامعة جمهورية للعلوم والتكنولوجيا‎, Somali: Jaamacada Jamhuriya) is an accredited private, higher educational institution in Somalia.	Jamhuriya University of Science and Technology	Somalia
country	West China Medical Center of Sichuan University (Chinese: 四川大学华西医学中心), formerly West China University of Medical Sciences (WCUMS), is located in Chengdu, Sichuan, China, and is administered by the Ministry of Education of the People's Republic of China.	West China Medical Center of Sichuan University	People's Republic of China
country	Our Lady of Itatí (Spanish: Nuestra Señora de Itatí), also known as the Virgin of Itatí, is a Roman Catholic title of the Virgin Mary, whose principal shrine is in the city of Itatí, Corrientes Province, Argentina.	Our Lady of Itatí	Argentina
country	MyZeil is a shopping mall in the center of Frankfurt, Germany.	MyZeil	Germany
country	Środa Wielkopolska County (Polish: powiat średzki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Greater Poland Voivodeship, west-central Poland.	Środa Wielkopolska County	Poland
country	Whanganui Island is the largest of a small group of islands at the entrance to Coromandel harbour in the Hauraki Gulf, off the coast of New Zealand's North Island.	Whanganui Island	New Zealand
country	Bordesholm is a town in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany in the district Rendsburg-Eckernförde.	Bordesholm	Germany
country	Örenäs Castle (Swedish: Örenäs slott) is a castle in Landskrona Municipality, Scania, in southern Sweden.	Örenäs Castle	Sweden
country	Oberer Murgsee (or ``Ober Murgsee'') is a lake in the Murg valley (Murgtal), in the canton of St. Gallen, Switzerland.	Oberer Murgsee	Switzerland
country	Goz Beïda is the main town (French: chef-lieu) of the Kimiti department and the Sila (or Dar Sila) region in southeastern Chad.	Goz Beïda	Chad
country	Tinaco or El Tinaco is a small town located in the northern part of the Cojedes State in Venezuela.	Tinaco	Venezuela
country	German submarine U-883 was a Type IXD/42 U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine in World War II. Designed in 1942, U-883 was the only commissioned IXD/42, similar to the IXD, but with increased engine power (increased from 4400 to 5400 ehp).	German submarine U-883	Nazi Germany
country	Dalaku (Persian: دلكو‎, also Romanized as Dalakū; also known as Dalakūh) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District, Dastgerdan District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Dalaku	Iran
country	Kalinčiakovo (Hungarian: Hontvarsány) is a village in the Levice District of western Slovakia, now administratively a part of the town of Levice.	Kalinčiakovo	Slovakia
country	Zoloty Potik castle (Ukrainian: Золотопотіцький замок, Polish: Zamek w Potoku Złotym) is an architectural landmark of Polish and Ukrainian national significance in Ternopil Oblast, Western Ukraine built under the Polish rule between the 16th and 17th centuries nearby the urban-type settlement of Złoty Potok (now Zolotyi Potik).	Zoloty Potik castle	Ukraine
country	Mäntyniemi (Talludden in Swedish) is one of the three official residences of the President of Finland besides the Presidential Palace and Kultaranta.	Mäntyniemi	Finland
country	Port of Tauranga is the port of Tauranga, New Zealand.	Port of Tauranga	New Zealand
country	The Krimml Waterfalls (German: Krimmler Wasserfälle), with a total height of 380 metres (1,247 feet), are the highest waterfall in Austria.	Krimml Waterfalls	Austria
country	The Point, New Westminster is a 148 residential tower located in Downtown New Westminster, BC, Canada.	The Point, New Westminster	Canada
country	Tazeh Kand-e Gol Chavan (Persian: تازه كندگل چوان‎, also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Gol Chavān; also known as Tāzeh Kand-e Chelān) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Sharqi Rural District, Saraju District, Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tazeh Kand-e Gol Chavan	Iran
country	Gévezé (Breton: Gevrezeg, Gallo: Jaebevae) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Gévezé	France
country	The Azrieli Center is located on a 34,500 m2 (371,000 sq ft) site in Tel Aviv, Israel, which was previously used as Tel Aviv's dumpster-truck parking garage.	Azrieli Center	Israel
country	Sint-Martens-Latem (Dutch pronunciation: (sɪnt ˌmɑrtəns ˈlaːtəm)) is a municipality located in the Belgian province of East Flanders, in Belgium.	Sint-Martens-Latem	Belgium
country	Mountview Falls is a 10 metre high complex classic cascade waterfall found in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Mountview Falls	Canada
country	Cajicá is a municipality and town of Colombia in the department of Cundinamarca, 39 km (24 mi) north of the capital Bogotá.	Cajicá	Colombia
country	Qaraçinar (also, Gharach’inar and Karachinar) is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qaraçinar	Azerbaijan
country	Udim (Hebrew: אוּדִים, lit. Firebrands) is a moshav in central Israel.	Udim	Israel
country	Khersdar-e Kakamorad (Persian: خرسدركاكامراد‎, also Romanized as Khersdar-e Kākāmorād) is a village in Malavi Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Khersdar-e Kakamorad	Iran
country	Pahuvere is a village in Tarvastu Parish, Viljandi County, Estonia, located 25 km (15 miles) south of the town of Viljandi.	Pahuvere	Estonia
country	University Džemal Bijedić of Mostar (Bosnian: Univerzitet ``Džemal Bijedić'' u Mostaru/Универзитет ``Џемал Биједић'' у Мостару) is a public university in Bosnia and Herzegovina established in 1993, and based in Mostar.	University Džemal Bijedić of Mostar	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Revenik (Cyrillic: Ревеник) is a village in the municipality of Bosanski Petrovac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Revenik	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Shastri Park is a neighborhood located in northeast Delhi in India.	Shastri Park	India
country	Pangkham (Chinese: 邦康; pinyin: Bāngkāng, Va: Bangkum), previously known before 1999 as Pangsang (Chinese: 邦桑; pinyin: Bāngsāng, alternative spellings Panghsang, Phangsang), is a town in far eastern Shan State of Myanmar (Burma).	Pangkham	Myanmar
country	Die Cathedral (Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Die) is a former Roman Catholic cathedral, and national monument of France, in the town of Die, Drôme.	Die Cathedral	France
country	Susuman (Russian: Сусума́н) is a town and the administrative center of Susumansky District in Magadan Oblast, Russia, located on the Berelyokh River, 650 kilometers (400 mi) northwest of Magadan, the administrative center of the oblast.	Susuman	Russia
country	The Clérigos Church (Portuguese: Igreja dos Clérigos, pronounced: (ˈklɛɾiɡuʃ); ``Church of the Clergymen'') is a Baroque church in the city of Porto, in Portugal.	Clérigos Church	Portugal
country	The Palais des Papes (English: Papal palace, lo Palais dei Papas in Occitan) is a historical palace in Avignon, southern France, one of the largest and most important medieval Gothic buildings in Europe.	Palais des Papes	France
country	Sarojahöhe or Saroja is a mountain on the border of Liechtenstein and Austria in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps to the east of the village of Planken, with a height of 1,659 metres (5,443 ft).	Sarojahöhe	Liechtenstein	Austria
country	Pente Pigadia (Greek: Πέντε Πηγάδια, ``Five Wells'', before 1971: Μπρίγκα - Brigka) is a settlement in the municipal unit of Filippiada in the northern part of the Preveza regional unit in Greece.	Pente Pigadia	Greece
country	Magadh division is an administrative geographical unit of Bihar state of India.	Magadh division	India
country	The Kuyto (Russian: Куйто Finnish: Kuittijärvet) are three lakes in the Republic of Karelia, in the northwestern part of Russia.	Kuyto	Russia
country	Jamestown Hospital is a small Provincial government funded hospital for the Maletswai Local Municipality area in Jamestown, Eastern Cape in South Africa.	Jamestown Hospital	South Africa
country	Dobele crater is an impact crater in central Latvia.	Dobele crater	Latvia
country	Begowala (Urdu: بیگووالہ‎) is a town of District Sialkot in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Begowala	Pakistan
country	Diyarbakır (Kurdish: Amed‎) is one of the largest cities in southeastern Turkey.	Diyarbakır	Turkey
country	Digos, officially the City of Digos (Cebuano: Dakbayan sa Digos; Filipino: Lungsod ng Digos), is a second class city in and capital of the province of Davao del Sur, Philippines.	Digos	Philippines
country	Eyl District (Somali: Degmada Eyl) is a district in the northeastern Nugal region of Somalia.	Eyl District	Somalia
country	Muszkowice (muʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciepłowody, within Ząbkowice Śląskie County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Muszkowice	Poland
country	Camp Leatherneck is a 1,600 acre Afghan Armed Forces base in Helmand Province, Afghanistan.	Camp Leatherneck	Afghanistan
country	The Howard Government refers to the federal Executive Government of Australia led by Prime Minister John Howard between 11 March 1996 to 3 December 2007.	Howard Government	Australia
country	Kajaani University of Applied Sciences has achieved success nationally in Ministry of Education and Culture outcome barometers where the quality of teaching and counseling has been considered the best in Finland for several years running.	Kajaani University of Applied Sciences	Finland
country	Prästgatan (Swedish: ``The Priest's Street'') is a street in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden, stretching from a cul-de-sac west of the Royal Palace to the street Österlånggatan in the southern corner of the old town.	Prästgatan	Sweden
country	Zyryanka West Airport is an airport in Russia, located 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) west of Zyryanka, Verkhnekolymsky District in the Sakha Republic of Russia.	Zyryanka West Airport	Russia
country	Ommerstein Castle (Dutch: Kasteel van Ommerstein) is a castle in the village of Rotem in the municipality of Dilsen-Stokkem, province of Limburg, Belgium.	Ommerstein Castle	Belgium
country	Quest Community Newspapers is a newspaper company in Bowen Hills, Queensland, Australia.	Quest Community Newspapers	Australia
country	Cloppenburg is a town in Lower Saxony, Germany, capital of Cloppenburg District and part of Oldenburg Münsterland.	Cloppenburg	Germany
country	Nasy (ˈnasɨ) (German: Nassen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nasy	Poland
country	Megève (French pronunciation: ​(məʒɛv)) is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France with a population of over 4,000 residents.	Megève	France
country	Hull County, Quebec is an historic county of Quebec, Canada.	Hull County, Quebec	Canada
country	Chlef (Arabic: الشلف‎) is the capital of Chlef Province, Algeria.	Chlef	Algeria
country	Maillezais Cathedral (Cathédrale Saint-Pierre de Maillezais, or St. Peter Maillezais) is a ruined Roman Catholic cathedral in the commune of Maillezais in the Vendée, France.	Maillezais Cathedral	France
country	Sant'Aspreno ai Crociferi is a church in the neighborhood of San Carlo all'Arena, Naples, southern Italy.	Sant'Aspreno ai Crociferi	Italy
country	Crvenka (Serbian Cyrillic: Црвенка) is a small town located in the Kula municipality, in the West Bačka District, Autonomous Province of Vojvodina, Serbia.	Crvenka	Serbia
country	Skogsaktuellt (meaning Forest News in English) is a Swedish agriculture and forestry magazine published in Örebro, Sweden.	Skogsaktuellt	Sweden
country	The Ammergau Railway or Ammergaubahn (sometimes called the Ammertalbahn or ``Ammer Valley Railway'', originally the Lokalbahn Murnau--Oberammergau) is a single-tracked, electrified railway line in Bavaria in southern Germany.	Ammergau Railway	Germany
country	The Bergen Peninsula (Norwegian: Bergenshalvøyen, pronounced (ˈbærgənsˈhɑlːœjən)) is a peninsula in Hordaland county, Norway.	Bergen Peninsula	Norway
country	The Nordic Watercolour Museum is a museum, artist workshop and research facility in Skärhamn on the island Tjörn in Sweden, opened in 2000.	Nordic Watercolour Museum	Sweden
country	The Municipality of Kamnik (Slovene: Občina Kamnik) is a municipality in northern Slovenia.	Municipality of Kamnik	Slovenia
country	Wierzonka (vjɛˈʐɔnka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Swarzędz, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wierzonka	Poland
country	Uru Uru Lake is a lake in the Oruro Department in Bolivia.	Uru Uru Lake	Bolivia
country	Theebine railway station (formerly Kilkivan Junction) is a closed railway station on the North Coast railway line of Queensland, Australia at Theebine.	Theebine railway station	Australia
country	Joshua Mqabuko Nkomo International Airport is an airport in Bulawayo, Zimbabwe (IATA: BUQ, ICAO: FVBU).	Joshua Mqabuko Nkomo International Airport	Zimbabwe
country	Helgøy Church (Norwegian: Helgøy kirke) is a historic parish church in the municipality of Karlsøy in Troms county, Norway.	Helgøy Church	Norway
country	Nohurlar (also, Nokhurlar) is a village in the Davachi Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Nohurlar	Azerbaijan
country	Nesvoia (Ukrainian: Несвоя; Romanian: Nesfoaia) is a commune (selsoviet) in Novoselytsia Raion, Chernivtsi Oblast, Ukraine.	Nesvoia	Ukraine
country	Hile is a hill town located in the Eastern Development Region of Nepal, 13 km north of the regional center of Dhankuta.	Hile	Nepal
country	Teatro Camões is a concert hall in Lisbon, Portugal which opened in 1998 for the International World Exhibition Expo 98.	Teatro Camões	Portugal
country	Arabsiyo is a city in northwestern Somaliland, a self-proclaimed independent republic that is internationally recognized as a part of Somalia.	Arabsiyo	Somalia
country	Zoveyr-e Kharamzeh (Persian: زويرخرامزه‎, also Romanized as Zoveyr-e Kharāmzeh; also known as Kharamza and Kharmazeh) is a village in Mollasani Rural District, in the Central District of Bavi County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Zoveyr-e Kharamzeh	Iran
country	Fanø is a Danish island in the North Sea off the coast of southwestern Denmark, and is the very northernmost of the Danish Wadden Sea Islands.	Fanø	Denmark
country	Bani Bid (Persian: باني بيد‎, also Romanized as Bānī Bīd; also known as Bān Bīd and Bānbīl) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District, Gahvareh District, Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Bani Bid	Iran
country	The Hilton Mine is a zinc, lead and silver mine in northwestern Queensland, Australia, approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) north of the Mount Isa Mines.	Hilton Mine	Australia
country	El Kala (Arabic: القالة‎, French: formerly La Calle, Latin Thinisa in Numidia) is a seaport of Algeria, in El Tarf Province, 56 miles (90 km) by rail east of Annaba and 10 miles (16 km) west of the Tunisian frontier.	El Kala	Algeria
country	Muižeļa Manor was a Baroque styled building in Latvia built for a Muižeļa Family of Pārdaugava manor in 18th and 19th century, however the building was not preserved to the present day.	Muižeļa Manor	Latvia
country	DXHY, broadcasting as 106.3 Radyo Natin, is a FM station owned by Manila Broadcasting Company in the Philippines.	DXHY	Philippines
country	Oba Hills Forest Reserve is a reserve in Osun State, Nigeria that covers about 52 km2 of hilly terrain with deep gorges.	Oba Hills Forest Reserve	Nigeria
country	Chah-e Pansar (Persian: چاه پنسر‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Pansar; also known as Chāh-e Panj Sar and Chāh Panj Sar) is a village in Doreh Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Pansar	Iran
country	Ponice (pɔˈnit͡sɛ) is a village on the Poniczanka River, in Nowy Targ County, by the northwestern slopes of the Gorcy mountains in Poland.	Ponice	Poland
country	Alamgir Town Halt railway station (Urdu: عالمگیر ٹاون ہالٹ ریلوے اسٹیشن‎) is located in Alamgir Town, Narowal district of Punjab province of the Pakistan.	Alamgir Town Halt railway station	Pakistan
country	The GETEC Arena (until 2011: ``Bördelandhalle'') is an indoor sporting arena located in Magdeburg, Germany.	GETEC Arena	Germany
country	The Great Synagogue of Vilna which once stood at the end of Jewish Street (I-2), Vilnius, Lithuania, was built between 1630-1633 after permission was granted to construct a synagogue from stone.	Great Synagogue of Vilna	Lithuania
country	Lough Ree (Irish: Loch Rí or Loch Ríbh) is a lake in the midlands of Ireland, the second of the three major lakes on the River Shannon.	Lough Ree	Ireland
country	Rochor Canal (Simplified Chinese: 梧槽沟渠) is a canal in the Central Region of Singapore.	Rochor Canal	Singapore
country	Maxville Aerodrome, (TC LID: CMX2), is located 0.6 nautical miles (1.1 km; 0.69 mi) northeast of Maxville, Ontario, Canada.	Maxville Aerodrome	Canada
country	Mangarin Bay is a bay of the South China Sea, on the west coast of Mindoro island, in Occidental Mindoro Province of the Philippines.	Mangarin Bay	Philippines
country	The Federal University of Itajubá (Portuguese: Universidade Federal de Itajubá, UNIFEI; formerly known as the Escola Federal de Engenharia de Itajubá, EFEI), is an important federal university located in the state of Minas Gerais, Brazil.	Federal University of Itajubá	Brazil
country	Repnje (German: Repne) is a village in the Municipality of Vodice in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Repnje	Slovenia
country	Ramaipur is a small village in district of Sant Ravidas Nagar, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Ramaipur	India
country	Mosafer Zehi (Persian: مسافرزهي‎, also Romanized as Mosāfer Zehī; also known as Mosāfer Zā’ī and Mosāferzī) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mosafer Zehi	Iran
country	Bhairanayakanahalli is a small remote village 32 km north of Bangalore, India.	Bhairanayakanahalli	India
country	Betsey Island, along with the adjacent Little Betsey Island and Betsey Reef, forms a nature reserve with an area of 176 ha in south-eastern Australia.	Betsey Island	Australia
country	Hollandscheveld is a village in the municipality of Hoogeveen, the Netherlands.	Hollandscheveld	Netherlands
country	The Água Quente River (Paraná) is a river in Paraná state in southern Brazil.	Água Quente River (Paraná)	Brazil
country	Chilga (also Chelga, Ch'ilga, etc.; Ge'ez: ጭልጋ č̣ilgā) is one of the woredas in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia.	Chilga	Ethiopia
country	The Tupiza River is a river of Bolivia in the Potosí Department, Sud Chichas Province.	Tupiza River	Bolivia
country	Treharris has the oldest Boys and Girls club in the whole of the United Kingdom.	Treharris	United Kingdom
country	FC Torpedo Kutaisi is a Georgian professional football club based in Kutaisi, Georgia's second largest city.	FC Torpedo Kutaisi	Georgia
country	Staryi Chortoryisk (Ukrainian: Старий Чорторийськ, translit. Staryi Chortoryis'k, Polish: Czartorysk) is a village (selo) in north-western Ukraine.	Staryi Chortoryisk	Ukraine
country	Iver Johnson was born in Nordfjord in the year 1841, in Nordfjord, Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway and later emigrated from Norway to the United States.	Iver Johnson	Norway
country	El Forn (Catalan pronunciation: (əɫ ˈforn), locally: (eɫ ˈfoɾn)) is a village in Andorra, Europe, located in the parish of Canillo.	El Forn	Andorra
country	Barákapuszta is a former village, now a part of Zichyújfalu, Hungary.	Barákapuszta	Hungary
country	The river Leśna Prawa (Belarusian:Правая Лясная), in north-eastern Poland and western Belarus, is a tributary of the Bug River (right bank).	Leśna Prawa	Poland	Belarus
country	The University of Siena (Italian: Università degli Studi di Siena, abbreviation: UNISI) in Siena, Tuscany is one of the oldest and first publicly funded universities in Italy.	University of Siena	Italy
country	Isfana (Kyrgyz: Исфана; Uzbek: Isfana, Исфана; Russian: Исфана) is a small town located at the extreme western end of Batken Region in southern Kyrgyzstan.	Isfana	Kyrgyzstan
country	Arenas de Iguña (also known simply as Iguña or Arenas d'Iguña in Cantabrian) is a municipality located in the autonomous community of Cantabria, Spain.	Arenas de Iguña	Spain
country	The Institute for stained glass in Canada has documented the stained glass at Rugby Chapel.	Rugby Chapel	Canada
country	The Rock Carvings in Tanum (Swedish: Hällristningsområdet i Tanum), near Tanumshede, Bohuslän, Sweden, has been declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO because of the high concentration of petroglyphs.	Rock Carvings in Tanum	Sweden
country	The Fay hut was maintained by the Alpine Club of Canada (ACC).	Fay hut	Canada
country	Las Hurdes (Extremaduran: Las Jurdis) is a comarca in the Sistema Central, at the northern end of province of Cáceres of Extremadura, one of Spain's seventeen Autonomous Communities.	Las Hurdes	Spain
country	Saint Joseph's Institution International School (often referred to as ``SJI International School'', ``SJI International'' or ``SJII'') is an independent co-educational Catholic international school in Singapore.	SJI International School	Singapore
country	Zastron is a small agricultural town in the Free State province of South Africa, some 30 km from the border of Lesotho.	Zastron	South Africa
country	Sildhopvatnet (Lule Sami: Silldavuopjávrre) is a lake located in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county, Norway.	Sildhopvatnet	Norway
country	Lewotolo is a stratovolcano located in the north-central part of the island of Lembata, Indonesia.	Lewotolo	Indonesia
country	Rzepiennik Biskupi (ʐɛˈpjɛnnik bisˈkupi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzepiennik Strzyżewski, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Rzepiennik Biskupi	Poland
country	Ko Phi Phi Don (Thai: เกาะพีพีดอน, pronounced (kɔ̀ʔ pʰīː pʰīː dɔ̄ːn)) is the largest of the islands in the Ko Phi Phi archipelago, in Thailand.	Ko Phi Phi Don	Thailand
country	Dolpa Airport (IATA: DOP, ICAO: VNDP) is an airport serving Dolpa, a district in the Karnali zone in Nepal.	Dolpa Airport	Nepal
country	The Museum of Korean Buddhist Art is a Buddhism museum in Wonseo-dong, Jongno-gu, Seoul, South Korea.	Museum of Korean Buddhist Art	South Korea
country	Morne Watt (Watt Mountain) is a stratovolcano in the south of the island of Dominica.	Morne Watt	Dominica
country	Budišić (Serbian Cyrillic: Будишић) is a village in Serbia.	Budišić	Serbia
country	Waren (Müritz) (also Waren an der Müritz) is a town and climatic spa in the state of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.	Waren (Müritz)	Germany
country	Salah ol Din Mahalleh (Persian: صلاح الدين محله‎, also Romanized as Şalāḩ ol Dīn Maḩalleh , Şalāḩ ed Dīn Maḩalleh, and Şalāḩ od Dīn Maḩalleh) is a village in Rudpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Salah ol Din Mahalleh	Iran
country	Qadaman (Persian: قدمان‎, also Romanized as Qadamān; also known as Chāh-e Qadamān and Chāh Qadamān) is a village in Asir Rural District, Asir District, Mohr County, Fars Province, Iran.	Qadaman	Iran
country	Ivanec is a town in northern Croatia, located southwest of Varaždin and east of Lepoglava, north of the mountain Ivanščica.	Ivanec	Croatia
country	Sataoa is a small village situated on the central south coast of Upolu island in Samoa.	Sataoa	Samoa
country	The Grey Nuns' Hospital (also known as Hôpital général des frères Charron) was a hospital in Montreal, Quebec, Canada that operated from 1695 to 1880.	Grey Nuns' Hospital	Canada
country	Nedelišće (Hungarian: Drávavásárhely; Kajkavian: Nedelišče) is a village in Međimurje County, in northern Croatia, and the seat of the Municipality of Nedelišće, which also includes 10 other villages in the south-western part of Međimurje County.	Nedelišće	Croatia
country	Ik River (Russian: Ик; Tatar: Cyrillic Ык, Latin Iq; Bashkir: Ыҡ) is a river in Russia which flows north to the Kama River.	Ik River	Russia
country	Baghcheh-ye Maryam (Persian: باغچه مريم‎, also Romanized as Bāghcheh-ye Maryam and Bāghcheh Maryam; also known as Baghīcheh Maryam) is a village in Quri Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Dehgolan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Baghcheh-ye Maryam	Iran
country	The Irish Aviation Authority (IAA) (Irish: Údaras Eitlíochta na hÉireann) is a state owned company in Ireland responsible for the regulation of safety aspects of air travel.	Irish Aviation Authority	Ireland
country	The Bodoland People's Front (BPF) is a state political party in Assam state in northeastern India.	Bodoland People's Front	India
country	Hian (Persian: هيان‎, also Romanized as Hīān, Heyān, and Hiyan) is a village in Zarabad-e Gharbi Rural District, Zarabad District, Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Hian	Iran
country	The Congress of Tucumán was the representative assembly, initially meeting in San Miguel de Tucumán, that declared the independence of the United Provinces of South America (modern-day Argentina, Uruguay, part of Bolivia) on July 9, 1816, from the Spanish Empire.	Congress of Tucumán	Argentina
country	The Waipati River, alternatively known as the Chaslands River is a river in the eastern Catlins, New Zealand.	Waipati River	New Zealand
country	Saarlandhalle is a multi-purpose facility located in Saarbrücken, Germany.	Saarlandhalle	Germany
country	Liverpool International College is a higher secondary school situated at New Baneshwor, Kathmandu, Nepal.	Liverpool International College	Nepal
country	Aristomenis (Greek: Αριστομένης) is a village and a former municipality in Messenia, Peloponnese, Greece.	Aristomenis	Greece
country	The Neufeld-Occhipinti Jazz Orchestra (NOJO) is a Canadian jazz musical group based in Toronto, Canada.	Neufeld-Occhipinti Jazz Orchestra	Canada
country	Kalateh-ye Jaqari (Persian: كلاته جاقري‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Jāqarī) is a village in Milanlu Rural District, in the Central District of Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Jaqari	Iran
country	Augustinusga (West Frisian: Stynsgea) is a village in the municipality of Achtkarspelen, Friesland province, The Netherlands.	Augustinusga	Netherlands
country	Mourtzana (Greek: Μουρτζανά) is a village in Greece situated on the Old National Road Rethymno - Heraklion.	Mourtzana	Greece
country	Gordil is a town in the Vakaga Prefecture of the northern Central African Republic.	Gordil	Central African Republic
country	Měšice is a village (municipality) in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Měšice	Czech Republic
country	Großer Graben and Schiffgraben together are an artificial waterbody with ambiguous flows in Lower Saxony and Saxony-Anhalt, Germany, partly forming the border of both Länder.	Großer Graben and Schiffgraben	Germany
country	Dulama (Persian: دولاما‎, also Romanized as Dūlāmā) is a village in Baranduzchay-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dulama	Iran
country	Sancellemoz is a sanatorium in the town of Passy, in Haute-Savoie, eastern France.	Sancellemoz	France
country	North Klang Straits Bypass, Federal Route 20, AH 141, is the main highway bypass to Port Klang in Klang, Selangor, Malaysia.	North Klang Straits Bypass	Malaysia
country	Nisga'a Memorial Lava Bed Provincial Park (Nisga'a: Anhluut'ukwsim Laxmihl Angwinga'asankswhl Nisga'a) is a provincial park in the Nass River valley in northwestern British Columbia, Canada, about 80 kilometres north of Terrace, and near the Nisga'a Villages of Gitlakdamix and Gitwinksihlkw.	Nisga'a Memorial Lava Bed Provincial Park	Canada
country	Arabshah-e Daraq (Persian: عربشاه درق‎, also Romanized as ``Arabshāh-e Daraq) is a village in Yeylaq Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 16, in 4 families.	Arabshah-e Daraq	Iran
country	North Norfolk is a local government district in Norfolk, United Kingdom.	North Norfolk	United Kingdom
country	The New Calabar River is a river in Rivers State, Nigeria, in the Niger River Delta.	New Calabar River	Nigeria
country	Vresthena (Greek: Βρέσθενα) is a small village in the Parnon mountains, Laconia, Greece.	Vresthena	Greece
country	Club Atlético Talleres (sometimes specified Talleres de Perico) is a sports club from Perico, in Jujuy Province, Argentina.	Talleres de Perico	Argentina
country	The Naviglio Grande is a canal in Lombardy, northern Italy, joining the Ticino river near Tornavento (23 km south of Sesto Calende) to the Porta Ticinese dock, also known as the Darsena, in Milan.	Naviglio Grande	Italy
country	Independence Junior College was established in 2007 to offer tertiary-level education opportunities in Independence Village, Stann Creek District, Belize.	Independence Junior College	Belize
country	It is located in the northwestern part of Sicily in Italy, near the modern comune of Calatafimi-Segesta in the province of Trapani.	Segesta	Italy
country	Dieciocho de Julio or 18 de Julio is a small town in the Rocha Department of southeastern Uruguay.	Dieciocho de Julio	Uruguay
country	Kafr Hamrah (Arabic: كفر حمرة‎, also spelled Kfar Hamra) is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of the Aleppo Governorate, in the northwestern suburbs of Aleppo.	Kafr Hamrah	Syria
country	Khoso Goth also Khoso Village (Urdu: کھوسو گھوٹھہ یا کھوسو ولیج ‎) is a suburb of Shah Faisal Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Khoso Goth	Pakistan
country	Aspire Tower, also known as The Torch Doha, is a 300-metre-tall (980 ft) skyscraper hotel located in the Aspire Zone complex in Doha, Qatar.	Aspire Tower	Qatar
country	Alinci is a small village in Macedonia between Mogila and Musinci that spreads from the Bitola to the Prilep provence.	Alinci	Macedonia
country	Schrobenhausen (pronounced (ʃʁoːbm̩ˈhaʊ̯zn̩)) is a town in the Neuburg-Schrobenhausen district, in Bavaria, Germany.	Schrobenhausen	Germany
country	Anjir Bazuiyeh (Persian: انجيربازوييه‎, also Romanized as Anjīr Bāzū’īyeh and Anjīr-e Bāzū’īyeh) is a village in Dalfard Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Anjir Bazuiyeh	Iran
country	Widryki (viˈdrɨki) (German: Widdrichs) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński, within Lidzbark County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Widryki	Poland
country	Suyi (Persian: سوي‎, also Romanized as Sūyī) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Suyi	Iran
country	Casement Aerodrome (Irish: Aeradróm Mhic Easmainn) or Baldonnel Aerodrome (IATA: N/A, ICAO: EIME) is a military airfield to the south west of Dublin, Ireland situated off the N7 main road route to the south and south west.	Casement Aerodrome	Ireland
country	Sankt Veit am Vogau is a municipality in the district of Leibnitz in Styria, Austria.	Sankt Veit am Vogau	Austria
country	Tesáre is municipality in the Topoľčany District of the Nitra Region, Slovakia.	Tesáre	Slovakia
country	Gądek (ˈɡɔndɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowo, within Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Gądek	Poland
country	The United Anti-Capitalist Left (Greek: Ενωτική Αντικαπιταλιστική Αριστερά, ENANTIA) is a coalition of radical left political parties in Greece.	United Anti-Capitalist Left	Greece
country	Lake Tikitapu or Blue Lake, is the smallest of four small lakes lying between Lake Rotorua and Lake Tarawera in the Bay of Plenty region of New Zealand's North Island.	Lake Tikitapu	New Zealand
country	San Pedro Columbia is a village in Toledo District, Belize, located about two miles from the ancient Maya ruins of Lubaantun.	San Pedro Columbia	Belize
country	Doko Airport (ICAO: FZJB) is an airport near Doko in Orientale Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Doko Airport	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Bessaker is a village in the municipality of Roan in the northern part of Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Bessaker	Norway
country	Plaisance National Park is a national park of Quebec, Canada.	Plaisance National Park	Canada
country	Bocchetta Pass or Bochetta Pass or Passo della Bocchetta is a mountain pass in the Ligurian Apennine Mountains in Liguria north of Genoa, Italy.	Bocchetta Pass	Italy
country	Diglani (Persian: ديگلاني‎, also Romanized as Dīglānī; also known as Doglānī) is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Diglani	Iran
country	Kazheesirama Vinnagaram or Tadalan Kovil is a Hindu temple dedicated to Vishnu located in Sirkazhi in Nagapattinam district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Kazheesirama Vinnagaram	India
country	Arjun College of Technology located at Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India, is a private self-financing engineering institute.	Arjun College of Technology	India
country	The Bangkok Cobras are a professional basketball team from Thailand, Southeast Asia that play in the Asean Basketball League.	Bangkok Cobras	Thailand
country	Jeonnam Stadium (전남야구장) is a stadium in Hampyeong, South Korea.	Jeonnam Stadium	South Korea
country	Lovely Professional University (LPU) is a private semi-residential university in North India created under the Punjab State Private University Act 2005 and recognized by UGC under Section 2(f) of UGC Act 1956.	Lovely Professional University	India
country	Kichera (Russian: Киче́ра) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Severo-Baykalsky District of the Republic of Buryatia, Russia.	Kichera	Russia
country	Crawford Street Bridge is one of two known bridges that once spanned over Garrison Creek valley (the actual creek disappeared as brick sewer in 1885 ) in Toronto, Canada, and buried intact in the 20th century.	Crawford Street Bridge	Canada
country	Guggenheim Helsinki Plan describes the initiative to establish a Guggenheim museum in Helsinki, Finland.	Guggenheim Helsinki Plan	Finland
country	Heyggjurin Mikli is marginally the second highest point of Skuvoy in the central Faroe Islands.	Heyggjurin Mikli	Faroe Islands
country	Inuvil railway station (Tamil: இணுவில் தொடருந்து நிலையம் Iṇuvil toṭaruntu nilaiyam) is a railway station in the village of Inuvil in northern Sri Lanka.	Inuvil railway station	Sri Lanka
country	Donbeh-ye Nasrollah (Persian: دنبه نصراله‎, also Romanized as Donbeh-ye Naṣrollah and Donbehnaṣrollah) is a village in Meymand Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Donbeh-ye Nasrollah	Iran
country	Tall-e Mollai (Persian: تل ملايي‎, also Romanized as Tall-e Mollā’ī and Toll-e Mollā’ī; also known as Qoll-e Mollā’ī) is a village in Varavi Rural District, Varavi District, Mohr County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tall-e Mollai	Iran
country	Jerusalem Malha Railway Station is the main Israel Railways station in Jerusalem.	Jerusalem Malha Railway Station	Israel
country	Kępiste (kɛmˈpistɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kępiste	Poland
country	Valle de Lecrín is a Comarca in the province of Granada, Andalusia, southern Spain.	Valle de Lecrín	Spain
country	Berriz (in Basque and officially, in Spanish: Bérriz) is an elizate, town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Basque Country, northern Spain.	Berriz	Spain
country	Maków Mazowiecki (ˈmakuf mazɔˈvʲɛt͡skʲi) is a town in Poland, in the Masovian Voivodship.	Maków Mazowiecki	Poland
country	Hugh Boyd Secondary School is a school located on the western side of Richmond, British Columbia, Canada, that serves students from grades 8 to 12 .	Hugh Boyd Secondary School	Canada
country	Sułowiec (suˈwɔvjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sułów, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Sułowiec	Poland
country	Rathowen (Irish: Ráth Eoghain, meaning ``Eoghan's Ringfort'') is a small village in County Westmeath, Ireland, on the N4 national primary route.	Rathowen	Ireland
country	Davgata (Greek: Δαυγάτα) is a village in the island of Cephalonia, Greece.	Davgata	Greece
country	Caldecott MRT Station (CC17/TE9) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Circle Line in Singapore.	Caldecott MRT Station	Singapore
country	Zurovići (Serbian Cyrillic: Зуровићи) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Zurovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Arjut (Armenian: Արջուտ, also romanized as Archut) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Arjut	Armenia
country	Dvorce (pronounced (ˈdʋoːɾtsɛ); in older sources also Dvorice, German: Dworichdorf) is a settlement southeast of Čatež ob Savi in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Dvorce	Slovenia
country	Jur nad Hronom (Hungarian: Garamszentgyörgy) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia.	Jur nad Hronom	Slovakia
country	Sarkaņi parish (Latvian: Sarkaņu pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Madona Municipality, Latvia.	Sarkaņi parish	Latvia
country	Tiniteqilaaq Heliport (IATA: TQI, ICAO: BGTN) is a heliport in Tiniteqilaaq, a village in the Sermersooq municipality in southeastern Greenland.	Tiniteqilaaq Heliport	Greenland
country	The Amani Nature Reserve is a protected area located within the Muheza and Korogwe Districts in the Tanga Region of Tanzania, in tropical East Africa.	Amani Nature Reserve	Tanzania
country	The Ramchaura Mandir is a Hindu Temple in the city of Hajipur, Bihar, India.	Ramchaura Mandir	India
country	The Forum for Democracy, Development and Morality (French: Forum pour la Démocratie, le Développement el la Moralité, FDDM) was a political party in Benin.	Forum for Democracy, Development and Morality	Benin
country	Khakhrechi or Khakharechi is a village of Malia and Rathore communities in Gujarat, India.	Khakharechi	India
country	Monte Fitz Roy (also known as Cerro Chaltén, Cerro Fitz Roy, or simply Mount Fitz Roy) is a mountain located near El Chaltén village, in the Southern Patagonian Ice Field in Patagonia, on the border between Argentina and Chile.	Fitz Roy	Argentina	Chile
country	The Public Health (London) Act 1891 (54 & 55 Vict c 76) was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which extended access to Metropolitan Asylums Board hospitals to those who were not eligible for poor relief.	Public Health (London) Act 1891	United Kingdom
country	Sar Tang-e Firuzabad (Persian: سرتنگ فيروزاباد‎, also Romanized as Sar Tang-e Fīrūzābād; also known as Sar Tang) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sar Tang-e Firuzabad	Iran
country	Líbeznice (in German Lübeznitz) is a village in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Líbeznice	Czech Republic
country	Lake Wakatipu is an inland lake (finger lake) in the South Island of New Zealand.	Lake Wakatipu	New Zealand
country	Tonggalan is an administrative subdistrict in Klaten Tengah, Klaten Regency, Central Java, Indonesia.	Tonggalan	Indonesia
country	Kokolos (also, Kakalos) is a village and municipality in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Kokolos	Azerbaijan
country	Elektrėnai Reservoir (Lithuanian: Elektrėnų marios), located south of the city of Elektrėnai, Lithuania, is the third-biggest artificial lake in Lithuania.	Elektrėnai Reservoir	Lithuania
country	Hirtshals is a town and seaport on the coast of Skagerrak on the island of Vendsyssel-Thy at the top of the Jutland peninsula in northern Denmark, Europe.	Hirtshals	Denmark
country	Badangarh is a village near Pilani in Jhunjhunu District, Rajasthan, state, India.	Badangarh	India
country	White Lake Peak (Albanian: Maja bardhë e Jezercës; Macedonian: Бело Езерски, Belo Ezerski) is a mountain peak forming part of the Šar Mountains in Kosovo and Macedonia.	White Lake Peak	Kosovo
country	The Queen Elizabeth National Park (QENP) is Uganda's most visited national park.	Queen Elizabeth National Park	Uganda
country	Tebing Tinggi Island is an island off the northern coast (Strait of Malacca) of Riau Province, Sumatra, Indonesia.	Tebing Tinggi Island	Indonesia
country	Llanes (the Concejo de Llanes, Conceyu de Llanes in Asturian language) is a municipality of the province of Asturias, in northern Spain.	Llanes	Spain
country	The Burke Developmental Road is a Queensland (Australia) developmental road.	Burke Developmental Road	Australia
country	The Groesbeek Canadian War Cemetery and Memorial (French:Le Cimetière de Guerre Canadien Groesbeek) is located about three kilometres north of the town of Groesbeek, Netherlands.	Groesbeek Canadian War Cemetery	Netherlands
country	The Bridge of Mantible (Spanish: Puente Romano de Mantible) is a ruined bridge located near Logroño, Spain.	Bridge of Mantible	Spain
country	Havelock Town is a neighbourhood of Colombo, Sri Lanka, part of an area zoned as Colombo 5.	Havelock Town	Sri Lanka
country	Mount Scenery is a potentially active volcano in the Caribbean Netherlands.	Mount Scenery	Netherlands
country	Panchalankurichi is a small but historic village, 3 km from Ottapidaram and 18 km from Thoothukudi in Thoothukudi district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Panchalankurichi	India
country	Dugda (also known as Deonagar) is a census town in Chandrapura (community development block) in Bermo subdivision of Bokaro district in the state of Jharkhand, India.	Dugda	India
country	Akureyrarkirkja or The Church of Akureyri is a prominent Lutheran church in Akureyri, northern Iceland.	Akureyrarkirkja	Iceland
country	Nichigo Press, established 1977, is Australia's longest established Japanese language newspaper.	Nichigo Press	Australia
country	Prüm Abbey is a former Benedictine abbey in Prüm/Lorraine, now in the diocese of Trier (Germany), founded by a Frankish widow Bertrada, and her son Charibert, count of Laon, on 23 June 720.	Prüm Abbey	Germany
country	Drumkul, also spelt Dirumkul, is an artificial freshwater lake in southern Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province in eastern Tajikistan.	Drumkul	Tajikistan
country	Bala Khuni (Persian: بالاخوني‎, also Romanized as Bālā Khūnī; also known as Bāl Khūnī) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bala Khuni	Iran
country	The Chedoke Hospital is a non-acute care hospital in Hamilton, Canada.	Chedoke Hospital	Canada
country	Dubai Creek is a saltwater creek located in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE).	Dubai Creek	United Arab Emirates
country	Las Abiertas is one of the districts of the municipality of Arcos de la Frontera (Cádiz, Spain).	Las Abiertas	Spain
country	Capari (Macedonian Cyrillic: Цапари) is a village in Macedonia.	Capari	Macedonia
country	The Lady Knox Geyser is a geyser in the Waiotapu area of the Taupo Volcanic Zone in New Zealand.	Lady Knox Geyser	New Zealand
country	Vehari Wildlife Park is a public wildlife park located in Vehari, Punjab, Pakistan.	Vehari Wildlife Park	Pakistan
country	Şovut (also, Shovut) is a village and municipality in the Yardymli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şovut	Azerbaijan
country	Independence Memorial Hall (also Independence Commemoration Hall) is a national monument in Sri Lanka built for commemoration of the independence of Sri Lanka from the British rule with the establishment of Dominion of Ceylon on February 4, 1948.	Independence Memorial Hall	Sri Lanka
country	The Rubí Municipal Museum or El Castell-Urban Ecomuseum is a museum in Rubí (Vallès Occidental), Catalonia, Spain.	Rubí Municipal Museum	Spain
country	Puiggari is a small town in the Diamante department of Entre Ríos province in Argentina.	Puiggari	Argentina
country	El Ezzeiat is a village in eastern Libya on the Charruba--	El Ezzeiat	Libya
country	Port Pegasus (formerly South Port) is located at the southern end of Stewart Island in New Zealand.	Port Pegasus	New Zealand
country	BACSAP (Bahrains' Association of Computer Students and Professionals) came into existence in April 1998, which was one of the first student chapters of Pakistan to be affiliated with ACM.	BACSAP	Pakistan
country	Staldmestergården (English: Stable Master's House) is a historic building on Slotsholmen in central Copenhagen, Denmark.	Staldmestergården	Denmark
country	Hannover Hauptbahnhof (German for Hanover main station) is the main railway station for the city of Hanover in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Hannover Hauptbahnhof	Germany
country	Zeyn ol Hajjilu (Persian: زين الحاجيلو‎, also Romanized as Zeyn ol Ḩājjīlū and Zīn al Ḩājjīlū'; also known as Zeynāl Āghāj) is a village in Shurakat-e Jonubi Rural District, Ilkhchi District, Osku County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zeyn ol Hajjilu	Iran
country	The Timan Ridge (Russian: Тиманский кряж -- Timansky Kryazh) is a highland in the far north of European Russia.	Timan Ridge	Russia
country	St. Urban's Abbey (German: Kloster Sankt Urban) is a former Cistercian monastery in the municipality of Pfaffnau in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.	St. Urban's Abbey	Switzerland
country	Mount Fernie Provincial Park is a provincial park in Fernie, British Columbia, Canada.	Mount Fernie Provincial Park	Canada
country	Fonteinkloof Pass, (English: Fountain Gap), is situated in the Eastern Cape, province of South Africa, on the regional road R72, between Port Elizabeth and Alexandria, Eastern Cape.	Fonteinkloof Pass	South Africa
country	Nochern is a municipality and village in the district of Rhein-Lahn, in Rhineland-Palatinate, in western Germany.	Nochern	Germany
country	The Carnival of Foiano della Chiana (Italian: Carnevale di Foiano della Chiana) is a carnival event yearly held in the Tuscan city of Foiano della Chiana, in Tuscany, in Italy.	Carnival of Foiano della Chiana	Italy
country	Øresundståg is a passenger train network operated by DSB Øresund and Transdev in the transnational Øresund Region of Denmark and Sweden.	Øresundståg	Denmark
country	Mount Luxmore is a mountain in the South Island of New Zealand and visible from the nearby town of Te Anau.	Mount Luxmore	New Zealand
country	Tantua International Group of Schools is a private, coeducational day and boarding school located in Port Harcourt, Nigeria.	Tantua International Group of Schools	Nigeria
country	Berri Football Club (commonly known as The Demons) is an Australian rules football club playing in the Riverland Football League (RFL) in South Australia.	Berri Football Club	Australia
country	The National Broadband Task Force was an initiative of the Government of Canada whose mandate was established in 2001 by the Canadian Minister of Industry, at that time Brian Tobin.	National Broadband Task Force	Canada
country	Allah Beygi (Persian: لله بيگي‎, also Romanized as Allah Beygī) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Allah Beygi	Iran
country	Sa Dragonera (Catalan pronunciation: (sə ðɾəɣoˈneɾə)) is an uninhabited islet in the Balearic Islands, Spain, located just off the west coast of Majorca.	Dragonera	Spain
country	Jhanwer is a village in luni block of the Jodhpur district of Rajasthan, India.	Jhanwer	India
country	Bergwinkel is a region around the town of Schlüchtern in the county of Main-Kinzig-Kreis in East Hesse, Germany.	Bergwinkel	Germany
country	The Mittersill mine is a large open pit mine located in Mittersill, in the Western part of Austria in Salzburg, 30 km South of Kitzbühel and 339 km South - West of the capital, Vienna.	Mittersill mine	Austria
country	Copata (also Vilaque Copata) is a small town in Bolivia.	Copata	Bolivia
country	The Naqada culture is an archaeological culture of Chalcolithic Predynastic Egypt (ca. 4400--3000 BC), named for the town of Naqada, Qena Governorate.	Naqada culture	Egypt
country	Rock the Park, formerly known as Hawk Rocks the Park, is an annual music concert held at Harris Park in London, Ontario, Canada.	Rock the Park	Canada
country	New Denver is a village in southeastern British Columbia, Canada, along the shore of Slocan Lake.	New Denver	Canada
country	Rajshahi University of Engineering & Technology (Bengali: রাজশাহী প্রকৌশল ও প্রযুক্তি বিশ্ববিদ্যালয় (Rajshahi Prokoushol o Projukti Bishshobidyalôy)) or RUET (Bengali : রুয়েট), formerly known as BIT Rajshahi, is the second oldest engineering university in Bangladesh.	Rajshahi University of Engineering & Technology	Bangladesh
country	The Arboretum de Chamberet (10 hectares) is an arboretum located in the Parc d'Angle, Chamberet, Corrèze, Limousin, France.	Arboretum de Chamberet	France
country	Czersk (t͡ʂɛrsk) (German: Czersk; Heiderode (1942-1945)) is a town in northern Poland in Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship.	Czersk	Poland
country	Knaut-Rhuland House is a historic 18th-century house in Lunenburg, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Knaut-Rhuland House	Canada
country	Marcianise Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in southeast Italy, which is located approximately 10 km north-northwest of Marcianise in the province of Caserta, Campania; about 32 km north-northwest of Naples.	Marcianise Airfield	Italy
country	Wat Sothonwararam is a temple in Chachoengsao Province, Thailand.	Wat Sothonwararam	Thailand
country	Villa de Merlo lies 796 meters above sea level at 32° 36' 00`` South, 66° 07' 60'' West, in the Department of Junín, Province of San Luis, Argentina, a small city administered by an intendant, presently former Provincial Senator Gloria Petrino.	Villa de Merlo	Argentina
country	Espíritu Santo Cape marks the border between Chile and Argentina, and according to the Treaty of Peace and Friendship of 1984 between Chile and Argentina the line between Punta Dungeness and Cabo del Espiritu Santo marks the limits of each country's territorial waters.	Espíritu Santo Cape	Chile	Argentina
country	Open Colleges Australia (Open Colleges) is an online vocational education organization based in Australia.	Open Colleges	Australia
country	Foungbesso (also spelled Foungouésso) is a town in western Ivory Coast.	Foungbesso	Ivory Coast
country	The Victorian Telecommunications Museum is a small museum in the Hawthorn Telephone Exchange, Burwood Road, Hawthorn, Victoria, Australia.	Victorian Telecommunications Museum	Australia
country	Tangon River (also known as Tongon River) (Bengali: টাংগন নদী) is a river passing through the Indian state of West Bengal and Bangladesh.	Tangon River	Bangladesh
country	Stephen Lewis Secondary School is a high school located in the city of Mississauga in Ontario, Canada and is a part of the Peel District School Board.	Stephen Lewis Secondary School	Canada
country	Nyrðra-Vatnalautavatn is the largest body of water on Ófeigsfjarðarheiði in Iceland.	Nyrðra-Vatnalautavatn	Iceland
country	Umedalens IF a sports club in Umeå, Sweden formed on 12 January 1935 by the merger of Grubbs NS and Backens SK.	Umedalens IF	Sweden
country	The Free Port of Trieste is a port in the Adriatic Sea in Trieste, Italy.	Port of Trieste	Italy
country	Miranjani is the highest peak, at 2,992 metres (9,816 ft) in elevation, of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province of Pakistan.	Miranjani	Pakistan
country	Pirəbbə (also, Pirappa) is a village in the Neftchala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Pirəbbə	Azerbaijan
country	Başkent Volleyball Hall, (Turkish: Başkent Voleybol Salonu) is an indoor volleyball venue within the TVF Sports Complex located at Beşevler neighborhood of Yenimahalle district in Ankara, Turkey.	Başkent Volleyball Hall	Turkey
country	Dhërmi (Greek: Δρυμάδες, Drymades) is a village in Vlorë County, Albania.	Dhërmi	Albania
country	Miadzhik (also, Minadzhykh) is a village in the Absheron Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Miadzhik	Azerbaijan
country	Lekël (definite Albanian form: Lekli) is a community in the Gjirokastër County, southern Albania.	Lekël	Albania
country	The City of Arts and Sciences (Valencian: Ciutat de les Arts i les Ciències; Spanish: Ciudad de las Artes y las Ciencias) is an entertainment-based cultural and architectural complex in the city of Valencia, Spain.	City of Arts and Sciences	Spain
country	Kupšinci (Hungarian: Murahalmos) is a village in the Municipality of Murska Sobota in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.	Kupšinci	Slovenia
country	St George Girls High School is an academically selective, public high school for girls, located in Kogarah, a Southern Suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	St George Girls High School	Australia
country	Campus Galli is a Carolingian monastic community under construction in Meßkirch, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Campus Galli	Germany
country	Kenar Sar (Persian: كنارسر‎, also Romanized as Kenār Sar; also known as Kenārehsar, Kenar Sare Kooch Esfahan, Kenār Sīr, Kinārehsar, and Kinerser) is a village in Kenar Sar Rural District, Kuchesfahan District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kenar Sar	Iran
country	Grevenmacher (Luxembourgish: Gréiwemaacher) is a commune with city status in eastern Luxembourg, near the border with Germany.	Grevenmacher	Luxembourg
country	The Gare de Mulhouse, also known as Gare de Mulhouse-Ville or locally as Gare Centrale, is the main railway station in the city of Mulhouse, Alsace, France.	Gare de Mulhouse	France
country	Metsovo (Greek: Μέτσοβο; Aromanian: Aminciu) is a town in Epirus on the mountains of Pindus in northern Greece, between Ioannina to the north and Meteora to the south.	Metsovo	Greece
country	Fifal (Persian: فيفل‎, also Romanized as Fīfal) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Fifal	Iran
country	Gorbatovka (Russian: Горба́товка) is an urban locality (a work settlement) under the administrative jurisdiction of the city of oblast significance of Dzerzhinsk in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast, Russia, located 23 kilometers (14 mi) west of Nizhny Novgorod, in the vicinity of the Nizhny Novgorod International Airport.	Gorbatovka	Russia
country	The Luotuoshan coal mine flood was an incident that began on Monday, March 1, 2010, when a large amount of water flooded the Luotuoshan coal mine near the city of Wuhai in the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China.	Luotuoshan coal mine flood	People's Republic of China
country	Rugged Point Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located at the southeast entrance to Kyuquot Sound on the west coast of Vancouver Island.	Rugged Point Marine Provincial Park	Canada
country	Volyně is a small, ancient market town in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic, situated around 120 kilometres (75 mi) south of Prague, roughly mid-way between Strakonice and Vimperk.	Volyně	Czech Republic
country	Šturlić (Serbian: Штурлић) is a village in the municipality of Cazin, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Šturlić	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Mollaayrım (also, Molla Ayrım and Mollaayrum) is a village and municipality in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Mollaayrım	Azerbaijan
country	Shegaftik-e Sofla (Persian: شگفتيك سفلي‎, also Romanized as Shegaftīk-e Soflá; also known as Ḩājjī Maḩmūd, Chamān, and Shekaftīk-e Soflá) is a village in Beradust Rural District, Sumay-ye Beradust District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shegaftik-e Sofla	Iran
country	La Coche Power Station (French: Centrale de la Coche), also known as Sainte-Hélène la Coche, is a hydroelectric power plant in the commune of Aigueblanche (near Moûtiers), in Savoie, France.	La Coche Power Station	France
country	The Shell Islets are a group of a small islands with two subsidiary islets, surrounded by extensive sand and mudflats at low tide, with a combined high tide area of 0.082 ha, in south-eastern Australia.	Shell Islets	Australia
country	Camenca (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈkameŋka), Cyrillic spelling Каменка, Russian: Каменка, Kamenka, Ukrainian: Кам'янка, Kamianka, Polish: Kamionka) is a town in Transnistria, Moldova.	Camenca	Moldova
country	The First Karzai cabinet lead the administration of Afghanistan between 2004, the year Hamid Karzai won the first Afghan presidential election and 2009 when the second presidential election took place.	First Karzai cabinet	Afghanistan
country	Foumban Nkounja Airport (IATA: FOM, ICAO: FKKM) is an airport serving Foumban, a city in the Noun Department of the West Province in Cameroon.	Foumban Nkounja Airport	Cameroon
country	Bergen Anglican Church is a congregation of the Church of England in the Anglican Chaplaincy in Norway in the city of Bergen, Norway.	Bergen Anglican Church	Norway
country	Thai-Nichi Institute of Technology (TNI) is an industry-oriented private college located in Bangkok, Thailand.	Thai-Nichi Institute of Technology	Thailand
country	Sapthagiri which is also called Tirumala Hill is situated in hill town of Tirumala, near Tirupati in the Chittoor district of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Sapthagiri	India
country	Jalan Batu Caves (Selangor state route ) is a major road in Klang Valley region, Selangor, Malaysia.	Jalan Batu Caves	Malaysia
country	Qeshlaq-e Akhmud-e Vosta (Persian: قشلاق اخمودوسطي‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Akhmūd-e Vosţá) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Akhmud-e Vosta	Iran
country	Guinness Anchor Berhad (GAB) is a major producer of beer and stout in Malaysia and has been listed on the Main Board of Bursa Malaysia since 1965.	Guinness Anchor Berhad	Malaysia
country	Villa Sara is a suburb of Treinta y Tres, capital city of the Treinta y Tres Department in eastern Uruguay.	Villa Sara	Uruguay
country	Southern District Oilers are a Gridiron (also known as American Football) team from Adelaide in the State of South Australia in Australia.	Southern District Oilers	Australia
country	Beydağları Coastal National Park (Turkish: Beydağları Sahil Milli Parkı), aka Olympos Beydagları National Park (Turkish: Olympos Beydağları Milli Parkı), is a national park in Antalya Province, southern Turkey.	Beydağları Coastal National Park	Turkey
country	Hiuchi is a stratovolcano in Nikko National Park, Japan, 140 km from Tokyo.	Hiuchi	Japan
country	Thrumshing La, also called Thrumshingla Pass and Donga Pass, (Dzongkha: ཁྲུམས་ཤིང་ལ་; Wylie: khrums-shing la; ``Thrumshing Pass''), is the second-highest mountain pass in Bhutan, connecting its central and eastern regions across the otherwise impregnable Donga range that has separated populations for centuries.	Thrumshing La	Bhutan
country	Kallissery is one of the wealthiest settlement in India.	Kallissery	India
country	Lord Somers Camp, or ``Big Camp'' is an annual week-long camp for boys held in Somers, Victoria, Australia.	Lord Somers Camp	Australia
country	Caconda is a municipality and city situated in the North of the province of Huila, Angola, in the Plano Alto region, approximately 280 km North of Lubango, the provincial capital city, and approximately 700 km South from Luanda, the country's capital city.	Caconda	Angola
country	Remeniny (Hungarian: Remenye) is a village and municipality in Vranov nad Topľou District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Remeniny	Slovakia
country	Lokvice (Serbian Cyrillic: Локвице) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Lokvice	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Verdens Ende (World's End, or The End of the Earth) is located at the southernmost tip of the island of Tjøme in Vestfold, Norway.	Verdens Ende	Norway
country	Abraham González International Airport (IATA: CJS, ICAO: MMCS) is an international airport located in Ciudad Juárez, Chihuahua, Mexico, near the U.S.-Mexico border opposite with El Paso, Texas.	Abraham González International Airport	Mexico
country	Mishref (Arabic: مشرف‎) is a residential area in Kuwait within the Hawalli Governorate, South of Bayan and west of Salwa.	Mishref	Kuwait
country	Klinja Vas (pronounced (ˈkliːnja ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Klinja vas, German: Klindorf, Gottscheerish: Klindoarf) is a village north of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Klinja Vas	Slovenia
country	Zapicán is a village in the northwest of Lavalleja Department in Uruguay.	Zapicán	Uruguay
country	Donja Badanja (Serbian Cyrillic: Доња Бадања, meaning 'a wooden pipe made of a hollowed trunk', often used to direct water on the wheel of a water-mill) is a village in western Serbia.	Donja Badanja	Serbia
country	Machap Baru (est. pop. 16,000) is a small town in Alor Gajah District, Malacca, Malaysia.	Machap Baru	Malaysia
country	Parika is a port township located in the Essequibo Islands-West Demerara region of Guyana.	Parika	Guyana
country	Arnisee is a reservoir in the Canton of Uri, Switzerland.	Arnisee	Switzerland
country	Sgroppino is an alcoholic mixed drink originating in Venice, Italy.	Sgroppino	Italy
country	Wągsty (ˈvɔnkstɨ) (German Wangst) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wągsty	Poland
country	Zaya (Bulgarian: Зая) is a village in Dryanovo Municipality, in Gabrovo Province, in northern central Bulgaria.	Zaya	Bulgaria
country	Øymark is a former municipality now located in Marker municipality in Østfold county, Norway.	Øymark	Norway
country	The Darwin Dam is an offstream earthfill embankment saddle dam without a spillway, located in Western Tasmania, Australia.	Darwin Dam	Australia
country	The Mathematical Bridge is the popular name of a wooden footbridge in the southwest of central Cambridge, United Kingdom.	Mathematical Bridge	United Kingdom
country	Coriole Vineyards is a winery located in the Seaview District in the McLaren Vale region of South Australia.	Coriole	Australia
country	Global Institutes consist of Global Institute of Management and Emerging Technologies (GIMET) ,Global Institute of Management (GIM) and Global Polytechnic College an engineering, management and Polytechnic college located in Amritsar, Punjab, India, on the Amritsar-Batala-Gurdaspur-Jammu & Kashmir Highway (NH15).	Global Institutes	India
country	The Birnlücke (2,665 m above sea level (AA)) is the border pass at the western end of the Hohe Tauern mountains in Austria, between the Venediger Group and the adjoining Zillertal Alps.	Birnlücke	Austria
country	Jiřetín pod Bukovou (German: Georgenthal) is a village and municipality in Jablonec nad Nisou District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.	Jiřetín pod Bukovou	Czech Republic
country	Suznak (Persian: سوزنك‎, also Romanized as Sūznak) is a village in Miandorud-e Kuchak Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Suznak	Iran
country	Tuluna (Russian: Тулуна) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Legyoysky 2-y Rural Okrug of Ust-Aldansky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 17 kilometers (11 mi) from Borogontsy, the administrative center of the district.	Tuluna	Russia
country	The Netot River (sometimes referred to as Netotu River) is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.	Netot River	Romania
country	Pikelot Island is one of the outer islands of the State of Yap, part of the Federated States of Micronesia.	Pikelot	Federated States of Micronesia
country	The Toi gold mine (Japanese: 土肥鉱山, also 土肥金山) was an important gold mine of Japan, located within the city of Toi, Izu Peninsula, Shizuoka Prefecture.	Toi gold mine	Japan
country	Yau Oi Estate (Chinese: 友愛邨) is a public housing estate in Tuen Mun, New Territories, Hong Kong.	Yau Oi Estate	Hong Kong
country	Petnjica (Петњица) is a town in northern Montenegro, and center of Petnjica Municipality.	Petnjica	Montenegro
country	The Edelweiss Vacation Village and Campground is a U.S. Department of Defense recreational facility that is a part of the Edelweiss Lodge and Resort in Garmisch, Germany.	Edelweiss Vacation Village and Campground	Germany
country	The People's Plaza (Malay: Plaza Rakyat) is a mixed-use skyscraper complex in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia initiated during the 1990s.	Plaza Rakyat	Malaysia
country	The Urserental (also Urseren, Ursern) is the valley of the upper Reuss in Uri, Switzerland, running southwest to northeast, from Realp to Hospental and Andermatt.	Urserental	Switzerland
country	Kamasi (Persian: كماسي‎, also Romanized as Kamāsī; also known as Kafāsī) is a village in Estarabad-e Shomali Rural District, Baharan District, Gorgan County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Kamasi	Iran
country	Chadeh (Persian: چاده‎, also Romanized as Chādeh; also known as Chahār Deh and Chārdeh) is a village in Afriz Rural District, Sedeh District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chadeh	Iran
country	Twee Rivieren - not to be confused with the Langkloof town of ``Twee Riviere'', 180km to the east - is a small residential suburb in George, South Africa.	Twee Rivieren	South Africa
country	CBS Dance Pool started in 1988 at CBS Schallplatten GmbH in Frankfurt, Germany.	Dance Pool	Germany
country	Pișchia (German: Bruckenau; Hungarian: Hidasliget) is a commune in Timiș County, Romania.	Pișchia	Romania
country	Hashiabad (Persian: حاشي اباد‎, also Romanized as Ḩāshīābād) is a village in Il Teymur Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hashiabad	Iran
country	The Palacio de la Real Audiencia de Santiago (English: Royal Court Palace or Palace of the Boxes) is a building located in the north central village of the Plaza de Armas in Santiago, Chile.	Palacio de la Real Audiencia de Santiago	Chile
country	The town had a population of 2,159 as of the Canada 2011 Census, and is served by the Lebel-sur-Quévillon Airport.	Lebel-sur-Quévillon	Canada
country	Cheshmeh Bari (Persian: چشمه بري‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Barī) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District, Sorna District, Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Bari	Iran
country	Požarje (pronounced (pɔˈʒaːɾjɛ)) is a settlement in the hills above the left bank of the Sava River, southeast of Šentlambert in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia.	Požarje	Slovenia
country	The Order of the Passion of Christ was a French knighthood order which was founded in 1380 by King Richard II of England and in 1400 by his father-in-law king Charles VI of France.	Order of the Passion of Christ	France
country	White Cliffs Solar Power Station was Australia's first solar power station.	White Cliffs Solar Power Station	Australia
country	Tabernas is a municipality of Almería province, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain, as well as the name of the principal town of the municipality.	Tabernas	Spain
country	Valkla is a settlement in Kuusalu Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia.	Valkla	Estonia
country	Gilli Wala is a village in Punjab, Pakistan, 11.5 kilometres (7.1 mi) east-northeast of Gujrat city, 117 kilometres (73 mi) north of Lahore, the capital city of the province, and 163 kilometres (101 mi) southeast of Islamabad, the national capital city of Pakistan.	Gilli Wala	Pakistan
country	Angerlo is a village in the municipality of Zevenaar, in the eastern Netherlands.	Angerlo	Netherlands
country	For Church (Norwegian: For kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Steinkjer in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	For Church	Norway
country	Banuta (Hungarian: Bánuta) is a small settlement north of Lendava in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.	Banuta	Slovenia
country	Khatlon Valley (Tajik: Водии Хатлон) is a famous valley in Tajikistan.	Khatlon Valley	Tajikistan
country	Nehrəxəlil (also, Nekhrakhalil) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Nehrəxəlil	Azerbaijan
country	St. Gertrude's Cathedral (Dutch: Sint-Gertrudiskathedraal) in Utrecht, the Netherlands, is the seat of the Archbishop of Utrecht and the mother church of the Old Catholic Church of the Netherlands (and of the wider Old Catholic Communion).	St. Gertrude's Cathedral	Netherlands
country	Trynisze-Moszewo (trɨˈniʂɛ mɔˈʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Trynisze-Moszewo	Poland
country	Tanjung Piai is a cape in Pontian District, Johor, Malaysia.	Tanjung Piai	Malaysia
country	Stobi (Ancient Greek: Στόβοι) was an ancient town of Paeonia, later conquered by Macedon, and later turned into the capital of the Roman province of Macedonia Salutaris (now near Gradsko in the Republic of Macedonia).	Stobi	Macedonia
country	Wola Hankowska (ˈvɔla xanˈkɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mykanów, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Wola Hankowska	Poland
country	Rabisha is a village in north-western Bulgaria, in Vidin region and Belogradchik municipality.	Rabisha	Bulgaria
country	National Chin-Yi University of Technology (NCUT; Chinese: 國立勤益科技大學) is a public university located in Taiping District, Taichung, Taiwan.	National Chin-Yi University of Technology	Taiwan
country	Mian Shyar (Persian: ميانشعار‎, also Romanized as Mīān Shyʿār) is a village in Rudpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mian Shyar	Iran
country	The Petronas Towers, also known as the Petronas Twin Towers (Malay: Menara Petronas, or Menara Berkembar Petronas), are twin skyscrapers in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Petronas Towers	Malaysia
country	Catbalogan, officially the City of Catbalogan or Catbalogan City, is the capital of Samar province, Philippines, with a population of 94,317 (2010 Census).	Catbalogan	Philippines
country	Dyaul Island (also Djaul) is an island in New Ireland Province, Papua New Guinea.	Dyaul Island	Papua New Guinea
country	Ata Behlakeh (Persian: عطابهلكه‎, also Romanized as ``Aţā Behlakeh) is a village in Nezamabad Rural District, in the Central District of Azadshahr County, Golestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 464, in 112 families.	Ata Behlakeh	Iran
country	Doğrugöz (formerly Eğrigöz) is a town in Konya Province, Turkey	Doğrugöz	Turkey
country	Tasagar (Russian: Тасагар; Sakha: Тааһаҕар) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Tasagarsky Rural Okrug of Vilyuysky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 57 kilometers (35 mi) from Vilyuysk, the administrative center of the district.	Tasagar	Russia
country	Riga Aviation Museum is an aviation museum in Riga, Latvia.	Riga Aviation Museum	Latvia
country	The Bié Plateau or Central Plateau of Angola is a plateau that occupies most of central Angola.	Bié Plateau	Angola
country	Tzur Natan (Hebrew: צוּר נָתָן, lit. Rock of Nathan) is a Moshav shitufi in central Israel, in western Samaria.	Tzur Natan	Israel
country	Mariánská Týnice is a former pilgrimage destination in Bohemia, now the Czech Republic, with the Baroque Church of the Annunciation and the Cistercian Provost Office built by Jan Santini Aichel in the 18th century.	Mariánská Týnice	Czech Republic
country	Dikson Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Диксон) (IATA: DKS, ICAO: UODD) is a small airport in Russia located 5 km west of the urban-type settlement of Dikson on a small island.	Dikson Airport	Russia
country	The Varangerfjord (English: Varanger Fjord; Russian: Варангер-фьорд, Варяжский залив; Finnish: Varanginvuono; Northern Sami: Várjavuonna) is the easternmost fjord in Norway.	Varangerfjord	Norway
country	El Crucero (Spanish pronunciation: (el kɾuˈseɾo)) is a municipality in the Managua department of Nicaragua with 22,107 inhabitants.	El Crucero	Nicaragua
country	Mazraeh-ye Vali Mohammad Qohrmani (Persian: مزرعه ولي محمدقهرماني‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Valī Moḩammad Qohrmānī) is a village in Fasarud Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 30, in 7 families.	Mazraeh-ye Vali Mohammad Qohrmani	Iran
country	The Prix Victor-Rossel is a literary award in Belgium that was first awarded in 1938.	Prix Victor-Rossel	Belgium
country	Kałwągi (kau̯ˈvɔnɡi) (German Kaltwangen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kałwągi	Poland
country	Baie-Comeau (2011 city population 22,113; CA population 28,789) is a city located approximately 420 kilometres (260 mi) north-east of Quebec City in the Côte-Nord region of the province of Quebec, Canada.	Baie-Comeau	Canada
country	Poienile Izei (Hungarian: Sajómező) is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania.	Poienile Izei	Romania
country	Sultan Abu al-'Ila Mosque (Arabic: السلطان أبو العلا ‎) is one of most famous mosques in Islamic Cairo in Egypt.	Abu al-'Ila Mosque	Egypt
country	Churubusco is a neighbourhood of Mexico City.	Churubusco	Mexico
country	In 2011, as part of a consent decree (United States of America v. Trident Seafoods Corporation, Civil Action No. 11-1616), Trident Seafoods agreed to pay a $2.5 million fine, the largest Clean Water Act penalty ever assessed by the US Environmental Protection Agency to an Alaska fish processor.	Trident Seafoods	United States of America
country	Moulton Windmill in the Lincolnshire village of Moulton, between Spalding and Holbeach is a restored windmill claimed to be the tallest tower mill in the United Kingdom.	Moulton Windmill	United Kingdom
country	The 1992 UEFA Cup Final was played on 29 April 1992 and 13 May 1992 between Ajax of the Netherlands and Torino of Italy.	1992 UEFA Cup Final	Netherlands
country	Vál is a village in Fejér County, Hungary.	Vál	Hungary
country	Jack Hunt School is a co-educational foundation comprehensive school and specialist language and sports college in Netherton in the city of Peterborough in the United Kingdom.	Jack Hunt School	United Kingdom
country	Sigur Plateau (Segur Plateau) is a plateau in the north and east of Nilgiri District in the Nilgiri Hills of Tamil Nadu, South India.	Sigur Plateau	India
country	Prievidza ( pronunciation ; Hungarian: Privigye, German: Priwitz) is a city in the central-western Slovakia.	Prievidza	Slovakia
country	Parque El Ejido is a park located along Avenue Patria in the Old Centre part of Quito, Ecuador.	Parque El Ejido	Ecuador
country	The Lund Chamber Choir (Swedish: Lunds Kammarkör) is a mixed choir from Lund, Sweden.	Lund Chamber Choir	Sweden
country	Staraya Square (Russian: Старая Площадь), literally Old Square, connects Ilyinka Street with Varvarka Gates Square in central Kitai-gorod area of Moscow, Russia.	Staraya Square	Russia
country	Lunata is a locality of the commune of Capannori in the Province of Lucca, Tuscany, central Italy, one of the forty frazioni identified in the municipal statute.	Lunata	Italy
country	Monte Azul is a municipality in the north of the state of Minas Gerais in Brazil.	Monte Azul	Brazil
country	Nakielec (naˈkʲɛlɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lądek, within Słupca County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nakielec	Poland
country	Wainikoroiluva River ('Luva River) is a river of Viti Levu, Fiji.	Wainikoroiluva River	Fiji
country	The Toronto Central Prison Chapel is an 1877 former Roman Catholic prison chapel, located in Toronto, Canada.	Toronto Central Prison Chapel	Canada
country	Lodín (Czech pronunciation: (ˈloɟiːn)) is a village in the Czech Republic located about 17 km west-northwest of Hradec Králové.	Lodín	Czech Republic
country	Calascio is a comune and village in the province of L'Aquila, in the Abruzzo region of central Italy.	Calascio	Italy
country	Kotavank (Armenian: Կոթավանք or Կոթի Սուրբ Աստվածածին եկեղեցին; also Surb Astvatsatsin meaning ``Holy Mother of God'') is a church located on a hill overlooking the Argitchi River and village of Nerkin Getashen, south of Lake Sevan in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Kotavank	Armenia
country	The Hirske coal mine (Ukrainian: Шахта ``Гірська'') is a large coal mine located in the south-east of Ukraine in Hirske, Luhansk Oblast.	Hirske coal mine	Ukraine
country	The Thap Salao River (Thai: ห้วยทับเสลา, rtgs: Huai Thap Salao, Thai pronunciation: (hûɛj tʰáp salǎw)) is a river of Thailand.	Thap Salao River	Thailand
country	Boikarabelo is a rural community located in Magaliesburg, South Africa dedicated to helping and providing a home for economic and AIDS orphans and the poor.	Boikarabelo	South Africa
country	Komarna Vas (pronounced (kɔˈmaːɾna ˈʋaːs); German: Muckendorf or Obertappelwerch) is a village on the eastern edge of Kočevski Rog in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia.	Komarna Vas	Slovenia
country	The Joods Historisch Museum (Dutch pronunciation: (joːts ɦɪsˈtoːris myˈzeːjʏm); English: Jewish Historical Museum), part of the Jewish Cultural Quarter, is a museum in Amsterdam dedicated to Jewish history, culture and religion, in the Netherlands and worldwide.	Joods Historisch Museum	Netherlands
country	Maianbar is a village on the outskirts of southern Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia 29 kilometres south of the Sydney central business district.	Maianbar	Australia
country	Gasa District or Gasa Dzongkhag (Dzongkha: མགར་ས་རྫོང་ཁག་; Wylie: Mgar-sa rdzong-khag) is one of the 20 dzongkhags (districts) comprising Bhutan.	Gasa District	Bhutan
country	The Svrljiški Timok (Serbian Cyrillic: Сврљишки Тимок) is a river in Serbia, headwater of the Beli Timok.	Svrljiški Timok	Serbia
country	Cañada Nieto is a village in the Soriano Department of southwestern Uruguay.	Cañada Nieto	Uruguay
country	Hochkönig is the name applied to the highest mountain in the Berchtesgaden Alps, Salzburgerland, Austria, and also to the surrounding mountain group as a whole.	Hochkönig	Austria
country	Champnétery (Occitan: Champ Menesterí) is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Limousin region in western France.	Champnétery	France
country	Craigslea State High School is a public secondary school located in Chermside West in the northern suburbs of Brisbane, Australia.	Craigslea State High School	Australia
country	Tamchakett is a town in the Hodh El Gharbi Region of southern-central Mauritania.	Tamchakett	Mauritania
country	Akora Khattak railway station (Urdu: اکوڑا خٹک ریلوے اسٹیشن‎) is located in Akora Khattak town, Nowshera district of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of the Pakistan.	Akora Khattak railway station	Pakistan
country	The Country Roads Board (CRB) was the government authority responsible for the construction and maintenance of main roads in the State of Victoria, Australia between 1913 and 1983.	Country Roads Board	Australia
country	Miši (in Serbian Cyrillic: Миши) is a village in the municipality of Livno in Canton 10 of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Miši	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Ukrainian Greek Orthodox Church of St. Mary (Szypentiz district) is an historic Ukrainian Orthodox Church of Canada congregation and building in a rural district near Two Hills, Alberta.	Ukrainian Greek Orthodox Church of St. Mary (Szypentiz district)	Canada
country	Nicéo is a village in the Dolo Department of Bougouriba Province in south western Burkina Faso.	Nicéo	Burkina Faso
country	Sønderborg Castle (Danish: Sønderborg Slot) is located in the town of Sønderborg, Denmark on the island of Als in South Jutland.	Sønderborg Castle	Denmark
country	Anthemountas (Greek: Ανθεμούντας) is a former municipality in Chalkidiki, Greece.	Anthemountas	Greece
country	Byglandsfjord is village a by the Norwegian National Road 9 in the southern part of the municipality of Bygland in the Aust-Agder county, Norway.	Byglandsfjord	Norway
country	Longfeng District (simplified Chinese: 龙凤区; traditional Chinese: 龍鳳區; pinyin: Lóngfèng Qū) is a district of the city of Daqing, Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China.	Longfeng District	People's Republic of China
country	The Bath stone used for many of the buildings in Bath -- as well as for other important buildings around the United Kingdom including Buckingham Palace - was mined from beneath and around Combe Down.	Combe Down	United Kingdom
country	Radio Azadi (formerly Radio Free Afghanistan) is the Afghan branch of the U.S. government's Radio Free Europe / Radio Liberty's (RFE/RL) external broadcast services.	Radio Azadi	Afghanistan
country	Garnudden Nature Reserve (Swedish: Garnuddens naturreservat) is a nature reserve in Salem Municipality, Stockholm County in Sweden.	Garnudden Nature Reserve	Sweden
country	Tørskind Gravel Pit is a former gravel pit converted to a sculpture park near Egtved, Vejle, Denmark.	Tørskind Gravel Pit	Denmark
country	CKSH-DT (branded on-air as ICI Estrie) is the Ici Radio-Canada Télé owned-and-operated television station, serving the Estrie region of the Canadian province of Quebec that is licensed to Sherbrooke.	CKSH-DT	Canada
country	Strefi Hill (Greek: Λόφος Στρέφη) is located in the neighborhood of Exarcheia in Athens, Greece northwest of mount Lykavittos.	Strefi Hill	Greece
country	Zalog pod Sveto Trojico (pronounced (ˈzaːlɔk pɔt ˈsʋeːtɔ tɾɔˈjiːtsɔ)) is a small dispersed settlement east of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Zalog pod Sveto Trojico	Slovenia
country	Öskjuhlíð is a hill in the centre of Reykjavík, Iceland.	Öskjuhlíð	Iceland
country	Talkha (Egyptian Arabic: طلخا pronounced (ˈtˤɑlxɑ)) is a city in Dakahlia Governorate, Egypt.	Talkha	Egypt
country	Isidoro Noblía is a small town (villa) in the Cerro Largo Department of eastern Uruguay.	Isidoro Noblía	Uruguay
country	The Cumana railway is a commuter railway in Campania, southern Italy, connecting Naples by two separate routes with Torregaveta, near Cuma in the town of Bacoli (about 15 km west of Naples).	Cumana railway	Italy
country	Lingen Nuclear Power Plant is an inactive nuclear power plant in Germany, close to Emsland Nuclear Power Plant.	Lingen Nuclear Power Plant	Germany
country	Ilves FS is a futsal club based in Tampere, Finland, part of multi-sport club Ilves.	Ilves FS	Finland
country	Gashua is a community in Yobe State in northeastern Nigeria, on the Yobe River a few miles below the convergence of the Hadejia River and the Jama'are River.	Gashua	Nigeria
country	Chiliochoria (Greek: Χιλιοχώρια) is a former municipality in Messenia, Peloponnese, Greece.	Chiliochoria	Greece
country	Dalanzadgad (Mongolian: Даланзадгад; ᠳᠠᠯᠠᠨᠵᠠᠳᠠᠭᠠᠳ) is the capital of Ömnögovi Aimag in Mongolia.	Dalanzadgad	Mongolia
country	Malacca General Hospital (Malay: Hospital Besar Melaka) is a government-funded public hospital in the state of Malacca, Malaysia.	Malacca General Hospital	Malaysia
country	Ķeipene parish (Latvian: Ķeipenes pagasts) is an administrative unit of Ogre Municipality, Latvia.	Ķeipene parish	Latvia
country	Cordón del Azufre is a small, inactive complex volcano located on the Central Andes, at the border of Argentina and Chile.	Cordón del Azufre	Argentina	Chile
country	Brazii (Hungarian: Raj) is a commune in Arad County, Romania.	Brazii	Romania
country	Volotea is a Spanish low cost airline headquartered in Barcelona with bases in Spain, Italy and France.	Volotea	Spain
country	In the 16th century, Gagra and the rest of western Georgia was conquered by the Ottoman Empire.	Gagra	Georgia
country	Hallingdal Museum (Hallingdal Folkemuseum) is an open-air museum in Nesbyen within Nes in Buskerud, Norway Hallingdal Folk Museum was founded in 1899.	Hallingdal Museum	Norway
country	Górkowo (ɡurˈkɔvɔ) (German Görkendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Górkowo	Poland
country	The Argentine Medical Association (Asociación Médica Argentina) is the principal professional association of physicians in Argentina.	Argentine Medical Association	Argentina
country	Sonari Airport (IATA: IXW, ICAO: VEJS) is a public airport located in Jamshedpur, in the state of Jharkhand, India.	Sonari Airport	India
country	Étang de Lers or Lake of Lers is a natural lake in the Ariège department (France).	Étang de Lers	France
country	The Bilal Xhaferri Cultural Association (Albanian: Shoqata Kulturore ``Bilal Xhaferri''), otherwise called ``Cultural Community of Chameria'', is a non-governmental organization centered in Tirana, Albania.	Bilal Xhaferri Cultural Association	Albania
country	Acharya Prafulla Chandra Ray Polytechnic is a technical school in located in the city of Kolkata, West Bengal of India.	Acharya Prafulla Chandra Ray Polytechnic	India
country	Kainourgio was one of the provinces of the Heraklion Prefecture, Crete, Greece.	Kainourgio	Greece
country	Gorenji Leskovec (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾeːnji lɛˈskɔːʋəts) or (ɡɔˈɾeːnji lɛˈskoːʋəts)) is a settlement west of Senovo in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Gorenji Leskovec	Slovenia
country	Hősök tere (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈhøːʃøk ˈtɛrɛ); English: Heroes' Square) is one of the major squares in Budapest, Hungary, noted for its iconic statue complex featuring the Seven Chieftains of the Magyars and other important national leaders, as well as the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier.	Hősök tere	Hungary
country	Al-Qaryatayn (Arabic: القريتين‎, also spelled Karyatayn, Qaratin or Cariatein) is a town in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate located southeast of Homs.	Al-Qaryatayn	Syria
country	The Iqra University is a private university primarily located in residential area of Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Iqra University	Pakistan
country	Dom Aleixo Subdistrict is a subdistrict in the east of Dili District of East Timor, at the mouth of Comoro River.	Dom Aleixo Subdistrict	East Timor
country	Chah-e Abdolrahman, Zahedan (Persian: چاه عبدالرحمان‎) is a village in Shuru Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Abdolrahman, Zahedan	Iran
country	The Port McArthur Tidal Wetlands System comprises a 994 km2 tract of tidal wetlands on the south-west coast of the Gulf of Carpentaria in the Northern Territory of Australia.	Port McArthur Tidal Wetlands System	Australia
country	Smolensky Cemetery (Russian: Смоленское кладбище) is the oldest continuously operating cemetery in Saint Petersburg, Russia.	Smolensky Cemetery	Russia
country	The Plaza Aníbal Pinto is a plaza built on reclaimed land in Valparaíso, Chile.	Plaza Aníbal Pinto	Chile
country	Elbe-Stremme-Fiener was a Verwaltungsgemeinschaft (``collective municipality'') in the Jerichower Land district, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Elbe-Stremme-Fiener	Germany
country	Vadsø Airport (Norwegian: Vadsø lufthavn; IATA: VDS, ICAO: ENVD) is a regional airport in Vadsø Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Vadsø Airport	Norway
country	La Valette-du-Var (Provençal Occitan: La Valeta) is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.	La Valette-du-Var	France
country	North Karachi or New Karachi (Urdu: شمالی کراچی ‎) is a town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	North Karachi	Pakistan
country	Lengenfeld unterm Stein (or Lengenfeld/Stein) is a village and a former municipality in the Unstrut-Hainich district of Thuringia, Germany.	Lengenfeld unterm Stein	Germany
country	Stephanie Falls is an 8.5 metre high complex classic cascade waterfall found on private property in Ancaster, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Stephanie Falls	Canada
country	Moonlit Sanctuary Wildlife Conservation Park is a 25-acre (10 ha) biopark within the Pearcedale Conservation Park located at Pearcedale on the Mornington Peninsula near Melbourne, Australia.	Moonlit Sanctuary Wildlife Conservation Park	Australia
country	Abdollah Kandi (Persian: عبداله كندي‎, also Romanized as ʿAbdollah Kandī) is a village in Chaybasar-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Abdollah Kandi	Iran
country	The Rawalpindi International School was founded in the 1980 in the city of Rawalpindi, in the Punjab, Pakistan.	Rawalpindi International School	Pakistan
country	Until January 1, 2007, Ejby Municipality was a municipality (Danish, kommune) in Funen County on the north and west coasts of the island of Funen in southern Denmark.	Ejby Municipality	Denmark
country	The Črni Vrh Observatory (Slovene: Observatorij Črni Vrh, IAU code 106) is located in Western Slovenia, close to the settlement of Črni Vrh, near the town of Idrija.	Črni Vrh Observatory	Slovenia
country	Obrazhiivka (Ukrainian: Ображіївка, Russian: Ображиевка, Obrazhiyevka) is a village in Shostka Raion, Sumy Oblast, Ukraine.	Obrazhiivka	Ukraine
country	Cremon was a marsh island in the Alster river at Hamburg, Germany.	Cremon	Germany
country	Siah Gur-e Hajji (Persian: سياه گورحاجي‎, also Romanized as Sīāh Gūr-e Ḩājjī) is a village in Nazil Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Siah Gur-e Hajji	Iran
country	Malakula Island (coordinates 16.30°S 167.50°E), also spelled Malekula, is the second-largest island in the nation of Vanuatu, in the Pacific Ocean region of Melanesia.	Malakula	Vanuatu
country	Gantali Pora is a village in Bijbehara tehsil, Anantnag district, Jammu and Kashmir, India.	Gantali Pora	India
country	The Hidden Valley mine is a gold mine in Papua New Guinea .	Hidden Valley mine	Papua New Guinea
country	Kaspi (Georgian: კასპი) is a town in central Georgia on the Mtkvari River.	Kaspi	Georgia
country	Delft Zuid railway station is a railway station in Delft, Netherlands, located on the railway line between The Hague and Rotterdam.	Delft Zuid railway station	Netherlands
country	Sovinec (German: Eulenburg) is a castle situated on a cone-shaped hill located in the south-west parts of the Rešov hilly region of Bruntál District, in North Moravia, Czech Republic.	Sovinec	Czech Republic
country	Zarakes (Greek: Ζάρακες) is a village in the Dystos municipality of Euboea, Greece.	Zarakes	Greece
country	Odendaalsrus is the oldest gold mining town in the Lejweleputswa District Municipality of the Free State province in South Africa.	Odendaalsrus	South Africa
country	Kaunas Botanical Garden also known as the Kaunas Botanical Garden of Vytautas Magnus University (Lithuanian: Vytauto Didžiojo universiteto Kauno botanikos sodas; Latin: Hortus Botanicus Kaunensis Universitati Vytauti Magni), is a botanical garden in Kaunas, Lithuania.	Kaunas Botanical Garden	Lithuania
country	Jeziorany (jɛʑɔˈranɨ) (German: Seeburg) is a town in Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, Poland, with 3,411 inhabitants (2004).	Jeziorany	Poland
country	Yakhak-Yust (Persian: یخاک-یوست‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Yakhak-Yust	Tajikistan
country	Maniwaki Airport, (IATA: YMW, ICAO: CYMW), is located 5.3 nautical miles (9.8 km; 6.1 mi) south of Maniwaki, Quebec, Canada.	Maniwaki Airport	Canada
country	Villa Piovene is a Palladian villa built in Lonedo di Lugo, province of Vicenza, northern Italy.	Villa Piovene	Italy
country	Anapa Airport (Russian: аэропорт Анапа) (IATA: AAQ, ICAO: URKA), also known as Vityazevo Airport (Russian: аэропорт Витязево) is an international airport located near Vityazevo village in Anapa, Russia.	Anapa Airport	Russia
country	Tepecoyo is a municipality in the La Libertad department of El Salvador, situated 30 minutes from Santa Tecla.	Tepecoyo	El Salvador
country	The Kas River is a seasonal river located in the Washim and Buldhana districts of western Vidarbha, Maharashtra, India.	Kas River	India
country	Dønnes is a village and a former municipality in the Helgeland traditional region in Nordland county, Norway.	Dønnes	Norway
country	Kasemrad Sriburin General Hospital or Kasaemrad Hospital is a hospital in Chiang Rai in northeast Thailand.	Kasemrad Sriburin General Hospital	Thailand
country	Trinigy was an independent company focusing on the development of advanced 3D graphics technology with its headquarters based in Southern Germany, with offices in Austin, TX (USA) and Seoul, South Korea.	Trinigy	Germany
country	Posada Jaćmierska Górna (pɔˈsada jat͡ɕˈmʲɛrska ˈɡurna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zarszyn, within Sanok County, Podkarpackie Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Posada Jaćmierska Górna	Poland
country	From season 1925/26 to 1930/31, when a new system got introduced, FC Solothurn played in the highest football league in Switzerland.	FC Solothurn	Switzerland
country	Vindobona (from Gaulish windo- ``white'' and bona ``base/bottom'') was a Celtic settlement and later a Roman military camp on the site of the modern city of Vienna in Austria.	Vindobona	Austria
country	The Ślęża (ˈɕlɛ̃ʐa) (German: Zobten or Zobtenberg, later also Siling) is a mountain in the Sudeten Foreland (Polish: Przedgórze Sudeckie) in Lower Silesia, 30 km (19 mi) from Wrocław, southern Poland.	Ślęża	Poland
country	Ropsten is a cape at the eastern part of Stockholm mainland at the inner part of Stockholm archipelago in Sweden.	Ropsten	Sweden
country	Mokrz (mɔkʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wronki, within Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Mokrz	Poland
country	Kokorou or Kokoro is a town and rural commune in the Téra Department of western Niger.	Kokorou	Niger
country	Gilavand (Persian: گيلاوند‎, also Romanized as Gīlāvand) is a village in Azna Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Gilavand	Iran
country	Janeži (pronounced (ˈjaːnɛʒi)) is a small settlement in the hills west of Sodražica in southern Slovenia.	Janeži	Slovenia
country	Jagharq (Persian: جاغرق‎, also Romanized as Jāgharq and Jā Gharq; also known as Jāgharg and Jāqarq) is a village in Jagharq Rural District, Torqabeh District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jagharq	Iran
country	Kafr Takharim (Arabic: كفر تخاريم‎, also spelled Kafar Takhareem or Kfar Takharam) is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Idlib Governorate, located in the north of Idlib.	Kafr Takharim	Syria
country	An Order of Council is a form of legislation in the United Kingdom.	Order of Council	United Kingdom
country	The Galich transmitter is an unfinished facility for FM and TV broadcasting near Galich in Russia at 58°26'27``N 42°37'43''E. The 350 metres tall antenna tower was built in 1991 as a lattice steel structure with square cross section, guyed in 4 directions.	Galich transmitter	Russia
country	Ryvarden Lighthouse (Norwegian: Ryvarden fyr) is a coastal lighthouse on the western coast of the municipality of Sveio in Hordaland county, Norway.	Ryvarden Lighthouse	Norway
country	Gliniewo (ɡliˈɲevɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przodkowo, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gliniewo	Poland
country	Firebase Sarge (also known as Firebase Dong Toan or Hill 552) is a former U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) firebase in central Vietnam.	Firebase Sarge	Vietnam
country	The Gold Stealing Detection Unit (GSDU), or Gold Stealing Detective Squad (GSDS), is a special unit of the Western Australian Police, based in Kalgoorlie, Western Australia.	Gold Stealing Detection Unit	Australia
country	The Şişli Armenian Cemetery is an Armenian cemetery in the Şişli district of Istanbul, Turkey which is operated and served to the Armenian community of Turkey.	Şişli Armenian Cemetery	Turkey
country	After Pascual de Andagoya, a Spanish-Basque conquistador under the direction of Panama governor Pedrarias Dávila, founded Panama City in 1519, Santa María la Antigua del Darién was abandoned and in 1524 was attacked and burned by the indigenous people.	Santa María la Antigua del Darién	Panama
country	Słowino (swɔˈvinɔ) (formerly German Schlawin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Darłowo, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Słowino	Poland
country	Gaharkuh (Persian: گهركوه‎, also Romanized as Gaharkūh) is a village in Gowharan Rural District, Gowharan District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Gaharkuh	Iran
country	Kostrzynek (kɔsˈtʂɨnɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysoka, within Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kostrzynek	Poland
country	Grabonóg (ɡraˈbɔnuk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski, within Gostyń County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Grabonóg	Poland
country	The Einstein Tower (German: Einsteinturm) is an astrophysical observatory in the Albert Einstein Science Park in Potsdam, Germany built by Erich Mendelsohn.	Einstein Tower	Germany
country	The 2006 FEI World Equestrian Games were held in Aachen, Germany from August 20 to September 3, 2006.	2006 FEI World Equestrian Games	Germany
country	The Muzaffarpur Junction railway station, is well connected to most of the major cities in India by the railway network and serves the city with numerous number of trains.	Muzaffarpur Junction railway station	India
country	The Hartvig Nissen School (Norwegian: Hartvig Nissens skole), informally referred to as Nissen, is a gymnasium in Oslo, Norway.	Hartvig Nissen School	Norway
country	Tudaran (Persian: توداران‎‎, also Romanized as Tūdārān) is a village in Kuhpayeh-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Abyek County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Tudaran	Iran
country	Vasind is also well connected through National Highway 3 (India).	Vasind	India
country	Zbylutów (zbɨˈlutuf) (German: Deutmannsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek Śląski, within Lwówek Śląski County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Zbylutów	Poland
country	Sadunts (Armenian: Սադունց; until 1978, Karvansara and Karavansara, formerly Amre Taza) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Sadunts	Armenia
country	Toghay (Persian: طغاي‎, also Romanized as Toghāy and Ţoghāy) is a village in Qezel Uzan Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Toghay	Iran
country	Fortis Malar Hospital formerly known as Malar Hospital is a multi super-specialty hospital located at Adyar in Chennai, India.	Fortis Malar Hospital	India
country	Pir Bast-e Luleman (Persian: پيربست لولمان‎, also Romanized as Pīr Bast-e Lūlemān; also known as Pīr Bas, Pīr Bast, and Pirebast) is a village in Luleman Rural District, Kuchesfahan District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pir Bast-e Luleman	Iran
country	Wilkie Airport, (TC LID: CKW7), is an abandoned aerodrome that was located adjacent to Wilkie, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Wilkie Airport	Canada
country	Haluza (Hebrew: חלוצה‎), also known as Halasa, Chellous (Χελλοὺς in Greek), al-Khalasa and Elusa, is a city in the Negev, Israel, that was once part of the Nabataean Incense Route.	Haluza	Israel
country	Couvin is the second largest municipality of Belgium by surface area, after Tournai.	Couvin	Belgium
country	Viļāni ( pronunciation ) (German: Welonen, Polish: Wielony) is a town in Eastern Latvia, situated in the western part of Rēzekne District.	Viļāni	Latvia
country	The Grand Steeple-Chase de Paris is a Group 1 steeplechase in France which is open to horses aged five years or older.	Grand Steeple-Chase de Paris	France
country	Berejów (bɛˈrɛjuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niedźwiada, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Berejów	Poland
country	Đá Nhảy Beach is a beautiful beach on the shore of South China Sea, 40 km north of Đồng Hới city, Quảng Bình Province, Vietnam.	Đá Nhảy Beach	Vietnam
country	DNB ASA (formerly DnB NOR ASA) is Norway's largest financial services group with total combined assets of more than NOK 1.9 trillion and a market capitalisation NOK 196 billion as per 27 November 2014.	DNB ASA	Norway
country	Rahdari is a village in the Noorpur Thal tehsil Union Councils (administrative subdivisions) of Khushab District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.	Rahdari	Pakistan
country	Lévignac, also known as Lévignac-sur-Save, is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France.	Lévignac	France
country	The Latgalian Christian Peasant and Catholic Party (Latvian: Latgales kristige zemnieki un katoli) was a Christian centrist political party in the Latvia in the inter-war period.	Latgalian Christian Peasant and Catholic Party	Latvia
country	Atkarsk (Russian: Атка́рск) is a town in Saratov Oblast, Russia, located at the confluence of the Atkara and Medveditsa Rivers, 92 kilometers (57 mi) northwest of Saratov, the administrative center of the oblast.	Atkarsk	Russia
country	Hai Phong Railway Station is one of the main railway stations on the Hanoi-Hai Phong Railway in Vietnam.	Hai Phong Railway Station	Vietnam
country	Laze pri Domžalah (pronounced (ˈlaːzɛ pɾi dɔmˈʒaːlax); German: Laase) is a small settlement east of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Laze pri Domžalah	Slovenia
country	Maja e Kakisë a mountain in the north of Albania.	Maja e Kakisë	Albania
country	Popielina-Towarzystwo (pɔpjɛˈlina tɔvaˈʐɨstfɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lututów, within Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Popielina-Towarzystwo	Poland
country	Agege is a suburb and local government area in the Ikeja Division of Lagos State, Nigeria.	Agege	Nigeria
country	Chunati Wildlife Sanctuary is an IUCN Category IV protected area located in the Chittagong District of the Chittagong Division in southeastern Bangladesh.	Chunati Wildlife Sanctuary	Bangladesh
country of citizenship	Jacques Moderne - Giacomo Moderno (Pinguente, Istria (now Buzet, Croatia), c.1495--1500 -- Lyons, after 1560) was an Italian-born music publisher active in France in the Renaissance Era.	Jacques Moderne	France
country of citizenship	Htun Aeindra Bo (Burmese: ထွန်းအိန္ဒြာဘို, pronounced: (tʰʊ́ɴ ʔèiɴdɹà bò); also Tun Eindra Bo; born 1 May 1966) is a three-time Myanmar Academy Award-winning actress and singer.	Htun Aeindra Bo	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Brian Grech (born 26 January 1980 in Malta) is an award-winning fashion photographer and visual designer, based in Malta.	Brian Grech	Malta
country of citizenship	Jaglal Choudhary (February 5, 1895 - 1975) was an Indian independence activist, dalit leader and politician from Bihar, India.	Jaglal Choudhary	India
country of citizenship	Originally from Wörschach, Austria, Sigi Lemmerer has lived in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and given concert tours through Europe, the USA, and Asia.	Sigi Lemmerer	Austria
country of citizenship	Violetta Egorova (Russian: Виолетта Викторовна Егорова) born November 16, 1969 in Krasnodar (Russia) is a Russian concert pianist.	Violetta Egorova	Russia
country of citizenship	Gary Strydom (born 1960 in Durban, South Africa) is an American IFBB professional bodybuilder.	Gary Strydom	South Africa
country of citizenship	Herbert Belter (December 21, 1929 -- April 28, 1951) was a resistance activist in East Germany.	Herbert Belter	Germany
country of citizenship	Jorge Perrone Galarza was Ecuador's Guayaquil Major from 1986 to 1988.	Jorge Perrone Galarza	Ecuador
country of citizenship	In 2009, Nils Petter Gleditsch was awarded the annual Award for Outstanding Research by the Research Council of Norway.	Nils Petter Gleditsch	Norway
country of citizenship	Peter Wienk (11 September 1920, in Amsterdam, the Netherlands -- 16 August 2010, in IJsselstein, the Netherlands) was a Dutch illustrator and painter.	Peter Wienk	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Manubhai Shah (1915-2000) was an Indian politician who played an important political and developmental role in independent India for over half a century.	Manubhai Shah	India
country of citizenship	Hernán Pertúz was a member of the Colombia national under-20 football team that participated in the 2009 South American Youth Championship.	Hernán Pertúz	Colombia
country of citizenship	David Trubridge is a furniture designer based in Whakatu , New Zealand.	David Trubridge	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Michael Sio (born 16 May 1993) is a New Zealand-born professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Wakefield Trinity Wildcats in the Super League.	Michael Sio	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Árni Páll Árnason (born 23 May 1966) is an Icelandic politician who served in the government of Iceland as Minister of Social Affairs from 10 May 2009 to 2 September 2010 and as Minister of Business Affairs from 2 September 2010 to 31 December 2011.	Árni Páll Árnason	Iceland
country of citizenship	Marek Jan Chodakiewicz (born in 1962 in Warsaw, Poland) is a Polish-American historian specializing in East Central European history of the 19th and 20th century.	Marek Jan Chodakiewicz	Poland
country of citizenship	Nuša Derenda (born Anuška Žnideršič on March 30, 1969 in Brežice, Slovenia) is a Slovenian singer who represented Slovenia at the 2001 Eurovision Song Contest in Copenhagen, Denmark where she achieved 7th place.	Nuša Derenda	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Salem Amer Al-Badri (birth name Moses Chirchir; born 12 December 1985 in Kenya) is a retired middle-distance runner who competed internationally for Qatar mostly in the 800 metres event.	Salem Amer Al-Badri	Qatar
country of citizenship	Robert Adeyinka Adebayo (born 9 March 1928) was the former governor of the now defunct Western State of Nigeria, 1966--1971.	Robert Adeyinka Adebayo	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Gerardo Huber Olivares (disappeared 29 January 1992; body found 20 February 1992) was a Chilean Army Colonel and agent of the DINA, Chile's intelligence agency.	Gerardo Huber	Chile
country of citizenship	Johnny Penisula MNZM is a contemporary Samoan stone sculptor and painter living in New Zealand.	Johnny Penisula	New Zealand
country of citizenship	(George William) David Chidgey, Baron Chidgey (born 9 July 1942 in Basingstoke) is a Liberal Democrat politician in the United Kingdom.	David Chidgey, Baron Chidgey	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Isam Bachiri is a Muslim of Moroccan descent born in 1977 in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Isam Bachiri	Denmark
country of citizenship	Artur Grottger (November 11, 1837 -- December 13, 1867) was a Polish Romantic painter and graphic artist, one of the most prominent artists of the mid 19th century under the foreign partitions of Poland, despite a life cut short by incurable illness.	Artur Grottger	Poland
country of citizenship	Simi Garewal was born in Ludhiana, Punjab, India, in a Jatt Sikh family.	Simi Garewal	India
country of citizenship	Zafer Algöz (born 30 August 1961 in Kars, Turkey) is a Turkish actor, best known for his films Salkım Hanımın Taneleri (1999), A.R.O.G (2008) and Yahşi Batı (2010).	Zafer Algöz	Turkey
country of citizenship	Monikura Tikinau (born 3 January 1990) is a New Zealand rugby league player who joined the Redcliffe Dolphins in 2011, and who play in the Queensland Cup.	Monikura Tikinau	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Taibah Al-Ibrahim (طِيبة أحمد الإبراهيم; c. 1945 -- 28 December 2011) was a Kuwaiti writer who wrote the first science fiction book in Kuwait.	Taibah Al-Ibrahim	Kuwait
country of citizenship	Hector Kobbekaduwa was a Sri Lankan Politician and was the Sri Lanka Freedom Party Candidate in the Sri Lankan presidential election, 1982 which he lost.	Hector Kobbekaduwa	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Adrian Gomólski (born April 29, 1987 in Gniezno, Poland) is an international speedway rider, representing the Poland national U-21 team.	Adrian Gomólski	Poland
country of citizenship	Rene Naufahu (born May 1970) is a New Zealand-born actor, screen writer and director of Tongan and Samoan heritage.	Rene Naufahu	New Zealand
country of citizenship	William Blomfield (1 April 1866 -- 2 March 1938) was a New Zealand cartoonist and local politician.	William Blomfield	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Charles Charamba (born 27 April 1971) is a Zimbabwean gospel musician and a pastor in the Apostolic Faith Mission Church of Zimbabwe.	Charles Charamba	Zimbabwe
country of citizenship	Jacob Rajan, MNZM, is a New Zealand playwright and actor.	Jacob Rajan	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Christian Noyer (born 6 October 1950) is a French higher civil servant, Governor of the Bank of France (2003-2015), and former vice-president of the Executive Board of the European Central Bank (1998--2002).	Christian Noyer	France
country of citizenship	Alexander Acha Alemán (born January 25, 1985 in Mexico City, Distrito Federal) is a Latin Grammy winning Mexican singer-songwriter.	Alexander Acha	Mexico
country of citizenship	Haroon Tanha (Persian: هارون ثنها‎ - Hāroon Tanhā; 6 September 1981), is a singer-songwriter from Afghanistan.	Haroon Tanha	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Jacob Gundersen (29 October 1875 -- January 1968) was a Norwegian-American who represented Norway in the 1908 Olympics.	Jacob Gundersen	Norway
country of citizenship	Tony Manning (born 9 January 1943) is a former track and field athlete from Coolah in New South Wales, Australia, who competed in the middle-distance running events.	Tony Manning	Australia
country of citizenship	Róbert Ruffíni (born 26 January 1967 in Lučenec) is a retired high jumper who represented Czechoslovakia and later Slovakia.	Róbert Ruffíni	Czechoslovakia	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Josanne Lucas (born 14 May 1984) is a track and field athlete from Trinidad and Tobago who specialises in the 400 metres hurdles.	Josanne Lucas	Trinidad and Tobago
country of citizenship	Ricardo Adolfo de la Guardia Arango (14 March 1899 - 29 December 1969) was the independent president of Panama from October 9, 1941 to June 15, 1945.	Ricardo Adolfo de la Guardia Arango	Panama
country of citizenship	Gabriela Trzebinski was born in Nairobi, Kenya, one of three children, her brothers named Bruce and Tonio.	Gabriela Trzebinski	Kenya
country of citizenship	Emil Artin was born in Vienna to parents Emma Maria, née Laura (stage name Clarus), a soubrette on the operetta stages of Austria and Germany, and Emil Hadochadus Maria Artin, Austrian-born of mixed Austrian and Armenian descent.	Emil Artin	Austria	Germany
country of citizenship	Marianne Adam (born 19 September 1951 in Luckenwalde, Brandenburg) is a retired shot putter who competed for East Germany in the 1970s.	Marianne Adam	East Germany
country of citizenship	In the early 1930s, Munavvar Kalantarli moved to Baku to work at the Azerbaijan State Opera Theatre, where together with Yavar Kalantarli and Munavvar's brother Hashim, she performed folk songs.	Munavvar Kalantarli	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Kelvin Roy is a New Zealand based musician and composer.	Kelvin Roy	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Henrik Pontén, born October 17, 1965 in Kalmar, Sweden, is a jurist active in the organization Svenska antipiratbyrån (Swedish Anti-Piracy Bureau), and is often seen representing the organization in the media.	Henrik Pontén	Sweden
country of citizenship	Sam Lundholm (born 1 July 1994, in Stockholm, Sweden), is a Swedish football player who currently plays as a winger for NEC in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Sam Lundholm	Sweden
country of citizenship	Félix Nakamura (June 30, 1940 Lima, Peru - April 3, 2000, Lima, Peru), was a Peruvian animator.	Félix Nakamura	Peru
country of citizenship	Bellu, the most famous cemetery in Romania, sits on a plot of land donated by Barbu Bellu to the local administration.	Barbu Bellu	Romania
country of citizenship	Peter Petráš played for three different teams in Slovakia between 1999 and 2006.	Peter Petráš	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Abdur Rahman Khan (Pashto: عبد رحمان خان‎) (between 1830 to 1844 -- October 1, 1901) was Emir of Afghanistan from 1880 to 1901.	Abdur Rahman Khan	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Dr. Jan Constant Janssen (18 September 1895 in Belgium, Vlimmeren -- 15 April 1970 in Antwerp) was a Belgian physician and businessman.	Constant Janssen	Belgium
country of citizenship	Alexis Rivard (November 21, 1784 -- July 8, 1854) was a trader and political figure in Lower Canada.	Alexis Rivard	Canada
country of citizenship	Phillip W. Simpson is a New Zealand author of primary education books and novels.	Phillip W. Simpson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Khurram Dastgir Khan (Urdu: خرم داستگر خان; b. 12 August 1970), is a Pakistani politician, electrical engineer, economist, and the incumbent Commerce Minister of Pakistan, appointed in the Ministry on 12 January 2014.	Khurram Dastgir Khan	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Nicky Virachkul was born in Thailand, studied in the United States and became a naturalized citizen.	Nicky Virachkul	Thailand
country of citizenship	Philippe Chiffre, born in 1958 in Paris, France, is a French cinema Production Designer	Philippe Chiffre	France
country of citizenship	Yantr is a pseudonymous graffiti artist from Delhi, India.	Yantr	India
country of citizenship	Sibiri Alain Traoré (born 1 January 1988 in Bobo Dioulasso) commonly known as Alain Traoré, is a Burkinabé footballer who plays as a striker for FC Lorient, and the Burkina Faso national team.	Alain Traoré	Burkina Faso
country of citizenship	Catherine Julia Mackay (12 November 1864--28 March 1944) was a New Zealand journalist and cook.	Catherine Julia Mackay	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Where on one hand Diego Maradona scored ``the goal of the century'', back in India, Maradona Rebello was born.	Maradona Rebello	India
country of citizenship	Poldy Bird (born 1941) is an Argentinian writer, who has made poems and collaborations in several newspapers of Argentina and the world.	Poldy Bird	Argentina
country of citizenship	Isabel Madow (Spanish pronunciation: (isaˈβel ˈmaðou); born October 5, 1973) is a Mexican actress and model, born in Mexico City, Mexico.	Isabel Madow	Mexico
country of citizenship	Bernardina Adriana Schramm (1900--1987) was a notable New Zealand pianist and music teacher.	Bernardina Adriana Schramm	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Yiannis Kouros (Greek: Γιάννης Κούρος; born February 13, 1956 in Tripoli, Greece) is a Greek ultramarathon runner based in Melbourne.	Yiannis Kouros	Greece
country of citizenship	Thierry Cassuto (born on the 29th of April 1959, in Neuilly-Sur-Seine, in France) is a film and television producer based in Cape Town, South Africa.	Thierry Cassuto	France
country of citizenship	As a result of this, between 1971 and 1989 Manfred Feist found himself the brother in law of East Germany's de facto head of state.	Manfred Feist	Germany
country of citizenship	Nelson Martín Crossa (born February 2, 1977 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine-Uruguayan footballer.	Martín Crossa	Argentina
country of citizenship	José Rogeiro Antunes also known as Pilo (born March 3, 1980 in Brazil) is a Brazilian footballer.	José Rogeiro Antunes	Brazil
country of citizenship	Orli Wald (July 1, 1914 -- January 1, 1962) was a member of the German Resistance in Nazi Germany.	Orli Wald	Germany
country of citizenship	Zhiyi (Chinese: 智顗; pinyin: zhì yǐ; Wade--Giles: Chih-I; Japanese: Chigi) (538--597 CE) is traditionally listed as the fourth patriarch, but is generally considered the founder of the Tiantai tradition of Buddhism in China.	Zhiyi	China
country of citizenship	Ferry Tayle (born Ludovic Meyer, 1982) is a French DJ and trance producer living in Strasbourg, Alsace, France.	Ferry Tayle	France
country of citizenship	René-Amable Boucher de Boucherville (February 12, 1735 -- August 31, 1812) was a seigneur, soldier and political figure in Lower Canada.	René-Amable Boucher de Boucherville	Canada
country of citizenship	Art historians associating the Dombild Master with the historical Stefan Lochner believe he was born in Meersburg in south-west Germany around 1410, and that he spent some of his apprenticeship in the Low Countries.	Stefan Lochner	Germany
country of citizenship	Sara Aghai (born October 20, 1994 in New West, Canada) is a Canadian ice dancer who currently represents Finland with partner Jussiville Partanen.	Sara Aghai	Finland
country of citizenship	Osman Zeki Üngör (1880--28 February 1958) was a Turkish composer, violin virtuoso and lyricist, who served as the first conductor of the Presidential Symphony Orchestra of the Republic of Turkey.	Osman Zeki Üngör	Turkey
country of citizenship	Loránd Szilágyi (born 21 September 1985 in Romania), he is a defender and currently plays for Honvéd in the Hungarian NB I.	Loránd Szilágyi	Romania
country of citizenship	John Klass (born February 16, 1970 in Singapore) is a Triple-platinum award-winning singer/producer/songwriter/radio presenter.	John Klass	Singapore
country of citizenship	Wellington Sandoval Córdova is a surgeon and former politician of Ecuador, who served as the Minister of National Defence between August 31, 2007 and April 9, 2008.	Wellington Sandoval	Ecuador
country of citizenship	José Vicente de Moura (born 1937) is the current president of the Olympic Committee of Portugal since 1997.	José Vicente de Moura	Portugal
country of citizenship	Jamal Karimi-Rad (1956 -- 28 December 2006) (Persian: جمال کریمی راد ‎) was the Minister of Justice of the Islamic Republic of Iran.	Jamal Karimi-Rad	Iran
country of citizenship	Müjdat Karanfilci (born 28 February 1950) is a former Turkey international football forward who played for clubs in Turkey and a manager.	Müjdat Karanfilci	Turkey
country of citizenship	Siegmund (Sigismund) Freiherr von Herberstein, (or Baron Sigismund von Herberstein), (23 August 1486 -- 28 March 1566) was a Carniolan diplomat, writer, historian and member of the Holy Roman Empire Imperial Council.	Sigismund von Herberstein	Holy Roman Empire
country of citizenship	Haidar Mahmoud, alternatively Heidar Mahmoud (born 19 September 1973) is an Iraqi football Defender who played for Iraq in the 1996 AFC Asian Cup & 2000 AFC Asian Cup.	Haidar Mahmoud	Iraq
country of citizenship	Mariela Cingo (born 14 February 1978 in Korçë, Albania) is an Albanian pianist currently residing in the United Kingdom.	Mariela Cingo	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Charles Bigg Wither (died 1874) was a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council from 15 October 1863 to 9 November 1863, when he resigned.	Charles Bigg Wither	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Peter Dasent is a New Zealand born composer, pianist and songwriter who has lived and worked in Sydney, Australia since 1981.	Peter Dasent	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Michel Rojkind (born December 18, 1969 in Mexico City) is the founding partner of Rojkind Arquitectos and according to Forbes Life a representative of a Mexican generation of architects transforming the country.	Michel Rojkind	Mexico
country of citizenship	Capitão Guimarães is a former army captain attached to the DOI-CODI involved in torture during the military dictatorship of Brazil (1964--1985).	Capitão Guimarães	Brazil
country of citizenship	Kevin Casha - Born in January, 1958, is a Maltese Photographer He is four times the Malta Photographic Society's (MPS) Photographer of the Year (1986, 1991, 1993, 1994).	Kevin Casha	Malta
country of citizenship	Helen Norfolk (born 27 August 1981 in Christchurch) is a New Zealand swimming competitor.	Helen Norfolk	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Guy Stern (born January 14, 1922 in Hildesheim, Germany) is a German-Jewish scholar of literature, primarily German and comparative.	Guy Stern	Germany
country of citizenship	His son Émile Ollivier became a prominent politician, and Démosthène Ollivier was allowed to return to France in 1860.	Démosthène Ollivier	France
country of citizenship	Víctor Grippo (10 May 1936 -- February 2002) was an Argentine painter, engraver and sculptor, considered the father of conceptual art in Argentina.	Víctor Grippo	Argentina
country of citizenship	Günter Fronius (11 November 1907 -- 21 July 2015) was an entrepreneur and the founder of Fronius International GmbH. Fronius was born in Hermannstadt, Austria-Hungary (now Sibiu, Romania), and obtained his engineering degree from Breslau University of Technology in 1945.	Günter Fronius	Austria
country of citizenship	Isabel Mundry was born in Schlüchtern (Germany) in 1963 and studied composition at the Hochschule der Künste and electronic music, musicology and history at the Berlin Technische Universität.	Isabel Mundry	Germany
country of citizenship	Harry Linley Richardson (1878--1947) was a New Zealand artist and art teacher, stamp designer.	Harry Linley Richardson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Sagawa Chika, née Kawasaki Ai, was born in Hokkaido, Japan, in 1936.	Sagawa Chika	Japan
country of citizenship	Friedrich Kunath (born 1974 in Chemnitz, East Germany) is a visual artist who lives in Los Angeles.	Friedrich Kunath	Germany
country of citizenship	Oļegs Šļahovs or Oleg Shliakhov (born 8 September 1973 in Riga, Latvia) is a Latvian pair skater.	Oļegs Šļahovs	Latvia
country of citizenship	Trevor Blackwell (born 4 November 1969 in Canada) is a computer programmer, engineer and entrepreneur based in Silicon Valley.	Trevor Blackwell	Canada
country of citizenship	Prince Ivane Javakhishvili (Georgian: ივანე ჯავახიშვილი) (1876-1940) was a Georgian historian and a linguist whose voluminous works heavily influenced the modern scholarship of the history and culture of Georgia.	Ivane Javakhishvili	Georgia
country of citizenship	Neville Crichton, CNZM, is a New Zealand businessman who was also a competitor in Australasian motor and yacht racing.	Neville Crichton	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Si Suthammaracha (Thai: ศรีสุธรรมราชา) was the King of Thailand from August to October 1656--26 August 1656 (2 months 17 Days).	Si Suthammaracha	Thailand
country of citizenship	Cedric Harris (born 28 February 1967 in Saint George, Dominica) is a retired middle-distance runner from Dominica who competed at the 1996 Summer Olympic Games in the men's 800 metres and finished 6th in his heat, failing to advance.	Cedric Harris	Dominica
country of citizenship	Tim Louis (born August 13, 1958) is a lawyer and municipal politician in Vancouver, Canada.	Tim Louis	Canada
country of citizenship	Armando Marsans (October 3, 1887 in Matanzas, Cuba -- September 3, 1960 in Havana, Cuba) was a Major League Baseball outfielder from 1911 to 1918.	Armando Marsans	Cuba
country of citizenship	Mnatsakan Iskandaryan (Armenian: Մնացական Իսկանդարյան, born 17 May 1967) is a former Greco-Roman wrestler of Armenian descent who competed for the Soviet Union and Russia.	Mnatsakan Iskandaryan	Russia
country of citizenship	Jordan Vandermade (born 7 May 1987) is a television presenter in Auckland, New Zealand.	Jordan Vandermade	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Kerk Kim Hock (Chinese: 郭金福; pinyin: Guō Jīn Fú); was the fourth secretary-general for Democratic Action Party (DAP), an opposition party in Malaysia.	Kerk Kim Hock	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Frederique Trunk was born in Colmar, France and graduated in 1986 from the Conservatoire de Music de Strasbourg with honors in piano, ear training and theory.	Frederique Trunk	France
country of citizenship	Edward Twohig is a former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, Canada for the constituency of Kings North.	Edward Twohig	Canada
country of citizenship	Riccardo Fogli (born 21 October 1947 in Pontedera, Province of Pisa, Italy) is an Italian singer.	Riccardo Fogli	Italy
country of citizenship	Stephen J. Turnovsky (born 1941) is a New Zealand economist and the Ford and Louisa Van Voorhis Professor of Political Economy at the University of Washington.	Stephen J. Turnovsky	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Khúc Thừa Dụ (Chinese: 曲承裕; pinyin: Qū Chéngyù) or Khúc Tiên (曲先; Qǔ Xiān) (?--907) was a Vietnamese Jiedushi of Vietnam, Jinghai-jun Tĩnh Hải quân, in the early 10th century.	Khúc Thừa Dụ	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Guy Bleus (born October 23, 1950 in Hasselt, Belgium) is an artist associated with the mail art movement and performance art. His work covers different areas, including administration (which he calls Artministration), postal and olfactory communication.	Guy Bleus	Belgium
country of citizenship	Ponneelan (Tamil: பொன்னீலன், born. 1940 at Manikatti Pottal, Kanyakumari district) is the pen name of Kandeswara Bhaktavatsalan, a Tamil writer from Tamil Nadu, India.	Ponneelan	India
country of citizenship	Charlotte Dawson (8 April 1966 -- 22 February 2014) was a New Zealand--	Charlotte Dawson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Maria Margaretha van Os (1779 -- 1862), was a 19th-century flower painter from the Northern Netherlands.	Maria Margaretha van Os	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Alejandro Gomez Sigala (born in Barquisimeto, Venezuela, 6 December 1960) is an equestrian.	Alejandro Gomez Sigala	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Gertrude Helen Benson (25 January 1886 -- 20 February 1964) was a New Zealand professor of home science.	Gertrude Helen Benson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Fabrizio Zoffoli (born 25 October 1987 in Ravenna, Italy) is an Italian classical violinist.	Fabrizio Zoffoli	Italy
country of citizenship	Natasha Falle (born 1973) is a Canadian professor at Humber College in Toronto, Ontario, Canada who was forcibly prostituted from the ages of 15 to 27 and now opposes prostitution in Canada.	Natasha Falle	Canada
country of citizenship	Daniel Tinte (born 6 December 1969, in Salta) is a musician, pianist, and composer from Argentina.	Daniel Tinte	Argentina
country of citizenship	Alfred William Finch was born on 28 November 1854 in Brussels, Belgium to British parents, Joseph Finch (a businessman) and Emma Finch (née Holach).	Alfred William Finch	Belgium
country of citizenship	Florian Răzvan Benche (born September 23, 1981 in Cluj-Napoca, Romania), also known as Florian Benke or Răzvan Benke in the boxing world, is a Romanian heavyweight boxer and super heavyweight kickboxer.	Răzvan Benche	Romania
country of citizenship	Knut Haakonsson (Knut Håkonsson, Old Norse Knútr Hákonarson) (c. 1208--1261) was a Norwegian nobleman and claimant to the throne during the Civil war era in Norway.	Knut Haakonsson	Norway
country of citizenship	Marcel Slawick was a French football referee during the 1920s; born in Paris France on 13 February 1877.	Marcel Slawick	France
country of citizenship	Wiremu Te Kahui Kararehe (1846--1904) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader and historian.	Wiremu Te Kahui Kararehe	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mao Dun (4 July 1896 -- 27 March 1981) was the pen name of Shen Dehong (Shen Yanbing), a 20th-century Chinese novelist, cultural critic, and the Minister of Culture of People's Republic of China (1949--65).	Mao Dun	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Bazilio Olara-Okello (1929 -- 9 January 1990) was a Ugandan military officer and one of the commanders of the Uganda National Liberation Army (UNLA) that together with the Tanzanian army overthrew Idi Amin in 1979.	Bazilio Olara-Okello	Uganda
country of citizenship	Gruschenka Stevens (born Grace Simon, July 16, 1974 in Cologne, Germany) is a German actress and singer.	Gruschenka Stevens	Germany
country of citizenship	Louis-Nazaire Bégin was born in Saint-Joseph-de-la-Pointe-Lévis (Today named Lévis), Quebec, to a modest family of farmers whose ancestors came from Normandy, France, to Canada in 1655.	Louis-Nazaire Bégin	Canada
country of citizenship	Sebastián Edwards (born 16 August 1953, Santiago, Chile) is a Chilean economist, professor, speaker, and consultant.	Sebastián Edwards	Chile
country of citizenship	Tod Johnston is an entertainer, radio and television personality and presenter and musician from Perth, Western Australia.	Tod Johnston	Australia
country of citizenship	Harold Allison (born 10 July 1930) was an Australian politician who represented the South Australian House of Assembly seats of Mount Gambier from 1975 to 1993 and Gordon from 1993 to 1997 for the Liberal Party of Australia.	Harold Allison	Australia
country of citizenship	David Pakieto is a New Zealand current rugby league video referee and former referee.	David Pakieto	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Dilman Kinsey Erb (July 16, 1857 -- February 19, 1936) was an educator, farmer and political figure in Ontario, Canada.	Dilman Kinsey Erb	Canada
country of citizenship	Petter Adolf Karsten (16 February 1834 -- 22 March 1917) was a Finnish mycologist, the foremost expert on the fungi of Finland in his day, and known in consequence as the ``father of Finnish mycology''.	Petter Adolf Karsten	Finland
country of citizenship	Per Hillestad (born 25 March 1959 in Øvre Årdal, Norway) is a Norwegian musician (drums) and record producer, known as drummer in Lava and was contributing in releases by a-ha, Vamp, Jonas Fjeld, Bjølsen Valsemølle and Marius Müller.	Per Hillestad	Norway
country of citizenship	Nik Mrdja (born 30 November 1978 in Perth, Western Australia) is an Australian former football (soccer) player.	Nik Mrdja	Australia
country of citizenship	Martti Saarinen (born 20 October 1980 in Tuusula, Finland) is a Finnish singer and the winner of the fifth series of the Idols in 2011.	Martti Saarinen	Finland
country of citizenship	Raúl Díaz Arce (born February 1, 1970 in San Miguel, El Salvador) is a retired Salvadoran football player.	Raúl Díaz Arce	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Jitender Singh Malik is a former Member of Parliament of India from Sonepat.	Jitender Singh Malik	India
country of citizenship	Dr. Heba Kotb (Arabic: هبة قطب‎; born September 19, 1967) is an Egyptian certified sex therapist and host of The Big Talk, a sexual advice show airing in Egypt.	Heba Kotb	Egypt
country of citizenship	Athinhkaya Saw Yun (Burmese: အသင်္ခယာ စောယွမ်း (ʔəθɪ̀ɴ kʰəjà sɔ́ jʊ́ɴ); also spelled Sawyun; c. 1299 -- 5 February 1327) was the founder of the Sagaing Kingdom of Myanmar (Burma).	Saw Yun	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Ann Culy (born 1952) is a New Zealand jeweller.	Ann Culy	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Margrét Hermanns Auðardóttir PhD, is an Icelandic archaeologist best known for her PhD thesis presenting the provocative theory that Iceland may have been settled by Scandinavians (probably Christian refugees from pagan Norway) long before the official date of 874.	Margrét Hermanns Auðardóttir	Iceland
country of citizenship	Damir Bajs (Born October 7, 1964, Pakrac, Croatia) is Croatian politician and former Croatian Minister of Tourism.	Damir Bajs	Croatia
country of citizenship	Dimi Mint Abba (Arabic: ديمي منت آبا‎‎; 25 December 1958 -- 4 June 2011) was one of Mauritania's most famous musicians.	Dimi Mint Abba	Mauritania
country of citizenship	Wang Seng-wei, (traditional Chinese: 王勝偉; simplified Chinese: 王胜伟; pinyin: Wáng Shèngwěi; Wade--Giles: Wang2 Sheng4 Wei3; born April 1, 1984 in Taiwan), is a Taiwanese baseball player who currently plays for Brother Elephants of Chinese Professional Baseball League.	Wang Seng-wei	Taiwan
country of citizenship	Roxanne Ashley Yu is a Filipino swimmer who represents the Philippines.	Roxanne Ashley Yu	Philippines
country of citizenship	Sherif Hazem (born January 1, 1987 in Egypt) is an Egyptian international football (soccer) player who plays as a center back.	Sherif Hazem	Egypt
country of citizenship	Teng Huo-Tu (鄧火土; 1911--1978) was an ichthyologist with the Taiwan Fisheries Research Institute (台灣省水產試驗所).	Teng Huo-Tu	Taiwan
country of citizenship	Philippe De Ridder (born 6 August 1964 in Brussels, Belgium) is a Belgian coach, football administrator and a former football player.	Philippe De Ridder	Belgium
country of citizenship	Sir David Monro (27 March 1813 -- 15 February 1877) was a New Zealand politician.	David Monro	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jens Nilssøn (in Latin Joannis Nicolai) (1538--1600) was the Bishop of Oslo from 1580 to 1600, a poet, author and one of the Oslo humanists, a group of men who lived in Eastern Norway in the 16th century who through their scholarly studies represented the breakthrough of humanism in Norway.	Jens Nilssøn	Norway
country of citizenship	Katerine Moreno de Quintanilla (born 4 May 1974 in Santa Cruz de la Sierra) is a retired swimmer from Bolivia.	Katerine Moreno	Bolivia
country of citizenship	István Sarlós (30 October 1921 -- 19 June 2006) was a Hungarian politician, who served as Speaker of the National Assembly of Hungary between 1984 and 1988.	István Sarlós	Hungary
country of citizenship	Ingrid Mcleod is a nominated Lok Sabha member representing India's Anglo-Indian community.	Ingrid Mcleod	India
country of citizenship	Miina Äkkijyrkkä aka Liina Lång (born July 2, 1949 in Iisalmi, Finland) is a Finnish artist.	Miina Äkkijyrkkä	Finland
country of citizenship	V. S. Sirpurkar (born 22 August 1946) is a retired judge of the Supreme Court of India.	V. S. Sirpurkar	India
country of citizenship	Rami Heuberger (Hebrew: רמי הויברגר) (born January 12, 1963 in Tel Aviv, Israel) is an Israeli director, actor and entertainer.	Rami Heuberger	Israel
country of citizenship	Bakwana Kgosidintsi Kgari (1921--1977) was a former politician and diplomat in Botswana.	Bakwana Kgosidintsi Kgari	Botswana
country of citizenship	Kapil Muni Tiwary was born in Nainijor village in the Bhojpur District of Bihar, India.	Kapil Muni Tiwary	India
country of citizenship	Marcel Khalife (Arabic: مرسيل خليفة‎; b. June 10, 1950, Amchit, Mount Lebanon Governorate, Lebanon) is a Lebanese composer, singer and oud player.	Marcel Khalife	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Taraki Sivaram or Dharmeratnam Sivaram (11 August 1959 -- 28 April 2005) was a popular Tamil journalist of Sri Lanka.	Taraki Sivaram	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	In 2004 Viktoria Baškite was named the best young chess player in Estonia.	Viktoria Baškite	Estonia
country of citizenship	Victoria Bachke (7 July 1896 -- 19 November 1963) is most widely known as the founder and first director of Ringve Museum, the national museum of music and musical instruments at Lade, Trondheim, Norway.	Victoria Bachke	Norway
country of citizenship	Silvio Lafuenti (or spells as La Fuenti) (born 9 August 1970 in Ostia Lido, Italy) is a retired Italian footballer.	Silvio Lafuenti	Italy
country of citizenship	Carlos Moscardini has performed throughout Argentina, Chile, Brazil, Norway, Sweden, Belgium, Denmark and Germany.	Carlos Moscardini	Argentina
country of citizenship	Benjaminas Zelkevičius (born 6 February 1944) is a football coach and a former striker from Lithuania.	Benjaminas Zelkevičius	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Azadeh Ensha (Persian: آزاده انشاﻋ‎, born in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian-American journalist who works for The New York Times.	Azadeh Ensha	Iran
country of citizenship	Turki Sufyani (Arabic: تركي سفياني) is a football player, who plays as a Winger for Al-Nassr, in Saudi Arabia.	Turki Sufyani	Saudi Arabia
country of citizenship	Maki Pulido is one of two journalists on Reporter's Notebook, a current affairs programme on the Philippines terrestrial television channel GMA with partner Jiggy Manicad.	Maki Pulido	Philippines
country of citizenship	Döme Sztójay (5 January 1883 -- 22 August 1946) was a Hungarian soldier and diplomat of Serb origin, who served as Prime Minister of Hungary in 1944, during World War II.	Döme Sztójay	Hungary
country of citizenship	Lieutenant General Hamid Nawaz Khan, HI(M), was a career Pakistan Army soldier who served as Federal Interior Minister from November 2007 to April 2008 and Defence Secretary of Pakistan from 2001 to 2005.	Hamid Nawaz Khan	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Anuar Manan started his career with LeTua Cycling Team and showed his natural talent as a sprinter when he won two stages of the 2007 Jelajah Malaysia and the blue jersey.	Anuar Manan	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Bias was claimed particularly in the 2010 United Kingdom general election coverage; a Facebook group entitled ``Nick Robinson should not be the BBC's political editor'' was set up in August 2010.	Nick Robinson	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Mauricio Aceves (born December 18, 1960 in Mexico City, Distrito Federal, Mexico) was a Mexican boxer in the Light welterweight division.	Mauricio Aceves	Mexico
country of citizenship	Anna Galvan (née Veronese; born 20 November 1978 in Christchurch, New Zealand) is a retired New Zealand netball player.	Anna Galvan	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Henry Sobel (born 9 January 1944) is a Brazilian reform rabbi and an American citizen, and was president of the Congregação Israelita Paulista (CIP), the second largest Jewish congregation in Latin America, in São Paulo, Brazil.	Henry Sobel	Brazil
country of citizenship	Israel Sesay (born September 4, 1990) is a Sierra Leone-born American soccer player who currently plays for the Las Vegas Legends in the Professional Arena Soccer League.	Israel Sesay	Sierra Leone
country of citizenship	Ritu Sarin is an Indian film director and producer based in Dharamshala, India.	Ritu Sarin	India
country of citizenship	Maximiliano Kosteki (born July 3, 1979, Buenos Aires, Argentina; died June 26, 2002, Avellaneda, Argentina) was an Argentine activist and painter.	Maximiliano Kosteki	Argentina
country of citizenship	Nic O'Brien (born 1 January 1980) is a former New Zealand hurdler.	Nic O'Brien	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Sardar Surjit Singh Randhawa (October 10, 1951 - January 6, 1984) was an Indian field hockey player, who played for India national field hockey team at the 1976 Montreal Olympics.	Surjit Singh Randhawa	India
country of citizenship	Linde Ivimey was born in Sydney, Australia and obtained a Diploma of Fine Art in both printmaking and sculpture at the Claremont School of Art in Perth.	Linde Ivimey	Australia
country of citizenship	Mallika Sarabhai (born 9 May 1954) is an activist and Indian classical dancer from Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India.	Mallika Sarabhai	India
country of citizenship	Güven Sazak (1935 in Ankara, Turkey -- April 25, 2011) was the 40th President of Türkiye Süper Ligi club Fenerbahçe SK between 1993 and 1994.	Güven Sazak	Turkey
country of citizenship	Waata Pihikete Kukutai (died 8 January 1867) was a New Zealand Māori tribal leader, farmer and assessor.	Waata Pihikete Kukutai	New Zealand
country of citizenship	The single topped the charts in MØ's native Denmark, Australia, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands and New Zealand, while reaching the top five in several countries, including France, Germany, Sweden, the United Kingdom and the United States.	MØ	Denmark
country of citizenship	Nikki Payne (also credited as Nikkie Payne), is a Canadian comedian and actress, from Lower Sackville, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Nikki Payne	Canada
country of citizenship	Puthen Madathil Rajan Gurukkal was born on 15 May 1948 in a northern Kerala village called Kariyad near Mahe in the Kannur District of India.	Rajan Gurukkal	India
country of citizenship	Putul Kumari born on (16 November 1958) is an Indian politician from Bihar state, and member of 15th Lok Sabha (Lower house of Parliament of India) from Banka, Bihar.	Putul Kumari	India
country of citizenship	Andreas Illiger is from Kiel, Germany.	Andreas Illiger	Germany
country of citizenship	Rexley Tarivuti (born 1 December 1985, Vanuatu) is a Vanuatuan international footballer who plays for Vanuatu national football team as a defender as well as Vanuatan club Spirit 08 FC at club level.	Rexley Tarivuti	Vanuatu
country of citizenship	Astrix was born in USSR, to a Mountain Jewish family in the Caucasus and grew up in Tel Aviv, Israel.	Astrix	Israel
country of citizenship	Kristian Kreković (1901--1985) was a Bosnian Croat painter of portraits and ethnographic art. Later in life he became known for his fascination with Incan art, and spent a number of years living in Peru.	Kristian Kreković	Peru
country of citizenship	Hasan Cihat Örter (self given nickname Ustad) (born October 24, 1958 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish composer, guitarist and arranger.About 2 years old met with the piano and violin music began.	Hasan Cihat Örter	Turkey
country of citizenship	Rebecca Addelman (born 1981) is from Ottowa, Canada.	Rebecca Addelman	Canada
country of citizenship	Iacob Lahovary (Romanian: Iacob N. Lahovari; January 16, 1846 -- February 7, 1907) was a member of the Romanian aristocracy, a general, politician and diplomat who served as the Minister of War and Minister of Foreign Affairs of Kingdom of Romania.	Iacob Lahovary	Romania
country of citizenship	In the 1950s, Lê Dũng Tráng came to France, where he attended the Lycée Louis-le-Grand.	Lê Dũng Tráng	France
country of citizenship	Lee Norfolk (born 17 October 1975 in Dunedin) is a New Zealand football (soccer) player who represented his country at junior level, scoring one goal in a 3-0 win over Fiji in Napier in 1991.	Lee Norfolk	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Major-General Abdul One Mohammed was military governor of Borno State, Nigeria, and later was leader of the ECOMOG peacekeeping force in Liberia and Sierra Leone.	Abdul One Mohammed	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Prince Rasaq Adekunle Quadri is a Nigerian accountant who was President of the Chartered Institute of Taxation of Nigeria (CITN) from 2009 to 2011, and was elected the first President of the West African Union of Tax Institutes (WAUTI) in March 2011.	Rasaq Adekunle Quadri	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Jamie Bestwick is a BMX rider from Nottingham, United Kingdom.	Jamie Bestwick	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Ever Meulen (born Eddy Vermeulen on 12 February 1946 in Kuurne, Belgium ) is a Belgian illustrator, cartoonist, caricaturist and comic strip artist.	Ever Meulen	Belgium
country of citizenship	Andrée Brunin, une voix de la Flandre Française in Annales du Comité Flamand de France, 2000 Brunel-Lobrichon, Geneviève (Dr) (University of Paris-Sorbonne) :	Andrée Brunin	France
country of citizenship	Radoslav Yankov (born January 1, 1990 in Smolyan, Bulgaria) is a snowboarder from Bulgaria.	Radoslav Yankov	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Marinus van Dam was born in Ooltgensplaat, a township in Oostflakkee, Netherlands.	Marinus van Dam	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Jaime Sáenz Guzmán was born on 29 October 1921 in La Paz, Bolivia to Lieutenant Genaro Sáenz Rivero and Graciela Guzmán Lazarte.	Jaime Sáenz	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Rafael Guas Inclán (1896--October 12, 1975) was a Cuban politician and former Vice President of Cuba.	Rafael Guas Inclán	Cuba
country of citizenship	Éamon Zayed (Arabic: أیمن زايد‎; born 4 October 1983) is an Irish-born Libyan footballer who currently plays for Indy Eleven in the North American Soccer League and the Libya national football team.	Éamon Zayed	Libya
country of citizenship	Zakaria Amara is one of 17 people detained on June 2 and June 3, 2006, in the Toronto, Ontario, Canada, in the 2006 Toronto terrorism arrests.	Zakaria Amara	Canada
country of citizenship	Kitabayama Hidetoshi (17 May 1935 -- 20 July 2010) was a former sumo wrestler and coach from Muroran, Hokkaidō, Japan.	Kitabayama Hidetoshi	Japan
country of citizenship	Peter Nahlin (born May 1, 1968 in Eskilstuna, Sweden) is a former Motorcycle speedway rider who became the 1988 World Under-21 Champion.	Peter Nahlin	Sweden
country of citizenship	Eilardus Westerlo (October 30, 1738, Kantens, Netherlands -- December 26, 1790, Albany, New York) was a Dutch Reformed minister who worked in the United States.	Eilardus Westerlo	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Lucky Diamond Rich, or just Lucky Rich (born Gregory Paul McLaren in 1971), is a New Zealand man who is ``the world's most tattooed person'', a title formerly held by Tom Leppard.	Lucky Diamond Rich	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Bert Schroer (born November 10, 1933 in Gelsenkirchen, Germany) is a German mathematical physicist, currently a visiting professor in Rio de Janeiro and an emeritius professor in Berlin, who is known for his work on algebraic quantum field theory, braid groups, infraparticles, and other issues related to quantum field theory.	Bert Schroer	Germany
country of citizenship	Imed Trabelsi (born August 26, 1974 in Tunis) is a businessman, politician, and favorite nephew of Leïla Ben Ali, the former First Lady of Tunisia, Trabelsi was formerly the mayor of La Goulette, Tunisia.	Imed Trabelsi	Tunisia
country of citizenship	Michael Peter Olsen (born June 28, 1974) is a Canadian multi-instrumentalist, producer, engineer, composer and arranger currently living in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Michael Peter Olsen	Canada
country of citizenship	Brigadier Elly Kayanja, is a Ugandan military officer in the Uganda People's Defence Forces (UPDF).	Elly Kayanja	Uganda
country of citizenship	Avraam Russo (Russian: Авраам Руссо; born as Apraham Ipjian on July 21, 1969 in Aleppo, Syria) is a Syrian-born Russian pop singer of Armenian origin.	Avraam Russo	Syria
country of citizenship	Kevin Antonio Joel Gislain Mirallas y Castillo (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈkeβin miˈɾaʎas); born 5 October 1987) more commonly known as Kevin Mirallas is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Everton and the Belgium national team.	Kevin Mirallas	Belgium
country of citizenship	Karen Agustiawan (born October 19, 1958) was the president director and CEO of Indonesia's state oil and gas company Pertamina between 2009 and 2014.	Karen Agustiawan	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Born and raised in St. Gallen, Canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland to Walter Stierli, Ines Torelli worked as a domestic helper in 1948/50, the so-called Welschlandjahr which at that time usually teenage women absolved in western Switzerland (Welschland) to improve the knowledge of the French language.	Ines Torelli	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Hyeokgeose of Silla (69 BC - 4 AD, r. 57 BC--4 AD), also known by his personal full name as Bak (Park, Pak) Hyeokgeose, was the founding monarch of Silla, one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea.	Hyeokgeose of Silla	Korea
country of citizenship	Beejan Land (born 14 February 1989 in Paddington, New South Wales, Australia) is an Australian actor and award-winning playwright.	Beejan Land	Australia
country of citizenship	Charles Robberts Swart (5 December 1894 -- 16 July 1982) was a South African politician who served as the last Governor-General of Union of South Africa from 1960 to 1961 and the first State President of the Republic of South Africa from 1961 to 1967.	Charles Robberts Swart	South Africa
country of citizenship	Dave Puzak (born 7 December 1982 in Sarnia, Ontario, Canada) is a singer, songwriter, producer, and musician.	Dave Puzak	Canada
country of citizenship	Farzad Farzin (Persian: فرزاد فرزین‎‎) (born 24 June 1981 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian singer, song writer, arranger, and actor.	Farzad Farzin	Iran
country of citizenship	Silvia Priscila Perales Elizondo (born February 24, 1983 in Monterrey, Nuevo León) is a Mexican actress, model and beauty queen who won the Miss International 2007 and also she represented Mexico at Miss Universe 2006 and placed Top 10.	Priscila Perales	Mexico
country of citizenship	Noppadon Pattama (born April 23, 1961), Thai politician, became Foreign Minister of Thailand on 6 February 2008, in the Cabinet of Prime Minister Samak Sundaravej.	Noppadon Pattama	Thailand
country of citizenship	George Henry Andrews (1926 -- September 3, 1997), former Liberian sports journalist and later minister of Tourism and Cultural Affairs of Liberia.	George Henry Andrews	Liberia
country of citizenship	Katarzyna Kłys (née Piłocik, 23 April 1986 in Bielsko-Biała, Poland) is a Polish judoka.	Katarzyna Kłys	Poland
country of citizenship	Cristiano Gomes Machado (born February 20, 1985 in Santana do Livramento, Brazil) is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for Cerrito of the Primera Division Uruguaya.	Cristiano Gomes	Brazil
country of citizenship	Bina Mistry is a popular Hindi /Gujarati singer based in United Kingdom Mistry was born in Tanzania, of Indian parents.	Bina Mistry	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Sergei Leiferkus (born April 4, 1946) is an operatic baritone from Russia, known for his dramatic technique and powerful voice particularly in Russian and Italian language repertoire.	Sergei Leiferkus	Russia
country of citizenship	Petri Kuljuntausta is a composer, musician, sound artist and author of three books on electronic music and sound art. Since 1990's he has belonged to a new generation of composers in Finland interested in experimental and electronic music.	Petri Kuljuntausta	Finland
country of citizenship	Lucien Revolucien, also known as Lucien M'B and Papalu, is a French hip-hop artist who was influential in the hip-hop movement in France in the 1990s.	Lucien Revolucien	France
country of citizenship	Pedro Duhart, also known as Pierre (5 April 1909 -- 30 November 1955) was a footballer who played international football for both Uruguay and France.	Pedro Duhart	France
country of citizenship	Katharine Brown (born 7 April 1987) is a Scottish model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Scotland 2009 and Miss United Kingdom 2010.	Katharine Brown	Scotland
country of citizenship	Karim Ghellab (Arabic: كريم غلاب‎ -- born 14 December 1966, Casablanca, Morocco) is a Moroccan politician and current president of the Assembly of Representatives of Morocco.	Karim Ghellab	Morocco
country of citizenship	Li Hongzhi began his public teachings of Falun Gong on 13 May 1992 in Changchun, and subsequently gave lectures and taught Falun Gong exercises across China.	Li Hongzhi	China
country of citizenship	Andrea Verešová (born 28 June 1980) is a Slovak model and beauty queen, winner of Miss Slovakia 1999.	Andrea Verešová	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Franz Zorn (born August 30, 1970 in Saalfelden, Austria) is an Austrian ice speedway rider who was won Individual Ice Racing European Championship in 2008.	Franz Zorn	Austria
country of citizenship	John Ruskin (born July 5, 1968), better known as Nardwuar the Human Serviette, is a Canadian celebrity interviewer and musician from Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Nardwuar the Human Serviette	Canada
country of citizenship	Chiang Chien-ming, (traditional Chinese: 姜建銘; simplified Chinese: 姜建铭; pinyin: Jiáng Jiànmíng; Wade--Giles: Chiang1 Chien4 Ming2; born May 27, 1985 in Taiwan), is a starting pitcher for the Yomiuri Giants of Nippon Professional Baseball.	Chiang Chien-ming	Taiwan
country of citizenship	Since Ukraine gained independence, Kostyantyn Gryshchenko has served in a succession of senior positions with responsibilities ranging from arms control and regional security to education and public health.	Kostyantyn Gryshchenko	Ukraine
country of citizenship	In 1980 Svetlana Nemolyaeva was awarded the prestigious title of the People's Artist of Russia.	Svetlana Nemolyaeva	Russia
country of citizenship	Ninjaman is currently out on bail awaiting trial for a murder that was committed in Kingston, Jamaica.	Ninjaman	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Dominic Killalea is a New Zealand musician who was a Sydney-based indie rock singer-songwriter and guitarist who played in different bands during the 1980s and 1990s including The Upbeat, The Go and Zoo Story.	Dominic Killalea	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Monica Hansen is a Norwegian model and the 1997 Miss Norway.	Monica Hansen	Norway
country of citizenship	Margaret Thom was the Deputy Commissioner of the Northwest Territories Canada from June 2, 2005 until October 2011.	Margaret Thom	Canada
country of citizenship	Ramesh Shotham (born May 7, 1948 in Madras, South India) is a percussionist and drummer.	Ramesh Shotham	India
country of citizenship	Alexander Lipsky was an influential teacher as well as composer and arranger born in Warsaw, Poland in 1900.	Alexander Lipsky	Poland
country of citizenship	Maria José a Santo Tomas (15 January 1747 - 18 July 1801) was a Portuguese clergyman, who was Prelate of Mozambico, Mozambique from 18 July 1783 and Titular Bishop of Pentacomia from 28 October 1785.	Maria José a Santo Tomas	Mozambique
country of citizenship	Semi Joseph Begun (born in Germany in 1905, died 1995), usually referred to as S. Joseph Begun, was a German-American engineer and inventor.	Semi Joseph Begun	Germany
country of citizenship	Eugenia Popa (born September 10, 1973 in Bucharest, Romania) is a retired Romanian artistic gymnast.	Eugenia Popa	Romania
country of citizenship	Christian Montcouquiol (``Nimeño II'') (born in Speyer, Germany, March 10, 1954, died in Caveirac, France, November 25, 1991) was a French matador.	Nimeño II	France
country of citizenship	Ainsley Iggo (2 August 1924 -- 25 March 2012) was a New Zealand born neurophysiologist.	Ainsley Iggo	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Colin McLay (born 1942) is a retired New Zealand marine biologist.	Colin McLay	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Konrad Kaspersen (born 1 March 1948 in Tromsø, Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz musician (upright bass).	Konrad Kaspersen	Norway
country of citizenship	Huang Shih-hsu (born 30 November 1975 in Pingtung, Taiwan, old name: Huang Shih-chun) is a Taiwanese weightlifter representing Chinese Taipei.	Huang Shih-hsu	Taiwan
country of citizenship	Ella Nicholas (born December 15, 1990 in Tauranga, New Zealand) is a Cook Islands slalom canoer.	Ella Nicholas	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Rogelio Barriga Rivas (March 15, 1912 -- January 9, 1961 in Mexico City), was a Mexican author born in Tlacolula, Oaxaca.	Rogelio Barriga Rivas	Mexico
country of citizenship	Paulo Bénard Guedes (Lisbon, 5 October 1892 -- Benguela, 11 September 1960) was the 127th Governor-General of Portuguese India.	Paulo Bénard Guedes	India
country of citizenship	Hossein Yari (also Hosein Yari, Persian: حسین یاری‎‎) was born in 1968 in Tehran, Iran.	Hossein Yari	Iran
country of citizenship	Tété-Michel Kpomassie is an explorer and writer from Togo, and the author of An African in Greenland.	Tété-Michel Kpomassie	Togo
country of citizenship	Omar Fierro (October 10, 1963) is a Mexican television actor and host who has appeared in many soap operas in and outside Mexico, movies and television shows such as Cada Mañana, A Ganar con Omar and the Mexican version of Jeopardy!.	Omar Fierro	Mexico
country of citizenship	Katerine Avgoustakis (Greek: Κατερίνα Αυγουστάκη) (16 September 1983) is a Greek-Belgian solo singer of Greek origin and winner of the 2005 Star Academy show in Belgium.	Katerine Avgoustakis	Belgium
country of citizenship	Colonel Tanko Zubairu was the Military Administrator of Imo State, Nigeria from August 1996 until May 1999, when he handed over to the elected civilian governor Achike Udenwa.	Tanko Zubairu	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Chelsea Forkin (born 14 July 1989 in Perth, Western Australia) is an Australian baseball and softball player.	Chelsea Forkin	Australia
country of citizenship	Hideyuki Ohashi (大橋 秀行, born March 8, 1965, in Yokohama, Japan) is a former professional boxer and two-time minimumweight world champion.	Hideyuki Ohashi	Japan
country of citizenship	Blessing Okardi (born 5 November 1988) is a football player from Nigeria, who plays currently for Bayelsa United F.C..	Blessing Okardi	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Ram Madhvani is an Indian film director from Mumbai best known for directing several award-winning commercials in India.	Ram Madhvani	India
country of citizenship	Oluf Rygh is recognized as one of the founders of professional archaeology in Norway.	Oluf Rygh	Norway
country of citizenship	Tiffany Kruger (born July 18, 1987 in Durban) is a South Africa sprint canoeist.	Tiffany Kruger	South Africa
country of citizenship	Ijaz Saeed was a Pakistani cricketer who played for Pakistan Air Force.	Ijaz Saeed	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Nils Otto Tank was born near Halden, in Østfold county, Norway.	Nils Otto Tank	Norway
country of citizenship	Rahul Mehrotra is principal of architecture firm RMA Architects (founded in 1990 as Rahul Mehrotra Associates) of Mumbai, India and is Professor of Urban Design and Planning and Chair of the Department of Urban Planning and Design at the Harvard Graduate School of Design (GSD) in Cambridge, Mass., USA.	Rahul Mehrotra	India
country of citizenship	Colin Webster (17 July 1932 -- 1 March 2001) was a Welsh footballer and Wales international.	Colin Webster	Wales
country of citizenship	Shalini Singh, popularly called as Pop Shalini, is a singer from Tamil Nadu, India.	Pop Shalini	India
country of citizenship	Julio Mannino is a Mexican actor, born in Toluca, Mexico.	Julio Mannino	Mexico
country of citizenship	Wanderléa Charlup Boere Salim (born June 5, 1946 in Governador Valadares, Brazil) is a Brazilian singer, and former co-host of the historic TV show Jovem Guarda alongside Roberto Carlos and Erasmo Carlos.	Wanderléa	Brazil
country of citizenship	Anne Krafft is an artist born 3 April 1957 in Oslo, Norway, producing oil and acrylic paintings, graphic arts, drawings, ceramics, glass and digital photography.	Anne Krafft	Norway
country of citizenship	Ronaldo played for Brazil in 98 matches, scoring 62 goals, and is the second highest goalscorer for his national team.	Ronaldo	Brazil
country of citizenship	Isaac Larian (Persian: اسحاق لاریان‎‎, born March 28, 1954 in Kashan, Iran) is the Chief Executive Officer of MGA Entertainment, the biggest privately owned toy company in the world.	Isaac Larian	Iran
country of citizenship	Djamolidine Abdoujaparov (English: Jamoliddin Abdujaparov, Жамолиддин Абдужапаров; Russian: Джамолиди́н Абдужапа́ров) (born 28 February 1964 in Tashkent) is a former professional road racing cyclist from Uzbekistan.	Djamolidine Abdoujaparov	Uzbekistan
country of citizenship	William Sanderson La Trobe (15 October 1870--27 September 1943) was a New Zealand school principal and educational administrator.	William Sanderson La Trobe	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Maik Petzold (born January 16, 1978) is an athlete from Germany who competes in triathlons.	Maik Petzold	Germany
country of citizenship	Alain Bondue (born 8 April 1959 in Roubaix, France) is a former racing cyclist from France.	Alain Bondue	France
country of citizenship	Kalamandalam Padmanabhan Nair (1927--2007) was an eminent Kathakali exponent, equally known for his capacities as a tutor, theoretician and author of a few authentic texts on the classical dance-drama from Kerala in south India.	Padmanabhan Nair	India
country of citizenship	Giorgio Baldizzone (born 27 May 1946 in Asti, Piedmont, Italy) is an Italian entomologist who specialises in the study of Microlepidoptera.	Giorgio Baldizzone	Italy
country of citizenship	Jessie Marguerite Williamson (1855--1937) was a notable New Zealand feminist and welfare worker.	Jessie Marguerite Williamson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Piotr Wilczek graduated from the University of Silesia in Katowice, Poland (1986) where he received his Ph.D. (1992) and Habilitation degrees (2001).	Piotr Wilczek	Poland
country of citizenship	Mats Scheidegger (born 1963 in Baden, Switzerland) is a classical guitarist.	Mats Scheidegger	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Rajaraja Narendra (Telugu: రాజరాజ నరేంద్రుడు) (1019--1061 CE) was the Eastern Chalukya king of the Vengi kingdom in South India.	Rajaraja Narendra	India
country of citizenship	Umberto Panerai (born March 13, 1953) is a retired water polo player from Italy, who competed in two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1976.	Umberto Panerai	Italy
country of citizenship	Marina van der Merwe is a former field hockey coach, who was born in Cape Town, South Africa.	Marina van der Merwe	South Africa
country of citizenship	Albert Muis (22 October 1914 in Baarn - 24 September 1988) is an artist from the Netherlands.	Albert Muis	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Kathryn Cholette is a Canadian left-green, who served as leader of the Green Party of Canada from 1988 to 1990.	Kathryn Cholette	Canada
country of citizenship	Margaret Irene Mimsy Møller (born November 2, 1955 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian press photographer, living in Oslo.	Mimsy Møller	Norway
country of citizenship	Mounir Troudi (منير الطرودي) (b. 1960) is a jazz and Sufi music singer from Tunisia.	Mounir Troudi	Tunisia
country of citizenship	Johannes Munnicks or Jean Munniks, Munnix, Munnicx, Munnigk, Munick, Jan Munnickius (16 October 1652 -- 10 June 1711) was a Dutch Golden Age medical doctor and writer from the Northern Netherlands.	Johannes Munnicks	Netherlands
country of citizenship	John Oni Akerele (died 1983) was a Nigerian doctor, Nigeria's first indigenous surgeon.	Oni Akerele	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Alain Robbe-Grillet was born in Brest (Finistère, France) to a family of engineers and scientists.	Alain Robbe-Grillet	France
country of citizenship	Frank Siebeck (born 17 August 1949 in Schkeuditz) is a retired hurdler who represented East Germany.	Frank Siebeck	East Germany
country of citizenship	Peretz Smolenskin was born in Monastyrshchina, Mogilev Governorate, Russian Empire (in present-day Smolensk Oblast, Russia).	Peretz Smolenskin	Russia
country of citizenship	Jeremy Monteiro (born 20 June 1960, Singapore) is a jazz pianist, singer, composer and music educator.	Jeremy Monteiro	Singapore
country of citizenship	Nazenin Ansari (Persian: نازنین انصاری) is an Iranian journalist, managing editor of Kayhan London (Persian: (کیهان_لندن)), a weekly Persian-language newspaper critical of the current government of Iran (not to be confused with the official Iranian newspaper Kayhan).	Nazenin Ansari	Iran
country of citizenship	Sizzla Kalonji, or simply Sizzla (born Miguel Orlando Collins, 17 April 1976, Kingston, Jamaica) is a reggae musician.	Sizzla	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Håkon Grjotgardsson (Old Norse: Hákon Grjótgarðsson) ( ca 860-870 - ca. 900-920) was the Earl of Lade and an ally of Harald Fairhair, King of Norway.	Håkon Grjotgardsson	Norway
country of citizenship	Leif Welding-Olsen (15 August 1895 -- 8 April 1940) was the commander of the Royal Norwegian Navy patrol boat HNoMS Pol III. He was the first Norwegian to be killed during the German invasion of Norway.	Leif Welding-Olsen	Norway
country of citizenship	He also collaborated with Sylvester Levay on numerous music industry albums and songs, in Germany where Ambros Seelos is well known.	Ambros Seelos	Germany
country of citizenship	Jean-Pierre Vande Velde (born 10 September 1955 in Belgium) is a former Belgian footballer, currently managing Temse in the Belgian Third Division after being fired from Union SG.	Jean-Pierre Vande Velde	Belgium
country of citizenship	William Charles Braxton Sinclair RE FRIBA (who styled himself W Braxton Sinclair) was a British architect who worked in the 19th and 20th centuries in the United Kingdom and in Burma, where he was a captain in the Royal Engineers.	W Braxton Sinclair	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Seyed Mojtaba Vahedi is an influential Iranian reformist politician, opposition movement activist in Iran, democracy activist, journalist, and senior advisor to opposition cleric Mehdi Karroubi.	Mojtaba Vahedi	Iran
country of citizenship	Gehendra Bahadur Rajbhandari (Nepali: गेहेन्द्र बहादुर राजभण्डारी) (born 1923) was the most senior Minister (working with responsibility of the Prime Minister) in Nepal between 1970 and 1971.	Gehendra Bahadur Rajbhandari	Nepal
country of citizenship	Eduardo Urbano Merino is a Mexican painter, mural artist and sculptor based in Mexico City.	Eduardo Urbano Merino	Mexico
country of citizenship	Yao Qisheng (simplified Chinese: 姚启圣; traditional Chinese: 姚啟聖; pinyin: Yáo Qǐshèng; 1624--1683), courtesy name Xizhi (Chinese: 熙止; pinyin: Xīzhǐ), was a prominent general and regional official under the reign of the Kangxi Emperor in Qing Dynasty China.	Yao Qisheng	China
country of citizenship	Csaba Ferenc Asztalos (born February 17, 1974 in Baia Mare) is a Romanian politician of Hungarian ethnicity, ex-member of the Democratic Union of Hungarians in Romania.	Csaba Ferenc Asztalos	Romania
country of citizenship	Pedro Carlos Soto de la Colina (23 October 1934, Cañete Province, Peru -- 19 July 2004, Lima, Peru), popularly known as Caitro Soto, was an Afro-Peruvian musician and composer.	Caitro Soto	Peru
country of citizenship	Oba Eshugbayi Eleko (?--1932) AKA ``Eleko of Eko'' was one of the most significant monarchs in 20th century Nigeria.	Eshugbayi Eleko	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Mary Collinson (born July 22, 1952 in Malta) is a model and actress.	Mary Collinson	Malta
country of citizenship	Monique Lhuillier (born September 15, 1971, Cebu City, Philippines) is a fashion designer most prominently known for bridal wear.	Monique Lhuillier	Philippines
country of citizenship	Nisthar Cassim is a Senior Journalist and the Editor of the Daily FT in Sri Lanka, a national English-language daily newspaper focusing business, finance and economic issues.	Nisthar Cassim	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Sherrie Veronica Krenn (born 28 August 1970, in Sydney, Australia), known professionally as Sherrié Austin, is an Australian actress and singer.	Sherrié Austin	Australia
country of citizenship	Alice Teghil (born 23 January 1989 in Rome, Italy) is an Italian film actress.	Alice Teghil	Italy
country of citizenship	Sergey Ivanovich Kislyak (Russian: Серге́й Иванович Кисляк) (born 7 September 1950) is a Russian diplomat who has served as Russia's Ambassador to the United States since 2008.	Sergey Ivanovich Kislyak	Russia
country of citizenship	Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz (Polish pronunciation: (kaˈʑimʲɛʂ mart͡ɕiŋˈkʲɛvit͡ʂ)) (born December 20, 1959) is a Polish conservative politician who served as Prime Minister of Poland from October 31, 2005 to July 14, 2006.	Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz	Poland
country of citizenship	In 1561, Fan Qin founded Tianyi Chamber in Ningbo city, which is now the oldest existing library in China.	Fan Qin	China
country of citizenship	Fernando Echavarri Erasun (born August 13, 1972 in Santander, Spain) is a professional yachtsman in the Olympic Tornado Class.	Fernando Echavarri	Spain
country of citizenship	Moon Sung-kil (born July 20, 1963 in Yeongam, Jeollanam-do, South Korea) is a former two-division world champion boxer from South Korea.	Moon Sung-kil	South Korea
country of citizenship	Juan Pablo Villar Alemán (born June 22, 1949 in Cárdenas, Matanzas Province, Cuba) is a Cuban artist specializing in drawing, painting, engraving and graphic design.	Juan Pablo Villar Alemán	Cuba
country of citizenship	Bharat Khawas (Nepali: भरत खवास) (born 22 July 1991 or 16 April 1992 in Kathmandu, Nepal) is Nepali footballer.	Bharat Khawas	Nepal
country of citizenship	Lech Mackiewicz (born 1960 in Skierniewice, Poland) is a Polish actor, director, playwright; graduate of the National Academy of Theatrical Arts (PWST) in Cracow (Poland 1983), and UTS (University of Technology Sydney 1987).	Lech Mackiewicz	Poland
country of citizenship	Dr. Max Kramer (8 September 1903, Cologne, Germany - June 1986, Pacific Palisades, California) was a German scientist who worked for the Ruhrstahl AG steel and armaments corporation.	Max Kramer	Germany
country of citizenship	Trần Văn Cung (Nghi Lộc, 1906--Hanoi, 1977) was a Vietnamese revolutionary, who was the secretary of the first communist cell in Vietnam.	Trần Văn Cung	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Professor B. B. Bhattacharya (Bengali: ব. ব. ভট্টাচার্য) (born 1945) is an eminent economist and educationist from India.	B. B. Bhattacharya	India
country of citizenship	Kevin Tsai (Chinese: 蔡康永; pinyin: Cài Kāngyǒng) is a writer and television host in Taiwan.	Kevin Tsai	Taiwan
country of citizenship	Born in Montreal to a monied family, John Glassco (Buffy to his friends) was educated at Selwyn House School, Bishop's College School, Lower Canada College, and finally McGill University.	John Glassco	Canada
country of citizenship	Mousa Namjoo (Persian: موسی نامجو‎) (1938- 29 September 1981) was an Iranian military officer who served as the minister of defense and armed forces logistics in the interim government of Iran.	Mousa Namjoo	Iran
country of citizenship	Karl Peglau (May 18, 1927 -- November 29, 2009) was a German traffic psychologist who invented the iconic Ampelmännchen traffic symbols used in the former East Germany in 1961.	Karl Peglau	Germany
country of citizenship	Károly Pap was born in Sopron (then located in Austria-Hungary, and currently located in Hungary) in late 1897.	Károly Pap	Hungary
country of citizenship	Damodar Chaudhary (Nepali: दामोदर चौधरी) (d. April 29, 2010, Kathmandu) was a Nepalese politician from Dang Deukhuri District belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Marxist-Leninist).	Damodar Chaudhary	Nepal
country of citizenship	Mercedes Gallego was born in Sabadell (Barcelona) and raised in Jerez de la Frontera (Cádiz), Spain.	Mercedes Gallego	Spain
country of citizenship	Thomas Brydone (14 April 1837--17 June 1904) was a New Zealand land-company manager, farm manager and freezing-industry developer.	Thomas Brydone	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Christian Holm-Glad has directed and produced numerous music videos for artists including Calvin Harris, Madcon, Kano, Serena Maneesh, Kaada, Number Seven Deli, Cloroform, Thirstin Howl III, Launderettes and more and has had number one hits in the UK and in Norway.	Christian Holm-Glad	Norway
country of citizenship	J. J. Barrie (born Barry Authors, July 7, 1933, Oshawa, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian songwriter and singer.	J. J. Barrie	Canada
country of citizenship	John Hardgrave was born in Ardee, County Louth, Ireland on 14 April 1826, the son of William Hardgrave (a cordwainer and cobbler) and Elizabeth Smith.	John Hardgrave	Ireland
country of citizenship	Edit Bérces (born May 16, 1964 in Zalaegerszeg, Hungary) is an ultramarathon runner, world record holder, former world and European champion.	Edit Bérces	Hungary
country of citizenship	Ashraf Aman (Urdu: اشرف امان ‎, born January 15, 1938) is a Mountaineer, Adventurer, and an Engineer from Pakistan.	Ashraf Aman	Pakistan
country of citizenship	José Eduardo Gauggel Rivas (died 10 April 2015) was a Honduran lawyer and politician who served as a justice of the member of the Supreme Court of Honduras from 1994 to 1998.	Eduardo Gauggel Rivas	Honduras
country of citizenship	Nikken Abe (阿部日顕, Abe Nikken; December 19, 1922, in Sumida, Tokyo) was the 67th high priest of Nichiren Shōshū, a major school of Nichiren Buddhism, and chief priest of its head temple, Taiseki-ji, in Fujinomiya, Shizuoka, Japan.	Nikken Abe	Japan
country of citizenship	Norbert Klassen (born May 30, 1941 in Duisburg, Germany, died December 1, 2011 in Bern, Switzerland), was an actor, stage director, influential performance artist, educator and organizer of performance art festivals.	Norbert Klassen	Germany
country of citizenship	Vicente do Salvador born Vicente Rodrigues Palha, (Salvador, December 20, 1564 - c. 1635) was a Franciscan friar in the Portuguese colony of Brazil, the author of the first history of Brazil, often titled the ``father of Brazilian history''.	Vicente do Salvador	Brazil
country of citizenship	Jörg J. Kühn (born 1 July 1952, in Rennerod, Germany) is a German architect and professor.	Jörg J. Kühn	Germany
country of citizenship	Elizabeth Muthuka (born 1975) is runner form Kenya who concentrates on 400 metres.	Elizabeth Muthuka	Kenya
country of citizenship	Georgina Grenville (born 1 October 1975 in Durban, Natal, South Africa) is a South African fashion model.	Georgina Grenville	South Africa
country of citizenship	Imam-Quli Khan was the son of Allahverdi Khan (Undiladze), the celebrated Georgian general in the service of Iran's Safavid Dynasty.	Imam-Quli Khan	Iran
country of citizenship	Paweł Hlib (born February 20, 1986 in Poland) is a Polish motorcycle speedway rider who won Team Speedway Junior World Championship in 2006 and 2007.	Paweł Hlib	Poland
country of citizenship	Manish Malhotra is one of India's most successful fashion designers.	Manish Malhotra	India
country of citizenship	Simona Peycheva (Bulgarian: Симона Пейчева) (born May 14, 1985 in Sofia, Bulgaria) is an Individual Bulgarian Rhythmic Gymnast.	Simona Peycheva	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Miguel Luis Amunátegui (Santiago, Chile, January 11, 1828 -- January 22, 1888) was a Chilean historian, politician, and writer.	Miguel Luis Amunátegui	Chile
country of citizenship	Cécile Manorohanta is a Malagasy politician, currently serving in the government of Madagascar as Deputy Prime Minister for the Interior.	Cécile Manorohanta	Madagascar
country of citizenship	Jochem Hendricks (born c. 1959) is a contemporary artist from Frankfurt, Germany.	Jochem Hendricks	Germany
country of citizenship	Chan Rithy (born November 11, 1983 in Cambodia) is a Cambodian footballer who is currently playing for Cambodia Tiger in the Cambodian League.	Chan Rithy	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Born in Paris on 28 November 1964 to photographer and filmmaker John Cook and television director and producer Heather Cook, and nephew to artist Arnaud Maggs, Jesse Cook spent the first few years of his life moving between Paris, Southern France and Barcelona.	Jesse Cook	France
country of citizenship	Ralph Creed Meredith, M.A., (7 October 1887 -- 10 January 1970) was an Anglican Cleric who succeeded Edward Keble Talbot as Chaplain to His Majesty, King George VI and afterwards Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II. In New Zealand he was president of the New Zealand Badminton Association and the New Zealand Croquet Association.	Ralph Creed Meredith	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ragnhildur Steinunn Jónsdóttir (born 29 April 1981) is an Icelandic television personality, actress, and former Miss Iceland.	Ragnhildur Steinunn Jónsdóttir	Iceland
country of citizenship	Ursula Buchfellner (born 8 June 1961 in Munich, Germany) is a German model and actress.	Ursula Buchfellner	Germany
country of citizenship	Emily Siddell (born 1971) is a New Zealand mixed-media artist.	Emily Siddell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Paolo Barelli was born in Rome on the 7 June 1954, was an Olympic Swimmer for Italy, an entrepreneur and a politician for the Forza Italia party.	Paolo Barelli	Italy
country of citizenship	Remo Rossi (27 September 1909 -- 30 December 1982) was a renowned Swiss sculptor, living and operating in Locarno (Ticino, Switzerland).	Remo Rossi	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Colonel (retired) Abdulmumini Aminu (born 1949) was military governor of Borno State, Nigeria between August 1985 and December 1987 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida.	Abdulmumini Aminu	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Brian John Marples FRSNZ (31 March 1907 -- 1997) was a British zoologist who spent most of his career in New Zealand.	Brian John Marples	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Frank resettled in Argentina in 1995 and built the Magda Frank House Museum in the Saavedra barrio at Vedia 3546.	Magda Frank	Argentina
country of citizenship	Geoffrey Pleyers is a Professor of sociology at Université Catholique de Louvain, Belgium.	Geoffrey Pleyers	Belgium
country of citizenship	Joan Tipon (born April 9, 1982) is an amateur boxer from the Philippines who won gold at the 2006 Doha Asian Games in the Bantamweight (under 54 kg.) division.	Joan Tipon	Philippines
country of citizenship	Edir Macedo Bezerra (born February 18, 1945) is a Brazilian evangelical leader and media mogul; he is the owner and chairman of the second-largest television network in Brazil, Rede Record, since 1989 with its parent Central Record de Comunicação who also founded after he bought the network.	Edir Macedo	Brazil
country of citizenship	Pandit Ritwik Sanyal received the highest award for music in India, Sangeet Natak Akademi Award from President of India Hon. Shri Pranab Mukherji, 2013	Ritwik Sanyal	India
country of citizenship	Camila Merino Catalán is a civil engineer and former Minister of Labor and Social Welfare for Chile.	Camila Merino	Chile
country of citizenship	Vinay Kore (born October 4, 1971, Kolhapur, Maharashtra) is the leader of the Jan Surajya Shakti Party of Warananagar, Maharashtra, India.	Vinay Kore	India
country of citizenship	Paul Helminger (born 28 October 1940 in Esch-sur-Alzette) is a Luxembourg politician who was Mayor of Luxembourg City from 1999 to November 2011.	Paul Helminger	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Vincenzo Cantiello (born 25 August 2000) is an Italian singer who represented Italy at the 12th annual Junior Eurovision Song Contest in Malta with his song ``Tu primo grande amore'' (You, first great love) and won.	Vincenzo Cantiello	Italy
country of citizenship	Xuân Quỳnh (6 October 1942--29 August 1988) is Vietnam's most famous modern woman poet.	Xuân Quỳnh	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Jyotsna Srikanth was born in an Andhra musical family in Bangalore, India.	Jyotsna Srikanth	India
country of citizenship	Antonio Ricaurte (June 10, 1786 in Villa de Leyva, Colombia -- March 25, 1814 in San Mateo, Venezuela) was a patriot of the Independence of Colombia and Venezuela and captain of Bolívar's army.	Antonio Ricaurte	Colombia
country of citizenship	Juan María Atutxa Mendiola (Areatza, May 18, 1941) is a politician from the Basque Country (an autonomous community in Spain) with a nationalist ideology.	Juan María Atutxa Mendiola	Spain
country of citizenship	Chiaki Ohara, born in Osaka, Japan, received her first piano lessons at the age of four.	Chiaki Ohara	Japan
country of citizenship	Germain Caron (March 12, 1910 -- February 14, 1966) was a politician in Quebec, Canada and a six-term Member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec (MLA).	Germain Caron	Canada
country of citizenship	Mustapha Hadji (born 16 November 1971 in Ifrane Atlas-Saghir) is a retired Moroccan footballer and current assistant manager of Morocco national team.	Mustapha Hadji	Morocco
country of citizenship	Carlos Becker Westphall is a Full Professor, since 1993, at the Federal University of Santa Catarina, Brazil.	Carlos Becker Westphall	Brazil
country of citizenship	Before joining CN, Claude Mongeau was a partner with Groupe Secor, a Montreal-based management consulting firm providing strategic advice to large Canadian corporations such as Bombardier and Bell Canada.	Claude Mongeau	Canada
country of citizenship	Mary Katrantzou was born in Athens, Greece to an interior design mother and a father who trained in Textile Engineering.	Mary Katrantzou	Greece
country of citizenship	Sabbatai Zevi was born in Smyrna (İzmir in present-day Turkey) on (supposedly) Tisha B'Av or the 9th of Av, 1626, the holy day of mourning.	Sabbatai Zevi	Turkey
country of citizenship	Emperor Go-Komatsu (後小松天皇 Go-Komatsu-tennō) (August 1, 1377 -- December 1, 1433) was the 100th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.	Emperor Go-Komatsu	Japan
country of citizenship	Gilles Servat is a Breton singer, born in Tarbes in southern France in 1945, into a family whose roots lay in the Nantes region of Brittany.	Gilles Servat	France
country of citizenship	Birzhan Zhakypov (born July 7, 1984) is an amateur boxer from Kazakhstan, best known for winning the light flyweight bronze medal at the 2005 World Amateur Boxing Championships.	Birzhan Zhakypov	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	Mohammad bin Salman Al Saud (Arabic: محمد بن سلمان بن عبد العزيز آل سعود‎; born 31 August 1985 in Jeddah) is the deputy crown prince of Saudi Arabia, second deputy prime minister and the youngest minister of defense in the world.	Mohammad bin Salman Al Saud	Saudi Arabia
country of citizenship	Erhan Şentürk (born May 4, 1989 in Eminönü, Istanbul, Turkey), is a Turkish professional footballer who currently plays for Kocaeli Birlik Spor.	Erhan Şentürk	Turkey
country of citizenship	Francesco Colonnese was capped for Italy national under-21 football team between 1993 to 1994.	Francesco Colonnese	Italy
country of citizenship	In 1920, Lygia Clark was born in Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais Brazil.	Lygia Clark	Brazil
country of citizenship	Eduard Wald, known as Edu, was born in Kiel, Germany, where he attended school.	Eduard Wald	Germany
country of citizenship	Olivier Durocher (1844 -- September 3, 1931) was mayor of the city of Ottawa, Canada from 1892 to 1893.	Olivier Durocher	Canada
country of citizenship	Dany Bédar is a francophone Québécois singer from Val-d'Or in Abitibi-Témiscamingue, Quebec, Canada He moved to Montreal at age 19.	Dany Bédar	Canada
country of citizenship	Nuru Awadhi Bafadhili (born November 22, 1952), is a Member of Parliament in the National Assembly of Tanzania.	Nuru Awadhi Bafadhili	Tanzania
country of citizenship	Georg Klindworth, born Johann Georg Heinrich Klindworth on 16 April 1798 in Göttingen, Germany, was a nineteenth-century German diplomat and intelligence agent employed by several European leaders and princes.	Georg Klindworth	Germany
country of citizenship	Ion Constantin Ciobanu (November 6, 1927, Budăi -- 2001) was a writer and politician from Moldova.	Ion Constantin Ciobanu	Moldova
country of citizenship	Alejandra Bogue Gómez (Mexico City, 1965) is a transgender Mexican actress, comedian, television host, and producer.	Alejandra Bogue	Mexico
country of citizenship	Maria João (born Maria João Monteiro Grancha June 27, 1956, Lisbon, Portugal) is a Portuguese jazz singer.	Maria João	Portugal
country of citizenship	Joseph Adebowale Atanda (2 January 1932 -- 6 December 1996) was a Nigerian native of Eruwa, in Oyo State, Nigeria.	Joseph Adebowale Atanda	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Beau Walker (born 13 April 1985) is an Australian-born professional surfer who has represented Australia in national and international championships.	Beau Walker	Australia
country of citizenship	Mohammad Hasan Sharq (born 1925) was an Afghan politician during the communist regime of Afghanistan.	Mohammad Hasan Sharq	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Jacques van Meegeren was born 26 August 1912 in the little village of Rijswijk near The Hague, the Netherlands, four months after the marriage of his parents.	Jacques van Meegeren	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Juan Ramón Fleita (born May 23, 1972 in Santa Fe, Argentina) is a former Argentine footballer who played for clubs in Argentina, Chile, Mexico, Bolivia, Paraguay, Uruguay, Venezuela and Guatemala.	Juan Ramón Fleita	Argentina
country of citizenship	José Antonio Arbesú Fraga (born 21 June 1940 in Havana, Cuba) is a Cuban diplomat.	José Antonio Arbesú	Cuba
country of citizenship	Luiz Alberto Dias Menezes (5 October 1950 -- 9 July 2014) was a geologist, mineralogist and mineral dealer from Brazil.	Luiz Alberto Dias Menezes	Brazil
country of citizenship	Ramin Ott (born 22 June 1986) is a football player for the American Samoa national football team.	Ramin Ott	American Samoa
country of citizenship	Sheikh Mohammed Rashid Qabbani (Arabic: محمد رشيد قباني‎, born September 15, 1942) is the former Grand Mufti of Lebanon and the most prominent Sunni Muslim cleric in the country.	Mohammed Rashid Qabbani	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Yves Mekongo Mbala was selected to play for the Cameroon national basketball team at the AfroBasket 2009, he played significant minutes to average 6,4 points and 3,1 rebounds as Cameroon lost in the semifinals.	Yves Mekongo Mbala	Cameroon
country of citizenship	Beatriz Kimpa Vita was born near Mount Kibangu in the Kingdom of Kongo, now a part of modern Angola around 1684.	Kimpa Vita	Kingdom of Kongo
country of citizenship	Balwant Singh Sagwal (died 14 November 2010), popularly known as Ballu, was an Indian volleyball player, considered a star of the India men's national volleyball team.	Balwant Singh Sagwal	India
country of citizenship	Judy Small, is a judge of the Federal Circuit Court of Australia who was previously an Australian entertainer, folk singer, songwriter, and guitarist.	Judy Small	Australia
country of citizenship	Matthieu Charneau (born November 23, 1988, in France) is a French actor and model.	Matthieu Charneau	France
country of citizenship	Catherine of Bjurum, in her lifetime called Katarina Karlsdotter in Swedish, also Katarina Gumsehuvud (died 7 September 1450) was the Queen consort of Sweden from 1448 to 1450 and later the Queen consort of Norway from 1449 to 1450.	Catherine of Bjurum	Norway
country of citizenship	Georg Friedrich Kauffmann (14 February 1679 -- 24 March 1735) was a Baroque composer and organist from southern Germany who composed primarily sacred works for the organ and voice.	Georg Friedrich Kauffmann	Germany
country of citizenship	The third of five siblings born to Bernard and Marjorie (née Harvey) Coleridge, Mark Coleridge was educated at Saint Joseph's School, Tranmere, South Australia, Rostrevor College, Adelaide, and St Kevin's College, Toorak.	Mark Coleridge	Australia
country of citizenship	Taron Margaryan (Armenian: Տարոն Մարգարյան) is the current mayor of the city of Yerevan, the capital of Armenia.	Taron Margaryan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Salem was born El Hedi ben Salem m'Barek Mohammed Mustafa in a small village in Morocco, the child of a Berber family.	El Hedi ben Salem	Morocco
country of citizenship	Gilbert Anselme Girouard (October 26, 1846 -- January 13, 1885) was a general merchant and political figure in New Brunswick, Canada.	Gilbert Anselme Girouard	Canada
country of citizenship	Toshio Motoya (元谷外志雄, born 1943) is a Japanese essayist, publisher and real estate entrepreneur who is the president of APA Group, which includes APA Hotels & Resorts, one of Japan's largest hotel chains.	Toshio Motoya	Japan
country of citizenship	Paudge Connolly (born 23 September 1953) is an independent politician from County Monaghan in Ireland.	Paudge Connolly	Ireland
country of citizenship	Owen Mapp is a New Zealand carver who works primarily in bone.	Owen Mapp	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Guamá (died c. 1532) was a Taíno rebel chief who led a rebellion against Spanish rule in Cuba in the 1530s.	Guamá	Cuba
country of citizenship	David Ross McCord (18 March 1844 -- 12 April 1930) was a Canadian lawyer and philanthropic founder of the McCord Museum in Montreal, Canada.	David Ross McCord	Canada
country of citizenship	The three Le Nain brothers were painters in 17th-century France:	Le Nain	France
country of citizenship	Natthapon Suttiroj (Thai ณัฐพล สุทธิโรจน์), is a Thai futsal Midfielder, and currently a member of Thailand national futsal team.	Natthapon Suttiroj	Thailand
country of citizenship	Devi Lal Chaudhari (Nepali: देवीलाल चौधरी) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist).	Devi Lal Chaudhari	Nepal
country of citizenship	Claude Netter (23 October 1924, in Paris, France -- 13 June 2007) was a French foil fencer.	Claude Netter	France
country of citizenship	Joseph Bessala (January 1, 1941 -- April 25, 2010) was a welterweight boxer from Cameroon.	Joseph Bessala	Cameroon
country of citizenship	Born in Neugattersleben (Saxony-Anhalt, former East Germany), Waldemar Cierpinski was originally a successful steeplechase runner but decided to switch to the marathon in 1974.	Waldemar Cierpinski	East Germany
country of citizenship	Mike McRoberts (born 1966, in Dunedin), is a New Zealand television journalist who currently presents the 6pm bulletin on Newshub with Hilary Barry.	Mike McRoberts	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jorge Luis García Pérez (known as Antúnez, born 10 October 1964, Placetas, Cuba) is a human right and democracy activist in Cuba.	Jorge Luis García Pérez	Cuba
country of citizenship	Sir Arthur Noel Mobbs KCVO, OBE (1878 - 1959) was the founder of Slough Estates, one of the United Kingdom's largest property businesses.	Noel Mobbs	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Ganesh Lawati (Nepali: गणेश लावती) (born 1 June 1981) is a footballer from Nepal.	Ganesh Lawati	Nepal
country of citizenship	Gustav Kaufmann (born 23 August 1918) is a Liechtenstein former sports shooter.	Gustav Kaufmann	Liechtenstein
country of citizenship	Kanaklata Barua (Assamese: কনকলতা বৰুৱা) (December 22, 1924 - September 20, 1942) also called Birbala and Shaheed (martyr) Kanaklata Barua was an Indian freedom fighter from Assam who was shot dead while leading a procession bearing the National Flag during the Quit India Movement of 1942.	Kanaklata Barua	India
country of citizenship	Shun Medoruma 目取真俊 (born 1960) is, along with Ōshiro Tatsuhiro, Sakiyama Tami, and Matayoshi Eiki, one of the most important contemporary writers from Okinawa, Japan.	Shun Medoruma	Japan
country of citizenship	Bob Tostes is a singer, composer and producer of Rádio Guarani FM, Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, Brazil.	Bob Tostes	Brazil
country of citizenship	Raymond Riotte (born February 16, 1940 at Sarry, France) is a former French professional road bicycle racer.	Raymond Riotte	France
country of citizenship	Dor Daniel (in Hebrew דור דניאל ) born in Hod HaSharon, Israel on August 29, 1982 is an Israeli singer, songwriter and composer.	Dor Daniel	Israel
country of citizenship	Douglas Weiland (born 1954 Malvern, Worcestershire, United Kingdom) is a modern-classical composer.	Douglas Weiland	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Agustín Salvatierra (born December 7, 1970 in Santiago, Chile) is a former Chilean footballer currently played for Colo Colo, Palestino and Deportes Puerto Montt in Chile and Veracruz in Mexico.	Agustín Salvatierra	Chile
country of citizenship	With the Liberation of Bulgaria in 1878, Dimitar Agura arrived in the newly established Principality of Bulgaria and worked as a clerk at the Ministry of Interior (1879--1883).	Dimitar Agura	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Lieutenant General Mahmud Ahmed (Urdu: محمود احمد‎) (HI(M)), is a veteran intelligence officer and a retired three-star general in the Pakistan Army who served as a director general of Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), the principal intelligence body of Pakistan.	Mahmud Ahmed	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Ong Beng Teong (born 29 May 1962 in Kuala Lumpur, Selangor) is a former badminton player from Malaysia.	Ong Beng Teong	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Francesco Conconi (born April 19, 1935 in Como, Italy) is an Italian sports doctor and scientist, with disciples such as Michele Ferrari and Luigi Cecchini.	Francesco Conconi	Italy
country of citizenship	Dipak Karki is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (UML).	Dipak Karki	Nepal
country of citizenship	John Lomas (27 February 1848--16 November 1933) was a New Zealand coalminer, trade unionist and public servant.	John Lomas	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Kairat Kelimbetov served as a Governor of the National Bank of Kazakhstan from October 1st of 2013 till November 2nd of 2015.	Kairat Kelimbetov	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	Francisco Javier Arellano Félix (born 11 December 1969), the brother of Ramón Arellano Félix, is a former Mexican drug lord and leader of the Tijuana Cartel involved in drug-smuggling operations from Mexico to the United States.	Francisco Javier Arellano Félix	Mexico
country of citizenship	Nicola Gaston is Senior Lecturer in chemistry at Victoria University of Wellington and Principal Investigator at the MacDiarmid Institute, New Zealand.	Nicola Gaston	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Marja-Leena Mikkola (born 18 March 1939 in Salo, Southwest Finland) is a Finnish writer and recipient of the Eino Leino Prize in 1967.	Marja-Leena Mikkola	Finland
country of citizenship	Gregory Michael Aymond KCHS is Knight Commander and Grand Prior of the Southeastern Lieutenancy of the United States of America of the Order of the Holy Sepulchre.	Gregory Michael Aymond	United States of America
country of citizenship	Saadeddine Othmani is a Berber Moroccan politician and psychiatrist who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs of Morocco from 2012 to 2013.	Saadeddine Othmani	Morocco
country of citizenship	Zheng Baozhu is a Paralympian athlete from the People's Republic of China competing mainly in category F42/F46 throwing events.	Zheng Baozhu	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Thích Quảng Độ (born 27 November 1928) is a Vietnamese Buddhist monk and patriarch of the Unified Buddhist Sangha of Vietnam, a currently banned religious body in Vietnam.	Thích Quảng Độ	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Dominique Lang (1874--1919) is considered to be Luxembourg's most important Impressionist painter.	Dominique Lang	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Luigi Rocca (born in 1982 in Torino, Italy) is an Italian music producer and recording artist also known as Marshall.	Luigi Rocca	Italy
country of citizenship	Pál Csáky is a Slovak politician, member of Hungarian minority in Slovakia and the country's former Deputy Prime Minister for European affairs, human rights and minorities.	Pál Csáky	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Pietro Baldassare or Baldassari was a Baroque composer, possibly born in Rome or Brescia, Italy about 1683.	Pietro Baldassare	Italy
country of citizenship	Busi Mhlongo (28 October 1947 -- 15 June 2010 ), born as Victoria Busisiwe Mhlongo, was a virtuoso singer, dancer and composer originally from Inanda in Natal, South Africa.	Busi Mhlongo	South Africa
country of citizenship	Aram Ramazyan (Armenian: Արամ Ռամազյան, born December 6, 1978 in Yerevan, Armenian SSR) is a retired amateur boxer from Armenia.	Aram Ramazyan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Mustafa Topchubashov was born in Erivan (now Yerevan) to Agha bey and Fatma khanim Topchubashov, wealthy landowners of the Erivan Governorate (then the Russian Empire, now in Armenia).	Mustafa Topchubashov	Armenia
country of citizenship	Thomas Moore Philson (10 August 1817 -- 22 November 1899) was a New Zealand doctor and hospital superintendent.	Thomas Moore Philson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Thomas S. Baer (1843--1906) was an American jurist who served as a judge on the Supreme Bench of Baltimore City (now the Circuit Court of Maryland for Baltimore City) in the United States of America from 1903 until his death in 1906.	Thomas S. Baer	United States of America
country of citizenship	Martin Lojek (born August 19, 1985) is a 6'5`` defenseman from Brno of the Czech Republic, who formerly played in the National Hockey League.	Martin Lojek	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Maria Katzarava (born 1984) is an opera singer from Mexico who achieved international fame by winning first place at Canada's Operalia competition in the opera and zarzuela categories.	Maria Katzarava	Mexico
country of citizenship	Moaz El-Henawy (Arabic: معاذ الحناوي‎) (born 29 January 1990 Cairo, Egypt) is an Egyptian footballer.	Moaz El-Henawy	Egypt
country of citizenship	Bruce A. McIntosh (October 30, 1929 -- February 15, 2015) was a Canadian astrophysicist who worked at the Herzberg Institute of Astrophysics, National Research Council of Canada, Ottawa, Ontario.	Bruce A. McIntosh	Canada
country of citizenship	Louise Siversen (born 29 May 1958 in Melbourne, Australia) is an actress.	Louise Siversen	Australia
country of citizenship	Akie Yoshizawa (吉沢 秋絵, Yoshizawa Akie, born October 20, 1968, in Tokyo, Japan), true name Akie Hattori (服部 章江), is a former Japanese idol, singer and actress in the 1980s.	Akie Yoshizawa	Japan
country of citizenship	Rasmus Jonasson (born 28 August 1989, in Växjö) is a Junior tennis player from Sweden.	Rasmus Jonasson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Joe Manduwa (born 1960 in Chimbalanga Village under Traditional Authority Dambe in Neno, Central Region, Malawi) is a Malawian politician.	Joe Manduwa	Malawi
country of citizenship	Kenneth Colin Irving, OC (March 14, 1899 -- December 13, 1992) also known as K. C. Irving was one of Canada's foremost entrepreneurs of the 20th century and ranked as one of the world's leading industrialists.	K. C. Irving	Canada
country of citizenship	Yinka Adeyemi is a Yoruba artist from Osun State, Nigeria.	Yinka Adeyemi	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Dr. Cristian Popa is a Romanian archaeologist at the 1 Decembrie 1918 University, Alba Iulia, Romania.	Cristian Popa	Romania
country of citizenship	Floyd Britton (Colon, April 21, 1937 - Coiba Island, November 29, 1969), perhaps Panama's most important leftist leader of the twentieth century, came from an immigrant black family that had gone to Panama for jobs.	Floyd Britton	Panama
country of citizenship	Vyacheslav Artashin (born in Moscow) was a Russian rugby league player currently playing for Kazan Arrows in the Championship of Russia competition.	Vyacheslav Artashin	Russia
country of citizenship	A native of Ponta Grossa, the second-largest city in southern Brazil's state of Paraná, Milton do Ó has already played abroad, having fulfilled minor stints in early 2000s with France's Ligue 1 and Turkey's Turkcell Super League.	Milton do Ó	Brazil
country of citizenship	Jari Mäenpää (born 23 December 1977, in Finland) is a Finnish guitarist, keyboardist, bassist, songwriter and vocalist.	Jari Mäenpää	Finland
country of citizenship	Kawasi Lakhma is MLA from Chhattisgarh, India and was one of the survivors of 2013 Naxal attack in Darbha valley.	Kawasi Lakhma	India
country of citizenship	John Dahlbäck (born 13 October 1985) is a Swedish house music producer and DJ currently based in Stockholm, Sweden.	John Dahlbäck	Sweden
country of citizenship	Ulla Engeberg Killias (1945--1995) was a Swedish-born painter who lived in Switzerland for most of her adult life.	Ulla Engeberg Killias	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Balineni Srinivasa Reddy (born 12 December 1964, Ongole, Andhra Pradesh, India) is an Indian politician and MLA.	Balineni Srinivasa Reddy	India
country of citizenship	Helen Adams (born 30 May 1978 in Cwmbran, South Wales) is a Welsh television personality who rose to fame in the United Kingdom when she was chosen to be a contestant on the second series of the reality television show Big Brother, in 2001.	Helen Adams	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Laura Chiatti (born 15 July 1982, Castiglione del Lago, Italy) is an Italian actress and singer.	Laura Chiatti	Italy
country of citizenship	Dragutin Gostuški's principal field of work was comparative aesthetics, a discipline he established in Serbia.	Dragutin Gostuški	Serbia
country of citizenship	Janak Kumari Chalise (Nepali: जनक कुमारी चालिसे) is a Nepalese politician of Lalitpur district, a member of the Central Committee of Communist Party of Nepal (Marxist-Leninist) and the ANPWA.	Janak Kumari Chalise	Nepal
country of citizenship	Anthony Ellison (born 1966) is a New Zealand cartoonist and animator.	Anthony Ellison	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Emily Patricia Gibson (c.1864--24 April 1947) was a New Zealand proof-reader, feminist, socialist and internationalist.	Emily Patricia Gibson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Eduardo Rodríguez Veltzé (born March 2, 1956) is a former president of Bolivia; prior to that appointment he was the chief justice of the Supreme Court.	Eduardo Rodríguez	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Momolu Duwalu Bukele (sometimes known as Momolu Duala Bukare, or spelled as Mɔmɔlu Duwalu Bukɛlɛ) was the inventor of the Vai syllabary used for writing the Vai language of Liberia--one of several sub-Saharan African languages to develop its own writing system.	Momolu Duwalu Bukele	Liberia
country of citizenship	Francisco Songane is a medical doctor and former Minister of Health of Mozambique who served from 2000 to 2004.	Francisco Songane	Mozambique
country of citizenship	Grete von Zieritz was born in Vienna, Austria into a noble family, and grew up in Vienna, Innsbruck and Graz.	Grete von Zieritz	Austria
country of citizenship	Christian Kautz (born 23 November 1913 -- died on 4 July 1948) was an auto racing driver from Switzerland.	Christian Kautz	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Axel Meyer (born August 4, 1960) is an evolutionary biologist and a professor of zoology and evolutionary biology at the Universität Konstanz, Germany.	Axel Meyer	Germany
country of citizenship	Luís de Oliveira Gonçalves (born 22 June 1960 in Angola) is the former head coach of the Angola national football team.	Oliveira Gonçalves	Angola
country of citizenship	Nicolas Adames (29 December 1813 - 13 February 1887) was the first Bishop of Luxembourg.	Nicolas Adames	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Born in Skoki in 1924, Marian Przykucki was ordained a parish priest on 19 February 1950, aged 26, in Poznań, Poland.	Marian Przykucki	Poland
country of citizenship	Kellie McMillan Snowdon (born 29 December 1977 in Warrnambool, Victoria, Australia) is a former Australian backstroke swimmer.	Kellie McMillan	Australia
country of citizenship	Dr. Rubén Remigio Ferro (born 1960 in Pinar del Río) is the first Afro-Cuban President (Chief Justice) of the People's Supreme Court of Cuba.	Rubén Remigio Ferro	Cuba
country of citizenship	Vasanti Muzumdar (Devanagari: वासंती मुझुमदार) (1939--2003) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India.	Vasanti Muzumdar	India
country of citizenship	Ludovic-Mohamed Zahed is the founder of an inclusive mosque in France with the goal of accommodating the LGBT Muslim Communities.	Ludovic-Mohamed Zahed	France
country of citizenship	Philipp Bönig (born 20 March 1980 in Erding, Germany) is a German footballer who plays as a left back.	Philipp Bönig	Germany
country of citizenship	Pescozada is a hip-hop group formed in Chalatenango, El Salvador.	Pescozada	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Saleem Altaf played first-class cricket in Pakistan from 1963-64 to 1978-79.	Saleem Altaf	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Since his first exhibition in Paris, at the Galerie de France in 1981, Georges Rousse has continued creating his installations and showing his photographs around the world, in Europe, in Asia (Japan, Korea, China, Nepal), in the United States, in Quebec and in Latin America.	Georges Rousse	France
country of citizenship	A full-length biography on the composer, Joseph Bodin de Boismortier, by Stephan Perreau, was published in France in 2001.	Joseph Bodin de Boismortier	France
country of citizenship	Nathalie den Dekker (June 26, 1989) is a Dutch lawyer, model and beauty queen who was crowned Miss Universe Netherlands 2012 and represented her country at the Miss Universe 2012 pageant as well as other international pageants.	Nathalie den Dekker	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Charles Adnam Mountfort (9 February 1854--11 May 1941) was a notable New Zealand surveyor.	Charles Adnam Mountfort	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Anne d'Arpajon (Anne Claude Louise d'Arpajon; 4 March 1729 -- 27 June 1794) was a French aristocrat and first lady of honour to Queens of France, Marie Leszczyńska and Marie Antoinette.	Anne d'Arpajon	France
country of citizenship	Ken Kalmusky (18 November 1945 -- 19 October 2005) was a Canadian bassist born in Stratford, Ontario, Canada.	Ken Kalmusky	Canada
country of citizenship	Romina Belluscio (born 19 February 1979 in San Miguel de Tucuman, Argentina) is an Argentine TV presenter for Antena 3.	Romina Belluscio	Argentina
country of citizenship	Will Burtin was a graphic designer from Cologne, Germany, known for interrelating design and scientific concepts within his exhibits.	Will Burtin	Germany
country of citizenship	Bodhi Jones (born May 3, 1981) is a singer-songwriter from Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Bodhi Jones	Canada
country of citizenship	László Ernő Pintér, better known as Pater Ernõ L. Pintér was born on 6 March 1942 in Sopron, Hungary.	László Ernő Pintér	Hungary
country of citizenship	Mithu Alur (born 27 March 1943) usually referred to as Dr. Mithu Alur, is the founder chairperson of The Spastic Society of India - now rechristened ADAPT - Able Disable All People Together, educator, disability rights activist, researcher, writer and published author on issues concerning people with disability in India.	Mithu Alur	India
country of citizenship	Hans E. Wallman, in Sweden known as Hasse Wallman (pronounced hah-seh), né Hans Erik Wallman (1 May 1936 -- 22 September 2014) in Stockholm, was a Swedish entrepreneur, impresario, composer, director, author, producer and entertainment executive.	Hans E. Wallman	Sweden
country of citizenship	After attending schools in Canada, Germany and Switzerland, Jobst Wagner graduated in law (lic.jur.)	Jobst Wagner	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Ad Achkar (born August 17, 1988 in rural Beirut, Lebanon) is a Lebanese fine-art photographer and artist.	Ad Achkar	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Lemar has had a run of chart success in the United Kingdom, Europe and Australia.	Lemar	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Muszaki Abu Bakar (born 15 March 1989 in Selangor) is a Malaysian footballer formerly playing for Negeri Sembilan FA in Malaysia Super League.	Muszaki Abu Bakar	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Ralph Katzman (born May 13, 1940) is a farmer and former political figure in Saskatchewan, Canada.	Ralph Katzman	Canada
country of citizenship	Haim Yitshak Ehrenberg (Hebrew: חיים יצחק ארנברג), born February 10, 1950 in Jerusalem, Israel, is an Orthodox Rabbi of Berlin, Germany.	Yitshak Ehrenberg	Israel
country of citizenship	Sudhangshu Seal (Shudhangshu Shil, born 27 March 1945) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India.	Sudhangshu Seal	India
country of citizenship	Umaru Shehu (born December 8, 1930) is a Nigerian Professor of Medicine and former Vice Chancellor of the University of Nigeria, Nsukka.	Umaru Shehu	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Lion Axwijk (born March 18, 1984 in Amsterdam, Netherlands) is a Dutch footballer who played for Eredivisie league club RKC Waalwijk during the 2005--2006 season and Eerste Divisie league clubs SC Veendam during the 2005--2006 season and AGOVV Apeldoorn during the 2006--2008 season.	Lion Axwijk	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Rémi Marcoux (born July 6, 1940) is the founder and controlling shareholder of Transcontinental, Inc. Based in Montreal, Transcontinental is Canada's largest printing company and is a publisher of magazines and French language educational materials.	Rémi Marcoux	Canada
country of citizenship	Dr. Facundo Ynsfrán Caballero was Vice President of Paraguay from 1894 to 1898.	Facundo Ynsfrán	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Rajin Dhimal (Nepali: रजिन धिमाल) (born 14 April 1991) sometimes also known as Ranjit Dhimal is a footballer from Nepal.	Rajin Dhimal	Nepal
country of citizenship	Hans Jürgen Kürsch, better known as Hansi Kürsch (born 10 August 1966 in Lank-Latum/Meerbusch, Germany) is a German singer, bass guitarist, and songwriter, best known for being the co-founder, lead vocalist, co-composer, and lyricist of power metal band Blind Guardian.	Hansi Kürsch	Germany
country of citizenship	William Knox Simms (1830 -- 25 December 1897) was a brewer, businessman and politician in the early days of South Australia.	William Knox Simms	Australia
country of citizenship	Charles Lescat (February 19, 1887 -- 1948) was an Argentine citizen, who studied in France and wrote in Je suis partout, the ultra-Collaborationist review headed by Robert Brasillach.	Charles Lescat	France
country of citizenship	Hans Stammreich (July 16, 1902 in Remscheid, Prussia, Germany - March 6, 1969 in Sao Paulo, Brazil), was a Brazilian chemist of German origin and an important pioneer of Raman spectroscopy and molecular spectroscopy.	Hans Stammreich	Germany	Brazil
country of citizenship	Filippa Giordano (born February 14, 1974 in Palermo, Italy) is an Italian crossover singer.	Filippa Giordano	Italy
country of citizenship	Declan O'Donnell, from Waikato, is a New Zealand international rugby sevens player who made his World Series debut in the 2010--11 season.	Declan O'Donnell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	The Reynolds Baronetcy, of Grosvenor Street, was created in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom on 28 February 1895 for John Russell Reynolds.	John Russell Reynolds	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Józef Kos (September 27, 1900, Bącz -- April 5, 2007, Sierakowice) was one of the last surviving veterans of the First World War and one of the oldest people in Poland at the time of his death.	Józef Kos	Poland
country of citizenship	Francisco José Cox Huneeus (born 18 December 1933 in Santiago de Chile) is a Chilean Bishop of the Roman Catholic Church and member of Schoenstatt Movement accused of abusing young boys for years.	Francisco José Cox	Chile
country of citizenship	Adisak Ganu (Thai: อดิศักดิ์ กานู; born January 1, 1986) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Adisak Ganu	Thailand
country of citizenship	Márcio Garcia Machado (born April 17, 1970 in Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a Brazilian actor, television host, writer, producer and film director.	Márcio Garcia	Brazil
country of citizenship	Sonny Schmidt was a New Zealand-born professional bodybuilder.	Sonny Schmidt	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Vahid Shafiei (Persian: وحید شفیعی‎‎, born 28 September 1992 in Qazvin, Iran) is an Iranian futsal player.	Vahid Shafiei	Iran
country of citizenship	Maati Kabbal (born in 1954, in Khouribga, Morocco) is a writer, essayist and specialist in Moroccan literature.	Maati Kabbal	Morocco
country of citizenship	His wife was Urraca Sanches de Celanova daughter of Sancho Nunes de Barbosa and Sancha Henriques (daughter of Henry, Count of Portugal and Theresa, Countess of Portugal. Gonçalo Mendes de Sousa was the grandson of Egas Gomes de Sousa and Gontinha Gonçalves da Maia granddaughter of Trastamiro Aboazar.	Gonçalo Mendes de Sousa	Portugal
country of citizenship	Shawn Farquhar (born June 7, 1962 in Portage la Prairie, Manitoba, Canada) of Maple Ridge, British Columbia is a magician who has won the title ``Grand Prix World Champion of Magic'' from the International Federation of Magic Societies.	Shawn Farquhar	Canada
country of citizenship	Albalucía Ángel Marulanda (born in Pereira, Colombia, 27 September, 1939) is a Colombian writer, folksinger, and novelist.	Albalucía Ángel	Colombia
country of citizenship	Sandile Ngcobo (born 1 March 1953) is former justice in the Constitutional Court of South Africa.	Sandile Ngcobo	South Africa
country of citizenship	Kemal Burkay (1937, Mazgirt, Tunceli Province, Turkey) is a Kurd writer and politician.	Kemal Burkay	Turkey
country of citizenship	William Frederick Alexander (20 July 1882 -- 14 August 1957) was a New Zealand subeditor, poetry anthologist and newspaper editor.	William Frederick Alexander	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Yomara Hinestroza Murillo (born May 20, 1988 in Pradera, Valle del Cauca) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for Colombia.	Yomara Hinestroza	Colombia
country of citizenship	Thorald Brendstrup (25 May 1812, Sengeløse -- 4 May 1883, Copenhagen) was one of Denmark's Golden Age painters.	Thorald Brendstrup	Denmark
country of citizenship	Eliseo Insfrán Orué (born 27 October 1935 in Asunción, Paraguay) is a Paraguayan footballer who played for clubs in Paraguay, Colombia and Chile and for the Paraguay national football team in the FIFA World Cup in Sweden in 1958.	Eliseo Insfrán	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Dai Xianglong (simplified Chinese: 戴相龙; traditional Chinese: 戴相龍; pinyin: Dài Xiànglóng; born October 1944) is a politician of the People's Republic of China.	Dai Xianglong	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	In 2006, the first Carrom Dron was presented to Arun Deshpande, when India won the Carrom World Cup.	Arun Deshpande	India
country of citizenship	Nikolaus Berlakovich (born June 4, 1961 in Eisenstadt, Austria), is an Austrian politician.	Nikolaus Berlakovich	Austria
country of citizenship	Jennie Goodwin is a New Zealand journalist, television newsreader and continuity announcer.	Jennie Goodwin	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Park Chul-soon (Hangul: 박철순, Hanja: 朴哲淳; also spelled Cheol Sun Park, Bak Cheol-sun) (born March 12, 1956 in Busan, South Korea) is a former South Korean pitcher in the Korean professional baseball league who played for the OB Bears.	Park Chul-soon	South Korea
country of citizenship	In October 2003 King Albert II of Belgium honoured Raymond Ceulemans by awarding him a knighthood (Ridderschap) in recognition of his lifetime achievements.	Raymond Ceulemans	Belgium
country of citizenship	Roy Montgomery is a composer, guitarist and lecturer from Christchurch, New Zealand.	Roy Montgomery	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Kristofer Leirdal (15 December 1915, Aure, Norway -- 6 July 2010) was a Norwegian sculptor.	Kristofer Leirdal	Norway
country of citizenship	Dominique Deniaud (born August 22, 1977 in Nantes) is a former ice dancer who represented France.	Dominique Deniaud	France
country of citizenship	Mukhtar Ablyazov (born 16 May 1963, Galkino, South Kazakhstan) is a Kazakh dissident, politician, economist, businessman, and banker.	Mukhtar Ablyazov	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	Tomás Alberto González Vera (born 21 December 1977, in Asuncion, Paraguay), is a Paraguayan footballer.	Tomás Alberto González	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Yutaka Sone (born 1965 in Shizuoka, Japan) is a contemporary artist who lives and works in Los Angeles.	Yutaka Sone	Japan
country of citizenship	Takeshi Yasuda is a Japanese potter who was born in Tokyo, Japan in 1943.	Takeshi Yasuda	Japan
country of citizenship	Another of Thommayanti's works is Khu Kam, about the romance of a Thai woman and a Japanese soldier during World War II in Thailand.	Thommayanti	Thailand
country of citizenship	James Bragge was a well known and respected photographer in New Zealand during the mid-to-late 19th century.	James Bragge	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Gonzalo Adolfo Mendoza Leigue (born Cochabamba, Bolivia, March 18, 1964) is a Bolivian politician, sociologist, and university docent.	Adolfo Mendoza	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Florin Barbu (born 6 April 1974 in Sibiu, Romania) is a Romanian bass player.	Florin Barbu	Romania
country of citizenship	Sarojini Sahoo (Odia: ସରୋଜିନୀ ସାହୁ) (born 1956) is an Orissa Sahitya Academy Award winner Indian feminist writer, a columnist in The New Indian Express and associate editor of Chennai-based English magazine Indian AGE, who has been enlisted among 25 Exceptional Women of India by Kindle Magazine of Kolkata.	Sarojini Sahoo	India
country of citizenship	Friedemann Kupsa (* September 7, 1943 in St.Pölten, Austria) is an Austrian Cellist.	Friedemann Kupsa	Austria
country of citizenship	André Gumprecht (born 26 November 1974 in Jena, East Germany) is a retired German footballer who currently plays and manages for Australian semi-professional club Kahibah FC.	André Gumprecht	Germany
country of citizenship	József Kasza (Serbian: Јожеф Каса, Jožef Kasa, 6 February 1945 − 3 February 2016) was an ethnic Hungarian politician, economist and banker in Serbia.	József Kasza	Serbia
country of citizenship	Ahmed Rajib Haider (died 15 February 2013) was an atheist blogger from Bangladesh.	Ahmed Rajib Haider	Bangladesh
country of citizenship	Denis Chang Khen-lee, CBE, QC, SC, JP (born 15 February 1944, Sabah, Malaysia --) was an appointed unofficial member of the Executive Council of Hong Kong (1992--97) and Queen's Counsel.	Denis Chang	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Jinsop Ho Odirling, known as ``Jinsop'' (Seoul, South Korea, 1959 -- Santa Elena, Ecuador, June 24, 2012) was an Ecuadorian singer of Korean and American heritage who sang Spanish ballads, pop, and rock music.	Jinsop	Ecuador
country of citizenship	Gerard Melder (1693 -- 1754), was an 18th-century miniature and watercolor painter from the Northern Netherlands.	Gerard Melder	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Ramsewak Shankar (born November 6, 1937) is a Surinamese politician who was the 4th President of Suriname from 1988 to 1990.	Ramsewak Shankar	Suriname
country of citizenship	George Lam Chi Cheung (born 12 October 1947), also known professionally by his surname Lam, is a Hong Kong-based veteran Cantopop singer and actor of Xinhui area origin.	George Lam	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Richard Barcham Shalders (1824--1914) was a Baptist preacher, founder of the New Zealand branch of the YMCA, and founder of Auckland Baptist Tabernacle.	Richard Barcham Shalders	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Prior to joining Nokia, Olli-Pekka Kallasvuo held a variety of positions with the former Union Bank of Finland.	Olli-Pekka Kallasvuo	Finland
country of citizenship	Nicolas Perrot was born in France between 1641 and 1644, perhaps at Darcey in Burgundy, where his father was lieutenant of justice.	Nicolas Perrot	France
country of citizenship	Professor Geoffrey B. Jameson FRSNZ, is a structural biochemist at Massey University in Palmerston North, New Zealand.	Geoffrey B. Jameson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Theo Breuer was born in Bürvenich, North Rhine-Westphalia, West Germany and educated at Cologne University where he studied German and English linguistics and literature.	Theo Breuer	Germany
country of citizenship	Samuel Lewis Galindo (born June 4, 1927 in Panama City, Panama) is a businessman, politician and author of essays and articles about current political, economic and social development of Panama.	Samuel Lewis Galindo	Panama
country of citizenship	Jacob Vilhelm Rode Heiberg (19 February 1860 -- 1946) was a Danish civil servant and burgomaster in Norway.	Jacob Vilhelm Rode Heiberg	Norway
country of citizenship	Andrew Lofthouse is a television and radio newsreader based in Brisbane, Australia.	Andrew Lofthouse	Australia
country of citizenship	Justice Ranjan Gogoi (Assamese: ৰঞ্জন গগৈ; b. 18 November 1954) is a judge of the Supreme Court of India.	Ranjan Gogoi	India
country of citizenship	Pavel Pazdírek (born 14 October 1937) is a retired swimmer from Czechoslovakia who won a silver medal in the 200 m butterfly at the 1958 European Aquatics Championships.	Pavel Pazdírek	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Amina Kamara (born 31 January 1987 in London, United Kingdom) was the first winner of the title Miss West Africa in 2008, where she represented Sierra Leone at the inaugural Miss West Africa pageant in London.	Amina Kamara	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	San Narith (born 7 November 1986) is a footballer from Cambodia.	San Narith	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Dag Spantell (born March 24, 1950 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian singer who was at his most popular in the 1970s.	Dag Spantell	Norway
country of citizenship	Anastasiya Yakimova (Belarusian: Настасся Аляксееўна Якімава; Анастасия Алексеевна Екимова; born 1 November 1986) is a tennis player from Belarus.	Anastasiya Yakimova	Belarus
country of citizenship	Oliver Palotai (born 17 March 1974 in Germany) is a classically trained German musician of Hungarian ancestry, best known as a member of the power metal band Kamelot and of Doro Pesch's touring band.	Oliver Palotai	Germany
country of citizenship	John Te One Hippolite (25 August 1929--27 February 1993) was a New Zealand farm labourer, political activist, nurse.	John Te One Hippolite	New Zealand
country of citizenship	David Alliance, Baron Alliance, CBE (Persian: داوود آلیانس‎‎, Hebrew: דייוויד אליאנס‎; born 15 June 1932) is an Iranian-British businessman and Liberal Democrat politician of Jewish origin from Iran.	David Alliance, Baron Alliance	Iran
country of citizenship	Professor Jan Remmelink (27 April 1922, Zelhem, Gelderland - 15 May 2003, Groningen) was Attorney General of the High Council of the Netherlands from 1968 to 1989.	Jan Remmelink	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Hans Madsen Ries (5 December 1860 -- 14 April 1926) was a New Zealand Lutheran pastor, farmer, businessman and local politician.	Hans Madsen Ries	New Zealand
country of citizenship	His 1870 autobiography The Adventures of Martin Cash, ghostwritten by James Lester Burke, a former convict, became a best seller in Australia.	Martin Cash	Australia
country of citizenship	Rais Anis Sabri from Jalalabad, Uttar Pradesh, India is one of the youngest performing Sufiana Qawwals.	Rais Anis Sabri	India
country of citizenship	Mawlay Mohammed ash-Sheikh ash Sharif al-Hassani al-Drawi at-Tagmaderti (1490/1491 -- 23 October 1557) was the first sultan of the Saadi dynasty ruling over Morocco (1544--57).	Mohammed ash-Sheikh	Morocco
country of citizenship	Born in 1977, Cyril Wong attended Saint Patrick's School, Singapore and Temasek Junior College, before completing a doctoral degree in English literature at the National University of Singapore.	Cyril Wong	Singapore
country of citizenship	The son of farmer Jakob Daniel Canova and his wife Maria Elisabeth (née Jörg), Gaudenz Canova was born on December 31, 1887 in the municipality Domat/Ems in Graubünden, Switzerland.	Gaudenz Canova	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Shane Price, (born 26 December 1986 in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia) is an Australian motor racing driver who raced for two seasons in the V8 Supercar Championship Series in 2007 and 2008.	Shane Price	Australia
country of citizenship	The Hongwu Emperor (Chinese: 洪武帝; pinyin: Hóngwǔ Dì; 21 October 1328 -- 24 June 1398), personal name Zhu Yuanzhang (朱元璋) and courtesy name Guorui (國瑞), was the founder and first emperor of the Ming dynasty of China.	Hongwu Emperor	China
country of citizenship	Air Chief Marshal Ioannis Giangos (Greek: Ιωάννης Γιάγκος, born 1951) is a retired Greek Air Force officer and a former Chief of the National Defense General Staff of Greece.	Ioannis Giangos	Greece
country of citizenship	In 1915 a group of artists and poets, including Fernando Pessoa, Mário de Sá-Carneiro and Almada Negreiros, created the literary magazine Orpheu, which introduced modernist literature to Portugal.	Fernando Pessoa	Portugal
country of citizenship	Steeve Khawly (born 27 january 1967, in Port-au-Prince - Haiti), is a businessman and a Haitian philanthropist.	Steeve Khawly	Haiti
country of citizenship	Trương Tấn Bửu (張進寶, 1752--1827), also called Trương Tấn Long (張進隆), was a general and official of the Nguyễn dynasty of Vietnam Bửu born in 1752 in Thạch Phú Đông, Giồng Trôm District, Bến Tre Province.	Trương Tấn Bửu	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Iqbal Khan Jadoon was a Pakistani politician from the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Iqbal Khan Jadoon	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Lena Conradson, originally Konradsson, later Berglund, born 23 March 1948 in Lycksele, Sweden, is a Swedish singer.	Lena Conradson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Ana Grepo (5 March 1975 -- 10 November 2011) was a Croatian businesswoman and former model from Split, Croatia.	Ana Grepo	Croatia
country of citizenship	Keston Bledman, HBM (born 8 March 1988) is a track and field sprint athlete, who competes internationally for Trinidad and Tobago.	Keston Bledman	Trinidad and Tobago
country of citizenship	Ann-Sofie Järnström (born July 16, 1949) is a former ice speed skater from Sweden, who represented her native country at three consecutive Winter Olympics, starting in 1972 in Sapporo, Japan.	Ann-Sofie Järnström	Sweden
country of citizenship	Daniel-Henri Druey (12 April 1799 -- 29 March 1855) was a Swiss politician of the 19th century and a founding father of constitutional democracy in Switzerland.	Henri Druey	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Cordula Stratmann (born November 10, 1963 in Düsseldorf, Germany) is a German comedian.	Cordula Stratmann	Germany
country of citizenship	Antonio Maria Colini (1900 in Rome, Italy - 1989 in Rome, Italy) was a Roman archaeologist who studied, among other topics, the Severan marble plan of Rome known as the Forma Urbis Romae.	Antonio Maria Colini	Italy
country of citizenship	Ivan Magrin-Chagnolleau is an artist researcher born in Paris, France.	Ivan Magrin-Chagnolleau	France
country of citizenship	General Zakari Nandja is a Togolese political figure and military officer, serving in the government of Togo as Minister of State for Water, Sanitation, and Village Hydraulics since May 2009.	Zakari Nandja	Togo
country of citizenship	Ray Sinel is a New Zealand former rugby league player who represented his country in the 1968 World Cup.	Ray Sinel	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Fali Sam Nariman (born 10 January 1929) is a distinguished Indian Constitutional jurist and senior advocate to the Supreme Court of India since 1971 and has remained the President of the Bar Association of India since 1991.	Fali Sam Nariman	India
country of citizenship	Elmore D (born Daniel Droixhe, 1946, near Liège, Belgium) is a Belgian blues musician.	Elmore D	Belgium
country of citizenship	Cristian Rosso (born 29 January 1984 in Mar del Plata, Argentina) is an Argentine rower.	Cristian Rosso	Argentina
country of citizenship	Gíallchad, the son of Ailill Olcháin, son of Sírna Sáeglach, was, according to medieval Irish legend and historical tradition, the 37th High King of Ireland.	Gíallchad	Ireland
country of citizenship	Juan Piquer Simón owned his own independent studio in Madrid, Spain, and designed many of his own special effects sequences for his films.	Juan Piquer Simón	Spain
country of citizenship	Jakarat Tonhongsa (born 29 September 1973) is a Thailand football Defender who played for Thailand in the 1996 Asian Cup.	Jakarat Tonhongsa	Thailand
country of citizenship	Miloš Soboňa (born 25 November 1975) is a former Slovakian international football defender who played for clubs in Slovakia and Turkey.	Miloš Soboňa	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Luc Leestemaker (May 18, 1957 -- May 18, 2012) was an American abstract expressionist artist who was born in Hilversum, the Netherlands.	Luc Leestemaker	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Alain Bernheim, born 1931 in Paris, France, lives in Montreux, Switzerland.	Alain Bernheim	France
country of citizenship	Anderson Souza Conceição (born 1 February 1994), known as Talisca or Anderson Talisca, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club Benfica and the Brazil Olympic team.	Talisca	Brazil
country of citizenship	Valentin Thurn (born 1963, Stuttgart, Germany) is an award winning German film maker, writer and director who made the 2010 documentary Taste the Waste.	Valentin Thurn	Germany
country of citizenship	Wanidu Hasaranga (born 29 July 1997) is a Sri Lankan cricketer who plays for Sri Lanka Ports Authority Cricket Club.	Wanidu Hasaranga	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Khen Shish was born in Safed, Israel, in 1970 to parents of Tunisian-Jewish origin.	Khen Shish	Israel
country of citizenship	Orontes II (Armenian: Երուանդ Բ, Yervand II) was the son of Orontes I. After Codomannus ascended the throne of Persia as Darius III of Persia in 336 BC, Orontes was given the Satrapy of Armenia to rule.	Orontes II	Armenia
country of citizenship	Lewis St. George Stubbs (June 14, 1878-May 12, 1958) was a prominent judge and politician in Manitoba, Canada.	Lewis St. George Stubbs	Canada
country of citizenship	Heraclio Bernal (1855-1888) was a bandit from the Sinaloa region of Mexico.	Heraclio Bernal	Mexico
country of citizenship	Charles Gitonga (born 5 October 1971) is a retired athlete from Kenya who specialized in the 400 metres.	Charles Gitonga	Kenya
country of citizenship	Nagao Fujikage (長尾藤景) was a samurai of the Nagao clan who served under Uesugi Kenshin during Japan's Sengoku period.	Nagao Fujikage	Japan
country of citizenship	Jozef Tomko was born 11 March 1924 in Udavské, near Humenné, in Czechoslovakia (now part of the Republic of Slovakia).	Jozef Tomko	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Peter Charley was born Australia.	Peter Charley	Australia
country of citizenship	Stefanie McKeough (born January 27, 1991) has competed for Hockey Canada in numerous international tournaments.	Stefanie McKeough	Canada
country of citizenship	Thorvald Madsen was also involved in the work of selecting sick prisoners of war who were sent to Denmark as part of the conditions of prisoner exchanges between, on the one hand, Austria-Hungary and Germany on the other hand, Russia.	Thorvald Madsen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Charles Haentjens returned to Paris in diplomacy as the Secretary of the Legation of Haiti from 1859 to 1863, where he conducted business from 1863 to 1864.	Charles Haentjens	Haiti
country of citizenship	Eline Flipse (born in 1954 in Wageningen, the Netherlands) is a film director of documentaries.	Eline Flipse	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Helena Waldmann is a German theater director, set designer, and choreographer who was born in Burghausen, Germany in 1962.	Helena Waldmann	Germany
country of citizenship	Abu Sabaya ( pronunciation AH-boo sah-bah-YAH July 18, 1962 -- June 21, 2002), born Aldam Tilao, was one of the leaders of the Abu Sayyaf in the southern Philippines until he was killed by soldiers of the Philippine Army in 2002.	Abu Sabaya	Philippines
country of citizenship	Guus Kuijer is born on 1 August 1942 in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Guus Kuijer	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Sashi Kumar is a prominent media personality from Kerala, India.	Sashi Kumar	India
country of citizenship	Dana Marie is a Christian recording artist from Kitchener, Ontario, Canada.	Dana Marie	Canada
country of citizenship	Kumron Chinsri (born 14 May 1988) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Kumron Chinsri	Thailand
country of citizenship	Patrick Moraz's Aquarius Studios in Geneva, Switzerland with engineer Jean Ristori, was a creative magnetic for recording signed European progressive rock bands, including John McLaughlin and the Swiss progressive rock band, Flame Dream.	Patrick Moraz	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Costinha played more than 50 times with Portugal, appearing with the national team in one World Cup and two European Championships and being part of the squad that reached the final in Euro 2004.	Costinha	Portugal
country of citizenship	Richard Mosse (born 1980, Kilkenny, Ireland) is an Irish conceptual documentary photographer.	Richard Mosse	Ireland
country of citizenship	Khalid Hamdaoui is a Dutch footballer (with ancestral roots tracing back to Morocco) who played in 2013 for Woodlands Wellington in the S.League.	Khalid Hamdaoui	Morocco
country of citizenship	Martina Moravcová (born 16 January 1976 in Piešťany, Trnava, Czechoslovakia) is a medley, butterfly and freestyle swimmer from Slovakia.	Martina Moravcová	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Doria Shafik (14 December 1908 -- 20 September 1975) was a feminist, philosopher, poet and editor, and one of the principal leaders of the women's liberation movement in Egypt in the mid 1940s.	Doria Shafik	Egypt
country of citizenship	Siritunga Jayasuriya was a contestant in the Sri Lanka presidential election in 2005.	Siritunga Jayasuriya	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Osvaldo Benavides (Born June 14, 1979, Mexico City, Mexico), is a Mexican actor, writer, producer and cinematographer.	Osvaldo Benavides	Mexico City
country of citizenship	Franciszek Zachara (b Tarnów, Austrian Poland (now Poland), 10 December 1898; d Tallahassee, Florida, 2 February 1966) was a Polish pianist and composer who concertized extensively throughout Europe in the years leading up to 1928.	Franciszek Zachara	Poland
country of citizenship	Willy Breinholst (27 June 1918 -- 19 September 2009) was a Danish author, screenwriter, and humorist born in Fredensborg, Denmark.	Willy Breinholst	Denmark
country of citizenship	Nelinho was capped 28 times by Brazil, between April 1974 and June 1980, and scored eight international goals.	Nelinho	Brazil
country of citizenship	Ninsun Poli is a Swedish-Assyrian singer and songwriter raised in Botkyrka, a suburb of Stockholm, Sweden.	Ninsun Poli	Sweden
country of citizenship	Klaus Klang, real name Claude Ongena (born 26 September 1959), is a musician from Brussels, Belgium.	Klaus Klang	Belgium
country of citizenship	Wilhelm Magnus (February 5, 1907, Berlin, Germany -- October 15, 1990, New Rochelle, NY) was a German American mathematician.	Wilhelm Magnus	Germany
country of citizenship	John Robert Fow (1869 -- 18 September 1943) was Mayor of Hamilton, New Zealand for four terms:	John Robert Fow	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Isabel de Castro (August 1, 1931, Lisbon, Portugal -- November 23, 2005) was a Portuguese film actress.	Isabel de Castro	Portugal
country of citizenship	Joaquín Clerch (born 1965 in Havana, Cuba) is a classical guitarist and composer.	Joaquín Clerch	Cuba
country of citizenship	Alfred Landé was born on 13 December 1888 in Elberfeld, Rhineland, Germany, today part of the city of Wuppertal.	Alfred Landé	Germany
country of citizenship	Asha Kale is an actress in the Marathi language film industry of India.	Asha Kale	India
country of citizenship	Roger Arntzen (born 3 June 1976 in Bodø, Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz musician (upright bass), knoen from playing in bands like In The Country, Ballrogg, Chrome Hill and Håvard Stubø Trio.	Roger Arntzen	Norway
country of citizenship	Hilaria Supa Huamán (born 1957, in Wayllaqocha, Anta Province, Cusco Region) is a Peruvian politician, human rights activist, and an active member of several Indigenous women organizations in Peru and the world and a Peruvian politician.	Hilaria Supa	Peru
country of citizenship	Mohamed El-Tabii (1896--1976) محمد التابعي in Arabic was a leading Egyptian political writer, journalist and a pioneer of modern press in Egypt and the Arab World, so much so that he was dubbed ``Prince of Journalism''.	Mohamed El-Tabii	Egypt
country of citizenship	Arthur Thomas Bate (28 January 1855 -- 14 January 1922) was a New Zealand sharebroker, public servant and philatelist.	Arthur Thomas Bate	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Pradeep Dubey, born January 9, 1951 in Patna, Bihar, India, is an American game theorist.	Pradeep Dubey	India
country of citizenship	Michael Patrizi (born 4 May 1984 in Kalgoorlie, Western Australia) is best known as a professional race driver.	Michael Patrizi	Australia
country of citizenship	Daniel Cargnin (1930 -- 2002) was a Brazilian priest and amateur paleontologist born in Nova Palma, in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil, in 1930.	Daniel Cargnin	Brazil
country of citizenship	Akindele Olufunke Ayotunde (popularly known as Funke Akindele, born August 24, 1977 in Ikorodu, Lagos State, Nigeria) is a Nigerian actress.	Funke Akindele	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Rupankar Bagchi, known mononymously Rupankar is a Bengali singer from Kolkata, West Bengal, India.	Rupankar	Bengal
country of citizenship	V. S. Sunil Kumar is a leftist politician and Member of Kerala Legislative Assembly from Kaipamangalam constituency, Thrissur district, Kerala, India.	V. S. Sunil Kumar	India
country of citizenship	Robert Watkin-Mills (March 4, 1849 -- December 10, 1930) was an English bass-baritone concert singer of the late Victorian era who in his later career moved to Canada.	Robert Watkin-Mills	Canada
country of citizenship	Christoph Schütz (November 6, 1689 in Umstadt, Germany - January 4, 1750 in Bad Homburg, Germany) was a pietist writer and a songbook publisher.	Christoph Schütz	Germany
country of citizenship	The President of the Balearic Islands is the head of government of the Balearic Islands, one of the 17 autonomous communities of Spain, while the monarch Felipe VI remains the head of state as King of Spain (and therefore of the Balearic Islands).	President of the Balearic Islands	Spain
country of citizenship	James Robert Sutton, CNZM (born 7 November 1941), generally known as Jim Sutton, was a New Zealand politician from 1984--1990 and from 1993--2006.	Jim Sutton	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Sanna Jinnedal (born in April 25, 1993 in Borås) is a Swedish model and Miss World Sweden titleholder.	Sanna Jinnedal	Sweden
country of citizenship	Paulo César Wanchope Watson (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈpaulo wanˈtʃope); born 31 July 1976), more commonly known as Paulo Wanchope, is a Costa Rican former footballer and former Head Coach of the Costa Rica national football team.	Paulo Wanchope	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Kosai Khauli (Arabic: قصي خولي‎) is a Syrian actor born on April 1, 1976 in Tartus, Syria.	Kosai Khauli	Syria
country of citizenship	Christoph Meinel (Univ.-Prof., Dr. sc. nat., Dr. rer. nat., born 14 April 1954, Meißen, Germany) is a German scientist and university professor of computer sciences.	Christoph Meinel	Germany
country of citizenship	Bonnie Mitchelson (born November 28, 1947 in Winnipeg) is a politician in Manitoba, Canada.	Bonnie Mitchelson	Canada
country of citizenship	Maurice Frydman (Maurycy Frydman or Maurycy Frydman-Mor in Polish), aka Swami Bharatananda (1901 in Warsaw, Russian Empire -- 9 March 1977 in India), was an engineer and humanitarian who spent the later part of his life in India.	Maurice Frydman	India
country of citizenship	Rao Gopal Rao was born in 1937 in Ganganapalli near Kakinada, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Rao Gopal Rao	India
country of citizenship	Otmaro Ruíz (born June 27, 1964 in Caracas, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan pianist, keyboardist, composer and arranger.	Otmaro Ruíz	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Jackson Kabiga (born December 1, 1976) is a retired long-distance runner from Kenya, who won the 1998 edition of the Fukuoka Marathon, clocking 2:09:30 on December 6, 1998.	Jackson Kabiga	Kenya
country of citizenship	Jamison Gibson-Park (born 23 February 1992) is a New Zealand Rugby Union player who plays as a halfback.	Jamison Gibson-Park	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jørgen Kaas (1618 -- 30 January 1658 in Fyn) was a Danish colonel, lord of the fiefdom Lister in Norway, and owner of the Hastrup and Østergaard estates in Denmark.	Jørgen Kaas	Denmark
country of citizenship	Till Gerhard was born in Hamburg, Germany.	Till Gerhard	Germany
country of citizenship	Aaron of Pesaro was an Italian Talmudist who flourished in the sixteenth century at Pesaro, Italy.	Aaron of Pesaro	Italy
country of citizenship	Akram Yari (Persian: اکرم یاری‎‎) was a Maoist political organizer in Afghanistan.	Akram Yari	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Santiago Americano Freire (born 1908, Nova Friburgo, State of Rio de Janeiro; deceased, May 24, 1997, Belo Horizonte, State of Minas Gerais, Brazil) was a scientist of many interests and fields of works in science and culture.	Santiago Americano Freire	Brazil
country of citizenship	Cindy Overland (born in Cambridge, Ontario on February 19, 1976) is a Canadian speed skater who competed for Canada at the 1998 Winter Olympics and at the 2002 Winter Olympics.	Cindy Overland	Canada
country of citizenship	Kaladian Coulibaly was a West African ruler who founded one of the first large Bambara kingdoms, centered on Ségou in what is now Mali.	Kaladian Coulibaly	Mali
country of citizenship	Jarle Aarbakke (born November 18, 1942) was the rector at the University of Tromsø, and are currently the mayor of Tromsø in Northern-Norway.	Jarle Aarbakke	Norway
country of citizenship	Justice Markandey Katju is the former Chairman, Press Council of India.	Markandey Katju	India
country of citizenship	Toni Redpath was born in Surfers Paradise, Queensland, Australia, and started ballroom dancing at the age of 9, after accompanying a friend to a local dance competition and deciding that it looked like too much fun not to try.	Toni Redpath	Australia
country of citizenship	Radu Filipescu's maternal uncle, Victor Groza, is the brother of Petru Groza, the first Communist Prime Minister of Romania.	Radu Filipescu	Romania
country of citizenship	Marta Skupilová (born 28 March 1938) is a retired swimmer from Czechoslovakia who won a bronze medal in the 100 m butterfly at the 1958 European Aquatics Championships.	Marta Skupilová	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Born December 4, 1975 in Vänersborg, Sweden, Håkan Johansson is the drummer for Division Of Laura Lee and Frantic Mantis and drummed for the post-punk band Uncle.	Håkan Johansson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Tamaarashi Kōhei (born Kōhei Narita; August 1, 1941 - February 28, 1993) was a sumo wrestler from Memuro, Hokkaidō, Japan.	Tamaarashi Kōhei	Japan
country of citizenship	Julien Poulin (born April 20, 1946) is an actor, film director, screenwriter, film producer, and composer in Quebec, Canada.	Julien Poulin	Canada
country of citizenship	Luk Kwok Sun (born August 13, 1960) is a Hong Kong sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s and early 1990s.	Luk Kwok Sun	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Arne Åkerson (born 23 August 1940 in Gävle, Sweden) is a Swedish former Olympic sailor.	Arne Åkerson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Carolina Márquez (born in Bogotá, Colombia), is a Colombian/Italian electronic music singer who resides in Rome.	Carolina Márquez	Colombia
country of citizenship	Dominique Othenin-Girard was born in 1958 in Le Locle, Neuchâtel, Switzerland, to French painter Ivan Othenin-Girard and Sonia Calame.	Dominique Othenin-Girard	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Caridad Canelón (born May 16, 1955), is a Venezuela television actress.She has worked as an actress of telenovelas for Radio Caracas Televisión and Venevisión.	Caridad Canelón	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Nitish Mishra (born 9 July 1973) is an Indian politician hailing from eastern Indian state of Bihar, India.	Nitish Mishra	India
country of citizenship	Hadi Tavoosi (هادی طاووسی in Persian, born 7 October 1938 in Tehran, Iran) is a retired Iranian footballer and administrator.	Hadi Tavoosi	Iran
country of citizenship	Féfé was born in Clichy, Hauts-de-Seine, France on 18th January, 1976 to Yoruba parents from Paris.	Féfé	France
country of citizenship	Yair Dalal was born in Israel in 1955, though his parents were Iraqis who had immigrated to Israel the year before.	Yair Dalal	Israel
country of citizenship	Sverre Gjørvad (born 26 October 1966 in Stathelle, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz musician (drums) and composer.	Sverre Gjørvad	Norway
country of citizenship	Alipi Kostadinov (born 16 April 1955) is a retired cyclist from Czechoslovakia who specialized in road racing.	Alipi Kostadinov	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Philip Robert Presants (18 December 1867 -- 27 October 1942) was a chromolithographer, designer and painter in New Zealand.	Philip Robert Presants	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Natalia Nasaridze (born 2 October 1972) is a three-time European champion archer, who competes internationally for Turkey.	Natalia Nasaridze	Turkey
country of citizenship	Benoist Apparu (born 24 November 1969) was Secretary of State for Housing under the Minister of Ecology, Sustainable Development, Transport and Housing, Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet, in the François Fillon III government, and a member of the National Assembly of France.	Benoist Apparu	France
country of citizenship	Cristian Schmidt (born 13 August 1982 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine judoka.	Cristian Schmidt	Argentina
country of citizenship	David Quirk (born 15 February 1981) is a stand-up comedian based in Melbourne, Australia.	David Quirk	Australia
country of citizenship	Jimi Tenor (born Lassi O. T. Lehto, 1965 in Lahti, Finland) is a Finnish musician.	Jimi Tenor	Finland
country of citizenship	Aivaras Balžekas (April 8, 1982 in Šiauliai, Lithuania -- October 10, 2005 in Florida, United States) was a Lithuanian professional tennis player and a member of the Lynn University's tennis team.	Aivaras Balžekas	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Józef Karol Konrad Chełmicki (Portuguese: Jose Carlos Conrado Chelmicki) (Warsaw 19 February 1814 - Tavira, Portugal, 28 June 1890) was a Polish born Portuguese General.	Józef Karol Konrad Chełmicki	Portugal
country of citizenship	Mikael Samuelson has been considered as one of the greatest musical performers and composer ever in Sweden, especially for his versions of singing Evert Taube and Fred Åkerström.	Mikael Samuelson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Chief Abel Ebifemowei (AKA Osuwo 1) was born in Amassoma, Ogboin North Local Government Area, Bayelsa State, southern Nigeria on 6 December 1963 to Late Chief Abel Femowei and Mrs Yoruba Ere.	Abel Ebifemowei	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Norbert Holík (born 14 May 1972 in Žiar nad Hronom) is a Paralympian athlete from Slovakia who competes mainly in category P13 pentathlon events.	Norbert Holík	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Wendy Bisaro (born Montreal, Quebec) is a teacher and current territorial level politician from the Northwest Territories, Canada.	Wendy Bisaro	Canada
country of citizenship	Thomas Quiwonkpa (1955-1985), a Gio from Nimba County, was a Commanding General of the Armed Forces of Liberia (AFL) and founder of the National Patriotic Front of Liberia.	Thomas Quiwonkpa	Liberia
country of citizenship	Vidas Bičiulaitis (born August 11, 1971) is a retired boxer from Lithuania.	Vidas Bičiulaitis	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Te Aritaua Pitama (1906--1958) was a New Zealand teacher, broadcaster and concert party producer.	Te Aritaua Pitama	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Paul Lim Leong Hwa known simply as Paul Lim (born 25 January 1954 in Singapore) is a professional darts player.	Paul Lim	Singapore
country of citizenship	Andreas Scherer is a West Germany and later German former ski jumper.	Andreas Scherer	Germany
country of citizenship	Nora Cleary (1924-1988) was a well known Irish traditional singer and lilter from the hamlet ``The Hand'', near Milltown Malbay, County Clare, Ireland.	Nora Cleary	Ireland
country of citizenship	Lars Andreas Haug (born 12 April 1975 in Frogner, Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz musician (tuba), known from a variety of jazz groups and recordings.	Lars Andreas Haug	Norway
country of citizenship	Alice Garoute (born 1874-died 30 October, 1950) was a Haitian suffragist and advocate for women's rights in Haiti, including peasant women.	Alice Garoute	Haiti
country of citizenship	Suh Yongsun, also Yong Sun Suh or Seo Young-Sun (Korean: 서용선; born 1951 in Seoul, South Korea), is a Korean painter and sculptor.	Suh Yongsun	South Korea
country of citizenship	William Cecil Ross (May 11, 1911 -- June 4, 1998) was a politician in Manitoba, Canada, and the leader of that province's Communist Party from 1948 until his retirement in 1981.	William Cecil Ross	Canada
country of citizenship	Arturo Herbruger Asturias (3 June 1912 -- 25 October 1999) served as Vice President of Guatemala from 18 June 1993 to 14 January 1996 in the cabinet of president Ramiro de León.	Arturo Herbruger	Guatemala
country of citizenship	Kate Starre (born 18 September 1971 in Armadale, Western Australia) is a former field hockey midfielder from Australia, who competed for her native country in three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1992 (Barcelona, Spain).	Kate Starre	Australia
country of citizenship	Luciano Arruga (born February 28, 1992) is an Argentine teenager who has been missing since January 31, 2009, when he was intercepted by police in Buenos Aires Lomas del Mirador, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.	Luciano Arruga	Argentina
country of citizenship	Liu Yongzhi (Chinese: 刘永治; born November 1944) is a general in the People's Liberation Army (PLA) of the People's Republic of China.	Liu Yongzhi	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Philippe Mangou (born 26 January 1952) was the head of the armed forces of Ivory Coast from 2004 until 2011.	Philippe Mangou	Ivory Coast
country of citizenship	Sherina Munaf (born June 11, 1990 in Bandung, West Java, Indonesia) is an Indonesian actress, pop singer, and songwriter.	Sherina Munaf	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Giovanni Lombardo Radice (born 23 September 1954, Rome, Italy) is an Italian film actor, better known to audiences as John Morghen.	Giovanni Lombardo Radice	Italy
country of citizenship	Franco Debono (born 9 March 1974) is the current Commissioner of Laws of Malta, appointed by the Labour-led administration of Joseph Muscat on 24 March 2013.	Franco Debono	Malta
country of citizenship	Sepé Tiaraju (unknown--1756) was an indigenous Guarani leader in the Jesuit reduction mission of São Luiz Gonzaga and who died on February 7, 1756, in the municipality of São Gabriel, in the present-day state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.	Sepé Tiaraju	Brazil
country of citizenship	Mariana Sadovska (born 1972, Lviv, Ukraine) is a German-based Ukrainian actress, singer, musician, recording artist, and composer.	Mariana Sadovska	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Robert Brent (1764 -- September 7, 1819) was the first mayor of Washington, D.C., the federal capital of the United States of America.	Robert Brent	United States of America
country of citizenship	Brigita Langerholc (born July 23, 1976 in Kranj, Slovenia) is a Slovenian middle distance runner who specializes in the 800 metres.	Brigita Langerholc	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Augusto Barcia (born 1926, Santiago, Chile - died 8 December 2001, Santiago, Chile) was a painter from Chile.	Augusto Barcia	Chile
country of citizenship	Wilhelmina Catharina Maria Martina ``Wilma'' van Gool (née van den Berg on 11 August 1947, commonly known as Wilma van den Berg) is a retired sprinter from the Netherlands.	Wilma van den Berg	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Tal R (born in Israel in 1967) is an artist based in Copenhagen.	Tal R	Israel
country of citizenship	Manuela George-Izunwa became the Commissioner for Women Affairs in the vibrant Amaechi led government by the appointment of the Governor of Rivers State, Nigeria, Rt. Hon. Chibuike Rotimi Amaechi.	Manuela George-Izunwa	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Jeanne de Jussie (1503-1561) was a Roman Catholic nun and writer of 16th century Switzerland.	Jeanne de Jussie	Switzerland
country of citizenship	George Egerton was born Mary Chavelita Dunne in Melbourne, Australia in 1859, to a Welsh Protestant mother, Isabel George, and an Irish Catholic father, Captain John J. Dunne.	George Egerton	Australia
country of citizenship	Zoltan Parag (born 18 August 1981) is an Indian Male Model from Mumbai, India who participated in the Mr. Gay International competition held in Hollywood Boulevard, Hollywood.	Zoltan Parag	India
country of citizenship	François-Melchior-Charles-Bienvenu de Miollis (19 June 1753, Aix-en-Provence, France - 27 June 1843, Aix-en-Provence, France) was the Bishop of Digne from 1805 to 1838.	Bienvenu de Miollis	France
country of citizenship	Jean Rollin was born in Neuilly-sur-Seine (now Hauts-de-Seine), France, to Claude Rollin, an actor and theatre director, who went by the stage name ``Claude Martin'', and Denise Rollin-Le Gentil, thus being born into an artistically inclined family.	Jean Rollin	France
country of citizenship	Devon Alexander took a strong stance against The Supreme Court of the United States of America legitimatizing same-sex marriage in the USA, Devon Alexander tweeted homophobic statements that were discussed on boxing articles the next day	Devon Alexander	United States of America
country of citizenship	Ramires Santos do Nascimento (Brazilian Portuguese: (ʁaˈmiɾes ˈsɐ̃tus du nasiˈmẽtu); born 24 March 1987), known simply as Ramires, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Chinese club Jiangsu Suning and the Brazil national team.	Ramires	Brazil
country of citizenship	Abdul Karim al-Kabariti ( pronunciation AB-del ka- REEM al kah-bah-REE-tee Arabic: عبد الكريم الكباريتي‎; born 15 December 1949) was the prime minister of Jordan from 4 February 1996 to 9 March 1997.	Abdul Karim al-Kabariti	Jordan
country of citizenship	Anna Elizabeth Jerome Spencer (1872--1955) was a notable New Zealand school principal, orchardist and community leader.	Anna Elizabeth Jerome Spencer	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Tonia Todman (born 1948) AKA ``The Rafia Queen'' is an Australian television personality, who has appeared on Good Morning Australia, and also appeared on Rove Live.	Tonia Todman	Australia
country of citizenship	Harry Kurschat (born 28 February 1933 in Berlin) is a retired boxer from Germany, who competed in the Lightweight division during his career as an amateur.	Harry Kurschat	Germany
country of citizenship	Jean Ballantyne (10 July 1906--17 November 1980) was a New Zealand ballet teacher and examiner, choreographer.	Jean Ballantyne	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Andrés Zuno (born on Mexico City, Mexico), better known as Andy Zuno, is a Mexican actor and singer.	Andrés Zuno	Mexico
country of citizenship	Bojidara Kouzmanova (born 1977 in Plovdiv, Bulgaria) is a violinist.	Bojidara Kouzmanova	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Ren Zhu (Chinese: 任柱; died 1867), born in Mengcheng Anhui, China, was an eminent military leader of the Nien Rebellion who was known during his military tenure as the King of Lu (魯王).	Ren Zhu	China
country of citizenship	Kainat Soomro (Sindhi: ڪائنات سومرو‎) (born May 2, 1993 in Mehar, Pakistan) is a Pakistani woman whose struggle to obtain justice for her gang rape at the age of 13 drew international attention.	Kainat Soomro	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Jenny Ferguson is a retired New Zealand netball player.	Jenny Ferguson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Nelson Merlo (born 15 July 1983, São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian racing driver.	Nelson Merlo	Brazil
country of citizenship	A right-arm opening bowler, Farooq Hamid made his first-class debut in 1961-62, and toured England with the Pakistan Eaglets in 1963.	Farooq Hamid	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Sangrama was the general of King Udayadityavarman II of the Khmer Empire in what is now Cambodia.	Sangrama	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Adnan Sezgin (born 28 January 1954 in Malatya, Turkey) is a former soccer player, and serves Turkish football in various administrative positions.	Adnan Sezgin	Turkey
country of citizenship	Yong Fujun (simplified Chinese: 永富军; traditional Chinese: 永富軍; pinyin: Yǒng Fùjūn; born February 15, 1981 in Shaanxi) is an archer from the People's Republic of China.	Yong Fujun	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Filip Remunda (b. 1973 in Czechoslovakia, today Czech Republic) is a Czech film director, cinematographer and producer.	Filip Remunda	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Maria Orsola Bussone was a young woman from Vallo Torinese, Piedmont, Italy, who was declared a Servant of God in December 2000.	Maria Orsola Bussone	Italy
country of citizenship	Estelle Girda Beere (23 July 1875--20 September 1959) was a New Zealand dancing teacher.	Estelle Girda Beere	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Tomasz Czubak (born December 16, 1973) is a former 400 metres runner from Poland.	Tomasz Czubak	Poland
country of citizenship	Datuk Noraini Ahmad (7 November 1967) is a Malaysian politician and the Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Parit Sulong constituency in the state of Johor.	Noraini Ahmad	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Jockum Nordström was born December 19, 1963 in Sweden in a family with two brothers and one sister.	Jockum Nordström	Sweden
country of citizenship	Jahar Dasgupta, (born 1942) is an eminent and contemporary painter from 21st century India.	Jahar Dasgupta	India
country of citizenship	George-Frédéric-Théophile Baillairgé (16 October 1824 -- 7 December 1909) was from a family that traced its distinguished roots in Lower Canada to Jean Baillairgé.	George-Frédéric-Théophile Baillairgé	Canada
country of citizenship	Paul Rusesabagina (Kinyarwanda: (ɾusesɑβaɟinɑ); born 10 June 1952) is a Rwandan humanitarian who, while working as a hotel manager at the Hôtel des Mille Collines in Kigali, Rwanda, hid and protected 1,268 Hutu and Tutsi refugees from the interahamwe militia during the Rwandan Genocide.	Paul Rusesabagina	Rwanda
country of citizenship	Pope Urban II was a native of France.	Pope Urban II	France
country of citizenship	After Thomas Fantl was barred from working in 1957, he moved with his family to Germany, where Jan Fantl was raised.	Jan Fantl	Germany
country of citizenship	Henry de Cure (born 5 January 1993) is a wheelchair tennis player who lives in Glenelg North, South Australia.	Henry de Cure	Australia
country of citizenship	Paul David Devanandan(1901--1962), spelt also as P.D. Devanandan or Paul D. Devanandan, was an Indian Protestant theologian, ecumenist, and one of the notable pioneers in inter-religious dialogues in India.	Paul David Devanandan	India
country of citizenship	Kindzadza, real name Lev Greshilov (Russian: Лев Грешилов), is a dark psytrance music producer based in Moscow, Russia.	Kindzadza	Russia
country of citizenship	Léon Indenbaum was a Russian sculptor and artist (naturalized French), born on December 10, 1890 at Chavusy (Belarus), died September 29, 1981 in Opio (France).	Léon Indenbaum	France
country of citizenship	Gabi Luncă (born in 1938) is a Romani singer of urban lăutarească music from Romania, born in Vărbilău, Prahova County in Romania.	Gabi Luncă	Romania
country of citizenship	Patcharin Sooksai (Thai: พัชรินทร์ สุกใส; born November 29, 1981) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Patcharin Sooksai	Thailand
country of citizenship	Mercedes Chilla López (born January 19, 1980 in Jerez de la Frontera, Cádiz) is a javelin thrower from Spain.	Mercedes Chilla	Spain
country of citizenship	Haitham Simreen (born 1 January 1977) is a retired Jordanian footballer of Palestinian origin, who was a Defender for Al-Wehdat and the Jordan national football team.	Haitham Simreen	Jordan
country of citizenship	Aimee Chan (born 1 April 1981 in Toronto) or Chan Yan-mei (Traditional Chinese: 陳茵媺) is a Canadian actress based in Hong Kong.	Aimee Chan	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	David Gervasi (born 1 August 1983 in Poschiavo, Graubünden) is a decathlete from Switzerland.	David Gervasi	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Oscar Langone (born 30 March 1958) is an Argentinian former professional football player for Club Athletico Banfield in Argentina's Primera Division.	Oscar Langone	Argentina
country of citizenship	Joachim Garraud (born September 27, 1968, Nantes, France) is a French DJ, but he is also a remixer and producer.	Joachim Garraud	France
country of citizenship	Homar Rojas Villarreal (born February 16, 1964 in Santiago, Nuevo León, Mexico) is a former player and a manager in Minor League Baseball.	Homar Rojas	Mexico
country of citizenship	Louise Pitre (born January 1, 1957) is an actress in musical theatre on Broadway and in Canada.	Louise Pitre	Canada
country of citizenship	David McComb was born in Perth, Australia on 17 February 1962, the youngest of four boys.	David McComb	Australia
country of citizenship	The error has been made by some of confounding Conrad of Saxony with another person of the same name who suffered for the Faith in 1284, whereas it is certain that they were two distinct individuals, though belonging to the same province of the order in Germany.	Conrad of Saxony	Germany
country of citizenship	Italo Gardoni (12 March 1821 -- 26 March 1882) was a leading operatic tenore di grazia singer from Italy who enjoyed a major international career during the middle decades of the 19th century.	Italo Gardoni	Italy
country of citizenship	Ángel Magaña (August 24, 1915 -- November 13, 1982) was an Argentine film actor who appeared in some of Argentina's notable films of the 1930s, 1940s and 1950s.	Ángel Magaña	Argentina
country of citizenship	Ehrenfried Patzel (Czech: Čestmír Patzel) (born 2 December 1914; died 8 March 2004 in New York) was an Ethnic German football player from Czechoslovakia.	Ehrenfried Patzel	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Marie-Laure Norindr (born 17 June 1991, in Paris, France), also known as Kayane, is a French electronic sports player and journalist.	Kayane	France
country of citizenship	Fábio César Montezine (Arabic: فابيو سيزار مونتيزإني‎; born February 24, 1979 in Londrina, Brazil) is a naturalized Qatari football player who is currently playing for Umm Salal in the Qatari league and for the Qatar national football team.	Fábio César Montezine	Brazil
country of citizenship	Rafael Bastos Hocsman, better known as Rafinha Bastos (born December 5, 1976 in Porto Alegre, Brazil), his stage name, is a Jewish Brazilian comedian, actor, journalist and television personality.	Rafinha Bastos	Brazil
country of citizenship	Éric Diard (born 21 July 1965 in Marseille) was a member of the National Assembly of France between 2002 and 2012.	Éric Diard	France
country of citizenship	Magali Messac, a European/American ballet dancer, was born and raised in the south of France, where she received her early training from Olga and Henry Taneeff.	Magali Messac	France
country of citizenship	Ruwan Ranatunga (20-10-1971) is a Sri Lankan politician, a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.	Ruwan Ranatunga	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Karl Kriebel was born in Metz (February 26, 1888), in Alsace-Lorraine, which was then part of Germany.	Karl Kriebel	Germany
country of citizenship	Riona Hazuki (葉月里緒奈 Hazuki Riona), born Mai Yamada (山田麻衣 Yamada Mai, born on July 11, 1975 in Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese actress.	Riona Hazuki	Japan
country of citizenship	Francisco Villanueva (born September 24, 1985 in Tepic, Nayarit, Mexico) is a Mexican boxer in the Light Middleweight division and is the former WBC Mundo Hispano Light Middleweight Champion.	Francisco Villanueva	Mexico
country of citizenship	John of Montson (Juan de Monzón) (born at Monzón, Spain; c. 1340 -- after 1412) was an Aragonese Dominican theologian and controversialist.	John of Montson	Spain
country of citizenship	Marcus Gjøe Rosenkrantz was born at Vigvoll, Tveit near Kristiansand, Norway.	Marcus Gjøe Rosenkrantz	Norway
country of citizenship	Folke Rydén, born 17 September 1958 in Uppsala, Sweden is a Swedish journalist and filmmaker.	Folke Rydén	Sweden
country of citizenship	Peter van der Fluit (born 1963) is a musician, composer, writer, producer, and business person from Auckland, New Zealand.	Peter van der Fluit	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Madame Patricia Shanil Muluzi MP (born Patricia Fukila) is the former First Lady of Malawi and wife of former President Bakili Muluzi.	Patricia Shanil Muluzi	Malawi
country of citizenship	Ursula King is a Paralympic swimmer from Australia.	Ursula King	Australia
country of citizenship	Charles Begg (c.1825--21 December 1874) was a New Zealand piano manufacturer, piano tuner and music shop proprietor.	Charles Begg	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hoàng Diệu is venerated alongside Nguyễn Tri Phương by the Vietnamese people as loyal subjects who sacrificed themselves for Vietnam.	Hoàng Diệu	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Nana Hedin, also known as Na Na and Nana d'Aquini, is a Swedish singer born May 24, 1968 in Eskilstuna, Södermanland County, Sweden.	Nana Hedin	Sweden
country of citizenship	Jascha Lieberman Trio is a klezmer band from Kraków, Poland, formed in 1995.	Jascha Lieberman	Poland
country of citizenship	The Di Giovine clan, headed by Maria Serraino, a cousin of Paolo Serraino, and her son Emilio Di Giovine were active in arms and drug trafficking in Milan, in northern Italy.	Paolo Serraino	Italy
country of citizenship	Ólafur Friðrik Magnússon (born 3 August 1952) is a former mayor of Reykjavík, Iceland.	Ólafur Friðrik Magnússon	Iceland
country of citizenship	Mary Agnes Canty (22 March 1879 -- 6 October 1950) was a New Zealand catholic nun, teacher and nursing school matron.	Mary Agnes Canty	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Paola Rojas (born November 20, 1976) is a Mexico City television news anchor.	Paola Rojas	Mexico
country of citizenship	Kade Poki (born 17 January 1988 in Blenheim, New Zealand) is a rugby union player who plays for the Kubota Spears in the Japanese Top League.	Kade Poki	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Igor Siqueira Pessanha or simply Igor (born 14 June 1988 in Campos dos Goytacazes, Rio de Janeiro state) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a striker for Santo André in Brazil.	Igor Siqueira Pessanha	Brazil
country of citizenship	Anthony of Kiev (c. 983-1073) was a monk and the founder of the monastic tradition in the Kievan Rus'.	Anthony of Kiev	Kievan Rus
country of citizenship	Jaime Bermúdez Merizalde (born c. 1966) is a Colombian lawyer and diplomat who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs of Colombia from 2008 to 2010.	Jaime Bermúdez	Colombia
country of citizenship	Tansey Coetzee (born 8 October 1984) is a South African model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss South Africa 2007, and later represented South Africa in Miss Universe 2008 in Nha Trang, Vietnam, where she placed among the top 15 semifinalists.Tansey Coetzee attended Allen Glen High School in Roodepoort, Johannesburg.	Tansey Coetzee	South Africa
country of citizenship	Jeremy Peter Allen (born 1968 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian film director and screenwriter.	Jeremy Peter Allen	Canada
country of citizenship	Ghasem Haddadifar (Persian: قاسم حدادی‌فر‎‎; born July 12, 1983) is an Iranian footballer who plays for Zob Ahan in the Iran Pro League.	Ghasem Haddadifar	Iran
country of citizenship	Luisa Vehil (November 12, 1912, Montevideo, Uruguay -- October 24, 1991, Buenos Aires, Argentina) was an Uruguayan theater and movie actress who had a notable career in Argentina.	Luisa Vehil	Argentina
country of citizenship	Algérie, Espagne, France, Grèce, Hongrie, Italie, Pays arabes, Yougoslavie, études présentées par Robert Castel, Jean-Claude Passeron, Paris - La Haye, Mouton, `` Cahiers du Centre de sociologie européenne '', 4, 1967.	Jean-Claude Passeron	France
country of citizenship	Kyabazinga Henry Wako Muloki OBE (February 18, 1921 -- September 1, 2008) was the Ugandan Kyabazinga of Busoga, the title given to the ruler of the Kingdom of Busoga, a traditional kingdom within Uganda.	Henry Wako Muloki	Uganda
country of citizenship	Eerik Kumari (7 March 1912 -- 8 January 1984; born as Erik Mathias Sits) was a doctor of biology, the founder of ornithology and nature conservation in Estonia, the learned director of the Institute of Zoology and Botany at the Estonian Academy of Sciences during 1952-1977.	Eerik Kumari	Estonia
country of citizenship	Previous to her run for local elections, Teuta Arifi served as Deputy Prime Minister of the Government of the Republic of Macedonia in charge of European Affairs.	Teuta Arifi	Macedonia
country of citizenship	Sylvain Chauveau (born 1971) is a critically acclaimed instrumental music and electronic music artist and composer from Bayonne, France.	Sylvain Chauveau	France
country of citizenship	Bonaventure Patrick Paul† (26 March 1929, Karachi - 18 January 2007) was a former Bishop of Hyderabad, Pakistan.	Bonaventure Patrick Paul	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Annette Frier (born 22 January 1974 in Cologne, Germany) is a German actress and comedian.	Annette Frier	Germany
country of citizenship	Brooke Duff is a New Zealand recording artist and songwriter.	Brooke Duff	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Michał Łopaczewski (born May 2, 1989 in Poland) is a Polish motorcycle speedway rider who was a member of Poland U-19 national team.	Michał Łopaczewski	Poland
country of citizenship	Di Brandt grew up in Reinland, a traditionalist Mennonite farming village in southern Manitoba, Canada, which she left at the age of seventeen.	Di Brandt	Canada
country of citizenship	Tony Muréna (born 1917, died 1970) was an Italian-born Musette accordionist and jazz composer who lived and worked in France.	Tony Muréna	France
country of citizenship	Andrew Stroud (born 31 December 1967) is a retired champion New Zealand motorcycle racer.	Andrew Stroud	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Snehal Bhatkar (real name Vasudev Gangaram Bhatkar), was a well known Hindi and Marathi film music composer from Mumbai, India.	Snehal Bhatkar	India
country of citizenship	Hatsuhiko Tsuji (辻 発彦, born October 24, 1958 in Saga, Japan) was a professional baseball player for the Seibu Lions in Nippon Professional Baseball.	Hatsuhiko Tsuji	Japan
country of citizenship	Sergio Vodanović (1926--2001) was a lawyer, journalist, dramatist and television writer from Chile of Croatian ancestry.	Sergio Vodanović	Chile
country of citizenship	Alekh Patra ( 1 July 1923 - 17 November 1999) was a prominent leader of Indian nationalism in British-ruled India.	Alekh Patra	India
country of citizenship	Mehmed Talaat Pasha (Ottoman Turkish: محمد طلعت پاشا‎; Turkish: Mehmet Talât Paşa; 1874 -- 15 March 1921), commonly known as Talaat Pasha, was one of the triumvirate known as the Three Pashas that de facto ruled the Ottoman Empire during the First World War.	Talaat Pasha	Ottoman Empire
country of citizenship	Jean Nicot was born in 1530 in Nîmes, in the south of France.	Jean Nicot	France
country of citizenship	Anwarul Iqbal, BPM (Bar), PPM (1 October 1950 -- 15 January 2015) was an Adviser of 2007-2009 interim Caretaker Government of Bangladesh.	Anwarul Iqbal	Bangladesh
country of citizenship	Norbert Busè was raised in Erbach im Odenwald, Germany.	Norbert Busè	Germany
country of citizenship	Togba-Nah Tipoteh (born 1941 in Monrovia, Liberia) is an economist, educator and politician, having been a presidential candidate in three elections.	Togba-Nah Tipoteh	Liberia
country of citizenship	Ravishankar Puvendran (born 26 January 1964 in Colombo, Sri Lanka) usually known as Ravi Puvendran is a Canadian cricket player.	Ravishankar Puvendran	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Manuel Poggiali (Italian pronunciation: (ˈmanuel podˈdʒali); born February 14, 1983) is a Grand Prix motorcycle road racing World Champion from San Marino.	Manuel Poggiali	San Marino
country of citizenship	A controversial TV documentary on radical feminism in Sweden titled The Gender War, which was aired in 2005, generated debate on Eva Lundgren's work in both Sweden and Norway.	Eva Lundgren	Norway
country of citizenship	Francisco del Rosario Sánchez (March 9, 1817 -- July 4, 1861) was a politician and founding father of the Dominican Republic.	Francisco del Rosario Sánchez	Dominican Republic
country of citizenship	Marie-Sophie Germain was born on 1 April 1776, in Paris, France, in a house on Rue Saint-Denis.	Sophie Germain	France
country of citizenship	Freddy Herbrand (born 1 June 1944 Malmedy, Belgium) is a former Belgian decathlete.	Freddy Herbrand	Belgium
country of citizenship	Nojus Bartaška, also known as Bartas (born June 26, 1996 in Kaunas, Lithuania), is a singer-songwriter who supported Lithuania in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2010.	Nojus Bartaška	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Armando Manzo Ponce (born 16 October 1958 in Mexico D.F.) is a retired Mexican footballer, who last played for CF Monterrey of the Primera División de México.	Armando Manzo	Mexico
country of citizenship	Ivan Glišić (Serbian Cyrillic: Иван Глишић; born 1942) is an intellectual, writer, artist, journalist and song-writer who achieved prominence both in Serbia and across the former Yugoslavia.	Ivan Glišić	Serbia
country of citizenship	Alfred Needler was instrumental in establishing research for estimating large migratory marine fish populations from small samples, as well as making contributions toward Canada's participation in the International Commission for the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries (ICNAF) and later chairing the new international convention that established the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries Organization (NAFO).	Alfred Needler	Canada
country of citizenship	Vanessa Show (born 1945 in La Banda, Argentina) is a transsexual performer.	Vanessa Show	Argentina
country of citizenship	Suresh Peters is a music director and playback rapper/singer for films in India whose notable songs include ``Chikku Bukku Rayile'' from Gentleman and ``Style'' from the film Sivaji:	Suresh Peters	India
country of citizenship	Enrico Castellani (born August 4, 1930), one of Italy's most influential artists, is an Italian painter associated with the zero movement and Azimuth.	Enrico Castellani	Italy
country of citizenship	Lodewijk van Ludick or Lodewijck van Ludick (November 11, 1629 -- December 22, 1724) was a landscape painter from the Northern Netherlands.	Lodewijck van Ludick	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Asser Mbai (born 1950 in Otjiwarongo) is a Namibian politician who has been President of the National Unity Democratic Organization (NUDO) since 2014, and a member of the National Assembly of Namibia since 2005.	Asser Mbai	Namibia
country of citizenship	Derek Leask (born 1948) is a New Zealand diplomat, since March 2008 the High Commissioner from New Zealand to the United Kingdom, and concurrently accredited as Ambassador to Ireland and High Commissioner to Nigeria.	Derek Leask	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Omar Tayara Rodríguez (born August 13, 1979 in Madrid) is a Spanish-born aquathlete and triathlete, who trains and holds a dual citizenship with Syria.	Omar Tayara	Syria
country of citizenship	Christos Apostolidis (Greek: Χρήστος Αποστολίδης; born in 1952 in Vathi, Kilkis, Greece), is a former Greek footballer (wing back) and coach.	Christos Apostolidis	Greece
country of citizenship	During the winter break of the 2010-11 season, Sergio Zijler decided to accept a move out of Netherlands and join Croatian side HNK Rijeka.	Sergio Zijler	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Dr. Muffazal Lakdawala is an obesity surgeon in India.	Muffazal Lakdawala	India
country of citizenship	Nebojša Bakočević (Serbian: Небојша Бакочевић; born 15 February 1965, Belgrade, Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian actor.	Nebojša Bakočević	Serbia
country of citizenship	In Denmark, David Owe is also noted for roles in the TV series 2900 Happiness, the movie The Lost Treasure of the Knights Templar II, and for winning the second season of the Danish version of Dancing with the Stars.	David Owe	Denmark
country of citizenship	Savithri Lakshmanan is an Indian National Congress politician from Thrissur in Kerala state, India.	Savithri Lakshmanan	India
country of citizenship	Cristhia Michelle Cuevas Herrera (born November 27, 1980 in Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico) competed in the national pageant Nuestra Belleza Mexico 2002, representing Baja California, the state in which she was raised.	Cristhia Michelle Cuevas Herrera	Mexico
country of citizenship	Marios Pashialis (Greek: Μάριος Πασιαλής; born October 30, 1970) is a former international Cypriot football defender who played for Ethnikos Achnas of Cyprus.	Marios Pashialis	Cyprus
country of citizenship	Olowe of Ise (born circa 1875, died circa 1938) is considered by Western art historians and collectors to be the most or one of the most important 20th century artist of the Yoruba people of what is today Nigeria, Africa.	Olowe of Ise	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Benjamin Tonks (1832--1884) was a 19th-century Mayor and Member of Parliament in Auckland, New Zealand.	Benjamin Tonks	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Osmundus (Osmund, Asmund, Emund) was a clergyman favoured by Emund the Old, the king of Sweden in the mid-11th century.	Osmundus	Sweden
country of citizenship	Kevaughn Connell (born 23 July 1983 in Port-of-Spain, Trinidad and Tobago), is a professional footballer from Trinidad and Tobago.	Kevaughn Connell	Trinidad and Tobago
country of citizenship	Maleke Moye Idowu (born 14 February 1979) is a Nigerian comedian, Executive Director to Edo State Governor on Entertainment and the PMAN (Performing Musician Employers Association Of Nigeria) chairman Edo State Chaptermusician, director, actor, and writer from Edo State, Nigeria.	Maleke	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Amit Guluzade (Azerbaijani: Amit Quluzadə); (born 20 November 1992) is an Azerbaijani football player football player who plays for Sumgayit FK and Azerbaijan national football team.	Amit Guluzade	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	José Luis Luege Tamargo (born November 9, 1953, in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican politician and bureaucrat.	José Luis Luege Tamargo	Mexico
country of citizenship	Anton Bernhardt Julius Lemmer (c.1871--17 September 1957) was a New Zealand music school director and conductor.	Anton Bernhardt Julius Lemmer	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Victor Hubinon was born in Angleur (Now a part of Liège), Belgium in 1924.	Victor Hubinon	Belgium
country of citizenship	Kemal Mešić (born 4 August 1985 in Rogatica) is a shot putter and discus thrower from Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kemal Mešić	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	René Fernández Apaza was born in Padilla, Bolivia ordained a priest on November 28, 1948.	René Fernández Apaza	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Edward Shortland (1812--1893) was a New Zealand doctor, administrator, scholar and linguist.	Edward Shortland	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Maria Camila O'Gorman (1827/1828 -- 18 August 1848) was a socialite in 19th century Argentina who was executed over a scandal involving her relationship with a Roman Catholic priest.	Camila O'Gorman	Argentina
country of citizenship	Cecilio Madanes (Ukraine, 2 December 1921 - Buenos Aires, Argentina, 1 April 2000) was a Ukrainian theater director, set designer, and producer.	Cecilio Madanes	Argentina
country of citizenship	Gusztáv Juhász or Guștav Iuhași (born 11 December 1911 in Temesvár, at the time in Austria-Hungary (now in Romania) - deceased 20 January 2003 in New York, USA) was a Romanian football player and coach of Hungarian origin.	Gusztáv Juhász	Romania
country of citizenship	Amir Schelach (born 11 July 1970) is a former Israeli footballer who represented the Israel national football team 85 times.	Amir Schelach	Israel
country of citizenship	Mohammad Gholamin Noveirsari (Persian: محمد غلامین ‎‎, born 11 February 1986 in Bandar-e Anzali, Iran) is an Iranian football player.	Mohammad Gholamin	Iran
country of citizenship	Georgios Gennadios (Greek: Γεώργιος Γεννάδιος, 1784--1854) was a Greek man of letters who helped considerably in the foundation of some of the first educational establishments of modern Greece.	Georgios Gennadios	Greece
country of citizenship	August Sabac el Cher was an early Afro-German who had at least one descendant in 21st century Germany.	August Sabac el Cher	Germany
country of citizenship	Gabriel Schanche Kielland (4 March 1760 -- 5 March 1821) was a businessman and ship owner in the city of Stavanger in Norway.	Gabriel Schanche Kielland	Norway
country of citizenship	Ravindra Samaraweera (or Ravi Samaraweera) is a Sri Lankan politician, the current state minister of Labor and Trade Union Relations member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.	Ravindra Samaraweera	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Ravshan Bozorov (born 10 May 1968) is a former footballer and trainer from Uzbekistan.	Ravshan Bozorov	Uzbekistan
country of citizenship	Thomas Lorenzo (born 11 January 1964 in Wollongong, New South Wales, Australia) is a musician: guitarist, composer, producer and music theorist	Thomas Lorenzo	Australia
country of citizenship	Dr. Praveen Chandra is a leading Indian Cardiologist and Chairman of Interventional Cardiology at Medanta - The Medicity, Gurgaon, India.	Praveen Chandra	India
country of citizenship	Kala Keerthi Sybil Wettasinghe is a veteran children's book writer and an illustrator in Sri Lanka.	Sybil Wettasinghe	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Eugenio Méndez (born 23 November 1941) is a Chilean former football winger who played professionally in Chile, Mexico, Ecuador and Bolivia.	Eugenio Méndez	Chile
country of citizenship	Sabine von Maydell (b. 9 October 1955 in Baden-Baden, Germany) is a German television actress.	Sabine von Maydell	Germany
country of citizenship	André de Gouveia returned to Portugal at the invitation of King John III, accompanied by a group of foreign teachers, to head the new College of the Arts in Coimbra.	André de Gouveia	Portugal
country of citizenship	Jason McGuinness (born on 8 August 1982 in Dublin) is an Irish footballer, currently playing for St Patrick's Athletic in the League of Ireland.	Jason McGuinness	Ireland
country of citizenship	On February 24, 2014, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of the People's Republic of China announced in one of its publications that Li Dongsheng had been removed from his post as deputy director of the Public Security Bureau.	Li Dongsheng	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Darko Krsteski played two games for Macedonia national football team.	Darko Krsteski	Macedonia
country of citizenship	Joaquín Bernardo Calvo Rosales (1799--1865) Joaquin Bernardo Calvo Rosales was a Costa Rican politician, born in Cartago, Costa Rica, in 1799.	Joaquín Bernardo Calvo Rosales	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Maher El-Beheiry (Arabic: ماهر البحيري‎) was President of the Supreme Constitutional Court of Egypt.	Maher El-Beheiry	Egypt
country of citizenship	John Wesley Brien (born November 24, 1864 in Victoria County, Canada West-died January 11, 1949) was a Canadian politician and physician.	John Wesley Brien	Canada
country of citizenship	Antonio Rodríguez Ferrer (August 23, 1864 in Havana, Cuba -- October 22, 1935 in Havana, Cuba) was a Cuban composer and band conductor.	Antonio Rodríguez Ferrer	Cuba
country of citizenship	Živko Radišić (Serbian Cyrillic: Живко Радишић, pronounced (ʒîːʋko rǎdiʃit͡ɕ); born 15 August 1937) is a Bosnian Serb politician and former Chairman of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Živko Radišić	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Lorenzo Baraldi studied at the faculty of set design of the Istituto d'Arte Paolo Toschi in Parma, Italy, and attended the set decoration classes of the Accademia di Belle Arti di Brera in Milan.	Lorenzo Baraldi	Italy
country of citizenship	Harry Allwright (1836/1837 -- 18 July 1892) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament in Canterbury, New Zealand.	Harry Allwright	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Dorian Baxter (born 3 April 1950 in Mombasa Island, Kenya) is an Anglican priest in Newmarket, Ontario, Canada who uses the music of Elvis Presley in his services, using the name ``The Reverend Elvis Priestly''.	Dorian Baxter	Canada
country of citizenship	Lin Yi-hsiung (traditional Chinese: 林義雄; simplified Chinese: 林义雄; pinyin: Lín Yìxióng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Lîm Gī-hiông; born August 24, 1941) is a politician from Taiwan.	Lin Yi-hsiung	Taiwan
country of citizenship	Kamala Sohonie was not the first Indian woman to get a PhD in the sciences- E.K.Janaki Amma ( who became Director General of the Botanical Survey of India) got her PhD in 1930 while Kamala Bhagwat got her degree in the late 30s.	Kamala Sohonie	India
country of citizenship	Ananga Udaya Singh Deo, also known as A U Singh Deo is a politician from Odisha, India.	Ananga Udaya Singh Deo	India
country of citizenship	Sami Farag Youssef (September 1, 1935 -- February 21, 2015) was an Egyptian lawyer, judge, prosecutor and Vice-President of the Supreme Constitutional Court of Egypt.	Sami Farag	Egypt
country of citizenship	The productions by Lee ``Scratch'' Perry were collected together for George Faith's debut album, To Be a Lover, also released in Jamaica under the title Super Eight.	George Faith	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Costanzo began his career as a journalist, and in the late 1970s appeared in several television shows, before creating his most famous show, The Maurizio Costanzo Show, currently the most important and longest-lasting talk show in Italy.	Maurizio Costanzo	Italy
country of citizenship	Shirley Erena Murray (born 31 March 1931) is a New Zealand hymn lyrics writer.	Shirley Erena Murray	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Koutarou Adachi, better known under his stage name DJ Koutarou.A, is a House music and Techno musicproducer from Japan who lives in Tokyo.	DJ Koutarou.A	Japan
country of citizenship	Wutt Hmone Shwe Yi (Burmese: ဝတ်မှုန်ရွှေရည်, pronounced: (wʊʔ m̥òʊɴ ʃwè jì), sometimes anglicized as Wut Hmone Shwe Yi; born on 10 August 1988) is a Myanmar Academy Awarded film actress and advertising model in Myanmar.	Wutt Hmone Shwe Yi	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Emperor Gong of Jin (simplified Chinese: 晋恭帝; traditional Chinese: 晉恭帝; pinyin: Jìn Gōng Dì; Wade--Giles: Chin Kung-ti; 386--421) was last emperor of the Eastern Jin Dynasty (265-420) in China.	Emperor Gong of Jin	China
country of citizenship	Hamid Sourian Reihanpour (Persian: حمید سوریان ریحان‌پور‎‎, was born in August 24, 1985 in Rey, Iran) is an Iranian wrestler from Tehran province.	Hamid Sourian	Iran
country of citizenship	Bhagwan Sahay, OBE (February 15, 1905 -- December 6, 1986) was the Governor of Kerala, India, from February 6, 1966 to May 15, 1967.	Bhagwan Sahay	India
country of citizenship	Duilio was chosen by broadcaster SRG SSR to represent Switzerland in the 39th Eurovision Song Contest with the song ``Sto pregando'' (``I'm Praying'').	Duilio	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Henry Wilding (20 August 1844, Stepney, London --1916) was a notable New Zealand banker, timber miller, farmer, broker and social reformer.	Henry Wilding	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Amar Dongol (Nepali: अमर डंगोल) is a Nepali striker who currently plays for Ranipokhari Corner Team and the Nepal national team.	Amar Dongol	Nepal
country of citizenship	Mantak Chia (Chinese: 謝明德, Pinyin: Xiè Míngdé, born April 24, 1944 in Bangkok, Thailand) is a Taoist Master.	Mantak Chia	Thailand
country of citizenship	Samantha Warriner (born 1 August 1971) is a triathlete who represents New Zealand in triathlons ranging from sprint distance up to the Half Ironman distance.	Samantha Warriner	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Valerie Pedro (16 November 1976 -- 25 March 2007) was a weightlifter who competed internationally for Palau.	Valerie Pedro	Palau
country of citizenship	Prince Hachijō Toshihito (八条宮 智仁親王 Hachijō-no-miya Toshihito3; February 1579 -- 29 May 1629) was a court noble of Japan during the Sengoku Period.	Prince Hachijō Toshihito	Japan
country of citizenship	Ana Porgras (born 18 December 1993 in Galați, Romania) is a former Romanian artistic gymnast.	Ana Porgras	Romania
country of citizenship	Jean Nkuete (born 1944) is a Cameroonian politician and economist who has been Secretary-General of the Central Committee of the Cameroon People's Democratic Movement (RDPC), the ruling political party in Cameroon, since 2011.	Jean Nkuete	Cameroon
country of citizenship	Alain Roca Borrero (born September 7, 1976 in Havana, Ciudad de la Habana) is a volleyball player from Cuba.	Alain Roca	Cuba
country of citizenship	Ablahad Afraim Sawa is a member of the National Assembly of Iraq who was elected on the Kurdistani Alliance slate.	Ablahad Afraim Sawa	Iraq
country of citizenship	Abdu Kiar (Amharic: አብዱ ኪያር; born June 23, 1976 in Addis Merkato, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia) is an artist in Ethiopian music.	Abdu Kiar	Ethiopia
country of citizenship	Natividad Abascal y Romero-Toro (Spanish pronunciation: (natiβiˈðað aβaˈskal i roˈmeɾo ˈtoɾo)) (formerly, The Duchess of Feria; born 2 April 1943, in Seville, Spain), more commonly known as Nati Abascal ((ˈnati aβaˈskal)), is a Spanish socialite and a former fashion model.	Nati Abascal	Spain
country of citizenship	The Revelation album has sold over 600,000 copies, making Damares become known in Brazil and abroad.	Damares	Brazil
country of citizenship	Cibelle Cavalli Bastos was born in São Paulo, Brazil, 2 January 1978, and now resides in East London, UK.	Cibelle	Brazil
country of citizenship	A member of the House of Amboise, Louis d'Amboise was born in the Kingdom of France, ca.	Louis d'Amboise	France
country of citizenship	Petra Vlhová (born 13 June 1995) is a World Cup alpine ski racer from Slovakia who specializes in the technical events of slalom and giant slalom.	Petra Vlhová	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Agata Zubel (born 1978 in Wrocław, Poland) is a Polish composer and singer.	Agata Zubel	Poland
country of citizenship	Tonio Fenech (born 5 May 1969) is a Maltese politician who has served in the government of Malta as Minister of Finance, Economy and Investment (Maltese: Ministru għall-Finanzi, l-Ekonomija u l-Investiment) from March 2008 till March 2013.	Tonio Fenech	Malta
country of citizenship	Remo Mancini (born May 26, 1951) is a businessman and former politician in Ontario, Canada.	Remo Mancini	Canada
country of citizenship	Dr. Lilli Nielsen (née Reker) (b. December 21, 1926, Rønne, Bornholm; † June 24, 2013, Kolding, Denmark) was a Danish psychologist in the field of teaching blind children and those with multiple disabilities.	Lilli Nielsen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Damien Brown (born 12 January 1975 in Gosford, New South Wales, Australia) is an Australian former football (soccer) player and former school teacher.	Damien Brown	Australia
country of citizenship	Lupita Ferrer (born: Maracaibo, Venezuela, December 6, 1947) is a Venezuelan theater, film and television actress.	Lupita Ferrer	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Jean-Louis Triaud (born November 22, 1949, in Bordeaux, France) is the current president of FC Girondins de Bordeaux.	Jean-Louis Triaud	France
country of citizenship	Fares Maakaroun, (born October 12, 1940 in Rayak (Riyaq), Lebanon) was an Archbishop of the Melkite Greek Catholic Eparchy of Nossa Senhora do Paraíso em São Paulo in Brazil from 1999 to 2014, when presented his apostolic resignation.	Fares Maakaroun	Lebanon	Brazil
country of citizenship	Peter Eigen (born June 11, 1938 in Augsburg, Germany) founded the Advisory Council of Transparency International (TI), a non-governmental organization promoting transparency and accountability in international development since 1993.	Peter Eigen	Germany
country of citizenship	Linda Bassett (born 4 February 1950) is an English actress, who is well known in the United Kingdom for her film career.	Linda Bassett	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	There are also schools in Ecuador named after Numa Pompilio Llona.	Numa Pompilio Llona	Ecuador
country of citizenship	Héctor Fajardo Navarrete (born November 16, 1970, in Sahuayo, Michoacán, Mexico) is a former Mexican major league baseball player.	Héctor Fajardo	Mexico
country of citizenship	Kalimuddin Shams (13 February 1939 -- 4 March 2013) was an Indian politician, belonging to the All India Forward Bloc.	Kalimuddin Shams	India
country of citizenship	Théodore Simon worked at multiple hospitals throughout France, including Sainte-Anne and Dury-les-Amiens.	Théodore Simon	France
country of citizenship	For several years, João Baião was one of the most recognizable faces of SIC, but in late 2000 he went out of the channel and joined Channel 1 of the Rádio e Televisão de Portugal (RTP).	João Baião	Portugal
country of citizenship	At the age of 15, Aranza moved to Mexico City to fulfill her dream of becoming a professional singer with the help of Televisa, the most important network in the country.	Aranza	Mexico
country of citizenship	Manouchehr Boroumand (Persian: منوچهر برومند ‎‎, born 26 March 1934 in Babolsar) is a retired Iranian weightlifter and an Asian Games Gold medalist for Iran.	Manouchehr Boroumand	Iran
country of citizenship	Olivier-Maximin Melanson (July 2, 1854 -- July 7, 1926) was an Acadian businessman and politician in the Province of New Brunswick, Canada.	Olivier-Maximin Melanson	Canada
country of citizenship	Georg Michaelis (8 September 1857 -- 24 July 1936) was Chancellor of Germany for a few months in 1917.	Georg Michaelis	Germany
country of citizenship	Jean-Philippe Dehon (born June 6, 1956 in Sebourg, France) is a retired French football player and manager.	Jean-Philippe Dehon	France
country of citizenship	Salad Ali Jelle (Somali: Salaad Cali Jeelle) is the Deputy Minister of Defense of the Transitional Federal Government (TFG) of the Republic of Somalia.	Salad Ali Jelle	Somalia
country of citizenship	Alessandro Faria (born June 7, 1978 in Porto Alegre, Brazil), known simply as Bill, is a naturalized Togolese football striker, who plays for Cometa in Brazil.	Alessandro Faria	Brazil
country of citizenship	Anna Jullienne Kermode (born 7 November 1982) is a New Zealand actress, best known for her role as Nurse Maia Jeffries in the television series Shortland Street.	Anna Jullienne	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Tomas Dy-Liacco (born Nov. 12, 1920 in Naga City, Camarines Sur, Philippines) is a Filipino electrical engineer, researcher, and developer often referred to as the father of modern energy control centers.	Tomas Dy-Liacco	Philippines
country of citizenship	Fernando Teodoro Valadés Lejarza, (Mazatlán, Sinaloa, April 1, 1920 - Mexico City, December 14, 1978) was a Mexican composer, pianist and singer, best known as Fernando Valades.	Fernando Valades	Mexico
country of citizenship	Jakob Ammann was born on February 12, 1644, in Erlenbach im Simmental, Canton of Bern, Switzerland, to Michael and Anna (née Rupp) Ammann.	Jakob Ammann	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Hugo Fernández Faingold (born 1 March 1947) is a Uruguayan political figure, who served as Vice President of Uruguay.	Hugo Fernández Faingold	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Robert Edwin Bush (11 October 1855 -- 29 December 1939) was a first-class cricketer for Gloucestershire County Cricket Club from 1874 to 1877, and from 1890 to 1893 was a member of Western Australia's first Legislative Council under responsible government.	Robert Edwin Bush	Australia
country of citizenship	Neil Berkett is a New Zealand-born England-based businessperson.	Neil Berkett	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hoàng Minh Tâm (born 28 October 1990) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Central Midfielder for V-League (Vietnam) club SHB Đà Nẵng F.C. and Vietnam national football team.	Hoàng Minh Tâm	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Eiza González Reyna (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈeisa ɣonˈsales); born 30 January 1990 in Caborca, Sonora, Mexico) is a Mexican actress and singer.	Eiza González	Mexico
country of citizenship	Alejandro Romualdo (December 19, 1926 Trujillo, Peru -- May 27, 2008 Lima, Peru) was a Peruvian poet of the 20th century.	Alejandro Romualdo	Peru
country of citizenship	Yana Churikova (Russian: Яна Алексеевна Чурикова; born 6 November 1978) is a Russian journalist and television host who worked on MTV Russia before moving to Channel One, where she hosted seven seasons of the Star Factory show.	Yana Churikova	Russia
country of citizenship	Kristian Wåhlin (born 1971 in Gothenburg, Sweden) is a Swedish musician, graphic designer, and album cover artist for many bands in the extreme metal scene worldwide.	Kristian Wåhlin	Sweden
country of citizenship	Chezidek (born Desbert Johnson, 1973, Saint Ann Parish, Jamaica) is a roots reggae singer.	Chezidek	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Kristina Pardalos (born 14 October 1973) is a San Marino judge born in New York, United States of America and currently the judge of the European Court of Human Rights in respect of San Marino.	Kristina Pardalos	San Marino
country of citizenship	Valerian Stan (born 1955 in Sascut, Bacău County, Romania) is a military officer, human rights activist and civil servant.	Valerian Stan	Romania
country of citizenship	Han Soo-yeon was born in South Korea, and moved with her mother and sister to Budapest, Hungary in 1990, where her mother wanted to study classical singing at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music.	Han Soo-yeon	South Korea
country of citizenship	Christoph Korn (born 1965 in Frankfurt am Main, Germany) is a German audio and media artist working with diverse artistic forms of expression:	Christoph Korn	Germany
country of citizenship	Ali bin Abdullah Al Thani (Arabic: علي بن عبد الله بن جاسم بن محمد آل ثاني‎ ``Ali bin Abdullah bin Jassim bin Mohammed Al Thani''), KBE (5 June 1895 -- 31 August 1974) was the Emir of Qatar.	Ali bin Abdullah Al Thani	Qatar
country of citizenship	Fernando Velázquez Vigil (born Havana, Cuba; May 13, 1950) is a Cuban artist specialising in ceramics and painting.	Fernando Velázquez Vigil	Cuba
country of citizenship	From the 1960s onwards it has erroneusly been asserted that Bertrand de Blanchefort was related to a family of the same name located near Rennes-le-Château This erroneus assertion was first discredited in France in 1984.	Bertrand de Blanchefort	France
country of citizenship	Răzvan Avram (born 12 September 1986 in Bucharest, Romania) is a Romanian footballer currently under contract with Liga II side Brașov.	Răzvan Avram	Romania
country of citizenship	Daniela Keller (born April 16, 1985 in Schachen-Reute, Switzerland) is a Swiss ice dancer.	Daniela Keller	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Robin Hyde (19 January 1906 -- 23 August 1939) is one of New Zealand's major poets.	Robin Hyde	New Zealand
country of citizenship	The funky lounge sound of Carsten Bohn's soundtrack music for children's audio story books from the 1970s and 1980s has been has long been a hit in Germany.	Carsten Bohn	Germany
country of citizenship	Enrico Coveri (1952 -- 8 December 1990) was an Italian fashion designer and entrepreneur from Prato, Italy.	Enrico Coveri	Italy
country of citizenship	Siegfried Saloman (born 2 October 1816 in Tønder, Denmark -- died on 22 July 1899 in Dalarö, Sweden) was a Danish violinist and composer.	Siegfried Saloman	Denmark
country of citizenship	Esmaeil Farhadi (Persian: اسماعیل فرهادی‎‎, born July 26, 1982, Iran) is an Iranian football player who currently plays for Giti Pasand in Azadegan League.	Esmaeil Farhadi	Iran
country of citizenship	Pedro Gómez Valderrama (13 February 1923 -- 7 May 1992) was a Colombian lawyer, writer and career diplomat, who served as the 1st Ambassador of Colombia to the Soviet Union and as Ambassador of Colombia to Spain.	Pedro Gómez Valderrama	Colombia
country of citizenship	Aimé Boucher (born July 23, 1877 in Pierreville, Quebec, Canada-died September 9, 1946) was a politician and notary.	Aimé Boucher	Canada
country of citizenship	Kendra Santacruz (born July 24, 1989 in Cuernavaca, Morelos, Mexico), is a Mexican television actress.	Kendra Santacruz	Mexico
country of citizenship	Nabi Avcı (born 8 October 1953, Demirköy, Pazaryeri, Bilecik, Turkey) is a Turkish academic, writer and politician, former chief advisor to the Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.	Nabi Avcı	Turkey
country of citizenship	Erling Dekke Næss was born in Bergen, Norway and was son of Ragnar Næss, a businessman and banker.	Erling Dekke Næss	Norway
country of citizenship	Born at San Ginesio, Scipione Gentili left Italy at the age of 16 when he had to emigrate together with his father and his brother Alberico due to their Protestant beliefs.	Scipione Gentili	Italy
country of citizenship	Fred Magee (May 29, 1875--May 5, 1952) was an industrialist and political figure in New Brunswick, Canada.	Fred Magee	Canada
country of citizenship	Pascal Schumacher (born 1979) is a Luxembourg jazz musician, composer and percussionist who has founded a number of groups including the Pascal Schumacher Quartet.	Pascal Schumacher	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Jason Godin (born January 21, 1993) is the mayor of Maisonnette, New Brunswick in Canada.	Jason Godin	Canada
country of citizenship	Raharuhi Rukupo (c. 1800s -- 29 September 1873) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader and carver.	Raharuhi Rukupo	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Nikolaos Georgiadis (Greek: Νικόλαος Γεωργιάδης; born 23 March 1983) is a Greek footballer who plays for Aris in the Football League 2 (Greece), as a Right Midfielder.	Nikolaos Georgiadis	Greece
country of citizenship	Dieter Dierks (Hans-Dieter Dierks) born 9 February 1943 in Stommeln, Germany is a musician, sound engineer, producer, music publisher and studio owner.	Dieter Dierks	Germany
country of citizenship	Maria Xaveria Perucona or Parruccona (Novara, c. 1652 - after 1709 in Galliate) was a nun composer in 17th Century Italy.	Maria Xaveria Perucona	Italy
country of citizenship	James Drummond MacGregor (1759--1830) was an abolitionist and Presbyterian minister from Nova Scotia, Canada.	James Drummond MacGregor	Canada
country of citizenship	Javier Ruibal was born in El Puerto de Santa María, province of Cadiz in southern Spain.	Javier Ruibal	Spain
country of citizenship	Eliza Roszkowska Öberg (born 3 February 1978) is a Polish-Swedish political figure who, in 2008, was elected to Sweden's Parliament, the Riksdag.	Eliza Roszkowska Öberg	Sweden
country of citizenship	Nicole Rieu (born 16 May 1949, Chaumont, Haute-Marne) is a French singer, best known outside France for her participation in the 1975 Eurovision Song Contest.	Nicole Rieu	France
country of citizenship	Wolfgang Weingart (born 1941 in Constance at the northern foot of the Alps in southern Germany) is an internationally known graphic designer and typographer.	Wolfgang Weingart	Germany
country of citizenship	Jörg Vogel, PhD, (born 1 April 1967 in Cottbus, Germany) is a German scientist in the field of RNA biology.	Jörg Vogel	Germany
country of citizenship	Ezequiel Fernández Jaén (3 March 1886 in Penonomé - 26 March 1946) was Second Vice President of Panama from 1936 to 1939 and in that capacity also acting President of Panama from December 16, 1939 to December 18, 1939.	Ezequiel Fernández	Panama
country of citizenship	Ilaria Tocchini (born August 4, 1967 in Livorno) is a retired butterfly swimmer from Italy, who represented her native country in three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1988.	Ilaria Tocchini	Italy
country of citizenship	Hemi Potatau (20 May 1904 -- 18 January 1994) was a New Zealand Presbyterian minister, soldier, writer.	Hemi Potatau	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Teddy Chan or Teddy Chen Tak Sum (陳德森) is a Hong Kong film director, producer, writer and actor.	Teddy Chan	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Ronny van Es (born 22 May 1978 in Velsen, Netherlands) is a Dutch footballer, who currently plays for AFC in the Dutch Topklasse.	Ronny van Es	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Harry Louis Moffatt (1839--20 May 1913) was a notable New Zealand sailor, goldminer, storekeeper, wharfinger and writer.	Harry Louis Moffatt	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Petru Hadârcă (born May 8, 1963 in Sângerei) is a director and actor from Moldova.	Petru Hadârcă	Moldova
country of citizenship	Ngapiki Hakaraia (4 May 1888--9 November 1969) was a New Zealand religious founder.	Ngapiki Hakaraia	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Allan Amin is an action director in India's Bollywood, Tollywood and Mollywood film industries.	Allan Amin	India
country of citizenship	Janos Delacruz was from, and currently lives in, Muntinlupa City, Philippines.	Janos Delacruz	Philippines
country of citizenship	Xeniades (Greek: Ξενιάδης) was the name of two people from Corinth who lived in the time of Ancient Greece:	Xeniades	Corinth
country of citizenship	Man Mohan Adhikari (Nepali: मन मोहन अधिकारी June 1920 -- April 26, 1999) was the 31st Prime Minister of Nepal from 1994 to 1995, representing the Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist).	Man Mohan Adhikari	Nepal
country of citizenship	Gökhan Birben, (born Rize, Turkey), is a Hamsheni singer and artist.	Gökhan Birben	Turkey
country of citizenship	Mario Torelli (born May 12, 1937 in Rome, Italy) is a contemporary scholar of Italic archaeology and the culture of the Etruscans.	Mario Torelli	Italy
country of citizenship	Vigleik Storaas (born 2 February 1963 in Bergen, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz pianist and composer, and the younger brother of composer and bassist Gaute Storaas.	Vigleik Storaas	Norway
country of citizenship	Carmen Sánchez de Bustamante Calvo was born in 1891 in La Paz, Bolivia to Daniel Sánchez de Bustamante Vásquez-Bru and Cármen Calvo Molina.	Carmen Sánchez de Bustamante Calvo	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Mental Overdrive is Per Martinsen (born 31 July 1966), an electronic music artist from Tromsø, Norway.	Mental Overdrive	Norway
country of citizenship	Ghada Amer (Arabic: غادة عامر‎, born 1963 in Cairo, Egypt) is a contemporary artist living and working in New York City.	Ghada Amer	Egypt
country of citizenship	He is the father of Marcelo Mendieta (Jnr), journalist and author based in Buenos Aires and of María Esther Beatriz Ventecol, lawyer, of San Salvador de Jujuy, Jujuy, Argentina.	Marcelo Mendieta	Argentina
country of citizenship	Born in Courbevoie, France to a wealthy family, Jacques Henri Lartigue started taking photographs when he was seven.	Jacques Henri Lartigue	France
country of citizenship	Lopamudra Bhattacharji (Devanagari: लोपामुद्रा भात्ताचार्ज; born 31 January 1960) is a former Test and One Day International cricketer who represented India.	Lopamudra Bhattacharji	India
country of citizenship	Władysław Niegolewski (1819, in Włościejewki -- 1885) was a Polish liberal politician and member of parliament, insurgent in Greater Poland Uprising 1846, Greater Poland Uprising 1848 and January Uprising 1863, cofounder of Central Economic Society (TCL) in 1861 and People's Libraries Society (CTG) in 1880.	Władysław Niegolewski	Poland
country of citizenship	Silvia Giner Vergara (born in Seville, Andalusia, Spain, 31 December 1980) is a Spanish actress.	Silvia Giner	Spain
country of citizenship	Leila Abashidze made her screen debut as a child alongside legendary Nato Vachnadze in Kajana (1941), but it was the hit romantic comedy called The Dragonfly (1954) which made her very popular throughout the Soviet Union and Europe.	Leila Abashidze	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Jorge Mester (born April 10, 1935, Mexico City) is a Mexican conductor of Hungarian ancestry.	Jorge Mester	Mexico
country of citizenship	Prateep Ungsongtham Hata (Thai: ประทีป อึ้งทรงธรรม ฮาตะ; rtgs: Prathip Uengsongtham; born 9 August 1952) is a Thai activist noted for her work with slum dwellers in the Khlong Toei District of Bangkok, Thailand.	Prateep Ungsongtham Hata	Thailand
country of citizenship	Litterateur and parliamentarian Shankar Dayal Singh (Hindi: डा० शंकर दयाल सिंह) was twice elected to the Parliament of India.	Shankar Dayal Singh	India
country of citizenship	Ahmet Türk (born 2 July 1942 in Derik, Mardin Province, Turkey) is a Kurdish nationalist politician in Turkey.	Ahmet Türk	Turkey
country of citizenship	Jesper Tydén (born August 9, 1975) is a stage actor and singer from Stockholm, Sweden.	Jesper Tydén	Sweden
country of citizenship	Damien Dovy (born March 31, 1966 in Vitry-sur-Seine, France) is a French karateka who won multiple medals at Karate's top Competitions the European Karate Championships and World Karate Championships.	Damien Dovy	France
country of citizenship	William Bateman-Hanbury, 1st Baron Bateman of Shobdon (24 June 1780 -- 22 July 1845) was a Member of Parliament and later a Baron in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.	William Bateman-Hanbury, 1st Baron Bateman	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Liam Buckley (born 14 April 1960 in Dublin), is an Irish former professional football player and current manager of League of Ireland side St.Patrick's Athletic.	Liam Buckley	Ireland
country of citizenship	Marta Pizarro Véliz was a prominent Chilean educator who devoted most of her pedagogical career investigating, recommending and improving standards in elementary education in Chile and in Latin America.	Marta Pizarro Véliz	Chile
country of citizenship	Zacharias Heyns (1566 -- 1630) was a Netherlands printer and engraver from the Northern Netherlands.	Zacharias Heyns	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Michał Witkowski (born 17 January 1975, in Wrocław, Poland) is a Polish homosexual novelist.	Michał Witkowski	Poland
country of citizenship	Eva Dell'Acqua was born in 1856 in Brussels, Belgium, the daughter of the Italian painter Cesare Dell'Acqua and his wife Carolina van der Elst.	Eva Dell'Acqua	Belgium
country of citizenship	Nicolas Princen, born in 1984 in Rennes, France, was the technical advisor of French President Nicolas Sarkozy from 2007 to 2012.	Nicolas Princen	France
country of citizenship	Born in Breda, Netherlands in 1956, Maurits van Rooijen attended the Onze-Lieve-Vrouwe lyceum (gymnasium beta) and studied at Utrecht University.	Maurits van Rooijen	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Régis Guyot is born on 12 March 1949 in Versailles, Yvelines, Île-de-France.	Régis Guyot	France
country of citizenship	Since May 2012, Pieter Timmermans is CEO of the Federation of Belgian Enterprises and since 27 May 2013 he is a regent of the National Bank of Belgium.	Pieter Timmermans	Belgium
country of citizenship	Tanja Dexters (born 6 February 1977 in Mol, Antwerp, Belgium) was crowned Miss Belgium 1998 and represented her country at Miss Universe 1999 and Miss World 1998.	Tanja Dexters	Belgium
country of citizenship	Dora Alonso (born Doralina de la Caridad Alonso-Perez on December 22, 1910 in Maximo Gomez, Matanzas, Cuba -- March 21, 2001 in Cuba) was a Cuban journalist and writer who worked in both print and radio.	Dora Alonso	Cuba
country of citizenship	Einar Jónsson (May 11, 1874 -- October 18, 1954) was an Icelandic sculptor, born in Galtafell, a farm in southern Iceland.	Einar Jónsson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Peter Sommer Christensen (born Skanderborg, Denmark on 28 August 1974) is a Danish singer and songwriter.	Peter Sommer	Denmark
country of citizenship	Barbara Mensing (born 23 September 1960 in Herten, North Rhine-Westphalia) is an archer from Germany.	Barbara Mensing	Germany
country of citizenship	Milko Kelemen was born in Slatina, Croatia (then Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes).	Milko Kelemen	Croatia
country of citizenship	Bayinnaung Kyawhtin Nawrahta (ဘုရင့်နောင် ကျော်ထင်နော်ရထာ (bəjɪ̰ɴ nàʊɴ tɕɔ̀ tʰɪ̀ɴ nɔ̀jətʰà); Thai: บุเรงนองกะยอดินนรธา, rtgs: Burengnong Kayodin Noratha; 16 January 1516 -- 10 October 1581) was king of Toungoo Dynasty of Burma (Myanmar) from 1550 to 1581.	Bayinnaung	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Bernardino Varisco was born on April 20, 1850 in Chiari, a commune in the province of Brescia, in Lombardy, northern Italy.	Bernardino Varisco	Italy
country of citizenship	Leonie Schaller (b. 1978 in Pinnenberg, Germany) is a professional saxophonist.	Leonie Schaller	Germany
country of citizenship	Robert Rønnes (born 1959 in Horten, Norway) is a Norwegian classical bassoonist.	Robert Rønnes	Norway
country of citizenship	Oni Hasan (born 1 August 1985) is a renown celebrity, guitarist and composer from Dhaka, Bangladesh.	Oni Hasan	Bangladesh
country of citizenship	Frank Hoffmeister, born 9 October 1965, is a former backstroke swimmer from West Germany.	Frank Hoffmeister	Germany
country of citizenship	Chatuphum Chinnawong (Thai: จตุภูมิ ชินวงศ์; born 19 July 1993 in Nakhon Ratchasima, Thailand) is a Thai weightlifter competing in the 77 kg category.	Chatuphum Chinnawong	Thailand
country of citizenship	Noam Zylberman (born June 30, 1973 in Haifa, Israel) is a voice actor best known for the voice of Split Kit from Garbage Pail Kids and also the voice of Bentley Raccoon in the popular animated series The Raccoons from 1987 to 1990.	Noam Zylberman	Israel
country of citizenship	Andrea Alessi (Albanian: Andrea Aleksi, Croatian: Andrija Aleši, 1425--1505) was a Venetian Dalmatian architect and sculptor born in Durazzo (Albania), considered one of the most distinguished artists of Dalmatia.	Andrea Alessi	Albania
country of citizenship	Michael Duut (born 22 January 1990) is a Dutch light heavyweight kickboxer from the Netherlands.	Michael Duut	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Hubert Österle (born 1949 in Austria) is Emeritus Professor of Business and Information Systems, former director of the Institute of Information Management at the University of St. Gallen, and president of the board of directors of the Business Engineering Institute St. Gallen AG.	Hubert Österle	Austria
country of citizenship	Nikita Sergeyevich Khrushchev (April 15 (O.S. April 3) 1894 -- September 11, 1971) was a politician who led the Soviet Union during part of the Cold War.	Nikita Sergeyevich Khrushchev	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Marzia Basel (born 1968) is a former judge in Afghanistan.	Marzia Basel	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Anna Sofia Helena Källgren, known as Sofia Källgren (born 17 August 1970, Högsbo, Sweden), is a Swedish singer.	Sofia Källgren	Sweden
country of citizenship	Leon de Winter was born on 24 February 1954 in Den Bosch, in the southern Netherlands.	Leon de Winter	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Guillermo Lora (31 October 1922 -- 17 May 2009) was a Trotskyist leader in Bolivia who was active in the Revolutionary Workers' Party (POR) from the early 1940s and was its best known leader.	Guillermo Lora	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Else Hansen (Cathrine Marie Mahs Hansen), known as Madam Hansen, later ennobled as de Hansen (1720 -- 4 September 1784), was the royal Danish mistress of king Frederick V of Denmark.	Else Hansen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Brigadier General William Kinsey Bolton CBE, VD (2 November 1861 -- 8 September 1941) was an Australian soldier, politician and a founding member of the Returned Sailors and Soldiers Imperial League of Australia (RSSILA), forerunner of the present Returned and Services League of Australia.	William Kinsey Bolton	Australia
country of citizenship	Prasanna Shamal Senarath is the Opposition Leader North Western Province, Sri Lanka and the United National Party (UNP) Kurunegala District Leader.	Prasanna Shamal Senarath	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Elham Hamidi (Persian: الهام حمیدی‎‎,was born in Tehran, Iran on 30, September 1977) is an Iranian actress.	Elham Hamidi	Iran
country of citizenship	Sarah Isabella McElligott (28 November 1883--8 February 1986) was a New Zealand cook and fruit-stall holder.	Sarah Isabella McElligott	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Adolphe Marcoux (October 29, 1884 -- September 10, 1951) was a physician and a nationalist politician in Quebec, Canada.	Adolphe Marcoux	Canada
country of citizenship	Nana William Ofori Atta (10 October 1910 -- 14 July 1988), popularly called ``Paa Willie'', was a founding member of the United Gold Coast Convention and was one of ``The Big Six'' detained by the British colonial government in Ghana (then Gold Coast).	William Ofori Atta	Ghana
country of citizenship	Russel Wong (Chinese: 黄国基; pinyin: Huáng Guójī, born 1961) is a Singapore-born Hollywood celebrity photographer.	Russel Wong	Singapore
country of citizenship	Konstantin Airich (born 4 November 1978) is a Kazakh-born German heavyweight boxer born in Astana, Kazakhstan and based in Hamburg, Germany.	Konstantin Airich	Germany
country of citizenship	A singer, songwriter, comedian, and dramatist, Buddy Wasisname is the stage name of Kevin Blackmore, a Canadian performer from Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Buddy Wasisname	Canada
country of citizenship	William Dow Duncan (11 June 1892 -- 14 December 1961) was a New Zealand rugby player.	William Dow Duncan	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Narayanapala (855--908) was the sixth emperor of the Pala dynasty of eastern India, mainly the Bengal and Bihar regions.	Narayanapala	India
country of citizenship	Kunika has conducted, organised and participated in over 100 stage shows in India and around the world.	Kunika	India
country of citizenship	James Boag II (1854--1919) was the son of James Boag I, and co-proprietor of J. Boag & Sons, owner of the Boag's Brewery in Launceston, Tasmania, Australia.	James Boag II	Australia
country of citizenship	Erik Robert Jimmy Jansson (born September 17, 1985 in Hagfors, Sweden) is a Swedish singer and songwriter.	Jimmy Jansson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Walter Pettit Tricker (1823--1907) was a notable New Zealand farmer, soldier and victim of injustice.	Walter Pettit Tricker	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Salomon-Léon Sarluis, known as Léonard Sarluis, (born The Hague, 21 October 1874 - died France, 1949) was a naturalised French Symbolist painter.	Léonard Sarluis	France
country of citizenship	Laurens van den Acker (born 5 September 1965, Deurne, North Brabant) is an automobile designer from the Netherlands.	Laurens van den Acker	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Ali Sa'ad Birnin-Kudu is a Muslim barrister and former governor of Jigawa State, northern Nigeria.	Ali Sa'ad Birnin-Kudu	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Jun Mitsui (born 1955 in Iwakuni, Yamaguchi, Japan) is a Japanese architect known for designing high-rise buildings and high-end retail buildings in Japan and other countries.	Jun Mitsui	Japan
country of citizenship	In October 2012, Joe Atlan was called to play in a national TV talent show similar to America's Got Talent but in Spain He performed Chopin's Fantaisie-Impromptu.	Joe Atlan	Spain
country of citizenship	Veronika Fitz (b. March 27, 1936 in Dießen am Ammersee, Germany) is a German television actress.	Veronika Fitz	Germany
country of citizenship	Mónica Noguera Flores (born February 27, 1971 in Mexico City) is a Mexican television personality.	Mónica Noguera	Mexico
country of citizenship	Apostolia Zoi () is a popular Greek singer who was born in Volos, Greece.	Apostolia Zoi	Greece
country of citizenship	Dr. María de Lourdes Dieck-Assad is a Mexican economist who has held positions in academia, an international organization, government and business, including professorships in the United States and Mexico as well as serving as Mexico's ambassador to Belgium, Luxembourg and the institutions of the European Union from 2004 to 2007.	María de Lourdes Dieck-Assad	Mexico
country of citizenship	Wiesław Ochman recorded 31 vinyl records, most of them in Poland.	Wiesław Ochman	Poland
country of citizenship	Gerhoh of Reichersberg (b. at Polling 1093; d. at Reichersberg, 27 June 1169) was one of the most distinguished theologians of Germany in the twelfth century.	Gerhoh of Reichersberg	Germany
country of citizenship	Matías García (born November 11, 1980 in Mendoza, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing in Boca Unidos of the Primera B Nacional in Argentina.	Matías García	Argentina
country of citizenship	Manuel Lopes was born on December 23, 1907 in Mindelo on the island of São Vicente, Cape Verde, which was then a territory of Portugal.	Manuel Lopes	Cape Verde
country of citizenship	Gérard Kango Ouédraogo (19 September 1925 -- 1 July 2014) served as Prime Minister of Upper Volta (now Burkina Faso) from 13 February 1971 to 8 February 1974.	Gérard Kango Ouédraogo	Burkina Faso
country of citizenship	José Antonio Sossa is a Panamanian politician who served as Attorney General of Panama under President Mireya Moscoso.	José Antonio Sossa	Panama
country of citizenship	Mohammad Abubakar Durrani (Pashto: محمد ابوبکر درانی‎; born 28 December 1995 in Quetta Balochistan Pakistan) is a Pakistani canoeist.	Mohammad Abubakar Durrani	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Martim Afonso Chichorro II or Martin Alfonso de Sousa (1280-?) was a rich Portuguese nobleman at the Court of his uncle Denis of Portugal.	Martim Afonso Chichorro II	Portugal
country of citizenship	Dale Warrander (born 8 September 1973) is a New Zealand long distance runner.	Dale Warrander	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Charles Bisengimana Rukira is the current Inspector General of the Congolese National Police of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Charles Bisengimana	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Bob Mable was a member of the rebel sides that played against the New Zealand 'All Golds' in 1907, and was later awarded life membership in the New South Wales Rugby League for the role that he played in the series that was instrumental in the birth of rugby league in Australia.	Bob Mable	Australia
country of citizenship	Willem Vink (born 1931 in Schiedam, South Holland, Netherlands) is a Dutch botanist.	Willem Vink	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Borghild Holmsen was born in Kråkstad (now Ski), Akershus, Norway.	Borghild Holmsen	Norway
country of citizenship	Kirill Turichenko (Russian: Кирилл Туриченко) or Kyrylo Turychenko (Ukrainian: Кирило Туриченко) was born January 13, 1983 in Odessa, Ukraine.	Kirill Turichenko	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Stefan Nystrom was a long-time resident of Australia who was deported to Sweden in controversial circumstances in 2006.	Stefan Nystrom	Australia
country of citizenship	Lassina Paré (born 27 August 1964) is a retired Burkinabé football referee who currently resides in Burkina Faso.	Lassina Paré	Burkina Faso
country of citizenship	Moufid Abdelaziz Junior, (born 1980) commonly known as Moufid Aziz is a Brazilian model of Moroccan descent who lives in India.	Moufid Aziz	India
country of citizenship	Mickaël Miro (born in Lyon, France on 8 November 1978 as Mickaël Cohen) is a French singer-songwriter.	Mickaël Miro	France
country of citizenship	Jean-Marc Ferreri (born 26 December 1962 in Charlieu) is a former French footballer of Italian origin, who earned 37 caps and scored 3 goals for the France national football team.	Jean-Marc Ferreri	France
country of citizenship	According to the August Rodin Project, the ``Georges Petit exhibition sealed Rodin's position as France's premier sculptor and opened doors to collections and museums around the world.''	Georges Petit	France
country of citizenship	Karel Meulemans (b. Retie, Belgium, 3 February 1934) is a Belgian pigeon fancier.	Karel Meulemans	Belgium
country of citizenship	Fernando Londoño y Londoño (5 December 1910 -- 3 November 1994) was a Colombian lawyer and diplomat who served as the 3rd Permanent Representative of Colombia to the United Nations, the 1st Ambassador of Colombia to France, Ambassador of Colombia to Brazil, and Minister of Foreign Affairs of Colombia.	Fernando Londoño y Londoño	Colombia
country of citizenship	Hidayat Nur Wahid (born in Klaten, Central Java on 8 April 1960) was the Speaker of Indonesia People's Consultative Assembly (Majelis Permusyawaratan Rakyat/MPR) for the 2004--2009 period.	Hidayat Nur Wahid	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Ollom Fotla (``the scholar of Fódla'', a poetic term for Ireland; later spelled Ollamh Fodhla), son of Fíachu Fínscothach, was, according to medieval Irish legend and historical tradition, a High King of Ireland.	Ollom Fotla	Ireland
country of citizenship	Lars Dietrich (born Amsterdam, Netherlands) is a Dutch saxophonist, composer and electronic musician who has been based in New York City and Amsterdam.	Lars Dietrich	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Dilian Francisca Toro Torres (born 6 January 1959) is a Colombian physician and politician, she served as Senator of Colombia from 2002 to 2013.	Dilian Francisca Toro	Colombia
country of citizenship	Erwin-Josef Speckmann (born April 25, 1939 in Münster, Germany) is a German neuroscientist and artist.	Erwin-Josef Speckmann	Germany
country of citizenship	Aurelio De Felice (b. Torre Orsina, Terni, Italy on October 29, 1915; d. Torre Orsina, Terni, Italy on June 14, 1996) was an Italian sculptor.	Aurelio De Felice	Italy
country of citizenship	Patricia Laura Te Waikapoata Hond (31 March 1927--18 November 1989) was a New Zealand tribal leader, teacher, soldier, policewoman, educationalist and community worker.	Patricia Laura Te Waikapoata Hond	New Zealand
country of citizenship	John Hutcheson (1853--1940) was a Member of Parliament in New Zealand, initially for the Liberal Party.	John Hutcheson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Abayomi Adebayo Barber is a Nigerian contemporary artist who is the mentor of the Abayomi Barber Art School in Lagos, Nigeria.	Abayomi Barber	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Wolfgang Ratz (born January 12, 1959 in Bilbao, Spain) is an Austrian writer and singer-songwriter.	Wolfgang Ratz	Spain
country of citizenship	Erik Solbakken (born 17 November 1984 in Hemsedal, Norway) is a Norwegian television presenter.	Erik Solbakken	Norway
country of citizenship	Rita Connolly is a Dublin-born singer who has lived and worked in Ireland.	Rita Connolly	Ireland
country of citizenship	Klaas Annink (June 18, 1710 -- September 13, 1775), better known as Huttenkloas, was a notorious Dutch serial killer in Twente, Netherlands.	Klaas Annink	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Jean de Venette, or Jean Fillons (c. 1307 -- c. 1370) was a French Carmelite friar, from Venette, Oise, who became the Prior of the Carmelite monastery in the Place Maubert, Paris, and was a Provincial Superior of France from 1341 to 1366.	Jean de Venette	France
country of citizenship	Danna Paola Rivera Munguía (born 23 June 1995 in Mexico City), better known as Danna Paola, is a Mexican singer, actress, model, fashion designer and recording artist.	Danna Paola	Mexico
country of citizenship	Robert C. Murdoch (3 February 1861 Wangaratta, Victoria, Australia - 11 November 1923) was a malacologist in New Zealand.	Robert C. Murdoch	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Olivier Burri (born 4 September 1963 in Hazebrouck, Switzerland) is a rally driver who has competed in the World Rally Championship on various occasions since 1991, almost exclusively at the Monte Carlo Rally.	Olivier Burri	Switzerland
country of citizenship	In May 2007 the Bulgarian national under-21 coach Aleksandar Stankov called Aleksandar Sabev up for Bulgaria national under-21 football team for a match with Montenegro national under-21 football team.	Aleksandar Sabev	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Mil Máscaras (born Aaron Rodríguez, July 15, 1942) is one of the original ``Big Three'' of the lucha libre tradition in Mexico (the other two being El Santo and Blue Demon).	Mil Máscaras	Mexico
country of citizenship	Paintings and graphics by Anna Kostrova reside in the State Russian Museum, in Art Museums and private collections in the Russia, Germane, Finland, and others.	Anna Kostrova	Russia
country of citizenship	Skinz is a Danish singer of Somalian descent and signed to Universal Music Denmark.	Skinz	Denmark
country of citizenship	Lenzman (real name Teije van Vliet) is a drum & bass producer from Amsterdam, Netherlands who is signed to Metalheadz.	Lenzman	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Laakkad Abdelhadi (born 27 April 1977) is a professional soccer player from Morocco.	Laakkad Abdelhadi	Morocco
country of citizenship	Billy Pontoni, (born 1954) or Guillermo García, joined the Pedro Morales Pino conservatory in his hometown Cartago, Colombia as a child.	Billy Pontoni	Colombia
country of citizenship	Turki I bin Abdulaziz Al Saud (Arabic: تركي الأول بن عبد العزيز آل سعود‎, Turkī l-ʾAwwal bin ʿAbd al-ʿAzīz Āl Saʿūd) (1900--1919) was the eldest son of King Abdulaziz of Saudi Arabia.	Turki I bin Abdulaziz Al Saud	Saudi Arabia
country of citizenship	Herr Seele, the pseudonym of Peter van Heirseele (Torhout, Belgium, April 13, 1959), is a Flemish cartoonist, author, actor, piano tuner and piano collector.	Herr Seele	Belgium
country of citizenship	Angelique Sabrina (born February 7, 1998) is a singer, songwriter, dancer, actress and performer from The Bahamas.	Angelique Sabrina	The Bahamas
country of citizenship	Syed Imad Wasim, known as Imad Wasim, (born 18 December 1988) is a cricketer who played in the 2006 U-19 Cricket World Cup for Pakistan and has also played first-class, List A cricket and Twenty20 cricket in Pakistan.	Imad Wasim	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Jamie Brittain (born 14 August 1985 in Edinburgh, Scotland) is a Scottish TV writer and actor.	Jamie Brittain	Scotland
country of citizenship	Sven Epiney (born on 14 January 1972 in Naters, Switzerland) is a famous Swiss TV presenter, radio host and editor, who works for SF DRS and DRS3 television channels in Switzerland.	Sven Epiney	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Born in Montbéliard, France, Sébastien Pan gained experience writing music for motion pictures, animated TV series and TV commercials at Imaginex Studios, an international award winning audio post-production house.	Sébastien Pan	France
country of citizenship	Mikiel'Ang Grima (also known as Michel'Angelo Grima) (15 September 1729 -- 25 August 1798) was a Maltese surgeon during the times of the Knights of Malta.	Mikiel'Ang Grima	Malta
country of citizenship	David Teviotdale (1870--1958) was a notable New Zealand farmer, bookseller, ethnological collector, archaeologist and museum director.	David Teviotdale	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Phùng Quang Thanh (born 2 February 1949) is Vietnam's minister of defense and is ranked as the No. 2 leader in the country's Communist Party.	Phùng Quang Thanh	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Trausti Valsson (born 7 January 1946 in Reykjavík, Iceland) is a registered architect and urban planner and a professor of planning, at the University of Iceland Department of Environmental and Civil Engineering.	Trausti Valsson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Mohsen Bengar (Persian: محسن بنگر‎‎, born 6 July 1979 in Noor) is an Iranian Football Defender who currently plays for Persepolis in Iran's Premier Football League.	Mohsen Bengar	Iran
country of citizenship	Sigrid Sköldberg-Pettersson, born 7 October 1870 in Stockholm, Sweden, dead 15 October 1941 in Oscar Parish, Stockholm, Sweden was a Swedish song lyricist.	Sigrid Sköldberg-Pettersson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Ismo Sajakorpi (b. 18 May 1944, Tampere, Finland) is a Finnish television writer, screen writer and television director.	Ismo Sajakorpi	Finland
country of citizenship	Aritz Aranburu Aspiazu (born August 30, 1985, Getaria, Gipuzkoa, Spain) is a Basque professional surfer.	Aritz Aranburu	Spain
country of citizenship	Srgjan Kerim (Macedonian: Срѓан Керим) was born December 12, 1948 in Skopje, Macedonia.	Srgjan Kerim	Macedonia
country of citizenship	Courtney Abbot (born 1989) is a New Zealand-born actress who is known for her lead role as Maxine on the New Zealand teen situation comedy Girl vs. Boy.	Courtney Abbot	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Manuel Garza Aldape (April 6, 1871 -- February 28, 1924) was a prominent attorney in Mexico City.	Manuel Garza Aldape	Mexico
country of citizenship	Supachai Koysub is an athlete and Paralympian from Thailand competing mainly in category T54 sprint events.	Supachai Koysub	Thailand
country of citizenship	Coryse Borg is a Maltese actress, director and writer, resident in Żebbuġ, Malta.	Coryse Borg	Malta
country of citizenship	Tin Maung was chairman of the Film Council (later, Myanmar Motion Picture Organization) from 1964 to 1966.	Tin Maung	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Hem Thon Vitiny (ហែម ថុនវិទិនី born 7 September 1993 in Phnom Penh, Cambodia) is a Cambodian swimmer.	Hem Thon Vitiny	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Samuel James Donaldson (March 12, 1856 -- March 14, 1926) was a farmer, rancher, police officer and political figure in Saskatchewan, Canada.	Samuel James Donaldson	Canada
country of citizenship	Born in Norway, Casper Oimoen immigrated to the United States in 1923 and settled near Minot, North Dakota.	Casper Oimoen	Norway
country of citizenship	Jürgen Schütz (July 1, 1939 -- March 19, 1995) was a German football player from Dortmund, Germany; he died of laryngeal cancer.	Jürgen Schütz	Germany
country of citizenship	Ulrich Gerard Lauts (Amsterdam, 19 May 1787 -- Utrecht, Netherlands, 25 July 1865), originally a merchant, later a teacher and professor of Dutch language and literature at the Museum for Science and Arts in Brussels and later at the Royal Naval Institute in Medemblik.	Ulrich Gerard Lauts	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Mikko Simula (born 1973, Helsinki) is a Finnish professional football player who is currently playing for the Veikkausliiga side Atlantis FC based in Helsinki in Finland.	Mikko Simula	Finland
country of citizenship	Stefano Alfonso (born 10 January 1968 in Este, Italy) was a speedway rider who raced for the Scottish Monarchs and Edinburgh Monarchs in the UK.	Stefano Alfonso	Italy
country of citizenship	Tony Laureano is a heavy metal drummer originally from Puerto Rico.	Tony Laureano	Puerto Rico
country of citizenship	Ginés González García (born 1945) is a medical doctor and was the Minister of Health and Environment of Argentina during the administrations of Presidents Eduardo Duhalde and Néstor Kirchner.	Ginés González García	Argentina
country of citizenship	Kym Tollenaere (born Queensland, Australia) is an Australian softball catcher who lives in Queensland, whom she represents in national competitions.	Kym Tollenaere	Australia
country of citizenship	Lex van Dam (born Drachten, Netherlands 1968) is a Dutch hedge fund manager, investor, and writer specialising in trading in equities, currencies and financial derivatives.	Lex van Dam	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Skevos Georges Zervos, also known as Skevos Zervos (Greek: Σκεύος Γεώργιος Ζερβός, 1875--1966) was a prominent Greek Professor; a pioneer surgeon in Transplants and Telemedicine, who became a local and national benefactor in Greece.	Skevos Zervos	Greece
country of citizenship	Helga Haase (née Obschernitzki, 9 June 1934 -- 16 June 1989) was a speed skater in East Germany.	Helga Haase	East Germany
country of citizenship	Fernando Clemente (1917--1998) was an architect and urbanist born in Sassari, Sardinia, Italy.	Fernando Clemente	Italy
country of citizenship	George Korngold (b. Vienna, Austria, December 17, 1928; d. Los Angeles, California, November 25, 1987) was a prominent record producer as well as a music editor and producer active within the film industry.	George Korngold	Austria
country of citizenship	Zhao Yi (1727-1814) was a poet, historian, and critic during the Qing Dynasty in China.	Zhao Yi	China
country of citizenship	Justin Bevis, (born 17 September 1996 in Sydney, Australia) better known as Justin Holborow, is an Australian actor, best known for his roles as Harley Canning in Eleven's Neighbours, Jack Stewart in Reef Doctors, and as Griff in the TV adaptation of Conspiracy 365.	Justin Holborow	Australia
country of citizenship	Ian Pope (born 1962) is an Olympic and national swimming coach from Australia.	Ian Pope	Australia
country of citizenship	Anthony Mathews (born 20 April 1987) is an Australian drummer and live sound engineer from Brisbane, Queensland, Australia	Anthony Mathews	Australia
country of citizenship	Stephanie Zammit was Miss World Malta in 2007 and represented Malta at the Miss World 2007 beauty pageant.	Stephanie Zammit	Malta
country of citizenship	Mats Engqvist is a football coach from Sweden.	Mats Engqvist	Sweden
country of citizenship	Alfred Dussaut (1850--1906) was the first Draughts World Champion from France.	Alfred Dussaut	France
country of citizenship	Alnur Mussayev (Kazakh: Әлнұр Мұсаев) was the former head of Kazakhstan's National Security Committee (KNB) under the tenure of President Nursultan Nazarbayev.	Alnur Mussayev	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	Jean-Claude Falmagne (born February 4, 1934, in Brussels, Belgium) is a mathematical psychologist whose scientific contributions deal with problems in reaction time theory, psychophysics, philosophy of science, measurement theory, decision theory, and educational technology.	Jean-Claude Falmagne	Belgium
country of citizenship	Jori Hulkkonen (born 28 September 1973), is a Finnish DJ and a producer of house music, originally from Kemi, Finland.	Jori Hulkkonen	Finland
country of citizenship	Robert Miśkowiak (born 21 November 1983 in Rawicz, Poland) is a Polish motorcycle speedway rider who has won the World Under-21 Championship.	Robert Miśkowiak	Poland
country of citizenship	Angélica Lagunas (born 26 May 1972) was a provincial deputy in Neuquén Province in Argentina.	Angélica Lagunas	Argentina
country of citizenship	Nam Gye-u (1811--1888) was a painter and a government officer in the late Joseon period.	Nam Gye-u	Joseon
country of citizenship	Vanessa Alexandra Mendoza Bustos (born 1981), better known simply as Vanessa Mendoza, is a Colombian actress and fashion model who held the Miss Colombia title in 2001, being the first Afro-Colombian to win that contest.	Vanessa Mendoza	Colombia
country of citizenship	Ahron Villena (born Roche Ahron Villena in March 4, 1987 in Brgy. San Jose Sico, Batangas City, Province of Batangas, Philippines) is a Filipino actor.	Ahron Villena	Philippines
country of citizenship	At the 2008 Junior World Orienteering Championships in Göteborg Kine Hallan Steiwer, together with Annette Baklid and Mariann Ulvestad, ran for second team of Norway and brought home a bronze medal in the relay.	Kine Hallan Steiwer	Norway
country of citizenship	Pandu Khade (born 1923 in Vadagon, Kolhapur District, Maharashtra, India -- died October 22, 1999 in Kolhapur) was an Indian jockey, considered to be one of the greatest jockeys that ever rode in India.	Pandu Khade	India
country of citizenship	Vijitha Berugoda is a Sri Lankan politician, a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka.	Vijitha Berugoda	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	He belongs to Republican Party of India and leads the Raja Dhale faction, after it split.	Raja Dhale	India
country of citizenship	Ken Mudford (17 April 1923 -- 17 May 2004) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from New Zealand.	Ken Mudford	New Zealand
country of citizenship	César Civita, born Cesare Civita (September 4, 1905 -- April 9, 2005), was an American publisher, who in 1936 became general manager of Arnoldo Mondadori Editore in Italy.	César Civita	Italy
country of citizenship	Theodosis Kyprou (born 24 February 1992 in Cyprus) is a Cypriot football striker who is currently playing for Aris Limassol, after leaving Kalloni at the end of the 2014 season.	Theodosis Kyprou	Cyprus
country of citizenship	Sibel Güler was interested in swimming before she immigrated to Turkey with her family in 1989.	Sibel Güler	Turkey
country of citizenship	Franco Caraccio (born 16 January 1987 in Chacabuco, Argentina) is an Argentine football striker, who currently plays for Potenza.	Franco Caraccio	Argentina
country of citizenship	Manal al-Sharif (Arabic: منال الشريف‎) is a women's rights activist from Saudi Arabia who helped start a women's right to drive campaign in 2011.	Manal al-Sharif	Saudi Arabia
country of citizenship	Freddy Flores Knistoff (also spelt Fredy) is a painter and writer born in Viña del Mar, Chile in 1948.	Freddy Flores Knistoff	Chile
country of citizenship	Jusman Syafii Djamal (Born in Langsa, East Aceh, Aceh, July 28, 1954, age 55 years) is the Minister of Transportation of Indonesia.	Jusman Syafii Djamal	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Marwan Khoury was born in Amchit, Lebanon into a Maronite Christian family, he is the third of five children born to Tanyous and Naseema Khoury.	Marwan Khoury	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Tina Nordström (born 6 August 1973 in Välluv, Skåne County) is a Swedish celebrity chef, television personality, and pitch lady from Helsingborg, Sweden.	Tina Nordström	Sweden
country of citizenship	Flora MacKenzie (1902--1982) was a New Zealand dress designer and brothel owner, based in Auckland for most of her life.	Flora MacKenzie	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Khojawahid Zahedi (born 5 June 1960) is a former Afghanistan wrestler, who competed at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the welterweight event.	Khojawahid Zahedi	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Datuk Teng Boon Soon (邓文村; born 30 August 1941) was the Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Tebrau constituency in Johor from 2004 to 2013.	Teng Boon Soon	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Frances Ondiviela (born Francisca Ondiviela Otero on May 19, 1965) is a Mexican actress who was born in Spain.	Frances Ondiviela	Spain
country of citizenship	Kristoffer Throndsen (c. 1500--1565), posthumously also with the family name Rustung, was a squire, admiral, feudal overlord in Norway and Denmark, privateer captain and pirate.	Kristoffer Throndsen	Norway
country of citizenship	Toni Milaqi (born 1974, Tirana, Albania ) is a contemporary artist (painter, draughtsman).	Toni Milaqi	Albania
country of citizenship	Pasupuleti Balaraju (born 12 June 1964) is an Indian politician and a legislator from Andhra Pradesh, India.	Pasupuleti Balaraju	India
country of citizenship	José Julio Mendoza López (born June 26, 1988, in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico) is a professional Mexican boxer.	José Julio Mendoza	Mexico
country of citizenship	Nam Le came to Australia from Vietnam with his parents, when he was less than a year old, as a boat refugee.	Nam Le	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Minerva Cuevas (born Mexico City, 1975) is a Mexican conceptual artist.	Minerva Cuevas	Mexico
country of citizenship	Mazlum Kayalar is a former member of the Grand National Assembly of Turkey representing the Democrat Party under Adnan Menderes.	Mazlum Kayalar	Turkey
country of citizenship	Towa Carson (actual name Birgit Rose-Marie Anlert, née Carlsson), born on 31 March 1936 in Eskilstuna, Sweden, is a Swedish schlager singer.	Towa Carson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Svetlana Tsys is a German beauty pageant titleholder crowned Miss Germany 2007.	Svetlana Tsys	Germany
country of citizenship	Silvia Navarro (born Silvia Angélica Navarro Barva on September 14, 1978 in Irapuato, Guanajuato, Mexico) is a Mexican actress of film, television, and theatre, primarily known for starring in several telenovelas.	Silvia Navarro	Mexico
country of citizenship	Anke-Eve Goldmann was a journalist for Cycle World, Das Motorrad in Germany, Moto Revue in France and other international motorcycle magazines.	Anke-Eve Goldmann	Germany
country of citizenship	He studied at St. George's College, Mussoorie, India, which produced 6 Olympic hockey player (Earnest and William Goodsir-Cullen, George Marthins, Michael Gateley, Lionel Emmett, and Carlyle Carrol Tapsell)	George Marthins	India
country of citizenship	Estian Calitz (born 23 May 1949) is the Executive Director of Finance and Professor of Economics at the University of Stellenbosch, South Africa since 2003.	Estian Calitz	South Africa
country of citizenship	Sonya Hardcastle (born 16 April 1972) is a New Zealand former international netball player.	Sonya Hardcastle	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Tanza Varela (born Constanza Andrea Varela De La Barra on 15 April 1991 in Temuco, Chile) is a Chilean actress and model who became known for her role on the telenovela Corazón Rebelde on Chile's Canal 13.	Tanza Varela	Chile
country of citizenship	Zoma Baitler (Šančiai, Lithuania 3 April 1908 -- Montevideo, Uruguay, 16 June 1994) was a Lithuanian-born Uruguayan artist and diplomat.	Zoma Baitler	Uruguay
country of citizenship	María Laura Espido Freire (her pen name is just her surnames Espido Freire) is a writer born in Bilbao, Spain on July 16, 1974.	Espido Freire	Spain
country of citizenship	Nathaniel Garcia is a Trinidad and Tobago association football player who plays for Central FC.	Nathaniel Garcia	Trinidad and Tobago
country of citizenship	Abdurrahim Karslı (born 10 December 1964) is a Turkish academic and politician who serves as the 1st leader of the Centre Party of Turkey since 7 July 2014.	Abdurrahim Karslı	Turkey
country of citizenship	Norma Bailey (born 1949, in Gimli, Manitoba, Canada) is a Canadian film director.	Norma Bailey	Canada
country of citizenship	Sharon van Essen (born 3 March 1981) is a former Dutch cyclist from Utrecht, the Netherlands.	Sharon van Essen	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Milica Ostojić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милица Остојић) (born October 16, 1991 in Belgrade, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian Olympic swimmer.	Milica Ostojić	Serbia
country of citizenship	Robert Simcox (born in Upland, Pennsylvania, United States of America in 1968) is a talk radio host and paranormal investigator.	Robert Simcox	United States of America
country of citizenship	Begum Rehane Yavar Dhala née Begum Rehane Khaleeli (born 27 January in Paris, France), best known as REHANE, is a fashion designer based in Chennai, India and known for her mélange of modern Indian sensibilities with a strong sense of European haute couture and ready-to-wear fashion.	Rehane Yavar Dhala	France
country of citizenship	Haruo Minami (三波春夫 Minami Haruo, July 19, 1923 -- April 14, 2001) was an enka singer in postwar Japan.	Haruo Minami	Japan
country of citizenship	Hamlet Gonashvili (Georgian: ჰამლეტ გონაშვილი) (20 June 1928 - 1985), sometimes referred to as ``the voice of Georgia'', was a Georgian singer (tenor), influential teacher, and performer of traditional Georgian music.	Hamlet Gonashvili	Georgia
country of citizenship	Hōri Mahue Ngata (8 August 1919 -- 15 February 1989) was a New Zealand Ngāti Porou farmer, railway worker, workers'' camp supervisor, accountant, lexicographer and the grandson of Sir Apirana Ngata.	Hōri Mahue Ngata	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Paul Augustin Jean Larrouy was a French diplomat born in Lagardelle-sur-Leze in France on the 1 January 1857 and who died in Buenos Aires in 1906.	Paul Augustin Jean Larrouy	France
country of citizenship	Miss Satine Burlesque real name Silvia Sorrentino from Palermo, Sicilia, a multi-faceted artist and Italian showgirl, also known in Italy and across the world (America, France, London, Switzerland, Germany Russia, Australia) for her Burlesque character ``Champagne Glass'',.	Miss Satine	Italy
country of citizenship	Shammi Narang is an Indian voice-over artist, ex news anchor, emcee and entrepreneur based in Delhi, best known for raising the standards of news-casting in India.	Shammi Narang	India
country of citizenship	Patricia Yurena Rodríguez Alonso (born March 6, 1990 in Santa Cruz de Tenerife) is a Spanish actress, model and beauty queen who captured the crown of Miss Spain 2013 and was a top 15 semifinalist in Miss World 2008.	Patricia Yurena Rodríguez	Spain
country of citizenship	Charles Edward Magoon (December 5, 1861 -- January 14, 1920) was an American lawyer, judge, diplomat, and administrator who is best remembered as a governor of the Panama Canal Zone, Minister to Panama, and an occupation governor of Cuba.	Charles Edward Magoon	Cuba
country of citizenship	Nar Bahadur Bhandari (Nepali: नर बहादुर भण्डारी) is a former chief minister of the state of Sikkim in India who governed the state from 1979 to 1994.	Nar Bahadur Bhandari	India
country of citizenship	Perla Fernandes dos Santos (born November 28, 1988, in Nilópolis, Brazil) is a Brazilian singer commonly known by Perlla.	Perlla	Brazil
country of citizenship	Chetana Das (born 4 November 1954 in Shillong, Meghalaya, (then Assam) India) is an Indian actress who was popular in the 1970s and 1980s.	Chetana Das	India
country of citizenship	Alexander Dovzhenko was born in the hamlet of Viunyshche located in Chernigov Governorate, Russian Empire (now part of Sosnytsia town in Chernihiv Oblast, Ukraine), to Petro Semenovych Dovzhenko and Odarka Yermolayivna Dovzhenko.	Alexander Dovzhenko	Russian Empire
country of citizenship	Alaina Burnett (born December 6, 1977 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian voice actor from Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Alaina Burnett	Canada
country of citizenship	Sergej Kraigher (30 May 1914 -- 17 January 2001) was a Yugoslav Communist politician from Slovenia who served as the President of the Presidency of Yugoslavia from 1981 to 1982.	Sergej Kraigher	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Christine Bjerendal (born 3 February 1987 in Lindome, Sweden) is a Swedish archer.	Christine Bjerendal	Sweden
country of citizenship	Ismael Serrano (born 9 March 1974) is a Singer/songwriter and guitarist from Spain, popular in Spain and Latin America, known for his insightful and often political lyrics and eclectic musical influences.	Ismael Serrano	Spain
country of citizenship	Air Commodore (retired) Ibrahim Kefas served as Military Administrator of Cross River State in Nigeria between December 1993 and September 1994, and then of Delta State until August 1996 during the military regime of General Sani Abacha.	Ibrahim Kefas	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Mahtab Keramati (Persian: مهتاب کرامتی ‎‎, born October 17, 1970 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian actress.	Mahtab Keramati	Iran
country of citizenship	Tun Dato' Sir James Beveridge Thomson, KBE, SSM, PMN, PJK (24 March 1902 -- 31 March 1983), was a Scottish barrister and judge who was the Chief Justice of the Federal Court of Malaysia.	James Beveridge Thomson	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Basnayake Shalith Malinda Warnapura (born 26 May 1979 in Colombo, Sri Lanka), or Malinda Warnapura, is a former professional Sri Lankan cricketer.	Malinda Warnapura	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Hammad Siddiqui (Urdu: حماد صدیقی ‎) is a politician who served as the in-charge of Karachi Tanzeemi Committee (KTC) of Muttahida Qaumi Movement, one of the largest political parties of Pakistan.	Hammad Siddiqui	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Miguel Teurbe Tolón y de la Guardia (September 20, 1820 -- November 16, 1857) was a Cuban playwright, poet, and the creator of the Coat of arms of Cuba and the Flag of Cuba.	Miguel Teurbe Tolón	Cuba
country of citizenship	Phanuwat Jinta (Thai: ภานุวัฒน์ จินตะ, born January 6, 1987), simply known as (Thai: เต๊าะ), is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Phanuwat Jinta	Thailand
country of citizenship	Joseph Delmont, (8 May 1873 as Josef Pollak in Loywein, Austria -- 12 March 1935 in Bad Pystian, Slovakia) was an Austrian film director of some 200 films, largely shorts, in which he was noted for his innovative use of beasts of prey.	Joseph Delmont	Austria
country of citizenship	James McColl Dickson (1854--1937) was a Reform Party Member of Parliament in New Zealand.	James McColl Dickson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Dattatreya Aralikatte, known in Karnataka as Datta (born February 22, 1953) is an Indian puppeteer and teacher, born in Aralikatte village, in the Chikkamagaluru district of Karnataka, India, and resides in Bangalore, India.	Dattatreya Aralikatte	India
country of citizenship	Mümtaz Soysal (born September 15, 1929 in Zonguldak, Turkey) is a Turkish academic and politician.	Mümtaz Soysal	Turkey
country of citizenship	Lorenza Villegas Restrepo (5 October 1892--25 March 1960) was the wife of the 15th President, Eduardo Santos Montejo, and served as First Lady of Colombia from 1938 to 1942.	Lorenza Villegas Restrepo	Colombia
country of citizenship	Jean Claude Ades, also known as Krystal K and J.C.A. is an electronic music producer born in Italy.	Jean Claude Ades	Italy
country of citizenship	Gibba (born 1925 in Alassio, Italy), is the pseudonym of Francesco Maurizio Guido, an Italian animator who did several erotic cartoons in the 1970s and 1980s.	Gibba	Italy
country of origin	City of Damnation was released in South Korea on 22 January 2009, and was the only Korean film to be released during the Lunar New Year holiday, traditionally a big season for domestic films.	City of Damnation	South Korea
country of origin	Madame Figaro was among the first news publications in France to publish feature-length articles on the condition of women in foreign countries, using its own journalists.	Madame Figaro	France
country of origin	Katie and Orbie is a Canadian animated television series aimed at preschoolers, originally broadcast in Canada from 1994--2002 by Family Channel and later aired in the United States on PBS from 1996--1997 and on Disney Channel from 1997--2000.	Katie and Orbie	Canada
country of origin	638 Ways to Kill Castro is a Channel 4 documentary film, broadcast in the United Kingdom on November 28, 2006, which tells the story of some of the numerous attempts of the Central Intelligence Agency to kill Cuba's leader Fidel Castro.	638 Ways to Kill Castro	United Kingdom
country of origin	Bokkoms (or Bokkems) is whole, salted and dried mullet (more specifically the Southern mullet, Liza richardsonii, a type of fish commonly known in the Western Cape of South Africa as ``harders''), and is a well-known delicacy from the West Coast region of South Africa.	Bokkoms	South Africa
country of origin	Goebbels und Geduldig is a 2002 German war comedy telefilm about Joseph Goebbels and Nazi Germany, directed by Kai Wessel, written by Peter Steinbach, and starring Ulrich Mühe in the two titular roles.	Goebbels und Geduldig	Germany
country of origin	Mechitharine (Mechitharine Kloster Likor) is an aromatic herb liqueur produced by the Armenian Mechitarist monks in Vienna.	Mechitharine	Vienna
country of origin	Chapati (alternatively Chapatti, Chappati or Chapathi) is an unleavened flatbread (also known as roti) from Bangladesh, India, Nepal, Pakistan, and Sri Lanka.	Chapati	India
country of origin	Tiësto's Club Life is Dutch DJ Tiësto's weekly radio show that was formerly broadcast on Radio 538 in the Netherlands.	Tiësto's Club Life	Netherlands
country of origin	Being the first Greek low bap group to release an album, Active Member had dominated the hip-hop scene in Greece for many years.	Active Member	Greece
country of origin	Isabella Bliss (born 1 April 1998) is an Australian girl from Queensland, notable for winning Junior MasterChef Australia in 2010.	Isabella Bliss	Australia
country of origin	Klinik, (sometimes called The Klinik), is an industrial music band from Belgium, originally formed around 1982 by electro-synthpop practitioner Marc Verhaeghen, who is the only constant member.	Klinik	Belgium
country of origin	The Grand Prize of the Danish Academy, founded in 1961, is the most notable of Denmark's literature prizes and awards.	Grand Prize of the Danish Academy	Denmark
country of origin	Wheel Ghar Ghar Mein is a game show that airs on Zee TV, India.	Wheel Ghar Ghar Mein	India
country of origin	The Nieuwsblad van het Noorden (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈniusblɑt vɑn ɦɛt ˈnʊːrdən); English: Newspaper of the North) is a former regional daily newspaper from the city of Groningen in the Netherlands.	Nieuwsblad van het Noorden	Netherlands
country of origin	Diario 16 (Spanish for ``Daily 16'' or ``Newspaper 16'') was a Spanish-language daily newspaper published in Madrid, Spain, between 1976 and 2001.	Diario 16	Spain
country of origin	Gratin dauphinois is a traditional regional French dish based on potatoes and crème fraîche, from the historic Dauphiné region in south-east France.	Gratin dauphinois	France
country of origin	Wow Mali is the longest-running, multi-awarded and top-rated gag show in the Philippines aired over TV5 hosted by Joey De Leon.	Wow Mali	Philippines
country of origin	M Suganth from The Times of India gave 3 out of 5 and said: ``While the broad strokes with which he paints this story let you get the rough feel of the film, ''Naanga`` doesn't really leave you wistful and yearning for a charming, not-so-distant past''.	Naanga	India
country of origin	The WotWots is a New Zealand children's television show which debuted in 2009 and has since aired in several other countries worldwide.	The WotWots	New Zealand
country of origin	A Dangerous Age began as an hour-long drama for CBC-TV, where the 24-year-old Furie worked as a writer, and received critical praise when it was released in England where Furie was recognized as a fresh talent; however, it was ignored in Canada.	A Dangerous Age	Canada
country of origin	Kal Ho Naa Ho was declared a Blockbuster in India and an ``All Time Blockbuster'' in overseas by Box Office India.	Kal Ho Naa Ho	India
country of origin	As with all of the other Fandorin novels, The Diamond Chariot was hugely successful in Russia, selling out its first printing of 200,000 copies in a week.	The Diamond Chariot	Russia
country of origin	50 Ways of Saying Fabulous is a 2005 New Zealand drama film directed by noted gay director Stewart Main and starring Jay Collins and Andrew Patterson.	50 Ways of Saying Fabulous	New Zealand
country of origin	Cucurucho is a local delicacy of the city of Baracoa in eastern Cuba.	Cucurucho	Cuba
country of origin	When Easterly Showers Fall on the Sunny West (Traditional Chinese: 東山飄雨西關晴) is a Hong Kong TVB period drama series broadcasting from October till December 2008.	When Easterly Showers Fall on the Sunny West	Hong Kong
country of origin	The motion picture soundtrack to The Brown Bunny was released exclusively in Japan.	The Brown Bunny	Japan
country of origin	Chotpoti is a roadside dish popular in Bangladesh (especially among urban people) and West Bengal, India.	Chotpoti	Bangladesh
country of origin	The Plastic Cloud was a Canadian psychedelic rock band formed in Bay Ridges, Ontario, Canada in 1967.	The Plastic Cloud	Canada
country of origin	SuperBand (Chinese: 非常SuperBand) is a spin-off of Project SuperStar, a popular singing talent-search competition in Singapore.	SuperBand	Singapore
country of origin	Pörkölt is a meat stew which originates from Hungary, but is eaten throughout Central Europe and the Balkans.	Pörkölt	Hungary
country of origin	The Bohemes supported the Dutch indie band Bettie Serveert on their spring tour of 2010 in the Netherlands promoting new album Pharmacy of Love.	The Bohemes	Netherlands
country of origin	Ee Sabdam Innathe Sabdam is a 1985 Malayalam film made in India, directed by P. G. Viswambaran and starring Mammootty.	Ee Sabdam Innathe Sabdam	India
country of origin	Called ``One of the most innovative examples of personal cinema to come from English Canada in the Sixties'' by the Cinematheque Ontario, The Ernie Game was part of a proposed trio of works intended to celebrate the Canadian Centennial.	The Ernie Game	Canada
country of origin	The Cacique Guaro is a sugar cane liquor of high purity and is the best selling distilled spirit in Costa Rica.	Cacique Guaro	Costa Rica
country of origin	It is named after the 19th century Chilean Minister Ernesto Barros Jarpa, and was coined in the restaurant of the National Congress of Chile, where Barros Jarpa always asked for this sandwich.	Barros Jarpa	Chile
country of origin	Ah My Buddha, known in Japan as Amaenaide yo!! (あまえないでよっ!!, lit. ``Don't Act Spoiled!!''), is a manga series written and illustrated by Toshinori Sogabe that was serialised in Comic Gum magazine.	Ah My Buddha	Japan
country of origin	Mukti Bandhan (English: Bond Redemption) is a television series from India, that has aired on Colors, based on the story of an ordinary man with an extraordinary sense for business.	Mukti Bandhan	India
country of origin	Royal Tru (often referred to simply as Royal) is a carbonated fruit-flavored soft drink brand owned by The Coca-Cola Company that is only available in the Philippines.	Royal Tru	Philippines
country of origin	Nasi tumpang is rice dish that origin from Kelantan, Malaysia.	Nasi tumpang	Malaysia
country of origin	Vild med dans is the Danish version of Dancing with the Stars and is shown by TV 2 in Denmark.	Vild med dans	Denmark
country of origin	Chakhchoukha is an originally Chaoui culinary speciality that has now extended to other parts of Algeria.	Chakhchoukha	Algeria
country of origin	The Big Debate South Africa is a television series in South Africa.	The Big Debate	South Africa
country of origin	Behind the News (more commonly known as BtN) is a long-running news program broadcast on Australia's ABC TV made in Adelaide and aimed at school-aged children (8--13 years of age).	Behind the News	Australia
country of origin	MTV Love School is an Indian youth reality television series, which will be premiered on 5 December 2015, and will be broadcast on MTV India.	MTV Love School	India
country of origin	Forensic Factor is a Canadian television series, which airs on Discovery Channel Canada and Sun TV.	Forensic Factor	Canada
country of origin	Las tontas no van al cielo (Spanish pronunciation: (las ˈtontaz no ˈβan al ˈsjelo), Dumb Girls Don't Go to Heaven or as an English saying, Bimbos Don't Go to Heaven) is an original Mexican telenovela that began airing on Mexico's Canal de las Estrellas, beginning 11 February 2008.	Las tontas no van al cielo	Mexico
country of origin	The Magic Make-Up Box is a 2003 children's television show produced in India and aired on Zee TV channel.	The Magic Make-Up Box	India
country of origin	ABS-CBN executives decided to tap Philippines' King of Talk Boy Abunda and Comedy concert Queen Ai-Ai de las Alas in a new morning talk show that would replace Good Morning, Kris called Morning Star.	Good Morning, Kris	Philippines
country of origin	In 2009, Galloping Films, an Australian-based television and film distribution company, acquired the international rights to MediaCorp-produced programs, including Maggi & Me, for syndication outside of Singapore	Maggi & Me	Singapore
country of origin	The Amigoe is a Dutch-language daily newspaper with editorials in Curaçao and whose audience are the peoples of the former Netherlands Antilles, specifically Curaçao and Aruba.	Amigoe	Netherlands
country of origin	Raise My Kids is a New Zealand reality show wherein participants are put in charge of the children of a relative or family member for five days.	Raise My Kids	New Zealand
country of origin	Ganga Addara, which was the second production of Sumathi Films was set in Kandy, colonial Sri Lanka.	Ganga Addara	Sri Lanka
country of origin	Soccer Night was a regional television football programme on independent television in United Kingdom between the 1990s and 2008.	Soccer Night	United Kingdom
country of origin	Yossi & Jagger (Hebrew: יוסי וג'אגר‎ (pronounced: Yossi VeJagger)) is a 2002 Israeli romantic drama film directed by Eytan Fox about soldiers at the Israel --	Yossi & Jagger	Israel
country of origin	De Danadan (Marathi: दे दणा दण) is a Marathi film directed by Mahesh Kothare and released in India in 1987.	De Danadan	India
country of origin	Eesti Laul (English: 'Estonian Song' or 'The Song of Estonia') is the national selection process in Estonia for the Eurovision Song Contest.	Eesti Laul	Estonia
country of origin	Agent Anna is a New Zealand comedy-drama television series, created by Maxine Fleming with Vanessa Alexander and devised by Robyn Malcolm.	Agent Anna	New Zealand
country of origin	In Australia, Saturday Arvo Football (formerly as Saturday Afternoon Football) is the broadcasting of Australian Football League (AFL) Saturday afternoon matches on television.	Saturday Arvo Football	Australia
country of origin	Ghetto Justice (Traditional Chinese: 怒火街頭)) is a TVB modern drama series about a former talented lawyer who fights injustice for the people of the Sham Shui Po district in Hong Kong.	Ghetto Justice	Hong Kong
country of origin	Without My Daughter (2002, Finland) is a 90-minute documentary directed by Kari Tervo and Alexis Kouros.	Without My Daughter	Finland
country of origin	The Restless Trio is a 1982 Hong Kong action comedy television series produced by TVB and starring Andy Lau, Stephen Tung and Patricia Chong.	The Restless Trio	Hong Kong
country of origin	Psy'Aviah is an Industrial rock / Electroclash / Dark EBM band from Antwerp, Belgium.	Psy'Aviah	Belgium
country of origin	Terror of Mechagodzilla (released in Japan as Mekagojira no Gyakushū (メカゴジラの逆襲, lit. ``Counterattack of Mechagodzilla'')) is a 1975 Japanese science fiction kaiju film directed by Ishirō Honda.	Terror of Mechagodzilla	Japan
country of origin	Ratier-Figeac is an aircraft components manufacturer in Montrouge, France.	Ratier	France
country of origin	The Samguk Sagi is written in Hanja (the written language of the literati in traditional Korea) and its compilation was ordered by Goryeo's King Injong (r. 1122-1146) and undertaken by the government official and historian Kim Busik (金富軾) and a team of junior scholars.	Samguk Sagi	Goryeo
country of origin	Dragons Forever (Chinese: 飛龍猛將) is a 1988 Hong Kong martial arts action comedy film directed by Sammo Hung, who also co-stars in the film.	Dragons Forever	Hong Kong
country of origin	Aadharshila portrays the struggles of young people - especially graduates of the Film and Television Institute of India - to find a foothold in the Indian film industry.	Aadharshila	India
country of origin	Mrs P.I. (Chinese: 查某人) is a Singaporean Chinese drama which was telecasted on Singapore's free-to-air channel, MediaCorp Channel 8.	Mrs P.I.	Singapore
country of origin	The Sopot International Song Festival (later called Sopot Music Festival Grand Prix, Sopot Top of the Top Festival from 2012--13 and Polsat Sopot Festival since 2014) is an annual international song contest held in Sopot, Poland.	Sopot International Song Festival	Poland
country of origin	Avui (Catalan pronunciation: (aˈvuj), meaning Today in English) was a Catalan daily newspaper, based in Barcelona, in Spain.	Avui	Spain
country of origin	Lörtsy is a thin, half-moon shaped pastry originally invented in Savonlinna, eastern Finland.	Lörtsy	Finland
country of origin	Io sono Tony Scott, ovvero come l'Italia fece fuori il più grande clarinettista del jazz (English: I am Tony Scott. The Story of How Italy Got Rid of the Greatest Jazz Clarinetist) is a 2012 Italian documentary directed by Franco Maresco.	Io sono Tony Scott	Italy
country of origin	The Communist Party of Kampuchea (Khmer: គណបក្សកុំមុយនីសកម្ពុជា; CPK), also known as Khmer Communist Party, was a communist party in Cambodia.	Communist Party of Kampuchea	Cambodia
country of origin	Bloodspit is a comedy horror film that was produced in Sydney, Australia in 2006.	Bloodspit	Australia
country of origin	Ghugni is an evening snack in Eastern India (Assam, Bengal, Bihar, Odisha).	Ghugni	India
country of origin	Punished, also known as Bou ying, is a 2011 Hong Kong thriller film directed by Law Wing-cheung.	Punished	Hong Kong
country of origin	Shadows of Memory caps a series of documentaries von Alemann filmed on the history of Germany, this time turning her lens on the Holocaust.	Shadows of Memory	Germany
country of origin	The film was released as North Sea Hijack in the United Kingdom, but as Ffolkes in the United States and other English-speaking territories.	North Sea Hijack	United Kingdom
country of origin	Aces Go Places 3 (Chinese: 最佳拍檔女皇密令) is 1984 Hong Kong action and comedy film directed by Tsui Hark.	Aces Go Places 3	Hong Kong
country of origin	As Yasmin's second feature film, Sepet, Muallaf was first screened in Singapore instead of Malaysia, where it was shot.	Muallaf	Malaysia
country of origin	Originally titled Dragon Wars (and still referred to by this title in publicity material), D-War has a long production history in South Korea.	D-War	South Korea
country of origin	The Walther P88 is a semiautomatic pistol developed by the Walther company of Germany in 1988, hence the model name P88.	Walther P88	Germany
country of origin	Active Kidz is a short series of exercise television programs to encourage children to be more physically active, which was broadcast on the ABC at 4.30 pm weekdays in Australia, it was presented by Scott Ehler and Amy Wilkins.	Active Kidz	Australia
country of origin	``In an Uncertain World'' is the 17th episode of the dramatic documentary television series Canada:	In an Uncertain World	Canada
country of origin	Scovardă is a type of stuffed pastry similar to empanadas popular in Romania, mainly Transylvania.	Scovardă	Romania
country of origin	In August of 2015, Viadeo announced they had engaged in an advertising campaign in France to promote a 'new vision' and that the member base had passed the 10 million mark in France.	Viadeo	France
country of origin	Sevai or shyavige or santhakai is a type of rice vermicelli popular in Southern India, particularly Tamil Nadu (Kongunadu region) and Karnataka.	Sevai	India
country of origin	In the Realm of Success (Chinese: 公私戀事多; Jyutping: gung1 si1 lyun2 si6 do1; literally ``Public and Private Business Affairs'') is a 2001 Hong Kong romantic comedy television drama created and produced by TVB, starring Steven Ma, Nadia Chan, Michael Tong and Claire Yiu as the main cast.	In the Realm of Success	Hong Kong
country of origin	Million's Poet (Arabic: شاعر المليون) is a reality television show on the United Arab Emirates television network Abu Dhabi TV and the The Million's Poet Channel.	Million's Poet	United Arab Emirates
country of origin	Devara Naadalli (Kannada: ದೇವರ ನಾಡಲ್ಲಿ, English: In God's Own Country) is a 2016 Indian Kannada language political thriller film written and directed by B. Suresha, inspired by an article that appeared on The Times of India in 1998, of an incident that occurred in a town in coastal Karnataka.	Devara Naadalli	India
country of origin	The Family Court (simplified Chinese: 走进走出) is a Singaporean Chinese drama which was telecasted on Singapore's free-to-air channel, MediaCorp Channel 8.	The Family Court	Singapore
country of origin	Das Experiment premiered on 7 March 2001 in Berlin and was released with a theatrical release in Germany one day later.	Das Experiment	Germany
country of origin	Alinazik kebab, or simply alinazik, is a home-style Turkish dish which is a specialty of the Gaziantep province of Turkey.	Alinazik kebab	Turkey
country of origin	I'm a Stripper is a 42-minute 2013 documentary film directed by Charlie David and produced by Nickolaos Stagias and David's own Border2Border Entertainment following the lives of a number of male strippers from various backgrounds in a number of locations in United States and Canada.	I'm a Stripper	Canada
country of origin	It Happened Here is set in an alternate history where the United Kingdom has been invaded and occupied by Nazi Germany.	It Happened Here	United Kingdom
country of origin	Fair City is the most watched drama in Ireland, with average viewing figures of 550,000.	Fair City	Ireland
country of origin	Freshwater Blue is an Australian reality-drama series created by Toby Yoshimura and Ben Alcott for MTV Australia.	Freshwater Blue	Australia
country of origin	Mechado is a beef dish from the Philippines.	Mechado	Philippines
country of origin	The Pomodoro di Pachino (Tomato of Pachino) is an IGP/PGI for tomatoes from the southeast coast of Sicily, Italy.	Pomodoro di Pachino	Italy
country of origin	The Storm Riders is a 1998 Hong Kong wuxia fantasy film based on the manhua series Fung Wan by artist Ma Wing-shing.	The Storm Riders	Hong Kong
country of origin	Bánh tét are traditional to and most popular in central and southern Vietnam.	Bánh tét	Vietnam
country of origin	Domaćica, lit. ``housewife'', is one of best known Kraš's trademarks, and a product well liked in Croatia as well as in the regional market, particularly of former Yugoslavia.	Domaćica	Croatia
country of origin	Travelling North grossed $1,464,000 at the box office in Australia, which is equivalent to $2,942,640 in 2009 dollars.	Travelling North	Australia
country of origin	The Dulle Griet (``Mad Meg'', named after the Flemish folklore figure Dull Gret) is a medieval supergun from Ghent, Belgium.	Dulle Griet	Belgium
country of origin	Bangistan was released on 700 screens in India.	Bangistan	India
country of origin	The production team of Tayong Dalawa and its three leading actors were cited by the Armed Forces of the Philippines for promoting a positive image of the Philippine military.	Tayong Dalawa	Philippines
country of origin	In the 6 years they were a band, Troubled Hubble played over 400 shows, cris-crossing the United States of America.	Troubled Hubble	United States of America
country of origin	Beast Stalker (Chinese: 證人) is a 2008 Hong Kong action thriller film written, produced and directed by Dante Lam.	Beast Stalker	Hong Kong
country of origin	The Arbir is one of three special weapons used by members of the Persatuan Pentjak Silat Selurah Indonesia (PPSI).	Arbir	Indonesia
country of origin	Junk Brothers is a reality television series broadcast by HGTV Canada.	Junk Brothers	Canada
country of origin	Amanda O is a comedy, an Internet television series in Argentina produced by Dori Media Group (Dori Media Contenidos).	Amanda O	Argentina
country of origin	The St. Fillan whose feast is kept on 20 June had churches dedicated to his honour at Ballyheyland, County Laois, Ireland and at Loch Earn, Perthshire.	Fillan	Ireland
country of origin	The Three Gates (Les trois portes : The Time Runaways #01) is a novel by Philippe Ebly published in France in 1977.	The Three Gates	France
country of origin	Havana, Cuba, is the birthplace of the Mojito, although the exact origin of this classic cocktail is the subject of debate.	Mojito	Cuba
country of origin	Winifred May de Kok, M.D. (17 May 1893 - 1969) was a South Africa born writer.	Winifred May de Kok	South Africa
country of origin	Old House Has Joy (老房有喜) is TV series which was produced in Taiwan in 1998.	Old House Has Joy	Taiwan
country of origin	Russian Soil is a 1941 short documentary film produced in the Soviet Union.	Russian Soil	Soviet Union
country of origin	As for now, the A-91 is made in small number and, probably, is used by some elite law enforcement units in Russia; it is also offered for export and domestic military and police sales.	A-91	Russia
country of origin	The CfC-Stanbic Bank Magnate is a Kenyan business reality television show in which 14 participants compete in an elimination-style competition for a top prize of 1.5 million Kenya shillings (US$15,000) as seed capital for their business.	The CfC-Stanbic Bank Magnate	Kenya
country of origin	Der Container Exklusiv is a 2006 German TV Endemol game-show production, with the format of early Big Brother Germany (BB) TV shows.	Der Container Exklusiv	Germany
country of origin	Wasana is a 1976 Sinhalese language romance film directed that follows the lives of middle-class people in Sri Lanka.	Wasana	Sri Lanka
country of origin	Hum Hai Raahi Car Ke is a comedy misadventure love story film directed by Jyotin Goel, that was released in India on 24 May 2013.	Hum Hai Raahi Car Ke	India
country of origin	Shakalaka Boom Boom attracted negative reviews from top critics of India.	Shakalaka Boom Boom	India
country of origin	A Pillow Case of Mystery II (Traditional Chinese: 施公奇案II; literally The Curious Cases of Lord Sze II) is a 2010 Hong Kong detective-fantasy television drama starring Bobby Au-yeung as the titular character, Mr. Sze (Sze Sai-lun).	A Pillow Case of Mystery II	Hong Kong
developer	Freddy's Rescue Roundup is a 2D DOS based game released in 1984 by IBM.	Freddy's Rescue Roundup	IBM
developer	Don Doko Don 2 (ドンドコドン2) is a side-scrolling 2D platforming game, developed and published by Taito Corporation, which was only released in Japan in 1992.	Don Doko Don 2	Taito Corporation
developer	Indiana Jones and the Infernal Machine is a multi-platform action-adventure video game by LucasArts released in late 1999.	Indiana Jones and the Infernal Machine	LucasArts
developer	GNUnited Nations is a free program developed by the GNU Project to manage translation of HTML files.	GNUnited Nations	GNU Project
developer	A2 Racer is a racing computer game series, from Dutch game company Davilex Games.	A2 Racer	Davilex Games
developer	Fragile Allegiance is an open-ended 4X real-time strategy (RTS) game from Gremlin Interactive, released in 1996 for MS-DOS and Windows 95.	Fragile Allegiance	Gremlin Interactive
developer	Pocky & Rocky with Becky, known in Japan as Kiki Kaikai Advance (奇々怪界あどばんす), is a shoot 'em up video game developed by Altron for the Game Boy Advance (GBA).	Pocky & Rocky with Becky	Altron
developer	Age of Empires III is a real-time strategy video game developed by Microsoft Corporation's Ensemble Studios and published by Microsoft Game Studios.	Age of Empires III	Ensemble Studios
developer	Alien Hominid is an independently developed run and gun video game developed by The Behemoth.	Alien Hominid	The Behemoth
developer	Cities XXL is a city-building computer game developed by Focus Home Interactive as a sequel to their earlier game Cities XL Platinum.	Cities XXL	Focus Home Interactive
developer	Mortal Online is a First Person, Open World, PvP/PvE Sandbox MMORPG developed and published by the Swedish independent video game company Star Vault.	Mortal Online	Star Vault
developer	Zen Pinball 2 is a pinball video game developed by Zen Studios for the Wii U, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Android, and PlayStation Vita.	Zen Pinball 2	Zen Studios
developer	TKO Super Championship Boxing - known in Japan as Kentou-Ou World Champion (拳闘王ワールドチャンピオン, ``King Boxer World Champion'') - is a boxing video game, developed by Sting Entertainment and published by SOFEL, which was released in 1992.	TKO Super Championship Boxing	Sting Entertainment
developer	My Chinese Coach is a video game for the Nintendo DS and iOS (currently unavailable) developed by Sensory Sweep Studios and published by Ubisoft.	My Chinese Coach	Ubisoft
developer	Backyard Soccer MLS Edition is a children's soccer video game developed by Humongous Entertainment and released in 2001 as part of the Backyard Sports series.	Backyard Soccer MLS Edition	Humongous
developer	Around 2006 the former Capstone Software programmer Les Bird released the source code of several abandoned Capstone games (as Capstone folded 1996), among them William Shatner's TekWar.	William Shatner's TekWar	Capstone Software
developer	Greg Norman's Golf Power is a golf-simulation video game developed by Gremlin Interactive for the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES), and published by Virgin Interactive in 1992.	Greg Norman's Golf Power	Gremlin Interactive
developer	Akimi Village is an adventure game developed by NinjaBee in 2011 for the PlayStation 3 Network.	Akimi Village	NinjaBee
developer	Windows Live Events was an online service by Microsoft as part of its Windows Live range of services that enabled users in Windows Live Spaces to share and plan different types of Events happening around them while collaborating with other services such as Windows Live Hotmail Calendar and Windows Live Spaces.	Windows Live Events	Microsoft
developer	NCAA Football 12 is a college football video game created by EA Sports and developed by EA Tiburon.	NCAA Football 12	EA Tiburon
developer	Panzer General II is a turn-based strategy computer game by Strategic Simulations, Inc. Released September 30, 1997, Panzer General II is the sixth SSI game in the ``General'' series and the first in the ``Living Battlefield '' series.	Panzer General II	Strategic Simulations, Inc.
developer	Way of the Samurai, known in Japan simply as Samurai (侍) is a PlayStation 2 (PS2) action-adventure game developed by Acquire and released in 2002.	Way of the Samurai	Acquire
developer	Winning Goal is a social football/soccer game on Facebook created by Shanghai-based online game developer and operator The9 Limited.	Winning Goal	The9
developer	Perl was originally developed by Larry Wall in 1987 as a general-purpose Unix scripting language to make report processing easier.	Perl	Larry Wall
developer	FIFA 06, also known as FIFA Soccer 06, is a video game developed by EA Canada and published by Electronic Arts based on the game of football.	FIFA 06	EA Canada
developer	Time Crisis II is a light gun arcade game and the second installment in Namco's Time Crisis series, introducing co-operative multiplayer to the franchise.	Time Crisis II	Namco
developer	Jett Rocket is a platform video game developed by Shin'en Multimedia for the Wii's WiiWare service.	Jett Rocket	Shin'en Multimedia
developer	Worms Battlegrounds is an artillery strategy video game developed and published by Team17.	Worms Battlegrounds	Team17
developer	The Adventures of Cookie & Cream, known as Kuri Kuri Mix (くりクリミックス Kuri Kuri Mikkusu) in Japan and Europe, is a multiplayer, action-adventure video game developed by FromSoftware for the PlayStation 2.	The Adventures of Cookie & Cream	FromSoftware
developer	Zoo Keeper is a tile-matching puzzle video game developed for the Web by Robot Communications and later ported to the Nintendo DS by Japanese video game publisher Success.	Zoo Keeper	Success
developer	Pandemonium 2 (Miracle Jumpers in Japan) is a platform game, developed by Crystal Dynamics, for the PlayStation and Microsoft Windows.	Pandemonium 2	Crystal Dynamics
developer	TowerMadness 2 is a 3D tower defense strategy game, sequel to TowerMadness, for iOS and Android, developed by Limbic Software and released on January 23, 2014.	TowerMadness 2	Limbic Software
developer	Sam & Max Save the World is a graphic adventure video game developed by Telltale Games.	Sam & Max Save the World	Telltale Games
developer	All 4 is a video on demand service from Channel Four Television Corporation.	All 4	Channel Four Television Corporation
developer	Larva Mortus is an indie video game developed by Rake In Grass in 2008.	Larva Mortus	Rake In Grass
developer	Mini Desktop Racing is a racing video game published by Metro 3D and developed by Data Design Interactive.	Mini Desktop Racing	Data Design Interactive
developer	TensorFlow was originally developed by the Google Brain team for Google's research and production purposes and later released under the Apache 2.0 open source license on November 9, 2015.	TensorFlow	Google Brain
developer	Pro Evolution Soccer 2008 (officially abbreviated as PES 2008 and known as World Soccer: Winning Eleven 2008 in Korea and Japan, sometimes called World Soccer: Winning Eleven 11 in PS2) is an association football video game in the Pro Evolution Soccer series by Konami.	Pro Evolution Soccer 2008	Konami
developer	Road Rash 3D is a racing video game developed and published by Electronic Arts exclusively for the PlayStation.	Road Rash 3D	Electronic Arts
developer	Unsolved Crimes is an adventure video game for Nintendo DS, developed by Now Production and published by Empire Interactive.	Unsolved Crimes	Now Production
developer	Battle Poker is a WiiWare game by Left Field Productions that was released in North America on July 20, 2009.	Battle Poker	Left Field Productions
developer	Amazing Alex was a physics-based puzzle game created by Rovio Entertainment, the developer of popular multiplatform strategy puzzle video game Angry Birds.	Amazing Alex	Rovio Entertainment
developer	``I Am Alive'' is a survival video game developed by Ubisoft Shanghai and published by Ubisoft.	I Am Alive	Ubisoft Shanghai
developer	Metal Morph is a video game developed by Origin Systems and published by FCI, Inc. for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.	Metal Morph	Origin Systems
developer	Kirby's Return to Dream Land, known in Japan as Hoshi no Kābī Wii (星のカービィWii ``Kirby of the Stars Wii'') and in Europe and Australia as Kirby's Adventure Wii, is a Kirby video game and the twelfth platform installment of the series, developed by HAL Laboratory, and published by Nintendo.	Kirby's Return to Dream Land	HAL Laboratory
developer	SimsVille is a cancelled 2001 game by Maxis.	SimsVille	Maxis
developer	Gyromancer is a puzzle and role-playing video game developed by PopCap Games in collaboration with Square Enix.	Gyromancer	Square Enix
developer	BlowOut is a 2004 side-scrolling action video game developed by Terminal Reality and published by Majesco, released for the GameCube, PlayStation 2, Xbox, and PC.	BlowOut	Terminal Reality
developer	WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2011 (also shortened to WWE SvR 2011 or ``SVR 11'') is a professional wrestling video game developed by Yuke's and published by THQ for the PlayStation 2 (PS2), PlayStation 3 (PS3), PlayStation Portable (PSP), Wii, and Xbox 360 systems.	WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2011	Yuke
developer	Battlefield Hardline is a first-person shooter video game developed by Visceral Games in collaboration with EA DICE and published by Electronic Arts.	Battlefield Hardline	Visceral Games
developer	The Curse of Monkey Island is an adventure game developed and published by LucasArts, and the third game in the Monkey Island series.	The Curse of Monkey Island	LucasArts
developer	Diamond Trust of London is a turn-based strategy video game by Jason Rohrer, with music by Tom Bailey.	Diamond Trust of London	Jason Rohrer
developer	GunBound was developed and is maintained by South Korean developer Softnyx.	GunBound	Softnyx
developer	RollerCoaster Tycoon 3D is a construction and management simulation video game developed by n-Space for the Nintendo 3DS.	RollerCoaster Tycoon 3D	n-Space
developer	GemStone IV is a multiplayer text-based online role-playing video game (often known as a MUD) produced by Simutronics.	GemStone IV	Simutronics
developer	The Legend of Mir 2 (Korean: 미르의 전설 2) is a sprite-based isometric 3-D massively multiplayer online role-playing game developed by Korean-based WeMade Entertainment.	The Legend of Mir 2	WeMade Entertainment
developer	Putty Squad is a 1994 video game developed by System 3 and published by Maximum Games and Ocean Software.	Putty Squad	System 3
developer	Skate It (marketed as skate it) is a skateboarding video game developed by EA Montreal, Exient Entertainment and EA Black Box for the Nintendo DS, Wii, and iOS.	Skate It	EA Montreal
developer	Trek-80 is a computer game developed by Judges Guild in 1979 for the TRS-80.	Trek-80	Judges Guild
developer	The Political Machine 2008 is a government simulation game from Stardock and the second game in the Political Machine series, in which the player leads a campaign to elect the President of the United States.	The Political Machine 2008	Stardock
developer	Chaos League is a fantasy-based sports management game developed by Cyanide Studios and published by Digital Jesters.	Chaos League	Cyanide
developer	SilverFast is the name of a family of software for image scanning and processing, including photos, documents and slides, developed by LaserSoft Imaging.	SilverFast	LaserSoft Imaging
developer	Captain Quazar is a science fiction third-person action game by developer Cyclone Studios, first published in 1996 by 3DO.	Captain Quazar	Cyclone Studios
developer	Start-Up is published by Monte Cristo and distributed by Electronic Arts.	Start-Up	Monte Cristo
developer	Férias Frustradas do Pica-Pau (roughly translates as Woody Woodpecker's Frustrated Vacations) is a platform video game developed and published by Tectoy for the Sega Mega Drive, and the Sega Master System.	Férias Frustradas do Pica-Pau	Tectoy
developer	War Inc. is a real-time strategy computer game developed by Optik Software.	War Inc.	Optik Software
developer	Hot Springs Story is a hot spring business simulation video game developed and published by Kairosoft for the Android and iOS operating systems.	Hot Springs Story	Kairosoft
developer	ATV Offroad Fury 3 is the third racing video game in the ATV Offroad Fury series, developed by Climax Studios and released in North America in 2004 and in Europe in 2006, exclusively for the PlayStation 2.	ATV Offroad Fury 3	Climax Studios
developer	Titanfall is a multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed by Respawn Entertainment and published by Electronic Arts.	Titanfall	Respawn Entertainment
developer	Spewer was developed by Edmund McMillen and Eli Piilonen and released on Newgrounds on May 4, 2009.	Spewer	Edmund McMillen
developer	Tribler was created by university researchers at the Delft University of Technology, who are trying to improve peer-to-peer technology.	Tribler	Delft University of Technology
developer	Office Open XML (also informally known as OOXML or OpenXML) is a zipped, XML-based file format developed by Microsoft for representing spreadsheets, charts, presentations and word processing documents.	Office Open XML	Microsoft
developer	Tweak7 is developed by Stardock and distributed as part of their Object Desktop suite.	Tweak7	Stardock
developer	Eternity's Child (previously known as Angel's Eternity) is a side-scrolling platform game based on a fairy tale created by Luc Bernard.	Eternity's Child	Luc Bernard
developer	Divine Divinity is an action role-playing game developed by Larian Studios and published by CDV and Snowball Studios for Windows on September 22, 2002.	Divine Divinity	Larian Studios
developer	Mystic Towers is a video game created by Australian developer Animation F/X and published by Manaccom domestically and Apogee Software internationally.	Mystic Towers	Animation F/X
developer	Sherlock Holmes and the Mystery of Osborne House is an adventure video game for the Nintendo DS handheld game console by Frogwares.	Sherlock Holmes and the Mystery of Osborne House	Frogwares
developer	Derek Jeter Pro Baseball 2008 (full title: Derek Jeter Pro Baseball 2008 3D) is the fourth in a series of baseball video games developed and published by Gameloft for mobile phones, and the first version licensed by New York Yankees shortstop Derek Jeter.	Derek Jeter Pro Baseball 2008	Gameloft
developer	Donkey Kong Country is a 1994 platforming video game developed by Rare and published by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.	Donkey Kong Country	Rare
developer	Pulse Racer is a Jaleco Xbox racing game released on January 2, 2003, albeit only in North America.	Pulse Racer	Jaleco
developer	Minecraft is a sandbox video game originally created by Swedish programmer Markus ``Notch'' Persson and later developed and published by Mojang.	Minecraft	Mojang
developer	The Pentium II brand refers to Intel's sixth-generation microarchitecture (``P6'') and x86-compatible microprocessors introduced on May 7, 1997.	Pentium II	Intel
developer	Special Jinsei Game is a board game-based video game released for the Nintendo GameCube in Japan in 2003 by Takara.	Special Jinsei Game	Takara
developer	Space Fury (J:スペースフューリー) is a multi-directional shooter arcade game created by Sega and released on June 17, 1981.	Space Fury	Sega
developer	Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege is a first-person shooter video game developed by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft.	Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege	Ubisoft Montreal
developer	Moto Racer World Tour is an arcade style motorcycle racing game developed by Delphine Software International and published by Infogrames for the PlayStation.	Moto Racer World Tour	Delphine Software International
developer	The Great American Cross-Country Road Race (UK re-release title: American Road Race) is a sim racing video game written by Alex DeMeo for the Atari 8-bit computers and published by Activision in 1985.	The Great American Cross-Country Road Race	Activision
developer	HardBall II is a baseball video game developed by Distinctive Software and published by Accolade for the Amiga, DOS and Macintosh computers in 1989/1990.	HardBall II	Distinctive Software
developer	ZombiU (known as Zombi on platforms other than the Wii U) is a first-person survival horror video game developed by Ubisoft Montpellier for Wii U, PlayStation 4, Xbox One and Microsoft Windows.	ZombiU	Ubisoft Montpellier
developer	Scribblenauts Remix is an emergent action puzzle game developed by 5th Cell and Iron Galaxy Studios and published by Warner Bros. Interactive on October 12, 2011.	Scribblenauts Remix	5th Cell
developer	Rally Trophy is a historic PC rally simulation, created by Bugbear Entertainment and JoWood Productions.	Rally Trophy	Bugbear Entertainment
developer	Graham Gooch World Class Cricket is a cricket video game developed and published by Audiogenic in 1993.	Graham Gooch World Class Cricket	Audiogenic
developer	Lost Kingdoms is a fantasy video game developed by FromSoftware and published by Activision in North America and Europe.	Lost Kingdoms	FromSoftware
dissolved or abolished	The Alberford was an English car manufactured in about 1922 to 1924 in Albert Bridge Garage, Chelsea, London.	Alberford	1924
dissolved or abolished	The Kingdom of Dalmatia (Croatian: Kraljevina Dalmacija, German: Königreich Dalmatien; Italian: Regno di Dalmazia) was a crown land of the Austrian Empire (1815-1867) and the Cisleithanian half of Austria-Hungary (1867-1918).	Kingdom of Dalmatia	1918
dissolved or abolished	The 38th SS Division Nibelungen was a German military unit of World War II. It was formed in March 1945 from the staff and students of the SS-Junkerschule at Bad Tölz.	38th SS Division Nibelungen	1945
dissolved or abolished	Effective April 1, 2013 Executive Airlines will continue to do business in the Caribbean and Bahamas as an aircraft ground handling company, providing services to various airlines in the region.	Executive Airlines	2013
dissolved or abolished	The Dominion of Fiji was the official name of Fiji between October 1970 and 6 October 1987.	Dominion of Fiji	1987
dissolved or abolished	The Tourey was a French automobile manufactured by Jules Tourey only in 1898.	Tourey	1898
dissolved or abolished	The Greater Republic of Central America was a short-lived union between Honduras, Nicaragua, and El Salvador, lasting from 1896 to 1898.	Greater Republic of Central America	1898
dissolved or abolished	BEA Systems, Inc. was a company specialized in enterprise infrastructure software products which was wholly acquired by Oracle Corporation on April 29, 2008.	BEA Systems	2008
dissolved or abolished	In early 1277 an army led by the Earl of Warwick with support from the treacherous brother of Llywelyn ap Gruffudd, Dafydd ap Gruffydd, marched from Chester into Powys Fadog.	Powys Fadog	1277
dissolved or abolished	In 1015 the golden age of Memleben Abbey ended.	Memleben Abbey	1015
dissolved or abolished	) On 29 September 2011 Stirling Energy Systems filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy, due to falling PV prices caused by subsidized Chinese Photo Voltaic In April 2012 the Maricopa Solar plant in Phoenix, Arizona was bought by British company United Sun Systems in a joint venture with a Chinese/American corporation.	Stirling Energy Systems	2011
dissolved or abolished	Archangelgorod Governorate (Russian: Архангелогородская губерния, Arkhangelogorodskaya guberniya), or the Government of Archangelgorod, was an administrative division (a guberniya) of the Tsardom of Russia and then the Russian Empire, which existed from 1708 until 1780.	Archangelgorod Governorate	1780
dissolved or abolished	The Sacred Congregation of Rites was a congregation of the Roman Curia, erected on January 22, 1588 by Pope Sixtus V and its functions reassigned by Pope Paul VI on May 8, 1969.	Sacred Congregation of Rites	1969
dissolved or abolished	Matchless is one of the oldest marques of British motorcycles, manufactured in Plumstead, London, between 1899 and 1966.	Matchless	1966
dissolved or abolished	Travancore-Cochin or Thiru-Kochi (Malayalam: തിരു-കൊച്ചി, tiru-kocci ?) was a short-lived state of India (1949--1956).	Travancore-Cochin	1956
dissolved or abolished	The Kingdom of Etruria (/ɪˈtrʊəriə/; Italian: Regno di Etruria) was a kingdom between 1801 and 1807 which made up a large part of modern Tuscany.	Kingdom of Etruria	1807
dissolved or abolished	By adopting resolution 1094(1997) on efforts towards peace in Central America, the Security Council authorized on 20 January 1997 the attachment of a group of 155 military observers and requisite medical personnel to MINUGUA for a three-month period, operational as of 3 March 1997.	MINUGUA	1997
dissolved or abolished	Ostrobothnia County (Swedish: Österbottens län, Finnish: Pohjanmaan lääni) was a county of the Swedish Empire from 1634 to 1775.	Ostrobothnia County	1775
dissolved or abolished	The People's Republic of Bulgaria (PRB; Bulgarian: Народна република България (НРБ) Narodna republika Balgariya (NRB)) was the official name of the Bulgarian socialist republic that existed from 1946 to 1990, when the Bulgarian Communist Party (BCP) ruled together with its coalition partner, the National Agrarian Party.	People's Republic of Bulgaria	1990
dissolved or abolished	Marshall, Sons & Co. Ltd. merged with John Fowler & Co., (Leeds) Ltd in 1947 to form Marshall-Fowler Ltd, which eventually became part of the Bentall Simplex industrial group.	Marshall, Sons & Co.	1947
dissolved or abolished	On 4 September 2015 Korongo Airlines ceased all operations, due to both an insufficient number of reservations (despite a 70% load factor) as well as the damage caused to the only airplane in the fleet a week earlier.	Korongo Airlines	2015
dissolved or abolished	The Society continued until 1909 when it merged with the Anti-Slavery Society to form the Anti-Slavery and Aborigines' Protection Society (now Anti-Slavery International).	Aborigines' Protection Society	1909
dissolved or abolished	Swedish Livonia (Swedish: Svenska Livland) was a dominion of the Swedish Empire from 1629 until 1721.	Swedish Livonia	1721
dissolved or abolished	Aeronáutica Agrícola Mexicana SA (AAMSA) was an aircraft manufacturing company in Mexico from 1971 to 1984.	Aeronáutica Agrícola Mexicana SA	1984
dissolved or abolished	Wu (222--280), commonly known as Eastern Wu or Sun Wu, was one of the three major states that competed for supremacy over China in the Three Kingdoms period (220--280).	Eastern Wu	280
dissolved or abolished	Ciechanów Voivodeship (Polish: województwo ciechanowskie) was a unit of administrative division and local government in Poland in years 1975--1998, superseded by the Masovian Voivodeship.	Ciechanów Voivodeship	1998
dissolved or abolished	Fine Fare was perhaps most notable for its sponsorship of the Scottish Football League which commenced for the 1985-86 season (beginning August 1985) to the 1987-88 season (which ended in May 1988, around the same time that the last Fine Fare stores closed).	Fine Fare	1988
dissolved or abolished	It was the first foreign dynasty to rule all of China and lasted until 1368, after which its Genghisid rulers returned to their Mongolian homeland and continued to rule the Northern Yuan dynasty.	Yuan dynasty	1368
dissolved or abolished	Filmation Associates was a production company that produced animation and live-action programming for television from 1963 to 1989.	Filmation	1989
dissolved or abolished	During the decolonization of Africa, a plebiscite was organised in British Togoland in May 1956 to decide the future of the territory.	British Togoland	1956
dissolved or abolished	Synanon ultimately became the Church of Synanon in the 1970s, and disbanded permanently in 1991 due to many criminal activities, including attempted murder of which members were convicted, and civil legal problems, including losing its tax free status retroactively with the Internal Revenue Service due to financial misdeeds, destruction of evidence and terrorism.	Synanon	1991
dissolved or abolished	The Maratha Empire or the Maratha Confederacy was an Indian power that existed from 1674 to 1818 and ruled over a large area of the Indian sub-continent.	Maratha Empire	1818
dissolved or abolished	The Women's Social and Political Union (WSPU) was the leading militant organisation campaigning for Women's suffrage in the United Kingdom, 1903--1917.	Women's Social and Political Union	1917
dissolved or abolished	Portuguese Malacca was the territory of Malacca that, for 130 years (1511--1641), was a Portuguese colony.	Portuguese Malacca	1641
dissolved or abolished	Baekje or Paekche (Hangul: 백제; hanja: 百濟, Korean pronunciation: (pɛktɕ͈e)) (18 BC -- 660 AD) was a kingdom located in southwest Korea.	Baekje	660
dissolved or abolished	The College of Saints John Fisher & Thomas More (also called Fisher More College and formerly known as The College of Saint Thomas More) was a private Catholic liberal arts college that operated from 1981 to 2014 in Fort Worth, Texas.	College of Saints John Fisher & Thomas More	2014
dissolved or abolished	Universal Abit has announced that it will close on December 31, 2008, and officially cease to exist on 1 January 2009.	Universal Abit	2008
dissolved or abolished	OQO was reported to have stopped production in April 2009 because of financial difficulties.	OQO	2009
dissolved or abolished	Take 2 suddenly closed Indie Built on April 28, 2006 without publicly stating any reasons for the closure.	Indie Built	2006
dissolved or abolished	But before the close of the war (about 250 BCE), when the Carthaginians were beginning to contract their operations, and confine themselves to the defense of as few points as possible, they removed all the inhabitants of Selinunte to Lilybaeum and destroyed the city It seems certain that it was never rebuilt.	Selinunte	250 BCE
dissolved or abolished	On 29 November 2011, it was reported that Lufthansa would terminate its contract with Contact Air effective 1 October 2012.	Contact Air	2012
dissolved or abolished	The North-Western Territory was a region of British North America until 1870.	North-Western Territory	1870
dissolved or abolished	The Colony of Fiji was a British colony that existed from 1874 to 1970 in present-day Fiji.	Colony of Fiji	1970
dissolved or abolished	The Waltham Watch Company, also known as the American Waltham Watch Co. and the American Watch Co., produced about 40 million watches, clocks, speedometers, compasses, time fuses, and other precision instruments between 1850 and 1957.	Waltham Watch Company	1957
dissolved or abolished	After Abu Sa'id's death in 1335, the Ilkhanate began to disintegrate rapidly and split up into several rival successor states, most prominently the Jalayirids.	Ilkhanate	1335
dissolved or abolished	The chain was purchased by CVS Pharmacy in June 1997, which at the time was half of Revco's size, and CVS re-branded or closed all of the 2,552 Revco stores by summer of 1998.	Revco	1997
dissolved or abolished	The Indianapolis News was an evening newspaper published for 130 years, beginning December 7, 1869, and ending on October 1, 1999.	Indianapolis News	1999
dissolved or abolished	The All-British was an automobile built at Bridgeton, Glasgow, Scotland, from 1906 to 1908.	All-British	1908
dissolved or abolished	Tang, known in history as Later Tang, was a short-lived imperial dynasty that lasted from 923 to 936 during the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period in the history of China.	Later Tang	936
dissolved or abolished	The condominium lasted from 1906 until 1980, when the New Hebrides gained their independence as Vanuatu.	New Hebrides	1980
dissolved or abolished	Chrysler Europe operated between 1967 and 1979.	Chrysler Europe	1979
dissolved or abolished	The Second Hungarian Republic (Hungarian: Magyar Köztársaság) was a parliamentary republic briefly established after the dissolution of the Kingdom of Hungary on 1 February 1946 and dissolved on 20 August 1949.	Second Hungarian Republic	20 August 1949
dissolved or abolished	Landkreis Stolp was an administrative district of the Prussian Province of Pomerania in Germany, existing from 1816 to 1945.	Landkreis Stolp	1945
dissolved or abolished	The Corps of Discovery was a specially-established unit of the United States Army which formed the nucleus of the Lewis and Clark expedition that took place between May 1804 and September 1806.	Corps of Discovery	1806
dissolved or abolished	On January 14, 2009, Gottschalks filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy.	Gottschalks	2009
dissolved or abolished	The Dominion of New England in America (1686--1689) was an administrative union of English colonies in the New England region of North America.	Dominion of New England	1689
educated at	Anita Florence Hemmings, (June 8, 1872 -- 1960) was the first African-American woman to graduate Vassar College and was a Librarian/Foreign Cataloger at the Boston Public Library.	Anita Florence Hemmings	Vassar College
educated at	John Godfrey graduated from Upper Canada College in 1960.	John Godfrey	Upper Canada College
educated at	Jacob Kuechler graduated from the University of Giessen with degrees in Civil Engineering and Forestry.	Jacob Kuechler	University of Giessen
educated at	Samuel M. Witten was educated at the University of Maryland, College Park, receiving a B.A. in 1979, and at Columbia Law School, receiving a J.D. in 1983.	Samuel M. Witten	Columbia Law School
educated at	Fergus Nicoll was educated at Ampleforth College, Christ Church, Oxford (BA Oriental Studies) and Reading University (PhD: ``Gladstone, Gordon and Sudan, 1883-5'').	Fergus Nicoll	Ampleforth College	Christ Church
educated at	William Ruggles (September 5, 1797 - September 10, 1877) was a professor at George Washington University.	William Ruggles	George Washington University
educated at	Judith Ralston originally from Edinburgh, trained as a musician from an early age and subsequently went on to study singing at the Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama, the Royal Northern College of Music.	Judith Ralston	Royal Northern College of Music
educated at	Born in Kingston, Jamaica, Yvonne Brewster went to the UK to study drama in the mid-1950s at the Rose Bruford College - where she was the UK's first Black woman drama student - and at the Royal Academy of Music, where she received a distinction in Drama and Mime.	Yvonne Brewster	Royal Academy of Music
educated at	Subhash Kak completed his BE from Regional Engineering College, Srinagar (Presently National Institute of Technology, Srinagar) and Ph.D. from Indian Institute of Technology Delhi in 1970.	Subhash Kak	Indian Institute of Technology Delhi
educated at	Frank Zummach enrolled at the Marquette University Law School in 1933 after finishing his undergraduate studies the year before.	Frank Zummach	Marquette University Law School
educated at	Bernhard Nebel received his Diploma degree from the University of Hamburg in 1980 and his Doctorate from the Saarland University in 1989.	Bernhard Nebel	Saarland University
educated at	Gerald B. Zornow graduated from the University of Rochester in 1937, where he was a member of Alpha Delta Phi.	Gerald B. Zornow	University of Rochester
educated at	Samuel Beal was born in Davenport, near Stockport, Cheshire and graduated from Trinity College, Cambridge in 1847.	Samuel Beal	Trinity College
educated at	John C. Harrison is the James Madison Distinguished Professor of Law and Joseph C. Carter, Jr., Research Professor of Law at the University of Virginia School of Law.	John C. Harrison	University of Virginia
educated at	Halsey Stevens was born in Scott, New York and educated at Syracuse University and the University of California, Berkeley.	Halsey Stevens	Syracuse University	University of California, Berkeley
educated at	Bob Monkhouse was educated at Goring Hall School in Worthing, Sussex and Dulwich College in south London, from which he was expelled.	Bob Monkhouse	Dulwich College
educated at	Henry Ward Beecher graduated from Amherst College in 1834 and Lane Theological Seminary in 1837 before serving as a minister in Indianapolis and Lawrenceburg, Indiana.	Henry Ward Beecher	Amherst College
educated at	After graduation from MGIMO-University (the Moscow State Institute of International Relations) in 1972, Anatoly Torkunov began teaching at the institute, while carrying out post-graduate research related to Africa and Asia.	Anatoly Torkunov	Moscow State Institute of International Relations
educated at	A native of Philadelphia, Cristin O'Keefe Aptowicz graduated from Central High School of Philadelphia in 1996 and received a B.F.A. in Dramatic Writing from New York University in 2000.	Cristin O'Keefe Aptowicz	New York University
educated at	Leslie Lazarus was born in Sydney and educated at Sydney Boys High School and the University of Sydney, which he entered on a scholarship (Public Exhibitioner) in 1947.	Leslie Lazarus	University of Sydney
educated at	DeWitt Clinton was the second son born to James Clinton and his wife Mary DeWitt (1737--1795, aunt of Simeon De Witt) and was educated at King's College, which is now Columbia University after transferring from Princeton University, becoming the first to graduate under the new name.	DeWitt Clinton	Columbia University
educated at	John E. Thrasher (born December 18, 1943) is a former state legislator, businessman, lawyer and lobbyist who serves as the 15th President of Florida State University.	John E. Thrasher	Florida State University
educated at	Carla Dik-Faber studied art history at Utrecht University.	Carla Dik-Faber	Utrecht University
educated at	Jyongri was a student in Waseda University, a popular choice among other famous celebrities around the world.	Jyongri	Waseda University
educated at	Francis Ernest Lloyd (October 4, 1868 -- October 10, 1947) was an American botanist, born in Manchester, England, and educated at Princeton University (A.B., 1891; A.M., 1895), in New Jersey, and in Europe at Munich and Bonn, in Germany.	Francis Ernest Lloyd	Princeton University
educated at	Sue Hartley is a British ecologist and director of the Environmental Sustainability Institute, at the University of York.	Sue Hartley	University of York
educated at	Sergey Kara-Murza was graduated with degree in chemistry from Moscow State University in 1961.	Sergey Kara-Murza	Moscow State University
educated at	Eugene Kang is an Ann Arbor native who attended Greenhills School before enrolling at the University of Michigan.	Eugene Kang	University of Michigan
educated at	Texas Tech University renamed its nursing school in Perry's honor in 2008, and two nursing endowments are also set up in her name: the Anita Thigpen Perry Nursing Excellence Scholarship at West Texas A&M University and the Anita Thigpen Perry Endowment at the University of Texas at San Antonio.	Anita Thigpen Perry	West Texas A&M University
educated at	Mahendra Lawoti (born February 25, 1965) is professor at the department of political science at Western Michigan University, writer of several books and Ph.D. from the University of Pittsburgh with dissertation of Exclusionary Democratization:	Mahendra Lawoti	University of Pittsburgh
educated at	Li Shu-hua (Chinese: 李书华; pinyin: lǐ shū huá, 23 September 1890--5 July 1979) was a Chinese physical scientist from Peking University and educator came from Qinhuangdao, Hebei.	Li Shu-hua	Peking University
educated at	The son of a former television news anchorman, Jung Il-woo studied Broadcasting at the Seoul Institute of the Arts, then later dropped out and transferred to the Theater and Film department of Hanyang University.	Jung Il-woo	Hanyang University
educated at	Greg Behrendt graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in theater from the University of Oregon in 1991, though initially he had enrolled to be a business major and to play rugby.	Greg Behrendt	University of Oregon
educated at	Michael Schrom has a Bachelor of Fine Arts Degree in Film from The Tisch School of the Arts at New York University.	Michael Schrom	Tisch School of the Arts
educated at	Khendum Choden Ph.D. is a poet, author, and the first Bhutanese Ph.D. graduate of the University of Texas at El Paso (UTEP).	Khendum Choden	University of Texas at El Paso
educated at	Michel Aglietta (born 1938, Chambéry) is a French economist, currently Professor of Economics at the University of Paris X:	Michel Aglietta	University of Paris
educated at	Prof. Martin Hilský (born 8 April 1943 in Prague) is a professor of English literature at Charles University in Prague and a translator.	Martin Hilský	Charles University in Prague
educated at	Duilio Arigoni (born December 6, 1928) is a Swiss chemist and Emeritus Professor at ETH Zurich.	Duilio Arigoni	ETH Zurich
educated at	Stanisław Bielecki (9 November 1946 in Sandomierz) is a Polish chemist who specialises in technical biochemistry, biotechnology and enzymology, since 2008 he has held the position of the Rector of Lodz University of Technology.	Stanisław Bielecki	Lodz University of Technology
educated at	John Kyrle was educated at Balliol College, Oxford, and studied Law, but did not qualify and, having succeeded to the family property looking over the market square at Ross, he lived there.	John Kyrle	Balliol College
educated at	Xu Xiuzhi went to study to in Japan, and graduated from the Department of Law, Chuo University.	Xu Xiuzhi	Chuo University
educated at	Buddy McClinton was a defensive back for the Auburn University Tigers who was selected to the 1969 College Football All-America Team.	Buddy McClinton	Auburn University
educated at	Robert Treat Paine Storer (April 17, 1893 -- February 5, 1962) was an American football player for Harvard University.	Robert Treat Paine Storer	Harvard University
educated at	Lesley Kagen grew up in Milwaukee and attended the University of Wisconsin-Madison where she majored in Radio and Television.	Lesley Kagen	University of Wisconsin-Madison
educated at	In July 2012 Miguel Relvas found himself embroiled in public controversy in connection with the degree he obtained from Lusophone University/Universidade Lusófona with little coursework.	Miguel Relvas	Universidade Lusófona
educated at	Halina Reijn was professionally trained at the Maastricht Academy of Dramatic Arts.	Halina Reijn	Maastricht Academy of Dramatic Arts
educated at	Robin Lyth Hudson received his Ph.D. from University of Oxford in 1966 under John Trevor Lewis with the Dissertation being Generalised Translation-Invariant Mechanics.	Robin Lyth Hudson	University of Oxford
educated at	Cecil Hunt was educated at Southgate County School, now known as Southgate School, then at King's College, London, where he studied journalism.	Cecil Hunt	King's College, London
educated at	The son of Joseph and Frances Owen, Reginald Owen studied at Sir Herbert Tree's Royal Academy of Dramatic Art and made his professional debut in 1905.	Reginald Owen	Royal Academy of Dramatic Art
educated at	Alfred Needler attended the University of Toronto beginning in 1922, where he was influenced by the pioneer Canadian oceanographer and fishery biologist Professor A.G. Huntsman, who encouraged Needler to pursue a career in fishery research.	Alfred Needler	University of Toronto
educated at	Robert Pritzker received a bachelor's degree in industrial engineering from the Illinois Institute of Technology in 1946 and an honorary doctorate in 1984.	Robert Pritzker	Illinois Institute of Technology
educated at	Habiba Zehi Ben Romdhane earned a public health degree from the Faculty of Medicine at the University of Tunis (1978) and trained further in public health at Laval University (1979), the University of Chicago (1981) and the University of Tokyo (1988).	Habiba Zehi Ben Romdhane	Laval University	University of Chicago	University of Tokyo
educated at	Tammam Salam is a graduate of Broummana High School and Haigazian University in Beirut.	Tammam Salam	Haigazian University
educated at	Lori Cox Han earned her Ph.D in Political Science from the University of Southern California in 1997.	Lori Cox Han	University of Southern California
educated at	Rajnarayan Chandavarkar (1953 -- April 23, 2006) was a reader in the History and Politics of South Asia and Fellow at Trinity College, Cambridge.	Rajnarayan Chandavarkar	Trinity College
educated at	Michael Melkonian studied Biology at the University of Hamburg 1968--1978, receiving a Diploma degree in Botany in 1974.	Michael Melkonian	University of Hamburg
educated at	After studying comparative literature and philosophy at the University of Nantes, Patrick Deville lived in the Middle East, in Nigeria, and in Algeria.	Patrick Deville	University of Nantes
educated at	Jeffrey Steingarten graduated from Harvard University in 1965, where he was an officer of the Harvard Lampoon, and Harvard Law School, where he was a member of the Harvard Legal Aid Bureau, in 1968.	Jeffrey Steingarten	Harvard Law School
educated at	Jennifer Guglielmo is a writer, historian and associate professor at Smith College, specializing in the histories of labor, race, women, im/migration, transnational cultures and activisms, and revolutionary social movements in the modern United States.	Jennifer Guglielmo	Smith College
educated at	Wannarat Channukul studied Medicine at the Chulalongkorn University, graduating with an M.D., and Law at the Sukhothai Thammathirat Open University, graduating with an LL.B. He continued his education at the University of Hawaii, receiving a Master of Public Health degree.	Wannarat Channukul	Chulalongkorn University
educated at	Selo Soemardjan obtained his PhD at Cornell University.	Selo Soemardjan	Cornell University
educated at	Charles Coleman Thach (March 15, 1860 -- October 15, 1921) was the President of Alabama Polytechnic Institute, now known as Auburn University, from 1902 to 1920.	Charles Coleman Thach	Auburn University
educated at	Greg Genske was born and raised in Southern California, where he attended Diamond Bar High School and then Pepperdine University.	Greg Genske	Pepperdine University
educated at	Moses Taylor Pyne (December 21, 1855 -- April 22, 1921), was a financier and philanthropist, and one of Princeton University's greatest benefactors and most influential trustees.	Moses Taylor Pyne	Princeton University
educated at	Martin Chittenden attended Mares School and in 1789 graduated from Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire.	Martin Chittenden	Dartmouth College
educated at	Sajjan Jindal holds B.E in Mechanical Engineering from M S Ramaiah Institute of Technology, Bangalore being affiliated from Visvesvaraya Technological University,Belgaum,Karnataka which was earlier under Bangalore University,Bangalore.	Sajjan Jindal	Bangalore University
educated at	Jeannie Suk (born 1973) is a professor of law at Harvard Law School.	Jeannie Suk	Harvard Law School
educated at	Carolyn Gold Heilbrun (January 13, 1926 -- October 9, 2003) was an American academic at Columbia University, the first woman to receive tenure in the English department, and a prolific feminist author of important academic studies.	Carolyn Gold Heilbrun	Columbia University
educated at	Daniel Leech-Wilkinson is a musicologist, who is a Professor of Music at King's College London.	Daniel Leech-Wilkinson	King's College London
educated at	In 1929, Suleyman Rustam continued his education at the faculty of literature and arts of Moscow State University.	Suleyman Rustam	Moscow State University
educated at	Born in Eskişehir, Enis Batur studied at St. Joseph High School (Istanbul), METU-Sociology (Ankara), and Sorbonne University (Paris).	Enis Batur	St. Joseph High School
educated at	Born in Newton-le-Willows, St Helens, Lancashire, England, Rodney Robert Porter received his Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Liverpool in 1939 for Biochemistry.	Rodney Robert Porter	University of Liverpool
educated at	Aurelian Silvestru graduated from Alecu Russo State University of Bălţi and got a PhD from Moscow Institute of Psychology.	Aurelian Silvestru	Alecu Russo State University of Bălţi
educated at	Trairong Suwankiri has started his career as private secretary to Professor Puey Ungpakorn, at this time prominent rector of the Thammasat University.	Trairong Suwankiri	Thammasat University
educated at	Hussein Naim received his Ph.D. degree in biochemistry from the University of Bern, Switzerland in 1989.	Hussein Naim	University of Bern
educated at	Kenneth Sandford was born Kenneth Parkin in Godalming, Surrey and raised in Sheffield, where his father became landlord of a pub. Sandford hoped to be an artist, studying painting at the College of Arts and Crafts in Sheffield, where he won a scholarship to the Royal College of Art in London.	Kenneth Sandford	Royal College of Art
educated at	Roger Long (1680 -- 16 December 1770) was an English astronomer, and Master of Pembroke College, Cambridge between 1733 and 1770.	Roger Long	Pembroke College
educated at	Colleen Wasinger received her bachelor's degree in paralegal studies from Missouri State University.	Colleen Wasinger	Missouri State University
educated at	Robert Leavitt was a native of Boston, Massachusetts, and attended Mercersburg Academy in Mercersburg, Pennsylvania, and graduated from Williams College in 1907.	Robert Leavitt	Williams College
educated at	Gopinath Kallianpur (1925--2015) was an Indian American mathematician and statistician who became the first director of the Indian Statistical Institute (1976--79) under its new Memorandum of Association.	Gopinath Kallianpur	Indian Statistical Institute
educated at	After attending the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Jim Broyhill joined his father's company in 1945 and served in various capacities there until 1962.	Jim Broyhill	University of North Carolina
educated at	Betsy Foxman was awarded a BSc in Conservation of Natural Resources from the University of California, Berkeley, and a PhD.	Betsy Foxman	University of California, Berkeley
educated at	Deborah M. Gordon (born December 30, 1955) is a biologist at Stanford University.	Deborah M. Gordon	Stanford University
educated at	Linda Gregerson received a B.A. from Oberlin College in 1971, an M.A. from Northwestern University, an M.F.A. from the University of Iowa Writers Workshop, and her Ph.D. from Stanford University.	Linda Gregerson	Oberlin College	Northwestern University	Stanford University
educated at	Matthew Dewey is an Australian composer and music producer who studied composition with Professor Douglas Knehans at the University of Tasmania and composition/theatrical design/singing with Greek-Australian composer/designer Constantine Koukias.	Matthew Dewey	University of Tasmania
educated at	Robert Malley attended Yale University, and was a 1984 Rhodes Scholar at Oxford University, where he earned a Ph.D. in political philosophy.	Robert Malley	Yale University
educated at	A native of Little Rock, Arkansas, Charlotte Jones Anderson is a 1988 graduate of Stanford University where she earned a B.S. degree in human biology.	Charlotte Jones Anderson	Stanford University
educated at	Robert Carr was educated at Westminster School and Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge, where he read Natural Sciences, graduating in 1938.	Robert Carr	Westminster School	Gonville and Caius College
educated at	Campbell Armstrong (25 February 1944 -- 1 March 2013) was born Thomas Campbell Black and was a Scottish author who graduated with a degree in Philosophy from the University of Sussex, England.	Campbell Armstrong	University of Sussex
educated at	James M. Redfield (born 1935) is the Edward Olson Distinguished Service Professor of Classics at the University of Chicago.	James M. Redfield	University of Chicago
educated at	Stephen Leacock, always of obvious intelligence, was sent by his grandfather to the elite private school of Upper Canada College in Toronto, also attended by his older brothers, where he was top of the class and was chosen as head boy.	Stephen Leacock	Upper Canada College
educated at	Edwin S. Webster(1867--1950) was an early electrical engineer and graduate from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.	Edwin S. Webster	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
educated at	Raffaello de Banfield attended the Swiss International ``Lyceum Alpinum Zuoz'', the ``Dante Alighieri'' Lyceum in Trieste, the University of Bologna and the Benedetto Marcello Conservatory in Venice led by Gian Francesco Malipiero.	Raffaello de Banfield	University of Bologna
educated at	Valentinas Mikelėnas (born on 6 April 1958) is a Lithuanian lawyer, former Justice of the Supreme Court of Lithuania, and one of the most prominent Lithuanian civil law scholars at Vilnius University.	Valentinas Mikelėnas	Vilnius University
educated at	The daughter of pianist Emil Gilels, Elena Gilels studied at the Moscow Conservatory under Vera Gornostayeva and Yakov Flier, then with Pavel Serebryakov at the Leningrad Conservatory.	Elena Gilels	Moscow Conservatory
educated at	James Halyburton (1518 -- February 1589), Scottish Protestant reformer, was educated at the University of St Andrews, Fife, where he graduated MA in 1538.	James Halyburton	University of St Andrews
educated at	Avraham Fahn (Hebrew:אברהם פאהן 1916 - February 2012) was an Israeli professor of botany at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.	Avraham Fahn	Hebrew University of Jerusalem
educated at	Philip Burton Moon was born in 1907, attended Leyton Sixth Form College, and in 1925 entered Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge.	Philip Burton Moon	Sidney Sussex College
educated at	Eric Van Stryland received the Physics PhD degree in 1976, from the University of Arizona, Optical Sciences Center, Tucson, Arizona, where he worked on optical coherent transients and photon counting statistics.	Eric Van Stryland	University of Arizona
educated at	Patrick Michaels obtained an A.B. in biological science in 1971 and an S.M. in biology in 1975 from the University of Chicago, and in 1979 obtained his Ph.D. in ecological climatology from the University of Wisconsin-Madison.	Patrick Michaels	University of Chicago	University of Wisconsin-Madison
educated at	Ruth Kark (Hebrew: רות קרק‎) is an Israeli scholar and Professor of Geography at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.	Ruth Kark	Hebrew University of Jerusalem
educated at	Hage Geingob received his Ph.D. from the University of Leeds.	Hage Geingob	University of Leeds
educated at	Victoria A. Budson is the founding Executive Director of the Women and Public Policy Program (WAPPP) at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Victoria A. Budson	Harvard University
educated at	Javier Treviño holds a B.A. degree in International Relations from El Colegio de México and a Master in Public Policy degree from Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government.	Javier Treviño	Harvard University
educated at	Alice Temperley grew up in Somerset, on her parents' cider farm and graduated from the Royal College of Art and Central Saint Martins.	Alice Temperley	Royal College of Art	Central Saint Martins
educated at	Ishaq Khan Khakwani completed his BSc in Electrical Engineering from the University of Engineering and Technology, Lahore in 1971 and worked as an engineer in Pakistan Railways for 18 years before entering the political arena.	Ishaq Khan Khakwani	University of Engineering and Technology
educated at	With only a brief stay in this position, Zhou Long journeyed to the United States under a fellowship to attend Columbia University and further his composition studies with Chou Wen-chung, Mario Davidovsky, and George Edwards, receiving a Doctor of Musical Arts in 1993.	Zhou Long	Columbia University
educated at	In 1889, Clarence Cory received a degree of bachelor of Mechanical Engineering in Electrical Engineering from Purdue University at the age of 16.	Clarence Cory	Purdue University
educated at	Luciana León holds a law degree from the University of Lima and a Master of Governance and Public Policy from the University of San Martín de Porres.	Luciana León	University of Lima
educated at	Carole Terry received her musical training at Southern Methodist University in Dallas, Texas (organ with Robert T. Anderson, harpsichord with Larry Palmer), Eastman School of Music (organ with David Craighead), and Stanford University, where she obtained in 1977 a Doctor of Musical Arts degree in early music performance practice.	Carole Terry	Southern Methodist University	Eastman School of Music	Stanford University
educated at	Prior to his career at Ohio State University, Vince Workman attended Dublin Coffman High School in Dublin, Ohio, where he still owns all but one rushing record from his tenure in 1982-1984.	Vince Workman	Ohio State University
educated at	Roberto Dañino earned his law degrees from Harvard Law School.	Roberto Dañino	Harvard Law School
educated at	Rachel Mayanja obtained the degree of Bachelor of Laws (LLB), from Makerere University.	Rachel Mayanja	Makerere University
educated at	Natalya Antonova (Russian: Наталия Антонова) is a Russian pianist and educator at the Eastman School of Music.	Natalya Antonova	Eastman School of Music
educated at	Theodor Wulf became a Jesuit priest at the age of 20, before studying physics with Walther Nernst at the University of Göttingen.	Theodor Wulf	University of Göttingen
educated at	Greg Lindquist was born in Wilmington, North Carolina, graduated from Emsley A. Laney High School in 1997, studied art and English at North Carolina State University and attended graduate school in New York at Pratt Institute, earning a MFA in painting and masters in art history.	Greg Lindquist	North Carolina State University	Pratt Institute
educated at	Elisha Qimron is an academic in the study of ancient Hebrew, in which he took his PhD in 1976 at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, writing his dissertation on The Hebrew of the Scrolls.	Elisha Qimron	Hebrew University of Jerusalem
educated at	Bruno Cremer attended the Cours Hattemer, a private school.	Bruno Cremer	Hattemer
educated at	Galia Sabar (Hebrew: גליה צבר‎, born 1963, Israel) is a Professor of African Studies at Tel Aviv University.	Galia Sabar	Tel Aviv University
educated at	Roger Drew is a British illustrator and television screenwriter, and was educated at Victoria College, Jersey.	Roger Drew	Victoria College
educated at	Sweta Singh did graduation in Mass Communication from Patna University.	Sweta Singh	Patna University
educated at	Menno Schilthuizen (born 1965) is a Dutch evolutionary biologist, ecologist, and permanent research scientist at Naturalis Biodiversity Center in Leiden and a professor in character evolution and biodiversity at Leiden University, The Netherlands.	Menno Schilthuizen	Leiden University
educated at	Dr. Ruta Bloomfield received the degree of Doctor of Musical Arts in Historical Performance practices at Claremont Graduate University in 2008, where she studied harpsichord with Robert Zappulla.	Ruta Bloomfield	Claremont Graduate University
educated at	He is best known as the inventor of the U.S. Patent 5,990,810 and the founder of Rocksoft Pty Ltd. Ross Williams gained his PhD in data compression from the University of Adelaide in 1991 and his thesis was subsequently published as Adaptive Data Compression.	Ross Williams	University of Adelaide
educated at	Chaohua Wang is a freelance essayist and researcher, with a Ph.D. in modern Chinese literature from the University of California, Los Angeles.	Chaohua Wang	University of California, Los Angeles
educated at	John Millott Ellis (March 27, 1831 -- 1894) was a 19th-century abolitionist minister and intellectual who served as acting President of Oberlin College in 1871.	John Millott Ellis	Oberlin College
educated at	Graham Goddard studied Fine Arts at the University of Southern California (USC) (Class of 2004, BFA).	Graham Goddard	University of Southern California
educated at	Born to William Henry Lillywhite and Annie Kate (née Vesey), Louis Lillywhite attended King Edward VI School and the University of Wales College of Medicine and the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine.	Louis Lillywhite	University of Wales
educated at	Tyler Jacks graduated magna cum laude with Highest Honors in biology from Harvard University in 1983 and earned a PhD in biochemistry from the University of California, San Francisco in 1988.	Tyler Jacks	Harvard University
educated at	Since 2000 Brian Kernighan has been a Professor at the Computer Science Department of Princeton University, where he is also the Undergraduate Department Representative.	Brian Kernighan	Princeton University
educated at	The Andrew Lang lectures at the University of St Andrews are named after him.	Andrew Lang	University of St Andrews
educated at	Collin Peterson was born in Fargo, North Dakota, grew up on a farm in Baker, Minnesota, and received his B.A. at Minnesota State University Moorhead.	Collin Peterson	Minnesota State University Moorhead
educated at	Torkel Weis-Fogh (1922--1975) was a Danish zoologist and Professor at the University of Cambridge and the University of Copenhagen.	Torkel Weis-Fogh	University of Copenhagen
educated at	June Berry studied painting at the Slade School of Fine Art, London.	June Berry	Slade School of Fine Art
educated at	Brad Pelo was born in Missoula, Montana, graduated from Orem High School and attended Brigham Young University.	Brad Pelo	Brigham Young University
educated at	Born in 1946, Timothy Gorringe was educated at St Edmund Hall, Oxford (BA 1969, MPhil 1975) and Sarum Theological College (1969--72).	Timothy Gorringe	St Edmund Hall
educated at	Spyros Kouvelis has a major in Economics from the Law School of the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens and a Masters of Science in Agricultural and Environmental Economics from the University of Reading, in Reading, Berkshire, U.K..	Spyros Kouvelis	National and Kapodistrian University of Athens	University of Reading
educated at	Michelle Jerott obtained a degree in Classical archaeology from the University of Michigan.	Michelle Jerott	University of Michigan
educated at	Miner Searle Bates (born 1897, Newark, Ohio; d.1978) was educated at numerous, prestigious institutions such as the University of Oxford, Yale University, and Hiram College.	Miner Searle Bates	University of Oxford	Yale University
educated at	Brian Corsetti grew up in St. Petersburg, Florida and graduated from Hunter College in New York City.	Brian Corsetti	Hunter College
educated at	Christof Heyns is a Professor of Human Rights Law, Co-director of the Institute for International and Comparative Law in Africa at the University of Pretoria and United Nations Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions.	Christof Heyns	University of Pretoria
educated at	George Stewart Miller (May 12, 1884 -- June 1971) was the acting president of Tufts College (later Tufts University) from 1937 to 1938, between the terms of the sixth and seventh elected presidents.	George Stewart Miller	Tufts University
educated at	President of the University from 1953 to 1962 and a charter faculty member of the University as a marine biologist, Jay F. W. Pearson was recruited from the University of Pittsburgh and succeeded Bowman Foster Ashe as President.	Jay F. W. Pearson	University of Pittsburgh
educated at	In 1972, Berhane Abrehe graduated with a Master of Science in Civil Engineering from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.	Berhane Abrehe	University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
educated at	Henry John Cody (December 6, 1868 -- April 27, 1951) was a Canadian clergyman and President of the University of Toronto from 1932 to 1945 and Chancellor from 1944 to 1947.	Henry John Cody	University of Toronto
educated at	After completing St. Michael's College School in Toronto, Ontario, forward Greg Britz enrolled at Harvard University, where he played for the school's hockey team.	Greg Britz	Harvard University
educated at	Traian Coșovei was born in the Danube Delta in a fisherman's family, and graduated from the Letters and Philosophy Department of the University of Bucharest in 1947.	Traian Coșovei	University of Bucharest
educated at	Emin Halid Onat (1908--1961), was a Turkish architect and former rector of Istanbul Technical University.	Emin Halid Onat	Istanbul Technical University
educated at	Treon Harris is an American college football player who attends the University of Florida, and plays for its Florida Gators football team.	Treon Harris	University of Florida
employer	Roman Grodecki (21 April 1889 in Rzeszów -- 17 April 1964 in Kraków) was a Polish economic historian, a professor at the Jagiellonian University in Kraków, and a member of the Polish Academy of Arts and Sciences.	Roman Grodecki	Jagiellonian University
employer	Manju Bansal (born. December 1, 1950) specializes in the field of Molecular biophysics and is currently a professor of theoretical Biophysics group in Molecular Biophysicsunit of in the Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore.	Manju Bansal	Indian Institute of Science
employer	Elizabeth Fallaize (3 June 1950 -- 6 December 2009) was a British academic who was Pro-Vice Chancellor of the University of Oxford and a French studies scholar.	Elizabeth Fallaize	University of Oxford
employer	Milton Bearden a retired Central Intelligence Agency officer, author, film consultant, and third chair on the Dudley and Bob with Matt Morning Show.	Milton Bearden	Central Intelligence Agency
employer	Jeremy Mortimer is a British director and producer of radio dramas for BBC Radio.	Jeremy Mortimer	BBC
employer	David R. Montgomery is a Professor of Earth and Space Sciences at the University of Washington in Seattle, where he leads the Geomorphological Research Group and is a member of the Quaternary Research Center.	David R. Montgomery	University of Washington
employer	Gary Berntsen is a decorated former Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) career officer who served in the Directorate of Operations between October 1982 and June 2005.	Gary Berntsen	Central Intelligence Agency
employer	Jamie Peck FRSC FAcSS (born July 9, 1962 in Kimberley, Nottinghamshire, UK) is Canada Research Chair in Urban & Regional Political Economy and Professor of Geography at the University of British Columbia, Canada.	Jamie Peck	University of British Columbia
employer	Rick Sirvaitis is an advertising executive in New York City and the President of Storeboard Media LLC, a media sales company with the exclusive right to place advertisements on security pedestals in stores across the United States.	Rick Sirvaitis	Storeboard Media
employer	Steve Joordens is Professor of Psychology, University of Toronto Scarborough.	Steve Joordens	University of Toronto
employer	Joan Brockman is a professor at Simon Fraser University in Burnaby, British Columbia.	Joan Brockman	Simon Fraser University
employer	Birger Gerhardsson (1926 -- 25 December 2013) was a Swedish Biblical scholar and professor emeritus in the Faculty of Theology at Lund University, Sweden.	Birger Gerhardsson	Lund University
employer	Professor Judith Kimble is a Henry Vilas Professor of Biochemistry, Molecular Biology, Medical Genetics and Cell and Regenerative Biology at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison and Investigator with the Howard Hughes Medical Institute (HHMI).	Judith Kimble	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
employer	Ronald Karslake Starr Wood FRS (born 8 April 1919) is a British plant pathologist, and Emeritus Professor of Plant Pathology in the Imperial College London.	Ronald Karslake Starr Wood	Imperial College London
employer	Dani Sinha (/ˈsɪnhɑː/) is a British broadcast journalist and presenter, best known for her work on BBC World News and South Today.	Dani Sinha	BBC
employer	Originally from Pakistan, Masood Ashraf Raja (Urdu: مسعود اشرف راجہ) is an Associate Professor of Postcolonial literature and Theory at the University of North Texas and the editor of Pakistaniaat:	Masood Ashraf Raja	University of North Texas
employer	Stephen Menn (born 1964) is Associate Professor of Philosophy at McGill University and Professor of Ancient and Contemporary Philosophy at Humboldt University of Berlin and the author of Descartes and Augustine about the origin of Descartes' cogito.	Stephen Menn	McGill University
employer	Raymond Jeanloz is a professor of earth and planetary science and of astronomy at the University of California, Berkeley.	Raymond Jeanloz	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Prof Alfred Joseph Clark MC FRS FRSE (19 August 1885 -- 30 July 1941) was a British pharmacologist and Professor of Pharmacology at the University College, London.	Alfred Joseph Clark	University College, London
employer	Angela Finger-Erben (born 2 February 1980 in Nuremberg) is a German TV presenter and journalist for RTL Television.	Angela Finger-Erben	RTL Television
employer	Mei-Chi Shaw is a professor of mathematics at the University of Notre Dame.	Mei-Chi Shaw	University of Notre Dame
employer	Peter Koslowski (2 October 1952 -- 15 May 2012) was a Professor of Philosophy, especially Philosophy of Management and Organisation and History of Modern Philosophy, at the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam (VU University Amsterdam).	Peter Koslowski	Vrije Universiteit
employer	Małgorzata Dąbrowska (born 11 January 1956 in Łódź, Poland) is a Polish historian, Byzantinist, dean of the History Department at the University of Łódź.	Małgorzata Dąbrowska	University of Łódź
employer	Don Higginbotham (May 22, 1931 -- June 22, 2008) was an American historian and Dowd Professor of History and Peace, War, and Defense at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.	Don Higginbotham	University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
employer	Lieutenant General Paul Ignace Mella, a native of the United Republic of Tanzania, is the Force Commander of the African Union-United Nations Hybrid Operation in Darfur (UNAMID).	Paul Ignace Mella	United Nations
employer	Susan Treggiari is an English scholar of Ancient Rome, emeritus professor of Stanford University and retired member of the Faculty of Classics at the University of Oxford.	Susan Treggiari	Stanford University
employer	Jonathan Alter (born October 6, 1957) is an American journalist, best-selling author, and television producer who was a columnist and senior editor for Newsweek magazine from 1983 until 2011, and has written three New York Times best-selling books about American presidents.	Jonathan Alter	Newsweek
employer	Sarah Bilston is a British author and professor of English literature at Trinity College, Hartford.	Sarah Bilston	Trinity College
employer	Benjamin Ide Wheeler (July 15, 1854 in Randolph, Massachusetts -- May 2, 1927) was a Greek and comparative philology professor at Cornell University as well as President of the University of California from 1899 to 1919.	Benjamin Ide Wheeler	Cornell University
employer	Ole Humlum (born 21 July 1949) is a Danish professor of physical geography at the University of Oslo, Department of Geosciences and adjunct professor of physical geography at the University Centre in Svalbard.	Ole Humlum	University of Oslo
employer	Daniel Apai (born 1977) is a professor and astrophysicist at The University of Arizona.	Daniel Apai	University of Arizona
employer	Hara Tanzan (原坦山) (December 5, 1819 -- July 27, 1892) was a Soto Buddhist monk, head monk at the Saijoji temple in Odawara and a professor of Philosophy at the University of Tokyo during the Bakumatsu and Meiji periods.	Hara Tanzan	University of Tokyo
employer	Andrew G. Bostom (MD, MS) is an American author and Associate Professor of Medicine at Brown University Medical School.	Andrew G. Bostom	Brown University
employer	Adriana Kugler is a Colombian American Economist and Professor of Public Policy at Georgetown University.	Adriana Kugler	Georgetown University
employer	UKTV gave a description of the series: ``In this ultimate food and music pilgrimage, the perennially popular Hairy Bikers are getting back in the saddle as they explore the length of the iconic Mississippi River in America in pursuit of the delicious roots of soul food and Southern music.''	Hairy Bikers	UKTV
employer	Charles Scribner II (October 18, 1854 -- April 19, 1930) was the president of Charles Scribner's Sons and a trustee at Skidmore College.	Charles Scribner II	Charles Scribner's Sons
employer	Winfield Hill is the Director of the Electronics Engineering Laboratory at the Rowland Institute at Harvard University.	Winfield Hill	Harvard University
employer	Laird Boswell is Professor of History at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, specializing in the history of modern France.	Laird Boswell	University of Wisconsin-Madison
employer	Mark Leier is a Professor of working class and left-wing history at Simon Fraser University.	Mark Leier	Simon Fraser University
employer	Jean Matter Mandler is Distinguished Research Professor of Cognitive Science at the University of California, San Diego and Visiting Professor at University College London.	Jean Matter Mandler	University of California, San Diego
employer	Salar Kamangar (Persian: سالار کمانگر‎‎; born 1977 in Tehran) is a senior executive at Google and former CEO of Google's YouTube brand.	Salar Kamangar	Google
employer	Dr. Tomlinson Fort, Jr. (April 16, 1932 -- September 13, 2012) served as head of the Chemical Engineering departments at Carnegie Mellon and Vanderbilt University.	Tomlinson Fort, Jr.	Vanderbilt University
employer	Ashok Banerjee is a Professor of Finance at Indian Institute of Management Calcutta.	Ashok Banerjee	Indian Institute of Management Calcutta
employer	Ivan Krstić is a Croatian computer security expert, currently working on core security at Apple Inc. Krstić was previously the director of security architecture at One Laptop per Child.	Ivan Krstić	Apple Inc.
employer	George Leitmann (born 1925) is an American control theorist and an emeritus Professor in the Department of Mechanical Engineering at the University of California, Berkeley.	George Leitmann	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Miguel Altieri is a Professor of Agroecology at the University of California, Berkeley in the Department of Environmental Science, Policy and Management.	Miguel Altieri	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Phoebe C. Ellsworth is a social psychologist and professor at the University of Michigan, holding dual appointments at the Psychology Department and in the Law School.	Phoebe C. Ellsworth	University of Michigan
employer	In September 2010, Yiruma cancelled his contract with Stomp Music and signed with Sony Music Entertainment Korea.	Yiruma	Sony Music Entertainment
employer	Clifford Leech (1909--1977) was a prolifically published British-born professor of English at University College at the University of Toronto 1963-74.	Clifford Leech	University of Toronto
employer	Brigadier General Leanne van den Hoek (born August 21, 1958 in Rotterdam) is an officer of the Royal Netherlands Army.	Leanne van den Hoek	Royal Netherlands Army
employer	Russi Mody (17 January 1918 -- 16 May 2014) was a Chairman and Managing Director of Tata Steel and a leading member of the Tata Group.	Russi Mody	Tata Steel
employer	Harold Bolitho (3 January 1939 -- 23 October 2010) was an Australian academic, historian, author and professor emeritus in the Department of East Asian Languages and Civilizations at Harvard University The name Bolitho is of Cornish origin.	Harold Bolitho	Harvard University
employer	Meenakshi Banerjee is an Indian cyanobacteriologist and presently heads the Bioscience Department of Barkatullah University, Bhopal.	Meenakshi Banerjee	Barkatullah University
employer	Ludwig David Morenz (born 4 April 1965) is German professor in Egyptology at the University of Bonn.	Ludwig David Morenz	University of Bonn
employer	Peretz P. Friedmann is an American aerospace engineer, the François-Xavier Bagnoud Professor of Aerospace Engineering at the University of Michigan, and the editor-in-chief of the AIAA Journal.	Peretz P. Friedmann	University of Michigan
employer	Isaac Schapera (23 June 1905 Garies, Cape Colony -- 26 June 2003 London, England), was a social anthropologist at the London School of Economics specialising in South Africa.	Isaac Schapera	London School of Economics
employer	Dennis Gaitsgory is a professor of mathematics at Harvard University known for his research on the geometric Langlands program.	Dennis Gaitsgory	Harvard University
employer	Ray Mackintosh is an emeritus professor of nuclear physics based at the UK's Open University in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire.	Ray Mackintosh	Open University
employer	Stefan Seeger (born 11 July 1962, Michelstadt, Hesse) is a German chemist and professor at the University of Zurich in Switzerland.	Stefan Seeger	University of Zurich
employer	Charles Seife is an American author and journalist, a professor at New York University.	Charles Seife	New York University
employer	Candace A. Yano is Professor and Chair at Haas School of Business's Operations and Information Technology Management Group, and Professor and former Head of Department of Industrial Engineering & Operations Research, both at University of California, Berkeley.	Candace A. Yano	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Chimen Abramsky (September 12, 1916 -- March 14, 2010) was emeritus Professor of Jewish Studies at University College London.	Chimen Abramsky	University College London
employer	John Howard Lindauer II (born November 20, 1937) is an economist who served as chancellor for the University of Alaska Anchorage from 1976 to 1978 then was Dean of the School of Business and Public Affairs.	John Howard Lindauer	University of Alaska Anchorage
employer	Aviel Roshwald is an American historian and Professor of history at Georgetown University.	Aviel Roshwald	Georgetown University
employer	Jessica Fridrich is a professor at Binghamton University, who specializes in data hiding applications in digital imagery.	Jessica Fridrich	Binghamton University
employer	Rik Pinxten (born 12 March 1947, Antwerp) is a professor and researcher in cultural anthropology at Ghent University.	Rik Pinxten	Ghent University
employer	Joel Black is a Professor of Comparative Literature at the University of Georgia in Athens, Georgia.	Joel Black	University of Georgia
employer	Paul Reckzeh (November 4, 1913 in Berlin -- March 31, 1996 in Hamburg) was a physician and Gestapo spy who, at the end of 1943, betrayed the members of the Solf Circle, which he had joined while claiming to be a Swiss doctor.	Paul Reckzeh	Gestapo
employer	Behrouz Afagh is Head of BBC World Service's Asia & Pacific Region.	Behrouz Afagh	BBC
employer	Kai Li is a professor at the department of Computer Science in Princeton University.	Kai Li	Princeton University
employer	Brian Darling (born 1965 in Andover, Massachusetts) is a senior fellow in government studies at The Heritage Foundation, a conservative think-tank based in Washington, D.C. Darling has been involved in U.S. politics since the early 1990s, in roles as a congressional aide, lobbyist and legal counsel.	Brian Darling	The Heritage Foundation
employer	Óscar Omar Treviño Morales (born January 26, 1974) is a convicted Mexican drug lord and former leader of Los Zetas, a criminal organization.	Omar Treviño Morales	Los Zetas
employer	Alain Gringarten (born 26 August 1945) is a French scientist, professor, and Director of the Center for Petroleum Studies at Imperial College, London, UK.	Alain Gringarten	Imperial College, London
employer	Salim Mansur is an Associate Professor of Political Science at the University of Western Ontario in Canada.	Salim Mansur	University of Western Ontario
employer	Donald D. Brown is a professor at the Carnegie Institution for Science and an adjunct professor at Johns Hopkins University.	Donald D. Brown	Johns Hopkins University
employer	Sara Coburn (born 25 December 1963 in Northern Ireland) is a journalist and currently a business presenter on BBC Breakfast and the BBC News channel.	Sara Coburn	BBC
employer	Katarzyna Chałasińska-Macukow (born 20 March 1946) is a Physicist and professor at the University of Warsaw, in 2005 and again in 2008 elected for the post of the rector of the University of Warsaw.	Katarzyna Chałasińska-Macukow	University of Warsaw
employer	Jacob Lassner is the Philip M. & Ethel Klutznick Professor of Jewish civilization Emeritus at Northwestern University.	Jacob Lassner	Northwestern University
employer	Nathan Glazer (born February 25, 1923) is an American sociologist who taught at the University of California, Berkeley and for several decades at Harvard University.	Nathan Glazer	University of California, Berkeley	Harvard University
employer	Ed Woll (died 2010) was an American Engineer who developed the first modern gas turbine engines for General Electric.	Ed Woll	General Electric
employer	Dan Guerrero (born November 10, 1951) is the athletic director for the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA).	Dan Guerrero	University of California, Los Angeles
employer	R. Jay Wallace is a Professor of Philosophy at the University of California, Berkeley.	R. Jay Wallace	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Craig Callender (born 1968) is a philosopher of science and professor of philosophy at the University of California, San Diego.	Craig Callender	University of California, San Diego
employer	Ms. Judy Cheng-Hopkins of Malaysia is the United Nations Secretary-General's Special Adviser on the University for Peace.	Judy Cheng-Hopkins	United Nations
employer	The evening colloquium in physics at Leiden University, initated by Paul Ehrenfest in 1912, still continues under the name Colloquium Ehrenfestii.	Paul Ehrenfest	Leiden University
employer	Alfred Tozzer was born in Lynn, Massachusetts was born to Samuel Clarence (1846-1908) and Caroline (née Marston, 1847-1926) Tozzer, and graduated in Anthropology from Harvard University in 1900.	Alfred Tozzer	Harvard University
employer	Polly Billington (born 1967) is a former BBC journalist who worked on the Today programme before becoming a special advisor to Ed Miliband.	Polly Billington	BBC
employer	Eleanor Robson is a Professor of Ancient Near Eastern History at the Department of History, University College London, chair of the British Institute for the Study of Iraq and a Quondam Fellow of All Souls College, Oxford.	Eleanor Robson	University College London
employer	Hisashi Kobayashi (Japanese: 小林 久志 Kobayashi Hisashi; born on June 13, 1938) is the Sherman Fairchild University Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Emeritus at Princeton University in Princeton, New Jersey.	Hisashi Kobayashi	Princeton University
employer	H. Lee Swanson is a Distinguished Professor in the Graduate School of Education at the University of California, Riverside.	H. Lee Swanson	University of California, Riverside
employer	Jonathan Sutherland (Born 1977) is a Scottish television and radio presenter and producer, currently the main presenter of BBC Scotland's Sunday night Sportscene on BBC One Scotland.	Jonathan Sutherland	BBC
employer	Sean O'Rourke is an Irish journalist and broadcaster who works for the state TV company, Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ).	Sean O'Rourke	Raidió Teilifís Éireann
employer	Michael Triantafyllou is Professor of Mechanical and Ocean Engineering in the Department of Mechanical Engineering, Director of the Center for Ocean Engineering, Head of the Area of Ocean Science and Engineering, and Director of the Testing Tank and Propeller Tunnel Facilities at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).	Michael Triantafyllou	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Samuel B. Bacharach is the McKelvey-Grant Professor in the Department of organizational behavior at Cornell University's ILR School.	Samuel B. Bacharach	Cornell University
employer	Paul De Grauwe (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈpʌul də ˈɣrʌuə); born July 18, 1946) is a Belgian economist and John Paulson Professor in European Political Economy at the London School of Economics and Political Science as head of the European Institute.	Paul De Grauwe	London School of Economics
employer	Luís Amado graduated in economics at the Technical University of Lisbon.	Luís Amado	Technical University of Lisbon
employer	Michael Mandelbaum (born 1946) is the Christian A. Herter Professor and Director of the American Foreign Policy program at the Johns Hopkins University, School of Advanced International Studies.	Michael Mandelbaum	Johns Hopkins University
employer	George A. Lopez is a founding faculty of the Kroc Institute for International Peace Studies at the University of Notre Dame where he holds the Rev. Theodore M. Hesburgh, C.S.C. Chair in Peace Studies.	George A. Lopez	University of Notre Dame
employer	Garry Shewan is a British police officer who is the Assistant Chief Constable of Greater Manchester Police.	Garry Shewan	Greater Manchester Police
employer	J Mays (born October 15, 1954 in Pauls Valley, Oklahoma, U.S.) was Group Vice President of Global Design and Chief Creative Officer at Ford Motor Company.	J Mays	Ford
employer	Paul Tseng was a Taiwanese-born American and Canadian applied mathematician and a professor at the Department of Mathematics at the University of Washington, in Seattle, Washington.	Paul Tseng	University of Washington
employer	Dennis Trembly is Professor of string bass at the University of Southern California.	Dennis Trembly	University of Southern California
employer	Amy Cohen-Corwin (formerly known as Amy C. Murray) is a professor of mathematics at Rutgers University and former Dean of University College at Rutgers University.	Amy Cohen-Corwin	Rutgers University
employer	Frederick Middlebush (October 15, 1890 -- June 8, 1971) was an American educator and thirteenth president of the University of Missouri in Columbia, Missouri from 1935-1954.	Frederick Middlebush	University of Missouri
employer	Rebecca John (born 15 April 1970) is a presenter and reporter for Wales Today, BBC Wales on British television.	Rebecca John	BBC
employer	Niels Peter Lemche (born 6 September 1945) is a biblical scholar at the University of Copenhagen, whose interests include early Israel and its relationship with history, the Old Testament, and archaeology.	Niels Peter Lemche	University of Copenhagen
employer	Andrzej Górak (born February 15, 1951 in Andrychów, Poland) is a polish process engineer and the Head of Laboratory of Fluid Separations at the Department of Biochemical and Chemical Engineering at the TU Dortmund University.	Andrzej Górak	TU Dortmund University
employer	David Boies (born March 11, 1941) is an American lawyer and chairman of the law firm Boies, Schiller & Flexner.	David Boies	Boies, Schiller & Flexner
employer	Józef Feldman, war pseudonym Józef Sokołowski, born on 1 August 1899 in Przemyśl, died on 16 June 1946 in Cracow, Pole of Jewish descent, historian, professor of the Jagiellonian University in Cracow and member of the Polish Academy of Learning.	Józef Feldman	Jagiellonian University
employer	Andreas Stöberl (ca. 1464 in Pleiskirchen near Altötting -- September 3, 1515 in Vienna), better known by his latinised name Andreas Stiborius (Boius), was a German humanist astronomer, mathematician, and theologian working mainly at the University of Vienna.	Andreas Stöberl	University of Vienna
employer	Dale L. Goodhue (born ca 1944) is an American Information systems researcher, and Professor at the Management Information Systems Department of the University of Georgia, known for his work on enterprise systems and data management in large organizations.	Dale L. Goodhue	University of Georgia
employer	Eric Ineke also teaches at the Royal Conservatory of The Hague.	Eric Ineke	Royal Conservatory of The Hague
employer	Mark Byford (born 13 June 1958) was Deputy Director General of the British Broadcasting Corporation and head of BBC Journalism from 2004--2011.	Mark Byford	BBC
employer	Kai Arzheimer (b. 1969) is a German professor of Political Science at the University of Mainz and a visiting Fellow at the Department of Government at the University of Essex .	Kai Arzheimer	University of Mainz
employer	Lucy Weston Pickett (1904--1997) was a Mary Lyon Professor and Camille and Henry Dreyfus Chair in Chemistry at Mount Holyoke College.	Lucy Weston Pickett	Mount Holyoke College
employer	Brenda Cossman (born 1960) is a professor of law at the University of Toronto.	Brenda Cossman	University of Toronto
employer	Desmond H. Collins is a Canadian paleontologist, associate professor of zoology at the University of Toronto and retired curator of invertebrate paleontology at the Royal Ontario Museum.	Desmond H. Collins	University of Toronto
employer	Upon her husband's death from tuberculosis in 1891, Martha Foote Crow left Grinnell to become assistant professor of English literature at the University of Chicago.	Martha Foote Crow	University of Chicago
employer	Nick Thorpe (born February 1960) is the Central Europe Correspondent for BBC News, the main newsgathering department of the BBC, and its 24-hour television news channels BBC World News and BBC News Channel, as well as the BBC's domestic television and radio channels and the BBC World Service.	Nick Thorpe	BBC
employer	Kang G. Shin is the Kevin and Nancy O'Connor Professor of Computer Science in the Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Department at the University of Michigan.	Kang G. Shin	University of Michigan
employer	Gerhard von Rad (21 October 1901 -- 31 October 1971) was a German theologian, academic, and University of Heidelberg professor.	Gerhard von Rad	University of Heidelberg
employer	Nuala McGovern is an Irish journalist and radio broadcaster working for BBC News.	Nuala McGovern	BBC
father	Garzia de' Medici (July 5, 1547 -- December 6, 1562) was the son of Cosimo I de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany, and Eleonora di Toledo.	Garzia de' Medici	Cosimo I de' Medici, Grand Duke of Tuscany
father	Robert III de La Marck (1491, Sedan, Ardennes -- 1537), Seigneur of Fleuranges, Marshal of France and historian, was the son of Robert II de La Marck;	Robert III de La Marck	Robert II de La Marck
father	Dernier Empereur was a chestnut horse with a white blaze and four white socks bred in Kentucky by the Mayland's Stud Company Ltd. He was sired by Trempolino who won the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe and finished second in the Breeders' Cup Turf as a three-year-old in 1987.	Dernier Empereur	Trempolino
father	Manvydas or Monwid (Russian: Монтивид; died in 1348?) was the eldest son of Gediminas, Grand Duke of Lithuania, and inherited Kernavė and Slonim after his father's death in 1341.	Manvydas	Gediminas
father	Neferure was the only known child of Thutmose II and his great royal wife Hatshepsut.	Neferure	Thutmose II
father	Zoia Ceaușescu (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈzoja tʃauˈʃesku), 28 February 1949 -- 20 November 2006) was a Romanian mathematician, the daughter of Communist leader Nicolae Ceaușescu and his wife, Elena.	Zoia Ceaușescu	Nicolae Ceaușescu
father	Geoffrey of Hauteville (also Gottfried, Godfrey, Goffredo, or Gaufrido; about 1020-1071) was a Norman military leader, the second youngest son of Tancred of Hauteville by his first wife Muriella.	Geoffrey of Hauteville	Tancred of Hauteville
father	Rhodri ap Merfyn (c. 820--878), later known as Rhodri the Great (Welsh: Rhodri Mawr), succeeded his father, Merfyn Frych, as King of Gwynedd in 844.	Rhodri the Great	Merfyn Frych
father	Adèle Hugo (28 July 1830 - 21 April 1915) was the fifth and youngest child of French writer Victor Hugo.	Adèle Hugo	Victor Hugo
father	Why Hurry's sire Precipitation was a top class racehorse, best known for winning the Ascot Gold Cup in 1937.	Why Hurry	Precipitation
father	Shah Abdul Aziz was the eldest son of Shah Waliullah was only 17 years old when Shah Waliullah died.	Shah Abdul Aziz	Shah Waliullah
father	Sally Gerber (born 1927 in Fremont, Michigan) is the daughter of Daniel Frank Gerber who established the baby food enterprise Gerber Products Company.	Sally Gerber	Daniel Frank Gerber
father	Mirza Miran Shah Beg (1366 -- 16? April 1408) (Persian: میران شاہ‎‎) was a son of Timur, and a Timurid governor during his father's lifetime.	Miran Shah	Timur
father	Caroline Rose Hunt was born on January 8, 1923, the daughter of H. L. Hunt (1889--1974) and Lyda Bunker (1889--1955).	Caroline Rose Hunt	H. L. Hunt
father	David Goodhart is one of seven children born to Valerie Forbes Winant, the niece of John Gilbert Winant, and former MP Sir Philip Goodhart; and great great grandson of Mayer Lehman, co-founder of Lehman Brothers.	David Goodhart	Philip Goodhart
father	Nora Johnson, daughter of filmmaker Nunnally Johnson and Marion Byrnes, was born in Hollywood, California in 1933.	Nora Johnson	Nunnally Johnson
father	Margaret de Menteith (fl 1311--1324) was a daughter of Alexander, Earl of Menteith and his wife Matilda.	Margaret de Menteith	Alexander, Earl of Menteith
father	Jean Androuet du Cerceau (c.1585--1650) was a French architect, the son of Jean Baptiste Androuet du Cerceau, the outstanding Parisian architect of his generation.	Jean Androuet du Cerceau	Jean Baptiste Androuet du Cerceau
father	Francis Talbot, 5th Earl of Shrewsbury, 5th Earl of Waterford, 11th Baron Talbot, KG (1500 -- 25 September 1560) was the son of George Talbot, 4th Earl of Shrewsbury and Anne Hastings.	Francis Talbot, 5th Earl of Shrewsbury	George Talbot, 4th Earl of Shrewsbury
father	Ann Hatton was born in Worcester, the daughter of strolling player Roger Kemble.	Ann Hatton	Roger Kemble
father	Fedor Hodža (4 November 1912, Budapest -- 17 September 1968, New York City) was a Slovak politician and lawyer, the son of Milan Hodža.	Fedor Hodža	Milan Hodža
father	Lakshmi Manchu is the only daughter of actor Mohan Babu and Vidya Devi.	Lakshmi Manchu	Mohan Babu
father	Philip Meninsky (born 1919 in Fulham, England, died in 2007) was the son of Bernard Meninsky.	Philip Meninsky	Bernard Meninsky
father	Karolina Lanckorońska was the daughter of Count Karol Lanckoroński, a Polish nobleman from a Galician family, and his third wife, Countess Margaret Lichnovsky, daughter of Prince Karl Max Lichnowsky.	Karolina Lanckorońska	Karol Lanckoroński
father	Georg Ernst of Limburg Stirum, count of Limburg Stirum, count of Bronckhorst, Lord of Wisch, Lichtenvoorde and Wildenborch, son of Jobst of Limburg.	Georg Ernst of Limburg Stirum	Jobst of Limburg
father	Walter Fitz Robert of Woodham Walter (c.1124--1198), 2nd Lord of Little Dunmow, Essex, was steward under Stephen of England , having succeeded to that position upon the death of his father, Robert Fitz Richard.	Walter Fitz Robert	Robert Fitz Richard
father	Fuk'anggan's father, Fuheng, brother of the Empress Xiaoxianchun, served as a grand minister of state during the middle years of the reign of the Qianlong Emperor.	Fuk'anggan	Fuheng
father	Jean-Charles Deburau (1829--1873) was an important French mime, the son and successor of the legendary Jean-Gaspard Deburau, who was immortalized as Baptiste the Pierrot in Marcel Carné's film Children of Paradise (1945).	Charles Deburau	Jean-Gaspard Deburau
father	Ingmar Bergman was born in Uppsala, Sweden, the son of Erik Bergman, a Lutheran minister and later chaplain to the King of Sweden, and Karin (née Åkerblom), a nurse who also had Walloon ancestors.	Ingmar Bergman	Erik Bergman
father	Charles Howard, 11th Duke of Norfolk (15 March 1746 -- 16 December 1815), styled Earl of Surrey from 1777 to 1786, was a British peer, the son of Charles Howard, 10th Duke of Norfolk and Catherine Brockholes.	Charles Howard, 11th Duke of Norfolk	Charles Howard, 10th Duke of Norfolk
father	Nezamysl was the first of the seven Bohemian mythical princes between the (also mythical) founder of the Přemyslid dynasty Přemysl the Ploughman and the first historical prince Bořivoj.	Nezamysl	Přemysl the Ploughman
father	Gerlach II, Count of Nassau-Wiesbaden (1333-1386) was the eldest son of Adolph I, Count of Nassau-Wiesbaden-Idstein and his wife Margaret of Nuremberg.	Gerlach II, Count of Nassau-Wiesbaden	Adolph I, Count of Nassau-Wiesbaden-Idstein
father	Zeno of Tarsus (Greek: Ζήνων, Zenon; fl. 200 BC) was a Stoic philosopher and the son of Dioscorides.	Zeno of Tarsus	Dioscorides
father	Klaus Bonhoeffer was born in Breslau, Germany, now Wrocław, Poland, to Karl Bonhoeffer, a professor of psychiatry and neurology, and his wife Paula (née von Hase), as their third son.	Klaus Bonhoeffer	Karl Bonhoeffer
father	Chen's father Chen Qiang (陈强) named him Chen Peisi when he performed The White-Haired Girl(《白毛女》) in Budapest, Hungary in 1951.	Chen Peisi	Chen Qiang
father	The son of the sculptor Christian Eriksson (1858-1935), Liss Eriksson grew up on Maria Prästgårdsgatan on Södermalm in southern-central Stockholm.	Liss Eriksson	Christian Eriksson
father	Try My Best was sired by Northern Dancer out of the mare Sex Appeal, who also produced his full brother El Gran Senor.	Try My Best	Northern Dancer
father	William Somerset, 3rd Earl of Worcester, KG (c. 1526/7 -- 21 February 1589) was the eldest son of Henry Somerset, 2nd Earl of Worcester and his second wife Elizabeth Browne.	William Somerset, 3rd Earl of Worcester	Henry Somerset, 2nd Earl of Worcester
father	Haradasun is a brown horse sired by Fusaichi Pegasus (USA) from Circles of Gold (AJC Oaks) by Marscay.	Haradasun	Fusaichi Pegasus
father	Gottfried Heinrich Bach (26 February 1724 -- 12 February 1763) was the firstborn son of Johann Sebastian Bach by his second wife Anna Magdalena Wilcke.	Gottfried Heinrich Bach	Johann Sebastian Bach
father	Robert Sidney, 1st Earl of Leicester (19 November 1563 -- 13 July 1626), second son of Sir Henry Sidney, was a statesman of Elizabethan and Jacobean England.	Robert Sidney, 1st Earl of Leicester	Henry Sidney
father	Walter Butler, 11th Earl of Ormond and 4th Earl of Ossory (1559 -- 1632/3), was an Irish peer, the son of John Butler of Kilcash (who was the son of the 9th Earl) and Katherine, the daughter of Cormac na Haoine MacCarthy Reagh.	Walter Butler, 11th Earl of Ormond	John Butler of Kilcash
father	Ludmilla of Bohemia (died 14 August 1240) was a daughter of Frederick, Duke of Bohemia, and his wife, Elizabeth of Hungary.	Ludmilla of Bohemia	Frederick, Duke of Bohemia
father	Bred by Lyonstown Stud, near Cashel, County Tipperary, Dr Devious was sired by Ahonoora out of the mare Rose of Jericho, a daughter of two-time Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe winner Alleged.	Dr Devious	Ahonoora
father	Prince Charles of Hesse and by Rhine (23 April 1809 - 20 March 1877) was the second son of Louis II, Grand Duke of Hesse and Wilhelmine of Baden.	Prince Charles of Hesse and by Rhine	Louis II, Grand Duke of Hesse
father	Wince was sired by Selkirk an American-bred miler who won the Queen Elizabeth II Stakes in 1991.	Wince	Selkirk
father	James Allen Ransome was born in 1806 in Great Yarmouth as eldest son of the agricultural-implement maker James Ransome (1782--1849), and grandson of Robert Ransome (1753--1830), who co-founded Ransomes, Sims & Jefferies.	James Allen Ransome	James Ransome
father	Robert Winsor was born in Salem, Massachusetts to Dr. Frederick Winsor, a Civil War surgeon descended from renowned shipbuilder Samuel Winsor, an early settler of Duxbury, Massachusetts, and teacher Ann Bent Ware, daughter of well-known Unitarian minister, professor and abolitionist Henry Ware, Jr..	Robert Winsor	Frederick Winsor
father	Julian Hawthorne (June 22, 1846 -- July 21, 1934) was an American writer and journalist, the son of novelist Nathaniel Hawthorne and Sophia Peabody.	Julian Hawthorne	Nathaniel Hawthorne
father	He was the son of Giovanni di Paolo Rucellai (1403--1481) and father of Giovanni di Bernardo Rucellai (1475--1525).	Bernardo Rucellai	Giovanni di Paolo Rucellai
father	Julie Cobb (born May 29, 1947, Los Angeles, California) is a longtime American actress, the daughter of actor Lee J. Cobb and actress Helen Beverley.	Julie Cobb	Lee J. Cobb
father	Niqmi-Epuh, also given as Niqmepa (reigned c. 1700 BC -- c. 1675 BC - Middle chronology ) was the king of Yamhad (Halab) succeeding his father Yarim-Lim II	Niqmi-Epuh	Yarim-Lim II
father	Alessandro Campeggio was born in Bologna on 12 April 1504, the son of Lorenzo Campeggio and Francesca Guastavillani.	Alessandro Campeggio	Lorenzo Campeggio
father	Koahou (died 1826) was a Hawaiian high chief who succeeded his father Kamanawa as one of the chief counselors of Kamehameha I. He was the son of High Chief Kamanawa and High Chiefess Kekelaokalani.	Koahou	Kamanawa
father	Prince Nikolaos of Greece and Denmark (born 1 October 1969) is the second son and third child of former King Constantine II of Greece and Anne-Marie of Denmark, the youngest daughter of King Frederick IX of Denmark and sister of Queen Margrethe II of Denmark.	Prince Nikolaos of Greece and Denmark	Constantine II of Greece
father	The son of racing legend Mark Donohue, David Donohue has accomplished much in a wide variety of auto racing series and classes, including NASCAR's Busch Series and Craftsman Truck Series, as well as winning the GT2 class at the 1998 running of the 24 Hours of Le Mans.	David Donohue	Mark Donohue
father	Behter or Bekter (Mongolian: Бэхтэр; ? - 1180) was the son of Yesugei, chief of the Kiyad clan, and a junior wife named Suchigu in some sources and Ko'agjin in others.	Behter	Yesugei
father	Duarte of Portugal, 4th Duke of Guimarães (October 7, 1515 in Lisbon -- September 20, 1540 in Lisbon) was a Portuguese infante (prince); the sixth son of King Manuel I of Portugal and his wife Maria of Aragon.	Duarte of Portugal, 4th Duke of Guimarães	Manuel I of Portugal
father	Hawise Lestrange (died 1310) was the daughter of the Marcher lord John Lestrange (d.1269) of Great Ness, Cheswardine and Knockin (Shropshire).	Hawise Lestrange	John Lestrange
father	Raymond Emerson was born to Dr. Edward Waldo Emerson and Annie Shepard Keyes on November 28, 1886 in Concord, Massachusetts.	Raymond Emerson	Edward Waldo Emerson
father	Acraepheus (Greek: Ἀκραιφεύς) was, in Greek mythology, a son of Apollo to whom the foundation of the town of Acraephnium, a Boeotian town on the lake Copais, was ascribed.	Acraepheus	Apollo
father	Never So Bold was sired by Bold Lad, the leading British and Irish two-year-old of 1966, whose other offspring included the 1000 Guineas winner Waterloo.	Never So Bold	Bold Lad
father	Born Prince Karim Aga Khan, the Aga Khan IV is the eldest son of Prince Aly Khan, (1911--1960) and his first wife, Princess Tajuddawlah Aly Khan, formerly the Hon. Joan Barbara Yarde-Buller (1908--1997), the eldest daughter of the 3rd Baron Churston.	Aga Khan IV	Prince Aly Khan
father	Brian Laudrup was born into a football family, as his father Finn Laudrup was a former Danish international, and his brother Michael Laudrup also became a Danish international.	Brian Laudrup	Finn Laudrup
father	Summer Bird (April 7, 2006 -- December 23, 2013) was a champion American Thoroughbred racehorse, son of 2004 Belmont Stakes winner Birdstone.	Summer Bird	Birdstone
father	Jacques Piccard was born in Brussels, Belgium to Auguste Piccard, who was himself an adventurer and engineer.	Jacques Piccard	Auguste Piccard
father	Kanimozhi Karunanidhi (born 1968 in Chennai) is a politician, poet and journalist.	Kanimozhi	Karunanidhi
father	Raven's Pass was sired by Elusive Quality, who also sired 2004 Kentucky Derby and Preakness Stakes winner Smarty Jones.	Raven's Pass	Elusive Quality
father	Narendra Bedi (1937--1982) was a Bollywood director and son of the writer Rajinder Singh Bedi.	Narendra Bedi	Rajinder Singh Bedi
father	In Greek mythology, Icarus (the Latin spelling, conventionally adopted in English; Ancient Greek: Ἴκαρος, Íkaros, Etruscan: Vikare) is the son of the master craftsman Daedalus, the creator of the Labyrinth.	Icarus	Daedalus
father	Ibhar was one of the sons of David.	Ibhar	David
father	A descendant of the important sire Nearco, Talkin Man was out of the mare Pookette and was sired by With Approval, the 1989 Canadian Triple Crown champion and Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame inductee.	Talkin Man	With Approval
father	Moonlight Cloud was foaled on 5 March 2008 and is a daughter of Haydock Sprint Cup winner Invincible Spirit.	Moonlight Cloud	Invincible Spirit
father	Deng Zhong was the son of Deng Ai, a prominent general of Cao Wei.	Deng Zhong	Deng Ai
father	Günter Herlitz (February 9, 1913 -- September 11, 2010) was born in Berlin as the son of Carl Herlitz, founder of the Herlitz stationery company.	Günter Herlitz	Carl Herlitz
father	Sir Harry's sire, Sir Peter Teazle (or simply ``Sir Peter'') won the Epsom Derby in 1787 and became the most successful stallion of the time, winning the title of Champion sire on ten occasions between 1799 and 1809.	Sir Harry	Sir Peter Teazle
headquarters location	United Concordia is a dental insurance company headquartered in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, United States.	United Concordia	Harrisburg
headquarters location	In the early 1990s, the Cleveland and Gainesville plants of Leece-Neville are merged, and operations are moved to Arcade, New York.	Leece-Neville	Arcade, New York
headquarters location	Allen & Heath (also known as AH or A&H) is a company based in Penryn, Cornwall, England, specialising in the manufacture of audio mixing consoles.	Allen & Heath	Penryn
headquarters location	Toe Rag Studios is an analogue recording studio located in Hackney, London, England.	Toe Rag Studios	London
headquarters location	Ecovative Design LLC is a medium size, biomaterials company headquartered in Green Island, New York that provides sustainable alternatives to plastics and polystyrene foams for packaging, building materials and other applications by using mushroom technology.	Ecovative Design	Green Island, New York
headquarters location	Lumigon is a Danish technology company based in Copenhagen that produces high-end smartphones running on Google Android operating systems.	Lumigon	Copenhagen
headquarters location	Zolitūde was the first residential area in Riga where the Lattelecom fiber optic Internet service was made available (in January 2009), followed later by Kengarags, Purvciems, Plavnieki, Ziepniekkalns and other locations.	Lattelecom	Riga
headquarters location	Taishin Financial Holdings (or Taishin Financial Holding Co., Ltd.) (TWSE: 2887) is headquartered in Taipei, Taiwan.	Taishin Financial Holdings	Taipei
headquarters location	SRF Limited is a manufacturing company located in Gurgaon, India.	SRF Limited	Gurgaon
headquarters location	Rocket Lawyer is an online legal technology company founded by Charley Moore and based in San Francisco, California.	Rocket Lawyer	San Francisco
headquarters location	Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) is an American worldwide semiconductor company based in Sunnyvale, California, United States, that develops computer-processors and related technologies for business and consumer markets.	Advanced Micro Devices	Sunnyvale
headquarters location	Temperino was an Italian car maker founded in 1906 in Turin, by three Temperino siblings (Maurizio, Giacomo and Mary).	Temperino	Turin
headquarters location	Mitr Phol Group is Thailand's and Asia's biggest sugar and bio-energy producer.	Mitr Phol	Thailand
headquarters location	Mappin was a traditional department store in Brazil, based in São Paulo, with the official name of Casa Anglo-Brasileira S/A. With origins in 1774 in the city of Sheffield, England, it was later brought to Brazil by the brothers Walter and Hebert Mappin.	Mappin	São Paulo
headquarters location	KineticD is a data back-up and recovery company based in Toronto, Ontario.	KineticD	Toronto
headquarters location	Millennium Transit Services, LLC is a bus manufacturer formed in 2003 to take over the former NovaBus manufacturing plant in Roswell, New Mexico and continue construction of the Rapid Transit Series (RTS) buses that were built there.	Millennium Transit Services	Roswell
headquarters location	Snugg Wetsuits is a British Company based in Newquay, Cornwall, and are manufacturers of surfwear and boardsport-related equipment.	Snugg Wetsuits	Newquay
headquarters location	S. Kann Sons Co., or more commonly Kann's was a department store based in Washington, D.C..	Kann's	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Meat Corporation of Namibia, locally known as MeatCo, is a meat processing company headquartered in Windhoek, the capital of Namibia.	Meat Corporation of Namibia	Windhoek
headquarters location	M/I Homes, Inc. is a United States homebuilding company based in Columbus, Ohio.	M/I Homes	Columbus
headquarters location	DreamRift is an American independent video game developer based in Orlando, Florida, founded in 2009.	DreamRift	Orlando
headquarters location	Cooke Optics Ltd. is a camera lens manufacturing company based in Leicester.	Cooke Optics	Leicester
headquarters location	Headquartered in West Palm Beach, Florida (with offices in Scottsdale, Dallas, Los Angeles, Miami and Mexico), Quepasa Corporation owns Quepasa.com, one of the world's largest, bicultural & bilingual Latino Social Networks on-line.	Quepasa	West Palm Beach
headquarters location	The Union Automobile Company began to make automobiles in Union City, Indiana in 1902.	Union Automobile Company	Union City
headquarters location	QSR International is a qualitative research software developer based in Melbourne, Australia, with offices in the United Kingdom, the United States and Japan.	QSR International	Melbourne
headquarters location	True Link Financial, Inc. is a San Francisco, California based financial services firm that protects seniors from fraud.	True Link	San Francisco
headquarters location	Clarabridge is an American software company formed in 2005 in Reston, Virginia, United States.	Clarabridge	Reston
headquarters location	Alliance Boots GmbH was a multinational pharmacy-led health and beauty group with corporate headquarters in Bern, Switzerland and operational headquarters in Nottingham and Weybridge, United Kingdom.	Alliance Boots	Bern
headquarters location	Nokia Networks (formerly Nokia Solutions and Networks (NSN) and Nokia Siemens Networks (NSN)) is a multinational data networking and telecommunications equipment company headquartered in Espoo, Finland, and wholly owned subsidiary of Nokia Corporation.	Nokia Networks	Espoo
headquarters location	Azizi Bank is the second largest commercial bank in Afghanistan, having almost 100 branches in Kabul and throughout the provinces of the country.	Azizi Bank	Kabul
headquarters location	Christensen Shipyards is a custom series composite-hull motor yacht builder located in Vancouver, Washington, United States.	Christensen Shipyards	Vancouver
headquarters location	The Htoo Group of Companies (HGC) is a Burmese holding company, with headquarters at 5 Pyay Road, Hlaing Township, Yangon, Myanmar.	Htoo Group of Companies	Yangon
headquarters location	Yue Yuen Industrial Holdings Limited is a Taiwanese footwear manufacturer headquartered in Hong Kong and established by its Taiwanese parent company, Pou Chen Group.	Yue Yuen Industrial Holdings	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Mutual Mobile, Inc. is a consulting firm specializing in mobile solutions with offices in Austin, Texas and Hyderabad, India (in HITEC City).	Mutual Mobile	Austin
headquarters location	Roc Nation, LLC is an American entertainment company founded and owned by rapper Jay Z. The company has offices in New York City, London and Los Angeles.	Roc Nation	New York City
headquarters location	Martin Burn Limited is a Kolkata based construction and real-estate listed company.	Martin Burn	Kolkata
headquarters location	Fjellinjen AS is a municipal company owned by the City of Oslo (60%) and Akershus County Municipality (40%).	Fjellinjen	Oslo
headquarters location	Showsec in the UK operates out of eleven regional offices, with its head office being based in Leicester.	Showsec	Leicester
headquarters location	Go-To Transport, Inc. based in Bay City, Michigan, is an American provider of transportation, logistics, and freight services.	Go-To Transport	Bay City
headquarters location	GoLite was an outdoor equipment and clothing manufacturer based in Boulder, Colorado.	GoLite	Boulder
headquarters location	The St. Petersburg League of Struggle for the Emancipation of the Working Class was a Marxist group in the Russian Empire.	League of Struggle for the Emancipation of the Working Class	Russian Empire
headquarters location	What Kind of Man Are You? is a mass-media campaign in India asking men to use condoms to protect their wives from HIV/AIDS.	What Kind of Man Are You?	India
headquarters location	Trasporti Pubblici Luganesi (TPL) is a public transport operator in and around the Swiss city of Lugano.	Trasporti Pubblici Luganesi	Lugano
headquarters location	In August 2013, Vestas started operating its 20 MW test bench for nacelles in Aarhus.	Vestas	Aarhus
headquarters location	WinCo Foods, Inc. is a privately held, majority employee-owned American supermarket chain based in Boise, Idaho with retail stores in Arizona, California, Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Washington.	WinCo Foods	Boise
headquarters location	The Kerr-McGee Corporation, founded in 1929, was an Oklahoma energy company involved in oil exploration, production of crude oil, natural gas, perchlorate, and uranium mining and milling in the US and abroad.	Kerr-McGee	Oklahoma
headquarters location	Hersam Acorn Newspapers is a family-owned weekly newspaper company based in Ridgefield, Connecticut, USA.	Hersam Acorn Newspapers	Ridgefield
headquarters location	The Harvard innovation lab (i-lab) is a new initiative fostering team-based and entrepreneurial activities among Harvard students, faculty, entrepreneurs, and members of the Allston and Greater Boston community.	Harvard innovation lab	Allston
headquarters location	The Gatestone Institute, formerly Stonegate Institute and Hudson New York, is a conservative think tank based in New York City that specializes in strategy and defense issues.	Gatestone Institute	New York
headquarters location	Pickard China is a porcelain decorating and manufacturing company in Antioch, Illinois, United States, founded in 1893, and continues to produce ceramic tableware and art ware today.	Pickard China	Antioch, Illinois
headquarters location	Investing.com has offices in Madrid, Spain;	Investing.com	Madrid
headquarters location	Hansen Medical, Inc, headquartered in Mountain View, California, designs and manufactures medical robotics for positioning and control of catheter-based technologies.	Hansen Medical	Mountain View
headquarters location	ATP Recordings is a British independent record label that was started in 2001 by London concert promoter Barry Hogan of Foundation/All Tomorrow's Parties.	ATP Recordings	London
headquarters location	PLX Technology is an integrated circuit company based in Sunnyvale, California.	PLX Technology	Sunnyvale
headquarters location	The Dusit Thani Group of companies, also known as Dusit International is a Bangkok-based hotel and resort company.	Dusit Thani Group	Bangkok
headquarters location	Distribution Select (formerly Distribution Musicor, Distribution GAM and Distribution Trans-Canada) is a Canadian record and video distributor based in Montreal, Quebec in 1965 as Disques Select.	Distribution Select	Montreal
headquarters location	Harambee Foundation Holland (HFH) is a non-profit organization set up in the Netherlands, whose activities are aimed at creating a substantial improvement of educational opportunities and living conditions in developing countries.	Harambee Foundation Holland	Netherlands
headquarters location	St Arnou is one of the first Australian craft beer companies established in 2001, located in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia and privately owned.	St Arnou	Sydney
headquarters location	China Aviation Industry General Aircraft (CAIGA) is a Chinese aircraft manufacturer headquartered in Zhuhai, Guangdong.	China Aviation Industry General Aircraft	Zhuhai
headquarters location	Petrohawk Energy Corporation was an independent energy company headquartered in Houston, Texas.	Petrohawk	Houston
headquarters location	ToonBangla is a Bangladeshi animation studio based in Dhaka.	ToonBangla	Dhaka
headquarters location	In 1999, Cartoon Network Studios acquired its own facility located at 300 N 3rd St in Burbank, California.	Cartoon Network Studios	Burbank
headquarters location	Le Dauphin was a French auto-maker established in the 3rd arrondissement of Paris by André L. Dauphin.	Le Dauphin	Paris
headquarters location	The Amato Opera was an opera company located in the East Village neighborhood of the Manhattan borough of New York City.	Amato Opera	New York City
headquarters location	The Downton Brewery is a microbrewery in Downton, Wiltshire, which started brewing in April 2003.	Downton Brewery	Downton, Wiltshire
headquarters location	UrbanLab is an architecture and urban design firm founded in Chicago, Illinois in 2001 by Martin Felsen and Sarah Dunn.	UrbanLab	Chicago
headquarters location	Carter Aviation Technologies (also known as CarterCopters) is a privately held aviation research and development company based in Wichita Falls, Texas, United States.	Carter Aviation Technologies	Wichita Falls
headquarters location	Strem Chemicals, Inc. is an employee-owned company specializing in fine chemicals in Newburyport, Massachusetts, United States.	Strem Chemicals	Newburyport
headquarters location	Golden Entertainment is a gaming company based in Enterprise, Nevada that operates casinos, taverns, and slot routes.	Golden Entertainment	Enterprise
headquarters location	Gruppo Cimbali SpA is based in Binasco, near Milan.	Cimbali	Binasco
headquarters location	The FFC (short for Final Fight Championship) has its headquarters, like the rest of the Fight Channel Group, in Zagreb, Croatia.	Final Fight Championship	Zagreb
headquarters location	Barretstown is a not for profit camp for children with cancer and other serious illnesses located at Barretstown Castle, Ballymore Eustace, Co. Kildare, in Ireland.	Barretstown	Ballymore Eustace
headquarters location	Fox Animation Studios was an American animation production company located in Phoenix, Arizona.	Fox Animation Studios	Phoenix
headquarters location	A subsidiary of Schneider-Creusot, Somua was based in Saint-Ouen, a suburb of Paris.	Somua	Saint-Ouen
headquarters location	It was founded and would be led by film maker Fernando ``Pino'' Solanas, who ran on the Proyecto Sur ticket for president in 2007 and for Mayor of the City of Buenos Aires in 2011.	Proyecto Sur	Buenos Aires
headquarters location	The Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments (CSBA) is an independent, non-profit, Washington, D.C.-based think tank specializing in US defense policy, force planning, and budgets.	Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Aerospace Industrial Development Corporation (AIDC; Chinese: 漢翔航空工業股份有限公司; pinyin: Hànxiáng Hángkōng Gōngyè Gǔfèn Yǒuxiàn Gōngsī) is a state-owned aerospace company of the Taiwan (Republic of China) under the Ministry of Economic Affairs based in Taichung, Taiwan.	Aerospace Industrial Development Corporation	Taichung
headquarters location	The architectural firm now known as Holabird & Root was founded in Chicago in 1880.	Holabird & Root	Chicago
headquarters location	Alta Communications is a Boston-based private equity firm specializing in equity investments in media and telecommunications companies.	Alta Communications	Boston
headquarters location	M-Sport is an auto racing team based at Dovenby Hall near Cockermouth, Cumbria, England, United Kingdom.	M-Sport	Dovenby Hall
headquarters location	South Street Diner is a 24-hour, seven-night-a-week diner in Boston's Leather District.	South Street Diner	Boston
headquarters location	Trust for Nature is a not-for-profit organisation that protects native plants and wildlife in Victoria (Australia) in cooperation with private landowners.	Trust for Nature	Victoria
headquarters location	Hubbard Foods Ltd is a New Zealand manufacturer of breakfast cereals based in Auckland.	Hubbard Foods	Auckland
headquarters location	Headquartered in Toronto, CBC Television is available through over-the-air television stations across Canada, many of which are owned by the CBC.	CBC Television	Toronto
headquarters location	The Bellona Foundation is an international environmental NGO based in Oslo, Norway.	Bellona Foundation	Oslo
headquarters location	FirstEnergy Corporation is a diversified energy company headquartered in Akron, Ohio.	FirstEnergy	Akron
headquarters location	Groupe Serdy is a Canadian television broadcasting and video production company based in Saint-Lambert, Quebec.	Groupe Serdy	Saint-Lambert
headquarters location	Wibra was founded in 1956 by Johannes Wierdsma, who took over his family in law's store in Epe, the family Braam.	Wibra	Epe
headquarters location	Hoefler & Co. (H&Co) is a type foundry in New York City run by type designer Jonathan Hoefler, which achieved its greatest fame while working with Tobias Frere-Jones under the name Hoefler & Frere-Jones from 1999 to 2014.	Hoefler & Co.	New York City
headquarters location	Express Coach Builders is an Australian bus bodybuilder in Macksville.	Express Coach Builders	Macksville
headquarters location	Jordan Marsh & Company (or Jordan Marsh) was a department store in Boston, Massachusetts, which grew to be a major regional chain in the New England area of the United States.	Jordan Marsh	Boston
headquarters location	Jim Pattison, a Vancouver-based entrepreneur is the Chairman, President, CEO, and sole owner of the Jim Pattison Group.	Jim Pattison Group	Vancouver
headquarters location	Headquartered in Jeannette, Pennsylvania, Elliott Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Japan-based company, Ebara Corporation, and is a unit of Elliott Group, Ebara Corporation's worldwide turbomachinery business.	Elliott Company	Jeannette
headquarters location	Drummond Company, Inc. is a privately owned company based in Birmingham, Alabama, United States, involved in the mining and processing of coal and coal products as well as oil and real estate.	Drummond Company	Birmingham
headquarters location	D-Link Corporation (Chinese: 友訊科技) is a Taiwanese multinational networking equipment manufacturing corporation headquartered in Taipei, Taiwan.	D-Link	Taipei
headquarters location	SEAT, S.A. (Spanish: (ˈse.at), Sociedad Española de Automóviles de Turismo) is a Spanish automobile manufacturer with its head office in Martorell, Spain.	SEAT	Martorell
headquarters location	Continucare Corporation is a publicly traded medical care service company with 18 medical centers located in Florida, United States.	Continucare Corporation	Florida
headquarters location	Bradley Pharmaceuticals was a pharmaceutical company headquartered in Fairfield Township, Essex County, New Jersey.	Bradley Pharmaceuticals	Fairfield Township, Essex County, New Jersey
headquarters location	SuperAmerica is a chain of gasoline stations in the upper Midwest, based in Woodbury, Minnesota.	SuperAmerica	Woodbury
headquarters location	REA Group Ltd and its subsidiary companies, known as the REA Group, make up a global online real estate advertising company headquartered in Melbourne, Australia.	REA Group	Melbourne
headquarters location	Oxxford Clothes is a high-end men's suit and sport coat manufacturer based in Chicago, Illinois.	Oxxford Clothes	Chicago
headquarters location	Founded in 2009, ``Runningland Metrology & Testing (Shanghai) Co., Ltd'' is a Shanghai-based accredited third party laboratory that specializes in instruments metering, condition monitoring, calibration and testing petrochemical products.	Runningland	Shanghai
headquarters location	Hambros Bank was a British bank based in London.	Hambros Bank	London
headquarters location	Jo-Ann Stores, Inc. is a specialty retailer of crafts and fabrics based in Hudson, Ohio.	Jo-Ann Stores	Hudson, Ohio
headquarters location	Braskem is a Brazilian petrochemical company headquartered in São Paulo.	Braskem	São Paulo
headquarters location	Circuit 9 Communications Private Limited is an integrated advertising and marketing communications agency based in Bangalore, India.	Circuit 9 Communications	Bangalore
headquarters location	Pantera Capital (est. 2003) is a San Francisco-based investment firm focused on bitcoin and other digital currencies.	Pantera Capital	San Francisco
headquarters location	AiLive Inc. (formerly iKuni) is a software company based in Mountain View, California.	AiLive	Mountain View
headquarters location	Modec was a Coventry, UK electric vehicle manufacturer, specialising in Commercial vehicles in the N2 category.	Modec	Coventry
headquarters location	Namibia Nature Foundation (NNF) established in 1987 is non-governmental organization located in Windhoek, Namibia which was set up under a Deed of Trust as a non-profit organization with an unrelated Board of Trust.	Namibia Nature Foundation	Windhoek
headquarters location	Elevator Labs is a Los Angeles, CA-based invention company.	Elevator Labs	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Toufoula was co-founded in 2006 by a group of young volunteers in Beirut, Lebanon.	Toufoula	Lebanon
headquarters location	Aquin Components GmbH was a software company, based in Frankfurt, Germany, which specialised in Compliance Software.	Aquin Components	Frankfurt
headquarters location	Berliet was a French manufacturer of automobiles, buses, trucks and other utility vehicles, based in Vénissieux, outside of Lyon, France.	Berliet	Lyon
headquarters location	The Lambert Automobile Company was a 300,000-square-foot (28,000 m2) automobile factory in Anderson, Indiana to make the Lambert automobile through the Buckeye Manufacturing Company.	Lambert Automobile Company	Anderson
headquarters location	The Briglin Pottery was a studio pottery founded in 1948 by Brigitte Goldschmidt (later known as Brigitte Appleby) and Eileen Lewenstein in the basement of premises at 66 Baker Street, London.	Briglin Pottery	London
headquarters location	KOA Corporation (コーア株式会社, Kōa kabushiki kaisha) (TYO: 6999) is a Japanese electronic passive components supplier founded in 1940 in Tokyo and is based in Ina, Nagano, in the Nagano Prefecture.	KOA Corporation	Ina
headquarters location	Parker Green, is a multinational corporation headquartered in Newry, Northern Ireland, active in developing and investing in property across three key markets 1) United Kingdom, Ireland and Western Europe; 2) Central & Eastern Europe and 3) USA.	Parker Green	Newry
headquarters location	Soon after, Music Zone opened its first permanent shop in Stockport, and began to expand in the Manchester region, rebranding itself to Music Zone Trade Direct and positioning itself as a value retailer.	Music Zone	Stockport
headquarters location	Neusoft Corporation is a Chinese multinational provider of software engineering services, Information Technology services, product engineering services, IT education and medical equipment headquartered in Shenyang, China.	Neusoft	Shenyang
headquarters location	Star Empire Entertainment was founded in 2000 and created hits with debuting musicians Jewelry and V.O.S. Star Empire has performed in Seoul, Tokyo and Osaka, Los Angeles, New York City, and Washington D.C..	Star Empire Entertainment	Seoul
headquarters location	The St. Croix Soap Manufacturing Company was a Canadian business founded in 1878 in St. Stephen, New Brunswick by brothers James and Gilbert Ganong and Freeman H. Todd.	St. Croix Soap Manufacturing Company	St. Stephen, New Brunswick
headquarters location	The Canadian International Paper Company (CIP) was a Montreal-based forest products company, a former subsidiary of International Paper.	Canadian International Paper Company	Montreal
headquarters location	EMG, Inc. is the current legal name of a company based in Santa Rosa, California that manufactures guitar pickups and EQ accessories.	EMG, Inc.	Santa Rosa
headquarters location	Headquartered in San Francisco, California, TerraPass uses proceeds from member purchases to fund greenhouse gas reduction projects such as wind farms and methane digesters.	TerraPass	San Francisco
headquarters location	The KfW, formerly KfW Bankengruppe (banking group), is a German government-owned development bank, based in Frankfurt.	KfW	Frankfurt
headquarters location	Rainier Motor Car Company was an American automobile manufacturer founded in 1905 by John T. Rainier in Flushing, New York.	Rainier Motor Car Company	Flushing
headquarters location	One Way Furniture is a privately held American online retailer headquartered in Melville, New York.	One Way Furniture	Melville
headquarters location	LDV Group Limited, formerly Leyland DAF Vans, was a British van manufacturer, based in the Ward End area of Birmingham.	LDV Group	Birmingham
headquarters location	The International Center for Development Policy (ICDP) was a non-profit public policy research and advocacy think tank with offices in Washington, D.C..	International Center for Development Policy	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Cosan began in 1936 in Piracicaba city in State of São Paulo, with the founding of its first factory for milling of sugar cane.	Cosan	São Paulo
headquarters location	At its inception on October 15, 1966, the Black Panther Party's core practice was its armed citizens' patrols to monitor the behavior of police officers and challenge police brutality in Oakland, California.	Black Panther Party	Oakland
headquarters location	Sakhalin State University (Russian: Сахалинский государственный университет/tr: Sakhalinskiy gosudarstvenn'iy universitet) is a university located in Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk, Sakhalin.	Sakhalin State University	Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk
headquarters location	Springfield Armory, Inc. is a firearms manufacturer and importer based in Geneseo, Illinois, founded in 1974.	Springfield Armory, Inc.	Geneseo
headquarters location	Claas is an agricultural machinery manufacturer founded in 1913, based in Harsewinkel, Ostwestfalen-Lippe, Germany, in the state of North Rhine Westphalia.	Claas	Harsewinkel
headquarters location	Zorlu Holding is one of the biggest corporate groups in Turkey, headquartered in Istanbul.	Zorlu Holding	Istanbul
headquarters location	The holding (Qiagen N.V.) is located in Venlo, The Netherlands.	Qiagen	Venlo
headquarters location	Maxon Motor has its headquarters, along with a production plant, in Sachseln, in the Swiss Canton of Obwalden.	Maxon Motor	Sachseln
headquarters location	Partners Federal Credit Union is a federally chartered credit union with corporate headquarters in Burbank, California.	Partners Federal Credit Union	Burbank
headquarters location	Communities Helping All Neighbors Gain Empowerment, or CHANGE, is a Winston-Salem, North Carolina based non-profit organization founded in 2002 that encourages civic participation among local residents.	Communities Helping All Neighbors Gain Empowerment	Winston-Salem
headquarters location	Royal Prince Alfred Yacht Club (RPAYC) is one of Australia's leading yacht clubs with a strong elite sailing focus, and is located in the Pittwater at Newport, New South Wales.	Royal Prince Alfred Yacht Club	Newport
headquarters location	The Walt Disney Company France is headquartered in Paris, the capital of France.	The Walt Disney Company France	Paris
headquarters location	H2onews is a Roman Catholic multimedia production agency established in 2006 with headquarters located at Rome, Italy.	H2onews	Rome
headquarters location	EDP Renewables North America (former names: Zilkha Renewable Energy and Horizon Wind Energy) is a wind energy developer based in Houston, Texas.	EDP Renewables North America	Houston
headquarters location	The HADAG, (full name HADAG Seetouristik und Fährdienst AG, literally ``HADAG Sea-tourism and Ferry service'') is a local public transport company in Hamburg, Germany.	HADAG	Hamburg
headquarters location	Western Bulk is a dry bulk shipping company based in Oslo, Norway.	Western Bulk	Oslo
headquarters location	Cox & Barnard Ltd is a stained glass designer and manufacturer based in Hove, part of the English city of Brighton and Hove.	Cox & Barnard	Hove
headquarters location	Slice, Inc., founded in 2008 and headquartered in San Jose, California, is a manufacturer of small hand-held cutting tools such as box-cutters.	Slice, Inc.	San Jose
headquarters location	NCC Group (LSE: NCC) is an information assurance firm headquartered in Manchester, United Kingdom.	NCC Group	Manchester
headquarters location	Wikispaces is a web hosting service (sometimes called a wiki farm) based in San Francisco, California.	Wikispaces	San Francisco
headquarters location	Ion Storm was founded on November 15, 1996 with its headquarters in Dallas.	Ion Storm	Dallas
headquarters location	IPtronics is a fabless semiconductor company headquartered in Copenhagen, Denmark.	IPtronics	Copenhagen
headquarters location	Sambrook's Brewery in Battersea, London started brewing in 2008.	Sambrook's Brewery	Battersea
headquarters location	Triad Hospitals was a hospital operator based in Plano, Texas.	Triad Hospitals	Plano
headquarters location	Robert Allan Ltd. is Canada's oldest privately owned consulting Naval Architectural firm, established in Vancouver, British Columbia in 1930.	Robert Allan Ltd.	Vancouver
headquarters location	After the sale Ralph Firman, Sr. set up a small company near the Snetterton Motor Racing Circuit which became Ralph Firman Racing (RFR) in 2008.	Ralph Firman Racing	Snetterton
headquarters location	NewsLink began in 1990 when its founder, Roger Wood obtained the rights to operate the newsagency concessions at railway stations in Sydney, Australia.	NewsLink	Sydney
headquarters location	Piatnik & Söhne is an Austrian playing card company based in Vienna.	Piatnik & Söhne	Vienna
headquarters location	Radici Group based in Gandino, Italy, is a large Italian corporation active in several industries like textiles, chemicals and plastic with factories in Italy, Germany and Romania.	Radici Group	Gandino
headquarters location	The Lyceum Central Student Government, also known as the LYCESGO, is the highest student governing body of Lyceum of the Philippines University-Cavite Campus, located at General Trias, Cavite.	Lyceum Central Student Government	General Trias
headquarters location	FMC Technologies has its headquarters in northern Houston, Texas.	FMC Technologies	Houston
headquarters location	On January 13, 1899 the Pressed Steel Car Company was incorporated in New Jersey with an authorized capitalization of $25 million, for the stated purpose of ``manufacturing passenger, freight and street railway cars and to make trucks, wheels, and other parts of cars''.	Pressed Steel Car Company	New Jersey
headquarters location	Canadian Electric Vehicles Ltd. was first established in 1996 in Errington, British Columbia.	Canadian Electric Vehicles	Errington, British Columbia
headquarters location	Artifact Puzzles is a manufacturer of wooden jigsaw puzzles originally based in Seattle, Washington, but since 2014 operating out of Menlo Park California in Silicon Valley.	Artifact Puzzles	Seattle
headquarters location	OBS Logistics has offices in London (Corporate Headquarters), Solihull, Liverpool, and Singapore	OBS Logistics	London
headquarters location	Prodrive is a British motorsport and engineering group based in Banbury, Oxfordshire, England.	Prodrive	Banbury
headquarters location	Gate Petroleum is a privately held diversified corporation headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida, the 11th largest in Florida in 2010.	Gate Petroleum	Jacksonville
headquarters location	Architectural Resources Group (or ARG; also known as Architects, Planners & Conservators, Inc.) is a firm founded in 1980 by Bruce Judd and Steve Farneth in San Francisco.	Architectural Resources Group	San Francisco
headquarters location	Porsche SE is headquartered in Zuffenhausen, a city district of Stuttgart, Baden-Württemberg and is owned by the Porsche and Piëch families.	Porsche SE	Stuttgart
headquarters location	Persimmon plc is a British housebuilding company, headquartered in York, England.	Persimmon plc	York
headquarters location	John Good Shipping is a Freight forwarder and shipping agency based in Kingston upon Hull, England.	John Good Shipping	Kingston upon Hull
headquarters location	Kiton is a luxury ready-to-wear and bespoke clothing company co-founded in 1956 as CIPA in Naples, Italy by Ciro Paone, a fifth-generation fabric merchant, and Antonio Carola.	Kiton	Naples
headquarters location	Civica is headquartered in London in the United Kingdom.	Civica	London
headquarters location	FinancialForce.com is a cloud-based applications company headquartered in San Francisco, California, that provides a cloud ERP solution for Force.com, a cloud computing platform from salesforce.com.	FinancialForce.com	San Francisco
headquarters location	The Mendocino Redwood Company (or MRC), is a California based forest products company, which operates one mill in Ukiah, with holdings of over 228,800 acres (926 km2), primarily in Mendocino County,	Mendocino Redwood Company	Ukiah
headquarters location	Holland, Hannen & Cubitts was a major building firm responsible for many of the great buildings of London.	Holland, Hannen & Cubitts	London
headquarters location	Paper Mate's offices are located in Oak Brook, Illinois along with those of Newell Rubbermaid's other office products divisions.	Paper Mate	Oak Brook
headquarters location	McElhinney's is a three-storey fifteen-department store located in Ballybofey, County Donegal.	McElhinney's	Ballybofey
headquarters location	Bragg Hill Family Life Center (BHFLC) is a local nonprofit organization based in Fredericksburg, Virginia.	Bragg Hill Family Life Center	Fredericksburg
headquarters location	Crazy Shirts is an American T-shirt and clothing company established in 1964 and based in Honolulu, Hawaii.	Crazy Shirts	Honolulu
headquarters location	TRW Automotive, headquartered in Livonia, Michigan was an American global supplier of automotive systems, modules and components to automotive original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and related aftermarkets.	TRW Automotive	Livonia
headquarters location	The Viessmann Group is an international heating systems manufacturer headquartered in Allendorf (Eder), Germany.	Viessmann	Allendorf
headquarters location	RAD (the registered trademark of RAD Data Communications Ltd.) is a privately held corporation, headquartered in Tel Aviv, Israel, which designs and manufacturers specialized networking equipment.	RAD Data Communications	Tel Aviv
headquarters location	Mountain Gear is a privately held online retailer of outdoor equipment and apparel, based in Spokane Valley, Washington in the USA.	Mountain Gear	Spokane Valley
headquarters location	Karnaphuli Paper Mills is a Government-owned paper pulp and paper manufacturer is Chittagong, Bangladesh.	Karnaphuli Paper Mills	Chittagong
headquarters location	Reed Hamilton is a small boutique management consulting and executive search firm with offices in Singapore and Hong Kong.	Reed Hamilton	Singapore
headquarters location	ObexCode AS is a Norwegian technology company based in Tromsø.	ObexCode	Tromsø
headquarters location	Headquartered in Austin, Texas, Pingboard is a privately held company created by a team of engineers.	Pingboard	Austin
headquarters location	Sabrang Communications is an organization founded in 1993 that publishes the monthly Communalism Combat magazine and that operates KHOJ, a secular education program, in schools in Mumbai, India.	Sabrang Communications	Mumbai
headquarters location	Fundica.com is a privately held Canadian financial services corporation based in Montreal, Quebec, that matches businesses, particularly startups and SMEs in the technology sector, with appropriate sources of funding.	Fundica.com	Montreal
headquarters location	Busek was founded in 1985 by Vlad Hruby and incorporated in Natick, Massachusetts.	Busek	Natick
headquarters location	When he opened his bicycle shop in Lugo, Italy, rather than following the almost universal custom in the Italian cycle industry of naming the company after himself, he instead named it Somec, for Societa Mechanica.	Somec	Lugo
headquarters location	The Institute for Surface Chemistry, YKI (the Swedish name is Ytkemiska Institutet) is an industrial research institute in applied surface and colloid chemistry located in Stockholm, Sweden.	Institute for Surface Chemistry	Stockholm
headquarters location	Amedei is an artisan chocolate manufacturing company located in Pontedera in the Tuscany region of Italy, considered to be one of the finest chocolate producers in the world.	Amedei	Pontedera
headquarters location	Boba Tea Company is a bubble tea restaurant chain from the city of Albuquerque, New Mexico, founded in 2005.	Boba Tea Company	Albuquerque
headquarters location	In July 2012, Daimler AG and Valmet Automotive announced a manufacturing agreement for over 100,000 Mercedes-Benz A-Class vehicles at the Uusikaupunki, Finland, plant in 2013-2016.	Valmet Automotive	Uusikaupunki
headquarters location	The Southern Education and Research Alliance (SERA), founded in 1999, is a strategic alliance formed between the University of Pretoria and the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research.	Southern Education and Research Alliance	Pretoria
headquarters location	Micro Electronics, Inc. (MEI) is a privately owned corporation headquartered in Hilliard, Ohio.	Micro Electronics, Inc.	Hilliard, Ohio
headquarters location	Brahma Vision Private Limited is a TV software production house based in Mumbai, India.	Brahma Vision Private Limited	Mumbai
headquarters location	The name ``Cisitalia'' derives from ``Compagnia Industriale Sportiva Italia'', a business conglomerate founded in Turin in 1946 and controlled by the wealthy industrialist and sportsman Piero Dusio.	Cisitalia	Turin
headquarters location	Rakuten.com is an e-commerce marketplace based in Aliso Viejo, California.	Rakuten.com	Aliso Viejo
headquarters location	Intelius, Inc. is a public records business headquartered in Bellevue, Washington, United States.	Intelius	Bellevue
headquarters location	Coldwell Banker Real Estate LLC is an American real estate franchise owned by Realogy with headquarters in Madison, New Jersey.	Coldwell Banker	Madison
headquarters location	HotelQuickly's company headquarter and regional holding is based in Hong Kong, while the operational head office is located in Bangkok, Thailand.	HotelQuickly	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Camp Mobile, founded in February, 2013, is a mobile application development company based in Seoul, Korea.	Camp Mobile	Seoul
headquarters location	The Catholic Building Society was a UK building society based in Westminster, London.	Catholic Building Society	London
headquarters location	GEA Westfalia Separator Group GmbH with head office in Oelde, Westphalia is a German manufacturer of separators and decanters which is affiliated to the GEA Group.	GEA Westfalia Separator	Oelde
headquarters location	Dakota Growers Pasta Company is an agricultural processing company located in Carrington, North Dakota.	Dakota Growers	Carrington, North Dakota
headquarters location	Tsim Sha Tsui Properties Limited (SEHK: 247) focuses on investing in properties in Hong Kong.	Tsim Sha Tsui Properties Limited	Hong Kong
headquarters location	The Cessna Aircraft Company is an American general aviation aircraft manufacturing corporation headquartered in Wichita, Kansas.	Cessna	Wichita
headquarters location	Folimage is a French animation studio, based in Bourg-lès-Valence, Drôme, France.	Folimage	Bourg-lès-Valence
headquarters location	Modern Education (Chinese: 現代教育, SEHK: 1082), formerly Intel Education, is a Hong Kong cram school.	Modern Education	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Café Gerbeaud, situated at Vörösmarty tér 7 in Budapest, the capital of Hungary, is one of the greatest and most traditional coffeehouses in Europe.	Café Gerbeaud	Budapest
headquarters location	The National Center for Genome Resources (NCGR) is a nonprofit research organization in Santa Fe, New Mexico founded in 1994 focusing on life sciences research, bioinformatics technologies, and leading-edge molecular data production including sequencing, genotyping, and gene expression.	National Center for Genome Resources	Santa Fe
headquarters location	Larsen & Toubro Infotech, a subsidiary of Larsen & Toubro, is a global IT solutions & services company based in Mumbai, India.	Larsen & Toubro Infotech	Mumbai
headquarters location	Clone Systems, Inc. is a United States-based managed security services provider with offices in New York City, Philadelphia, and London.	Clone Systems, Inc.	Philadelphia
headquarters location	H. P. Wasson and Company, aka Wasson's, was an Indianapolis, Indiana, based department store chain founded by Hiram P. Wasson.	H. P. Wasson and Company	Indianapolis
headquarters location	U.S. AgBank, Farm Credit Bank based in Wichita, Kansas, was a financial institution, part of the Farm Credit System lending to Farm Credit Services organizations serving Arizona, California, Colorado, Hawaii, eastern Idaho, Kansas, Nevada, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Utah, and western Wyoming.	U.S. AgBank	Wichita
headquarters location	The Northwest Asian Weekly is a weekly Asian American newspaper based in Seattle, Washington's International District.	Northwest Asian Weekly	Seattle
headquarters location	On March 13, a Communist demonstration took place in Tiraspol against growing consumer prices and energy tariffs and to demand the release of the Pridnestrovie Communist Party leaders.	Pridnestrovie Communist Party	Tiraspol
headquarters location	Warren Theatres is a privately owned movie theater chain based in Wichita, Kansas, United States.	Warren Theatres	Wichita
headquarters location	The NRW.Bank (incorporated as NRW.BANK) is the Landesförderinstitut (development bank) of North Rhine-Westphalia based in Düsseldorf and Münster.	NRW.BANK	Münster
headquarters location	Cameron Coca-Cola Bottling Co. was a large Coca-Cola Bottling company in Washington, Pennsylvania.	Cameron Coca-Cola	Washington
headquarters location	J. Schmalz GmbH was founded as a razor blade factory in 1910 in Glatten in the Black Forest.	J. Schmalz GmbH	Glatten
headquarters location	Thomas Cook Airlines Canada is a Canadian charter division of Thomas Cook Airlines based in Montreal, Canada.	Thomas Cook Airlines Canada	Montreal
headquarters location	Allahabad Bank (Hindi: इलाहाबाद बैंक) is a nationalised bank with its headquarters in Kolkata, India.	Allahabad Bank	Kolkata
headquarters location	Willow Springs Distilling Company was a brewery located in south Omaha, Nebraska.	Willow Springs Distilling Company	Omaha
headquarters location	Didi Dache (Chinese: 滴滴打车; literally: ``Didi Taxi Calling'') is a mobile platform taxi-calling application developed by Chinese mobile application company Beijing Xiaoju Keji Co., Ltd. The application is one of the major taxi apps in China, with over 100 million users in more than 300 cities.	Didi Dache	Beijing
headquarters location	Soultone (full name: Soultone Amplification, Inc.), is an American guitar amplifier manufacturing company, based in Chandler, Arizona, and known for making hand wired instrument amplifiers using vintage and modern techniques, components, and features.	Soultone	Chandler
headquarters location	Sino Hotels (Holdings) Limited (SEHK: 1221) is a hotel operator based in Hong Kong but incorporated in the Cayman Islands.	Sino Hotels	Hong Kong
headquarters location	SES S.A. is a communications satellite owner and operator based in Betzdorf, Luxembourg.	SES S.A.	Betzdorf
headquarters location	The Guards Polo Club is an English polo club in Windsor, Berkshire.	Guards Polo Club	Windsor
headquarters location	Urban Service Track is a program that is based at University of Connecticut Health Center.	Urban Service Track	University of Connecticut Health Center
headquarters location	Vantage Airport Group (or Vantage, formerly Vancouver Airport Services or YVRAS) is an airport management company with 8 airports worldwide.	Vantage Airport Group	Vancouver
headquarters location	Medieval Times Entertainment, the holding company for the nine theaters, is headquartered in Irving, Texas.	Medieval Times	Irving, Texas
headquarters location	EIKON International is located in Montgomery, Alabama, and makes interurban cars, trolley cars and streetcars.	EIKON International	Montgomery
headquarters location	Smith & Nephew plc is a British-based multinational medical equipment manufacturing company headquartered in London, United Kingdom.	Smith & Nephew	London
headquarters location	Plan B Advertising Agency is a Chicago-based full-service advertising agency.	Plan B Advertising Agency	Chicago
headquarters location	Shiloh Rifle Manufacturing Company is a firearms manufacturer located in Big Timber, Montana, United States.	Shiloh Rifle Manufacturing Company	Montana
headquarters location	BLME (Bank of London and The Middle East Plc) is an independent UK wholesale Sharia’a compliant bank and is the largest Islamic bank in Europe.	BLME	London
headquarters location	ETF Securities is an asset management firm focused on exchange-traded funds (ETFs), exchange-traded commodities (Commodity ETCs) and exchange-traded currencies (Currency ETCs) with offices in Jersey, London, New York, Sydney and Hong Kong.	ETF Securities	London
headquarters location	Asia Aluminum made its debut on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 1998.	Asia Aluminum	Hong Kong
headquarters location	The leading scientific university of the Altai region, Altai State Technical University (ASTU) is one of a number of universities of the city of Barnaul, Altai Krai, Russia.	Altai State Technical University	Barnaul
headquarters location	In October 2009, Ciné-Asie Creatives co-release Korean blockbuster Haeundae in cooperation with CJ Entertainment America in Canadian theatres in Montreal and Toronto.	Ciné-Asie Creatives	Montreal
headquarters location	Connoisseur's Bakery (commonly referred to simply as Connoisseurs) is a large bakery company in Newtownards, Northern Ireland.	Connoisseur's Bakery	Newtownards
headquarters location	Autolib' is an electric car sharing service which was inaugurated in Paris, France, in December 2011.	Autolib'	Paris
headquarters location	HighChem is a scientific software company based in Bratislava, Slovakia, which focuses on developing mass spectrometry software and cloud solutions for data processing and the identification of compounds.	HighChem	Bratislava
headquarters location	Forestar Group Inc. is a real estate, oil and gas, and other natural resources company based in Austin, Texas.	Forestar Group	Austin
headquarters location	Phamaly Theatre Company (formerly the Physically Handicapped Actors & Musical Artists League or PHAMALy), also known as just Phamaly (as in ``family''), is a theater group and touring company in Denver, Colorado formed entirely of people with disabilities from across the spectrum.	Phamaly Theatre Company	Denver
headquarters location	Landi Renzo S.p.A (also called just Landi) is a multinational company headquartered in Cavriago, Province of Reggio Emilia, Italy.	Landi Renzo	Cavriago
headquarters location	Virgin Australia Regional Airlines (formerly Skywest) is an Australian regional airline company based in Perth; servicing key towns in the state of Western Australia as well as interstate destinations Darwin, Melbourne, Brisbane, Canberra and Sydney.	Virgin Australia Regional Airlines	Perth
headquarters location	Xsigo Systems was an information technology and hardware company based in San Jose, California, US.	Xsigo Systems	San Jose
headquarters location	L. L. Berger was a high-end Department Store based in Buffalo, New York.	L. L. Berger	Buffalo
headquarters location	Kandi Technologies Group, Inc., trading as Kandi, is an automotive manufacturing company based in Jinhua, China.	Kandi Technologies	Jinhua
headquarters location	Biosearch Technologies, Inc. is a closely held biotechnology company headquartered in Petaluma, California.	Biosearch Technologies	Petaluma
headquarters location	Croatian Radiotelevision is the direct successor of the Radio station Zagreb (Radio stanica Zagreb) that started broadcasting on 15 May 1926 under its first director and co-founder, dr. Ivo Stern.	Croatian Radiotelevision	Zagreb
headquarters location	AVADirect Custom Computers is an American computer manufacturing company located in Twinsburg, Ohio.	AVADirect	Twinsburg
headquarters location	Craft Lake City is a free outdoor alternative arts festival in Salt Lake City, Utah, held in August every year.	Craft Lake City	Salt Lake City
headquarters location	Slim Devices, Inc. was a consumer electronics company based in Mountain View, California, United States.	Slim Devices	Mountain View
headquarters location	Caterham Cars is a British manufacturer of specialist lightweight sports cars established in Caterham, Surrey, with their headquarters in Crawley, Sussex.	Caterham Cars	Crawley
headquarters location	Palmair was a British tour operator with its head office in the Space House in Bournemouth, United Kingdom.	Palmair	Bournemouth
headquarters location	Sauerbruch Hutton is an architecture practice based in Berlin, Germany.	Sauerbruch Hutton	Berlin
headquarters location	Iteris, Inc. is an American company which was set up in 1969 and now is based in Santa Ana, California, focusing on intelligent information solutions to the traffic management market globally.	Iteris	Santa Ana
headquarters location	The Owl Drug Company was an American drugstore retailer with its headquarters based in San Francisco.	The Owl Drug Company	San Francisco
headquarters location	Adena Springs Kentucky expanded to its current 2,000 acres (810 ha) facility located in Bourbon County near Paris, Kentucky in 2005.	Adena Springs	Paris
headquarters location	The Bläck Fööss are a music group from Cologne, Germany, started in 1970.	Bläck Fööss	Cologne
headquarters location	Fearless Management is a New York City-based music management (talent management) company founded in 2003 by Joseph Janus, the acting President and Chief Executive Officer.	Fearless Management	New York City
headquarters location	The business was established in 1910 by Alexander Joseph ``Sascha'', Count Kolowrat-Krakowsky as the Sascha-Filmfabrik (``Sascha Film Factory'') in Pfraumberg - Přimda in Bohemia, and relocated in 1912 to Vienna.	Sascha-Film	Vienna
headquarters location	Infinite Computer Solutions Ltd. is an Indian multinational technology company headquartered in Bangalore, India.	Infinite Computer Solutions	Bangalore
headquarters location	Zollner Elektronik AG ranks among the top 15 EMS (Electronic Manufacturing Services) providers with headquarters in Zandt.	Zollner	Zandt
headquarters location	Spanner Films is a small London-based documentary company founded by film director Franny Armstrong in 1997.	Spanner Films	London
headquarters location	Fortis Healthcare Limited is a chain of super speciality hospitals in India, based in Delhi, also available in Amritsar, Kolkata, Navi Mumbai, Mohali, Ludhiana, Jaipur, Chennai, Kota, Bengaluru, Gurgaon, Noida, Faridabad, Mumbai, Odisha.	Fortis Healthcare	Delhi
headquarters location	Headquartered in San Jose, California, Orchard Supply Hardware has dozens of locations throughout California, with expansions into Oregon.	Orchard Supply Hardware	San Jose
headquarters location	Waltham International SA is a Swiss luxury watchmaker based in Marin-Epagnier/Neuchâtel, Switzerland.	Waltham International	Marin-Epagnier
headquarters location	In December 2001, the legacy brand of Dean Foods was acquired by the Dallas-based Suiza Foods Corporation, who later adopted the Dean Foods name.	Dean Foods	Dallas
headquarters location	DFCU Financial is a state-chartered credit union headquartered in Dearborn, Michigan, regulated by Michigan's Department of Licensing and Regulatory Affairs (LARA).	DFCU Financial	Dearborn
headquarters location	The Saudi Aviation Club (SAC) is the first official aviation club of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.	Saudi Aviation Club	Saudi Arabia
headquarters location	Located in Montgomery, Alabama, the Foundation for Moral Law is a 501(c)(3) corporation operating as a non-profit organization with a mission to protect individual religious liberties rights contemplated in the United States Constitution.	Foundation for Moral Law	Montgomery
headquarters location	Voting was carried out between 23 to 28 May 1993 and FUNCINPEC secured 45.47% of all valid votes cast, which entitled them to take up 58 out of 120 seats in the constituent assembly FUNCINPEC obtained the most seats in Kampong Cham, Kandal and Phnom Penh.	FUNCINPEC	Phnom Penh
headquarters location	Bugatti Automobiles S.A.S. is a French high-performance luxury automobiles manufacturer and a subsidiary of Volkswagen AG, with its head office and assembly plant in Molsheim, Alsace, France.	Bugatti Automobiles	Molsheim
headquarters location	Aerocar International was a roadable aircraft manufacturer, founded by Moulton Taylor in Longview, Washington.	Aerocar International	Longview
headquarters location	Biotechnia Ellinikon Trikyklon (Βιοτεχνία Ελληνικών Τρίκυκλων, ``Greek Three-Wheeler Manufacturer''), or BET, was a small vehicle manufacturer founded in Athens by Petros Konstantinou.	Biotechnia Ellinikon Trikyklon	Athens
headquarters location	Group Health Cooperative, (formerly known as Group Health Cooperative of Puget Sound), now more commonly known as Group Health, is a Seattle, Washington based nonprofit healthcare organization.	Group Health Cooperative	Seattle
headquarters location	The Carlsberg Laboratory in Copenhagen, Denmark, was created in 1875 by J. C. Jacobsen, the founder of the Carlsberg brewery, for the sake of advancing biochemical knowledge, especially relating to brewing.	Carlsberg Laboratory	Copenhagen
headquarters location	Surplex GmbH is a Düsseldorf based company that is primarily focused on buying and selling used machinery.	Surplex	Düsseldorf
headquarters location	The Kapsch Group, headquartered in Vienna, Austria, is an international Road Telematics, Information Technology and Telecommunications Company.	Kapsch	Vienna
headquarters location	Petplan Pet Insurance - North America is a Philadelphia-based pet insurance company, providing insurance for pet owners to cover veterinary bills.	Petplan	Philadelphia
headquarters location	Hickory Farms is an American specialty foods company based in Toledo, Ohio.	Hickory Farms	Toledo
headquarters location	The Petrograd Soviet of Workers' and Soldiers' Deputies (Russian: Петроградский Совет рабочих и солдатских депутатов, Petrogradskiy sovet rabochikh i soldatskikh deputatov) was a city council of Petrograd (Saint Petersburg), the capital of the Russian Empire.	Petrograd Soviet	Saint Petersburg
headquarters location	Clearstream operates securities settlement systems based in both Luxembourg and Germany, which allow for the holding and transfer of securities.	Clearstream	Luxembourg
headquarters location	AS Sporveisbussene is a bus company that operates about 75% of the routes in Oslo, Norway.	Sporveisbussene	Oslo
headquarters location	Parvathy Mills Limited or Parvathi Mills Limited is a textile manufacturing company owned by the National Textile Corporation (NTC) situated in Kollam city, India.	Parvathy Mills Limited	Kollam
headquarters location	The Foundry Visionmongers is a visual effects software development company with headquarters in London, and offices in Manchester, Los Angeles and Redwood City, California.	The Foundry Visionmongers	London
headquarters location	Gregory C. Marshall Naval Architect Ltd. (GCMNA) of Victoria, British Columbia, Canada, is a designer of international luxury yachts.	Gregory C. Marshall Naval Architect Ltd.	Victoria
headquarters location	Officine Meccaniche or OM was an Italian car and truck manufacturing company, founded in 1918 in Milan as Societa Anonima Officine Meccaniche.	Officine Meccaniche	Milan
headquarters location	Horizon Fuel Cell Technologies is a company founded in 2003 in Singapore, serving a diverse range of industries with various fuel cell electric energy solutions and products.	Horizon Fuel Cell Technologies	Singapore
headquarters location	Grupa Lotos S.A. is a vertically integrated oil company based in Gdańsk, Poland.	Grupa Lotos	Gdańsk
headquarters location	Ferrocarriles Mediterráneos S.A. (FEMED) was an Argentine company which operated a 5 ft 6 in (1,676 mm) broad gauge railway line between Córdoba and Villa María originally built by the British-owned Central Argentine Railway, which became part of Ferrocarril General Bartolomé Mitre after railway nationalization in 1948.	Ferrocarriles Mediterráneos	Córdoba
headquarters location	Tata Interactive Systems (TIS) is an Indian developer of custom e-learning based in Mumbai, Maharashtra.	Tata Interactive Systems	Mumbai
headquarters location	Dixiana Farm, founded in 1877, is an American Thoroughbred horse breeding farm in Lexington, Kentucky.	Dixiana Farm	Lexington
headquarters location	Gordon-Keeble was a British car marque, made first in Slough, then Eastleigh, and finally in Southampton (all in England), between 1964 and 1967.	Gordon-Keeble	Southampton
headquarters location	The Open Court Publishing Company is a publisher with offices in Chicago and La Salle, Illinois.	Open Court Publishing Company	Chicago
headquarters location	It is produced by the Moxie Beverage Company of Bedford, New Hampshire, which (through several levels of wholly owned subsidiaries) is part of the Kirin Holdings Company of Tokyo, Japan.	Moxie	Bedford, New Hampshire
headquarters location	The Régie Immobilière de la Ville de Paris (also known as the RIVP) is a public housing agency created in 1923 for the construction of low cost and affordable housing in Paris, France.	RIVP	Paris
headquarters location	Eminent Technology is American audio electronics company based in Florida, established in 1983 by Bruce Thigpen.	Eminent Technology	Florida
headquarters location	The Cartercar was an American automobile manufactured in 1905 in Jackson, Michigan, in 1906 in Detroit, and from 1907 to 1915 in Pontiac, Michigan.	Cartercar	Jackson
headquarters location	Dominion Engineering Works was a company with headquarters in Montreal, Canada.	Dominion Engineering Works	Montreal
headquarters location	The LetterOne Group (LetterOne) is an international investment business based in Luxembourg.	LetterOne	Luxembourg
headquarters location	Kinfra Textile Park Taliparamba is a textile park situated in nadukani, near to Taliparamba in Kannur district.	Kinfra Textile Park Taliparamba	Kannur
headquarters location	Quebecor Inc. is a communications company based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Quebecor	Montreal
headquarters location	Specma is a company in Sweden.	Specma	Sweden
headquarters location	R&F Properties (Chinese: 富力地产; pinyin: Fùlì Dìchǎn) is a Chinese property developer based in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China.	R&F Properties	Guangzhou
headquarters location	Cosens & Co Ltd was a British excursion steamer and marine engineering company based in Weymouth.	Cosens & Co Ltd	Weymouth
headquarters location	Wydawnictwo Literackie (abbreviated WL, lit. ``Literary Press'') is a Kraków-based Polish publishing house.	Wydawnictwo Literackie	Kraków
headquarters location	Piaggio & C. SpA corporate headquarters are located in Pontedera, Italy.	Piaggio	Pontedera
headquarters location	Calidad Pascual (formerly Grupo Leche Pascual) is a Spanish dairy company based in Madrid, Spain.	Calidad Pascual	Madrid
headquarters location	Orr's of Easton was begun by Matthew Orr and later sold to the Bixlers.	Orr's	Easton
headquarters location	Tavalon Tea is a New York City based tea company that sells premium loose-leaf teas and related tea products from all over the world.	Tavalon Tea	New York City
headquarters location	The Market-Based Management Institute (MBM) is a non-profit organization based in Wichita, Kansas that researches management strategies, and utilizes their expertise to educate students, educators, community leaders, non-profit organizations, and government leaders in the concepts and methods of management that their research has developed.	Market-Based Management Institute	Wichita
headquarters location	Lishan Bus, (Xi’an Lishan Automobile Factory), is a bus manufacturer based in Xi'an, Shaanxi Province, China.	Lishan Bus	Xi'an
headquarters location	Connacher Oil and Gas Limited is a Calgary-based exploration, development and production company active in the production and sale of bitumen in the Athabasca oil sands region.	Connacher Oil and Gas	Calgary
headquarters location	The Sächsische Akademie der Künste (Saxon Academy of Arts) is a German cultural organisation for the state of Saxony, based in Dresden.	Sächsische Akademie der Künste	Dresden
headquarters location	The Wissenschaftliche Buchgesellschaft (WBG) is a German publishing house in Darmstadt.	Wissenschaftliche Buchgesellschaft	Darmstadt
headquarters location	The Middle East Media Research Institute (MEMRI) is a not for profit press monitoring and analysis organization with headquarters in Washington, D.C. MEMRI publishes and distributes free English language translations of Arabic, Persian, Urdu, Pashto, and Turkish media reports.	Middle East Media Research Institute	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Fabbrica Junior Torinese d'Automobili, Ceirano Junior, Junior F.J.T.A., was an Italian automobile manufacturer based in Turin which was founded by Giovanni Ceirano in 1905.	Junior F.J.T.A.	Turin
headquarters location	The Warwick Economics Summit (WES) is a student-run academic conference held annually at the University of Warwick.	Warwick Economics Summit	University of Warwick
headquarters location	Vijaya Vauhini Studios was once a major a motion picture movie studio in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India.This was for some time the largest film studio in Asia.	Vijaya Vauhini Studios	Chennai
headquarters location	Complaining about disunity and ``abandonment of the original rights idea by other many existing rights parties'', members of Party of Croatian Right, ``who want to be loyal to the original rights teachings and goal'', founded on 19 December 2004 a new political party in Livno.	Party of Croatian Right	Livno
headquarters location	The idea behind OmniCompete and its predecessor company, Global Security Challenge (GSC) was developed at London Business School in 2005, where the founders met during their MBAs.	OmniCompete	London
headquarters location	Wiener Linien (Vienna Lines) are the company running the largest part of the public transit network in the city of Vienna, Austria.	Wiener Linien	Vienna
headquarters location	Caron Foundation is an organization that operates drug and alcohol residential treatment centers in Wyomissing, Plymouth Meeting and Wernersville, Pennsylvania;	Caron Foundation	Wernersville, Pennsylvania
headquarters location	More than 1,250 employees work for Crown Paints, which has its headquarters in Darwen in Lancashire.	Crown Paints	Darwen
headquarters location	Founded in 1979 as the Wessex Archaeological Committee, its name changed in 1983 to the Trust for Wessex Archaeology and became one of the first rescue archaeology units in the country, focussing on the rich concentration of sites in and around Salisbury Plain.	Wessex Archaeology	Salisbury
headquarters location	Grupa Maspex Wadowice (short: Maspex) is an international food company headquartered in Wadowice, Poland.	Maspex	Wadowice
headquarters location	Franco-Nevada Corporation is a Toronto, Canada-based company that owns royalties and streams in gold mining and other commodity and natural resource investments.	Franco-Nevada	Toronto
headquarters location	Lou Malnati's Pizzeria is an American Chicago-style pizza restaurant chain headquartered in Northbrook, Illinois.	Lou Malnati's Pizzeria	Northbrook, Illinois
headquarters location	Tetris Online, Inc. is a video game developer and publisher based in Honolulu, Hawaii.	Tetris Online, Inc.	Honolulu
headquarters location	Elecraft, Inc. is an American manufacturer of amateur radio equipment and kits, based in Aptos, California.	Elecraft	Aptos
headquarters location	Puget Systems is a custom computer business based in Auburn, Washington.	Puget Systems	Auburn, Washington
headquarters location	Le Grand Marché is a supermarket chain based in Sint Maarten in the Caribbean.	Le Grand Marché	Sint Maarten
headquarters location	Lincoln Towing Service is the DBA name of Protective Parking Corporation, one of the largest towing services in Chicago, Illinois.	Lincoln Towing Service	Chicago
headquarters location	Lyryx Learning Inc. (Lyryx) is a privately held educational software company founded in 2000 at the University of Calgary, in the province of Alberta.	Lyryx Learning Inc	Calgary
headquarters location	The Frederick William University (German: Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität, Latin: Alma Mater Berolinensis) was a university in Berlin, Germany.	Frederick William University	Berlin
headquarters location	Taking advantage of better opportunities in Germany, he moved to Berlin where, in 1912, he founded his first company, Fokker Aeroplanbau, later moving to the Görries suburb just southwest of Schwerin, where the current company was founded, as Fokker Aviatik GmbH, on 12 February 1912.	Fokker	Berlin
headquarters location	Brainpool TV GmbH is a German television production company located in Cologne.	Brainpool TV	Cologne
headquarters location	SuperValue is a chain of locally owned and operated supermarkets in New Zealand, established in 1964.	SuperValue	New Zealand
headquarters location	E. Breuninger GmbH & Co., is a Stuttgart-based German department store retailer trading under the name Breuninger.	Breuninger	Stuttgart
headquarters location	Cosmi Americo & Figlio is an Italian shotgun manufacturer located in Ancona, Italy.	Cosmi Americo & Figlio	Ancona
headquarters location	The Association of MBAs (AMBA) is a global MBA-focused accreditation and membership organization founded in London in 1967.	Association of MBAs	London
headquarters location	Royal Air Maroc Express is a regional airline and 100% subsidiary of Royal Air Maroc based in Casablanca, Morocco.	Royal Air Maroc Express	Casablanca
headquarters location	Blue Marble Geographics was established in 1993 and is located in Gardiner, Maine.	Blue Marble Geographics	Gardiner
headquarters location	NZI was formed in Auckland in 1859 and is one of New Zealand's largest and longest-serving fire and general insurance brands.	NZI	Auckland
headquarters location	It reestablished the name of the New York City-based Best & Co. clothing chain that operated from 1879 to 1971.	Best & Co.	New York City
headquarters location	Fehlfarben is a Neue Deutsche Welle band from Düsseldorf, Germany.	Fehlfarben	Düsseldorf
headquarters location	Komedia is an arts and entertainment company which operates venues in the United Kingdom at Brighton and Bath, and a management and production company Komedia Entertainment.	Komedia	Bath
headquarters location	Goldens' Foundry and Machine Co. is a privately held ductile iron and gray iron foundry with headquarters in Columbus, Georgia and additional facilities in Cordele, Georgia in the United States.	Goldens' Foundry	Columbus
headquarters location	Zooplus AG is an on-line retailer of pet supplies with headquarters in Munich, Germany.	Zooplus	Munich
headquarters location	KHS GmbH is a supplier of filling and packaging systems based in Dortmund, Germany.	KHS GmbH	Dortmund
headquarters location	Howard & Bullough was a firm of textile machine manufacturers in Accrington, Lancashire.	Howard & Bullough	Accrington
headquarters location	Flowers Foods, headquartered in Thomasville, Georgia, is a producer and marketer of packaged bakery foods in the United States.	Flowers Foods	Thomasville
headquarters location	Adex Mining Inc. is a Toronto, Canada-based mining exploration company engaged in the development of its wholly owned Mount Pleasant Mine property in Charlotte County, New Brunswick, Canada.	Adex Mining	Toronto
headquarters location	Network-i Ltd is a datacentre company headquartered in Slough, Berkshire, England.	Network-i	Slough
headquarters location	Masten Space Systems is an aerospace manufacturer startup company in Mojave, California (formerly Santa Clara, California) that is developing a line of vertical takeoff, vertical landing (VTVL) spacecraft, initially for unmanned research sub-orbital spaceflights and eventually intended to support unmanned orbital spaceflight launches.	Masten Space Systems	Mojave, California
headquarters location	The Center for Applied Genomics (CAG) is a Center of Emphasis at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia with the primary goal of discovering and translating basic research findings into medical innovations.	Center for Applied Genomics	Philadelphia
headquarters location	National Oilwell Varco (NOV) is an American multinational corporation based in Greater Sharpstown, Houston, Texas.	National Oilwell Varco	Houston
headquarters location	The head office for Colas Ltd is located in Rowfant, West Sussex, which interestingly has within its grounds the old Rowfant railway station which was part of the East Grinstead Railway.	Colas Ltd	Rowfant railway station
headquarters location	Miller Transit is a bus transit operator in Markham, Ontario.	Miller Transit	Markham
headquarters location	The ALNAP Secretariat is hosted by the Overseas Development Institute in London.	ALNAP	London
headquarters location	With its headquarters in Geneva (Switzerland), ICVolunteers has offices and permanent representation in a number of other countries, including France, South Africa, Mali, Spain, Brazil and Canada.	ICVolunteers	Geneva
headquarters location	NanoHealth was founded in 2014 by a group of five alumni from the Indian School of Business in Hyderabad--	NanoHealth	Hyderabad
headquarters location	Iroquois China Company was founded in 1905 in Solvay, New York, located on the western border of Syracuse near the southern shores of Onondaga Lake.	Iroquois China Company	Syracuse
headquarters location	Bob's Red Mill is a brand produced by Bob's Red Mill Natural Foods of Milwaukie, Oregon, United States.	Bob's Red Mill	Milwaukie
headquarters location	Arp-Hansen Hotel Group is a hotel chain based in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Arp-Hansen Hotel Group	Denmark
headquarters location	Taylor & Adams was an engraving firm in Boston, Massachusetts, in the mid-19th century, established by James L. Taylor and Thomas W. Adams.	Taylor & Adams	Boston
headquarters location	Active Network, LLC, is an American multinational corporation headquartered in Dallas, Texas, that provides software as a service for activity and participant management.	Active Network, LLC	Dallas
headquarters location	The Domowina institution, founded in Hoyerswerda in 1912, is situated in Bautzen.	Domowina	Bautzen
headquarters location	Diezel Amplification GmbH is a company based in Bad Steben, Germany, founded by Peter Diezel and Peter Stapfer, that builds high-end guitar amplifiers.	Diezel	Bad Steben
headquarters location	The East Asiatic Company (EAC) (Danish: Det Østasiatiske Kompagni or ØK) was founded by Hans Niels Andersen in Copenhagen in 1897.	East Asiatic Company	Copenhagen
headquarters location	Ellsworth Handcrafted Bicycles is a bicycle manufacturer based in Ramona, California with manufacturing facilities in Vancouver, Washington.	Ellsworth Handcrafted Bicycles	Vancouver
headquarters location	ProCharger was originally located in a leased property in Lenexa, KS.	ProCharger	Lenexa
headquarters location	The World Auto Co., Ltd. (Vietnamese: Công ty ô tô Thế giới) is the official general importer and car assembly plant for Volkswagen located in the Ho Chi Minh City.	World Auto	Ho Chi Minh City
headquarters location	Zhejiang Tailong Commercial Bank (TLB) (Chinese: 浙江泰隆商业银行, Pinyin: Zhèjiāng Tàilóng Shāngyè Yínháng), one of several SME financing service leading providers, is headquartered in Taizhou, Zhejiang Province, Eastern China.	Zhejiang Tailong Commercial Bank	Taizhou
headquarters location	Rhinegold Education, comprising the music and drama study guides and related educational books previously owned by Rhinegold Publishing, was acquired by London-based music publisher Music Sales Ltd in September 2010.	Rhinegold Publishing	London
headquarters location	Kalypso Media was founded in summer 2006 in Worms, located in the Frankfurt Rhine-Main metropolitan area.	Kalypso Media	Worms
headquarters location	Paradox Interactive is a Swedish video game publisher based in Stockholm that is known for publishing historical strategy computer games.	Paradox Interactive	Stockholm
headquarters location	Enel Green Power S.p.A. is an Italian multinational renewable energy corporation, headquartered in Rome.	Enel Green Power	Rome
headquarters location	The Royal Danish Ballet is an internationally renowned classical ballet company, based at the Royal Danish Theatre in Kongens Nytorv, Copenhagen, Denmark.	Royal Danish Ballet	Kongens Nytorv
headquarters location	Estel (also styled as ESTEL) was a steel company formed by the merging of Koninklijke Hoogovens IJmuiden steel plant and Hoesch's main steel plant in Dortmund.	Estel	Dortmund
headquarters location	Rosen Tantau (also RosenWelt Tantau) is a rose breeding company located at Uetersen, in the District of Pinneberg in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Rosen Tantau	Uetersen
headquarters location	Olivio Premium Products, Inc., is a food manufacturing company based in Boston, Massachusetts, USA.	Olivio Premium Products	Boston
headquarters location	Neuros Technology is a Chicago, Illinois--based company that produces a number of audio and video devices with the brand name Neuros.	Neuros Technology	Chicago
headquarters location	LIC Housing Finance Limited (LIC HFL) is one of the largest Housing Finance companies in India having its Registered and Corporate office at Mumbai.	LIC Housing Finance	Mumbai
headquarters location	Fever Media Ltd is a British television production company based in London.	Fever Media	London
headquarters location	Synapse Group is headquartered at 225 High Ridge Road, in Stamford, Connecticut.	Synapse Group	Stamford
headquarters location	Paragon Cable was a cable system based in Minneapolis, Minnesota and was owned by Houston Industries.	Paragon Cable	Minneapolis
headquarters location	The Parnassos Literary Society (Greek: Φιλολογικός Σύλλογος Παρνασσός) was founded in 1865 in Athens and has published various magazines.	Parnassos Literary Society	Athens
headquarters location	Liuli Gongfang or Liuligongfang (琉璃工房) is Taiwan's only contemporary glass studio devoted to artistic Chinese glassware.	Liuli Gongfang	Taiwan
headquarters location	The first Promart store opened in 2011 in the Santiago de Surco district of Lima.	Promart	Lima
headquarters location	Bloor Homes is an English housebuilder based in Ashby Road, Measham, Leicestershire, although it has a Derbyshire post code.	Bloor Homes	Measham
headquarters location	Talati and Panthaky Associated (TPA) is an Indian architecture and interior design firm based in Mumbai.	Talati and Panthaky	Mumbai
headquarters location	Chicken Lips and the World Humor Organization, Inc. (WHO) are an improvisational comedy company which operate not only in the Denver, Colorado but nationwide across the US.	Chicken Lips	Denver
headquarters location	Weidemann GmbH is a multinational agricultural machinery company based in Diemelsee-Flechtdorf in the district of Waldeck-Frankenberg in Hesse, Germany.	Weidemann GmbH	Diemelsee
headquarters location	The Giving Keys (TGK) is a Los Angeles-based jewelry company founded by singer-songwriter and actress Caitlin Crosby.	The Giving Keys	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Čačanska banka (full legal name: Čačanska banka a.d. Čačak) (Today- Halk Bank)is a Serbian bank founded in 1990 with headquarters in Čačak, Serbia.	Čačanska banka	Čačak
headquarters location	International Hat Company, formerly named the International Harvest Hat Company, was a St. Louis, Missouri based manufacturer of commercial and military sun hats.	International Hat Company	St. Louis
headquarters location	The Aeon Display and Security System is a Burmese company, with headquarters at, Kamayut Township, Yangon, Burma.	Aeon Display and Security System	Yangon
headquarters location	Until 1996, EGREM distributed music recorded at its Havana studios under the imprint Areito.	EGREM	Havana
headquarters location	Atria Senior Living is a privately held, for-profit senior housing company based in Louisville, Kentucky.	Atria Senior Living	Louisville
headquarters location	Animation Magic (Russian: Магия Анимации) was an American animation company created in Gaithersburg, Maryland, with offices in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and a 100% owned subsidiary located in St. Petersburg, Russia.	Animation Magic	Gaithersburg
headquarters location	Nemertes Research is a research-advisory firm that specializes in analyzing and quantifying the business value of emerging technologies headquartered in Mokena, Illinois.	Nemertes Research	Mokena, Illinois
headquarters location	Van Houtte Inc. is a company based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada that processes, distributes and sells coffee and related products.	Van Houtte	Montreal
headquarters location	SATS Security Services Pte Ltd (SSS) is a subsidiary of SATS Ltd, providing security services for aviation-related activities at the Singapore Changi Airport.	SATS Security Services	Singapore
headquarters location	Al Hilal Bank (Arabic: مصرف الهلال), is a progressive Islamic bank headquartered in Abu Dhabi.	Al Hilal Bank	Abu Dhabi
headquarters location	HORIBA MIRA Ltd. (formerly the Motor Industry Research Association) is an automotive engineering and development consultancy company headquartered near Nuneaton in Warwickshire, United Kingdom.	MIRA Ltd.	Nuneaton
headquarters location	Aerial Distributors was a US aircraft manufacturer established in Wichita, Kansas in 1967.	Aerial Distributors	Wichita
headquarters location	Kolavia Flight 348(Note 1)(Note 2) was a domestic scheduled passenger flight from Surgut International Airport, Surgut, Russia, to Domodedovo International Airport, Moscow, Russia.	Kolavia Flight 348	Moscow
headquarters location	Commerzbank AG is a global banking and financial services company founded in 1870 with its headquarters in Frankfurt, Germany.	Commerzbank	Frankfurt
headquarters location	Wheatsville Co-op is a community owned food co-operative in Austin, Texas.	Wheatsville Co-op	Austin
headquarters location	Pfrang Association (also known as Pfrang) is a charitable organization based in Nanjing, China which raises money to assist with the education of children in the poor and rural regions of Jiangsu Province.	Pfrang Association	Nanjing
headquarters location	Suffolk Bank was a clearinghouse bank in Boston, Massachusetts, that exchanged specie or locally backed bank notes for notes from country banks to which city-dwellers could not easily travel to redeem notes.	Suffolk Bank	Boston
headquarters location	The German Rowboat Film- und Fernsehproduktion is a film production company based in Cologne.	Rowboat Film- und Fernsehproduktion	Cologne
headquarters location	Safaricom employs over 1,500 people mainly stationed in Nairobi and other big cities like Mombasa, Kisumu, Nakuru and Eldoret in which it operates retail outlets.	Safaricom	Nairobi
headquarters location	Call Federal Credit Union is a federally insured, not-for-profit financial cooperative headquartered in Richmond, Virginia.	Call Federal Credit Union	Richmond
instrument	Paleo, aka David Strackany, is an American singer of folk music who is notable for writing a song every day for 365 days using a ``half-size children's guitar'' while living out of his car and being essentially homeless.	David Strackany	guitar
instrument	In 2003, Guitar One Magazine voted Chris Impellitteri the 2nd fastest guitar shredder of all time followed by Yngwie Malmsteen as the 3rd fastest shredder.	Chris Impellitteri	guitar
instrument	Chase Sanborn (born September 3, 1956) is a well-known Canadian jazz trumpet player and veteran studio musician based in Toronto, Ontario.	Chase Sanborn	trumpet
instrument	Nikolaus Simrock (23 August 1751 in Mainz -- 12 June 1832 in Bonn) was a German horn player at the court of the Elector of Cologne in Bonn and a music publisher.	Nikolaus Simrock	horn
instrument	After getting tired of being backed by different backing bands, in 1972 he switched from acoustic guitar to bass and formed his own band, Ted Mulry Gang, with guitarist Les Hall & drummer Herman Kovac.The band signed a recording deal with Albert Productions in 1974 and released their first album Here We Are.	Ted Mulry	guitar
instrument	John Graas (March 14, 1917 -- April 13, 1962) was an American jazz French horn player, composer, and arranger.	John Graas	horn
instrument	Radovan Vlatković (born 1962) is a Croatian born horn player.	Radovan Vlatković	horn
instrument	Professor Ifor James (30 August 1931 -- 23 December 2004) was a horn player and teacher, numbering among his pupils many future Principal Horns and horn professors at British music schools.	Ifor James	horn
instrument	Francis Monkman played guitar as well as keyboards in Curved Air, switching between them when playing live.	Francis Monkman	guitar
instrument	Randy Bradbury (born September 20, 1964 in Long Beach, California) is the current bass guitar player for the Californian punk band Pennywise.	Randy Bradbury	bass guitar
instrument	Jimmy Lyons (December 1, 1931 -- May 19, 1986) was an alto saxophone player.	Jimmy Lyons	saxophone
instrument	Héctor del Curto is an Argentine tango bandoneon player.	Héctor del Curto	bandoneon
instrument	Barry Reynolds, born in Bolton, Lancashire, is a British guitar player, songwriter, composer and producer, best known for his long lasting collaboration with Marianne Faithfull.	Barry Reynolds	guitar
instrument	Mike Moon is the stage name of Mikael Myllynen, born 1968, a guitar player from Sweden.	Mike Moon	guitar
instrument	Axel ``Axe`` Hilgenstöhler (born August 1975) is a German Record Producer, Mixing Engineer and Guitarist. He is a founding member of the band Thumb and played guitar with many Bands, e.g. Dog Eat Dog and 50 Cent. In 2003 Afrika Islam founded with Axel Hilgenstöhler ``The Machine''	Axel Hilgenstöhler	guitar
instrument	Victor Dominicis is a New York punk rock guitarist known for the bands Nausea and for playing bass guitar in Reagan Youth .	Victor Dominicis	guitar
instrument	Joseph Meifred (1791--1867) was a hornist, a pedagogue, and a horn designer.	Joseph Meifred	horn
instrument	Franco Mussida (born in Milan, Italy, on 21 March 1947) is an Italian guitar player, composer, and singer.	Franco Mussida	guitar
instrument	Johnny Rod (born John Tumminello on December 8, 1957) is an American bass guitar player.	Johnny Rod	guitar
instrument	Radoslav Lorković (born September 3, 1958) is a Croatian born and classically trained folk and blues musician, known in particular for his flair on the piano and accordion.	Radoslav Lorković	piano	accordion
instrument	Nicolás Ruiz Espadero (February 15, 1832 -- August 30, 1890) was a Cuban pianist, composer, piano teacher and editor of the posthumous works of American composer-pianist Louis Moreau Gottschalk.	Nicolás Ruiz Espadero	piano
instrument	Rainer Brüninghaus was educated in classical piano playing from the age of 9, and founded his first jazz trio when he was 16.	Rainer Brüninghaus	piano
instrument	Born in Córdoba, Spain as Francisco Peña Pérez, Paco Peña began learning to play the guitar from his brother at age six and made his first professional appearance at twelve.	Paco Peña	guitar
instrument	Freddie Jameson, also known as Fred Jameson, (born Frederick William Jameson, 4 October 1929, London) is an English trumpet player, composer and arranger, who worked for several leading British bandleaders in the 1950s and 1960s.	Freddie Jameson	trumpet
instrument	Appreciated by professionals - Sammy Hagar: ``Adam Fulara is real genius of guitar.''	Adam Fulara	guitar
instrument	Nelson Faria (March 23, 1963 in Belo Horizonte) is a Brazilian guitar player.	Nelson Faria	guitar
instrument	He is the founder and leader of the Jon Finn Group, and is a professor at the Berklee College of Music; he joined the guitar faculty there in 1988.	Jon Finn	guitar
instrument	Pamela J. Marshall (born 31 May 1954) is an American horn player and composer.	Pamela J. Marshall	horn
instrument	Pedro Iturralde, born 1929, is a Spanish saxophonist, saxophone teacher and composer.	Pedro Iturralde	saxophone
instrument	Johanna Beisteiner received her first guitar lessons at the age of nine at the Josef Matthias Hauer music school in her hometown Wiener Neustadt.	Johanna Beisteiner	guitar
instrument	Frode Haltli (born 15 May 1975 in Levanger), is a Norwegian accordion player.	Frode Haltli	accordion
instrument	Joshua Fiedler (born on December 19, 1978) is a musician from Latrobe, Pennsylvania who is best known for playing guitar in the band The Juliana Theory.	Joshua Fiedler	guitar
instrument	Jeff Linsky (born 1952) is an American guitarist known for improvisational freedom on the solo guitar.	Jeff Linsky	guitar
instrument	David Leisner sprang onto the guitar scene with top prizes in the 1975 Toronto and 1981 Geneva International Guitar Competitions.	David Leisner	guitar
instrument	Jackie Daly (Kanturk (North Cork, Ireland), 1945) is an Irish button accordion and concertina player.	Jackie Daly	accordion
instrument	In the mid 1990s, he formed The Chris Joris Experience, a jazz band with Sam Versweyveld (trumpet), Bart Defoort (saxophone), Ernst Vranckx (piano) and Chris Mentens (acoustic bass).	Chris Joris	piano
instrument	Bernard Odum (1932 -- August 17, 2004) was an US bass guitar player best known for performing in James Brown's band in the 1960s.	Bernard Odum	guitar
instrument	Heavily influenced by bands such as Pantera, Cannibal Corpse, and Dream Theater, Dustie Waring is a self-taught guitar player, mainly learning off instructional videos and by ear.	Dustie Waring	guitar
licensed to broadcast to	WYNT (95.9 FM) is a Hot AC station formerly located in Upper Sandusky, Ohio now located with its studios in Marion, Ohio and its transmitter and city of license moved to Caledonia, Ohio.	WYNT	Caledonia, Ohio
licensed to broadcast to	WNBC, channel 4, is the East Coast and main flagship station of the NBC Television Network, located in New York City.	WNBC	New York City
licensed to broadcast to	WJQX (100.5 FM, ``JOX 2: ESPN 100.5'') is a sports radio station licensed to Birmingham suburb of Helena, Alabama, which serves Birmingham and central Alabama.	WJQX	Helena
licensed to broadcast to	WXSU-LP is the student-run radio station at Salisbury University in Salisbury, Maryland.	WXSU-LP	Salisbury
licensed to broadcast to	KGHP-FM (89.9), is a student-run high school radio station operating on a non-commercial license in Gig Harbor, Washington.	KGHP	Gig Harbor
licensed to broadcast to	WHLF is an Adult Contemporary formatted broadcast radio station licensed to South Boston, Virginia, serving South Boston and Halifax County, Virginia.	WHLF	South Boston
licensed to broadcast to	KTUC (1400 AM) is a commercial radio station located in Tucson, Arizona.	KTUC	Tucson
licensed to broadcast to	WAXQ (104.3 FM, ``Q-104.3'') is a classic rock-formatted radio station located in New York City.	WAXQ	New York City
licensed to broadcast to	CJXY-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 107.9 FM and serving the Hamilton, Ontario market, but licensed to the nearby city of Burlington.	CJXY-FM	Burlington
licensed to broadcast to	WCLZ is a radio station licensed to North Yarmouth, Maine with studios located in Portland, Maine.	WCLZ	North Yarmouth
licensed to broadcast to	KIOO is a classic rock formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Porterville, California, serving the Visalia/Tulare area.	KIOO	Porterville
licensed to broadcast to	WQXL is a news/talk formatted radio station licensed by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to Columbia, South Carolina.	WQXL	Columbia
licensed to broadcast to	WLZA (96.1 FM is an adult contemporary radio station based in Eupora, Mississippi. WLZA serves Starkville and east-central Mississippi with an ERP of 40,000 watts. WLZA is owned by Tri County Broadcasting.	WLZA	Eupora, Mississippi
licensed to broadcast to	WGOT-LP (94.7 FM) is a low power FM radio station that broadcasts from Gainesville, Florida, United States.	WGOT-LP	Gainesville
licensed to broadcast to	KBFP-FM is licensed to Delano, California, and broadcasting to the Bakersfield, California, area.	KBFP-FM	Delano
licensed to broadcast to	WEGG (710 AM, ``Surge 100'') is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Rose Hill, North Carolina.	WEGG	Rose Hill, North Carolina
licensed to broadcast to	KINT-FM (93.9 FM) is licensed to serve El Paso, Texas.	KINT-FM	El Paso
licensed to broadcast to	WMHK FM 89.7 is a non-commercial Christian radio station in Columbia, South Carolina.	WMHK	Columbia
licensed to broadcast to	CBK-FM is a Canadian radio station, which broadcasts the programming of the CBC Radio 2 network at 96.9 FM in Regina, Saskatchewan.	CBK-FM	Regina
licensed to broadcast to	WFPL is a 24-hour listener-supported, noncommercial radio station in Louisville, Kentucky, broadcasting at 89.3 MHz and focusing on news.	WFPL	Louisville
licensed to broadcast to	WHVK (103.5 FM) is a radio station repeating a satellite-delivered Contemporary Christian music format branded as K-LOVE, and is licensed to New Hope, Alabama.	WHVK	New Hope
licensed to broadcast to	WZCR (93.5 FM, ``Oldies 93.5'') is an oldies radio station licensed to Hudson, New York, and serving Columbia and Greene counties as well as the upper Hudson Valley, the southern Capital District, and Berkshire County, Massachusetts.	WZCR	Hudson
licensed to broadcast to	KACV-FM (89.9 FM, ``FM90'') is a college radio station in Amarillo, Texas, USA.	KACV-FM	Amarillo
licensed to broadcast to	KBLE (1050 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a religious radio format licensed and serving the Seattle/Puget Sound area.	KBLE	Seattle
licensed to broadcast to	WEPN-FM (98.7 MHz), known by its on-air branding ESPN New York 98.7 FM, is an all-sports radio station in New York City.	WEPN-FM	New York City
licensed to broadcast to	Northsound 2 is a commercial radio station broadcasting to Aberdeen and Aberdeenshire on 1035 kHz on the medium wave band, online and on digital.	Northsound 2	Aberdeen
licensed to broadcast to	WVSU-FM (91.1 FM) is a non-commercial, listener-supported campus radio station licensed to Birmingham, Alabama, and owned and operated by Samford University.	WVSU-FM	Birmingham
licensed to broadcast to	WRFW (88.7 FM) is a Class A radio station licensed to the UW System Board of Regents and operates in River Falls, Wisconsin.	WRFW	River Falls
licensed to broadcast to	WNRG-FM (106.9 FM) - branded as Energy 106.9 - is a rhythmic contemporary radio station in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, licensed to the suburb of Brookfield.	WNRG-FM	Brookfield
licensed to broadcast to	CFGX-FM is a Canadian radio station, which broadcasts at 99.9 FM in Sarnia, Ontario.	CFGX-FM	Sarnia
licensed to broadcast to	WLTA is a Christian talk radio station licensed to Alpharetta, Georgia, United States.	WLTA	Alpharetta
licensed to broadcast to	WNOK is a CHR radio station licensed to Columbia, South Carolina and serves the Columbia, South Carolina market.	WNOK	Columbia
licensed to broadcast to	KGAC (91.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to St. Peter, Minnesota, serving the St. Peter, Mankato, New Ulm area.	KGAC	St. Peter
licensed to broadcast to	WULR (980 AM) is an American radio station licensed by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to serve the community of York, South Carolina, USA.	WULR	York, South Carolina
licensed to broadcast to	CHVD-FM is a French-language Canadian radio station in Dolbeau-Mistassini, Quebec.	CHVD-FM	Dolbeau-Mistassini
licensed to broadcast to	KBXX (``97.9 The Box'') is a Houston-based radio station airing a rhythmic contemporary music format.	KBXX	Houston
licensed to broadcast to	WZFX is a Mainstream Urban formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Whiteville, North Carolina and located in Fayetteville, North Carolina.	WZFX	Whiteville, North Carolina
licensed to broadcast to	WNSW (1430 AM) is a Religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Newark, New Jersey, serving the New York Metropolitan area.	WNSW	Newark
licensed to broadcast to	KABF (88.3 FM) is a community radio station in Little Rock, Arkansas, USA.	KABF	Little Rock
licensed to broadcast to	WBEE-FM (92.5 FM) is a country music formatted radio station in the Rochester, New York, radio market.	WBEE-FM	Rochester
licensed to broadcast to	WCCP-FM is a Sports Talk radio station operating out of Clemson, South Carolina, under the name ``The Roar''.	WCCP-FM	Clemson
licensed to broadcast to	CKDH-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 101.7 FM in Amherst, Nova Scotia, owned by the Maritime Broadcasting System, and currently offers a country music format.	CKDH-FM	Amherst
licensed to broadcast to	WSMK (99.1 FM, ``Smokin' 99.1'') is a radio station licensed to Buchanan, Michigan and serving the South Bend, Indiana market, broadcasting a Rhythmic Contemporary format.	WSMK	Buchanan, Michigan
licensed to broadcast to	WORB (90.3 FM) was a non-commercial, college radio station located on the campus of Oakland Community College in Farmington Hills, Michigan United States.	WORB	Farmington Hills
licensed to broadcast to	WOWW is a broadcast radio station licensed to Germantown, Tennessee and serving Memphis, Tennessee.	WOWW	Germantown
licensed to broadcast to	CISN-FM (103.9 FM) is a radio station that broadcasts from Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	CISN-FM	Edmonton
licensed to broadcast to	KRMD-FM (101.1 FM, ``Nash FM 101.1'') is a contemporary country music formatted radio station licensed to Oil City, Louisiana, and serving the Shreveport-Bossier City Metropolitan Area.	KRMD-FM	Oil City, Louisiana
licensed to broadcast to	CKIZ-FM is a Canadian radio station in Vernon, British Columbia, Canada, airing an adult contemporary format at 107.5 FM branded as 107.5 Kiss FM.	CKIZ-FM	Vernon
licensed to broadcast to	WNTO (93.1 FM, ``93.1 The Wolf'') is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Racine, Ohio, with studios in Gallipolis, Ohio.	WNTO	Racine, Ohio
licensed to broadcast to	WWOL (780 AM) is a radio station licensed to Forest City, North Carolina, USA, broadcasting a Southern Gospel format.	WWOL	Forest City, North Carolina
licensed to broadcast to	CINF was a French language Canadian radio station located in Montreal, Quebec.	CINF	Montreal
licensed to broadcast to	WSLB (1400 AM) is an all-sports radio station, operating from Ogdensburg, New York, United States.	WSLB	Ogdensburg
licensed to broadcast to	WXAC (91.3 FM) is a college radio station licensed to Reading, Pennsylvania and serves the Reading area.	WXAC	Reading
licensed to broadcast to	WFNN is a sports radio station in Erie, Pennsylvania that broadcasts on 1330 kHz and is operated by Connoisseur Media.	WFNN	Erie
licensed to broadcast to	WNMU-FM is a radio station in the United States, broadcasting at FM 90.1 in Marquette, Michigan.	WNMU-FM	Marquette
licensed to broadcast to	KPFX (107.9 FM, ``107.9 The Fox'') is a classic rock radio station located in Fargo, North Dakota, owned by Jim Ingstad's Radio FM Media.	KPFX	Fargo
licensed to broadcast to	KMRB (1430 AM) is a radio station in Pasadena, California, USA (licensed to and transmitted from San Gabriel, California) that broadcasts completely in Cantonese 24 hours a day.	KMRB	San Gabriel
licensed to broadcast to	WAYV (95.1 FM) is a commercial radio station located in Atlantic City, New Jersey.	WAYV	Atlantic City
licensed to broadcast to	CFNR-FM is a Canadian radio station based in Terrace, British Columbia, owned and operated by Northern Native Broadcasting.	CFNR-FM	Terrace, British Columbia
licensed to broadcast to	WHYB (103.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to Menominee, Michigan and serving the areas of Menominee, neighboring Marinette, Wisconsin, and the immediate border area of Upper Michigan and Northeast Wisconsin.	WHYB	Menominee
licensed to broadcast to	WQLH (98.5 FM, ``Star 98'') is a Hot Adult Contemporary formatted radio station licensed to Green Bay, Wisconsin and serving Green Bay, Appleton, Oshkosh, and Northeast Wisconsin.	WQLH	Green Bay
licensed to broadcast to	WMLB AM 1690, ``The Voice of the Arts'', is a radio station licensed to Avondale Estates, Georgia, and serves most of the metro Atlanta radio market.	WMLB	Avondale Estates, Georgia
licensed to broadcast to	KIMO (107.3 FM, ``The Mighty Mo'') is a commercial radio station located in Townsend, Montana and serves the Helena area.	KIMO	Townsend
licensed to broadcast to	KOLL (106.3 FM, ``La Zeta'') is a radio station licensed in Lonoke, Arkansas, broadcasting to the Little Rock, Arkansas, area.	KOLL	Lonoke
licensed to broadcast to	WEKI (1490 AM, ``1490AM & 94.7FM - WEKI'') is an American radio station licensed to Decatur, Alabama, that serves the western Huntsville, Alabama, market.	WEKI	Decatur
licensed to broadcast to	KQMS-FM (99.3 FM) is an American commercial radio station in Shasta Lake, California, serving the Northern California, area.	KQMS-FM	Shasta Lake
manufacturer	The SV-328 is an 8-bit home computer introduced by Spectravideo in June 1983.	SV-328	Spectravideo
manufacturer	MS Viking Cinderella is a cruiseferry built in 1989 at Wärtsilä Marine Perno Shipyard in Turku, Finland, as MS Cinderella for SF Line, one of the owners of the Viking Line consortium.	MS Viking Cinderella	Wärtsilä Marine
manufacturer	German submarine U-772 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The U-boat was laid down on 21 September 1942 at the Kriegsmarinewerft Wilhelmshaven (KMW), launched on 31 October 1943, and commissioned on 23 December 1943, commanded by Kapitänleutnant Ewald Rademacher.	German submarine U-772	Kriegsmarinewerft Wilhelmshaven
manufacturer	The Walther Model 9 was a striker fired semi-automatic pistol produced by Walther arms and chambered in .25 ACP.	Walther Model 9	Walther arms
manufacturer	Fanta is a global brand of fruit-flavored carbonated soft drinks created by The Coca-Cola Company.	Fanta	The Coca-Cola Company
manufacturer	The ZT3 Ingwe (Leopard) is a modern South African multi-role laser guided anti-tank guided missile (ATGM) manufactured by Denel Dynamics (formerly Kentron).	ZT3 Ingwe	Denel Dynamics
manufacturer	The ALCO 300 was an early diesel-electric switcher locomotive built by the American Locomotive Company (ALCO) of Schenectady, New York between 1931 and 1938.	ALCO 300	American Locomotive Company
manufacturer	The Yamaha WR250R is a dual-sport motorcycle made by Yamaha Motor Company.	Yamaha WR250R	Yamaha Motor Company
manufacturer	The Ambrosini S.1001 Grifo (``Griffin'') was an Italian light airplane that appeared shortly after the end of World War II. The first plane built by SAI Ambrosini postwar, the prototype flew in 1947 and was derived from the pre-war SAI.2S.	Ambrosini S.1001	SAI Ambrosini
manufacturer	The Massey Shaw was built in 1935 by the J. Samuel White company at Cowes, Isle of Wight.	Massey Shaw	J. Samuel White
manufacturer	The Mitsubishi Magna is a mid-size car that was produced over three generations between 1985 and 2005 by Mitsubishi Motors Australia Limited (MMAL).	Mitsubishi Magna	Mitsubishi Motors
manufacturer	The TOZ-194 is a 12 Gauge, pump-action shotgun manufactured by the Tula Arms Plant.	TOZ-194	Tula Arms Plant
manufacturer	The HTC Legend was a phone manufactured by HTC Corporation in Taiwan for the Android platform.	HTC Legend	HTC Corporation
manufacturer	German submarine U-821 was a short-lived Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine, built by Oderwerke in Stettin during World War II for service in the Battle of the Atlantic.	German submarine U-821	Oderwerke
manufacturer	CCGS Provo Wallis was built in 1969 at Marine Industries, Sorel.	CCGS Provo Wallis	Marine Industries
manufacturer	DE-751 was laid down by the Western Pipe and Steel Company at San Pedro, California, on 4 August 1943 and named USS Gaynier (DE-751) on 3 September 1943.	USS Gaynier (DE-751)	Western Pipe and Steel Company
manufacturer	The 6.5mm Creedmoor is a centerfire rifle cartridge introduced by Hornady in 2007 as a modification of the .30 TC.	6.5mm Creedmoor	Hornady
manufacturer	The Fujifilm FinePix S1 Pro was an interchangeable lens digital single-lens reflex camera introduced in January 2000.	FinePix S1 Pro	Fujifilm
manufacturer	The HTC Evo 4G (trademarked in capitals as EVO 4G, also marketed as HTC EVO WiMAX ISW11HT in Japan) is a smartphone developed by HTC Corporation and marketed as Sprint's flagship Android smartphone, running on its WiMAX network.	HTC Evo 4G	HTC Corporation
manufacturer	The Hyundai New Power Truck (hangul:현대 뉴파워트럭) is a line of heavy-duty commercial vehicle by Hyundai Motor Company.	Hyundai New Power Truck	Hyundai Motor Company
manufacturer	The Datsun Sports (called Datsun Fairlady in the Japanese and Australian markets), was a series of roadsters produced by Nissan in the 1960s.	Datsun Sports	Nissan
manufacturer	The Tesla Model X is a full-size crossover SUV made by Tesla Motors.	Tesla Model X	Tesla Motors
manufacturer	Tata Prima is a range of heavy trucks produced by Tata Daewoo, a wholly owned subsidiary of Tata Motors of India.	Tata Prima	Tata Daewoo
manufacturer	The Toyopet Master was an evolution of an earlier Toyota sedan called the Toyota SF/RH model (also known as the Super), and was sold in parallel with the first Toyota Crown.	Toyopet Master	Toyota
manufacturer	The Amstrad PC1512 was Amstrad's mostly IBM PC-compatible computer system, first manufactured in 1986.	PC1512	Amstrad
manufacturer	Schweppes Cola is currently owned and distributed by Dr Pepper Snapple Group.	Schweppes Cola	Dr Pepper Snapple Group
manufacturer	The Maurice Farman MF.11 Shorthorn is a French aircraft developed before World War I by the Farman Aviation Works.	Farman MF.11	Farman Aviation Works
manufacturer	The original Raspberry Pi and Raspberry Pi 2 are manufactured in several board configurations through licensed manufacturing agreements with Newark element14 (Premier Farnell), RS Components and Egoman.	Raspberry Pi	RS Components
manufacturer	Blue Vixen was a British airborne radar designed and built for the Royal Navy by Ferranti Defence Systems (later, GEC-Marconi), Edinburgh, Scotland.	Blue Vixen	Ferranti
manufacturer	The first Q-Flex LNG carrier was delivered by Hyundai Heavy Industries in late 2007.	Q-Flex	Hyundai Heavy Industries
manufacturer	The North American B-25 Mitchell is an American twin-engine, medium bomber manufactured by North American Aviation (NAA).	North American B-25 Mitchell	North American Aviation
manufacturer	The Ruger American Rifle is a bolt-action magazine-fed rifle made by Sturm, Ruger & Co. as an entry-level hunting and target-shooting rifle.	Ruger American Rifle	Sturm, Ruger & Co.
manufacturer	The Hyundai Stellar (Hangul: 현대 스텔라) was a mid-size rear-wheel drive automobile produced by the Hyundai Motor Company to succeed the soon to be replaced Ford Cortina that Hyundai were building under licence.	Hyundai Stellar	Hyundai Motor Company
manufacturer	In 1967, a contract for the development of HART was given to the Martin Marietta corporation, based in Orlando, Florida; the rocket received the official designation of AGR-14 ZAP, for ``Zero Anti-Aircraft Potential'', at this time.	AGR-14 ZAP	Martin Marietta
manufacturer	The MacBook Pro (sometimes abbreviated MBP) is a line of Macintosh portable computers introduced in January 2006 by Apple Inc., now in its third generation.	MacBook Pro	Apple Inc.
manufacturer	The Fort-12 (Ukrainian: Форт-12) is a semi-automatic pistol which was designed in the late 1990s by Ukrainian firearms designer RPC Fort.	Fort-12	RPC Fort
manufacturer	The Yamaha Royal Star Venture is a luxury touring motorcycle built by the Yamaha Motor Company.	Yamaha Royal Star Venture	Yamaha Motor Company
military branch	Major-General Edward Charles Ingouville-Williams CB, DSO (13 December 1861 -- 22 July 1916) was a British Army officer of the First World War.	Edward Charles Ingouville-Williams	British Army
military branch	Norman Francis Vandivier (March 10, 1916 -- June 4, 1942) was a United States Navy aviator during World War II. He was posthumously awarded the Navy Cross for action during the Battle of Midway.	Norman Francis Vandivier	United States Navy
military branch	William Sooy Smith (July 22, 1830 -- March 4, 1916) was a West Point graduate and career United States Army officer who rose through the ranks to become a major general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	William Sooy Smith	Union Army
military branch	Francis Columbine (died 22 September 1746) was a British Army officer.	Francis Columbine	British Army
military branch	Air Chief Marshal Sir Ronald Ivelaw-Chapman GCB KBE DFC AFC (17 January 1899 -- 28 April 1978) was a senior commander in the Royal Air Force in the middle of the 20th century and the penultimate RAF commander-in-chief of the Indian Air Force.	Ronald Ivelaw-Chapman	Royal Air Force
military branch	Major-General Sir Herbert Ralph Hone KCMG KBE MC (3 May 1896 -- 28 November 1992) was a British Army officer, barrister and colonial administrator.	Ralph Hone	British Army
military branch	Jack Mason Gougar (September 29, 1920 - January 1, 2007) was a full career aviator with the United States Navy.	Jack Mason Gougar	United States Navy
military branch	Captain Sir Charles Marsh Schomberg KCH CB (1779 -- 2 January 1835) was an officer of the British Royal Navy, who served during French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars, and later served as lieutenant governor of Dominica.	Charles Marsh Schomberg	Royal Navy
military branch	Casimir Michael Grigg CBE (25 February 1917 - 30 January 2015) was a British Army officer who won the Military Cross in Sicily in 1943 and later was appointed the first major general of the Zambian Army by Kenneth Kaunda.	Michael Grigg	British Army
military branch	3rd Battalion 5th Marines (3/5) is an infantry battalion in the United States Marine Corps.	3rd Battalion 5th Marines	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Levi Twiggs (21 May 1793 - 13 September 1847) was an officer in the United States Marine Corps during the War of 1812, the Seminole Wars and the Mexican-American War.	Levi Twiggs	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Elwood Richard Quesada, CB, CBE (April 13, 1904 -- February 9, 1993), nicknamed ``Pete'', was a United States Air Force Lt. General, FAA administrator, and, later, a club owner in Major League Baseball.	Elwood Richard Quesada	United States Air Force
military branch	John Wilson Ruckman (October 10, 1858 -- June 6, 1921) was a general in the United States Army.	John Wilson Ruckman	United States Army
military branch	General Peregrine Lascelles (1685 -- 26 March 1772) was an officer of the British Army.	Peregrine Lascelles	British Army
military branch	General Sir Charles Ash Windham (10 October 1810 - 2 February 1870) was a British Army officer and Conservative Party politician.	Charles Ash Windham	British Army
military branch	Admiral Charles Henry Adair (2 July 1851 -- 9 March 1920) was a Royal Navy officer in mid-late 19th century and the early 20th century.	Charles Henry Adair	Royal Navy
military branch	Vice-Admiral Sir Stephen Hope Carlill, KBE, CB, DSO (23 December 1902 -- 9 February 1996) was a Royal Navy admiral who served as the last British Chief of Naval Staff of the Indian Navy from 1955 to 1958, when he was succeeded by Vice-Admiral Ram Dass Katari.	Stephen Hope Carlill	Royal Navy
military branch	Major-General Sir Stanley Brenton von Donop KCB KCMG (1860--1941) was a British Army officer who became Master-General of the Ordnance.	Stanley Brenton von Donop	British Army
military branch	The 1st Spahi Regiment (French: 1er régiment de spahis) is an armored regiment of the modern French Army, previously called the 1st Moroccan Spahi Regiment (1er régiment de spahis marocains).	1st Spahi Regiment	French Army
military branch	The Light Dragoons (LD) is a cavalry regiment in the British Army.	Light Dragoons	British Army
military branch	The King's Regiment, officially abbreviated as KINGS, was an infantry regiment of the British Army, part of the King's Division.	King's Regiment	British Army
military branch	Commodore Lawrence Kearny (30 November 1789 -- 29 November 1868) was an officer in the United States Navy during the early nineteenth century.	Lawrence Kearny	United States Navy
military branch	Abram Duryée (/dʊərˈjeɪ/; April 29, 1815 -- September 27, 1890) was a Union Army general during the American Civil War, the commander of one of the most famous Zouave regiments, the 5th New York Volunteer Infantry.	Abram Duryée	Union Army
military branch	Vice Admiral Abbas Raza joined Pakistan Navy in June 1973.	Abbas Raza	Pakistan Navy
military branch	Harry Humphries (born November 17, 1940) is a former United States Navy SEAL who currently works as a consultant and actor on Hollywood films.	Harry Humphries	United States Navy
military branch	Robert T. Moeller, was a United States Navy vice admiral who last served in active duty as the first Deputy to the Commander for Military Operations, U.S. Africa Command until his departure in April 2010.	Robert T. Moeller	United States Navy
military branch	Christopher F. Burne is a United States Air Force Lieutenant General and current Judge Advocates General of the Air Force.	Christopher F. Burne	United States Air Force
military branch	Vinzent Porombka (2 January 1910 -- 28 November 1975) was a German Communist political activist who became a party official, a member of the International Brigades in the Spanish Civil War, and an active participant in resistance to Naziism.	Vinzent Porombka	International Brigades
military branch	Admiral Henry Richard Glynn (2 September 1768 -- 20 July 1856) was a British Royal Navy Admiral.	Henry Richard Glynn	Royal Navy
military branch	James H. Hobby (27 April 1835 -- 17 November 1882) was a non-commissioned officer in the United States Navy.	James H. Hobby	United States Navy
military branch	Three generations of the Gearing family served in the United States Navy.	Gearing family	United States Navy
military branch	Bruce DeMars is a retired United States Navy four star admiral who served as Director, Naval Nuclear Propulsion from 1988 to 1996.	Bruce DeMars	United States Navy
military branch	Major General Joseph K. Spiers (born 1937) is a retired United States Air Force general.	Joseph K. Spiers	United States Air Force
military branch	The 46th (South Devonshire) Regiment of Foot was an infantry regiment of the British Army, created in 1741 and amalgamated into the Duke of Cornwall's Light Infantry in 1881.	46th (South Devonshire) Regiment of Foot	British Army
military branch	Air Chief Marshal Sir Harry Broadhurst GCB, KBE, DSO & Bar, DFC & Bar, AFC (28 October 1905 -- 29 August 1995), commonly known as Broady, was a senior Royal Air Force commander and flying ace of the Second World War.	Harry Broadhurst	Royal Air Force
military branch	The 70th (Surrey) Regiment of Foot was a regiment of the British Army formed in 1758 and united with the 31st (Huntingdonshire) Regiment of Foot in 1881 to form The East Surrey Regiment .	70th (Surrey) Regiment of Foot	British Army
military branch	The Scottish Division is a British Army Infantry command, training and administrative apparatus designated for all Scottish line infantry units.	Scottish Division	British Army
military branch	Brigadier-General Arthur Henry Seton Hart-Synnot CMG, DSO and Bar, FRGS (1870 - 1942) was a British Army general who saw service in Japan, Hong Kong, Burma, India, and the European War of 1914 to 1918.	Arthur Henry Seton Hart-Synnot	British Army
military branch	Timothy F. O'Keefe (1919--1984) is a former General in the United States Air Force and the former commander of various units over the years.	Timothy F. O'Keefe	United States Air Force
military branch	Thomas W. Hartmann is an American lawyer and officer in the United States Air Force Reserve.	Thomas W. Hartmann	United States Air Force
military branch	Rear Admiral Mariann Stratton (born 1945) was the Director of the United States Navy Nurse Corps from 1991 to 1994.	Mariann Stratton	United States Navy
military branch	The Queen's Own Yorkshire Yeomanry was a Yeomanry regiment of the British Army from 1956 to 1971.	Queen's Own Yorkshire Yeomanry	British Army
military branch	Jonas Plaskus or Jonas Pleškys (10 March 1935 in Giliogiris, Lithuania -- 14 April 1993) was a Soviet Navy submarine tender captain born in Lithuania.	Jonas Pleškys	Soviet Navy
military branch	Clark Henry Wells (September 22, 1822 -- January 28, 1888) was a career officer in the United States Navy.	Clark Henry Wells	United States Navy
military branch	Sir James John Fraser, 3rd Baronet of Leadclune (1789--5 June 1834) was a Lieutenant-Colonel in the British Army (1828).	James John Fraser	British Army
military branch	Colonel Frederick Courtenay Morgan (24 May 1834 -- 9 January 1909) was a British Army officer and Conservative politician.	Frederick Courtenay Morgan	British Army
military branch	Major General Orlando Llenza (born 1930) is the second Puerto Rican to reach the rank of Major General (two-star General) in the United States Air Force.	Orlando Llenza	United States Air Force
military branch	Albert Boyd (November 22, 1906 -- September 18, 1976) was a pioneering test pilot for the United States Air Force (USAF).	Albert Boyd	United States Air Force
military branch	Admiral Sir Edward Thornbrough, GCB (27 July 1754 -- 3 April 1834) was a senior, long-serving veteran officer of the British Royal Navy during the late eighteenth and early nineteenth century.	Edward Thornbrough	Royal Navy
military branch	John F. Albert was Deputy Chief of Chaplains of the United States Air Force.	John F. Albert	United States Air Force
military branch	Edmund Musgrave Barttelot (28 March 1859 -- 19 July 1888) was a British Army officer, who became notorious after his allegedly brutal and deranged behaviour during his disastrous command of the rear column left in the Congo during H. M. Stanley's Emin Pasha Relief Expedition.	Edmund Musgrave Barttelot	British Army
military branch	Vice-Admiral Alfred Carpenter VC (17 September 1881 -- 27 December 1955) was a Royal Navy officer who was selected by his fellow officers and men to receive the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Alfred Carpenter	Royal Navy
military branch	Major General Sir Cornelius Francis Clery KCB KCMG (13 February 1838 -- 25 June 1926) was a British Army officer who took part in the Anglo-Zulu War and later commanded the 2nd Division during the Second Boer War.	Francis Clery	British Army
military branch	The Scots Guards (SG), part of the Guards Division, is one of the Foot Guards regiments of the British Army.	Scots Guards	British Army
military branch	Captain John Alfred Moreton, CMG, DSO, Royal Navy was an officer of the Royal Navy active in the First World War.	John Alfred Moreton	Royal Navy
military branch	Michael Osborne Waddell MC (22 December 1922 - 22 May 2015) was a British Army officer of the 50th Royal Tank Regiment who won an immediate Military Cross for his actions during the invasion of Sicily in 1943 when he saved the lives of eleven men after his column was hit by enemy fire.	Michael Osborne Waddell	British Army
military branch	Sir James Wood, 2nd Baronet (died 1738) was a Scottish officer of the Dutch States Army and later the British Army.	Sir James Wood, 2nd Baronet	British Army
military branch	Brigadier-General Archibald Jack CB CMG CBE (1874--29 January 1939) was a New Zealand-born railway engineer and British Army officer.	Archibald Jack	British Army
military branch	Lance corporal Semesa Rokoduguni (born 28 August 1987) is a Fijian-born English rugby union player currently playing for English club Bath, and soldier in the British Army, having served in Afghanistan.	Semesa Rokoduguni	British Army
military branch	Yastur-ul-Haq Malik, NI(M), SBt, (born 20 March 1934) is a retired 4-Star naval officer and 11th Chief of Naval Staff (CNS) of Pakistan Navy from 10 November 1988 to 8 November 1991.	Yastur-ul-Haq Malik	Pakistan Navy
military branch	Petar Herceg Tonić (later anglicized as Peter Tomich; June 3, 1893 -- December 7, 1941) was a United States Navy sailor of Croatian descent who received the United States military's highest award, the Medal of Honor, for his actions in World War II.	Peter Tomich	United States Navy
military branch	Peter Conover Hains (July 6, 1840 -- November 7, 1921) was a major general in the United States Army, and a veteran of the American Civil War, Spanish--	Peter Conover Hains	United States Army
military branch	Walter Storp (2 February 1910 -- 9 August 1981) was a German World War II Luftwaffe bomber pilot and commander of various bomber wings.	Walter Storp	Luftwaffe
military branch	The 23rd Hussars was a cavalry regiment of the British Army raised in World War II in existence from 1940 to 1946.	23rd Hussars	British Army
military branch	Admiral of the Fleet James Gambier, 1st Baron Gambier GCB (13 October 1756 -- 19 April 1833) was a Royal Navy officer.	James Gambier, 1st Baron Gambier	Royal Navy
military branch	The 7th Infantry Brigade and Headquarters East is a formation in the British Army with a direct lineage to 7th Armoured Brigade and a history that stretches back to the Napoleonic Wars.	7th Infantry Brigade and Headquarters East	British Army
military branch	Wilfrid St Clair Tisdall MC (2 April 1921 - 20 January 2014) was a British Army soldier who won the Military Cross in Holland in 1944 while serving with the 8th King's Royal Irish Hussars.	Wilfrid St Clair Tisdall	British Army
military branch	The 129th Regiment of Foot was an infantry regiment of the British Army, created in 1794 and disbanded in 1796.	129th Regiment of Foot	British Army
military branch	The Queen's Own Highlanders (Seaforth and Camerons), officially abbreviated ``QO HLDRS,'' was an infantry regiment of the British Army, part of the Scottish Division.	Queen's Own Highlanders (Seaforth and Camerons)	British Army
military branch	William Rufus Shafter (October 16, 1835 -- November 12, 1906) was a Union Army officer during the American Civil War who received America's highest military decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions at the Battle of Fair Oaks.	William Rufus Shafter	Union Army
military branch	Francis Godolphin Bond (23 January 1765 -- 26 October 1839, Exeter) was a Rear-Admiral in the British Royal Navy.	Francis Godolphin Bond	Royal Navy
military branch	Admiral Sir Albert Percy Addison KBE, CB, CMG (8 November 1875 -- 13 November 1952) was a senior officer in the Royal Navy.	Percy Addison	Royal Navy
military branch	40 Commando RM is a battalion-sized formation of the British Royal Marines and subordinate unit within 3 Commando Brigade, the principal Commando formation, under the Operational Command of Commander in Chief Fleet.	40 Commando	Royal Marines
military branch	O Battery (The Rocket Troop) Royal Horse Artillery is the Headquarters Battery of the British Army's 1st Regiment Royal Horse Artillery.	O Battery (The Rocket Troop) Royal Horse Artillery	British Army
military branch	It also gave the unit the distinction of having the longest name of any unit in the British Army of the time and due to the platoon's continued connection to Princess Beatrice its members were nicknamed ``The Isle of Wight Rifles'' throughout the rest of 6/7PWRR.	Isle of Wight Rifles	British Army
military branch	The Combat Infantryman Badge (CIB) is a United States Army military award.	Combat Infantryman Badge	United States Army
military branch	Commander Oliver Young (11 July 1855 -- 9 October 1908) was an English Royal Navy officer and later a British politician.	Oliver Young	Royal Navy
military branch	Captain Evan Bruce-Gardyne, DSO, 13th Laird of Middleton, (21 April 1885 -- 24 July 1949) was an officer of the British Royal Navy.	Evan Bruce-Gardyne	Royal Navy
military branch	The Glasgow Highlanders was a former infantry regiment of the British Army, part of the Territorial Force, later renamed the Territorial Army.	Glasgow Highlanders	British Army
military branch	The 45th (Leeds Rifles) Royal Tank Regiment (45 RTR) was an armoured regiment of the British Army, part of the Territorial Army, that fought at the Battle of Alamein during World War II and continued to serve during the 1950s.	45th (Leeds Rifles) Royal Tank Regiment	British Army
mouth of the watercourse	Schoharie Creek in New York, USA flows north 93 miles (150 km) from the foot of Indian Head Mountain in the Catskill Mountains through the Schoharie Valley to the Mohawk River.	Schoharie Creek	Mohawk River
mouth of the watercourse	The Semois (Simwès in Walloon, often under elided form Smwès; Semoy, Sesbach in German, Setzbaach in Luxemburgish of Arlon; and known as the Semoy in France) is a river flowing from the Ardennes uplands of Belgium and France towards the River Meuse, of which it is a right tributary.	Semois	Meuse
mouth of the watercourse	The Osum is a river in southern Albania, one of the source rivers of the Seman.	Osum	Seman
mouth of the watercourse	Zarima River is a tributary of the Tekezé River.	Zarima River	Tekezé River
mouth of the watercourse	The Palmer River flows west across the Cape York Peninsula towards the Gulf of Carpentaria joined by 29 tributaries including the South Palmer River, Little Palmer River and North Palmer River, before reaching its confluence with the Mitchell River northeast of Staaten River National Park.	Palmer River	Mitchell River
mouth of the watercourse	Wanchet River is a river of central Ethiopia, and a tributary of the Jamma River.	Wanchet River	Jamma River
mouth of the watercourse	It flows through or past several towns and villages including Rhayader, Builth Wells, Hay-on-Wye, Hereford (the only city on the River Wye), Ross-on-Wye, Symonds Yat, Monmouth and Tintern, meeting the Severn estuary just below Chepstow.	River Wye	Severn
mouth of the watercourse	By flowing from Panguipulli Lake to Riñihue Lake Enco River carries the water of the six upper lakes of the Seven Lakes area into Riñihue, the last lake in the chain.	Enco River	Riñihue Lake
mouth of the watercourse	Ilim River (Russian: Илим) is a river in Irkutsk Oblast in Russia, a right tributary of the Angara River.	Ilim River	Angara River
mouth of the watercourse	The Sazliyka (Bulgarian: Сазлийка, pronounced (səzˈliːkə); also transliterated Sazlijka or Sazliika) is a river in southeastern Bulgaria, a left tributary of the Maritsa.	Sazliyka	Maritsa
mouth of the watercourse	The Niagara River (/naɪˈæɡrə/ ny-AG-ra) is a river that flows north from Lake Erie to Lake Ontario.	Niagara River	Lake Ontario
mouth of the watercourse	Moma River (Russian: Мома) is a river in Yakutia in Russia, a right tributary of the Indigirka River.	Moma River	Indigirka River
mouth of the watercourse	The Rich River rises below Mount Jack within the Errinundra National Park, and flows generally southwest, before reaching its confluence with the Brodribb River, in remote a state forestry area east of the Bonang Highway in the Shire of East Gippsland.	Rich River	Brodribb River
mouth of the watercourse	Tarpenbek is a creek running from Norderstedt through parts of Hamburg before joining the Alster in Eppendorf.	Tarpenbek	Alster
mouth of the watercourse	The Moonee Ponds Creek is a creek and major tributary of the Yarra River running through urban Melbourne, Victoria, Australia from northern to inner suburbs.	Moonee Ponds Creek	Yarra River
mouth of the watercourse	Lefini River is a river of the Republic of Congo and a tributary of the Congo River.	Lefini River	Congo River
mouth of the watercourse	Black Hole Creek is a tributary of the West Branch Susquehanna River near Montgomery, in Lycoming County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Black Hole Creek	West Branch Susquehanna River
mouth of the watercourse	Garzas Creek, originally Arroyo de las Garzas (Creek of the Herons), is a tributary of the San Joaquin River draining the eastern slopes of part of the Diablo Range within the San Joaquin Valley of California.	Garzas Creek	San Joaquin River
mouth of the watercourse	Cidlina (Czech pronunciation: (ˈtsɪdlɪna)) is a river in the Czech Republic, draining south from its source in Tábor hill near Lomnice nad Popelkou through Jičín, Nový Bydžov and Chlumec nad Cidlinou, merging with the Elbe (Labe) at Libice nad Cidlinou.	Cidlina	Elbe
mouth of the watercourse	The Bahr el Zeraf (also spelled Bahr az-Zaraf, Bahr ez Zeraf, and Baḩr az Zarāf) is an arm of the White Nile in the Sudd region of South Sudan.	Bahr el Zeraf	White Nile
mouth of the watercourse	Amgun River (Russian: Амгу́нь) is a river in Khabarovsk Krai, Russia that flows northeast and joins the Amur River from the left near its mouth.	Amgun River	Amur
mouth of the watercourse	The Oude Maasje (``Little Old Meuse'') is a former distributary of the river Maas (or Meuse), which runs parallel to the current canalised Bergse Maas.	Oude Maasje	Bergse Maas
mouth of the watercourse	The Slizza (Italian) or Gailitz (German; Friulian: Slize, Slovene: Ziljica) is an Alpine torrent in Italy and Austria, a right tributary of the Gail river.	Slizza	Gail
mouth of the watercourse	The Ulanga River, also known as the Kilombero River, is a river that starts in the southwest of Tanzania on the eastern slope of the East African Rift that flows northeast into the Rufiji River then to the Indian Ocean.	Ulanga River	Rufiji River
mouth of the watercourse	Immediately after passing through a tunnel under the Naviglio Grande, the Olona flows into the Lambro Meridionale, that carries its waters in the Lambro.	Olona	Lambro Meridionale
mouth of the watercourse	Gersprenz is a river that starts in the Odenwald, Hessen and flows into the Main River near Aschaffenburg, Bavaria, Germany.	Gersprenz	Main
mouth of the watercourse	The Wapsipinicon River (locally known as the Wapsi) is a tributary of the Mississippi River, approximately 300 miles (480 km) long, in northeastern Iowa in the United States.	Wapsipinicon River	Mississippi River
mouth of the watercourse	The Tati River is a river in northeast Botswana, a tributary of the Shashe River, which in turn is a tributary of the Limpopo River.	Tati River	Shashe River
mouth of the watercourse	The Ket River (Russian: Кеть), also known in its upper reaches as the Big Ket River (Russian: Большая Кеть) is a west-flowing river in the Krasnoyarsk Krai and Tomsk Oblast in Russia, a right tributary of the Ob River.	Ket River	Ob
mouth of the watercourse	The Bolshoy Ik River (Russian: Большой Ик, literally Greater Ik; Bashkir: Оло Ыйыҡ, Olo Iyıq) is a tributary of the Sakmara River, which flows south from the southern end of the Ural Mountains in Bashkortostan and Orenburg Oblast, Russia.	Bolshoy Ik River	Sakmara River
mouth of the watercourse	It flows through Montier-en-Der and Puellemontier, and empties into the Aube River at Chalette-sur-Voire, in the Aube department.	Voire	Aube
mouth of the watercourse	The Vaal River (pronounced /ˈfɑːl/ and alternatively /ˈvɑːl/, especially by English speakers) is the largest tributary of the Orange River in South Africa.	Vaal River	Orange River
mouth of the watercourse	The Kurubrang River is a river of Guyana, a tributary of the Potaro River.	Kurubrang River	Potaro River
mouth of the watercourse	The Narym River is a river in the Eastern Kazakhstan, a tributary of the Irtysh River, originating at the junction of the ridges Narym and Sarymsakty of wetland formed by the mountain runoff streams.	Narym River	Irtysh River
mouth of the watercourse	The Noska is a river in Tyumen Oblast, Russia, a tributary of the Irtysh River.	Noska	Irtysh River
mouth of the watercourse	The Isenach is a left tributary of the Rhine in the northeastern Palatine region of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Isenach	Rhine
mouth of the watercourse	Mtshelele River is a tributary river of the Thuli River in Zimbabwe.	Mtshelele River	Thuli River
mouth of the watercourse	The Brague takes its source near Châteauneuf-Grasse and ends in the Mediterranean Sea near Antibes.	Brague	Mediterranean Sea
mouth of the watercourse	The Genesee River is a tributary of Lake Ontario flowing northward through the Twin Tiers of Pennsylvania and New York in the United States.	Genesee River	Lake Ontario
mouth of the watercourse	The Aare (German pronunciation: (ˈaːrə)) or Aar is a tributary of the High Rhine and the longest river that both rises and ends entirely within Switzerland.	Aare	Rhine
mouth of the watercourse	The Tardoire is a river in southwestern France, left tributary to the river Bonnieure.	Tardoire	Bonnieure
mouth of the watercourse	The Tonalli River rises on the eastern alopes of Mount Marrup within the Tonalli Range in remote country within the Greater Blue Mountains Area World Heritage Site, and flows generally east southeast, east northeast, and then east southeast, before reaching its confluence with the Wollondilly River within Lake Burragorang in Yerranderie State Conservation Area.	Tonalli River	Lake Burragorang
mouth of the watercourse	The Imja Khola (Nepali: इम्जा खोला) is a tributary of the Dudh Kosi in Nepal.	Imja Khola	Dudh Kosi
mouth of the watercourse	The Mulungushi River in central Zambia is a tributary of the Lunsemfwa River and the Luangwa River, and a part of the Zambezi River basin.	Mulungushi River	Lunsemfwa River
occupation	Patryck de Froidmont is a Belgian comics writer and artist.	Patryck de Froidmont	artist
occupation	Publius Mummius Sisenna was a Roman politician who was consul ordinarius in 133, and governor of Roman Britain shortly afterwards.	Publius Mummius Sisenna	politician
occupation	Leslie H. Southwick (born February 10, 1950) is a federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit and a former judge of the Mississippi Court of Appeals.	Leslie H. Southwick	judge
occupation	Patty Costello (May 8, 1947 -- April 16, 2009) was an American left-handed professional ten-pin bowler.	Patty Costello	bowler
occupation	Edmund Port (February 6, 1906 Syracuse, New York - March 2, 1986) was a federal judge for the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of New York.	Edmund Port	judge
occupation	Gary Fong (born December 6, 1960) is an American entrepreneur, author, and former wedding photographer.	Gary Fong	photographer
occupation	Metin Serezli (January 12, 1934 - March 10, 2013) was an eminent Turkish stage, movie, TV series and voice actor as well as theatre director.	Metin Serezli	actor
occupation	Clarence Garlow (February 27, 1911 -- July 24, 1986) was an American R&B, jump blues, Texas blues and cajun guitarist, singer and songwriter.	Clarence Garlow	singer
occupation	Rodrigo Arenas Betancourt (October 23, 1919 in Fredonia, Antioquia - May 14, 1995) was a Colombian sculptor.	Rodrigo Arenas Betancourt	sculptor
occupation	Ariko Inaoka (or simply Ariko) is a Japanese photographer.	Ariko Inaoka	photographer
occupation	Antonio Neumane (1818--1871) was a composer, pianist, and orchestra director.	Antonio Neumane	composer
occupation	Rajendra Gupta is an Indian film, television and theatre actor and director who is best known for his television roles of Pandit Jagarnath in the 1990s Doordarshan fantasy television series Chandrakanta and Sudha's father --	Rajendra Gupta	actor
occupation	Scott Kosar is a screenwriter whose films include The Machinist, the 2003 remake of the classic horror film The Texas Chain Saw Massacre, and the 2005 remake of The Amityville Horror.	Scott Kosar	screenwriter
occupation	Cecilia Eudave (Guadalajara, April 11, 1968) is a Mexican writer, researcher, and university professor.	Cecilia Eudave	writer
occupation	Jacob Henry Miller was a lawyer from the U.S. State of Ohio who served as President of the Ohio State Senate.	Jacob Henry Miller	lawyer
occupation	Tony Alva (born September 2, 1957) is an American skateboarder, most prominently known as one of the original members of the Z-Boys skateboarding team.	Tony Alva	skateboarder
occupation	Floyd D. Rose is an American musician and engineer who invented the Floyd Rose Locking Tremolo System in the late 1970s, eventually founding a company of the same name to manufacture and license his products.	Floyd D. Rose	engineer
occupation	Peter Symonds (c. 1528--1586/7) was a wealthy English merchant and benefactor, most notable for founding a number of almshouses for charitable endeavors in Southeast England.	Peter Symonds	merchant
occupation	Benjamin Levin (born March 8, 1988), professionally known as Benny Blanco, is an American rapper, musician, songwriter and record producer.	Benny Blanco	songwriter
occupation	Frederick Munroe Bourne (June 26, 1910 -- July 11, 1992) was a Canadian swimmer who competed at the 1928, 1932 and 1936 Olympics in the 100-metre freestyle, 100-metre backstroke and 4×200-metre freestyle relay events and won a bronze medal in the relay in 1928.	Munroe Bourne	swimmer
occupation	Charlotte Permell (born July 8, 1963) is a Swedish journalist and TV-reporter, formerly hostess of the nature shows Mitt i naturen and Mitt i naturen - Film on SVT.	Charlotte Permell	journalist
occupation	Tom Fiebiger is a North Dakota Democratic-NPL Party politician who served as a member of the North Dakota Senate from District 45 from 2006 to 2010.	Tom Fiebiger	politician
occupation	Taylor Drysdale (January 14, 1914 -- February 9, 1997) was an American competition swimmer and swimming coach.	Taylor Drysdale	swimmer
occupation	Joyce Jillson (December 26, 1945 -- October 1, 2004) was a syndicated newspaper columnist, best-selling author, actress, and astrologer, whose column was syndicated worldwide in more than 200 papers and magazines.	Joyce Jillson	astrologer
occupation	Dan Steele (born March 20, 1969) is an American bobsledder and track and field athlete who competed from the early 1990s to 2002.	Dan Steele	bobsledder
occupation	Kyaw Zin (born 28 November 1986) in Naypyidaw, Burma is a Myanma swimmer.	Kyaw Zin	swimmer
occupation	Percy Faith (April 7, 1908 -- February 9, 1976) was a Canadian bandleader, orchestrator, composer and conductor, known for his lush arrangements of pop and Christmas standards.	Percy Faith	composer	conductor
occupation	Margus Hernits, also credited as Margus Kulkov (born October 2, 1976) is an Estonian former competitive figure skater.	Margus Hernits	figure skater
occupation	Girija Oak is the daughter of Marathi actor Girish Oak.	Girija Oak	actor
occupation	Peter Koo (born January 12, 1952) is an American politician, the Council member for the 20th District of the New York City Council.	Peter Koo	politician
occupation	Douglas Horne is a Canadian politician, who was elected as a BC Liberal Member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia in the 2009 provincial election, representing the riding of Coquitlam-Burke Mountain.	Douglas Horne	politician
occupation	Suzan Frecon is an abstract painter who works with line and geometric shape using fluid, monochrome washes.	Suzan Frecon	painter
occupation	Virginia Karns (May 30, 1907 -- June 21, 1990) was a singer and character actor at the Hal Roach Studios in the early 1930s.	Virginia Karns	actor
occupation	Jean M. Redmann (born June 9, 1955 in Mississippi, US) is an American novelist best known for her mystery series featuring New Orleans private investigator Micky Knight.	Jean M. Redmann	novelist
occupation	Elbert Frank Cox (December 5, 1895--November 28, 1969) was an American mathematician who became the first black person in the world to receive a Ph.D. in mathematics.	Elbert Frank Cox	mathematician
occupation	Marissa Irwin is an American model best known for her appearances on the cover of Bridal Guide and in Seventeen Magazine.	Marissa Irwin	model
occupation	William Gilmore Simms (April 17, 1806 -- June 11, 1870) was a poet, novelist and historian from the American South.	William Gilmore Simms	novelist
occupation	Henri Hayden, born Henryk Hayden (December 24, 1883 -- May 12, 1970), was a Polish-Jewish painter.	Henri Hayden	painter
occupation	Daisy Martey is a singer, songwriter, playwright and screenwriter.	Daisy Martey	singer
occupation	Paul Morrish is an Australian rules footballer who played for Richmond, Essendon and Fitzroy.	Paul Morrish	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Harold Becker (born September 25, 1928) is an American film director and producer from New York.	Harold Becker	film director
occupation	Shiv Kumar Subramaniam is an Indian actor and screenwriter who is known for his role as the leading industrial tycoon I. M. Virani in the Indian television serial Mukti Bandhan on the Colors channel.	Shiv Kumar Subramaniam	actor
occupation	Vera T. Sós (born September 11, 1930) is a Hungarian mathematician, specializing in number theory and combinatorics.	Vera T. Sós	mathematician
occupation	Joseph S. B. Mitchell is an American computer scientist and mathematician.	Joseph S. B. Mitchell	computer scientist	mathematician
occupation	Olivier Dion (born August 10, 1991) is a Canadian singer, who specializes in pop.	Olivier Dion	singer
occupation	David Lovgren is a Canadian actor born November 4, 1969, in Vancouver, British Columbia.	David Lovgren	actor
occupation	Shahram Jazayeri (Persian: شهرام جزایری عرب‎‎) is an Iranian entrepreneur and businessman involved in a high-profile corruption case with several officials of the Islamic republic.	Shahram Jazayeri	entrepreneur
occupation	Jimmy Crowley is an Irish folk musician and song collector.	Jimmy Crowley	musician
occupation	Phoolan Prasad (born January 1, 1944) is an Indian mathematician who specialised in Partial differential equations, fluid mechanics.	Phoolan Prasad	mathematician
occupation	Subroto Das is a former Indian cricketer and an umpire.	Subroto Das	cricketer
occupation	John Kronmiller (December 6, 1858 -- June 19, 1928) was an American politician and Congressman from Maryland.	John Kronmiller	politician
occupation	J. D. Wright (first name and details of birth and death unknown) was an English cricketer with possibly amateur status who was active in 1831.	J. D. Wright	cricketer
occupation	Pete Jolly (June 5, 1932 -- November 6, 2004) was an American West Coast jazz pianist and accordionist.	Pete Jolly	pianist
occupation	Ken Hechtman (born c. 1968) is a freelance journalist from Canada who achieved brief international prominence in late 2001.	Ken Hechtman	journalist
occupation	Mahmoud Mohamed Mahmoud Abo El-Nasr (born 1953) is an Egyptian engineering professor and politician.	Mahmoud Abo El-Nasr	politician
occupation	Abraham Robinson (born Robinsohn; October 6, 1918 -- April 11, 1974) was a mathematician who is most widely known for development of non-standard analysis, a mathematically rigorous system whereby infinitesimal and infinite numbers were reincorporated into modern mathematics.	Abraham Robinson	mathematician
occupation	Francisco Arriví (June 24, 1915 -- February 8, 2007), a.k.a. Paco, was a writer, poet and playwright known as ``The Father of the Puerto Rican Theater.''	Francisco Arriví	poet
occupation	Ollie Silva (died August 15, 2004) was an American Modified and Supermodified auto racing driver.	Ollie Silva	racing driver
occupation	James Murdoch Austin (May 25, 1915 -- November 26, 2000) was a New Zealand American meteorologist.	James Murdoch Austin	meteorologist
occupation	Wolfgang Sauseng (born Graz, July 6 1956) is an Austrian composer, conductor and organist.	Wolfgang Sauseng	composer	conductor
occupation	Amanda Filipacchi (/fɪlɪˈpɑːkɪ/; born October 10, 1967) is an American novelist.	Amanda Filipacchi	novelist
occupation	Jon Klassen (born November 29, 1981) is a Canadian writer and illustrator of children's books and an animator.	Jon Klassen	writer	illustrator
occupation	Howard Greer (16 April 1896 -- April 1974 in Los Angeles) was a Hollywood fashion designer and a costume designer in the Golden Age of American cinema.	Howard Greer	fashion designer
occupation	Ceil Chapman (1912 -- July 13, 1979) was an American fashion designer who worked in New York City from the 1940s to the 1960s.	Ceil Chapman	fashion designer
occupation	Byron Vazakas (September 24, 1905, New York City - September 30, 1987, Reading, Pennsylvania) was an American poet, whose career extended from the modernist era well into the postmodernist period; nominee for the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry, 1947.	Byron Vazakas	poet
occupation	Nicholas Toms Carrington (also Noel Thomas) (1777--1830) was an English schoolmaster and poet.	Nicholas Toms Carrington	schoolmaster	poet
occupation	Gerald Bruce Lee (born 1952) is a judge on the United States District Court in the Eastern District of Virginia, commonly referred to as the ``Rocket Docket''.	Gerald Bruce Lee	judge
occupation	Sofi Mkheyan (Սոֆի Մխեյան, born c. 1984) is an Armenian singer and the winner of Best Newcomer award at the Armenian National Music Awards in Yerevan in 2005.	Sofi Mkheyan	singer
occupation	Albert-László Barabási (born March 30, 1967) is a Romanian-born Hungarian-American physicist, best known for his work in the research of network theory.	Albert-László Barabási	physicist
occupation	Rochelle Feinstein is an American artist/painter based in New York City.	Rochelle Feinstein	painter
occupation	Raashid Alvi ( pronunciation ), is an Indian politician who served as a member of the Indian Parliament from both the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha.	Raashid Alvi	politician
occupation	M. P. Abdussamad Samadani, is scholar, orator, academician, Indian politician and a two-time member of Rajya Sabha, the upper House of Indian Parliament and now he is a Member of Legislative Assembly (MLA) of Kerala from Kottakkal Assembly Constituency.	M. P. Abdussamad Samadani	politician
occupation	Pearl Eaton Levant (August 1, 1898 -- September 10, 1958) was an American Broadway performer, choreographer, and dance supervisor of the 1910s and 1920s.	Pearl Eaton	choreographer
occupation	Henry Blake Fuller (January 9, 1857 -- July 28, 1929) was a United States novelist and short story writer, born in Chicago, Illinois.	Henry Blake Fuller	novelist
occupation	The Ilioupersis Painter was an Apulian vase painter.	Ilioupersis Painter	painter
occupation	Ludwig Schwabe (June 24, 1835 -- February 20, 1908) was a German classical philologist and professor of classical archaeology born in Giessen.	Ludwig Schwabe	classical philologist
occupation	Henry Burchard Fine (September 14, 1858 -- December 22, 1928) was an American university dean and mathematician.	Henry Burchard Fine	mathematician
occupation	Nadia Fezzani is a Canadian journalist/author who has conducted extensive research about and interviews with many notorious American serial killers.	Nadia Fezzani	journalist
occupation	Jer Master was an Indian pediatrician who left medicine to pursue the study of Christian Science.	Jer Master	pediatrician
occupation	Arthur J. Plowman (October 28, 1872 -- September 28, 1942) was an American politician, farmer, and businessman.	Arthur J. Plowman	politician
occupation	Avinash Mukherjee is an Indian actor known for the role of ``Jagya'' in the Colors TV serial Balika Vadhu.	Avinash Mukherjee	actor
occupation	Steven Dickey is a sculptor in Tampa, Florida.	Steven Dickey	sculptor
occupation	Simple Kapadia made her acting debut in 1977 at the age of 18 in the role of Sumitha Mathur in the film Anurodh, with her brother-in-law, actor Rajesh Khanna.	Simple Kapadia	actor
occupation	Aleksandr Shilin (Russian: Александр Шилин; born February 2, 1976) is a Kyrgyz former swimmer of Russian heritage, who specialized in middle-distance freestyle and sprint backstroke events.	Aleksandr Shilin	swimmer
occupation	Alexander Hay Japp (1837--1905) was a Scottish author, journalist and publisher.	Alexander Hay Japp	journalist	publisher
occupation	Walter Benz (born May 2, 1931) is a German mathematician, an expert in geometry.	Walter Benz	mathematician
occupation	John R. Bradley (Born June 6, 1970) is a British author and journalist who has written on Middle East issues for numerous publications, including The Economist, The Forward, Newsweek, The New Republic, The Daily Telegraph, Prospect and The Independent.	John R. Bradley	journalist
occupation	General Rodolfo Stange Oelckers (born September 30, 1925) is a Chilean politician and former senator.	Rodolfo Stange	politician
occupation	James Rood Doolittle (January 3, 1815 -- July 27, 1897) was an American politician who served as a senator from the state of Wisconsin from March 4, 1857, to March 4, 1869.	James Rood Doolittle	politician
occupation	Father Jean Jacques Corbeil was a French Canadian Roman Catholic missionary who collected and documented musical instruments of Zambia's Bemba people during the middle of the twentieth century.	Jean Jacques Corbeil	missionary
occupation	Miklos Perlus (born March 23, 1977) is a Canadian actor, voice actor, and screenwriter.	Miklos Perlus	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Gnana Rajasekaran (born January 23, 1953) is an Indian filmmaker, screenwriter, playwright and Retired IAS Officer.	Gnana Rajasekaran	screenwriter	playwright
occupation	Leah Shore is a Brooklyn, NY based artist, animator, and film director best known for her short films: 2010 Sundance Film Festival selection Meatwaffle, 2011 and 2013 SXSW selections BOOBatary and Old Man, and 2014 Slamdance Film Festival selection I Love You So Much.	Leah Shore	film director
occupation	Krishna Chandra Panigrahi (1 December 1909 -- 25 February 1987), often referred to as K.C. Panigrahi, was a notable Indian historian, archaeologist and literary expert from Odisha.	Krishna Chandra Panigrahi	historian	archaeologist
occupation	Christian Boeving (born June 5, 1969) is an American actor, writer, producer, fitness model, personal trainer, and former bodybuilding supplement spokesperson.	Christian Boeving	actor
occupation	Thomas Griffin Dunne (born June 8, 1955), known professionally as Griffin Dunne, is an American actor, film producer and film director.	Griffin Dunne	actor	film producer	film director
occupation	Kathie Sullivan (born May 31, 1953) is an American-born singer who appeared on television's The Lawrence Welk Show from 1976 to 1982.	Kathie Sullivan	singer
occupation	Jacopo Celega (d. before 30 March 1386) was a fourteenth-century Italian architect.	Jacopo Celega	architect
occupation	Governor Clay (born Karl Caulkins Bruder) is an American songwriter and performer.	Governor Clay	songwriter
occupation	J. Robert Howie, PC (born October 2, 1929 in Fredericton, New Brunswick) is a former Canadian politician.	Robert Howie	politician
occupation	Najaf Daryabandari (23 August 1929) is an Iranian writer and translator of works from English into Persian.	Najaf Daryabandari	writer	translator
occupation	Jenna Grattan (born October 26, 1987) is a Canadian former professional wrestler better known by her ring name Portia Perez.	Portia Perez	professional wrestler
occupation	Alwan al Showaya (Arabic: علوان الشویع) was a singer from al-Ahwaz, and the inventor of the Arabic singing style ``ʿAlwānī'', a term taken from his name.	Alwan al Showaya	singer
occupation	Carsten Woll was a leading Norwegian-American singer and recording artist of the 1910s and 1920s.	Carsten Woll	singer
occupation	William Gualbert Saunders, known as W Gualbert Saunders, was an English designer of stained glass and founder of the stained glass manufacturers Saunders & Co. He established his manufactury at Endell Street, Covent Garden, in 1859 and subsequently worked with many of the foremost English stained glass designers.	William Gualbert Saunders	designer
occupation	Thaddeus M. Buczko (born February 23, 1926) is an American politician who served as a Salem, Massachusetts city councilor, a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives and as Massachusetts Auditor.	Thaddeus M. Buczko	politician
occupation	Louis Rossetto (born 1949) is an Italian-American journalist and ``radical libertarian.''	Louis Rossetto	journalist
occupation	Leon Perera is a Singaporean politician an is a member of the Workers' Party.	Leon Perera	politician
occupation	Angelina Pivarnick (born June 26, 1986) is an American former television personality, model, professional wrestler and singer who is best known for starring in the first two seasons of the MTV's reality show Jersey Shore and the VH1 show Couples Therapy.	Angelina Pivarnick	singer
occupation	Bobby McKee MBE is a Unionist politician in Larne, Northern Ireland and former member of the Ulster Volunteer Force.	Bobby McKee	politician
occupation	Robert John Cornell, O Praem (December 16, 1919 -- May 10, 2009) was a Roman Catholic priest and American politician who served as a member of the United States House of Representatives from Wisconsin from 1975 to 1979.	Robert John Cornell	Catholic priest	politician
occupation	Ion Agârbiceanu (September 12, 1882 -- May 28, 1963) was an Austro-Hungarian-born Romanian writer, journalist, politician, theologian and Greek-Catholic priest.	Ion Agârbiceanu	writer	journalist
occupation	Genie Pace was an American jazz and pop singer of the late 1950s and early 1960s.	Genie Pace	singer
occupation	Vered Tochterman (Hebrew: ורד טוכטרמן‎; born October 24, 1970) is an Israeli author, translator and editor of science fiction and fantasy.	Vered Tochterman	translator
occupation	Evan Anthony Hyde (better known as Evan X Hyde) (born April 30, 1947) is a Belizean writer, journalist, media executive and former politician.	Evan X Hyde	journalist
occupation	Charles C. Mann (born 1955) is an American journalist and author, specializing in scientific topics.	Charles C. Mann	journalist
occupation	Anandaraj (born 12 October; Tamil: ஆனந்தராஜ்) is an Indian Tamil film actor, who has enacted villain roles in several Tamil films.	Anandaraj	actor
occupation	John Giblin is a British, and internationally renowned double bassist and bass guitarist, noted for his versatility spanning jazz, classical, rock, folk and avant-garde music.	John Giblin	bassist	guitarist
occupation	Endel Tulving (born May 26, 1927) is an Estonian Canadian experimental psychologist and cognitive neuroscientist whose research on human memory has influenced psychological scientists, neuroscientists, and clinicians.	Endel Tulving	psychologist	neuroscientist
occupation	Jerzy Nowak (June 20, 1923 -- March 26, 2013) was a Polish film and theatre actor and teacher.	Jerzy Nowak	actor	teacher
occupation	Dean Roemmich is a contemporary American physical oceanographer.	Dean Roemmich	oceanographer
occupation	Jay Lacopo is an American film actor and screenwriter.	Jay Lacopo	screenwriter
occupation	Raymond Loewy (pronounced /ˈloʊiː/ LOH-ee, November 5, 1893 -- July 14, 1986) was a French-born American industrial designer who achieved fame for the magnitude of his design efforts across a variety of industries.	Raymond Loewy	designer
occupation	Linda Schreiber is an American television soap opera writer.	Linda Schreiber	writer
occupation	On October 17, 1540, Francis ordered the navigator Jacques Cartier to return to Canada to lend weight to a colonization project of which he would be ``captain general''.	Jacques Cartier	navigator
occupation	Dely Atay-Atayan, also Adelaida Fernando, (March 17, 1914 -- August 30, 2004), born Adelaida Marquez Fernando-Villegas, was a Filipina comedian and singer.	Dely Atay-Atayan	singer
occupation	Estella B. Diggs (April 21, 1916 -- April 18, 2013) was an American businesswoman, writer and politician from New York.	Estella B. Diggs	politician
occupation	James Bergstrom is an American musician best known as the drummer for the band Second Coming.	James Bergstrom	musician
occupation	Fernando Garibay or simply Garibay (pronounced: (feɾˈnando ɣaɾiˈβaj)) is an American music producer, DJ and songwriter who has worked with artists including U2, Kylie Minogue, Britney Spears, Shakira, Enrique Iglesias and Lady Gaga.	Fernando Garibay	songwriter
occupation	Carol H. Beck (1859, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania - October 14, 1908, Philadelphia) was an American historical painter, critic and writer.	Carol H. Beck	painter
occupation	Marshall Goodman (born January 31, 1971), known professionally as Ras MG (also known as MG, Field Marshall, Field, or Fields) is an American drummer, songwriter and producer.	Marshall Goodman	songwriter
occupation	Biju Narayanan (Malayalam: ബിജു നാരായണൻ) is an Indian playback singer active mainly in Malayalam films.	Biju Narayanan	singer
occupation	Wallace Seawell (September 16, 1916 -- May 29, 2007) was an American photographer best known for his portraits of Hollywood stars such as Bette Davis, Audrey Hepburn and George Burns.	Wallace Seawell	photographer
occupation	A'eau Peniamina is a matai and politician in Samoa.	A'eau Peniamina	politician
occupation	Nethanel ben Isaiah (14th century) was a Yemenite Jewish rabbi, Biblical commentator and poet of the fourteenth century.	Nethanel ben Isaiah	rabbi
occupation	Almas Kishkenbayev (Kaz: Алмас Кiшкенбаев) (born June 1, 1985 in Qyzylorda, Kazakh SSR, Soviet Union) is a singer who rose to popularity after winning SuperStar KZ, the Kazakh version of Pop Idol, shown by Perviy Kanal Evraziya.	Almas Kishkenbayev	singer
occupation	Timothy Darvill is an English archaeologist and author, best known for his publications on prehistoric Britain and his excavations in England, Wales, and the Isle of Man.	Timothy Darvill	archaeologist
occupation	Carson Grant is an American actor and artist.	Carson Grant	actor
occupation	Mark Shanahan is an Irish conductor and conducting teacher.	Mark Shanahan	conductor
occupation	Hiram B. Warner (October 29, 1802 -- June 30, 1881) was an American politician, lawyer, educator and jurist from Georgia.	Hiram B. Warner	politician	lawyer
occupation	Lewis Victor Heilbrunn (January 24, 1892 -- October 1959) was an influential American biologist.	Lewis Victor Heilbrunn	biologist
occupation	Klaus Kofler (born December 8, 1981) is an Italian luger who has been competing since 2004.	Klaus Kofler	luger
occupation	Albert J. Friscia (July 22, 1911 -- September 2, 1989), was an Italian American sculptor.	Albert J. Friscia	sculptor
occupation	John Worgan (1724--1790) was an organist and composer of Welsh descent.	John Worgan	composer
occupation	Samir Abdul Aziz al-Najim is an Iraqi politician, who held several senior positions under President Saddam Hussein.	Samir Abdul Aziz al-Najim	politician
occupation	Porter Shreve (born Washington, DC) is an American author and professor of English and Creative Writing.	Porter Shreve	author
occupation	Bianca Moon (born 14 December) is the lead singer of the Nashville-based roots rock band ``The Satellites''.	Bianca Moon	singer
occupation	Fernando Fischmann is a scientist, businessman, biochemist and real estate developer, whose most notable project is the Crystal Lagoons innovation.	Fernando Fischmann	biochemist
occupation	Simon Broke (fl. 1393-1406) of Gloucester, was an English politician.	Simon Broke	politician
occupation	Sir William Farrington (fl. 1412), was an English soldier and diplomat.	William Farrington	diplomat
occupation	Tyler Gillett is an American film director, cinematographer, writer and producer.	Tyler Gillett	film director
occupation	Etta Murfitt is a British dancer, choreographer and the associate director of the New Adventures educational strand.	Etta Murfitt	choreographer
occupation	Jill Johnston (May 17, 1929 -- September 18, 2010) was an American feminist author and cultural critic who wrote Lesbian Nation in 1973 and was a longtime writer for The Village Voice.	Jill Johnston	writer
occupation	Álvaro Pineda (November 9, 1945 -- January 18, 1975) was a Mexican jockey who competed in thoroughbred horse racing in the United States.	Álvaro Pineda	jockey
occupation	Peter B. Kyne (October 12, 1880 -- November 25, 1957) was an American novelist who published between 1904 and 1940.	Peter B. Kyne	novelist
occupation	Sharad Talwalkar was an Indian film and television actor who led the Marathi Film Industry and Theatre for many years.	Sharad Talwalkar	actor
occupation	Ruth Acuff is an American singer-songwriter and harpist.	Ruth Acuff	singer-songwriter
occupation	Lee Elias (May 21, 1920 -- April 8, 1998) was a British-American comics artist.	Lee Elias	comics artist
occupation	Tim Russell (born 1947/1948) is an American radio announcer and voice actor (AFTRA/SAG) in Minneapolis --	Tim Russell	voice actor
occupation	María Elisa Velázquez Gutiérrez is a Mexican sociologist, anthropologist, researcher, professor, and author.	María Elisa Velázquez Gutiérrez	anthropologist
occupation	Amy Sol is an American artist of Korean ancestry, who lives in Las Vegas, Nevada.	Amy Sol	artist
occupation	Dragan Živadinov, (born January 24, 1960 in Ilirska Bistrica) is a Slovenian theatre director.	Dragan Živadinov	theatre director
occupation	Debbie Gates is a UK television writer and producer.	Debbie Gates	writer
occupation	Patrick Earl Hammie (born November 23, 1981) is an American painter best known for monumental portraits that adopt body language and narrative to reinvent and remix ideal beauty and heroic nudity.	Patrick Earl Hammie	painter
occupation	Joey Eijpe (born January 17, 1988 in Huizen) is a Dutch baseball player who currently plays for HCAW in the Honkbal Hoofdklasse.	Joey Eijpe	baseball player
occupation	Ebo Elder (born December 23, 1978, in Newnan, Georgia) is a former professional boxer.	Ebo Elder	boxer
occupation	Balfour Brickner (November 18, 1926 -- August 29, 2005), a leading rabbi in the Reform Judaism movement, was rabbi emeritus of the Stephen Wise Free Synagogue in Manhattan when he died.	Balfour Brickner	rabbi
occupation	Samm Bennett is a singer and songwriter, a drummer and percussionist, and a player of string instruments such as the stick dulcimer (sometimes called a dulcitar) and the diddley bow.	Samm Bennett	singer and songwriter
occupation	Clarke Peters (born April 7, 1952) is an American actor, singer, writer and director best known for his roles as detective Lester Freamon and Albert ``Big Chief'' Lambreaux on the HBO dramas The Wire and Treme, respectively.	Clarke Peters	actor	singer	writer
occupation	Paul David Graf (April 16, 1950 -- April 7, 2001) was an American actor, known for his role as Sgt. Eugene Tackleberry in the Police Academy series of films.	David Graf	actor
occupation	Jay Livingston (March 28, 1915 -- October 17, 2001) was an American composer and singer best known as half of a songwriting duo with Ray Evans that specialized in songs composed for films.	Jay Livingston	composer
occupation	Cathie Schweitzer is a former women's basketball coach at the University of Oklahoma, and Director of Athletics for Springfield College.	Cathie Schweitzer	basketball coach
occupation	Susanne Mueller Zantop (born September 5, 1956 in Essen, Germany) is a former journalist and Gartner technology analyst and is a leading communications entrepreneur and commentator, focused on CEOs communication and technology.	Susanne Mueller Zantop	journalist
occupation	Francesca Lia Block (born December 3, 1962) is an American writer of adult and young-adult literature: fiction, short stories, screenplays and poetry.	Francesca Lia Block	writer
occupation	Han Nianlong (Chinese: 韩念龙) (1910 - 2000) was a Chinese diplomat.	Han Nianlong	diplomat
occupation	Chuck Lorre (/lɒri/; born Charles Michael Levine; October 18, 1952) is an American television writer, director, producer, composer, and production manager.	Chuck Lorre	writer	composer
occupation	Karen Boccalero (May 19, 1933 -- June 24, 1997) was an American nun, fine artist, and founder and former director of Self-Help Graphics & Art.	Karen Boccalero	nun	artist
occupation	Lale Orta (born 1960) is a Turkish former football player, coach, sports commentator and referee.	Lale Orta	sports commentator
occupation	John Wesley Emerson (also known as J. W. Emerson) was an American lawyer, American Civil War commander, Missouri Circuit Court judge, and the founder and principal investor of the Emerson Electric Company.	John Wesley Emerson	lawyer
occupation	Michel Flamme is a French head chef.	Michel Flamme	chef
occupation	Adam Trupish (born February 8, 1979) is a Canadian welterweight (-- 69 kg) division boxer.	Adam Trupish	boxer
occupation	Bill Andriette is an American journalist and pro-pedophile activist.	Bill Andriette	journalist
occupation	Nathaniel Mackey is an American poet, novelist, anthologist, literary critic and editor.	Nathaniel Mackey	novelist
occupation	Kay Thompson (born Catherine Louise Fink; November 9, 1909 -- July 2, 1998) was an American author, composer, musician, actress and singer.	Kay Thompson	composer	singer
occupation	Daniel Siegert (born February 11, 1991 in Hahnbach, Bavaria) is a German singer and winner of the first season of the German version of Star Search.	Daniel Siegert	singer
occupation	Jean Berlie (also named Jean A. Berlie, Johan Berlie, Komlan in African Ewe, or 韓林, Hanlin in Chinese) is a French socio-anthropologist specialising in Asia and China.	Jean Berlie	anthropologist
occupation	James Alexander Fowler (February 22, 1863--November 18, 1955) was an American lawyer who served in various capacities as an Assistant Attorney General and Special Assistant to the U.S. Attorney General from 1908 to 1914, and from 1921 to 1926.	James Alexander Fowler	lawyer
occupation	Ion Voicu (Romanian: (iˈon ˈvojku); October 8, 1923 -- February 24, 1997) was a Romanian violinist and orchestral conductor of Romani ethnicity.	Ion Voicu	conductor
occupation	France Cukjati (born February 15, 1943) is a Slovenian politician, physician, theologian and a former Jesuit.	France Cukjati	politician	physician	theologian
occupation	Mason Lindahl is a guitarist and songwriter from Sacramento, California.	Mason Lindahl	songwriter
occupation	On 23 December 1730 Giuseppe Pozzobonelli was ordained priest for the Archdiocese of Milan by Cardinal Benedetto Erba Odescalchi, who was his spiritual father.	Giuseppe Pozzobonelli	priest
occupation	Steven Mercurio is an Italian American conductor and composer.	Steven Mercurio	conductor	composer
occupation	Vanessa Prager is an American artist, born and raised in Los Angeles, CA.	Vanessa Prager	artist
occupation	Greg Dulcie is an American voice actor who works at Funimation.	Greg Dulcie	voice actor
occupation	Céu (Portuguese pronunciation: (sɛu)), whose full name is Maria do Céu Whitaker Poças, is a Brazilian singer-songwriter whose first American album was released on the Six Degrees Records label in April 2007.	Céu	singer	songwriter
occupation	Richard Jordan Gatling (September 12, 1818 -- February 26, 1903) was an American inventor best known for his invention of the Gatling gun, the first successful machine gun.	Richard Jordan Gatling	inventor
occupation	Desiderio Alberto Arnaz y de Acha III (March 2, 1917 -- December 2, 1986), better known as Desi Arnaz or Desi Arnaz, Sr., was a Cuban-born American musician, actor, television producer, writer and director.	Desi Arnaz	actor
occupation	Noé Willer (real name : Hubert Sebban) is a former French singer.	Noé Willer	singer
occupation	Doric Wilson (February 24, 1939 -- May 7, 2011) was an American playwright, director, producer, critic and gay rights activist.	Doric Wilson	playwright
occupation	Alex Elena is an Italian-born drummer, producer, and photographer.	Alex Elena	photographer
occupation	Joseph Jules Beecken (born 1904, date of death unknown) was a Belgian middleweight boxer who competed in the 1920s.	Joseph Jules Beecken	boxer
occupation	Atanasije Stojković (1773-1832) was a Serbian, Austrian and Russian writer, pedagogue, physicist, mathematician and astronomer of Serb origin.	Atanasije Stojković	writer	physicist
occupation	Kenneth Maryboy (born May 13, 1961) is an American politician for San Juan County, Utah, and the current Navajo Nation Council Delegate for the Utah Navajo Section.	Kenneth Maryboy	politician
occupation	Padma Lakshmi (pronounced (ˈpəd̪maː ˈləkʃmiː); born September 1, 1970) is an Indian-born American cookbook author, actress, model, television host and executive producer.	Padma Lakshmi	model
occupation	Menahem ben Saruq (also known as Menahem ben Jacob ibn Saruq, Hebrew: מנחם בן סרוק) was a Spanish-Jewish philologist of the tenth century CE. He was a skilled poet and polyglot.	Menahem ben Saruq	poet
occupation	Chris Kibble (born July 24, 1963) is a British jazz musician.	Chris Kibble	jazz musician
occupation	Alexis Bachelot, SS.CC., (born Jean-Augustin Bachelot; February 22, 1796 -- December 5, 1837) was a Roman Catholic priest best known for his tenure as the first Prefect Apostolic of the Sandwich Islands.	Alexis Bachelot	Catholic priest
occupation	Ignacio Matte Blanco (October 3, 1908 -- January 11, 1995) was a Chilean psychiatrist and psychoanalyst who developed a rule-based structure for the unconscious which allows us to make sense of the non-logical aspects of thought.	Ignacio Matte Blanco	psychiatrist
occupation	Lisa Moscatiello is an American singer who is part of the Washington, DC area music scene.	Lisa Moscatiello	singer
occupation	Arthur Emmons Raymond (March 24, 1899 in Boston Massachusetts -- March 22, 1999 in Santa Monica, California) was an aeronautical engineer who led the team that designed the DC-3.	Arthur Emmons Raymond	engineer
occupation	Young Tommy, born Fernando Opao (born December 25, 1910), is a retired bantamweight boxer from the Philippines who went undefeated in his first 18 fights.	Young Tommy	boxer
occupation	Hal Linden (born March 20, 1931) is an American stage and screen actor, television director and musician.	Hal Linden	actor
occupation	Tatiana Trouvé is a contemporary visual artist based in Paris.	Tatiana Trouvé	visual artist
occupation	Ramaz Chkhikvadze (in Georgian: რამაზ ჩხიკვაძე) was a Georgian film and theater actor.	Ramaz Chkhikvadze	actor
occupation	Phill Drobnick (born October 8, 1980 in Virginia, Minnesota) is an American curler who has been involved with curling since 1986.	Phill Drobnick	curler
occupation	Sandhya Mukhopadhyay (also Sandhya Mukherjee) is an Indian singer and musician, specialising in Bengali music.	Sandhya Mukhopadhyay	singer
occupation	David Pescovitz is a writer and journalist best known for his work on science, technology and Internet culture.	David Pescovitz	writer	journalist
occupation	Professor Glen Newey is a political philosopher who is Professor of Practical Philosophy at the University of Leiden.	Glen Newey	philosopher
occupation	Thomas William Bird (May 4, 1883 -- June 9, 1958) was a politician and clergyman.	Thomas William Bird	politician
occupation	Berthold Laufer (October 11, 1874 -- September 13, 1934) was an anthropologist and historical geographer with an expertise in East Asian languages.	Berthold Laufer	anthropologist
occupation	Eugenio Faxas (1924--2002) was a Dominican golfer internationally recognized by his achievements and contributions to the development of golf in The Dominican Republic.	Eugenio Faxas	golfer
occupation	Peter Francis James (born September 16, 1956) is an American actor and voice-over artist, distinguished by his strong baritone.	Peter Francis James	actor
occupation	Fritz Morgenthaler (July 19, 1919 - October 26, 1984) was a Swiss psychoanalyst, physician and painter.	Fritz Morgenthaler	painter
occupation	Elizabeth Munnerlyn is Democratic politician from South Carolina.	Elizabeth Munnerlyn	politician
occupation	Charlie Himmelstein is a model, photographer and actor who first gained notoriety as an underground figure.	Charlie Himmelstein	photographer
occupation	Sumanth (Telugu: సుమంత్) (Born Sumanth Kumar) is an Indian film actor/producer known for his work predominantly in Telugu cinema.	Sumanth	actor
occupation	Stevie Salas is a Native American guitarist, author, television host, music director, record producer, and film composer.	Stevie Salas	composer
occupation	Feng Jifeng is a Chinese oncologist at Jiangsu Cancer Hospital and Nanjing Medical University, both located in Nanjing, China.	Feng Jifeng	oncologist
occupation	Erik Scott Kimerer is an American voice actor who has provided voices for the English dubs of Japanese anime, and video games.	Erik Scott Kimerer	voice actor
occupation	Frederick Antal (1887--1954), born Frigyes Antal, later known as Friedrich Antal, was a Jewish Hungarian art historian, particularly known for his contributions to the social history of art. After earning a degree in law, Antal decided to pursue art history.	Frederick Antal	art historian
occupation	John Thorn (born April 17, 1947) is a sports historian, author, publisher, and cultural commentator.	John Thorn	author
occupation	Victor Drai (born July 25, 1947) is a Franco-American nightclub owner, entrepreneur and film producer.	Victor Drai	film producer
occupation	Ambrosius Beber (fl. 1610--1620) was a German composer.	Ambrosius Beber	composer
occupation	Dick Anthony is a forensic psychologist noted for his writings on the brainwashing controversy, and one of the most prolific researchers of the social and psychological aspects of involvement in new religious movements.	Dick Anthony	psychologist
occupation	Hesham Mesbah (Arabic: هشام مصباح‎, born March 17, 1982) is an Egyptian judoka.	Hesham Mesbah	judoka
occupation	Charlene Pesquiera is a Democratic politician from the US state of Arizona.	Charlene Pesquiera	politician
occupation	Jacob Gentry is an American film director, editor, and writer.	Jacob Gentry	film director
occupation	Jane A. Rogers (born April 6, 1960) is an American actor most notably recognized for her role as Dr. Heather Donnelly on NBC's soap opera Santa Barbara.	Jane A. Rogers	actor
occupation	Zaheen Shah Taji (Urdu: ذہین شاہ تاجی‎) born Muhammad Tuaseen (Urdu: محمد طاسین‎) on 1902 and died July 23, 1978, was a great sufi of sub-continent as well as an Urdu poet, philosopher and scholar of high repute.	Zaheen Shah Taji	poet	philosopher
occupation	T.J. Gottesdiener is an architect and managing partner of the New York office of Skidmore, Owings & Merrill (SOM).	T.J. Gottesdiener	architect
occupation	Kaisa Nyberg is a cryptographer and computer security researcher, currently a professor at Aalto University School of Science.	Kaisa Nyberg	cryptographer
occupation	Jessie Daniels (born August 2, 1987 in New York) is an American actress, songwriter, and Christian musician.	Jessie Daniels	songwriter
occupation	Leonard Percy de Wolfe Tilley (May 21, 1870 -- December 28, 1947) was a New Brunswick lawyer, politician and the 21st Premier.	Leonard Percy de Wolfe Tilley	lawyer	politician
occupation	Penelope Cleyn (or Clein or Klein) (active 1668-1677) was a miniature painter active in London.	Penelope Cleyn	painter
occupation	Gregor Rajh is a Slovenian archer who participated at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics in Singapore.	Gregor Rajh	archer
occupation	Olive Griffith Stull (Davis) (February 10, 1905 -- June 15, 1969) was an American herpetologist.	Olive Griffith Stull	herpetologist
occupation	Tewareka Tentoa (? - November 3, 2000) was a Kiribati politician who served as the Vice President of Kiribati for two terms from 1994 to 2000 under former President Teburoro Tito.	Tewareka Tentoa	politician
occupation	Kalavoor Ravikumar (കലവൂര്‍ രവികുമാര്‍) is an Indian screenwriter and director who works in Malayalam cinema.He made his directorial debut in 2008 with the movie Oridathoru Puzhayundu.	Kalavoor Ravikumar	screenwriter
occupation	In 1911, Margaret Anglin became a U.S. citizen through her marriage to fellow actor Howard Hull.	Margaret Anglin	actor
occupation	Christoph Zielinski (born May 20, 1952 in Wieliczka near Kraków, Poland) is an Austrian physician and cancer researcher.	Christoph Zielinski	physician
occupation	Melissa Murphy is the executive chef and owner of Sweet Melissa Patisserie, Sweet Melissa Crémerie, as well as the author of The Sweet Melissa Baking Book.	Melissa Murphy	chef
occupation	Patrick Summers (born August 14, 1963) is an American conductor best known for his work as Artistic and Music Director of Houston Grand Opera and as Principal Guest Conductor of San Francisco Opera.	Patrick Summers	conductor
occupation	Niko Bolas is an American music producer, sound engineer, and consultant and business developer in the fields of virtual reality and Internet radio.	Niko Bolas	engineer
occupation	Qais Al Khonji (Arabic: قيس الخنجي) is an Omani businessman and entrepreneur.	Qais Al Khonji	entrepreneur
occupation	Colonel Ronald Bruce Campbell CBE DSO (1878 -- 1963) was a British Army officer and Olympic fencer.	Ronald Bruce Campbell	fencer
occupation	Delia Magaña (February 2, 1903 -- March 31, 1996) was a Mexican film and television actress, singer, and dancer.	Delia Magaña	singer
occupation	Kamal Addararachchi - කමල් අද්දරආරච්චි (born Addararachchige Gunendra Kamal on February 5, 1962) is an award-winning Sri Lankan film and teledrama actor, singer and presenter.	Kamal Addararachchi	singer
occupation	Sir Edward Guy Dawber, RA (King's Lynn, 1861 -- London, 1938) was an English architect working in the late Arts and Crafts style, whose work is particularly associated with the Cotswolds.	Guy Dawber	architect
occupation	Józef Grzybowski (March 17, 1869 -- February 17, 1922), was a Polish geologist, paleontologist and foraminiferologist.	Józef Grzybowski	paleontologist
occupation	David Abrahamsen (June 23, 1903 -- May 20, 2002) was a Norwegian forensic psychiatrist, psychoanalyst, and author who wrote analyses of Richard M. Nixon and David Berkowitz.	David Abrahamsen	psychiatrist
occupation	Ben Vereen (born October 10, 1946) is an American actor, dancer, and singer who has appeared in numerous Broadway theatre shows.	Ben Vereen	actor
occupation	Rob Long is a writer and television producer in Hollywood.	Rob Long	television producer
occupation	Sulaiman Nadvi (Urdu: سید سلیمان ندوی‎--Sayyid Sulaimān Nadwī; November 22, 1884 -- November 23, 1953) was an eminent Indian historian, biographer, littérateur and scholar of Islam.	Sulaiman Nadvi	historian
occupation	Mithaecus (Ancient Greek: Μίθαικος) was a cook and cookbook author of the late 5th century BC. A Greek-speaking native of Sicily at a time when the island was rich and highly civilized, Mithaecus is credited with having brought knowledge of Sicilian gastronomy to Greece.	Mithaecus	cook
occupation	Divya Parameshwaran is an Indian film actress and a model who has appeared in a Tamil film and several notable commercials.	Divya Parameshwaran	model
occupation	Tandis Jenhudson is a British composer, musician and medical doctor best known for his work on film soundtracks.	Tandis Jenhudson	composer
occupation	Prabowo Subianto Djojohadikusumo or publicly known as Prabowo Subianto (born 17 October 1951) is an Indonesian businessman, politician and former Lieutenant General in the Indonesian National Armed Forces.	Prabowo Subianto Djojohadikusumo	politician
occupation	Alastair Sweeny (born August 15, 1946) is a Canadian publisher, historian, and author.	Alastair Sweeny	historian
occupation	Sapto Djojokartiko is an Indonesian fashion designer originated from Solo, a city laid in Jawa Tengah Province which has such viscous tradition and culture.	Sapto Djojokartiko	fashion designer
occupation	Bahram Mashhoon is an Iranian-American physicist known for his research in General Relativity.	Bahram Mashhoon	physicist
occupation	Karma-Ann Swanepoel was the lead singer of Henry Ate, a South African rock band.	Karma-Ann Swanepoel	singer
occupation	Eugenio de Arriba (born March 4, 1934, Villafranca del Bierzo) was a Spanish painter.	Eugenio de Arriba	painter
occupation	Salman Aristo (born 1976) is an Indonesian screenwriter and film director best known for his work on Ayat-Ayat Cinta, Laskar Pelangi, Garuda di Dadaku, and Sang Penari.	Salman Aristo	screenwriter
occupation	Sadat X (born Derek Murphy; December 29, 1968) is an American rapper, most famed as a member of Alternative hip hop group Brand Nubian.	Sadat X	rapper
occupation	Clarence Dennis, M. D., Ph.D., (June 16, 1909 -- July 11, 2005) was an American cardiothoracic surgeon best known for his work in pioneering cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB).	Clarence Dennis	surgeon
occupation	Lige Conley (born Elijah Crommie; December 5, 1897 -- December 11, 1937) was an American actor of the silent era.	Lige Conley	actor
occupation	Valerie Alexander is an American author, speaker, screenwriter and director.	Valerie Alexander	screenwriter
occupation	Alexandre Despatie (born June 8, 1985) is a Canadian diver and broadcaster from Laval, Quebec.	Alexandre Despatie	diver
occupation	George Wirth is a singer-songwriter who lives in Brick, New Jersey.	George Wirth	singer-songwriter
occupation	Lakshminath Bezbaroa married Pragyasundari Devi, she is a niece of the poet Rabindranath Tagore.	Lakshminath Bezbaroa	poet
occupation	Kathleen M. Adams (born 1957, San Francisco, California) is a cultural anthropologist and Professor at Loyola University Chicago and an adjunct curator at the Field Museum of Natural History.	Kathleen M. Adams	anthropologist
occupation	Howard Engel CM (born April 2, 1931) is a Canadian mystery writer and CBC producer who resides in Toronto, Ontario.	Howard Engel	writer
occupation	Werner Tochtermann (born May 30, 1934 in Pforzheim) is a German chemist and emeritus professor.	Werner Tochtermann	chemist
occupation	Dick Botiller, sometimes credited as Richard Botiller, was an American character actor of the 1930s and 1940s.	Dick Botiller	actor
occupation	Hermann Irving Schlesinger (October 11, 1882 - October 3, 1960) was an American inorganic chemist, working in boron chemistry.	Hermann Irving Schlesinger	chemist
occupation	Nam Doh-hyeong (Hangul: 남도형; Hanja: 南度亨; born March 12, 1983 in lunar calendar) is a South Korean voice actor.	Nam Doh-hyeong	voice actor
occupation	Tamara Holmes (born June 2, 1974) is a baseball player who competed with the Colorado Silver Bullets and the United States women's national baseball team which won a gold medal at the 2015 Pan American Games.	Tamara Holmes	baseball player
occupation	Rodney Begnaud (October 12, 1970) is an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Rodney Mack.	Rodney Mack	professional wrestler
occupation	Alexander Baerwald (1877--1930) was a German Jewish architect best known for his work in Haifa, Israel.	Alexander Baerwald	architect
occupation	Joseph Edward Smadel (1907--1963) was a U.S. physician and virologist.	Joseph Edward Smadel	virologist
occupation	Michael of Canterbury (fl. 1275 -- 1321) was an English gothic architect responsible for work at Canterbury Cathedral and St Stephen's Chapel, at the Palace of Westminster.	Michael of Canterbury	architect
occupation	Georg Arnold-Graboné (also Arnold Grabone; September 11, 1896 -- February 10, 1982) was a painter of German impressionism and an art teacher.	Georg Arnold-Graboné	painter
occupation	Duncan Watson is a former child actor who is known for voicing Charlie Brown during 1975-1977.	Duncan Watson	actor
occupation	Nikki Harvey is an English Ten-pin bowler, from Southampton.	Nikki Harvey	bowler
occupation	Jim Hawthorne (November 20, 1918 -- November 6, 2007) was an American radio personality and comic actor.	Jim Hawthorne	actor
occupation	Ashton Holmes (born February 17, 1978) is an American actor, best known for the role of Jack Stall in A History of Violence, Private Sidney Phillips in the HBO miniseries The Pacific, Thom on the CW action-thriller series Nikita, and as Tyler Barrol on the ABC drama series Revenge.	Ashton Holmes	actor
occupation	Sir John Edward Thornycroft, KBE (1872--1960) was a British mechanical and civil engineer.	John Edward Thornycroft	civil engineer
occupation	Greg Sansone was a Canadian sports anchor and reporter for The Score, and guest host for ``Morency'' on Hardcore Sports Radio.	Greg Sansone	reporter
occupation	Thomas Hörbiger (1931--2011) was a German film actor and lyricist.	Thomas Hörbiger	actor
occupation	Doug Dunakey (born July 7, 1963) is an American former professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour and the Nationwide Tour.	Doug Dunakey	golfer
occupation	Francesco Campora (Rivarolo, January 16, 1693 -- Genoa, December 19, 1763) was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque.	Francesco Campora	painter
occupation	Eric J Dubowsky also known as Eric J, is a musician, songwriter and record producer.	Eric J	musician	songwriter	record producer
occupation	Puchi Balseiro (born Aurea Mercedes Balseiro on November 1, 1926 in Santurce, Puerto Rico, died January 11, 2007) was a composer in the filin (``feeling'') music genre.	Puchi Balseiro	composer
occupation	Georgia Holt (born Jackie Jean Crouch; June 9, 1926) is an American singer-songwriter, actress, and model.	Georgia Holt	singer-songwriter	model
occupation	Rafael Dropulić (born c. 1983), best known by his nickname Rafo, is a Croatian reality show winner and pop singer.	Rafael Dropulić	singer
occupation	Martin Stephan (1777--1846) was pastor of St. John Lutheran Church in Dresden, Germany during the early 19th century.	Martin Stephan	pastor
occupation	Ignacio Piñeiro Martínez (May 21, 1888 -- March 12, 1969) was a Cuban musician, bandleader and composer whose career started in rumba and flowered in the rise of the son.	Ignacio Piñeiro	composer
occupation	Saint Stephen the Younger (Greek: Ἂγιος Στέφανος ὁ νέος, 713/715 -- 28 November 764 or 765) was a Byzantine monk from Constantinople who became one of the leading opponents of the iconoclastic policies of Emperor Constantine V (r. 741--775).	Stephen the Younger	monk
occupation	Sonia Jones is a singer who is recognised for her session, touring and soundtrack performances.	Sonia Jones	singer
occupation	Nergüin Enkhbat (Mongolian: Нэргүйн Энхбат; born March 19, 1962) is a retired Mongolian boxer.	Nergüin Enkhbat	boxer
occupation	Dong Zhisen (born June 24, 1960) is a journalist from Jincheng, Kinmen, Fujian, Republic of China.	Dong Zhisen	journalist
occupation	Rosemary Glyde (September 15, 1948 -- January 18, 1994) was an American violist and composer.	Rosemary Glyde	composer
occupation	Sean Gunn (born May 22, 1974) is an American actor, best known for his role as Kirk Gleason on the television show Gilmore Girls (2000--2007).	Sean Gunn	actor
occupation	David Bruce Smith (born December 16, 1958) is an author, editor, publisher and business executive based in Washington, DC. He is the founder and president of The Grateful American™ Foundation, an organization dedicated to restoring enthusiasm in American history for kids and adults.	David Bruce Smith	author	editor	publisher
occupation	Annabelle Chvostek (born October 5, 1973) is a Canadian singer-songwriter based in Montreal.	Annabelle Chvostek	singer
occupation	Jenny Randles is a British author and former director of investigations with the British UFO Research Association (BUFORA), serving in that role from 1982 through to 1994.	Jenny Randles	author
occupation	Ben Klemens (born April 10, 1975) is an Australian economist and author.	Ben Klemens	economist
occupation	Dan Hudson (born April 2, 1959 in Oshawa, Ontario) is a Canadian artist and photojournalist.	Dan Hudson	photojournalist
occupation	Chas Cronk is an English rock singer-songwriter and musician, best known as the bassist for the Strawbs from 1973 to 1980, then again from 2004 to the present, as well as touring as part of Steve Hackett's band in the 1980s.	Chas Cronk	singer-songwriter	musician
occupation	George M. von Furstenberg is a noted economist, currently serving as the James H. Rudy Professor of Economics at Indiana University and best known for his work in the areas of monetary policy, free trade policy and international finance.	George M. von Furstenberg	economist
occupation	Kamilo Mašek (1831 -- 1859) was a Slovenian of Czech descent and music composer.	Kamilo Mašek	composer
occupation	Dilan Jayawardane is a Sri Lankan engineer who co-founded Scoopler based in the United States.	Dilan Jayawardane	engineer
occupation	Charles Wesley Parish is a city council person for the city of Terrell Hills, Texas and a professional photographer in the San Antonio area.	Charles Wesley Parish	photographer
occupation	D. Perera is a former Sri Lankan cricketer who played for Old Cambrians.	D. Perera	cricketer
occupation	Amanda Husberg (born 1940 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American composer of hymns.	Amanda Husberg	composer
occupation	Sister Alexa Suelzer, S.P., (June 19, 1918 -- June 26, 2015), was an author, educator and theologian known for her Old Testament criticism.	Alexa Suelzer	author	theologian
occupation	Marcus Fabius Dorsuo was a Roman politician, becoming consul in the year 345 BC. Marcus Fabius was from the gens Fabia, a patrician family in Rome.	Marcus Fabius Dorsuo	politician
occupation	George Weston Anderson (September 1, 1861 -- February 14, 1938) was a judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit.	George Weston Anderson	judge
occupation	Brad Hawkins (born January 13, 1976) is an American actor, country singer, and martial artist, best known for playing Ryan Steele in Saban's action adventure science fantasy series VR Troopers (1994--1996, and with 92 total episode appearances) and for his role in the 2014 film Boyhood.	Brad Hawkins	actor	singer
occupation	John Henry Lewis (May 1, 1914 -- April 18, 1974) was a hall of fame African American boxer who was the world Light Heavyweight champion from 1935 to 1939.	John Henry Lewis	boxer
occupation	Sean Langan (born 1964) is a British journalist and documentary film-maker.	Sean Langan	journalist
occupation	Fray Bernardo Murillo (fl. 1620-1660) was a Spanish composer of tonos humanos and villancicos.	Bernardo Murillo	composer
occupation	Dow Travers (born July 8, 1987) is a Caymanian alpine skier and rugby union player who competes in giant slalom and Rugby XVs and 7s.	Dow Travers	alpine skier	rugby union player
occupation	Ronny Graham (August 26, 1919 -- July 4, 1999) was an American actor and theater director, composer, lyricist, and writer.	Ronny Graham	actor
occupation	Georges Niang (born June 17, 1993) is an American college basketball player with the Iowa State Cyclones.	Georges Niang	basketball player
occupation	Nader Ebrahimi (Persian: نادر ابراهیمی‎‎; April 3, 1936 -- June 5, 2008) was an Iranian writer, screenwriter, photographer, director and actor.	Nader Ebrahimi	writer	screenwriter
occupation	Tulio Enrique León (October 11, 1938 ‒ March 18, 1982) was a Venezuelan organist, composer, and arranger.	Tulio Enrique León	organist	composer
occupation	Mario Joseph is a Haitian human rights lawyer.	Mario Joseph	lawyer
occupation	Clyde Butcher (born 1941) is an American photographer known for wilderness photography of the Florida landscape.	Clyde Butcher	photographer
occupation	Adolf Ruthardt (1849--1934) was a German piano teacher, composer and music editor.	Adolf Ruthardt	composer
occupation	Supreme Understanding, also known as Dr. Sujan Dass, is an American author.	Supreme Understanding	author
occupation	Donald Valle was an American restaurateur who owned and managed the eponymously named Valle's Steak House, from 1933 until his death in 1977.	Donald Valle	restaurateur
occupation	Carlos Sueldo is a physician and professor of obstetrics and gynaecology (OB/GYN) for the University of California at San Francisco.	Carlos Sueldo	physician
occupation	Shu Ting (Chinese: 舒婷; pinyin: Shū Tíng; born 1952 Jinjiang, Fujian) is the pen name of Gong Peiyu (Chinese: 龔佩瑜; pinyin: Gōng Pèiyú), a Chinese poet associated with the Misty Poets.	Shu Ting	poet
occupation	C. Daniel Clemente (born October 14, 1936) is a prominent American attorney, business executive, and consultant.	C. Daniel Clemente	consultant
occupation	Roger Scannura is a flamenco guitarist and an exponent of Nuevo Flamenco.	Roger Scannura	guitarist
occupation	Manish Makhija, also known as Munish Makhija (born on 7 October 1968), is an Indian VJ, and Mumbai-based restaurateur, who is most known for his characters Udham Singh on Channel V's The Udham Singh Show (1997), and Munna on UTV Bindass's Cash Cab --	Manish Makhija	restaurateur
occupation	Lawrence Becker (1869-1947) was an Indiana lawyer and judge who served as Solicitor of the United States Treasury.	Lawrence Becker	lawyer
occupation	Gulshan Devaiah is an Indian film actor who appears primarily in Bollywood films.	Gulshan Devaiah	actor
occupation	Elisha Netanyahu (Hebrew: אֱלִישָׁע נְתַנְיָהוּ; December 21, 1912 -- April 3, 1986) was an Israeli mathematician specializing in complex analysis.	Elisha Netanyahu	mathematician
occupation	More commonly known as Madame Huarui (花蕊夫人), she was also a notable poet.	Madame Huarui	poet
occupation	Ángel Tavira Maldonado (July 3, 1924 -- June 30, 2008) was a Mexican composer, musician and violinist of son calentano.	Ángel Tavira	composer	musician
occupation	Donald Pullen (born April 16, 1991), better known by the stage name Rockie Fresh, is an American rapper born in Chicago, Illinois signed to Rick Ross' Maybach Music Group and Atlantic Records.	Rockie Fresh	rapper
occupation	Dimitri Logothetis is an award winning US actor, director and producer.	Dimitri Logothetis	actor
occupation	Simone Kliass is a Brazilian voiceover actor and a member of Clube da Voz.	Simone Kliass	actor
occupation	Dan Reinstein is a specialist ophthalmic surgeon in the UK and is a board-certified registered specialist ophthalmologist in the USA, Canada and the UK, specialising in the field of refractive surgery (vision correction).	Dan Reinstein	ophthalmologist
occupation	Bolko von Richthofen (September 13, 1899 -- March 18, 1983) was a German archaeologist and a distant relative of the family of Manfred von Richthofen, the ``Red Baron''.	Bolko von Richthofen	archaeologist
occupation	Tamar Simon Hoffs (born Tamar Ruth Simon; October 23, 1934) is an American film director, writer, and producer, best known for directing the indie films Red Roses and Petrol (2003) and Pound of Flesh (2009), both starring Malcolm McDowell.	Tamar Simon Hoffs	film director
occupation	Pedro Pablo Kuczynski Godard (born October 3, 1938), better known simply as PPK, is a Peruvian public administrator, economist, and politician.	Pedro Pablo Kuczynski	economist	politician
occupation	Dušan Vasiljev (Serbian Cyrillic: Душан Васиљев; 1900--1924) was a Serbian poet, novelist and playwright.	Dušan Vasiljev	poet
occupation	Bhagwati Prasad (died July 9, 2013) was an Indian politician who was elected MLA twice from Ikauna constituency.	Bhagwati Prasad	politician
occupation	Phil Lovas (born c. 1968 in Ohio) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Arizona House of Representatives representing District 22 since January 14, 2013.	Phil Lovas	politician
occupation	John Kenneth Dust (born John Kenneth Dunkin: November 30, 1972), better known by the stage name Pigeon John, is an American rapper based in Los Angeles, California.	Pigeon John	rapper
occupation	Henry Darrow (born September 15, 1933) is a Puerto Rican-American character actor of stage and film known for his role as Manolito Montoya on the 1960s television series The High Chaparral.	Henry Darrow	actor
occupation	Layth Abdulamir (born October 24, 1957 in Iraq) an Iraqi-French film director, who currently lives in Paris, left Iraq in 1977.	Layth Abdulamir	film director
occupation	John Simon Guggenheim (December 30, 1867 -- November 2, 1941) was an American businessman, politician and philanthropist.	Simon Guggenheim	politician
occupation	On October 28, 1838, Eduard Bendemann married Lida Schadow (1821--1850), daughter of the famous sculptor Johann Gottfried Schadow and sister of Wilhelm von Schadow.	Eduard Bendemann	sculptor
occupation	Naomi Siegmann (b. 1933) is an American artist who has developed her career in Mexico, and noted for the depiction of everyday objects outside of their normal contexts.	Naomi Siegmann	artist
occupation	Pamela Westmore is a Hollywood make-up artist and part of the third generation of the Westmore family.	Pamela Westmore	make-up artist
occupation	Rajnigandha Shekhawat is popular singer from India, known for Sufi-rock / Bollywood / Vintage /Folk/ classics singing.	Rajnigandha Shekhawat	singer
occupation	Larry Winget (born 1952) is a professional motivational speaker, bestselling author, television personality and social commentator.	Larry Winget	motivational speaker	author
occupation	Giovan Battista Caniana (May 8, 1671 -- May 5, 1754), was an Italian sculptor and architect.	Giovan Battista Caniana	sculptor	architect
occupation	His plan worked, Gloria Polanco was elected with 28,742 votes becoming the only kidnapped politician to win an election of the sort.	Gloria Polanco	politician
occupation	John Joseph Rawlings was a British engineer and inventor of the wall plug, also known from his name as the rawlplug.	John Joseph Rawlings	engineer	inventor
occupation	Douglas A. Martin (born September 29, 1973) is an American poet, a novelist and a short story writer.	Douglas A. Martin	novelist
occupation	Miguel Ángel Vázquez Bautista (born January 6, 1987), best known as Miguel Vázquez, is a Mexican professional boxer and former IBF lightweight champion.	Miguel Vázquez	boxer
occupation	Giovanni Francesco Zabello (active c. 1546) was an Italian painter and engraver.	Giovanni Francesco Zabello	painter
occupation	Freda Rosen (September 7, 1945 -- July 17, 2007) was an American playwright, director, political activist, life coach, social therapist and mentor to prominent choreographers including Bill T. Jones, Arthur Aviles and Amy Pivar.	Freda Rosen	playwright
occupation	DeWitt Bristol Brace (January 5, 1859 - October 2, 1905) was an American physicist who was known for his optical experiments, especially as regards the relative motion of Earth and the luminiferous aether.	DeWitt Bristol Brace	physicist
occupation	Martin Birch was born on December 27, 1948, Martin Birch began his career in music as an audio engineer with Jeff Beck, Fleetwood Mac and Deep Purple, producing and engineering eleven albums for the latter.	Martin Birch	audio engineer
occupation	Bruce Hagen (born June 21, 1930) is a North Dakota politician who served as North Dakota Public Service Commissioner from 1961 to 2000.	Bruce Hagen	politician
occupation	Donald Marolf is a theoretical physicist, and currently a Professor of Physics at the University of California, Santa Barbara.	Donald Marolf	physicist
occupation	Emily Mary Bowdler Sharpe née Burrows (fl. 1890s-1920s) was an English entomologist.	Emily Mary Bowdler Sharpe	entomologist
occupation	Norris J. Kellman was a politician in the State of Wisconsin.	Norris J. Kellman	politician
occupation	Carlo Trigilia (born 18 June 1951) is an Italian academic and politician, who served as the minister of territorial cohesion from 28 April 2013 to February 2014.	Carlo Trigilia	politician
occupation	Maria da Graça Xuxa Meneghel (Portuguese: (maˈɾia da ˈgɾasa ˈʃuʃa mẽneˈgɛw); born March 27, 1963), commonly known as Xuxa (English pronunciation: /ˈʃuːʃə/ SHOO-shə; Portuguese: (ˈʃuʃɐ)), is a Brazilian television presenter, film actress, singer and businesswoman.	Xuxa	television presenter	singer
occupation	Franz-Paul Decker (June 22, 1923 -- May 19, 2014) was a German-born conductor.	Franz-Paul Decker	conductor
occupation	Alexandru Claudian (also rendered as Al. Claudian; April 8, 1898 -- October 16, 1962) was a Romanian sociologist, political figure, and poet.	Alexandru Claudian	sociologist
occupation	Ellendea Proffer Teasley (born 1944) is an American author, publisher, and translator of Russian literature into English.	Ellendea Proffer	translator
occupation	Samuel Augustine Miller (October 16, 1819 -- November 19, 1890) was a politician, member of the Confederate Congress and military officer in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War.	Samuel Augustine Miller	politician
occupation	William Carl Jameson, known professionally as W. C. Jameson, (born 1942) is an American writer, author, singer/songwriter, and professional treasure hunter.	W. C. Jameson	writer
occupation	Susan Richard Nelson (born 1952) is an American lawyer and District Judge for the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota.	Susan Richard Nelson	lawyer
occupation	Hoku Ho Clements (born Hoku Christian Ho, June 10, 1981), known mononymously as Hoku, is an American singer.	Hoku	singer
occupation	Augustus was in fact a prolific letter-writer and he once asked Horace to be his personal secretary.	Horace	writer
occupation	Judy Rifka (born 1945) is an American artist active since the 1970s as a painter and video artist.	Judy Rifka	painter
occupation	Michael Fry is an American cartoonist, online media entrepreneur and screenwriter.	Michael Fry	cartoonist
occupation	Andrew Kirmse is an American computer programmer.	Andrew Kirmse	programmer
occupation	Li Tianmin (Chinese: 李天民; pinyin: Lǐ Tiānmín, October 14, 1909 -- June 24, 1993), or Li Tien-Min (romanised), was a Chinese Nationalist politician and political historian.	Li Tianmin	politician	historian
occupation	John Merriman Reynolds (March 5, 1848 -- September 14, 1933) was a lawyer, publisher and politician from the state of Pennsylvania.	John Merriman Reynolds	politician
occupation	Vasa Stajić was a Serbian writer and philosopher.	Vasa Stajić	writer	philosopher
occupation	Hiraku Nakajima (Japanese: 中島 啓 Nakajima Hiraku; born November 30, 1962) is a Japanese mathematician.	Hiraku Nakajima	mathematician
occupation	Kara Taylor (born Kara Mustafa, March 21, 1990) is an American author of novels for young adults and television writer best known for writing the Prep School Confidential series.	Kara Taylor	writer
occupation	Pedro Goyena (July 24, 1843, Buenos Aires -- May 17, 1892) was an Argentine jurist, politician and writer.	Pedro Goyena	politician
occupation	Gaston Juchet (French pronunciation: ​(ɡɑstɔ̃ ʒyʃɛ)) was a French engineer, known for being the chief designer of Renault between 1963 and 1975 and again between 1984 and 1987.	Gaston Juchet	engineer
occupation	Charles Wilson Cross (November 30, 1872 -- June 2, 1928) was a Canadian politician who served in the Legislative Assembly of Alberta and the Canadian House of Commons.	Charles Wilson Cross	politician
occupation	Lars Bom (Olesen) (born April 8, 1961) is a Danish actor, educated at The Danish National School of Theatre in 1985.	Lars Bom	actor
occupation	Jordan Laws is an American music producer, recording artist, and DJ. He's produced pop culture mashups, combining elements of music, film and television, and is an international performer.	Jordan Laws	music producer
occupation	Rabbi Jacob J. Hecht, known as the Lubavitcher Rebbe's right-hand man, was a leading Chabad rabbi, educator, writer and radio commentator.	Jacob J. Hecht	rabbi
occupation	Mariee Sioux (born February 4, 1985) is an American folk singer-songwriter.	Mariee Sioux	singer	songwriter
occupation	Katrina Holden Bronson is an American film director, screenwriter and actress.	Katrina Holden Bronson	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Tamer Moustafa (born July 5, 1982) is an Egyptian basketball player currently playing for El Geish of the Egyptian Super League.	Tamer Moustafa	basketball player
occupation	Nick Kiriazis (born June 9, 1969) is American television actor.	Nick Kiriazis	television actor
occupation	Jozef Peeters (1895--1960) is a Belgian painter, engraver and graphic artist.	Jozef Peeters	painter
occupation	José Guillermo Rodríguez Rodríguez is a Puerto Rican politician who serves as the Mayor of the city of Mayagüez, Puerto Rico.	José Guillermo Rodríguez	politician
occupation	Georgette Savvides (born February 10, 1973) is a Greek Egyptian psychologist and director of Psychealth.	Georgette Savvides	psychologist
occupation	Sebastian Rupley is a technology journalist and commentator.	Sebastian Rupley	journalist
occupation	David Jewett Waller, Sr. (January 26, 1815 -- December 7, 1893) was an American Presbyterian minister, entrepreneur, landowner and civic leader who lived in the American state of Pennsylvania.	David Jewett Waller, Sr.	minister
occupation	Stanton Peele, Ph.D., J.D., (born January 8, 1946) is a psychologist, attorney, psychotherapist and the author of books and articles on the subject of alcoholism, addiction and addiction treatment.	Stanton Peele	psychologist
occupation	Maryanne Amacher (February 25, 1938 -- October 22, 2009) was an American composer and installation artist.	Maryanne Amacher	composer	artist
occupation	Spruille Braden (/ˈspruːl ˈbreɪdən/ SPROOL BRAY-dən; March 13, 1894 -- January 10, 1978) was an American diplomat, businessman, lobbyist, and member of the Council on Foreign Relations.	Spruille Braden	diplomat
occupation	Jacqueline Hennessy (born November 25, 1968) is a Canadian journalist, television host, and occasional actress.	Jacqueline Hennessy	journalist
occupation	Henry M. Fales (February 12, 1927, New York, NY - October 28, 2010, Silver Spring, MD) was an American organic chemist and mass spectrometrist.	Henry M. Fales	chemist
occupation	John Shurley (died 1616), of 'The Friars', Lewes, Sussex, was an English politician.	John Shurley (died 1616)	politician
occupation	Patrick Heusinger is an American actor, known for his roles on the television series Gossip Girl and Royal Pains.	Patrick Heusinger	actor
occupation	Heinz Pehlke (October 8, 1922 -- March 12, 2002) was a freelance German cinematographer in film and television.	Heinz Pehlke	cinematographer
occupation	Erica Johnson (born in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian broadcast journalist who hosts the TV series Marketplace on CBC Television.	Erica Johnson	journalist
occupation	Benny Jack Bowman (born July 4, 1932), is a former politician in the state of Tennessee.	Jack Bowman	politician
occupation	Veronika Bilgeri (born 1966) is a West German luger who competed during the late 1980s.	Veronika Bilgeri	luger
occupation	Frederick Otis Barton, Jr. (June 5, 1899 -- April 15, 1992) was an American deep-sea diver, inventor and actor.	Otis Barton	inventor	actor
occupation	George Baird Hodge (April 8, 1828 -- August 1, 1892) was an attorney, Confederate politician and general from the Commonwealth of Kentucky.	George Baird Hodge	politician
occupation	Gwilym Rhyfel (fl. 12th century) was a Welsh language poet and warrior.	Gwilym Rhyfel	poet
occupation	In November 2014, Zé Ramalho released a collaborative live album with singer and acoustic guitarist Fagner, entitled Fagner & Zé Ramalho ao Vivo.	Zé Ramalho	singer
occupation	Nico Muhly (/ˈniːkoʊ ˈmjuːli/; born August 26, 1981) is an American contemporary classical music composer and arranger, who has worked and recorded with classical and pop/rock musicians.	Nico Muhly	composer
occupation	Stephan Rössner (born 3 April 1942) is a Swedish physician and world-renowned expert on dieting.	Stephan Rössner	physician
occupation	Evan Alex Cole (born February 2, 1985) is an American actor, best known for his role as Hunter on the American daytime drama As the World Turns.	Evan Alex Cole	actor
occupation	Jessica Lurie is an American composer, performance artist and woodwind player, originally hailing from Seattle and now living in Brooklyn, New York.	Jessica Lurie	composer
occupation	Paul Tobey (born September 7, 1962) is a Canadian jazz pianist, as well as a producer, arranger, composer, and director.	Paul Tobey	composer
occupation	Quintus Clodius Hermogenianus Olybrius (floruit 361-384) was a Roman politician, praefectus urbi of Rome in 368--370 and Roman consul in 379.	Quintus Clodius Hermogenianus Olybrius	politician
occupation	Tally Holmes was an African American tennis player in the 1910s and 1920s.	Tally Holmes	tennis player
occupation	Steve Donahue (born May 21, 1962) is an American college basketball coach, who is currently the head coach of the Penn Quakers men's basketball team.	Steve Donahue	basketball coach
occupation	Amelius (Greek: Ἀμέλιος), whose family name was Gentilianus, was a Neoplatonist philosopher and writer of the second half of the 3rd century.	Amelius	philosopher	writer
occupation	The Meidias Painter was an Athenian red-figure vase painter in Ancient Greece, active in the last quarter of the 5th century BCE (fl. c. 420 to c. 400 BCE).	Meidias Painter	vase painter
occupation	Sébastien d'Hérin is a French harpsichordist and conductor.	Sébastien d'Hérin	harpsichordist
occupation	Mmoloki Chrystie is an English actor, probably best recognised for playing the soccer-crazed, not-too-bright Frazer ``Frazz'' Davis in the BAFTA award winning Central Television / Children's ITV comedy-drama Press Gang.	Mmoloki Chrystie	actor
occupation	Samuel Andrew Hanna, Sr., known as Sam Hanna (August 13, 1933 -- January 15, 2006), was a Louisiana journalist who owned and published three newspapers:	Sam Hanna	journalist
occupation	Ronald Gavril (born July 10, 1986) is a Romanian professional boxer of Mayweather Promotions TMT.	Ronald Gavril	boxer
occupation	Dermot St. John Gogarty, RIAI, RIBA, (born 1908) was a well-known Irish architect of Dublin and Galway active throughout mid-twentieth-century Ireland.	Dermot St. John Gogarty	architect
occupation	Katherine Nelson is an American developmental psychologist, a distinguished professor emerita of psychology at the City University of New York.	Katherine Nelson	psychologist
occupation	Kuki Gallmann is an Italian-born Kenyan national, best-selling author, poet, environmental activist, and conservationist.	Kuki Gallmann	poet
occupation	Jurriaan ten Doesschate (Utrecht, October 31, 1912 -- Zeist, November 3, 1977) was a Dutch ophthalmologist and medical scientist, who specialized in physiological optics.	Jurriaan ten Doesschate	ophthalmologist
occupation	Venolyn ``Miss Clarke'' Clarke-Spencer (born Venolyn Clarke; 11 July 1967 in Jamaica) is a former sprinter who specialized in the 100 metres.	Venolyn Clarke	sprinter
occupation	George Brent Mickum IV is an American lawyer with the Washington DC law firm Terrapin Law Group.	George Brent Mickum IV	lawyer
occupation	Norm Perry is a retired broadcast journalist.	Norm Perry	journalist
occupation	K.S. Rhoads (born August 7, 1976) is an American musician, singer-songwriter, composer, music-producer, and performer.	K.S. Rhoads	singer-songwriter	composer
occupation	Greg Weeks is an American singer-songwriter based in Philadelphia.	Greg Weeks	singer-songwriter
occupation	George Perkins Marsh (March 15, 1801 -- July 23, 1882), an American diplomat and philologist, is considered by some to be America's first environmentalist and the precursor to the sustainability concept, although ``conservationist'' would be more accurate.	George Perkins Marsh	diplomat
occupation	Bernd Begemann (born 1963) is a contemporary German alt/pop singer-songwriter linked to the Hamburger Schule.	Bernd Begemann	singer	songwriter
occupation	Lloyd Thaxton (May 31, 1927 -- October 5, 2008) was an American writer, television producer, director, and television host best known for his syndicated pop music television program of the 1960s, The Lloyd Thaxton Show, which began as a local Los Angeles program on KCOP in 1961.	Lloyd Thaxton	writer	television producer
occupation	Beryl Goldwyn - now Beryl Karney - (born 1930) is an English ballet dancer.	Beryl Goldwyn	ballet dancer
occupation	Vishka Asayesh (Persian: ویشکا آسایش‎‎; born on November 7, 1972 in Tehran) is an Iranian actress, set designer and art director.	Vishka Asayesh	art director
occupation	Robert Boris (October 12, 1945) is an American screenwriter, film producer and director.	Robert Boris	screenwriter	film producer
occupation	Kenneth Church (born March 24, 1930 in Windsor, Ontario, Canada) is a retired jockey in Thoroughbred horse racing.	Kenneth Church	jockey
occupation	Randy Josselyn (born February 1, 1974 ) is an American recurring character actor whose TV appearances include Family Matters, Undressed, 7th Heaven, The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air, Picket Fences and Full House.	Randy Josselyn	actor
occupation	Carlo Martini (1908--1958) was an Italian painter and academician.	Carlo Martini	painter
occupation	Ed Lin is a Taiwanese American writer and novelist.	Ed Lin	novelist
occupation	Elie Abel (October 17, 1920 -- July 22, 2004) was a Canadian-American journalist, author and academic.	Elie Abel	journalist
occupation	Dr. Hetherwick Ntaba is a Malawian medical doctor and politician, and former Publicity Secretary of the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP).	Hetherwick Ntaba	politician
occupation	Saksit Vejsupaporn (Thai: ศักดิ์สิทธิ์ เวชสุภาพร, rtgs: Saksit Wetsuphaphon, pronounced (sàksìt wêtsùʔpʰaːpʰɔːn)), popularly known by the nickname Tor (stylized ToR+; โต๋, rtgs: To, (tǒː)), is a Thai pop singer and pianist.	Saksit Vejsupaporn	singer
occupation	Ariel Pagtalonia Manalo (born February 12, 1966 in Manila), better known as Jose Manalo, is a Filipino actor and comedian.	Jose Manalo	actor	comedian
occupation	Felice Abrami (May 31, 1872 in Milan -- August 7, 1919 in Abbiate Guazzone) was an Italian painter active in Milan, depicting mainly landscapes and genre subjects.	Felice Abrami	painter
occupation	Sanoop Santhosh (born December 12, 2004) is an Indian child actor from the Malayalam film industry.	Sanoop Santhosh	actor
occupation	Esmeralda Labye (born 25 February 1973) is a Belgian journalist and presenter at Belgian public broadcaster RTBF.	Esmeralda Labye	journalist
occupation	Tim Soudan is the current coach of the Rochester Rattlers and a former NLL/MLL lacrosse player for the Boston Blazers, Rochester Knighthawks, and Rochester Rattlers.	Tim Soudan	lacrosse player
occupation	Jilma Madera (September 18, 1915 - February 21, 2000) was a well-known Cuban sculptor.	Jilma Madera	sculptor
occupation	Marc Demers is a Canadian politician, who was elected Mayor of Laval in the city's 2013 municipal election.	Marc Demers	politician
occupation	Burt Topper (July 31, 1928 -- April 3, 2007) was an American film director and screenwriter best known for cult films aimed at teenagers.	Burt Topper	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Sylvain Simard (born April 26, 1945) is a politician and academic based in the Canadian province of Quebec.	Sylvain Simard	politician
occupation	Ilario Lanivi is an Italian politician from the Aosta Valley who has been highly involved in the formation of a number of political parties.	Ilario Lanivi	politician
occupation	Bernard Fein (November 13, 1926, New York -- September 10, 1980, Los Angeles, California) was an American actor, television producer, screenwriter and film director.	Bernard Fein	actor	film director
occupation	Huang Fu-yuan or Frank Huang (Chinese: 黃富源; pinyin: Huáng Fùyuán) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Huang Fu-yuan	politician
occupation	Sandford Lyne (1945/6 -- February 7, 2007) was an American poet, educator, and editor.	Sandford Lyne	poet
occupation	Yuri Kondratiev (Ukrainian: Кондратьєв Юрій Григорович; born October 23, 1953, in Kyiv, USSR) is a Ukrainian mathematician, professor at the Bielefeld University, Germany.	Yuri Kondratiev	mathematician
occupation	Andy Samuel (April 10, 1909 -- March 5, 1992) was an American child actor most notable for his appearances in 19 Our Gang comedies over a three-year period.	Andy Samuel	actor
occupation	Pandurang Vasudeo Sukhatme (1911--1997) was an Indian statistician who did pioneering work in the 1940s by applying random sampling methods in agricultural statistics and in biometry.	Pandurang Vasudeo Sukhatme	statistician
occupation	Oliver Grainger (born May 9, 1988) is a Canadian child voice actor.	Oliver Grainger	voice actor
occupation	Lawrence Yannuzzi is an American physician, ophthalmologist, and vitreo-retinal surgeon who is noted as an internationally recognized retinal specialist.	Lawrence Yannuzzi	ophthalmologist
occupation	Takhir Mamashayev (Kazakh: Тахир Мамашаев; born September 24, 1979 in Zhambyl) is a Kazakhstani marathon runner.	Takhir Mamashayev	marathon runner
occupation	William Harkness (December 17, 1837 -- February 28, 1903) was an astronomer, born at Ecclefechan, Scotland, a son of James (1803--78) and Jane (née Wield) Harkness.	William Harkness	astronomer
occupation	Jacob Mann (dates unknown) was an English cricketer who played in major matches during the 1740s.	Jacob Mann	cricketer
occupation	Dippajjal Day is a First class and List A cricketer from Bangladesh who is also known by his nickname 'Sarkar'.	Dippajjal Day	cricketer
occupation	Andrea Cardona is a Guatemalan mountaineer, the first Central American woman and the Caribbean to reach the world's highest peak on Mount Everest, 8,848 metres (29,029 ft) above sea level, and the first Latin American to complete the Adventurers Grand Slam.	Andrea Cardona	mountaineer
occupation	Madhav Prasad Ghimire (Nepali: माधव प्रसाद घिमिरे) (born October 22, 1919) is a Nepali poet.	Madhav Prasad Ghimire	poet
occupation	Jan Nagórski (1888--1976), also known as Ivan Nagurski, was a Polish engineer and pioneer of aviation, the first person to fly an airplane in the Arctic and the first aviator to perform a loop with a flying boat.	Jan Nagórski	engineer
occupation	Isis Gomes (born August 23, 1985, Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul) is a Brazilian model best known for coming second in the Fazenda de Verão, a reality show broadcast by Rede Record in 2012.	Isis Gomes	model
occupation	Jayaprakash is an Indian film actor and producer.	Jayaprakash	actor
occupation	Sammy Betancourt a.k.a. ``The Sharpshooter'' (born February 21, 1946) is a former basketball player who represented Puerto Rico in the 1975 Pan American Games.	Sammy Betancourt	basketball player
occupation	Naoyuki Oguri (born c. 1963--64), who performs as simply Oguri, is a dancer and choreographer from Japan who lives in Los Angeles, California, where he works creating and teaching dance.	Oguri	dancer	choreographer
occupation	Lex Hixon (1941--1995) (born Alexander Paul Hixon Junior, also known as Nur al-Anwar al-Jerrahi in the Sufi community) was an American Sufi author, poet, and spiritual teacher.	Lex Hixon	poet
occupation	Marek Uram (born September 8, 1974 in Liptovský Mikuláš, Czechoslovakia) is a Slovak ice hockey player, currently playing for HC Slovan Bratislava, the current champion of the Slovak Extraliga.	Marek Uram	ice hockey player
occupation	Bob Penuelas is a comic strip illustrator and writer.	Bob Penuelas	writer
occupation	Ivan Dimov (Bulgarian: Иван Димов) was a Bulgarian actor.	Ivan Dimov	actor
occupation	Iván Persa (Slovene: Ivan Perša) (April 2, 1861 -- September 26, 1935) was a Hungarian Slovene Roman Catholic priest and writer.	Iván Persa	writer
occupation	Jack Hope (August 12, 1898 -- August 8, 1962) was an English American film and television producer.	Jack Hope	television producer
occupation	Vithal Krishnaji Khedkar was an Indian social reformer, one of the founders of the Prarthana Samaj in Bombay, and original author of a book later published as The Divine Heritage of the Yadavas, which was one of the earliest attempts to create a historical narrative for the Yadav caste of cowherds.	Vithal Krishnaji Khedkar	author
occupation	William Frederick Knight (born December 6, 1933), sometimes credited as William Knight, William Frederick, or Frederick Knight, is a voice actor who has lent his voice to the English dubs of anime and video games.	William Frederick Knight	actor
occupation	Paolo Brescia is an Italian architect and founder of Open Building Research.	Paolo Brescia	architect
occupation	Blessed Marcelina Darowska (January 16, 1827 -- January 5, 1911), was a Polish nun who was beatified by the then Pope John Paul II at Saint Peter's Square in Rome in the year 1996.	Marcelina Darowska	nun
occupation	Marie Norton Harriman (April 12, 1903 -- September 26, 1970) was an American art collector and First Lady of New York from 1955 to 1958.	Marie Norton Harriman	art collector
occupation	Marcus Gheeraerts the Elder (c. 1520 -- c. 1590) was a Flemish printmaker and painter associated with the English court of the mid-16th century and mainly remembered as the illustrator of the 1567 edition of Aesop's Fables.	Marcus Gheeraerts the Elder	painter
occupation	Cassandra Vasik is a Canadian country music singer-songwriter from Blenheim, Ontario.	Cassandra Vasik	singer
occupation	Edward Hargitt (born in Edinburgh) studied art in the Royal Scottish Academy and was a fairly good painter of landscapes.	Edward Hargitt	painter
occupation	León Fidel Ojeda (born October 20, 1967) is a Colombian politician, and mayor of the city of Montería.	León Fidel Ojeda	politician
occupation	Beverly Hanson (December 5, 1924 -- April 12, 2014) was an American professional golfer who played on the LPGA Tour.	Beverly Hanson	golfer
occupation	Tom Barrise born (February 3, 1954) is an American basketball coach who became the interim head coach of the New Jersey Nets for two games.	Tom Barrise	basketball coach
occupation	Soraya Moraes (born January 29, 1973) is a Brazilian gospel singer.	Soraya Moraes	singer
occupation	Hasan Hazer Moshar was an Iranian self-taught artist who was called ``the father of self-taught arts''.	Hasan Hazer Moshar	artist
occupation	Djuna Barnes (June 12, 1892 -- June 18, 1982) was an American writer and artist best known for her novel Nightwood (1936), a cult classic of lesbian fiction and an important work of modernist literature.	Djuna Barnes	writer
occupation	Melinda Midajah McCullum (born March 23, 1970) is an American personal trainer, fitness model and former professional wrestling manager, better known by her ring name, Midajah.	Midajah	model
occupation	Gathie Falk CM OBC is a Canadian painter, sculptor and performance artist based in Vancouver, British Columbia.	Gathie Falk	painter
occupation	Bart Lundy (born November 5, 1971) is an American men's college basketball coach at Queens University of Charlotte.	Bart Lundy	basketball coach
occupation	Crystal Scales (born November 22, 1971) is an actress, singer, and rapper.	Crystal Scales	singer
occupation	Sahaya Sheelan Shadrach (Kannada: ಸಹಾಯ ಶೀಲನ್) known by his screen name Sadhu Kokila, is an Indian actor, director and music director in the Kannada film industry.	Sadhu Kokila	actor	music director
occupation	Louis Molloy is a Manchester-based tattoo artist who designed David Beckham's back tattoo, depicting a bald, winged, angelic figure.	Louis Molloy	artist
occupation	Robert Laramée is a Canadian politician and was a city councillor in Montreal, Quebec.	Robert Laramée	politician
occupation	William Hayman Cummings (August 22, 1831 -- June 10, 1915), born in Sidbury (near Sidmouth) in Devon, was an English musician, tenor and organist at Waltham Abbey.	William Hayman Cummings	organist
occupation	Milenko Paunović (Újszentiván, November 29, 1889 -- Belgrade, October 1, 1924) was a Serbian composer and writer, the author of the first Serbian musical drama.	Milenko Paunović	composer
occupation	Leni Lan Yan (Chinese: 蓝燕; born 1990), also known by her stage name Crazybarby, is a Chinese actress, pop singer, and model.	Lan Yan	singer
occupation	Jeffrey Dean Isbell (born April 8, 1962), better known by his stage name Izzy Stradlin, is an American guitarist, singer and songwriter.	Izzy Stradlin	guitarist	singer and songwriter
occupation	Rusty Lemorande is an American screenwriter, director, actor and film producer, who created the 1989 version of Journey to the Center of the Earth.	Rusty Lemorande	screenwriter	film producer
occupation	Gulalai Ismail (born c. 1986) is a Pashtun human rights activist and chairperson of Aware Girls from Pakistani.	Gulalai Ismail	human rights activist
occupation	Marisa Catalina Casey (born in Bogotá, Colombia on November 5, 1979), is a photographer, graphic designer, educator, and co-author of the book Born in Our Hearts.	Marisa Catalina Casey	photographer
occupation	Adam de la Cour (born June 8, 1979) is a British composer, performer and filmmaker.	Adam de la Cour	composer
occupation	Solage (or Soulage), possibly Jean So(u)lage (fl. late 14th century) was a French composer, and probably also a poet.	Solage	composer
occupation	Niki Haris (born April 17, 1962) is an American actress, dancer, and singer of pop, R&B, dance music and jazz, perhaps best known for having been one of Madonna's backing vocalists from 1987 to 2001.	Niki Haris	dancer	singer
occupation	Arthur Dehon Little (December 15, 1863 -- August 1, 1935) was an American chemist and chemical engineer.	Arthur Dehon Little	chemist	engineer
occupation	In August 2010, following the 2010 Haiti earthquake and the Deepwater Horizon oil spill, singer/songwriter and poet, Zachary Richard released an album featuring a hip-hop version of Rocky McKeon's song ``Le grand gosier,'' with verses by Samian in French and Emrical in Haitian Creole.	Rocky McKeon	singer
occupation	Jonathan Fishbein is an American physician and former director of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) Office for Policy in Clinical Research Operations.	Jonathan Fishbein	physician
occupation	Dallas Seavey (born March 4, 1987) is an American dog musher, who won the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race across the U.S. state of Alaska in 2012, 2014 and 2015.	Dallas Seavey	musher
occupation	Jim Tully (June 3, 1886 -- June 22, 1947) was a vagabond, pugilist, and American writer.	Jim Tully	writer
occupation	Barkhad Abdi (Somali: Barkhad Cabdi, Arabic: برخد عبدي‎; born April 10, 1985) is a Somali-American actor and director.	Barkhad Abdi	actor
occupation	Aaron ben Meir of Brest was a Belarusian rabbi; born about the beginning of the eighteenth century at Brest-Litovsk, Belarus (then Russia); died there Nov. 3, 1777.	Aaron ben Meir of Brest	rabbi
occupation	Daniel Webster Warner (October 1, 1857 -- May 14, 1933) was a farmer, rancher and Canadian federal politician.	Daniel Webster Warner	politician
occupation	Philip Bailey (born May 8, 1951) is an American R&B, soul, gospel and funk singer, songwriter, percussionist and actor, best known as an original member, and one of the two lead singers (along with group founder Maurice White) of the band Earth, Wind & Fire.	Philip Bailey	singer
occupation	Julie F. Barcelona is a Filipino botanist (plant taxonomist), working as Research Associate at University of Canterbury (Christchurch, New Zealand).	Julie F. Barcelona	botanist
occupation	The Centre d'histoire et d'archéologie de la Métabetchouane contains an exhibition discussing the life and works of Father Jean de Quen, as well as a memorial for the explorer.	Jean de Quen	explorer
occupation	Jack Dann (born February 15, 1945) is an American writer best known for his science fiction, an editor and a writing teacher, who has lived in Australia since 1994.	Jack Dann	writer
occupation	Dr. Abdul Rahman Kamudi (Arabic: عبد الرحمن القمودي‎) (b. ca. 1955) is a Libyan politician served as Secretary of the General People's Committee of Libya as General Authority for Investment.	Abdul Rahman Kamudi	politician
occupation	Hamada Madi, widely known as ``Boléro'', is a Comorian politician, former Prime Minister and interim President.	Hamada Madi	politician
occupation	Anne E. DeChant is an American rock singer/songwriter/guitarist based in the Cleveland area.	Anne E. DeChant	guitarist
occupation	Michael Curtis Ford is an American historical novelist, writing novels about Ancient Rome and Ancient Greece.	Michael Curtis Ford	novelist
occupation	Hart Wood (1880--1957) was an American architect who flourished during the ``Golden Age'' of Hawaiian architecture.	Hart Wood	architect
occupation	Christine Allsopp is an Anglican priest and was Archdeacon of Northampton.	Christine Allsopp	priest
occupation	Simon Gaon (born 1943) is an American painter, Expressionist, and action painter.	Simon Gaon	painter
occupation	Shinobu Nakayama (Nakayama Shinobu, 中山忍, born January 18, 1973) is an actress and a former J-pop singer.	Shinobu Nakayama	singer
occupation	Ron Terpening (born Ronnie Harold Terpening on May 3, 1946) is an American writer, professor of Italian, and editor.	Ron Terpening	writer
occupation	Benjamin Earl King (September 28, 1938 -- April 30, 2015), known as Ben E. King, was an American soul and R&B singer and record producer.	Ben E. King	singer
occupation	Sharon Higgins (Sharon Rose, born Sharon Rose Black, July 6, 1941 -- January 3, 2003) was an American country and gospel songwriter.	Sharon Higgins	songwriter
occupation	Ben Sim (born 30 July 1985 in Cooma, New South Wales) is an Australian cross-country skier who has competed since 2002.	Ben Sim	cross-country skier
occupation	Franz Allers (August 6, 1905, Carlsbad, Austria-Hungary (now Czech Republic) -- January 26, 1995, Paradise, Nevada, U.S.) was a European-American conductor of ballet, opera, Broadway musicals, film scores, and symphony orchestras.	Franz Allers	conductor
occupation	Zendee Rose Tenerefe (Zendee Rose Japitana Tenerefe born on June 21, 1991) is a Filipina singer, who rose to prominence after a video of her singing a karaoke version of Whitney Houston's ``I Will Always Love You'' was put on YouTube.	Zendee Rose Tenerefe	singer
occupation	Rashawnna Guy (born January 3, 1975), better known by her stage name Shawnna, is an American rapper.	Shawnna	rapper
occupation	Emma Coburn (born October 19, 1990) is an American middle distance runner and the (2011, 12, 14, 15) United States National Champion in the 3000 meter steeplechase.	Emma Coburn	middle distance runner
occupation	Melvin Patrick Ely (born Richmond) is an American historian.	Melvin Patrick Ely	historian
occupation	Charles J. Suck was an 18th-century composer, oboist, and flutist who was active in London during the 1780s.	Charles J. Suck	composer	oboist
occupation	Pedro Abrunhosa (born December 20, 1960) is a Portuguese singer, musician and songwriter.	Pedro Abrunhosa	singer
occupation	Jim Culloty is a racehorse trainer and retired professional National Hunt jockey who won both the Cheltenham Gold Cup and Grand National in the same season.	Jim Culloty	jockey
occupation	John Merrow (born June 14, 1941) is an American broadcast journalist who has reported on education issues since the 1970s.	John Merrow	journalist
occupation	Kavitha Maloth (born 1981) is an Indian politician and an Member of Legislative Assembly from Mahbubabad constituency.	Kavitha Maloth	politician
occupation	Sara Lynn Darrow (born July 29, 1970) is a district judge on the United States District Court for the Central District of Illinois.	Sara Lynn Darrow	judge
occupation	Sandeep Das (born 1971) is an Indian tabla player and composer.	Sandeep Das	composer
occupation	Karine Haaland (born August 29, 1966 in Bergen) is a Norwegian comic strip creator, animator and illustrator, known for the comic strip Piray.	Karine Haaland	illustrator
occupation	Martin Wilhelm Kutta (German: (ˈkʊta); November 3, 1867 -- December 25, 1944) was a German mathematician.	Martin Wilhelm Kutta	mathematician
occupation	Ahmed Gabr (أحمد جبر in Arabic; born 9 November 1972) is an Egyptian scuba diver who holds the Guinness World Records for both The Deepest Scuba Dive (Male) and The Deepest Scuba Dive in Sea Water.	Ahmed Gabr	diver
occupation	Jacob Mishler (April 20, 1911 -- January 26, 2004) was a federal judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York.	Jacob Mishler	judge
occupation	Jean Shafiroff is an American philanthropist and socialite.	Jean Shafiroff	socialite
occupation	Martin Klebba (born June 23, 1969) is an American actor and stunt performer.	Martin Klebba	actor	stunt performer
occupation	David Pirie is a screenwriter, film producer, film critic, and novelist.	David Pirie	screenwriter	film producer	novelist
occupation	Diane Szmiett (born September 17, 1990) is a former Canadian competitive figure skater.	Diane Szmiett	figure skater
occupation	Marie Key Kristiansen better known as Marie Key is a Danish pop singer and songwriter.	Marie Key	singer
occupation	Vojtěch Rödl is a Czech mathematician, currently the Samuel Candler Dobbs Professor at Emory University, Atlanta, known for his work in combinatorics.	Vojtěch Rödl	mathematician
occupation	Sir Charles Otto Desmond MacCarthy FRSL (1877--1952) was a British literary critic and journalist; he was a member of the Cambridge Apostles, the intellectual secret society, from 1896.	Desmond MacCarthy	journalist
occupation	Sholom Gherman (born 1920) is a philosopher from Russia.	Sholom Gherman	philosopher
occupation	Gil Martins Felippe is a Brazilian scientist (Plant Physiology) and writer.	Gil Martins Felippe	writer
occupation	Avon Long (June 18, 1910 -- February 15, 1984) was an American Broadway actor and singer.	Avon Long	actor
occupation	Fritz Pauer (October 14, 1943 -- July 1, 2012) was an Austrian jazz pianist, composer, and bandleader.	Fritz Pauer	pianist	composer
occupation	Peter Cincotti is an American singer-songwriter.	Peter Cincotti	singer	songwriter
occupation	Lasha Gujejiani (Georgian:ლაშა გუჯეჯიანი)(born August 12, 1985) is a Georgian judoka.	Lasha Gujejiani	judoka
occupation	Michael Scholz (January 26, 1949) is a German singer, composer, and producer.	Michael Scholz	singer
occupation	Jamin ``Jay'' Pugh (born January 25, 1984) is an American professional wrestler best known by his ringname Jay Briscoe who is currently signed with Ring of Honor.	Jay Briscoe	professional wrestler
occupation	Bill Alter (born May 15, 1944) is a former Missouri Republican politician serving in the Missouri State Senate.	Bill Alter	politician
occupation	Judy Blye Wilson (born in Houston, Texas) is an American casting director known for her work on soap operas.	Judy Blye Wilson	casting director
occupation	Antonie Marinus Harthoorn, or 'Toni' Harthoorn (August 26, 1923 - April 23, 2012 ) was a veterinarian and environmentalist.	Antonie Marinus Harthoorn	veterinarian
occupation	Amanda Schull (born August 26, 1978) is an American actress and former professional ballet dancer.	Amanda Schull	ballet dancer
occupation	Tammi Terrell (born Thomasina Winifred Montgomery; April 29, 1945 -- March 16, 1970) was an American recording artist, best known as a star singer for Motown Records during the 1960s, most notably for a series of duets with singer Marvin Gaye.	Tammi Terrell	singer
occupation	Stephanie St. James is an American-born actress, singer, mentor, and advocate for the disease endometriosis.	Stephanie St. James	singer
occupation	Walter Tandy Murch (August 17, 1907 -- December 11, 1967) was a painter whose still life paintings of machine parts, brick fragments, clocks, broken dolls, hovering light bulbs and glowing lemons are an unusual combination of realism and abstraction.	Walter Tandy Murch	painter
occupation	Pan Chun-jung (simplified Chinese: 潘俊荣; traditional Chinese: 潘俊榮; pinyin: Pān Jùnróng, born January 2, 1983 in Taiwan) is a Taiwanese baseball player who currently plays for Uni-President Lions of Chinese Professional Baseball League.	Pan Chun-jung	baseball player
occupation	Fabien Poulin (January 3, 1928 -- March 7, 2005) was a Canadian provincial politician and physician.	Fabien Poulin	politician
occupation	Enoch Teye Mensah (born 17 May 1946) is a politician and the Ghanaian Minister for Employment and Social Welfare.	Enoch Teye Mensah	politician
occupation	Maues (Greek (epigraphically): Μαύης; r. 85--60 BCE) was an Indo-Scythian king who invaded the Indo-Greek territories.	Maues	king
occupation	Thorold Barker (born August 14, 1971) is a notable British financial journalist and author who was based in New York City before assuming the editorship of the Wall Street Journal's European Edition in March 2013.	Thorold Barker	journalist
occupation	Sid Melton (May 22, 1917 -- November 2, 2011) was an American actor, best known for his roles as incompetent carpenter Alf Monroe in the CBS sitcom Green Acres and as Uncle Charlie Halper, proprietor of the Copa Club, in Make Room for Daddy and its spin-offs.	Sid Melton	actor
occupation	Teri W. Odom is an American chemist and materials scientist.	Teri W. Odom	chemist
occupation	Elizabeth Frawley Bagley (born July 13, 1952) is an American attorney specializing in trade and international law, a diplomat, and a major Democratic party donor and fundraiser.	Elizabeth Frawley Bagley	diplomat
occupation	Mark Thornton is an American economist of the Austrian School.	Mark Thornton	economist
occupation	Elizabeth Bessem Ayamo Manga (November 27, 1948 -- July 1, 2011), also known as Bébé Manga, was a Cameroonian makossa singer whose best-known song is ``Ami O''.	Bébé Manga	singer
occupation	Thom Wilson (died February 8, 2015) was an American punk rock record producer and engineer.	Thom Wilson	record producer
occupation	Roger Sharpe is a public servant, author and North Carolina politician.	Roger Sharpe	politician
occupation	Vakill (born Donald Mason, March 21, 1975) is an American rapper from Chicago, Illinois.	Vakill	rapper
occupation	Donald Ferguson Brown (June 30, 1903 -- October 8, 1959) was a Canadian politician, barrister and lawyer.	Donald Ferguson Brown	politician
occupation	John Shirley (born 10 February 1953) is an American writer, primarily of fantasy and science fiction and songwriting.	John Shirley	writer
occupation	Ranya Mordanova (Russian: Раня Морданова; born Raniya Ramilevna Mordanova on July 18, 1991) is a Russian fashion model.	Ranya Mordanova	model
occupation	Helmut Hödl (born November 16, 1968, in Oberwart) is an Austrian clarinetist and composer.	Helmut Hödl	composer
occupation	Adam Martin Wyant (September 15, 1869 -- January 5, 1935) was an American politician who served as Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.	Adam Martin Wyant	politician
occupation	Bal Chandra Misra is an Indian politician from Kanpur city of Uttar Pradesh.	Bal Chandra Misra	politician
occupation	Sam Swope is an author and the 2006 Thurber House children's writer in residence.	Sam Swope	writer
occupation	Herbert Arthur Chamberlayne Blythe (September 21, 1849 -- March 25, 1905)--stage name Maurice Barrymore--was a British-born stage actor.	Maurice Barrymore	actor
occupation	Wayne Duvall (born May 29, 1958) is an American actor, known for playing Homer Stokes in O Brother Where Art Thou?, Coach Ferguson in Leatherheads and Ned Guston in Duplicity.	Wayne Duvall	actor
occupation	Henry Smith Williams was a medical doctor, lawyer, and author of a number of books on medicine, history, and science.	Henry Smith Williams	author
occupation	Mike Holober is an American jazz pianist.	Mike Holober	pianist
occupation	Maurice FitzGerald, 18th Knight of Kerry (29 December 1774 -- 7 March 1849) was an hereditary knight and an Irish Whig politician.	Maurice FitzGerald, 18th Knight of Kerry	politician
occupation	Edward H. Larkin was a Massachusetts politician who served as the tenth mayor of Medford, Massachusetts.	Edward H. Larkin	politician
occupation	Mihailo Čanak (Serbian Cyrillic: Михаило Чанак) was a Serbian architect and researcher.	Mihailo Čanak	architect
occupation	Heinrich Steinhöwel (also Steinhauel or Steinheil) was a Swabian author, humanist, and translator who was much inspired by the Italian Renaissance.	Heinrich Steinhöwel	translator
occupation	Donnell Whittenburg is an American artistic gymnast who won a bronze medal at the 2014 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships.	Donnell Whittenburg	artistic gymnast
occupation	Cato Perkins was an African-American slave from Charleston, South Carolina who became a missionary to Sierra Leone.	Cato Perkins	missionary
occupation	John Rice Irwin (born December 11, 1930) is an American cultural historian, and founder of the Museum of Appalachia in Norris, Tennessee.	John Rice Irwin	historian
occupation	Jean Bazin (born January 31, 1940) is a Canadian lawyer and former senator.	Jean Bazin	lawyer
occupation	Charles Giblyn (September 6, 1871 -- March 14, 1934) was an American film director and actor of the silent era.	Charles Giblyn	film director	actor
occupation	Agustín Fuentes is an American primatologist and biological anthropologist whose work focuses largely on human and non-human primate interaction, pathogen transfer, communication, cooperation, and human social evolution.	Agustín Fuentes	anthropologist
occupation	Ryan Cranston is a professional lacrosse player and advocate for cancer patients.	Ryan Cranston	lacrosse player
occupation	Alberto Capitta currently lives and works in Sassari as an actor and playwright.	Alberto Capitta	actor
occupation	Fred A. Smith (c.1913 -- June 28, 1951) was a Cuban American jockey in Thoroughbred horse racing best remembered for narrowly missing victory in the 1940 U.S. Triple Crown.	Fred A. Smith	jockey
occupation	Olga Pikhienko (born February 11, 1980) is a circus performer who specializes in handbalancing and contortion.	Olga Pikhienko	circus performer
occupation	Fredric Rieders (July 9, 1922 -- November 26, 2005) was an internationally renowned forensic toxicologist.	Fredric Rieders	toxicologist
occupation	José Antonio Romualdo Pacheco, Jr. (October 31, 1831 -- January 23, 1899) was a Californio politician and diplomat.	Romualdo Pacheco	politician	diplomat
occupation	Deborah Jeanne Dawkins is an American politician who is currently a Democratic member of the Mississippi Senate, representing the 48th District since 1999.	Deborah Jeanne Dawkins	politician
occupation	Kortney Nash (born January 29, 2002) is an American child actress and model.	Kortney Nash	model
occupation	Cecil Duane Crabb (May 23, 1890 -- April 27, 1953) was an American composer of ragtime music and a member of Indianapolis group of ragtime composers.	Cecil Duane Crabb	composer
occupation	Kip Koenig is an American film and television producer and screenwriter.	Kip Koenig	screenwriter
occupation	Emms adopted the name Hetty King when she first appeared on the stage of the Shoreditch Theatre, at the age of six with her father, William Emms (1856--1954), a comedian who used the stage name of Will King.	Hetty King	comedian
occupation	Joseph Suglia is a screenwriter, novelist, and producer.	Joseph Suglia	novelist
occupation	Tobias Frere-Jones (born Tobias Edgar Mallory Jones, 1970) is an American type designer who works in New York City.	Tobias Frere-Jones	type designer
occupation	J-EyE (pronounced ``jay-i'') is an American record producer, songwriter, singer and rapper from Brooklyn, New York.	J-EyE	songwriter
occupation	Piotr Kowalski was an artist, sculptor, and architect.	Piotr Kowalski	sculptor	architect
occupation	Adelheid Mers (born 1960, Düsseldorf, Germany) is a visual artist, Associate Professor, and the Chair of the Department of Arts Administration and Policy at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago, Chicago, IL.	Adelheid Mers	artist
occupation	Mihir Desai is a human rights lawyer in cases of mass murders & riots, fake encounter & custodial deaths by the police, police brutality, freedom of speech & journalists, political activists & prisoners of conscience, excesses by the state, mass disappearances & deaths and genocide probes.	Mihir Desai	lawyer
occupation	The Master of the Beighem Altarpiece is a little-known Flemish painter who was active in Brussels during the first third of the sixteenth century.	Master of the Beighem Altarpiece	painter
occupation	Heinrich Freiherr von Stackelberg (October 31, 1905 - October 12, 1946) was a German economist who contributed to game theory and industrial organization and is known for the Stackelberg leadership model.	Heinrich Freiherr von Stackelberg	economist
occupation	Paul Eric Bosko, also known as Rosko, is an American singer, songwriter, musician and producer.	Rosko	singer, songwriter
occupation	Eddie Carroll (September 5, 1933 -- April 6, 2010) was a Canadian voice actor who is best known as the second performer to provide the voice for Jiminy Cricket, a role he played for over 35 years.	Eddie Carroll	actor
occupation	Marie-Claude Asselin is a Canadian former freestyle skier competing from 1977 to 1982.	Marie-Claude Asselin	freestyle skier
occupation	Hermann Kopp (born August 21, 1954 in Stuttgart) is a German composer and musician, presently living in Barcelona, Spain.	Hermann Kopp	composer
occupation	Jerry Chamberlain is an American singer, songwriter, guitarist, and producer, best known for his work with the rock bands Daniel Amos and The Swirling Eddies (credited as ``Spot'').	Jerry Chamberlain	singer, songwriter
occupation	Isireli Leweniqila is a former Fijian politician, who served in the Cabinet as Minister for Information and Communications.	Isireli Leweniqila	politician
occupation	Titie Said was the pen name of Sitti Raya Kusumowardani (July 11, 1935 -- October 24, 2011), an Indonesian writer and journalist.	Titie Said	writer
occupation	Anthony James Jude Villegas Arias, better known for his stage name Junji Arias, is a Filipino record producer, composer, singer, and was the former vocalist and chief songwriter for the band, Excerpts (1993-1999) and Velcro (1999-2008).	Junji Arias	composer	singer
occupation	Arthur Okamura (February 24, 1932 - July 10, 2009) was an American artist, working in screen printing, drawing and painting.	Arthur Okamura	artist
occupation	Sverre Valen (born 9 May 1925) is a Norwegian retired choir conductor.	Sverre Valen	conductor
occupation	Elizabeth L. Gleicher is a judge of the Michigan Court of Appeals, 2nd district.	Elizabeth L. Gleicher	judge
occupation	Jeffrey Katzenberg (born December 21, 1950) is an American businessman, film studio executive and film producer.	Jeffrey Katzenberg	film producer
occupation	Lawrence Wendell ``Larry'' Pfohl (born June 2, 1958) better known by his ring name, Lex Luger, is an American retired professional wrestler, television producer and football player currently working with WWE on their wellness policy.	Lex Luger	professional wrestler
occupation	William Eustis (June 10, 1753 -- February 6, 1825) was an early American physician, politician, and statesman from Massachusetts.	William Eustis	politician
occupation	Ferenc Joachim (May 21, 1882 - September 16, 1964) was a Hungarian (Magyar) painter of portraits and landscapes in oil, watercolors and pastels on canvas, board and paper.	Ferenc Joachim	painter
occupation	Frederick Harris Rowe (November 10, 1923 -- September 8, 2013) was an American politician, businessman, and lawyer.	Harris Rowe	politician	lawyer
occupation	Brent Primus (born April 12, 1985) is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in Bellator's lightweight division.	Brent Primus	mixed martial artist
occupation	Hershey Felder (born July 9, 1968) is a Canadian pianist, actor, playwright, composer, producer, and director.	Hershey Felder	composer
occupation	Nihal Nelson is a Sri Lankan baila singer.	Nihal Nelson	singer
occupation	Ian Verner Macdonald is a former Canadian trade diplomat and entrepreneur, known for his controversial associations with far-right figures and groups.	Ian Verner Macdonald	diplomat
occupation	Malcolm Dick, a.k.a. Squire Malcolm of Lumley, is an English rock drummer and classical percussionist.	Malcolm Dick	drummer
occupation	Paramount Chief Bai Koblo Pathbana II was a Sierra Leonean paramount chief and politician.	Bai Koblo Pathbana II	politician
occupation	Martin Levan is a music producer and sound engineer who, during the 1980s and 1990s, designed the sound for many of the major musicals in the West End of London.	Martin Levan	engineer
occupation	David Corn (born February 20, 1959) is an American liberal political journalist and author and the chief of the Washington bureau for Mother Jones.	David Corn	journalist
occupation	Cory Branan (born 12/15/1974) is an American singer-songwriter, born in Southaven, Mississippi.	Cory Branan	singer-songwriter
occupation	Nathan Penlington (born in Rhyl, North Wales), is a writer, poet, live literature producer and magician.	Nathan Penlington	poet
occupation	Murray MacLeod (born September 9, 1940) is an American actor, television and film composer, and singer who, along with his sister, Melinda, and Roger Nichols, formed the Small Circle of Friends (Roger Nichols Trio).	Murray MacLeod	actor	composer	singer
occupation	Joe Pacheco (born February 19, 1985) is an American mixed martial artist of Puerto Rican and Belizean descent who competes in Bellator's middleweight division.	Joe Pacheco	mixed martial artist
occupation	Jessica Eriyo, sometimes spelled Jesca Eriyo, is a Ugandan educator, social worker, politician and diplomat.	Jessica Eriyo	politician	diplomat
occupation	Sepp Dostthaler is a German former bobsledder who competed in the mid-1990s.	Sepp Dostthaler	bobsledder
occupation	Philip Press is an American jewelry designer, known for his platinum jewelry designs and expertise.	Philip Press	jewelry designer
occupation	Giovanni Maria Alemanni (also Joannis Marie, Gian Maria, etc.) (fl. 1st quarter of the 16th century) was an Italian composer and lutenist.	Giovanni Maria Alemanni	composer
occupation	Michael Shabaz (born August 20, 1987) is an Assyrian- American tennis player who won the 2005 Wimbledon boys' doubles championship with Jesse Levine.	Michael Shabaz	tennis player
occupation	Filippos Pliatsikas (Greek: Φίλιππος Πλιάτσικας) was the main composer, lyricist, and lead singer of the Entekhno rock group Pyx Lax (Πυξ Λαξ) and is now a solo artist.	Filippos Pliatsikas	composer	singer
occupation	Nicholas Urie (born July 29, 1985 in Los Angeles, California) is an American composer of jazz and classical music.	Nicholas Urie	composer
occupation	Harsh Chhaya is an Indian television and Bollywood film actor.	Harsh Chhaya	actor
occupation	Johnny Nicol is a jazz singer born in Ayr, Queensland.	Johnny Nicol	singer
occupation	Miro Weinberger (born February 25, 1970) is an American politician and the incumbent mayor of Burlington, Vermont.	Miro Weinberger	politician
occupation	Danielle Walker (born February 1985) is an American writer, founder and editor of the gluten and grain-free food blog Against All Grain, and the best-selling cookbook of the same name.	Danielle Walker	writer
occupation	Tanya Barfield is an African-American playwright whose works have been presented both nationally and internationally.	Tanya Barfield	playwright
occupation	Michael Angottitauruq Sr. (born 1951) is a former territorial and municipal level politician.	Michael Angottitauruq	politician
occupation	Suki Schorer is an American ballet dancer, ballet mistress, teacher, and writer.	Suki Schorer	ballet dancer	teacher	writer
occupation	Martin Pakledinaz (September 1, 1953 -- July 8, 2012) was an American costume designer for stage and film.	Martin Pakledinaz	costume designer
occupation	Meena Kapoor was a playback singer in Hindi cinema, during the 1940s and 1950s, singing hits such as ``Rasiya Re Man Basiya Re'' from Pardesi (1957) and 'Kachhi hai Umariya' picturised on Meena Kumari in Char Dil Char Rahen (1959).	Meena Kapoor	singer
occupation	Ossian is based on Oisín, son of Finn or Fionn mac Cumhaill, anglicised to Finn McCool, a legendary bard who is a character in Irish mythology.	Ossian	bard
occupation	Szczepan Lewna is a politician and Kashubian activist.	Szczepan Lewna	politician
occupation	Mary Jo Slater (born Mary Jo Lawton; April 19, 1946) is an American casting director and producer for film, television and theatre.	Mary Jo Slater	casting director
occupation	William Morehay (fl. 1402-1407) of Exeter, Devon, was an English politician.	William Morehay	politician
occupation	Paul Bernstein (aka Pal) is a Physical Theatre artist, playwright and performer who shows his work primarily in the U.S. and Europe.	Paul Bernstein	playwright
occupation	John Banvard (November 15, 1815 -- May 16, 1891) was a US panorama and portrait painter known for his panoramic views of the Mississippi River Valley.	John Banvard	painter
occupation	Pranay Vivek Patil ((ˈpraːɳəj ˈpaːtil); (born 1986)) is an Indian politician.	Pranay Vivek Patil	politician
occupation	Ayesha Gaddafi (or Aisha, Arabic: عائشة القذافي‎, born December 25, 1976), also known as Aicha Al-Kadhafi, is a former Libyan mediator and military official, former UN Goodwill Ambassador, and lawyer by profession.	Ayesha Gaddafi	lawyer
occupation	Joseph Seamon Cotter, Jr. (September 2, 1895- February 3, 1919) was an American playwright, author and poet from Louisville, Kentucky most remembered for his posthumously published one-act play On The Fields of France in addition to numerous volumes of poetry.	Joseph Seamon Cotter, Jr.	playwright
occupation	Giacomo Coltrini (16th century) was an Italian painter, active mainly in a Renaissance style in Brescia, and a military engineer for Venetian Republic.	Giacomo Coltrini	painter	engineer
occupation	Dr. Ernst Freese (September 27, 1925 - March 30, 1990) was a molecular biologist who worked on the mechanism of mutations in DNA.	Ernst Freese	molecular biologist
occupation	Ekaterina Degot (Екатерина Дёготь; b. December 2, 1958, Moscow) is a Russian art historian, art writer, and curator based in Moscow.	Ekaterina Degot	art historian
occupation	Lucius Tarutius Firmanus (or Lucius Tarutius of Firmum) (unkn-fl. 86 BC) was a Roman philosopher, mathematician, and astrologer (Taruntius or Tarrutius are also used, but are incorrect).	Lucius Tarutius Firmanus	astrologer
occupation	Monica Allison is an actress and voice actor.	Monica Allison	actor
occupation	It was at this point that fellow musician and songwriter Yusuf Haji Adan dubbed her Magool (meaning ``flower''), a nickname by which she would come to be popularly known.	Magool	musician
occupation	Elizabeth Gage is an award-winning British jewellery designer and trained master goldsmith who has been creating collectable jewellery for over 50 years.	Elizabeth Gage	goldsmith
occupation	Himla Soodyall is a South African human geneticist involved in finding some of the oldest human genetic lines.	Himla Soodyall	geneticist
occupation	Larissa Loyva is a Canadian indie pop singer-songwriter and keyboardist.	Larissa Loyva	singer
occupation	Wendy Moten (born November 22, 1965, Memphis, Tennessee) is an American singer, best known for the single ``Come in Out of the Rain'', which was a No. 8 hit in the UK in February 1994.	Wendy Moten	singer
occupation	Jodie deSolla (born April 11, 1982, in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian curler from New Brunswick.	Jodie deSolla	curler
occupation	Shauna O'Brien (born October 17, 1970) is an American model and actress (in both B-movies and adult films).	Shauna O'Brien	model
occupation	A. E. Clarke was a Victorian architect who emigrated to Western Australia in the late 1890s, and practiced in Kalgoorlie.	A. E. Clarke	architect
occupation	Lance Norris (born August 9, 1962) is an American actor/writer/director/stand-up comic/critic/mentalist.	Lance Norris	actor
occupation	Angelina Helen Catherine Cordovano (June 28, 1936--November 22, 1988), known professionally as Cathy Carr, was an American pop singer.	Cathy Carr	singer
occupation	Jan de Baen (20 February 1633 -- 1702) was a Dutch portrait painter who lived during the Dutch Golden Age.	Jan de Baen	painter
occupation	Dana Hanley is an American politician, attorney and jurst from Maine.	Dana Hanley	politician
occupation	Ralf Metzenmacher (born July 26, 1964) is a German painter and designer.	Ralf Metzenmacher	painter
occupation	James Luther Adams (November 12, 1901 -- July 26, 1994), an American professor at Harvard Divinity School, Andover Newton Theological School, and Meadville Lombard Theological School, and a Unitarian parish minister, was the most influential theologian among American Unitarian Universalists in the 20th century.	James Luther Adams	theologian
occupation	Zbignev Balcevič pol. Zbigniew Balcewicz (born July 27, 1946) is a Polish-Lithuanian politician.	Zbignev Balcevič	politician
occupation	Steve Van Wormer (born December 8, 1969) is an American actor, comedian and voice actor.	Steve Van Wormer	actor
occupation	Prithvi Rajan is a Tamil film actor, who has appeared in leading roles.	Prithvi Rajan	actor
occupation	Ugo Correani (1935 - 1992) was an Italian fashion designer specializing in accessories and jewelry design.	Ugo Correani	fashion designer
occupation	Philippe Béha (born 1950) is a Moroccan-born children's book writer and illustrator living in Quebec.	Philippe Béha	writer	illustrator
occupation	Thomas Lacey (born September 22, 1993) is an Australian actor, singer, and dancer.	Thomas Lacey	actor
occupation	Eugen Steinach (January 28, 1861 -- May 14, 1944) was a leading Austrian physiologist and pioneer in endocrinology.	Eugen Steinach	physiologist
occupation	William Lowther Jackson, Jr. (February 3, 1825 -- March 26, 1890) was an American politician and Lieutenant Governor of Virginia who also served as a Confederate general during the American Civil War.	William Lowther Jackson	politician
occupation	Joseph Peter Breck (March 13, 1929 -- February 6, 2012) was an American character actor of stage, television, and film.	Peter Breck	actor
occupation	Arignote or Arignota (Greek: Ἀριγνώτη, Arignṓtē) was a Pythagorean philosopher from Croton who flourished around the year 500 BC. She was known as a student of Pythagoras and Theano and, according to some traditions, their daughter as well.	Arignote	philosopher
occupation	Dr. Hamid Khan Achakzai (Pashto: حامد خان اڅکزی‎; Urdu: حامد خان اچکزئی‎) is a Pakistani politician from Balochistan affiliated with the Pakhtunkhwa Milli Awami Party (PkMAP).	Hamid Khan Achakzai	politician
occupation	Maeve Harris (born September 1, 1976) is a Seattle-based American abstract painter noted for merging ``nature and the abstract''.	Maeve Harris	painter
occupation	Created by Bob Kane, the original Clayface (Basil Karlo) was a B-movie actor who began a life of crime using the identity of a villain he portrayed in a horror film.	Clayface	actor
occupation	Asher Lopatin (born September 1, 1964) is an American Open Orthodox rabbi.	Asher Lopatin	rabbi
occupation	Stuart Broomer is a Canadian editor, music critic, pianist, writer, jazz historian, and composer.	Stuart Broomer	composer
occupation	Nicholas Gunn, also known as Nick Gunn, is a classically trained musician and music producer.	Nicholas Gunn	musician
occupation	Rodney Kageyama is an American stage, film and TV actor.	Rodney Kageyama	actor
occupation	Grant Geissman (born April 13, 1953) is a crossover jazz, contemporary jazz and new-age guitarist and an Emmy-nominated composer for network TV series and TV movies.	Grant Geissman	composer
occupation	Duncan Birmingham is a writer, director and actor living in Los Angeles.	Duncan Birmingham	writer	actor
occupation	Joginder (real name Joginder Shelly) was an Indian actor, director, producer, writer, singer, songwriter and distributor.	Joginder	actor	singer
occupation	Todd Blythe (born March 31, 1985) is a former gridiron football player who played in the Arena Football League (NFL).	Todd Blythe	gridiron football player
occupation	Marc Capdevila Pons (born May 12, 1974) is a former breaststroke swimmer from Spain.	Marc Capdevila	swimmer
occupation	Petra Stunt (née Ecclestone; born 19 December 1988) is a British-born heiress, model, fashion designer and socialite.	Petra Stunt	model
occupation	José Henrique Duarte Mendes (born August 7, 1947, Lisbon) is a former Portuguese captain and singer.	Duarte Mendes	singer
occupation	Homer Augustus Nelson (August 31, 1829 -- April 25, 1891) was an American politician and soldier from the state of New York.	Homer Augustus Nelson	politician
occupation	Paul Sordes was a painter and a member of Les Apaches, a group of artists in early 20th-century Paris whose most famous member was Maurice Ravel; it was at his home that the group regularly met on Saturdays.	Paul Sordes	painter
occupation	Bernard Judge (born June 9, 1931) is an American architect whose work in Southern California and French Polynesia is focused on environmental planning, modern architecture, and historic preservation.	Bernard Judge	architect
occupation	Yashodhar Mathpal (born 1939) is an Indian archaeologist, painter, curator, Gandhian and Rock art conservationist.	Yashodhar Mathpal	archaeologist	painter
occupation	Austin Watson (born September 4, 1986) is an American professional wrestler, who is currently signed to WWE under the ring name Xavier Woods as of February 2016.	Austin Watson	professional wrestler
occupation	Juan Carlos Zorzi, (November 11, 1935 -- August 21, 1999) was an Argentine musician, composer, and orchestra director.	Juan Carlos Zorzi	composer
occupation	Roy Davis Jr. is an American musician from Chicago, Illinois, specialising in house music.	Roy Davis Jr.	musician
occupation	Ricky R. Grundy (January 30, 1959 -- July 27, 2015), who went by the stage name Rickey Grundy, was an American gospel musician and leader of The Rickey Grundy Chorale.	Rickey Grundy	musician
occupation	JoAnn Falletta (born February 27, 1954 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American classical musician and orchestral conductor.	JoAnn Falletta	conductor
occupation	F. Gary Simpson is an American politician and a Republican member of the Delaware Senate since January 12, 1999, representing District 18.	F. Gary Simpson	politician
occupation	James McDonald Gardiner (May 22, 1857 -- November 25, 1925) was an American architect, lay Anglican church missionary and educator who lived and worked in Japan during the Meiji period.	James McDonald Gardiner	architect
occupation	Murray Grierson, is a Scottish rally driver from Dalbeattie.	Murray Grierson	rally driver
occupation	Yasmin Ratansi (born January 4, 1951) is a Canadian politician, who represented the riding of Don Valley East in the Canadian House of Commons from 2004 to 2011, and again from 2015.	Yasmin Ratansi	politician
occupation	Henry Eaton Moore was an American composer born in Andover, New Hampshire on July 21, 1803.	Henry Eaton Moore	composer
occupation	Robert Christopher Riley (born October 11, 1980) is a Trinidadian-American film, television, and stage actor.	Robert Christopher Riley	actor
occupation	Zhou Xuan (August 1, 1918 -- September 22, 1957), also romanized as Chow Hsuan, was an iconic Chinese singer and film actress.	Zhou Xuan	singer
occupation	Marek Zvelebil, FSA (1952--2011) was a Czech-Dutch archaeologist and prehistorian, considered amongst ``the most important and influential archaeological thinkers of his generation''.	Marek Zvelebil	archaeologist	prehistorian
occupation	Meenu Thakur (born July 1, 1972) is an Indian Kuchipudi dance exponent and choreographer.	Meenu Thakur	choreographer
occupation	Carol Sobieski (March 16, 1939 -- November 4, 1990) was an American screenwriter whose work included the scripts for Annie (1982) and Fried Green Tomatoes (1991).	Carol Sobieski	screenwriter
occupation	Herenaus Haid was a German Roman Catholic clergyman, teacher, catechist and author.	Herenaus Haid	author
occupation	Mama Ohandja is a Cameroonian singer, musical arranger, dancer and choreographer.	Mama Ohandja	singer
occupation	Roger Tiegs (born on June 18, 1972), better known by his stage name, Infernus, is a Norwegian black metal musician and Satanist.	Infernus	musician
occupation	Dom Perno (born in New Haven, Connecticut) is an American basketball coach and former associate athletic director at George Washington University.	Dom Perno	basketball coach
occupation	Ilir Latifi (Albanian pronunciation: (ɪˈlɪɾ lɒˈtcifi); can be written as Illir Latyiphi; born July 28, 1983) is a Swedish mixed martial artist who competes in the light heavyweight division of the UFC.	Ilir Latifi	mixed martial artist
occupation	Bernard Schubert was an American screenwriter and television producer during the early sound era of film and early days of television.	Bernard Schubert	screenwriter	television producer
occupation	Masaharu Yamada (山田 政晴; born May 1, 1980 in Gunma) is a Japanese weightlifter.	Masaharu Yamada	weightlifter
occupation	Benjamín Vicuña Mackenna (August 25, 1831 -- January 25, 1886) was a Chilean writer, journalist, historian and politician.	Benjamín Vicuña Mackenna	journalist	historian	politician
occupation	Duane Michals (/ˈmaɪkəls/; born February 18, 1932) is an American photographer.	Duane Michals	photographer
occupation	Clyde Waddell was an American military photographer known for his photographs of Calcutta in 1945.	Clyde Waddell	photographer
occupation	Peya Mushelenga is a Namibian politician and poet.	Peya Mushelenga	politician
occupation	Thomas Jefferson Murray (August 1, 1894 -- November 28, 1971), usually known as Tom J. Murray, was an American politician and a Democratic U.S. Representative from Tennessee from 1943 to 1966.	Tom J. Murray	politician
occupation	Greg Kotis is a New York-based playwright, who specializes in dark, disturbing comedies with socially relevant themes.	Greg Kotis	playwright
occupation	Larry Schmittou (born July 19, 1940) is an American entrepreneur and former baseball executive and coach.	Larry Schmittou	entrepreneur
occupation	Don O'Kelly, (March 17, 1924 -- October 2, 1966) was an American actor prominent in the 1950s and 1960s mostly on television.	Don O'Kelly	actor
occupation	Tan Teng Kee or Battling Key was a professional boxer from Singapore and former two time Malayan Lightweight Champion.	Tan Teng Kee	boxer
occupation	Cheryl Strayed (/ˈstreɪd/; née Nyland; born September 17, 1968) is an American memoirist, novelist, and essayist.	Cheryl Strayed	essayist
occupation	Gagan Biyani is an Indian American serial entrepreneur, marketer, and journalist.	Gagan Biyani	entrepreneur	journalist
occupation	Joe Bridgewater was an American soul jazz/R&B trumpeter, probably better known for his recordings with Ray Charles.	Joe Bridgewater	trumpeter
occupation	Otakar Odložilík (January 12, 1899 -- July 14, 1973) was a Czech historian and archivist who wrote numerous books and papers on the history of Protestantism in Bohemia and Moravia.	Otakar Odložilík	historian
occupation	Amos Edwin Botsford, PC (September 5, 1804 -- March 22, 1894) was a Canadian farmer, judge, politician, and businessman.	Amos Edwin Botsford	politician
occupation	James Berardinelli (born September 25, 1967) is an American online film critic.	James Berardinelli	film critic
occupation	Amanda Lepore (born December 5, 1967) is an American model, socialite, singer and performance artist.	Amanda Lepore	model
occupation	Charles Gidley Wheeler (1938--2010), also known as Charles Gidley, was a television screenwriter and historical novelist whose work has been acclaimed in Publishers Weekly, The Washington Post, Kirkus Reviews, and The New York Times.	Charles Gidley Wheeler	screenwriter
occupation	Sayyid Shahab od-Din Sadr (Persian: سید شهاب‌الدین صدر‎‎) is an Iranian physician and principlist politician.	Shahab od-Din Sadr	physician	politician
occupation	Saifeddine Nejmaoui (born May 5, 1981) is a Tunisian boxer who won the lightweight division at the 2007 All-Africa Games and twice competed at the Olympic Games: 2004 and 2008.	Saifeddine Nejmaoui	boxer
occupation	Mary Weiss (born December 28, 1948) is an American pop music vocalist, best known as the lead singer of The Shangri-Las in the 1960s.	Mary Weiss	singer
occupation	Cheryl Barnes is a singer who starred in Miloš Forman's 1979 film adaptation of Hair as the mother of Hud's little son.	Cheryl Barnes	singer
occupation	In addition to writing poetry, Einar Bragi also translated poetry ``from virtually all European languages,'' including English, French and Scandinavian languages (Swedish, Norwegian, Sami, Greenlandic, etc.), and acquired a reputation as a translator.	Einar Bragi	translator
occupation	Robert James Byrd (July 1, 1930 -- July 27, 1990), known by the stage name Bobby Day, was an American rock and roll and R&B musician.	Bobby Day	musician
occupation	Adam Nagourney (born October 10, 1954) is an American journalist covering U.S. politics for The New York Times.	Adam Nagourney	journalist
occupation	Arne Risa (born 5 May 1944) is a former Norwegian long-distance runner who specialized in 3000 metres steeplechase and 10,000 metres.	Arne Risa	long-distance runner
occupation	Doctor Val Noone is an Australian historian who has written extensively on social history and has a particular interest in the history of the Irish language in the south-east of Australia in its social, cultural and linguistic aspects.	Val Noone	historian
occupation	Casimir Zagourski (in Polish Kazimierz Zagórski) (1883--1944) was a pioneering photographer of Central African peoples and customs.	Casimir Zagourski	photographer
occupation	Gary Cowton (born 30 December 1952) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) as well as having stints with Footscray and South Melbourne.	Gary Cowton	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Sophia Tolli is an Australian fashion designer specializing in wedding and special occasion gowns.	Sophia Tolli	fashion designer
occupation	Meghan McCarthy is an American screenwriter, lyricist, and producer for several animated television shows, in particular My Little Pony:	Meghan McCarthy	screenwriter
occupation	Péter Ágh (born January 30, 1982) is a Hungarian politician and member of the National Assembly (MP) since 2006.	Péter Ágh	politician
occupation	Sandrine Ilendou (born November 19, 1983) is a Gabonese judoka, who played for the extra-lightweight category.	Sandrine Ilendou	judoka
occupation	Irish Bob Murphy (July 22, 1922 -- August 17, 1961) was an Irish-American light heavyweight boxer who fought from 1945 to 1954.	Irish Bob Murphy	boxer
occupation	Jacques Bar (12 Sept 1912 - 2009) was a French film producer who made more than 80 films.	Jacques Bar	film producer
occupation	Ritu Menon is an Indian feminist, writer and publisher.	Ritu Menon	writer	publisher
occupation	Montague Ullman (September 9, 1916 -- June 7, 2008) was a psychiatrist, psychoanalyst and parapsychologist who founded the Dream Laboratory at the Maimonides Medical Center in Brooklyn, New York and for over three decades actively promoted public interest in dreams and dream sharing groups.	Montague Ullman	psychiatrist
occupation	Gary Pavkovich (born August 8, 1968), is a South African photographer best known for his controversial series ``Black/White'', depicting the ravages HIV/AIDS has inflicted on the people of Sub Saharan Africa.	Gary Pavkovich	photographer
occupation	Tabla Nani (Kannada: ತಬಲ ನಾಣಿ) is an Indian theatre and film actor who works primarily in Kannada cinema.	Tabla Nani	actor
occupation	Lance Guma is a Zimbabwean broadcast journalist on the independent radio station, SW Radio Africa.	Lance Guma	journalist
occupation	Onchanh Phetsalath is a Laotian politician and colonel in the Lao Army.	Onchanh Phetsalath	politician
occupation	Richard Boyd Barrett (born 1967) is an Irish politician who has been a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dún Laoghaire constituency since 2011.	Richard Boyd Barrett	politician
occupation	Amanda Richards (born April 25, 1983) is an American singer-songwriter from Portland, Oregon, who combines elements of folk, country, rock, and blues in her music.	Amanda Richards	singer-songwriter
occupation	Han Kyoo-hee (Hangul: 한규희; born March 29, 1944 -- died December 18, 2014) is a South Korean voice actor.	Han Kyoo-hee	actor
occupation	Madhav Manjunath Shanbhag was an Indian lawyer and activist on behalf of the Konkani-speaking people.	Madhav Manjunath Shanbhag	lawyer
occupation	Ariel Salleh is an Australian sociologist who writes on humanity-nature relations, social change movements, and ecofeminism.	Ariel Salleh	sociologist
occupation	Arthur Lovett Garford (August 4, 1858 -- January 23, 1933) was a noted industrialist, inventor, and politician.	Arthur Lovett Garford	politician
occupation	Peter Yarrow (born May 31, 1938) is an American singer and songwriter who found fame with the 1960s folk music trio Peter, Paul and Mary.	Peter Yarrow	singer and songwriter
occupation	Karla Tritten (born April 17, 1978) is a Canadian Paralympic wheelchair basketball player and teacher at the Victoria School of the Arts.	Karla Tritten	basketball player
occupation	Anne Marshall married an actor named Peter Quin, or Gwyn, probably in 1665; she resumed her stage career as Mrs. Quin once the theatres re-opened after the plague epidemic and the Great Fire of 1665--66.	Anne Marshall	actor
occupation	Prof. Dr. Hansjoerg Dittus is a German physicist whose fields of expertise are gravitational physics, metrology, inertial sensors.	Hansjoerg Dittus	physicist
occupation	Aleksander Kunileid (born Aleksander Saebelmann), was an Estonian composer.	Aleksander Kunileid	composer
occupation	Orval Hobart Mowrer (January 23, 1907 -- June 20, 1982) was an American psychologist and professor of psychology at the University of Illinois from 1948 to 1975 known for his research on behaviour therapy.	Orval Hobart Mowrer	psychologist
occupation	Kim Bridgford is an award-winning poet, editor, college professor, fiction writer, and critic.	Kim Bridgford	poet
occupation	Stefan Mazrocis (born 18 April 1967 in Blaby, Leicester) is a former professional Dutch snooker player.	Stefan Mazrocis	snooker player
occupation	George W. Orff was an American architect of Bangor, Maine and Minnesota.	George W. Orff	architect
occupation	Abraham Lichtstein (Hebrew: אברהם לכטשטיין‎) was a Polish rabbi and Talmudist.	Abraham Lichtstein	rabbi
occupation	Joe Delia is an American composer associated with cinema and television.	Joe Delia	composer
occupation	Ivan Durrant is an Australian painter, performance artist and writer.	Ivan Durrant	painter
occupation	Carlyle Blackwell (January 20, 1884 -- June 17, 1955) was an American silent film actor and a minor director and producer.	Carlyle Blackwell	actor
occupation	Mulford Winsor (May 31, 1874 -- November 5, 1956) was an American newspaperman and politician active in Arizona.	Mulford Winsor	politician
occupation	Anders Jensen Horgen (11 March 1861 -- 2 June 1947) was a Norwegian farmer and politician for the Labour, Social Democratic Labour and Communist parties.	Anders Jensen Horgen	politician
occupation	Tamia studied piano and voice with renowned Windsor musician, Eugene Davis, who was also instrumental in encouraging her to pursue her vocal passion.	Tamia	musician
occupation	Theodore Reed (June 18, 1887 -- February 22, 1959) was an American film director, producer and former president of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.	Theodore Reed	film director
occupation	Yekaterina Fedorkina (Russian: Екатерина Федоркина; born 29 March 1983) is a retired Russian sabre fencer, team World champion in 2004 and four-time European champion (team and individual).	Yekaterina Fedorkina	fencer
occupation	Supna Zaidi (Also spelled Sapna Zaidi) is a Pakistani born American journalist, lawyer, director of the Council for Democracy and Tolerance, assistant director of Islamist Watch at the Middle East Forum, and editor-in-chief of Muslim World Today and Pakistan Today.	Supna Zaidi	journalist
occupation	Shahid Mallya is an Indian playback singer who has sung in various films.	Shahid Mallya	singer
occupation	Mahmut Mazhar Alanson (February 13, 1950) is a Turkish musician, guitarist, member of the popular Turkish pop music band MFÖ, and an actor.	Mazhar Alanson	actor
occupation	Manuel Santillán Osorno (September 29, 1894 -- October 12, 1982) was a Mexican geological engineer and politician.	Manuel Santillán	politician
occupation	Franklin Parker, also known as Frank Parker or Franklyn Parker, was an American character actor who appeared in over 100 films during his twenty-five career.	Franklin Parker	actor
occupation	Jack Levine (January 3, 1915 -- November 8, 2010) was an American Social Realist painter and printmaker best known for his satires on modern life, political corruption, and biblical narratives.	Jack Levine	painter
occupation	Cathleen Falsani (born September 25, 1970) is an American journalist, author and blogger.	Cathleen Falsani	journalist
occupation	Joe Layton (May 3, 1931 -- May 5, 1994) was an American director and choreographer known primarily for his work on Broadway.	Joe Layton	choreographer
occupation	S. S. Ramasubbu (born 11 February 1950 in Alangulam, Tirunelveli) is an Indian politician who served as a Member of Parliament for Tirunelvelifrom 2009 to 2014 and as Member of the Legislative Assembly.	S. S. Ramasubbu	politician
occupation	Arnold Olsen (December 17, 1916 -- October 11, 1990) was a U.S. Democratic politician who served as the Attorney General of Montana from 1949 to 1957, and as a member of the United States House of Representatives from Montana's 1st congressional district from 1961 to 1971.	Arnold Olsen	politician
occupation	Janine Canan (born 1942) is an American poet, essayist, story writer, translator, and editor.	Janine Canan	translator
occupation	Joseph Perles (1835--1894), Hungarian Jewish rabbi.	Joseph Perles	rabbi
occupation	David McFadzean is an American television producer, television writer, film producer and playwright.	David McFadzean	playwright
occupation	According to the Suda, Coluthus (Greek: Κόλουθος), often Colluthus, of Lycopolis in the Egyptian Thebaid, was an epic poet writing in Greek, who flourished during the reign of Anastasius I (491-518).	Coluthus	poet
occupation	Michael Maize (born Michael Meyer; December 1, 1974) is an American motion picture and television actor, perhaps best known for his role of Daniel in the film National Treasure:	Michael Maize	actor
occupation	Joe Gastwirt is an audio engineer, known for digitally remastering hundreds of CDs for famous artists, including the Grateful Dead, Tom Petty, Helen Reddy, Jimi Hendrix, Crosby, Stills, and Nash, and Yes.	Joe Gastwirt	audio engineer
occupation	Buddy Liles was the bass singer for the Florida Boys, a Southern Gospel quartet, from 1972 through the late 1990s.	Buddy Liles	singer
occupation	Franciszek Alter began his career as an officer in the Austro-Hungarian Army, reaching the rank of captain.	Franciszek Alter	officer
occupation	Stephen Marcussen is the founder and chief mastering engineer at Marcussen Mastering in Hollywood, California.	Stephen Marcussen	engineer
occupation	Leo Ditrichstein (January 6, 1865 -- June 28, 1928) was an Austrian-American actor and playwright.	Leo Ditrichstein	playwright
occupation	Cho-yun Hsu (Chinese: 許倬雲; pinyin: Xǔ Zhuōyún; born July 10, 1930) is a Chinese American historian.	Cho-yun Hsu	historian
occupation	Muhammad Baqir Yazdi was an Iranian mathematician who lived in the 16th century.	Muhammad Baqir Yazdi	mathematician
occupation	Rachid Rguig (Arabic: رشيد رجوغ‎; born September 1, 1980) is a Moroccan judoka, who played for the half-lightweight category.	Rachid Rguig	judoka
occupation	Owen W. Roberts (born March 29, 1924) was a US diplomat and former United States Ambassador to Togo from June 28, 1984 to July 5, 1986.	Owen W. Roberts	diplomat
occupation	Qiu Xiaojun (裘晓君) (born June 30, 1990, Suzhou, China) is a Chinese professional boxer and the current WBC Silver Super Bantamweight Champion.	Qiu Xiaojun	boxer
occupation	Stacy Offner is an openly lesbian American rabbi.	Stacy Offner	rabbi
occupation	Yankev-Meyer Zalkind (1875 - 1937) was a British Orthodox rabbi, an anarcho-communist, a close friend of Rudolf Rocker, and a very active anti-militarist.	Yankev-Meyer Zalkind	rabbi
occupation	Mick Coughlan is an Irish retired hurler who played as a centre-back for the Offaly senior team.	Mick Coughlan	hurler
occupation	Katie Webster (January 11, 1936 -- September 5, 1999), born Kathryn Jewel Thorne, was an American boogie-woogie pianist.	Katie Webster	pianist
occupation	Chandraprakash Dwivedi is an Indian film director and script writer, who is best known for directing the 1991 television epic Chanakya in which he also played the title role of the political strategist Chanakya.	Chandraprakash Dwivedi	film director
occupation	Özgür Uyanık is a writer and film director.	Özgür Uyanık	film director
occupation	Lyle Stephanovic (August 19, 1908 -- August 5, 2005), better known as Spud Murphy, was an American jazz multi-instrumentalist, bandleader, and arranger.	Spud Murphy	bandleader
occupation	James Homer Wright (April 8, 1869 -- January 3, 1928) was an early and influential American pathologist, who from 1896 to 1926 was chief of pathology at Massachusetts General Hospital.	James Homer Wright	pathologist
occupation	Anne Digby (born 1942) is a prolific British children's writer best known for the Trebizon series published between 1978 and 1994.	Anne Digby	writer
occupation	David Diringer (1900--1975) was a British linguist, palaeographer and writer.	David Diringer	linguist
occupation	Maurice Peress (born March 18, 1930 in New York City) is an American orchestra conductor, educator and author.	Maurice Peress	conductor
occupation	Charumathi Ramachandran (b. July 12, 1951) is a Carnatic music singer.	Charumathi Ramachandran	singer
occupation	Melvin Kim Jew (born July 18, 1952) is an American photographer and entrepreneur, and the founder and owner of Kim Jew Photography in Albuquerque, New Mexico.	Kim Jew	photographer
occupation	Kateryna Dikidzhi (Ukrainian: Катерина Дікіджі; born July 11, 1991 in Rivne) is a Ukrainian swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle events.	Kateryna Dikidzhi	swimmer
occupation	Rabbi Yitzchak Schochet is an Orthodox rabbi in England.	Yitzchak Schochet	rabbi
occupation	David Ward-Steinman (November 6, 1936 -- April 14, 2015) was an American composer and music professor.	David Ward-Steinman	composer
occupation	Porter Hall (September 19, 1888 -- October 6, 1953) was an American character actor known for appearing in a number of films in the 1930s and 1940s.	Porter Hall	actor
occupation	Kurt Leichtweiss (born March 2, 1927 in Villingen, Baden--June 23, 2013) was a mathematician specializing in convex and differential geometry.	Kurt Leichtweiss	mathematician
occupation	Chitra Vishwanath is an Indian architect based in Bengaluru who works on themes related to ecology and architecture.	Chitra Vishwanath	architect
occupation	Norman Swan is a Scottish Australian medical doctor, journalist and radio producer.	Norman Swan	journalist
occupation	George Curtis Moore (September 7, 1925 -- March 2, 1973) was an American diplomat who was assassinated during a terrorist attack on the United States embassy in Khartoum, Sudan.	George Curtis Moore	diplomat
occupation	L.V. Banks (October 28, 1932 -- May 2, 2011) was an American Chicago blues and soul blues guitarist, singer and songwriter.	L.V. Banks	singer
occupation	Charlotte Mitchell was married to the actor Philip Guard and was the mother of 3 children, actors Christopher Guard and Dominic Guard and animator and novelist Candy Guard.	Charlotte Mitchell	actor
occupation	Oscar Grossheim (April 3, 1862 - November 2, 1954) was an American photographer known for his portraiture and documentary photographs of the pearl button industry, store displays and local life along the Upper Mississippi River Valley.	Oscar Grossheim	photographer
occupation	Marvin Hoffenberg (1914-2013) was an American economist and political scientist.	Marvin Hoffenberg	economist
occupation	Ashley Coulter (born April 26, 1983) is a Canadian singer and the sixth-place finalist in the 2006 season of Canadian Idol.	Ashley Coulter	singer
occupation	Gilbert Tuhabonye (born November 22, 1974) is a Burundian long-distance runner, author, and motivational speaker.	Gilbert Tuhabonye	motivational speaker
occupation	Jeri Southern (August 5, 1926 -- August 4, 1991) was an American jazz pianist and singer.	Jeri Southern	pianist
occupation	Crawford Logan is a British actor best known for his work in radio.	Crawford Logan	actor
occupation	Walt Curtis (born July 4, 1941) is a poet, novelist and painter from Portland, Oregon.	Walt Curtis	novelist	painter
occupation	Sholom Dovber Schneersohn (Hebrew: שלום דובער שניאורסאהן) was an Orthodox rabbi and the fifth Rebbe (spiritual leader) of the Chabad Lubavitch chasidic movement.	Sholom Dovber Schneersohn	rabbi
occupation	Ahmed Zein El-Abidin (Arabic: احمد زين العابدين‎; born 17 June 1943) is an Egyptian fencer.	Ahmed Zein El-Abidin	fencer
occupation	Cristian Moreno Panezo (born September 22, 1970 in Bogotá) is a Colombian politician and lawyer from the Universidad del Atlantico with a specialization in constitutional law from the National University of Colombia.	Cristian Moreno Panezo	politician
occupation	Jerry Huang Zhi Wei is a Taiwanese actor/model who was born in Taipei, Taiwan on April 10, 1981.	Jerry Huang	actor
occupation	The German writer Johann Wolfgang von Goethe wrote a play Torquato Tasso in 1790, which explores the struggles of the artist.	Torquato Tasso	writer
occupation	Nicholas G. Carr (born 1959) is an American writer who has published books and articles on technology, business, and culture.	Nicholas G. Carr	writer
occupation	Barbara Goalen (January 1, 1921 -- June 16, 2002) was a British model who came to international prominence between 1945--54, then gave up her career at the height of her success.	Barbara Goalen	model
occupation	Kendall Payne is an award-winning singer-songwriter recording artist and currently serves as the Senior Director of Contemporary Worship at Bel Air Church (also known as Bel Air Presbyterian Church).	Kendall Payne	singer
occupation	Dave Eggers (born March 12, 1970) is an American writer, editor, and publisher.	Dave Eggers	writer	editor
occupation	Lynn Verge is a Canadian lawyer and politician from Newfoundland and Labrador.	Lynn Verge	politician
occupation	Damian Lee is a Canadian film director, writer, and producer responsible as well as notable for such films as Abraxas, Guardian of the Universe, No Exit and Ski School.	Damian Lee	film director
occupation	David Feintuch (July 21, 1944 -- March 16, 2006) was a science fiction and fantasy author and attorney.	David Feintuch	author
occupation	Julia Vogl is an artist originally from Washington DC who has done a lot of work in London, England.	Julia Vogl	artist
occupation	Harry Ziegler is a historian, currently a Senior Lecturer at the University of Lincoln.	Harry Ziegler	historian
occupation	Binyamin Shlomo Hamburger (בנימין שלמה המבורגר) is a rabbi and author who is regarded as an expert on the subject of minhag Ashkenaz, the customs of German and Western European Jews, and their history.	Binyamin Shlomo Hamburger	rabbi
occupation	Jorge Pizarro Soto (born April 21, 1952) is a Chilean politician with brief Political Science studies.	Jorge Pizarro	politician
occupation	Ed Kemmer (October 29, 1921 -- November 9, 2004) was an American motion picture and television actor.	Ed Kemmer	actor
occupation	Steven Vincent Leigh (10 August 1964) is an actor and martial artist most notably recognized from his recurring role as Wei-Lee Young in NBC's soap opera Sunset Beach.	Steven Vincent Leigh	actor
occupation	Czesław Idźkiewicz (October 21, 1889 -- February 1, 1951), was a Polish landscape painter and art teacher.	Czesław Idźkiewicz	painter
occupation	Louise Renne is a lawyer, former Supervisor and one-time City Attorney for the City and County of San Francisco, California.	Louise Renne	lawyer
occupation	Johnna Lee Cummings is an American pop music singer.	Johnna Lee Cummings	singer
occupation	Spencer Antle (born March 7, 1971) is an American fashion designer and founder of the Island Company lifestyle clothing brand.	Spencer Antle	fashion designer
occupation	Ignaz or Ignazio Paluselli, also called Paduello, (Panchià, Province of Trentino in the Tyrol, 1744-1779) was an Italian painter.	Ignazio Paluselli	painter
occupation	Autolycus of Pitane (Greek: Αὐτόλυκος ὁ Πιταναῖος; c. 360 -- c. 290 BC) was a Greek astronomer, mathematician, and geographer.	Autolycus of Pitane	astronomer	mathematician
occupation	Bow Thayer is a songwriter, guitarist, banjoist and multi-string instrumentalist currently based in Stockbridge, Vermont.	Bow Thayer	songwriter
occupation	Philippe Panneton (pseudonym Ringuet, which was his mother's maiden name) (April 30, 1895 -- December 28, 1960) was a Canadian physician, academic, diplomat and writer.	Philippe Panneton	writer
occupation	Brad Rone (September 30, 1968 -- July 18, 2003) was a journeyman boxer from Cincinnati, Ohio.	Brad Rone	boxer
occupation	Elena Rivera Mirano is a Filipino academic in art studies, a music scholar, choir conductor and singer in the Philippines.	Elena Rivera Mirano	singer
occupation	Nadja Bergknecht is a retired German swimmer who won a gold medal in the 4×200 m freestyle relay at the 1986 World Aquatics Championships, setting a new world record.	Nadja Bergknecht	swimmer
occupation	Allin Kempthorne is a British comedy actor, writer and entertainer, originally from Penryn in Cornwall, but later moved to London.	Allin Kempthorne	actor
occupation	Cynthia Weil (born October 18, 1940) is a prominent American songwriter.	Cynthia Weil	songwriter
occupation	Large Professor (born William Paul Mitchell on March 21, 1973, in Harlem, New York, New York. USA), also known as Large Pro and Extra P., is a New York City-based hip hop rapper and record producer.	Large Professor	rapper	record producer
occupation	Gábor N. Sárközy (Gabor Sarkozy) is a Hungarian-American mathematician, the son of noted mathematician András Sárközy.	Gábor N. Sárközy	mathematician
occupation	Vishwendraman Pashwan (Nepali: विश्वेन्द्र पासवान) is a Nepalese politician and human rights activist.	Vishwendraman Pashwan	politician
occupation	Rafał Kosik (October 8, 1971 in Warsaw, Poland) is a Polish science fiction writer.	Rafał Kosik	writer
occupation	Edward Barna Kurjack was a Mayan anthropologist who was known for his contributions to the study of Mayan settlement patterns and society.	Edward Barna Kurjack	anthropologist
occupation	Adriane Garcia (September 19, 1983 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian TV show presenter, actress and former pop singer-songwriter.	Adriane Garcia	singer
occupation	DJ Mell Starr (born Leugene Jamel Simpson, January 13, 1975) also known by his stage name ``No Head Phones in Harlem'' a.k.a. ``The Most Dangerous'', is an American DJ, turntablist, musician and producer born in Brooklyn, New York but raised in The Bronx, New York.	DJ Mell Starr	musician
occupation	Nick Bailey is an American guitarist, songwriter, and producer signed to Prescription Songs.	Nick Bailey	songwriter
occupation	Rob Van Beek (born August 18, 1983) is a professional indoor lacrosse player.	Rob Van Beek	lacrosse player
occupation	Karl-Heinz Schönfelder (born 1929) is a German historian of modern literature and the founder of American studies at the University of Leipzig.	Karl-Heinz Schönfelder	historian
occupation	Agustín Ross Edwards (February 5, 1844 -- October 20, 1926) was a Chilean politician, diplomat, and banker.	Agustín Ross	politician
occupation	The work of photographer Barry Edmonds started in the Flint Journal beginning in 1955.	Barry Edmonds	photographer
occupation	Constantine Loukites was a Byzantine poet and court official of the Empire of Trebizond in the early 14th century.	Constantine Loukites	poet
occupation	Alypius of Antioch was a geographer and a vicarius of Roman Britain, probably in the late 350s AD.	Alypius of Antioch	geographer
occupation	M. Frederick Hawthorne is an inorganic chemist who has made contributions to the chemistry of boron hydrides, especially their clusters.	M. Frederick Hawthorne	chemist
occupation	Adam Morton, (born John Garibian 1945) is a Canadian philosopher and author.	Adam Morton	philosopher
occupation	Dan Witz (born 1957) is a Brooklyn, NY based street artist and realist painter.	Dan Witz	painter
occupation	Liz Callaway is married to former actor and acclaimed director Dan Foster.	Liz Callaway	actor
occupation	S. Harinarayana (full name and details unknown) was an Indian cricketer who played for Andhra.	S. Harinarayana	cricketer
occupation	Jody Gladding is an American translator and poet.	Jody Gladding	translator
occupation	Kathleen Petty is a Canadian radio and television news journalist.	Kathleen Petty	journalist
occupation	Leonard Lispenard (December 14, 1714 - February 20, 1790) was a New York merchant, politician, and landowner.	Leonard Lispenard	politician
occupation	Vojislav Koštunica (Serbian Cyrillic: Војислав Коштуница, pronounced (ʋǒjislaʋ koʃtǔnit͡sa); born 24 March 1944) is a former Serbian politician.	Vojislav Koštunica	politician
occupation	Kenkichi Ando (安藤 謙吉; born May 3, 1950 in Gifu) is a Japanese weightlifter and Olympic medalist.	Kenkichi Ando	weightlifter
occupation	Ruthie Blum is an American-Israeli journalist, columnist and former features editor of the Jerusalem Post.	Ruthie Blum	journalist
occupation	Oren R. Earl (November 2, 1813 -- January 15, 1901) was an American farmer, businessman, banker and politician from New York.	Oren R. Earl	politician
occupation	Raul Bopp (born in Santa Maria (RS) on August 4, 1898; died in Rio de Janeiro on June 2, 1984) was a Brazilian poet and diplomat.	Raul Bopp	diplomat
occupation	Li Mingzhu (Chinese: 李明珠) is a Chinese figure skater and internationally known World and Olympic figure skating coach.	Li Mingzhu	figure skater
occupation	Vinay Rai (born 18 September 1979) is an Indian film actor, commonly appearing in Tamil films, as well as modelling and catwalking in noted fashion shows.	Vinay Rai	actor
occupation	Marcus Monroe is an actor/juggler/TV personality currently living in New York City.	Marcus Monroe	actor
occupation	Tracey Dey, born Nora Ferrari, is a former American pop singer in the girl group genre of the early and mid-1960s.	Tracey Dey	singer
occupation	Ian Brody Hutzler (born April 20, 1971) is an American actor primarily known for his roles on soap operas.	Brody Hutzler	actor
occupation	W.J. Basil Fernando is a Sri Lankan jurist, author, poet, human rights activist, editor of Article 2 and Ethics in Action, and a prolific writer.	Basil Fernando	human rights activist
occupation	Karl Sax (November 2, 1892 -- October 8, 1973) was an American botanist and geneticist, in particular he was noted for his research in cytogenetics and the effect of radiation on chromosomes.	Karl Sax	botanist	geneticist
occupation	Geddi Abdi Gadid (died August 24, 2010) was a Somali politician, a member of the Transitional Federal Parliament.	Geddi Abdi Gadid	politician
occupation	Charles Robert Drysdale (1829--1907) was a British physician and public health scientist, and the first President of The Malthusian League.	Charles Robert Drysdale	physician
occupation	Pete Levin (born December 20, 1942) is an American jazz keyboardist, composer and horn player.	Pete Levin	composer
occupation	Bernardo Bobić (Bubich, Budich) (? -- Zagreb, c. 1695) was a Croatian baroque painter and gilder.	Bernardo Bobić	painter
occupation	Anne Bonny (c. 1700 -- c. 1782) was an Irish woman who became a famous pirate, operating in the Caribbean.	Anne Bonny	pirate
occupation	Otto Schubiger (born January 6, 1925) is an ice hockey player for the Swiss national team.	Otto Schubiger	ice hockey player
occupation	Bill Plympton (born April 30, 1946) is an American animator, graphic designer, cartoonist, and filmmaker best known for his 1987 Academy Award-nominated animated short Your Face and his series of shorts Guard Dog, Guide Dog, Hot Dog and Horn Dog.	Bill Plympton	animator
occupation	Pamela Cahill is an American lawyer and politician from Maine.	Pamela Cahill	politician
occupation	Grant Harvey (born February 5, 1966) is a Canadian film director known for such films and television series as Ginger Snaps Back:	Grant Harvey	film director
occupation	James Corner is a landscape architect and theorist whose works exhibit a focus on ``developing innovative approaches toward landscape architectural design and urbanism.''	James Corner	landscape architect
occupation	Eliphalet J. Foss (1840--1922/3) or E.J. Foss was an American photographer active in Boston, Massachusetts.	Eliphalet J. Foss	photographer
occupation	Sarah Hicks (born Tokyo, Japan, raised in Honolulu, Hawaii) is an American orchestral conductor.	Sarah Hicks	conductor
occupation	Satinder Satti is a popular TV anchor, actress, poet, dancer, and singer.	Satinder Satti	singer
occupation	Dolly Buster, officially Nora Baumberger (born October 23, 1969 as Nora Dvořáková), is a film producer and director, actress, author and a former adult film actress.	Dolly Buster	director
occupation	Ettore Cadorin (March 1, 1876 -- June 18, 1952) was an American sculptor and teacher born in Venice.	Ettore Cadorin	sculptor
occupation	Agnieszka Osiecka (October 9, 1936 -- March 7, 1997) was a poet, writer, author of theatre and television screenplays, film director and journalist.	Agnieszka Osiecka	poet	writer
occupation	George Meeker (March 5, 1904 -- August 19, 1984) was an American character movie and Broadway actor who became more of a legend off-camera than on.	George Meeker	actor
occupation	Santiago Ricci (also known as Roi) is an Argentine film and commercial editor and commercial director.	Santiago Ricci	commercial director
occupation	Muhammet Oǧuz Zengin, or simply Oǧuz Zengin, is a Turkish curler, and member of the Turkey men's national curling team.	Muhammet Oǧuz Zengin	curler
occupation	Darren Jordon (born 23 November 1960 in London, England) is a British journalist working for the Al-Jazeera 24-hour English-language news and current affairs channel, Al Jazeera English.	Darren Jordon	journalist
occupation	Abburi Ravi (Telugu: అబ్బూరి రవి) is an Indian screenwriter in Tollywood.	Abburi Ravi	screenwriter
occupation	K. Selva Bharathy is a Tamil film director, who made his debut with the 1998 blockbuster Ninaithen Vandhai starring Vijay, Rambha and Devayani.	K. Selva Bharathy	film director
occupation	Holden Bowler (September 23, 1912 - October 31, 2001) was an American athlete, singer and businessman who served as the namesake for Holden Caulfield in J.D. Salinger's novel The Catcher in the Rye and was the godfather of Judy Collins.	Holden Bowler	singer
occupation	Nihad Fetić, known by his stage name Hakala, (born 1966) is a Bosnian singer.	Hakala	singer
occupation	Ira Allen Eastman (January 1, 1809 -- March 21, 1881) was an American manufacturer and Democratic politician in the U.S. state of New Hampshire.	Ira Allen Eastman	politician
occupation	Ellei Johndro (Shadowscene) is an American born photographer, musician and artist.	Ellei Johndro	photographer
occupation	Sarah Thomason has also criticized alleged cases of xenoglossy from a professional point of view as a linguist.	Sarah Thomason	linguist
occupation	Joel Soisson is an American screenwriter, producer and director, who has worked on many horror films.	Joel Soisson	screenwriter
occupation	Augustin François Guille, called Archiguille (born May 17, 1932 in Alès) is a French painter.	Archiguille	painter
occupation	Lidia Valentín Pérez (born February 10, 1985) is a Spanish weightlifter competing mainly in the Women's 75 kg category.	Lidia Valentín	weightlifter
occupation	Ernest Ruckle (born May 1, 1940) is an American artist noted for his elaborately structured paintings.	Ernest Ruckle	artist
occupation	Adam Duce (born April 14th, 1972) is an American musician, best known as a founding member and former bassist of the American thrash/groove metal band Machine Head.	Adam Duce	musician	bassist
occupation	Margaret Florence Herrick (September 27, 1902 -- June 21, 1976), also known professionally as Margaret Gledhill, was the librarian and executive director of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences library, the Margaret Herrick Library, which in 1971 was named the Margaret Herrick Library in her honor.	Margaret Herrick	librarian
occupation	Al-Mahdi Muhammad bin al-Mutahhar (1275 - October 28, 1328) was an imam of the Zaidi state in Yemen who ruled from 1301 to 1328.	Al-Mahdi Muhammad bin al-Mutahhar	imam
occupation	George Pavlou is a London-based British horror, science fiction and thriller film director.	George Pavlou	film director
occupation	Srđan V. Tešin (Serbian Cyrillic: Срђан В. Тешин), b. 1971 is a Serbian writer and journalist.	Srđan V. Tešin	journalist
occupation	Ali Jimale Ahmed (Somali: Cali Jimaale Axmed, Arabic: علي جيمال أحمد‎) is a Somali poet, essayist, scholar, and short story writer.	Ali Jimale Ahmed	poet	essayist	writer
occupation	Carl Gutherz (January 28, 1844 in Switzerland -- February 7, 1907 in Washington, D.C.) was a painter, part of the Symbolist movement in the United States during the 19th century.	Carl Gutherz	painter
occupation	Paul Cantabene (born March 26, 1970 in Rochester, New York) is a retired professional lacrosse player.	Paul Cantabene	lacrosse player
occupation	Richard Nord is a film editor who is best known for The Fugitive and Passenger 57.	Richard Nord	film editor
occupation	Max Edler von Poosch-Gablenz (1872--1968) was an Austrian painter and a war artist during the First World War (1914--18).	Max Edler von Poosch	painter
occupation	Dr. Moyses Szklo is an American epidemiologist and physician scientist.	Moyses Szklo	epidemiologist
occupation	Tea Donguzashvili (Russian: Теа Донгузашвили; Georgian: თეა დონღუზაშვილი; born June 4, 1976) is a Russian judoka.	Tea Donguzashvili	judoka
occupation	James Kellum Smith Sr. (October 3, 1893 -- February 18, 1961) was an American architect, of the well-known Gilded Age architectural firm of McKim, Mead, and White.	James Kellum Smith	architect
occupation	Rebecca R. Pallmeyer (born September 13, 1954) is a United States federal judge in the Northern District of Illinois.	Rebecca R. Pallmeyer	judge
occupation	Oğuzhan Tüzün (born October 20, 1982 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish sport shooter competing in the trap event.	Oğuzhan Tüzün	sport shooter
occupation	Vishnu Kant Shastri (May 2, 1929 -- April 17, 2005) was an Indian politician who served as the governor of Uttar Pradesh and Himachal Pradesh.	Vishnu Kant Shastri	politician
occupation	Fred Olen Ray (born September 10, 1954) is an American film director, producer, screenwriter, actor, and cinematographer.	Fred Olen Ray	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Amina Al Jassim or Amina Al-Jassim, is a Saudi Arabian fashion designer of haute couture and jellabiyas.	Amina Al Jassim	fashion designer
occupation	William Henry Allison (June 14, 1838 -- December 15, 1934) was a Canadian politician and school lands commissioner.	William Henry Allison	politician
occupation	Patti Webster (June 18, 1964 -- September 13, 2013) was an American entertainment publicist, author, and minister.	Patti Webster	publicist	minister
occupation	Sunil Vaidyanathan is an internationally renowned author, photojournalist and environmentalist who has nine well-reviewed books on photography, architecture and travel to his credit.	Sunil Vaidyanathan	author
occupation	Dr. Levy Gerzberg is the chief executive officer of the Zoran Corporation.	Levy Gerzberg	chief executive officer
occupation	Jackie Walorski (born August 13, 1963) is an American politician who has been the U.S. Representative for Indiana's 2nd congressional district since 2013.	Jackie Walorski	politician
occupation	Raja Narayan Deb (Bengali: রাজা নারায়ণ দেব) is an Indian composer working in the Bollywood and Bengali film industries.	Raja Narayan Deb	composer
occupation	D.C. LaRue (born David Charles L'Heureux) (born April 26, 1948 in Meriden, Connecticut) is an American singer, songwriter and producer.	D.C. LaRue	singer
occupation	Russ Jones (born July 16, 1942 in Ontario) is a Canadian novelist, illustrator, and magazine editor, active in the publishing and entertainment industries over a half-century, best known as the creator of the magazine Creepy for Warren Publishing.	Russ Jones	editor
occupation	Tommy Keene (born June 30, 1958) is an American singer-songwriter, best known for releasing critically acclaimed new wave/power pop songs in the 1980s.	Tommy Keene	singer-songwriter
occupation	Song Seung-heon (Hangul: 송승헌; born October 5, 1976) is a South Korean actor.	Song Seung-heon	actor
occupation	Khurshid Nabiev (Uzbek: Хуршид Набиев; born August 11, 1985) is an Uzbekistani judoka, who played for the middleweight category.	Khurshid Nabiev	judoka
occupation	Per Henrik Wallin (July 17, 1946 -- June 15, 2005) was a Swedish jazz pianist and composer.	Per Henrik Wallin	pianist	composer
occupation	Lord Gowrie, chairman of the Art Council (1994/1998), described Adam Birtwistle as ``an artist who brings off something uncommon and difficult. He is a serious painter with wit. This quality shows in both composition and brushwork.''	Adam Birtwistle	painter
occupation	Douglas Brunt (born August 25, 1971) is an American novelist and entrepreneur.	Douglas Brunt	novelist	entrepreneur
occupation	John Mogensen (May 5, 1928 -- April 10, 1977) was a Danish singer, songwriter and pianist.	John Mogensen	singer
occupation	Joseph Desler Costa is a photographer and musician born(1980) in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Joseph Desler Costa	photographer
occupation	Vijayendra Ghatge is an actor in the Hindi film industry and on Indian TV.	Vijayendra Ghatge	actor
occupation	Roberto Rexach Benítez (December 18, 1929 -- April 4, 2012) also known as his stage name Bobby, was a Puerto Rican politician, and former Senator and Representative.	Roberto Rexach Benítez	politician
occupation	Tara Brach (born May 17, 1953) is an American psychologist and proponent of Buddhist meditation.	Tara Brach	psychologist
occupation	David N. Weiss is an American writer, lecturer and labor leader.	David N. Weiss	writer	lecturer
occupation	Muthuswami Dikshitar (March 24, 1775 -- October 21, 1835) was a South Indian poet and composer and is one of the Musical Trinity of Carnatic music.	Muthuswami Dikshitar	composer
occupation	Usha (born 29 May 1980), known professionally as Singer Usha, is a Telugu playback singer.	Singer Usha	singer
occupation	John Thomas Griffith (born April 3, 1960) is an American singer-songwriter best known as a guitarist and vocalist for the band Cowboy Mouth.	John Thomas Griffith	singer-songwriter
occupation	Ed LaDou (October 9, 1955 -- December 27, 2007) was an American pizza chef, who is credited with popularizing gourmet California-style pizzas.	Ed LaDou	chef
occupation	Murray Todd is an Australian Paralympic athletics competitor.	Murray Todd	athletics competitor
occupation	Park Tae-hwan (born September 27, 1989) is a South Korean competitive swimmer who is an Olympic gold medalist and world champion.	Park Tae-hwan	swimmer
occupation	Vishal Arora is a journalist, writer, based in New Delhi, India.	Vishal Arora	journalist	writer
occupation	Luigi Lai (born July 25, 1932) is an Italian musician from Sardinia, and is living heir of the school of Sarrabus players of the launeddas.	Luigi Lai	musician
occupation	Adam LaVorgna (born March 1, 1981) is an American actor, known for his role on the television series Brooklyn Bridge, and in the films Milk Money, Beautician and the Beast, and I'll Be Home for Christmas, and as Robbie Palmer on 7th Heaven.	Adam LaVorgna	actor
occupation	George Goring (died 1602), was an English politician.	George Goring (died 1602)	politician
occupation	Samuel Yates (May 10, 1919 in Savannah, Georgia -- April 22, 1991 in New Brunswick, NJ) was a computer engineer and mathematician who first described unique primes in the 1980s.	Samuel Yates	mathematician
occupation	Stella Bloch or Stella Coomaraswamy (18 December 1897 -- 20 January 1999) was an American artist, dancer and journalist.	Stella Bloch	journalist
occupation	Chade-Meng Tan (Chinese: 陳一鳴), known informally as Meng, is a former software engineer and motivator at Google known especially for greeting celebrities who visit the Google campus.	Chade-Meng Tan	engineer
occupation	Jason V Brock (born March 1, 1970) is an American author, artist, editor, and filmmaker.	Jason V Brock	artist
occupation	Claudette Rogers Robinson (born September 1, 1942) is an American singer-songwriter, a member of The Miracles from 1957 to 1972.	Claudette Rogers Robinson	singer
occupation	Aleksandra Potanina (1843--1893), was a Russian explorer.	Aleksandra Potanina	explorer
occupation	Keme Nzerem is a British journalist who works for Channel 4 News as a news anchor and reporter.	Keme Nzerem	journalist
occupation	Rob Schultheis is an author and journalist who lives in Telluride, Colorado.	Rob Schultheis	journalist
occupation	Masuimi Max (born March 12, 1978) is an American alternative model, pinup model and fetish model of Korean and German descent.	Masuimi Max	model
occupation	Mikko Tarmia is a Finnish video game music composer known for working with Codeblender Software, Frictional Games, and Wolfire Games.	Mikko Tarmia	composer
occupation	Erica Ellyson (born October 1, 1984) is an American softcore model and actress who was Penthouse's Pet of the Month for January 2007 and Pet of the Year for 2008.	Erica Ellyson	model
occupation	Jerzy Matuszkiewicz (Polish pronunciation: (ˈjɛʐɨ matuʂˈkʲɛvit͡ʂ)) is a Polish jazz musician and composer.	Jerzy Matuszkiewicz	jazz musician
occupation	Samuel King Allison (November 13, 1900 -- September 15, 1965) was an American physicist, most notable for his role in the Manhattan Project, for which he was awarded the Medal for Merit.	Samuel King Allison	physicist
occupation	Jason Berger (January 22, 1924 -- October 17, 2010) was a Boston landscape painter, connected to Boston Expressionism .	Jason Berger	painter
occupation	Ira Drukier is an American hotelier and philanthropist.	Ira Drukier	philanthropist
occupation	Gitte Moos Knudsen (legal name Karen Birgitte Moos Knudsen) is a Danish translational neurobiologist and clinical neurologist, and Clinical Professor and Chief Physician at the Department of Clinical Medicine, Neurology, Psychiatry and Sensory Sciences, at Copenhagen University Hospital.	Gitte Moos Knudsen	neurologist
occupation	Rodrigo Massa (born March 26, 1986, São Bernardo do Campo, São Paulo), is a Brazilian actor, singer and TV Host who lives and works in Mexico City.	Rodrigo Massa	actor	singer
occupation	Władysław Filipkowski (noms de guerre Cis and Janka; 1892--1950) was a Polish military commander and a professional officer of the Polish Army.	Władysław Filipkowski	officer
occupation	Charles Bonifacio is a Canadian animator who worked on Nelvana productions such as Rock and Rule, Inspector Gadget, Star Wars:	Charles Bonifacio	animator
occupation	Daniel Tay (born December 17, 1991) is an American actor and voice actor who is best known for playing Michael in the Christmas film Elf.	Daniel Tay	actor
occupation	Harvey Rexford Hitchcock (March 13, 1800 -- August 25, 1855) was an early Protestant missionary to the Kingdom of Hawaii from the United States.	Harvey Rexford Hitchcock	missionary
occupation	William J. Rutter (born August 28, 1928) is an American biochemist who cofounded the early biotechnology company Chiron Corporation together with Edward Penhoet and Pablo DT Valenzuela.	William J. Rutter	biochemist
occupation	Tobiah ben Eliezer () was a Talmudist and poet of the 11th century, author of the Leḳaḥ Ṭov or Pesiḳta Zuṭarta, a midrashic commentary on the Pentateuch and the Five Megillot.	Tobiah ben Eliezer	poet
occupation	Lenny Wolf (born March 11, 1962) is a singer songwriter and the frontman for the band Kingdom Come.	Lenny Wolf	singer
occupation	Peter Gallina (born in London) is an English fashion and advertising photographer, celebrity portraitist and visual artist based in London, but working internationally.	Peter Gallina	photographer
occupation	Réjean Cournoyer (born December 5, 1971, Halifax, Nova Scotia) is a Canadian actor and singer, and was raised in a bilingual, Mormon home.	Réjean Cournoyer	singer
occupation	Dimitrios Kallergis (Greek: Δημήτριος Καλλέργης; 1803 -- 8 April 1867) was a fighter of the Greek War of Independence, major general, politician and one of the most important protagonists of the 3rd September 1843 Revolution.	Dimitrios Kallergis	politician
occupation	Ivo Visković (pronounced (ǐːʋɔ ʋîskɔʋit͡ɕ)) (born 1949) is a university professor and Serbian politician and diplomat.	Ivo Visković	university professor	politician	diplomat
occupation	Christopher Hedquist (born June 4, 1980, Salt Lake City, Utah) is an American skeleton racer.	Christopher Hedquist	skeleton racer
occupation	Clare Stancliffe is a historian and Medievalist.	Clare Stancliffe	historian
occupation	Edwin Roxburgh (born 1937) is an English composer, conductor and oboist.	Edwin Roxburgh	composer	conductor	oboist
occupation	Meilen Tu (traditional Chinese: 涂美倫, simplified Chinese: 涂美伦, Hanyu Pinyin: Tú Měilún) (born January 17, 1978) is an American former professional tennis player.	Meilen Tu	tennis player
occupation	Dr Karim Azkoul, PhD (1915-2003) was a Lebanese diplomat and philosopher born in Rashaya, Lebanon on July 15, 1915.	Karim Azkoul	diplomat
occupation	Nolan Lambroza, better known as Sir Nolan, is a hit-making songwriter and record producer based in Los Angeles.	Sir Nolan	songwriter	record producer
occupation	Glenn Wrage is an American actor and voice actor who has performed numerous roles in television, film, video games.	Glenn Wrage	actor
occupation	Richard Chee Quee is a former first-class cricketer.	Richard Chee Quee	cricketer
occupation	Jose Angelo Gabriel Valenciano, also known as Gabriel ``Gab'' Valenciano (born June 11, 1988) is a Filipino dancer, actor, musician, host, percussionist, drummer, choreographer, and commercial model.	Gabriel Valenciano	dancer	choreographer
occupation	Stanley Burke, Jr. (born February 8, 1923) was a Canadian television journalist.	Stanley Burke	journalist
occupation	John Robinson Jeffers (January 10, 1887 -- January 20, 1962) was an American poet, known for his work about the central California coast.	Robinson Jeffers	poet
occupation	Tsai Shu-min (Chinese: 蔡 淑敏; pinyin: Cài Shūmǐn; born February 4, 1981 in Changhua County) is a retired Taiwanese swimmer, who specialized in sprint and middle-distance freestyle, but also competed in backstroke and in individual medley.	Tsai Shu-min	swimmer
occupation	Michael Pataki (January 16, 1938 -- April 15, 2010) was an American character actor and voice actor.	Michael Pataki	actor
occupation	Eric Fleming (born Edward Heddy, Jr.; July 4, 1925 -- September 28, 1966) was an American actor, known primarily for his role as Gil Favor in the long-running CBS television series Rawhide.	Eric Fleming	actor
occupation	Jaramar Soto is a Mexican traditional singer, songwriter and painter.	Jaramar	singer
occupation	Wendy Wilson (born October 16, 1969) is an American singer and television personality and member of the pop singing trio Wilson Phillips.	Wendy Wilson	singer
occupation	Aisling Stephenson is an Irish singer songwriter, also known as Aisling.	Aisling Stephenson	singer songwriter
occupation	Sally Carns Gulde is a graphic designer.	Sally Carns	graphic designer
occupation	Ivan Raimi works as an emergency physician in Ann Arbor, traveling to Los Angeles occasionally to work in Hollywood.	Ivan Raimi	physician
occupation	Claudio Osorio, born November 16, 1958, is a Venezuelan entrepreneur and convicted criminal based in Miami, Florida.	Claudio Osorio	entrepreneur
occupation	Evan Copley is an American academic and musician who has published several theory textbooks, including Harmony:	Evan Copley	musician
occupation	Neil Norman is a British playwright and critic.	Neil Norman	playwright
occupation	Sofia Sakorafa (Greek: Σοφία Σακοράφα, born 29 April 1957) is a Palestinian-Greek politician and former javelin thrower.	Sofia Sakorafa	politician	javelin thrower
occupation	Andrei Kopylov is a retired Russian sambist and mixed martial artist.	Andrei Kopylov	mixed martial artist
occupation	Rory Bromley is a rugby league player for the Toulouse Olympique team in the Co-operative Championship.	Rory Bromley	rugby league player
occupation	Basil Laver FRCS MS (18 December 1894 -- 28 December 1934), was an eminent British surgeon whose highly successful career was cut short through illness.	Basil Laver	surgeon
occupation	Gail Farrell (born October 6, 1947) is an American singer and songwriter, best known for her work on the variety program The Lawrence Welk Show.	Gail Farrell	singer and songwriter
occupation	John Virginius Bennes (August 23, 1867 -- November 29, 1943) was an American architect in Baker City and Portland, Oregon.	John Virginius Bennes	architect
occupation	Fabiola Gianotti (Italian: (faˈbiːola dʒaˈnɔtti); born October 29, 1960) is an Italian particle physicist and the Director-General of the European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN).	Fabiola Gianotti	physicist
occupation	François Petit (born November 8, 1951) is a martial artist and actor best known for his portrayal of the original Sub-Zero in the 1995 film Mortal Kombat and as head doctor of the World Wrestling Federation in the mid-1990s.	François Petit	actor
occupation	Joseph Raphson was an English mathematician known best for the Newton--	Joseph Raphson	mathematician
occupation	Park Si-hwan (Hangul: 박시환; born July 30, 1987) is a South Korean singer.	Park Si-hwan	singer
occupation	Luc Chikhani is a French oral and maxillofacial surgeon who is best known for rebuilding the face of Trevor Rees-Jones, the former bodyguard of Dodi Fayed, after the car crash that killed Diana, Princess of Wales, Dodi Fayed, and their driver, Henri Paul.	Luc Chikhani	surgeon
occupation	Johann Karl Wilhelm Ferdinand Tiemann (June 10, 1848 -- November 14, 1899) was a German chemist and together with Karl Reimer discoverer of the Reimer-Tiemann reaction.	Ferdinand Tiemann	chemist
occupation	Adrian Spies (April 17, 1920 -- October 2, 1998) was a screenwriter, active from the 1940s through to the 1980s.	Adrian Spies	screenwriter
occupation	Donald R. Pettinger (born December 21, 1961 in Lamar, Colorado) is an American jockey in Thoroughbred flat horse racing.	Donald R. Pettinger	jockey
occupation	Eugeniu Sperantia (May 18 (O.S. May 6) 1888 -- January 11/12, 1972) was a Romanian poet, aesthetician, essayist, sociologist and philosopher.	Eugeniu Sperantia	sociologist
occupation	Rob Affuso (born Robert James Affuso, March 1, 1963, Newburgh, New York) is an American heavy metal drummer, best known as the drummer of the band Skid Row from 1987 to 1998.	Rob Affuso	drummer
occupation	Guanxiu (simplified Chinese: 贯休; traditional Chinese: 貫休; pinyin: Guànxiū; Wade--Giles: Kuan-hsiu) was a celebrated Buddhist monk, painter, poet, and calligrapher.	Guanxiu	painter
occupation	Kim Hye-seong (Hangul: 김혜성; also spelt Kim Hye-sung; born January 14, 1988) is a South Korean actor and model.	Kim Hye-seong	actor
occupation	Tjun Tjun (Chinese: 梁春生) is a former Chinese-Indonesian badminton player.	Tjun Tjun	badminton player
occupation	Yuan Jiang (Chinese: 袁江; pinyin: Yuán Jiāng; Wade--Giles: Yüan Chiang); was a Chinese landscape painter who lived in the Qing dynasty (1644--1912).	Yuan Jiang	painter
occupation	Jundy Maraon (born February 25, 1985) also known as ``batang gwaping'' is a Filipino professional boxer.	Jundy Maraon	boxer
occupation	H.W. Wright (full name unknown, date of birth and death unknown) was an English cricketer.	H.W. Wright	cricketer
occupation	The significant thing was that in publishing her novel, The Dop Doctor (American title: One Braver Thing), Clotilde Graves chose the pen name of Richard Dehan, although she was already known as a writer (chiefly for the theatre) under her own name.	Clotilde Graves	writer
occupation	Yasmine Mahmoudieh is an architect, interior designer, and CEO of a tech startup in the children's education sector: myKidsy.	Yasmine Mahmoudieh	architect
occupation	The Master of Zweder van Culemborg (sometimes referred to as Master Pancracius) was a North Netherlandish painter of illuminated manuscripts active in the area around Utrecht between 1420 and 1440.	Master of Zweder van Culemborg	painter
occupation	Gordon Norton (born 2 November 1924) is a Canadian former yacht racer and past Commodore of the Royal Canadian Yacht Club.	Gordon Norton	yacht racer
occupation	Zina Yazji (Arabic: زينة يازجي) is a Syrian journalist, news agency reporter and television news anchor.	Zina Yazji	journalist
occupation	Jacques Lepautre or Le Pautre (c. 1653 -- 1684) was a Parisian engraver active during the last quarter of the seventeenth century.	Jacques Lepautre	engraver
occupation	Daniele Pantano (born February 10, 1976) is a poet, literary translator, editor, and scholar.	Daniele Pantano	poet	translator
occupation	Nicholas Lea (born Nicholas Christopher Herbert, June 22, 1962) is a Canadian actor best known for his portrayal of Alex Krycek on The X-Files and of Tom Foss on Kyle XY.	Nicholas Lea	actor
occupation	Charles W. Thayer (1910-- August 27, 1969) was an American diplomat and author.	Charles W. Thayer	diplomat
occupation	Isaak James (born Jean-Yves Hasson on Cape Cod, Massachusetts) is an American film director, actor, singer and musician.	Isaak James	film director	actor	singer	musician
occupation	Oscar Brodney (February 18, 1907 - February 12, 2008) was an American lawyer-turned-screenwriter.	Oscar Brodney	screenwriter
occupation	Jón Arason was born in Gryta, educated at Munkaþverá, the Benedictine abbey of Iceland, and was ordained a Catholic priest about 1504.	Jón Arason	Catholic priest
occupation	Edmund Kirby Smith (May 16, 1824 -- March 28, 1893) was a career United States Army officer who served with the Confederates during the Civil War, as one of only seven officers to reach the rank of Full General.	Edmund Kirby Smith	officer
occupation	Barbara Schwarzfeldt (born 8 May 1957) is a German former swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 200 m butterfly at the 1974 European Aquatics Championships.	Barbara Schwarzfeldt	swimmer
occupation	David Matsumoto (born August 2, 1959) is an author, psychologist and judoka.	David Matsumoto	psychologist
occupation	Edwin Arthur Burtt (/bɜːrt/; October 11, 1892 -- September 6, 1989), usually cited as E. A. Burtt, was an American philosopher who wrote extensively on the philosophy of religion.	Edwin Arthur Burtt	philosopher
occupation	Jing Chang (Chinese: 張芸京; pinyin: Zhāng Yúnjīng) is a Taiwanese singer.	Jing Chang	singer
occupation	Goudji is a French sculptor and goldsmith, who was born in Georgia on July 6, 1941.	Goudji	sculptor	goldsmith
occupation	Niloufar Talebi is a writer, award-winning translator and theater artist.	Niloufar Talebi	translator	artist
occupation	Au Sin Ying (Chinese: 區倩瑩; pinyin: Qū Xian Yǐng; Jyutping: au1 sin3 jing4; born January 8, 1989 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong sabre fencer.	Au Sin Ying	fencer
occupation	Jarkko Malinen is a Finnish professional ice hockey player currently playing for KooKoo of the Finnish Liiga.	Jarkko Malinen	ice hockey player
occupation	William Edwards Cook (August 31, 1881 -- November 10, 1959) was an American-born expatriate artist, architectural patron, and long-time friend of American writer Gertrude Stein.	William Edwards Cook	artist
occupation	Homero Blancas, Jr. (born March 7, 1938) is an American professional golfer who has played on both the PGA Tour and the Senior PGA Tour (now known as the Champions Tour).	Homero Blancas	golfer
occupation	Benedito Clayton Veras Alcântara, known by Beni Veras, (August 18, 1935 -- November 6, 2015) was a Brazilian politician and businessman.	Beni Veras	politician
occupation	Daron Murphy is a film composer and musician, based in Brooklyn, NY.	Daron Murphy	composer
occupation	Josephine St. Pierre Ruffin (August 31, 1842 -- March 13, 1924) was an African-American publisher, journalist, civil rights leader, suffragist, and editor of Woman's Era, the first newspaper published by and for African-American women.	Josephine St. Pierre Ruffin	journalist
occupation	Riaz Afridi (Urdu: ریاض آفریدی) (born 21 January 1985 in Peshawar) is a Pakistani cricketer.	Riaz Afridi	cricketer
occupation	Stanley Link (1894 - December 24, 1957 ) was an American cartoonist and comics artists, best known for Tiny Tim. Link took a correspondence course in cartooning when he was a teenager.	Stanley Link	cartoonist
occupation	En Esch, born near Frankfurt, is a studied orchestra percussionist, drummer, programmer, producer, guitarist and singer.	En Esch	singer
occupation	Christopher Ryan (born Christopher Papazoglou January 25, 1950) is an English actor.	Christopher Ryan	actor
occupation	Gaius Caninius Rebilus, a member of the plebeian gens Caninia, was a Roman general and politician.	Gaius Caninius Rebilus	politician
occupation	Donald Martin Thomas, Baron Thomas of Gresford, OBE, QC (born 13 March 1937) is a British Liberal Democrat politician.	Martin Thomas, Baron Thomas of Gresford	politician
occupation	Evan Goldberg (born 1982) is a Canadian screenwriter, film producer and director.	Evan Goldberg	screenwriter	film producer
occupation	Ralph Beebe Blackman (August 29, 1904 -- May 24, 1990) was an American mathematician and engineer who was among the pioneers of the information age along with Claude E. Shannon, Hendrik Wade Bode, and John Tukey.	Ralph Beebe Blackman	engineer
occupation	Vassos Lyssarides (born 1920) is a Cypriot politician who has been a central figure in Cyprus politics since the island's independence.	Vassos Lyssarides	politician
occupation	Edward B. Stratton, often known as E.B. Stratton, was an American architect based in Boston.	Edward B. Stratton	architect
occupation	Dirk Deppey is a comics journalist and critic.	Dirk Deppey	journalist
occupation	Tammy Locke (born September 19, 1959) is an American actor and performer, known for her work as a child actor in The Monroes and other films and TV series.	Tammy Locke	actor
occupation	Jô Bilac, (born 1984 as Giovanni Ramalho Bilac) is a Brazilian playwright, he debuted in 2006 as a professional playwright.	Jô Bilac	playwright
occupation	Shaheedur Rahman (Bengali: শহীদুর রাহ্ মান) is a former Bangladeshi cricketer who played in 2 ODIs in 1986.	Shaheedur Rahman	cricketer
occupation	Claire Kuo Ching is a Taiwanese Mandopop singer.	Claire Kuo	singer
occupation	Yvonne Arceneaux (born March 1, 1947) is an American politician who is the senior member of the city council of Compton, California.	Yvonne Arceneaux	politician
occupation	Gary Mawson (born May 17, 1963 in Etobicoke, Ontario, Canada) is a former Canadian-born American darts player, who currently resides in Pompano Beach, Florida, United States.	Gary Mawson	darts player
occupation	Jane Sharp was a 17th-century English midwife, who published in 1671 The Midwives Book: or the Whole Art of Midwifery Discovered, becoming the first English woman to publish a book on midwifery.	Jane Sharp	midwife
occupation	Joel Rullis is an Australian-born rugby league player who represented Russia in the 2000 World Cup.	Joel Rullis	rugby league player
occupation	Louie Pérez (born January 29, 1953) is an American songwriter, percussionist and guitarist for Los Lobos and Latin Playboys.	Louie Pérez	songwriter
occupation	Chris Kientz (born June 6, 1967 in Manhattan, Kansas) is an American/Canadian animator, television producer, director and educator.	Chris Kientz	animator	television producer
occupation	Rhonda Roland Shearer is an American sculptor, scholar and journalist, who founded the nonprofit organization Art Science Research Laboratory with her late husband Stephen Jay Gould.	Rhonda Roland Shearer	sculptor	journalist
occupation	Costa Ioannides is a freelance journalist and the Cypriot representative of the BBC World Service European Panel.	Costa Ioannides	journalist
occupation	Steve Mizerak (October 12, 1944, in Perth Amboy, New Jersey -- May 29, 2006), nicknamed ``the Miz'', was a world champion pool player dominant during the 1970s and early 1980s in the game of 14.1 continuous.	Steve Mizerak	pool player
occupation	Gabrielle Burton (born Gabrielle Diane Bridget Baker; August 21, 1939 -- September 3, 2015) was an American feminist novelist and screenwriter.	Gabrielle Burton	novelist	screenwriter
occupation	Godefroy Engelmann was a 19th-century Franco-German lithographer and chromolithographer.	Godefroy Engelmann	lithographer
occupation	John Neulinger (April 26, 1924 - June 20, 1991) was a noted German-American psychologist and Professor Emeritus of psychology at City College of New York.	John Neulinger	psychologist
occupation	Charles Carroll Everett (June 19, 1829 in Brunswick, Maine - October 16, 1900 in Cambridge, Massachusetts) was an American divine and philosopher.	Charles Carroll Everett	philosopher
occupation	Clarence W. Blount (1921 -- 2003) was an American politician who was the first African American to be the majority leader of the Maryland State Senate.	Clarence W. Blount	politician
occupation	Annie Bélis is a French archaeologist, philologist, papyrologist and musician.	Annie Bélis	musician
occupation	Caroline Grace Cassidy is an Irish film and television actress, and author.	Caroline Grace Cassidy	author
occupation	Tom Binns is a British writer, actor, comic, television presenter and radio presenter.	Tom Binns	actor
occupation	Khayyam Sarhadi (1949 -- February 3, 2011) was a Pakistani film and television actor and a radio personality.	Khayyam Sarhadi	actor
occupation	Tyree Pittman (born November 14, 1993), better known by his stage name Young Chop or Young Chop On Da Beat, is an American record producer and entrepreneur from Chicago, Illinois.	Young Chop	record producer
occupation	Bliss Carman FRSC (April 15, 1861 -- June 8, 1929) was a Canadian poet who lived most of his life in the United States, where he achieved international fame.	Bliss Carman	poet
occupation	Mansour al-Nogaidan is a Saudi writer, reformist and journalist.	Mansour al-Nogaidan	journalist
occupation	Cyril Edward Cain (February 1, 1883 − August 14, 1963) was a licensed preacher, university professor, and historian.	Cyril Edward Cain	preacher	historian
occupation	Bonnie Strauss is an award winning broadcast journalist and documentary filmmaker.	Bonnie Strauss	journalist
occupation	Garnet Mimms (born Garrett Mimms, November 16, 1933) is an American singer, influential in soul music and rhythm and blues.	Garnet Mimms	singer
occupation	Luke James Boyd better known as Luke James, is a two-time Grammy-nominated American singer-songwriter.	Luke James	singer-songwriter
occupation	Vidmantas Bačiulis is a Lithuanian screenwriter, film and TV film director.	Vidmantas Bačiulis	film director
occupation	Gary Nixon (January 25, 1941 -- August 5, 2011) was an American professional motorcycle racer who most notably won the A.M.A. Grand National Championship in 1967 and 1968 as a member of the Triumph factory racing team.	Gary Nixon	motorcycle racer
occupation	John Craig Venter (born October 14, 1946) is an American biotechnologist, biochemist, geneticist, and entrepreneur.	Craig Venter	biochemist	geneticist	entrepreneur
occupation	Elizabeth Norman McKay (née Norman) is an English musicologist, pianist and Lieder accompanist.	Elizabeth Norman McKay	musicologist
occupation	Brad Savage (born December 9, 1965) is an American actor best known for his role as Danny in the 1984 movie Red Dawn, for which he received a nomination for the Young Artist Award in the category ``Best Young Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture Musical, Comedy, Adventure or Drama''.	Brad Savage	actor
occupation	Giorgos Catsadorakis is a Greek biologist.	Giorgos Catsadorakis	biologist
occupation	George S. S. Codington was a politician in the Dakota Territory.	George S. S. Codington	politician
occupation	Buddy Fields was an important songwriter during the early twentieth century.	Buddy Fields	songwriter
occupation	Basil Stewart is a Canadian politician who served as the mayor of Summerside, Prince Edward Island from 1985 to 2014.	Basil Stewart	politician
occupation	Wilhelm Denifl (born November 10, 1980) is an Austrian nordic combined skier who has competed since 2000.	Wilhelm Denifl	skier
occupation	Lizzie Haines is a lingerie model.	Lizzie Haines	model
occupation	Claude King (February 5, 1923 -- March 7, 2013) was an American country music singer and songwriter, best known for his million selling 1962 hit, ``Wolverton Mountain''.	Claude King	singer
occupation	Algaut (or Algöt) was a Geatish king who ruled West Götaland according to the Heimskringla.	Algaut	king
occupation	Bularchus was an Ancient Greek painter;	Bularchus	painter
occupation	Dominique Marquis Cole (born March 9, 1991), better known by his stage name Domo Genesis, is an American rapper from Los Angeles, currently signed to Odd Future Records.	Domo Genesis	rapper
occupation	Egidius de Francia, also known as Egidius de Murino and Magister Frater Egidius, was a medieval French composer and music theorist active in the 14th century.	Egidius de Francia	composer
occupation	Vachagan III the Pious was the last king of Caucasian Albania from the Arsacid Dynasty.	Vachagan III	king
occupation	Friendly Rich, born Richard Marsella, is a Canadian vanguard music composer/musician from Brampton, Ontario.	Friendly Rich	composer
occupation	Alex Deibold (born May 8, 1986) is an American snowboarder from Manchester, Vermont.	Alex Deibold	snowboarder
occupation	Nicolas Slonimsky (April 27 (O.S. April 15) 1894 -- December 25, 1995), born Nikolai Leonidovich Slonimskiy (Russian: Никола́й Леони́дович Сло́нимский), was a Russian-born American conductor, author, pianist, composer and lexicographer.	Nicolas Slonimsky	conductor	composer
occupation	Roy Del Ruth (October 18, 1895, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania -- April 27, 1961) was an American film director.	Roy Del Ruth	film director
occupation	Eduardo Mosquera (born March 15, 1985), better known by his stage name Eddy Lover, is a Panamanian reggaeton and Spanish reggae singer-songwriter.	Eddy Lover	singer
occupation	Curtis Lee (October 28, 1939 -- January 8, 2015) was an American singer of the early 1960s, who twice over was one of the beneficiaries of 1961 productions by Phil Spector.	Curtis Lee	singer
occupation	Jesse L. Martin (born Jesse Lamont Watkins; January 18, 1969) is an American actor and singer.	Jesse L. Martin	actor
occupation	Tony LeMans was a singer and songwriter associated with Prince and signed to Prince's Paisley Park Records.	Tony LeMans	singer
occupation	Michael Elconin (June 20, 1953-) is an American politician, investor, and technology consultant.	Michael Elconin	politician
occupation	Vijay Ebenezer is an Indian music composer, who mainly produces film scores and soundtracks in the Tamil film industry.	Vijay Ebenezer	composer
occupation	Anton Kramarenko (Russian: Антон Крамаренко; born January 27, 1984) is a Kyrgyz former swimmer, who specialized in breaststroke events.	Anton Kramarenko	swimmer
occupation	William Ezra Worthen (March 14, 1819 -- April 2, 1897) was a Harvard educated American civil engineer.	William Ezra Worthen	civil engineer
occupation	Gilbert Sorrentino (April 27, 1929 -- May 18, 2006) was an American novelist, short story writer, poet, literary critic, professor, and editor.	Gilbert Sorrentino	writer
occupation	Christabella Rogers (b. 1618? - ?) was a 17th-century English poet and author of an untitled song addressed to Cupid.	Christabella Rogers	poet
occupation	André Jung (born May 12, 1961) is a Brazilian drummer and journalist, best known for his performances in the band Ira!.	André Jung	journalist
occupation	Maya Asmar (Arabic: مايا أسمر‎), better known by her stage name Maya Nasri, is a Lebanese singer, recording artist, and actress.	Maya Nasri	singer
occupation	The career of Miko Mission began at a young age, performing as a singer in a comedy represented by Alessandria, Gelindo at age seven.	Miko Mission	singer
occupation	Mile Markovski (Bulgarian: Миле Марковски) was a Bulgarian and Macedonian writer.	Mile Markovski	writer
occupation	Pedro Lasch is a visual artist born in Mexico City, and based in the U.S. since 1994.	Pedro Lasch	artist
occupation	Katherine Washington is a former American women's basketball player, who played on the first two U.S. women's national teams, earning world championships in 1953 and 1957.	Katherine Washington	basketball player
occupation	Olurotimi Akinosho better known by his stage name, Rotimi, is an American singer-songwriter, actor and model.	Rotimi	singer-songwriter	actor
occupation	John Dewey (/ˈduːi/; October 20, 1859 -- June 1, 1952) was an American philosopher, psychologist, Georgist, and educational reformer whose ideas have been influential in education and social reform.	John Dewey	philosopher	psychologist
occupation	Vladimir Vasin (born 1947) is a former Soviet diver and Olympic champion.	Vladimir Vasin	diver
occupation	Nevenka Petrić (born 1927, Maslovare) is a Serbian writer, poet, educationalist, and expert in the fields of family planning and gender relations.	Nevenka Petrić	poet
occupation	Warren Mahy is an artist whose work has appeared in role-playing games.	Warren Mahy	artist
occupation	Qiu Jun (Chinese: 邱峻; Pinyin: Qiū Jùn; born August 24, 1982) is a Chinese professional Go player.	Qiu Jun	Go player
occupation	Nikolai V. Ivanov (in Russian: Николай В. Иванов, born in 1954) is a Russian mathematician who works on topology, geometry and group theory (particularly, modular Teichmüller groups).	Nikolai V. Ivanov	mathematician
occupation	Brigitte Neveux is a French politician and a member of the far-right FN.	Brigitte Neveux	politician
occupation	Jon Friedberg is an American professional poker player and business owner.	Jon Friedberg	poker player
occupation	Perley Keyes (February 24, 1774 Acworth, then in Cheshire Co., now in Sullivan County, New Hampshire -- May 13, 1834 Watertown, Jefferson County, New York) was an American politician from New York.	Perley Keyes	politician
occupation	Kristi Leskinen (born February 10, 1981 in Uniontown, Pennsylvania) is an American freestyle skier.	Kristi Leskinen	freestyle skier
occupation	Aulus Sempronius Atratinus was a Roman Republican politician of the gens Sempronia during the beginning of the 5th century BC. He served as Consul of Rome in 497 BC and again in 491 BC. He was of the patrician branch of his gens although the Sempronia gens also included certain plebeian families.	Aulus Sempronius Atratinus	politician
occupation	William Alexander Baird (September 10, 1867 -- May 30, 1940), commonly referred to as W.A. Baird, was an Ontario lawyer and politician.	William Alexander Baird	lawyer	politician
occupation	At an early age, Mahvash lost her mother and became a prostitute growing up in the brothels of Tehran, Iran.	Mahvash	prostitute
occupation	Yemane Ghebremichael (commonly known as Yemane Baria) was a well-known Eritrean songwriter, composer and singer.	Yemane Baria	songwriter	composer
occupation	Sándor Farkas (born September 18, 1953) is a Hungarian politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) for Szentes (Csongrád County Constituency V then III) since 2010.	Sándor Farkas	politician
occupation	Bjørn Melhus is a German artist of Norwegian ancestry known for experimental short films, videos and installations.	Bjørn Melhus	artist
occupation	Bernadette Cozart (May 17, 1947/1949 -- July 27, 2009) was an American professional gardener, botanist and urban gardening advocate.	Bernadette Cozart	botanist
occupation	Sir Clement le Neve Foster FRS (March 23, 1841 -- April 19, 1904) was an English geologist and mineralogist.	Clement le Neve Foster	mineralogist
occupation	David Barratt is British music composer.	David Barratt	composer
occupation	Filippa Palmstierna Hamilton, also known as Filippa Hamilton-Palmstierna, (born December 3, 1985), is a Swedish-French model.	Filippa Hamilton	model
occupation	Elwood Reid is an American novelist, television and short-story writer.	Elwood Reid	novelist
occupation	Mwenda Njoka is a Kenyan investigative journalist and winner of CNN Journalist of the Year Award.	Mwenda Njoka	journalist
occupation	David ben Abraham ha-Laban (דוד בן אברהם הלבן) was a French religious philosopher and kabalist who lived after 1200.	David ben Abraham ha-Laban	philosopher
occupation	Daniel Callus (1888--1965) was a Maltese historian and philosopher.	Daniel Callus	historian	philosopher
occupation	Yosef Yitzchak Jacobson (born June 11, 1972) is an American Chabad rabbi and the dean and Rosh Yeshiva of theyeshiva.net.	Yosef Yitzchak Jacobson	rabbi
occupation	Kimberlie R. Acosta (aka Kimberlie R. Hall) is a well known photographer in Indian Country.	Kimberlie R. Acosta	photographer
occupation	William Frierson Cooper (March 11, 1820 -- May 7, 1909) was a lawyer, planter and politician.	William Frierson Cooper	lawyer
occupation	S. Senadeera (first name and birthdate unknown) was a Sri Lankan cricketer.	S. Senadeera	cricketer
occupation	Blue Demon Jr. (born July 19, 1966) is a Mexican luchador and professional wrestler.	Blue Demon Jr.	professional wrestler
occupation	Rev. Charles Hartwell (Chinese: 夏察理; Pinyin: Xià Chálǐ; Foochow Romanized: Hâ Chák-lī; December 19, 1825 - January 30, 1905) was an American Board missionary to Foochow, China in the second half of the 19th century.	Charles Hartwell	missionary
occupation	Ye Duzheng (simplified Chinese: 叶笃正; traditional Chinese: 葉篤正; February 21, 1916 -- October 16, 2013) was a meteorologist and academician at the Chinese Academy of Sciences.	Ye Duzheng	meteorologist
occupation	Eli Mandel (December 3, 1922 - September 3, 1992) was a Canadian poet, editor of many Canadian anthologies, and literary academic.	Eli Mandel	poet
occupation	Chauncey Leopardi (born June 14, 1981) is an American and Singaporean television and film actor.	Chauncey Leopardi	actor
occupation	Damon Sharpe; born Damon Jared Reinagle; is an American award-winning record producer and songwriter who works in Los Angeles.	Damon Sharpe	songwriter
occupation	Kathleen Hanna (born November 12, 1968) is an American musician, feminist activist, and punk zine writer.	Kathleen Hanna	musician
occupation	Kaisa Miettinen is a Finnish mathematician and the Vice Rector of the University of Jyväskylä in Finland.	Kaisa Miettinen	mathematician
occupation	Lisa Lynne is a Celtic harpist, a composer and new-age recording artist residing in Los Angeles, California.	Lisa Lynne	composer
occupation	Eef van Breen (born January 3, 1978) is a Dutch jazz trumpeter, singer, arranger and composer.	Eef van Breen	trumpeter	composer
occupation	Dale Chihuly (born September 20, 1941), is an American glass sculptor and entrepreneur.	Dale Chihuly	sculptor
occupation	Albert Lester (ca. 1803 -- March 14, 1867 Canandaigua, Ontario County, New York) was an American lawyer and politician.	Albert Lester	politician
occupation	Wilson Markle (born September 2, 1938) is a Canadian engineer who invented the film colorization process in 1970.	Wilson Markle	engineer
occupation	Tom Maidhc O'Flaherty was an Irish Communist politician in the early 20th century and a supporter of the Trotskyist James P. Cannon.	Tom Maidhc O'Flaherty	politician
occupation	Alice Gold (Alice McLaughlin) is an English singer-songwriter based in London, formerly signed to Sunday Best and currently signed to Fiction Records.	Alice Gold	singer-songwriter
occupation	Jan Yanehiro is a Japanese-American broadcast journalist.	Jan Yanehiro	journalist
occupation	Evens Stievenart is a French racing driver with significant experience in ice racing.	Evens Stievenart	racing driver
occupation	Richard Shusterman is an American pragmatist philosopher.	Richard Shusterman	philosopher
occupation	István Werbőczy or Stephen Werbőcz (also spelled Verbőczy; 1458? -- 1541) was a Hungarian jurist and statesman who first became known as a scholar and theologian of such eminence that he was appointed to accompany the emperor Charles V to Worms, to take up the cudgels against Martin Luther.	István Werbőczy	statesman	theologian
occupation	Rodney Kendrick (born April 30, 1960) is an American jazz pianist, bandleader, composer, and producer.	Rodney Kendrick	bandleader	composer
occupation	Robert Poynter (born December 5, 1937) is an American retired sprinter.	Robert Poynter	sprinter
occupation	Bruce Mahler (born September 12, 1950) is an American actor, producer, and writer.	Bruce Mahler	actor
occupation	Bostin Christopher is an American actor most known for his role as Otis Broth in the 2008 film Otis.	Bostin Christopher	actor
occupation	Chiang Been-huang (Chinese: 蔣丙煌; pinyin: Jiǎng Bǐnghuáng) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Chiang Been-huang	politician
occupation	George Edmund Holt (February 15, 1881; Moline, Illinois - October 16, 1950; San Diego, California) was an American journalist.	George Edmund Holt	journalist
occupation	George Johnson Clarke, KC (October 10, 1857 -- February 26, 1917) was a New Brunswick lawyer, journalist and politician.	George Johnson Clarke	lawyer	politician
occupation	Keri Davies is a radio producer and playwright, best known for his work on the BBC radio soap opera The Archers.	Keri Davies	playwright
occupation	Wally Peterson (October 11, 1917 -- March 30, 2011) was an American actor, singer, songwriter and stage manager.	Wally Peterson	singer
occupation	Francesco Ricchino was an Italian architect of the Renaissance period, born in Rovato and mainly active in his native Brescia.	Francesco Ricchino	architect
occupation	Lara Jo Regan, American photographer, is known as the winner of the World Press Photo of the Year (2000) and the creator of the Mr. Winkle photo collection that achieved international cult popularity.	Lara Jo Regan	photographer
occupation	Yuri Sazonoff is a contemporary Canadian composer and music producer with over than 120 credits up today.	Yuri Sazonoff	composer
occupation	Kevin Hensley is a competitive swimmer from the United States Virgin Islands.	Kevin Hensley	swimmer
occupation	Roberto Pla (born February 13, 1947) is a Colombian percussionist best known as the 'God-Father of Latin Music in the UK' for his contribution to the live music scene in the united kingdom, particularly in Afro- influenced rhythms.	Roberto Pla	percussionist
occupation	Tom Dolby (born January 17, 1975) is an American filmmaker, novelist, essayist, journalist, and editor.	Tom Dolby	novelist	journalist
occupation	Garin Wolf is an American television writer and playwright.	Garin Wolf	writer
occupation	Lela Viola Barton (1901--1967) was an American botanist who specialized in seed germination and storage.	Lela Viola Barton	botanist
occupation	Michael Brauer is a New York-based mix engineer.	Michael Brauer	engineer
occupation	Byron Moffatt Britton (September 3, 1833 -- November 19, 1920) was a politician, lawyer and lecturer.	Byron Moffatt Britton	politician
occupation	Wally Albright (September 3, 1925 -- August 7, 1999) was an American former child actor.	Wally Albright	actor
occupation	Gacian Reyneau (fl. 1398--1429) was a Burgundian composer at the court of Martin of Aragon.	Gacian Reyneau	composer
occupation	Jan Leighton (December 27, 1921 - November 16, 2009) was an American actor and model who appeared in more than 3,000 roles.	Jan Leighton	actor
occupation	Luke Bracey (born April 26, 1989) is an Australian actor, known for his role on Home and Away as Trey Palmer.	Luke Bracey	actor
occupation	Joseph W. Eaton, born Josef Wechsler (September 28, 1919 -- October 15, 2012), was an American sociologist who published widely in the fields of social work, sociology, public health, and public and international affairs.	Joseph W. Eaton	sociologist
occupation	Tim McNulty (born 1970) of County Meath, Republic of Ireland is a rally driver.	Tim McNulty	rally driver
occupation	Romain Garnier is a French linguist and writer, specialized in Indo-European linguistics.	Romain Garnier	linguist
occupation	Mark S. Komrad (born June 26, 1957, New York, New York, United States) is an American psychiatrist on the clinical and teaching staff of Sheppard Pratt Hospital and the Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore Clinical Assistant Professor of Psychiatry at the Sheppard Pratt Campus of the University of Maryland.	Mark S. Komrad	psychiatrist
occupation	André Briend is a French pediatric nutritionist best known for his 1996 co-formulation of Plumpy'nut, a Ready-to-Use Therapeutic Food (RUTF), with Dr. Mark Manary.	André Briend	nutritionist
occupation	Ishwar Dayal Mishra (Nepali: इश्वरदयाल मिश्र) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Tarai Madhes Loktantrik Party.	Ishwar Dayal Mishra	politician
occupation	Daniel Libeskind (born May 12, 1946) is a Polish-American architect, artist, professor and set designer of Polish Jewish descent.	Daniel Libeskind	architect
occupation	Fabio Fiallo, in full Fabio Federico Fiallo Cabral (February 3, 1866 - August 29, 1942) was a Dominican writer, poet and politician.	Fabio Fiallo	writer	politician
occupation	U. W. Clemon (born April 9, 1943) is a retired federal judge.	U. W. Clemon	judge
occupation	Jean-Paul Fouchécourt then went on to work extensively with the conductor Marc Minkowski and his Musiciens du Louvre: highlights of his career in the Baroque repertory include the title roles of Hippolyte et Aricie by Rameau, Titon et l’Aurore by Mondonville, Acis et Galatée by Lully and Resurrezione by Handel.	Jean-Paul Fouchécourt	conductor
occupation	K. Nalla Thambi is an Indian politician and incumbent Member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from the Egmore Constituency in Chennai District.	K. Nalla Thambi	politician
occupation	The later historian Pelayo of Oviedo, who continued Sampiro's chronicle down to his own age, replaced this laudatory section with an attack on the king, bequeathing to historiography the nickname by which Vermudo II is always known: ``the Gouty'' (el Gotoso).	Sampiro	historian
occupation	Charles Henry Caffin (June 4, 1854 -- January 14, 1918) was an Anglo-American writer and art critic, born in Sittingbourne, Kent, England.	Charles Henry Caffin	writer
occupation	Robert Lee Barker (born 1937) is a psychotherapist, author, editor, professor of social work.	Robert Lee Barker	psychotherapist
occupation	Milton Pollack (September 29, 1906 -- August 13, 2004) was a longtime federal judge in New York City.	Milton Pollack	judge
occupation	After an initial career as a naval officer and helicopter pilot, Guillaume Giscard d'Estaing entered Turbomeca (Snecma group) based in Pau in 1994 as Sales Manager and, later, Marketing Director.	Guillaume Giscard d'Estaing	helicopter pilot
occupation	Aaron Jack, full name Daniel Aaron Jack, is an American businessman and former politician.	Aaron Jack	politician
occupation	Nahla Chahal is a writer, journalist, researcher and activist, born to an Iraqi mother and Lebanese father, who were both communist militants.	Nahla Chahal	journalist
occupation	Jelte Steven Tuinstra (born January 24, 1991), known by his stage name as Jett Rebel, is a Dutch singer-songwriter, composer, multi-instrumentalist and recording artist.	Jett Rebel	singer
occupation	Nouman Javaid (born 28 October 1982 in Lahore), is a Pakistani actor and singer/musician.	Nouman Javaid	musician
occupation	Prajñāvarman (Tibetan: shes rab go cha) was an 8th-century Buddhist writer.	Prajñāvarman	writer
occupation	Thomas J. Kelly III is an American photojournalist based in greater Philadelphia, where he works free-lance for electronic and print outlets since 1995.	Thomas J. Kelly III	photojournalist
occupation	Szu Hui-fang (Chinese: 施惠方; pinyin: Shī Hùifāng, born January 29, 1984) is a Taiwanese volleyball player who currently plays as the libero in the Chinese Taipei women's national volleyball team.	Szu Hui-fang	volleyball player
occupation	Gaetano Astolfoni (Veneto, 18-19th century) was an Italian painter, active from 1820 to 1840 in Venice and Ravenna, painting sacred subjects.	Gaetano Astolfoni	painter
occupation	Michael Dulin is an American pianist and composer.	Michael Dulin	composer
occupation	Wim De Waele is a Belgian economist and computer scientist.	Wim De Waele	economist	computer scientist
occupation	Marilyn A. Brown is an American geographer on the faculty of the Georgia Institute of Technology and is a member of the Tennessee Valley Authority board of directors.	Marilyn A. Brown	geographer
occupation	Julien Lon Tinkle (March 20, 1906 -- January 11, 1980) was a historian, author, book critic, and professor who specialized in the history of Texas.	Lon Tinkle	historian
occupation	Marivana Viscuso is an Italian singer, songwriter and composer who lives in the U.S. state of Florida.	Marivana Viscuso	singer
occupation	Viktorija Andrulytė (born 16 April 1992) is Lithuanian yacht racer.	Viktorija Andrulytė	yacht racer
occupation	Julián Felipe (January 28, 1861 -- October 2, 1944), was the composer of the music of the Philippine national anthem, formerly known as ``Marcha Nacional Magdalo'', now known as Lupang Hinirang.	Julián Felipe	composer
occupation	James C. Scott (born 1936) is a political scientist and anthropologist.	James C. Scott	political scientist	anthropologist
occupation	Isabelle de Montolieu (1751-1832) was a Swiss novelist and translator.	Isabelle de Montolieu	novelist	translator
occupation	Dr. Anthony C. Griffin is a board certified plastic surgeon member of the American Society of Plastic Surgeons and is a Fellow of the American College of Surgeons.	Anthony C. Griffin	plastic surgeon
occupation	Robyn Troup (born February 11, 1988 in Houston, Texas) is an American singer who was the winner of the ``My Grammy Moment'' contest organized by NARAS and Yahoo! Music and announced at the 49th Annual Grammy Awards on February 11, 2007.	Robyn Troup	singer
occupation	Maurine Brown Neuberger-Solomon, best known as Maurine Neuberger (January 9, 1907 -- February 22, 2000) was an American politician who served as a United States senator for the State of Oregon from November 1960 to January 1967.	Maurine Neuberger	politician
occupation	Cassell & Co., 1890--94 5 vols., 4to, with 180 mounted photographs by W. & D. Downey A grand old photographer, series of 10 weekly articles in Pall Mall Budget 1 January -- 19 March 1891, illus Our Royal photographs --	W. & D. Downey	photographer
occupation	Dr. Augusto Caraceni is a former Italian racing driver.	Augusto Caraceni	racing driver
occupation	Henry Banyer (fl. 1739), was a medical writer.	Henry Banyer	writer
occupation	John de Halton (died 1324), also called John de Halghton, was an English priest and Bishop of Carlisle from 1292 to 1324.	John de Halton	priest
occupation	Charlotte Zolotow (born Charlotte Gertrude Shapiro June 26, 1915 -- November 19, 2013) was an American writer, poet, editor, and publisher of many books for children.	Charlotte Zolotow	writer
occupation	Daniel C. Swan is an American cultural anthropologist and museum curator whose work has focused on documenting and interpreting the cultural history of the Americas.	Daniel C. Swan	anthropologist
occupation	Nickson Kolo is a rugby league player, a blockbusting forward who plays for the newly formed club Gulf Isapeas in the Digicel Cup in Papua New Guinea, He is a former Papua New Guinea international.	Nickson Kolo	rugby league player
occupation	Ahn Ji-hwan (Korean: 안지환; born July 24, 1969) is a South Korean voice actor, television presenter, radio presenter, and actor.	Ahn Ji-hwan	voice actor	presenter	actor
occupation	Richard Donner's cousin is actor Steve Kahan, who played a policeman tracking Otis in Superman:	Richard Donner	actor
occupation	Jamie Lee Darley (born Shoreham-by-Sea, England, June 12, 1986 is an American model known for competing in the 2009 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show Model Search.	Jamie Lee Darley	model
occupation	Following the sovietization of Georgia in 1921, he emigrated to the United States, where he was known as Simon Sidamon-Eristoff after his Russified surname and worked as an engineer.	Simon Sidamon-Eristoff	engineer
occupation	Hermann Max Pechstein (December 31, 1881 -- June 29, 1955) was a German expressionist painter and printmaker, and a member of the Die Brücke group.	Max Pechstein	painter
occupation	Bharavi (IAST: Bhāravi, Sanskrit: भारवि) (c. 6th century CE) was a Sanskrit poet known for his Mahakavya (epic), the Kirātārjunīya (Arjuna and the Mountain Man) in 18 cantos based on an episode from the Mahabharata.	Bharavi	poet
occupation	Anouar Brahem (in Tunisian Arabic أنور براهم) (born on October 20, 1957) is a Tunisian oud player and composer.	Anouar Brahem	composer
occupation	Mika Horiuchi (born April 22, 1986) is a Japanese-American musician.	Mika Horiuchi	musician
occupation	Ismenias (Ancient Greek: Ἰσμηνίας) was an ancient Theban politician of the 4th century BC. He rose to power in the years after the Peloponnesian War and pursued an anti-Spartan policy, which included harboring exiles fleeing the Thirty Tyrants in Athens.	Ismenias	politician
occupation	Phil Lo Greco (born July 6, 1984 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian professional boxer in the Welterweight division former WBC International Welterweight Champion.	Phil Lo Greco	boxer
occupation	Xenia Cage (born Xenia Andreyevna Kashevaroff, August 15, 1913 -- September 26, 1995) was an American painter, sculptor, bookbinder, conservator, and musician notable for her surrealist mobiles and artistic collaborations.	Xenia Cage	painter
occupation	Francisco Trinaldo (Portuguese pronunciation: (fɾɐ̃ˈsisku tɾiˈnawdu); born August 24, 1978) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who competes in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.	Francisco Trinaldo	mixed martial artist
occupation	Karin Tülling (born 19 April 1955) is a retired German freestyle swimmer who won a bronze medal at the 1970 European Aquatics Championships.	Karin Tülling	swimmer
occupation	Michael Doucet (b. Feb 14, 1951) is an American Cajun fiddler, singer and songwriter who founded the Cajun band BeauSoleil from Lafayette, Louisiana.	Michael Doucet	fiddler	singer
occupation	Samm-Art Williams (born Samuel Arthur Williams; January 20, 1946) is an American playwright and screenwriter, and a stage and film/TV actor.	Samm-Art Williams	playwright	screenwriter
occupation	Claude Bettinger was a sculptor and stained glass artist.	Claude Bettinger	sculptor
occupation	Pongalur N. Palanisamy (Tamil: பொங்கலூர் ந. பழனிசாமி) is a politician from the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Pongalur N. Palanisamy	politician
occupation	Chris Priestley (born 1958) is an award-winning British children's book author and illustrator.	Chris Priestley	illustrator
occupation	Simon Ashdown is a British television writer, best known as being a BAFTA award-nominated EastEnders writer.	Simon Ashdown	writer
occupation	Richard Beale (b. c. 1920) is a British actor.	Richard Beale	actor
occupation	Olive Crane is a Canadian politician and social worker from Douglas Station, Prince Edward Island.	Olive Crane	politician
occupation	Gerard Canonico (born July 23, 1989) is an American actor and singer, best known for his roles in Broadway and off-Broadway musicals.	Gerard Canonico	singer
occupation	Dan Elkan (born September 7, 1978) is an American singer-songwriter and producer, who is best known as the singer and guitarist for the rock band Them Hills.	Dan Elkan	singer-songwriter
occupation	Robert Grudin (born 1938) is an American writer and philosopher.	Robert Grudin	philosopher
occupation	Victor Davis Hanson (born September 5, 1953) is an American military historian, columnist, former classics professor, and scholar of ancient warfare.	Victor Davis Hanson	historian
occupation	Nick Gedney is a former English darts player who competed for the British Darts Organisation.	Nick Gedney	darts player
occupation	Madhukarrao Chavan is an Indian politician from Maharashtra state.	Madhukarrao Chavan	politician
occupation	Craig Warlow (born is 19 March 1975) is a Welsh rugby union player.	Craig Warlow	rugby union player
occupation	Len Wein and Ross Andru's Pandora Pann was described in The Comic Reader #197 (December 1981) as ``the assistant of an archaeologist who unwittingly opens Pandora's box and spends the rest of her time trying to retrieve the evil she has unleashed by doing so.''	Pandora Pann	archaeologist
occupation	Rob Roth is a multiplatform artist and director based in New York City.	Rob Roth	artist
occupation	Werner Enke is a German film actor and screenwriter.	Werner Enke	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Gino Todisco (born in Vallerotonda December 23, 1927) is an Italian linguist and literary critic.	Gino Todisco	linguist	literary critic
occupation	Norman Borisoff (April 16, 1918 -- April 21, 2013) was an American television writer, Award winning scriptwriter, and a young adult novelist.	Norman Borisoff	writer
occupation	Mini Chang (Chinese: 張甯兒; pinyin: Zhang Ning Er) is a singer and actress.	Mini Chang	singer
occupation	Eric Magennis (born 1937/1938) is an Australian Paralympic lawn bowls player and archer.	Eric Magennis	archer
occupation	Bruce Kessler (born March 23, 1936) is an American racing driver and film and television director.	Bruce Kessler	racing driver
occupation	Henry Lizardlover (born March 27, 1954 as Henry Schifberg) is a herpetoculturist, writer, and photographer who changed his last name to ``Lizardlover'' in 1986 as a symbol of his appreciation for the reptiles.	Henry Lizardlover	photographer
occupation	Harold Franklin Hawkins (December 22, 1921 -- March 5, 1963), better known as Hawkshaw Hawkins, was an American country music singer popular from the 1950s into the early 60s known for his rich, smooth vocals and music drawn from blues, boogie and honky tonk.	Hawkshaw Hawkins	singer
occupation	Shaun Caton is a British performance artist and painter, who has created over 280 live performances worldwide since the early 1980s.	Shaun Caton	painter
occupation	Toby Emmerich (born February 8, 1963) is an American producer, film executive, and screenwriter.	Toby Emmerich	screenwriter
occupation	Peter Carleton (September 19, 1755 -- April 29, 1828) was an American politician, a farmer, and a United States Representative from New Hampshire.	Peter Carleton	politician
occupation	Gérard Bertrand (born January 27, 1965) is a former rugby union player who represented France, RC Narbonne, and the Stade Français.	Gérard Bertrand	rugby union player
occupation	Shi Lemeng (Chinese: 时乐濛; pinyin: Shí Lèméng; b.12 October 1915 -- 2008) was a Chinese composer who served in the People's Liberation Army.	Shi Lemeng	composer
occupation	Zaccai Curtis (born December 25, 1981) is a pianist, bandleader and musician of Puerto Rican and African American ancestry.	Zaccai Curtis	bandleader
occupation	Bruno Agra (born Rio de Janeiro, Brazil September 1, 1980) is the current drummer of the American rock band We Are Harlot and formerly of Revolution Renaissance.	Bruno Agra	drummer
occupation	Dr. Vladimír Székely (born January 11, 1941) is a Hungarian physicist, professor at the Budapest University of Technology and Economics and a corresponding member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences .	Vladimír Székely	physicist
occupation	Alka Ajith (Malayalam: അലക അജിത്‌) is an Indian playback singer, best known for winning season 2 of Airtel Super Singer Junior, a Tamil language music competition reality TV show broadcast on Vijay TV.	Alka Ajith	singer
occupation	Betsan Llwyd is a Welsh actor and theatrical and television director.	Betsan Llwyd	actor
occupation	Kim Han Gil (Hangul: 김한길; born July 26, 1988) better known by his stage name 5Zic or Zick Jasper, is a South Korean rapper and beatboxer.	5Zic	rapper
occupation	According to Kenneth Kitchen, towards the end of the reign of Takelot I, Smendes III was succeeded by Harsiese A, a son of his brother Shoshenq C, which in addition to High priest of Amun proclaimed itself an independent sovereign in Thebes.	Smendes III	priest
occupation	Hinano Yoshikawa (吉川ひなの, born Ai Takada on December 21, 1979) is a Japanese actress, fashion model and singer.	Hinano Yoshikawa	model
occupation	Gérard Binet (born November 11, 1955) is a politician from the Canadian province of Quebec.	Gérard Binet	politician
occupation	Frank Romano is an American born guitarist, songwriter and record producer, influenced by a number of musical styles and backgrounds, but rooted primarily in a fusion of Rock, R&B, Funk and Pop.	Frank Romano	songwriter	record producer
occupation	Charles Henry Munger was a U.S. politician, who was the third Mayor of Orlando from 1878 to 1879.	Charles Henry Munger	politician
occupation	Yuichiro Ando is a Japanese-American painter, video artist, and documentary film maker.	Yuichiro Ando	painter
occupation	Ricardo Darín (Spanish pronunciation: (riˈkaɾðo ðaˈɾin); born January 16, 1957) is an Argentine actor, screenwriter and film director.	Ricardo Darín	actor
occupation	Judith Paige Mitchell (1932--2010) was a television writer, executive producer and novelist.	Judith Paige Mitchell	novelist
occupation	Dan Humphries (born August 27, 1979 in Newport, Wales) is a former bobsledder for Team GB and Canada.	Dan Humphries	bobsledder
occupation	Barbara Epstein lived with journalist Murray Kempton until his death in 1997.	Barbara Epstein	journalist
occupation	Helena Breck is a British actor, known for playing Elizabeth Willmott-Brown in the BBC soap opera EastEnders, and as the voice of NCR self-service checkout tills used in Asda, Sainsbury's and Tesco supermarkets, with phrases including ``Unexpected item in bagging area''.	Helena Breck	actor
occupation	Raden Haji Oma Irama (born December 11, 1946, in West Java), known as Rhoma Irama, is an Indonesian dangdut musician, actor and politician.	Rhoma Irama	actor
occupation	Anup Rubens is an Indian film, music composer, known for his works in Telugu cinema.	Anup Rubens	composer
occupation	Toby Wright is a record producer and mixing engineer who has worked with artists such as Alice in Chains, Metallica, Sevendust and Korn.	Toby Wright	record producer
occupation	Woodruff T. Sullivan III (``Woody'' Sullivan) (born 1944) is a U.S. physicist and astronomer, known primarily for his work in astrobiology, galactic astronomy and extragalactic astronomy, history of astronomy, gnomonics, and the search for extraterrestrial intelligence (SETI).	Woodruff T. Sullivan III	physicist	astronomer
occupation	Ali Ismael (Arabic: علي إسماعيل‎‎, December 28, 1922 -- June 16, 1974 in Cairo) was an Egyptian musician, composer of the Palestinian national anthem.	Ali Ismael	composer
occupation	Jason Arnold, known by his stage name ShyBoy, is an American singer-songwriter, producer and DJ/mashup artist.	ShyBoy	singer-songwriter
occupation	Yair Wertheimer (Hebrew: יאיר ורטהיימר‎, also known as Meir Wertheimer; born March 11, 1955) is an Israeli former tennis player.	Yair Wertheimer	tennis player
occupation	Steve Virgona is a professional real tennis player based in Chicago.	Steve Virgona	tennis player
occupation	Fred Eversley (born 1941, in Brooklyn, New York) is an American sculptor who lives and works in the Venice Beach area of Los Angeles, and in Soho, New York.	Fred Eversley	sculptor
occupation	From 1934 to 1939, Lucille Fletcher worked as a music librarian, copyright clerk and publicity writer at CBS.	Lucille Fletcher	writer
occupation	Andrei Gerachtchenko (Belarusian: Андрэй Герашчанка / Andrei Hiarashchanka; born April 29, 1970 in Minsk) is a Belarusian sport shooter.	Andrei Gerachtchenko	sport shooter
occupation	Vijay Bedi is the third generation of wildlife film maker and photographer in a family that has a long history of expertise in this highly specialized field.	Vijay Bedi	photographer
occupation	William Lowndes Yancey (August 10, 1814 -- July 27, 1863) was a journalist, politician, orator, diplomat and an American leader of the Southern secession movement.	William Lowndes Yancey	journalist	politician	diplomat
occupation	Patrick Aaron Hodgkins (born June 7, 1977), more commonly known by the stage name Haché Horchatta, is an American musician and bass guitarist for the alternative rock band As Fast As, for which he co-wrote the single Florida Sunshine on their debut album Open Letter to the Damned.	Patrick Aaron Hodgkins	musician
occupation	Karl or Philipp Carl Sprengel (March 29, 1787 -- April 19, 1859) was a German botanist from Schillerslage (now part of Burgdorf, Hanover).	Carl Sprengel	botanist
occupation	Glenn Lindgren (born Glenn Michael Lindgren on February 9, 1955) is a chef, food writer, and frequent guest on both television and radio.	Glenn Lindgren	chef
occupation	Dr. Mao Yisheng (Chinese: 茅以升; pinyin: Máo Yǐshēng; Wade--Giles: Mao2 I3-sheng1; January 9, 1896 -- November 12, 1989) was a Chinese structural engineer, an expert on bridge construction, and a social activist.	Mao Yisheng	engineer
occupation	Chandrakant Kulkarni (Marathi: चंद्रकांत कुलकर्णी) is a Marathi theatre and film director, script writer and actor.	Chandrakant Kulkarni	film director	actor
occupation	Ted Kazanoff (August 30, 1922 -- October 21, 2012) was an American actor best known for playing Judge Scarletti on the original Law & Order series.	Ted Kazanoff	actor
occupation	Khairat Al-Saleh, born in Jerusalem and educated in Syria, Egypt and the University of Wales Swansea, where she studied English literature and poetry, is a Syrian-British poet, ceramist, glassmaker, printmaker and painter living between England and Syria.	Khairat Al-Saleh	painter
occupation	Aydin Balayev Huseynaga oglu (Azerbaijani: Aydın Balayev Hüseynağa oğlu; born November 19, 1956) is an Azerbaijani historian, ethnologist and professor.	Aydin Balayev	historian
occupation	Diocles of Peparethus (Greek: Διοκλῆς; fl. late 4th -- early 3rd century BC) was a historian from the Greek island of Peparethus.	Diocles of Peparethus	historian
occupation	Daniel Tossanus (Toussain, Toussaint) (1541-1602) was a French Reformed theologian.	Daniel Tossanus	theologian
occupation	Rodney Waschka II is an American composer known for his algorithmic compositions and his theatrical works.	Rodney Waschka II	composer
occupation	Sylvia McNair (born June 23, 1956) is an American opera singer and classical recitalist who has also achieved notable success in the Broadway and cabaret genres.	Sylvia McNair	opera singer
occupation	Michael Peppiatt is an art historian, curator and writer, who graduated from Cambridge University in 1964, and joined The Observer as a junior art critic.	Michael Peppiatt	art historian
occupation	Carool Kersten is a historian of Islam and the author and editor of seven books.	Carool Kersten	historian
occupation	Anis Halloway is a Sierra Leonian singer-songwriter resident in London.	Anis Halloway	singer-songwriter
occupation	Mir Ali Heravi, also known as Mir Ali Hossein Heravi and Mir Jan, titled as Kateb-e Soltani, was a prominent Persian calligrapher and calligraphy teacher of Nastaʿlīq script in the 16th century.	Mir Ali Heravi	calligrapher
occupation	Kwame Sanaa-Poku Jantuah, originally known as John Ernest Kwame Antoa Onyina Jantuah, was a Ghanaian politician, lawyer and diplomat.	Kwame Sanaa-Poku Jantuah	politician	diplomat
occupation	Nikos Xanthopoulos (Greek: Nίκος Ξανθόπουλος) (born 14 March 1934) is a Greek actor, known for his roles in the 1960s era Greek Drama Cinema.	Nikos Xanthopoulos	actor
occupation	Julia Wolfe (born December 18, 1958) is an American composer whose music, according to the Wall Street Journal, has ``long inhabited a terrain of its own, a place where classical forms are recharged by the repetitive patterns of minimalism and the driving energy of rock.''	Julia Wolfe	composer
occupation	Sylvia Plath (/plæθ/; October 27, 1932 -- February 11, 1963) was an American poet, novelist, and short-story writer.	Sylvia Plath	poet	novelist	writer
occupation	Mary LeSawyer (October 8, 1917; Shamokin, Pennsylvania -- June 13, 2004; Orlando, Florida) was an American opera singer of Ukrainian descent who had an active international career during the 1940s through the 1960s.	Mary LeSawyer	opera singer
occupation	Narada Bakmeewewa (Sinhala: නාරද බක්මීවැව) is a popular Sri Lankan Sinhala-language television presenter and actor.	Narada Bakmeewewa	television presenter
occupation	Georghios Pikis (born 1939) is a Cypriot judge and a former member of the International Criminal Court.	Georghios Pikis	judge
occupation	Edward John Rudge, M.A. (1792--1861) was an English barrister and antiquary.	Edward John Rudge	barrister
occupation	The Master of Saint Veronica (active c. 1400 -- 1420), was a German painter in the International Gothic style.	Master of Saint Veronica	painter
occupation	Ankush Chaudhari (Marathi: अंकुश चौधरी) is an Indian Film actor, screenwriter, director, producer and Theatre personality.	Ankush Chaudhari	actor
occupation	Syd Little (born Cyril Mead on 19 December 1942) is an English comedian and was once the straight man in the double act Little and Large, with Eddie Large.	Syd Little	comedian
occupation	Lance Robertson (born April 5, 1965) is a Los Angeles-based musician, DJ, and actor also known as ``DJ Lance Rock'' on the Nick Jr. show Yo Gabba Gabba!.	Lance Robertson	musician	actor
occupation	Eric Smyth is a Northern Irish Unionist politician and Presbyterian minister.	Eric Smyth	politician
occupation	Paul Churchland (born October 21, 1942) is a Canadian philosopher noted for his studies in neurophilosophy and the philosophy of mind.	Paul Churchland	philosopher
occupation	August Musarurwa (usually identified as August Msarurgwa on record labels) was the Zimbabwean composer of the 1950s hit tune Skokiaan (also known as Skokiyana, Skokian).	August Msarurgwa	composer
occupation	Abu Bakarr Fofanah is a Sierra Leonean politician who has been Minister of Health and Sanitation in the Cabinet of Sierra Leone since 2014.	Abu Bakarr Fofanah	politician
occupation	Antonella Ragno-Lonzi (born June 6, 1940) is an Italian fencer and Olympic champion in foil competition.	Antonella Ragno-Lonzi	fencer
occupation	Boney James, (born James Oppenheim, September 1, 1961) is a saxophonist, songwriter and producer.	Boney James	saxophonist
occupation	David Hickinbotham was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football Association (VFA) and coached them in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	David Hickinbotham	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Pierre Philibert de Blancheton (9 October 1697- 6 March 1756) was a French politician and music patron and collector.	Pierre Philibert de Blancheton	politician
occupation	Tony DeMarco (born January 14, 1932), born Leonardo Liotta is an American former boxer and World Welterweight Champion.	Tony DeMarco	boxer
occupation	Heiko Müller works as an independent artist.	Heiko Müller	artist
occupation	Walker Whiteside (1869 -- 1942) was an American actor who had played Hamlet, Othello, King Lear and Shylock while still in his teens.	Walker Whiteside	actor
occupation	Lea Ivanova (August 13, 1923 -- May 28, 1986) was a Bulgarian jazz singer.	Lea Ivanova	singer
occupation	Jimmy Stofer (born February 10, 1983) is an American singer, bassist, composer, and record producer.	Jimmy Stofer	record producer
occupation	Zella Day Kerr (born March 13, 1995), known professionally as Zella Day, is an American singer-songwriter from Pinetop, Arizona.	Zella Day	singer
occupation	Aaron Michael Metchik (born April 22, 1980), also credited as Aaron Metchik, is an American actor, writer, and director, known for his role as Steven Floyd Torkelson on The Torkelsons.	Aaron Michael Metchik	actor
occupation	Ezequiel Castaño (Spanish pronunciation: (eseˈkjel kasˈtaɲo); born April 12, 1981), is a well known Argentine actor.	Ezequiel Castaño	actor
occupation	Kerry Gauthier (born November 6, 1955) is an American politician who served in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 2011 to 2013, representing portions of St. Louis County.	Kerry Gauthier	politician
occupation	Chris Reifert (born February 23, 1968) is an American death metal musician, and one of the pioneers of the death/doom genre.	Chris Reifert	musician
occupation	Yossi Brodny (Hebrew: יוסי ברודני‎; born 15 January 1971) is an Israeli politician and current mayor of the Israeli city of Giv'at Shmuel since 2008.	Yossi Brodny	politician
occupation	Nimal Mendis (1934-2015) was a Sri Lankan singer and songwriter, and was one of a handful of Sri Lankan musicians to appear on the BBC television programme Top of the Pops (1968).	Nimal Mendis	singer
occupation	John J. Gleason (b. August 26, 1954 ) is a Democratic politician and current Clerk/Register of Deeds for Genesee County, Michigan.	John J. Gleason	politician
occupation	Brett Halliday (July 31, 1904 -- February 4, 1977), primary pen name of Davis Dresser, was an American mystery writer, best known for the long-lived series of Michael Shayne novels he wrote, and later commissioned others to write.	Brett Halliday	writer
occupation	Melissa Block (born December 1961) is an American radio host and journalist.	Melissa Block	radio host	journalist
occupation	Connie Johnson (December 27, 1922 -- November 28, 2004), born Clifford Johnson Jr., was an American professional baseball player, a pitcher in the Negro Leagues and Major League Baseball.	Connie Johnson	baseball player
occupation	Dumas Malone (January 10, 1892 -- December 27, 1986) was an American historian, biographer, and editor noted for his six-volume biography on Thomas Jefferson, Jefferson and His Time, for which he received the 1975 Pulitzer Prize for history.	Dumas Malone	historian
occupation	Daniel Owen Stolpe (born November 14, 1939) is an American artist, painter, sculptor, print maker, fine art book publisher, poetry book illustrator and founder of Native Images Editions, Santa Cruz, California.	Daniel Owen Stolpe	artist
occupation	Rommel Rodrigues is an Indian author, film director, screenwriter and producer based out of Mumbai.	Rommel Rodrigues	author
occupation	Ruben Tagalog (October 18, 1922 - March 5, 1989) was a Filipino actor and musician, famous for his works in the Kundiman style.	Ruben Tagalog	actor	musician
occupation	In 2009 he received the TCLE's inaugural Chief Justice Jack Pope Professionalism Award, ``presented annually to both an appellate judge and an appellate lawyer who 'epitomize the highest level of professionalism and integrity.	Jack Pope	lawyer
occupation	Anil Kumar Awana is an Indian politician who is a member of the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Council representing the Bulandshahar Local Authorities constituency.	Anil Kumar Awana	politician
occupation	Charles Andre Dorismond (born November 4, 1964), better known by his stage name Bigga Haitian, is a Haitian musician and singer who rose to fame in the 1990s.	Bigga Haitian	musician	singer
occupation	Alan Connor is a British writer, journalist and television presenter.	Alan Connor	journalist
occupation	Nicky Love is a singer and model.	Nicky Love	singer	model
occupation	Jeanette-Triniti Marilyn Bhaguandas better known by her stage name Ms. Triniti, is a Soca - Ragga - fusion singer-songwriter who mixes the Soca, dancehall, reggae and pop genres.	Ms. Triniti	singer-songwriter
occupation	Francis Preston Blair, Sr. (April 12, 1791 -- October 18, 1876) was an American journalist and political activist.	Francis Preston Blair	journalist
occupation	Nuno Rogeiro (born December 13, 1957) is a Portuguese journalist, pundit, geopolitics expert, and professor.	Nuno Rogeiro	journalist
occupation	Jesse Edward Grinstead (October 16, 1866 -- March 8, 1948), was an American publisher, editor, poet and politician who in later life became a popular writer of Western fiction.	Jesse Edward Grinstead	politician	writer
occupation	Lisa Sanders (born July 24, 1956) is an American physician, medical author and journalist, and assistant clinical professor of internal medicine and education at Yale School of Medicine.	Lisa Sanders	journalist
occupation	She started her career working as a model and when she was 15 years old, Bruna Linzmeyer won a beauty contest named Garota Verão, promoted by the Grupo RBS, who is Rede Globo's subsidiary in Santa Catarina.	Bruna Linzmeyer	model
occupation	Aydın Dikmen (born October 15, 1937) is a Turkish art dealer who was arrested in 1998 for trying to sell Eastern Orthodox art that had been looted from Cyprus during the 1974 invasion.	Aydın Dikmen	art dealer
occupation	Kam Tang is an illustrator living and working in Brixton, London.	Kam Tang	illustrator
occupation	Lisa Thon is a fashion designer born in San Juan, Puerto Rico.	Lisa Thon	fashion designer
occupation	Ali Asghar Mohtaj (1943) is a contemporary Iranian painter.	Ali Asghar Mohtaj	painter
occupation	Martin André Rosanoff, Sc.D. (December 28, 1874 -- July 30, 1951) was a Russian-American chemist.	Martin André Rosanoff	chemist
occupation	Duncan Fallowell is an English novelist, travel writer and critic (see also entries in Oxford Companion to English Literature, 7th edition; and current Who's Who)	Duncan Fallowell	writer
occupation	James Meacham (August 16, 1810 -- August 23, 1856) was an American politician, minister and professor.	James Meacham	politician
occupation	Tony Southgate (born 25 May 1940, Coventry, England) is a British engineer and former racing car designer.	Tony Southgate	engineer
occupation	Hans Kockelmans is a Dutch composer, teacher, and performer of Early Classical and electronic music.	Hans Kockelmans	composer
occupation	Warren Shankland is a South African cricketer who plays for Gauteng.	Warren Shankland	cricketer
occupation	Bayo Adebowale (born June 6, 1944) is a Nigerian poet, prolific writer, novelist, critic, librarian and founder of the African Heritage Library.	Bayo Adebowale	poet
occupation	Karim Zenoud better known by his stage name Lacrim at times stylized as LaCrim is a French rapper.	Lacrim	rapper
occupation	Jeffrey R. Cellars is an American diplomat who is currently U.S. Chargé d'Affaires to Switzerland and Liechtenstein, after succeeding Don Beyer on July 1, 2013.	Jeffrey R. Cellars	diplomat
occupation	Harl Vincent (October 19, 1893 -- May 5, 1968) was the publication name of Harold Vincent Schoepflin, an American mechanical engineer and science fiction author.	Harl Vincent	engineer
occupation	John Parisella is an American horse trainer with 1,222 first-place finishes in 6,692 starts and $22,442,757 in career earnings.	John Parisella	horse trainer
occupation	Iain Aitch is an English writer and journalist who was born in Margate and who now lives in London.	Iain Aitch	journalist
occupation	Through it all, Fonzie worked as an auto mechanic.	Fonzie	mechanic
occupation	Canuto Borelli (January 19, 1852 - 1928) was an Italian lawyer and painter, mainly of landscapes and portraits.	Canuto Borelli	painter
occupation	Paul Hatschek (March 11, 1888 -- May 15, 1944) was a Czech engineer of optical and film technology and a member of the German Resistance against Nazism during the Third Reich.	Paul Hatschek	engineer
occupation	Colleen Marie Applegate, known by her stage name Shauna Grant (May 30, 1963 -- March 23, 1984), was an American nude model and pornographic performer.	Shauna Grant	model
occupation	Edward H. Deavitt (December 1, 1871 -- October 2, 1946) was a Vermont politician, attorney and businessman who served as Vermont State Treasurer and Speaker of the Vermont House of Representatives.	Edward H. Deavitt	politician
occupation	Yoo Seung-woo (Korean: 유승우; born February 26, 1997) is a South Korean singer, songwriter, and guitarist.	Yoo Seung-woo	singer
occupation	Lance Kerwin (born November 6, 1960) is a former American actor, known primarily for roles during his childhood and teen years in the 1970s.	Lance Kerwin	actor
occupation	Volkmar Sigusch (born June 11, 1940) is a German sexologist, physician and sociologist.	Volkmar Sigusch	sociologist
occupation	Scott W. Rothstein (born June 10, 1962) is a disbarred lawyer and the former managing shareholder, chairman, and chief executive officer of the now-defunct Rothstein Rosenfeldt Adler law firm.	Scott W. Rothstein	lawyer
occupation	Mario Marcelino is an American actor, possibly best known for his role as Mario Nunouz in the television soap opera Falcon Crest.	Mario Marcelino	actor
occupation	Matthew Croft is a former Australian rules footballer in the Australian Football League.	Matthew Croft	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Dr. John Euiwhan Kim (November 19, 1933 - May 10, 2010년) was an American theologian and pastor.	John Euiwhan Kim	pastor
occupation	Mary Rodgers (January 11, 1931 -- June 26, 2014) was an American composer of musicals and an author of children's books.	Mary Rodgers	composer	author
occupation	Frank McRae (born March 18, 1944) is an American film and television actor, and a former professional football player.	Frank McRae	actor
occupation	Marga Gomez is a Puerto Rican/Cuban-American comedian, playwright, and humorist.	Marga Gomez	playwright
occupation	Neal A. Melick was an engineer who worked for the United States federal government.	Neal A. Melick	engineer
occupation	After training to be a ballet dancer and also exploring the American dance tradition, Emmanuelle Vo-Dinh expanded her learning experience at the Merce Cunningham School in New York.	Emmanuelle Vo-Dinh	dancer
occupation	Hans Pauli (floruit 1554) was a Swedish Bridgettine monk and an alleged sorcerer, active as a professional exorcist and counter-magician.	Hans Pauli	monk
occupation	Akif Islamzade (Azerbaijani: Akif İslamzadə, born August 8, 1948 in Baku, Azerbaijani SSR, USSR) is a popular Azerbaijani singer.	Akif Islamzade	singer
occupation	Aamer Bashir (Urdu: عامر بشیر‎) (February 23, 1972 -- December 20, 2010) was a Pakistani first class cricketer.	Aamer Bashir	cricketer
occupation	José Ignacio Quintón (February 1, 1881 -- December 19, 1925), was a pianist and composer of danzas.	José Ignacio Quintón	composer
occupation	Anne Geddes, MNZM (born 13 September 1956) is an Australian-born photographer, currently living and working in New York.	Anne Geddes	photographer
occupation	Rickie D. Moore, Ph.D., is a noted theologian within the Pentecostal movement.	Rickie D. Moore	theologian
occupation	Jeong Jae-eun (Hangul: 정재은; born January 1, 1969) is a South Korean film director.	Jeong Jae-eun	film director
occupation	Parker Fennelly (October 22, 1891 -- January 22, 1988) was an American actor who appeared in ten films, numerous television episodes and hundreds of radio programs.	Parker Fennelly	actor
occupation	Hicetas (Ancient Greek: Ἱκέτας or Ἱκέτης; c. 400 -- c. 335 BC) was a Greek philosopher of the Pythagorean School.	Hicetas	philosopher
occupation	Oscar Mariné Brandi (born 1951 in Madrid, Spain) is a designer, illustrator, expert typographer and professional artist;	Oscar Mariné	designer	artist
occupation	William Brittain (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 2 known appearances in major cricket matches in 1800.	William Brittain	cricketer
occupation	Daniel Pilon (born November 13, 1940) is a Canadian-born actor, known for his role in Dallas as Naldo Marchetta.	Daniel Pilon	actor
occupation	Benjamin Heyne FLS (1770-1819) was a German, surgeon, naturalist and botanist.	Benjamin Heyne	botanist
occupation	Joan Biskupic (born c. 1956) is an American journalist, author, and lawyer who has covered the United States Supreme Court since 1989.	Joan Biskupic	journalist
occupation	Vasily Vladimirovich Petrov (Russian: Василий Владимирович Петров) (19 July (O.S. 8 July) 1761--15 August 1834) was a Russian experimental physicist, self-taught electrical technician, academician of Russian Academy of Sciences (since 1809; Corresponding member since 1802).	Vasily Vladimirovich Petrov	physicist
occupation	Sixto Pondal Ríos (April 8, 1907 - September 29, 1968) was an Argentine screenwriter, poet and dramatist.	Sixto Pondal Ríos	screenwriter
occupation	Syatilla Melvin got married on her birthday, to actor, Shaheizy Sam on February 8, 2016.	Syatilla Melvin	actor
occupation	Iris Yamashita is a Japanese-American screenwriter.	Iris Yamashita	screenwriter
occupation	Andy Marvel (born Andrew Michael Saidenberg, July 2, 1958, New York City) is an American songwriter and music producer based out of New York City.	Andy Marvel	songwriter
occupation	John Mitchum (September 6, 1919 -- November 29, 2001) was an American actor from the 1940s to the 1970s in film and television.	John Mitchum	actor
occupation	Walter Freeman Webb (May 28, 1869 -- June 1957, St. Petersburg) was an American ornithologist, conchologist and shell dealer.	Walter Freeman Webb	ornithologist
occupation	Vicenza Giovanna Rovisi (Venice, 1750 - Cavalese (Trento), 1824) was an Italian painter in a late Baroque and Neoclassical styles.	Vicenza Giovanna Rovisi	painter
occupation	Chana Orloff (1888--1968) was an Israeli Art deco and figurative art sculptor.	Chana Orloff	sculptor
occupation	Henry Hate, (born July 16, 1968) as Henry Martinez Jr in Orange, California, is a Mexican/American expatriate tattoo artist, artist and former musician living in London, England.	Henry Hate	tattoo artist
occupation	Ray Kendrick is an Australian multihull sailboat designer.	Ray Kendrick	designer
occupation	Terris Moore (April 11, 1908 in Haddonfield, New Jersey -- November 7, 1993 in Cambridge, Massachusetts) was an explorer, mountaineer, light plane pilot, and the second president of the University of Alaska.	Terris Moore	explorer
occupation	Travis Barman is an astronomer at the Lowell Observatory in Arizona, in the United States.	Travis Barman	astronomer
occupation	Henning von Essen is a Danish darts player.	Henning von Essen	darts player
occupation	Genevieve L. Asenjo is a Filipino poet, fictionist, novelist, translator, and literary scholar in Kinaray-a, Hiligaynon, and Filipino.	Genevieve L. Asenjo	poet	novelist
occupation	Algimantas Valantinas (born October 29, 1961 in Buknaičiai, Mažeikiai Rayon, Lithuanian SSR) is a Lithuanian judge.	Algimantas Valantinas	judge
occupation	Nena Danevic is a film editor who was nominated at the 57th Academy Awards for Best Film Editing.	Nena Danevic	film editor
occupation	Samuel ben Solomon of Falaise was a French rabbi, a tosafist of the twelfth and thirteenth centuries.	Samuel ben Solomon of Falaise	rabbi
occupation	Stephan Savoia is an American photographer who works for the Associated Press, where he has been a member of two Pulitzer Prize-winning teams.	Stephan Savoia	photographer
occupation	Kuo Dai-chi, (Chinese: 郭岱琦; pinyin: Guō Dàiqí; Wade--Giles: Kuo1 Tai4 Chi2; born December 16, 1981), Amis name Kanas Kociang, is a Taiwanese baseball player who currently plays for Uni-President Lions of Chinese Professional Baseball League.	Kuo Dai-chi	baseball player
occupation	Brian Zehetner is an American nutritionist for athletes and individuals, and has spent two years on the staff of the National Basketball Association's Milwaukee Bucks (as of 2006-07).	Brian Zehetner	nutritionist
occupation	Nicola Guidi di Bagno was created cardinal priest in the consistory of April 9, 1657 by Pope Alexander VII and was assigned the title of Sant'Eusebio.	Nicola Guidi di Bagno	priest
occupation	Katharina Galor (born 1966) is a German-born Israeli archaeologist specializing in ancient Israel-Palestine and Syria, mainly focusing on the Roman and Byzantine periods.	Katharina Galor	archaeologist
occupation	Blaine McCallister (born October 17, 1958) is an American professional golfer who has played on the PGA Tour, Nationwide Tour and Champions Tour.	Blaine McCallister	golfer
occupation	Reco Chapple (born in Chattanooga, Tennessee), is an American fashion designer.	Reco Chapple	fashion designer
occupation	Patrick Hoelck (pronounced /hɒl.lɒk/; born September 7, 1968) is an American filmmaker and photographer based in Los Angeles and New York City.	Patrick Hoelck	photographer
occupation	Betty Castor (born Elizabeth Bowe; May 11, 1941) is an American educator and former politician and elected officeholder.	Betty Castor	politician
occupation	Peter Banner was an English-born architect and builder who designed the Park Street Church in Boston, Massachusetts, and other buildings in New England in the early 19th century.	Peter Banner	architect
occupation	Stan Szelest (February 11, 1943 -- January 20, 1991) was an American musician, known for founding an influential blues band in the 1950s and 1960s, Stan and the Ravens, and then later as a keyboardist with The Band.	Stan Szelest	musician
occupation	Ashraf El-Ashmawi (Arabic:أشرف العشماوي) is an Egyptian author, judge and legal scholar.	Ashraf El-Ashmawi	judge
occupation	Klaus F. Müller is a German dentist and European pioneer of modern dental implantology.	Klaus F. Müller	dentist
occupation	Leon Pownall (April 26, 1943 -- June 2, 2006) was a Welsh Canadian actor and director.	Leon Pownall	actor
occupation	Jan Scherman is a Swedish journalist and CEO for the Sweden-based TV company TV4 AB.	Jan Scherman	journalist
occupation	Matthew Rothenberg (born February 16, 1965) is an American journalist and co-author of ``You're Better Than Your Job Search'' with TheLadders.com CEO Marc Cenedella.	Matthew Rothenberg	journalist
occupation	Mieczysław Kotlarczyk (1908--1978) was a Polish actor, theatre director and literary critic.	Mieczysław Kotlarczyk	actor
occupation	Burnita Shelton Matthews (December 28, 1894 -- April 25, 1988) was a judge of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia.	Burnita Shelton Matthews	judge
occupation	Robert Donald Kilpatrick, Jr. (born August 20, 1949), better known as Patrick Kilpatrick, is an American actor, director, screenwriter, producer, and journalist.	Patrick Kilpatrick	actor
occupation	Sonny Roberts (born c.1932), often known as Sonny Orbitone, is a Jamaican record producer who had success within the British reggae market in the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s with his Planetone and Orbitone record labels.	Sonny Roberts	record producer
occupation	Norbert Grund (December 4, 1717 -- July 17, 1767) was a Bohemian painter of the Rococo style.	Norbert Grund	painter
occupation	Ania Safonova is a Russian-Israeli violinist, the Associate Concertmaster of the Royal Opera House, Covent Garden .	Ania Safonova	violinist
occupation	Kevin O'Riordan born in Ireland is rugby league player for the Treaty City Titans in the Irish Elite League.	Kevin O'Riordan	rugby league player
occupation	Todd Allen (born Ottawa, Ontario) is a comedian, writer and producer based out of Vancouver, British Columbia and Los Angeles, California.	Todd Allen	comedian
occupation	Scott Nagy (born June 7, 1966) is an American college basketball coach and the current South Dakota State Jackrabbits head men's basketball coach.	Scott Nagy	basketball coach
occupation	He left both groups and formed another band (the Chris Pérez Project, which included Puerto Rican singer Angel Ferrer) in 2010.	Chris Pérez	singer
occupation	Rae Hull is a Canadian new media and television producer who began her career as a journalist and producer.	Rae Hull	journalist
occupation	Ursinus the Abbot was an abbot of Saint-Martin at Ligugé, and presumed biographer of Saint Leodegar.	Ursinus the Abbot	abbot
occupation	Milton Kaiman (March 5, 1921 - February 24, 1977), better known as Milt Kamen, was an American stand-up comic and actor with numerous television credits.	Milt Kamen	actor
occupation	Sanjib Chattopadhyay (Bengali: সঞ্জীব চট্ট্যোপাধ্যায়) (born February 28, 1936 in Kolkata, India) is a Bengali novelist and writer of short stories.	Sanjib Chattopadhyay	writer
occupation	Angie Fisher (born March 6) is an American rhythm and blues singer from California.	Angie Fisher	singer
occupation	Han Lei (Chinese: 韩磊; born February 23, 1968), also known in Mongolian as Senbor, is a Chinese folk and pop singer-songwriter.	Han Lei	singer	songwriter
occupation	Robert Bernard Hass (born 1962) is an American poet, literary critic, and professor.	Robert Bernard Hass	poet
occupation	Theodore Millon (August 18, 1928 -- January 29, 2014) was an American psychologist known for his work on personality disorders.	Theodore Millon	psychologist
occupation	Julian Harries is a British actor and playwright who works mostly in Suffolk, England.	Julian Harries	actor
occupation	Sheriff Khan was an Indian cricketer who played for Holkar.	Sheriff Khan	cricketer
occupation	Roswyn Hakesley-Brown, MPhil, BA, RN, RM, DN (Lond), Cert Ed (Birmingham) is a British nurse and researcher.	Roswyn Hakesley-Brown	nurse
occupation	Jimmy Boyd (January 9, 1939 -- March 7, 2009) was an American singer, musician, and actor.	Jimmy Boyd	singer	musician	actor
occupation	Andrzej Bogucki (November 11, 1904 -- July 29, 1978) was a Polish television, stage and film actor, as well as operetta singer and songwriter, sometimes referred to as ``The Polish Chevalier''.	Andrzej Bogucki	actor	singer
occupation	Gareth McCormack is an Irish photographer best known for his landscape and travel imagery of mountain and wilderness.	Gareth McCormack	photographer
occupation	Jesús E. Maldonado is an American research geneticist from the Center for Conservation and Evolutionary Genetics at the Smithsonian Institution.	Jesús E. Maldonado	geneticist
occupation	Stephen Decatur, Jr. (January 5, 1779 -- March 22, 1820) was a United States naval officer and commodore notable for his many naval victories in the early 19th century.	Stephen Decatur	officer
occupation	Whistlin' Alex Moore (November 22, 1899 -- January 20, 1989) was an American blues pianist, singer and whistler.	Whistlin' Alex Moore	pianist
occupation	Don R. Pears was a Republican politician from Michigan who served in the Michigan House of Representatives, and as its Speaker during the 70th and 71st Legislatures.	Don R. Pears	politician
occupation	Cleveland Abbe (December 3, 1838 -- October 28, 1916) was an American meteorologist and advocate of time zones.	Cleveland Abbe	meteorologist
occupation	Robert Wrote (c.1544-89), of Bungay, Suffolk, and of Gunton and Tunstall, Norfolk, was an English politician.	Robert Wrote	politician
occupation	Alexander Stewart Jolly (1887--1957) was a Sydney-based architect, published poet and children's author in the early 20th century.	Alexander Stewart Jolly	architect
occupation	Steve Chao is a Canadian journalist and the senior Asia correspondent for Al Jazeera English.	Steve Chao	journalist
occupation	Ziad Doueiri (Arabic: زياد دويري ‎) is a Lebanese-born cinematographer, film director and writer.	Ziad Doueiri	film director
occupation	Vidharth is an Indian actor, appearing in Tamil films.	Vidharth	actor
occupation	Jorge Román (born in Palo Santo, Formosa, Argentina) is a film and television actor.	Jorge Román	actor
occupation	Sammy Fain, born Samuel E. Feinberg, (June 17, 1902 -- December 6, 1989) was an American composer of popular music.	Sammy Fain	composer
occupation	David Ariu Christopher is a politician of Banaban descent, who has held office in two countries --	David Ariu Christopher	politician
occupation	Stephen Southon (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1825 to 1826.	Stephen Southon	cricketer
occupation	George J. Efstathiou, FAIA, RIBA is an American architect of Greek descent.	George J. Efstathiou	architect
occupation	Arthur Savile (20 December 1819 -- 23 April 1870) was an English clergyman and a cricketer who played first-class cricket for Cambridge University and other amateur teams between 1839 and 1841.	Arthur Savile	cricketer
occupation	Billinjer C. Tran is an actor/writer/director living in the Los Angeles area.	Billinjer C. Tran	actor
occupation	Rob Harper is an English musician, noted for being an early drummer for The Clash from December 1976 until January 1977.	Rob Harper	musician
occupation	Robin D'Abreo (born March 3, 1975 in Bombay, India) is a Canadian field hockey player, who earned his first international cap in 1993 against France.	Robin D'Abreo	field hockey player
occupation	Charles Jacques Villeré (1828 -- January 7, 1899) was a prominent Louisiana politician who served in the Confederate States Congress for two terms during the American Civil War.	Charles Jacques Villeré	politician
occupation	Paul Baloff (April 25, 1960 -- February 2, 2002) was an American singer, most notable for his time in thrash metal band Exodus.	Paul Baloff	singer
occupation	Kelly Masterson is an American screenwriter, playwright and writer who lives in New Jersey.	Kelly Masterson	screenwriter	playwright	writer
occupation	Alan Maley (January 7, 1931 -- May 13, 1995) was a British visual effects artist as well as a matte painter.	Alan Maley	painter
occupation	Rekha Yadav (Hindi: रेखा यादव) is an Indian politician and a member of the Bharatiya Janshakti Party.	Rekha Yadav	politician
occupation	Alicia Dujovne Ortiz (born in 1940) is an Argentine journalist and author.	Alicia Dujovne Ortiz	journalist
occupation	Rainer Poser is a German bantamweight boxer who won the bronze medals of international competitions.	Rainer Poser	boxer
occupation	Austin Williams (born November 13, 1996) is an American soap opera actor.	Austin Williams	actor
occupation	``Dangerous'' Dana Rosenblatt (born January 26, 1972, in Malden, Massachusetts) is a retired left-handed professional boxer who held a variety of boxing titles.	Dana Rosenblatt	boxer
occupation	Epaksa (Korean: 이박사, 李博士) is a South Korean Techno-trot singer.	Epaksa	singer
occupation	Judd Apatow (/ˈæpətaʊ/; born December 6, 1967) is an American producer, writer, director, actor, and comedian best known for his work in comedy films.	Judd Apatow	writer	actor
occupation	Stacy Burke is an American bondage model and pornographic actress.	Stacy Burke	model
occupation	Ken Lubas was a photojournalist on the staff of the Los Angeles Times for more than 33 years before retiring to pursue a career in fine-art photography and photo illustration.	Ken Lubas	photojournalist
occupation	Randi Hutter Epstein is a medical writer and journalist, writing for publications such as New York Times, and The Washington Post.	Randi Hutter Epstein	journalist
occupation	Sally Hamlin (born Sarah Emery Hamlin, Dec. 23 1902, Brooklyn, New York, USA, died July 4, 1987, Bar Harbor, Maine) was a child actor and recording artist.	Sally Hamlin	actor
occupation	Jónas Jónsson (known also as Jónas frá Hriflu, May 1, 1885 -- July 19, 1968) was an Icelandic educator and politician, and one of the most influential people in 20th-century Icelandic culture and politics.	Jónas Jónsson	politician
occupation	Francis Xavier Ransdell (May 23, 1861 -- February 11, 1939) was a lawyer and judge of the 6th Judicial District Court, based in Lake Providence in East Carroll Parish in the far northeastern corner of his native Louisiana.	Francis Xavier Ransdell	lawyer
occupation	Phinehas Ball (January 18, 1824 -- December 19, 1894) was an American politician who served as the mayor of Worcester, Massachusetts in 1865.	Phinehas Ball	politician
occupation	Peter Shub (born May 12, 1957 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, U.S.) is an American actor, clown and vaudeville show director who moved to Europe in the 1980s.	Peter Shub	director
occupation	Niia Bertino (born July 11, 1988), better known by her stage name Niia, is an American singer, pianist, and songwriter.	Niia	singer
occupation	Jonathan Moyle, the 28-year-old editor of the magazine 'Defence Helicopter World' and former RAF helicopter pilot, was found dead in room 1406 of Santiago's Hotel Carrera on 31.	Jonathan Moyle	helicopter pilot
occupation	Ahmad Pejman (Persian: احمد پژمان‎‎ ; born 1937), also spelled as Ahmad Pezhman, is an Iranian classical composer who resides in the United States.	Ahmad Pejman	composer
occupation	Harding Lemay (born March 16, 1922) is an American screenwriter and playwright.	Harding Lemay	screenwriter
occupation	MC Eiht and his group CMW got involved in a long tumultuous rivalry with fellow Compton DJ/rapper DJ Quik that lasted for several years.	MC Eiht	rapper
occupation	Ben Carpenter is an English stage actor who has performed in Europe and the United States.	Ben Carpenter	actor
occupation	Clarence J. Fogg was an American sailor and politician who served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives and as the forty first mayor of Newburyport, Massachusetts.	Clarence J. Fogg	politician
occupation	Wishart Bryan Bell (born in Canada, currently living in South Bend, Indiana) is an American choral conductor, pianist, music educator, and musicologist.	Wishart Bryan Bell	conductor
occupation	Jack Olsen (June 7, 1925 -- July 16, 2002) was an American journalist and author known for his crime reporting.	Jack Olsen	journalist
occupation	James Crawford Biggs (August 29, 1872 -- January 30, 1960) was an American lawyer and politician, born in Oxford, North Carolina to William and Elizabeth Arlington (Cooper) Biggs.	James Crawford Biggs	lawyer	politician
occupation	Tom Wrigglesworth is an English stand-up comedian.	Tom Wrigglesworth	comedian
occupation	Carmen Townsend (born April 20 1977) is a Canadian rock singer-songwriter from Cape Breton, Nova Scotia.	Carmen Townsend	singer
occupation	Catherine Duc is a Vietnamese-Australian composer and producer of music blending elements of ambient, classical, electronica and world music.	Catherine Duc	composer
occupation	Edmond Hall (May 15, 1901 -- February 11, 1967) was an American jazz clarinetist and bandleader.	Edmond Hall	clarinetist
occupation	Afshin Feiz is a British fashion designer based in Paris.	Afshin Feiz	fashion designer
occupation	P. Andrew Sandlin is a Christian minister, theologian and author; the founder and president of the Center for Cultural Leadership in Coulterville, California;	Andrew Sandlin	theologian
occupation	Randy Peele (born June 12, 1957) is a men's basketball coach that was most recently the head men's basketball coach at Winthrop University.	Randy Peele	basketball coach
occupation	Marc Mero (born July 9, 1960) is an American retired amateur boxer and professional wrestler, as well as a motivational speaker.	Marc Mero	professional wrestler
occupation	Pat Irwin (born May 17, 1955) is an American composer and musician who was a founding member of two bands that grew out of New York City's No Wave scene in the late 1970s, the Raybeats and 8-Eyed Spy.	Pat Irwin	composer
occupation	Aster Aweke (Amharic: አስቴር አወቀ?, ʾAster ʾAwäḳä) is an Ethiopian singer living in the United States.	Aster Aweke	singer
occupation	The Master of the Friedberg Altarpiece was an otherwise unknown German painter, active at the end of the fourteenth century.	Master of the Friedberg Altarpiece	painter
occupation	Nihat Eski (born July 24, 1963 in Tosya, Turkey) is a Dutch politician of Turkish descent.	Nihat Eski	politician
occupation	Ieuan Brydydd Hir (fl. 1450 -- 1485) was a Welsh language poet from Ardudwy in Meirionnydd, north-west Wales.	Ieuan Brydydd Hir	poet
occupation	Jamie Shewchuk (born August 5, 1985 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a lacrosse player on the Colorado Mammoth.	Jamie Shewchuk	lacrosse player
occupation	Harriet Monroe (December 23, 1860 -- September 26, 1936) was an American editor, scholar, literary critic, poet and patron of the arts.	Harriet Monroe	literary critic	poet
occupation	Eastwood Lane (May 22, 1879 -- January 22, 1951) was an American composer who wrote piano suites and ballet music.	Eastwood Lane	composer
occupation	Cyril Baker was an English cricketer active from 1929 to 1948 who played for Northamptonshire (Northants).	Cyril Baker	cricketer
occupation	Khalid Ranjha is a lawyer and politician from Punjab.	Khalid Ranjha	politician
occupation	Yonassan Gershom is a Rabbi and writer who was ordained in the Jewish Renewal movement during the 1980s and is now a follower of Breslov Hasidism.	Yonassan Gershom	writer
occupation	Roman Greenberg (Hebrew: רומן גרינברג‎; born May 18, 1982) is an Israeli former heavyweight boxer based in the United Kingdom, former International Boxing Organization's (IBO's) Intercontinental heavyweight champion, with a 27--1 record.	Roman Greenberg	boxer
occupation	Stan Statham is a former American broadcaster and politician from California.	Stan Statham	politician
occupation	Shao Bing (邵兵) is a Chinese actor who has won a Huabiao Award.	Shao Bing	actor
occupation	Sisworo Gautama Putra (May 26, 1938-January 5, 1993) was an Indonesian film director and screenwriter, best known for his work in the horror film genre.	Sisworo Gautama Putra	film director
occupation	Ratau Mike Makhalemele was a South African saxophonist, active since the 1960s.	Ratau Mike Makhalemele	saxophonist
occupation	Barry M. McCoy (born 1940) is an American physicist, known for his contributions to classical statistical mechanics, integrable models and conformal field theories.	Barry M. McCoy	physicist
occupation	John Cossette (February 22, 1957 -- April 26, 2011) was an American theater and television producer known for his work on televised award shows, especially the television broadcasts of the Grammy Awards.	John Cossette	television producer
occupation	K. C. Wu (Chinese: 吳國楨; pinyin: Wú Gúozhēn) (October 21, 1903 -- June 6, 1984) was a Chinese political figure and historian.	K. C. Wu	historian
occupation	Kenneth Anger (born Kenneth Wilbur Anglemyer; born February 3, 1927) is an American underground experimental filmmaker, actor and author.	Kenneth Anger	actor
occupation	Sarah Howells is a Welsh singer-songwriter and trance vocalist.	Sarah Howells	singer
occupation	Jean-Baptiste Cléry (1759--1809) was the personal valet to King Louis XVI.	Jean-Baptiste Cléry	valet
occupation	Ernest Torrence (June 26, 1878 - May 13, 1933) was a Scottish film character actor who appeared in many Hollywood films, including Broken Chains (1922) with Colleen Moore, Mantrap (1926) with Clara Bow, and Fighting Caravans (1931) with Gary Cooper and Lili Damita.	Ernest Torrence	actor
occupation	Nordine Oubaali (born August 4, 1986 in Noisy le Grand) is a French amateur boxer of Moroccan descent best known to win a Bronze medal at light flyweight at the 2007 World Amateur Boxing Championships.	Nordine Oubaali	boxer
occupation	Róisín O is an Irish singer, songwriter, and musician.	Róisín O	singer
occupation	Joe Petro III (born May 3, 1956) is a second-generation fine artist who works as a sculptor in bronze, clay and printmaking on silk-screen and handmade paper.	Joe Petro III	artist
occupation	Bob Hoag is an American record producer, songwriter and musician based in Mesa, Arizona.	Bob Hoag	songwriter
occupation	Carmine Orlando Tilelli (July 16, 1930 -- September 4, 2008) was an American boxer who was the middleweight champion of the world from 1963 to 1965, and was better known by his professional pseudonym of Joey Giardello.	Joey Giardello	boxer
occupation	Jatindra Kumar Nayak is a translator, literary critic, columnist, editor and educationalist from Orissa He has translated several works of Oriya literature into English, including Yantrarudha, an Oriya language novel by Chandrasekhar Rath, as 'Astride the Wheel'.	Jatindra Kumar Nayak	translator
occupation	Thurston Clarke (born 1946) is an American historian, author and journalist.	Thurston Clarke	historian	journalist
occupation	Sharmila Farooqi (Urdu: شرمیلا فاروقی ‎) (born January 25, 1978) is a politician from Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Sharmila Farooqi	politician
occupation	Arto Saari (born November 9, 1981) is a Finnish professional skateboarder and photographer.	Arto Saari	skateboarder
occupation	Salau Aliyev or Salau Aliev is a Kumyk nationalist and politician.	Salau Aliyev	politician
occupation	Ida Emerson was a Broadway composer and lyricist.	Ida Emerson	composer
occupation	Lawson Sibley (1836-March 18, 1898) was an American businessman and politician who served as the Mayor of Springfield, Massachusetts in 1892.	Lawson Sibley	politician
occupation	Ghada Owais (Arabic: غادة كرم عويس Ghāda Karam ``Owais) is a Lebanese journalist for Al Jazeera. She was born on November 6, 1977, and attended the Lebanese University, graduating in 1999. Owais joined Al Jazeera in 2006.	Ghada Owais	journalist
occupation	Jalal Barzanji (born 1953 in Arbil northern of Iraq) is a contemporary Kurdish poet and writer.	Jalal Barzanji	writer
occupation	Ji Kang is noted as an author and famous for having been a composer and zither-player.	Ji Kang	composer
occupation	Christopher Nigel Beard, known as Nigel Beard, (born 10 October 1936) is a British politician.	Nigel Beard	politician
occupation	Brian Cottle is a lawyer and judge from Saint Vincent and the Grenadines who has worked in a number of Commonwealth countries in the Caribbean.	Brian Cottle	lawyer	judge
occupation	Count Mikhail Illarionovich Vorontsov (Belarusian: Міхаіл Варанцоў; Russian: Михаи́л Илларио́нович Воронцо́в) (July 12, 1714 -- February 15, 1767) was a Russian statesman and diplomat, who laid foundations for the fortunes of the Vorontsov family.	Mikhail Illarionovich Vorontsov	diplomat
occupation	Gudlavalleti Chalapati Rao or Gudlavalleti Venkata Chalapati Rao ( వేంకట చలపతి రావు ) was a noted writer, philosopher and an ex Deputy commissioner of Endowments Department in the Government of Andhra Pradesh.	Gudlavalleti Chalapati Rao	philosopher
occupation	Charles Basing was an American artist active in New York City and Provincetown, Massachusetts, in the early 20th century.	Charles Basing	artist
occupation	Sam Colquhoun (born 20 December 1994) is an Australian rules footballer currently playing for the Port Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Sam Colquhoun	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Eduard Brückner (July 29, 1862--May 20, 1927) was a German geographer, meteorologist, glaciologist and climate scientist.	Eduard Brückner	geographer	meteorologist	glaciologist
occupation	Pieter van Lint or Peter van Lint (1609--1690) was a Flemish painter, draughtsman and designer of tapestries.	Pieter van Lint	painter
occupation	H.R. Crawford (born c. 1939) is a real estate developer and former Democratic politician in Washington, D.C. In March 1973, Crawford was nominated by President Richard Nixon to be Assistant Secretary for Housing Management at the Department of Housing and Urban Development.	H.R. Crawford	politician
occupation	Conrad Daniels (born September 11, 1941) is an American darts player who has competed since the 1970s.	Conrad Daniels	darts player
occupation	François Andrieu was a composer, most likely French, of the late 14th century.	François Andrieu	composer
occupation	Vladimir Štengl (born July 30, 1942 in Vukovar) is a Croatian politician and president of the government of the city of Vukovar.	Vladimir Štengl	politician
occupation	Nikitin Dheer is an Indian actor who works in Bollywood films.	Nikitin Dheer	actor
occupation	Craig Conn (born November 16, 1983 in St. Catharines, Ontario) is a Canadian lacrosse player who plays for the Washington Stealth in the National Lacrosse League.	Craig Conn	lacrosse player
occupation	James Tenney (August 10, 1934 -- August 24, 2006) was an American composer and influential music theorist.	James Tenney	composer	music theorist
occupation	Ali Cimen is a Turkish journalist currently working in France.	Ali Cimen	journalist
occupation	Albert Eisentraut of Oakland, California (USA), is an artist whose medium is bicycle frames.	Albert Eisentraut	artist
occupation	Gregg Burge (November 14, 1957 -- July 4, 1998) was a tap dancer and choreographer.	Gregg Burge	choreographer
occupation	Guillermo Battaglia (December 7, 1899 -- September 26, 1988) was a prolific Argentine film actor of the classic era of Argentine cinema.	Guillermo Battaglia	actor
occupation	Howard Craghead (May 25, 1908 -- July 14, 1962), nicknamed ``Judge'', was an baseball player who played professional baseball in the 1930s.	Howard Craghead	baseball player
occupation	Jim Brothers (August 15, 1941 -- August 20, 2013) was an American figurative sculptor from the U.S. state of Kansas.	Jim Brothers	sculptor
occupation	Jacob F. James was an American politician who served as the second, as well as the seventh mayor of Manchester, New Hampshire.	Jacob F. James	politician
occupation	Mike Dobbyn is an American professional long-drive golfer who holds the world record for the farthest drive in history: recorded drive at 551 yards.	Mike Dobbyn	golfer
occupation	Akio Takamori is a Japanese-American ceramic sculptor and is a faculty member at the University of Washington.	Akio Takamori	sculptor
occupation	Kim Nam-gil (Hangul: 김남길; born March 13, 1981) is a South Korean actor.	Kim Nam-gil	actor
occupation	Eunapius (Greek: Εὐνάπιος; fl. 4th--5th century AD) was a Greek sophist and historian of the 4th century AD.	Eunapius	historian
occupation	John Disco (real name John Clark) is a Scottish record producer, sound engineer and songwriter.	John Disco	songwriter
occupation	Orange Jacobs (May 2, 1827 -- May 21, 1914) was an American lawyer, newspaper publisher, and politician.	Orange Jacobs	lawyer	politician
occupation	Brontinus (Greek: Βροντῖνος; fl. 6th century BCE), or Brotinus of Metapontum, was a Pythagorean philosopher, and a friend and disciple of Pythagoras himself.	Brontinus	philosopher
occupation	Swapan Dasgupta (Bengali: স্বপন দাশগুপ্ত Shôpon Dashgupto) (born 3 October 1955) is a senior Indian journalist.	Swapan Dasgupta	journalist
occupation	Sir William Wilfred Sullivan (December 6, 1839 -- September 30, 1920) was a Prince Edward Island journalist, politician and jurist, the fourth premier of Prince Edward Island.	William Wilfred Sullivan	politician
occupation	Antonio Gutiérrez de la Fuente (1796 -- 1878) was a Peruvian politician who also served in the Peruvian military.	Antonio Gutiérrez de la Fuente	politician
occupation	Priscilla Star Diaz (born June 13, 1994), better known by her stage name P-Star, is an American rapper, dancer, model, singer, actress and music video director.	P-Star	dancer	singer
occupation	Ricardo Wright Herrero, better known by his stage name Subas Herrero (April 3, 1943 -- March 14, 2013), was a Filipino actor, comedian and singer of Spanish-American descent.	Subas Herrero	comedian
occupation	Paul DelVecchio (born July 5, 1980), publicly known as DJ Pauly D, is an American television personality and disc jockey.	Pauly D	disc jockey
occupation	Here was murdered Libero Grassi, entrepreneur, brave man, killed by the Mafia, by the omertà of the associations of industrialists, by the indifference of parties and absence of the state.	Libero Grassi	entrepreneur
occupation	Yndamiro Restano Díaz (born c. 1948) is a Cuban dissident journalist and poet who has won the 1996 Golden Pen of Freedom Award of the World Association of Newspapers and a 1994 International Press Freedom Award from the Committee to Protect Journalists.	Yndamiro Restano Díaz	journalist
occupation	Dayahang Rai (born April 13, 1980) is a Nepalese actor, director, and play writer.	Dayahang Rai	actor
occupation	Vijay Gokhale is an Indian Marathi and Hindi film and television actor and director.	Vijay Gokhale	actor
occupation	Leo White (November 10, 1882 -- September 20, 1948) was a stage performer who appeared as a character actor in many Charlie Chaplin films.	Leo White	actor
occupation	J. Suzanne Frank is a newspaper and magazine journalist who has traveled extensively in Egypt, Greece, and Israel.	Suzanne Frank	journalist
occupation	Augusto Valda Vargas (b. August 28, 1957, Suqusniyuk) is a Bolivian politician and journalist.	Augusto Valda Vargas	politician	journalist
occupation	Marianne Qvist (Jørgensen) is a Danish curler and World Champion.	Marianne Qvist	curler
occupation	Rick Vallin (September 24, 1919 -- August 31, 1977) was an actor who appeared in more than 150 films between 1938 and 1966.	Rick Vallin	actor
occupation	K. Hussan Ali is an Indian politician and presently serving Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu.	K. Hussan Ali	politician
occupation	William Heward Grafftey, PC, QC (August 5, 1928 -- February 11, 2010) was a Canadian politician and businessman.	Heward Grafftey	politician
occupation	Nawras Abu Saleh (Arabic: نورس أبو صالح‎) is a Palestinian screenwriter and film director.	Nawras Abu Saleh	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Jerry Nolte (born October 4, 1955) is a commercial artist and former teacher who formerly served as a Republican member of the Missouri House of Representatives.	Jerry Nolte	artist
occupation	Bianca Bin began dating actor Pedro Brandão in 2011.	Bianca Bin	actor
occupation	Dan Knechtges is a director and choreographer, for musicals, opera, television, film and music videos.	Dan Knechtges	choreographer
occupation	David Bruce-Payne (born 1945) is a former cathedral organist, who served at St. Philip's Cathedral, Birmingham, England.	David Bruce-Payne	organist
occupation	Mick McGowan (born February 1, 1973 in Duleek, County Meath) is an Irish darts player.	Mick McGowan	darts player
occupation	Mark Indelicato (born July 16, 1994) is an American actor, singer, fashion blogger, and photographer best known for his role in the ABC comedy series Ugly Betty, as Justin Suarez, the fashion-obsessed nephew of series protagonist Betty Suarez.	Mark Indelicato	actor
occupation	Tori Busshi (止利仏師; トリ・ブッシ) was a Japanese sculptor active in the late 6th and early 7th century.	Tori Busshi	sculptor
occupation	Robert Westenberg (born October 26, 1953) is an American musical theatre actor and acting teacher.	Robert Westenberg	actor
occupation	William Garland McQuarrie (July 26, 1876 -- May 30, 1943) was a Canadian lawyer and politician in the province of British Columbia.	William Garland McQuarrie	lawyer	politician
occupation	Thomas Young Hall was an internationally acclaimed mining engineer and coal mine owner.	Thomas Young Hall	mining engineer
occupation	Jim Dziura is an American film director, cinematographer, and editor.	Jim Dziura	film director
occupation	Antoni Ponikowski (Polish: (anˈtɔɲi pɔɲiˈkɔfskʲi); 1878--1949) was a Polish academician and politician who served as prime minister in 1918 and from 1921 to 1922.	Antoni Ponikowski	politician
occupation	Justin Yeo (born in Dubbo, New South Wales) is an Australian former professional rugby league player for the North Sydney Bears and the Balmain Tigers in the National Rugby League competition.	Justin Yeo	rugby league player
occupation	Jack Gaud was an Indian actor known mostly for portrayal of negative roles in Hindi cinema.	Jack Gaud	actor
occupation	Luis Lloréns Torres (May 14, 1876 -- June 16, 1944), was a Puerto Rican poet, playwright, and politician.	Luis Lloréns Torres	poet
occupation	Dustin Gee (24 June 1942 -- 3 January 1986) was an English impressionist and comedian, best known for his TV double act with fellow comic, Les Dennis.	Dustin Gee	comedian
occupation	Jamal Dajani (Arabic: جمال الدجاني‎) is a Palestinian-American journalist and an award-winning producer.	Jamal Dajani	journalist
occupation	Hunt Slonem (born Hunt Slonim, July 18, 1951) is an American painter, sculptor, and printmaker.	Hunt Slonem	painter	sculptor
occupation	Virginia Yip, a linguist, is director of the Childhood Bilingualism Research Centre.	Virginia Yip	linguist
occupation	Ray Robertson is a Canadian novelist and a contributing book reviewer at The Globe and Mail.	Ray Robertson	novelist
occupation	Craig Varjabedian (born September 26, 1957 in Windsor, Ontario, Canada) is a fine-art photographer who explores the back roads of the American West, making pictures of the unique and quintessential.	Craig Varjabedian	photographer
occupation	John Goldham aka Goldhawk (dates unknown) was an English professional cricketer who made 35 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1791 to 1812.	John Goldham	cricketer
occupation	Angelo Pizzo is an American screenwriter and film producer, usually working on films based on a true story, and usually about athletics.	Angelo Pizzo	screenwriter	film producer
occupation	Guy Juke (born 1951), aka De White, has been an Austin, Texas--based graphic artist and musician since moving there in 1973 from nearby San Angelo, Texas.	Guy Juke	artist	musician
occupation	Yosef Eliyahu Deutch was a Jerusalem rabbi and philanthropist.	Yosef Eliyahu Deutch	rabbi
occupation	Steve Bellamy is an entrepreneur in sports and entertainment best known for the founding of niche cable television networks including The Tennis Channel and The Ski Channel.	Steve Bellamy	entrepreneur
occupation	Jean Leon Gerome Ferris (August 18, 1863 -- March 18, 1930) was an American painter best known for his series of 78 scenes from American history, entitled The Pageant of a Nation, the largest series of American historical paintings by a single artist.	Jean Leon Gerome Ferris	painter
occupation	Anslem Douglas (born July 23, 1964) is a musician and composer from Trinidad and Tobago, most famous for the hit single ``Doggie'' later covered by the Baha Men as ``Who Let the Dogs Out?''	Anslem Douglas	composer
occupation	John S. Johnston (c.1839 -- December 17, 1899) was a late 19th-century maritime and landscape photographer.	John S. Johnston	photographer
occupation	Publius Petronius Turpilianus was a Roman politician and general.	Publius Petronius Turpilianus	politician
occupation	Wendy Orent is an American anthropologist and author with special interest in pandemics.	Wendy Orent	anthropologist
occupation	John P. Doll (born March 12, 1961) is a Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota Senate who represented District 40, which includes portions of the cities of Burnsville, Savage and Bloomington in Dakota, Hennepin and Scott counties.	John P. Doll	politician
occupation	Valerie Phillips is a New York born fashion photographer, based in London.	Valerie Phillips	photographer
occupation	Temple Lea Houston (August 12, 1860 -- August 15, 1905) was an attorney and politician who served from 1885 to 1889 in the Texas State Senate.	Temple Lea Houston	politician
occupation	Bertran de Gourdon or Bertram de Gordon (fl. 1209--1231) was the lord of Gourdon, a knight and troubadour.	Bertran de Gourdon	troubadour
occupation	Zachary Cale (born 1978) is an American songwriter and musician who grew up in Louisiana but currently lives in Brooklyn, NY.	Zachary Cale	songwriter
occupation	Kavi Raz is an Indian-born British actor, writer, director and producer.	Kavi Raz	actor
occupation	Zack du Plessis was a South African actor famous for his roles as Hendrik van Tonder in Orkney Snork Nie and as Frikkadel in Vetkoekpaleis.	Zack du Plessis	actor
occupation	Brent Stait (born September 9, 1959) is a Canadian actor, best known for his roles as Rev Bem in the science fiction television series Andromeda and Louis Ferretti in Stargate SG-1.	Brent Stait	actor
occupation	Peter R. Kowey, M.D., (born January 4, 1950) is an American cardiologist and medical researcher.	Peter R. Kowey	cardiologist
occupation	Virgil Akins (March 10, 1928 -- January 22, 2011) was an American boxer who won the undisputed Welterweight Championship of the World in 1958.	Virgil Akins	boxer
occupation	Reza Dana is an American ophthalmologist and immunologist.	Reza Dana	ophthalmologist	immunologist
occupation	John Patteson Oti, sometimes called Patterson Oti, is a Solomon Islands politician and diplomat.	Patteson Oti	diplomat
occupation	Mark Bassin is a geographer and specialist on Russian and German geopolitics.	Mark Bassin	geographer
occupation	Yitang ``Tom'' Zhang (Romanized form: Yitang Zhang, Chinese: 张益唐, Zhāng Yìtáng) is a Chinese-born American mathematician working in the area of number theory.	Yitang Zhang	mathematician
occupation	Charles Harcourt Masters (born 1759) was an English surveyor and architect in Bath.	Charles Harcourt Masters	architect
occupation	Ryoju Kikuchi (aka Tamo Samma, Tamo-San) (190?-2001) was a Buddhist priestess and great philosopher.	Ryoju Kikuchi	philosopher
occupation	Stephen Wilson Bethel (born February 24, 1984), professionally known as Wilson Bethel, is an American actor.	Wilson Bethel	actor
occupation	Shefi Yishai is an Israeli musician, mostly active as composer and musical director for theater.	Shefi Yishai	composer
occupation	Johann Michael Söllner (born December 24, 1955), better known as Hans Söllner, is a German singer-songwriter, who sings in Bavarian-German.	Hans Söllner	singer-songwriter
occupation	Allan A. Goldstein (born May 23, 1949) is an American film director and screenwriter, perhaps best known for directing the Charles Bronson vehicle Death Wish V:	Allan A. Goldstein	film director
occupation	Russell Rouse (November 20, 1913 -- October 2, 1987) was an American screenwriter, director, and producer who is noted for the ``offbeat creativity and originality'' of his screenplays and for film noir movies and television episodes produced in the 1950s.	Russell Rouse	screenwriter
occupation	Margaret Walker (Margaret Abigail Walker Alexander by marriage; July 7, 1915 -- November 30, 1998) was an American poet and writer.	Margaret Walker	poet
occupation	Paolo Kernahan is a television news presenter in the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago.	Paolo Kernahan	news presenter
occupation	David Nance (born May 2, 1980 in Houston, Texas, USA) is an American voice actor, notable for a few roles for several Japanese anime series with ADV Films.	David Nance	voice actor
occupation	Jennifer Fratesi (born April 20, 1984) is a Canadian former competition swimmer who specialized in backstroke events.	Jennifer Fratesi	swimmer
occupation	Elliot Lurie (born August 19, 1948) is an American singer/musician who was the lead guitarist and songwriter (and frequently, lead vocalist) for the band Looking Glass from 1969 to 1974.	Elliot Lurie	musician	songwriter
occupation	Aulus Platorius Nepos was a Roman politician of the early 2nd century AD.	Aulus Platorius Nepos	politician
occupation	Yulduz Usmonova (Russified form: Yulduz Usmanova) (Uzbek: Yulduz Usmonova, Юлдуз Усмонова) (born December 12, 1963) is a well-known Uzbek singer and actress.	Yulduz Usmonova	singer
occupation	Yannick Renier (born 29 March 1975) is a Belgian actor who started his career in the theatre in the 1990s and has since gone on to appear in several films and television productions.	Yannick Renier	actor
occupation	Steve Priestley is a British disc jockey, who used to work for Magic 105.4 in London.	Steve Priestley	disc jockey
occupation	Adam von Buhler is a producer and musician, currently one half of the rock duo Anarchy Club, and a former member of the band Splashdown.	Adam von Buhler	musician
occupation	Ron Miriello (born September 2, 1953 in Cranford, New Jersey) is an American graphic designer, sculptor and speaker.	Ron Miriello	graphic designer
occupation	Andra Hannadige Tharindu Harshana Wimaladasa (commonly known as Tharindu Wimaladasa; born August 24, 1985) was a Sri Lankan cricketer.	Tharindu Wimaladasa	cricketer
occupation	Leon Lee (born December 4, 1952 in Sacramento, California) is a former professional baseball player and manager.	Leon Lee	baseball player
occupation	Blagica Pavlovska (Macedonian: Благица Павловска) is a Macedonian singer.	Blagica Pavlovska	singer
occupation	Antônio Roberto Monteiro Simões is a Brazilian-born linguist interested in the phonetics and phonology of the Romance languages.	Antônio Roberto Monteiro Simões	linguist
occupation	Jean-Christian Michel is a composer and clarinetist.	Jean-Christian Michel	composer	clarinetist
occupation	Randy Glover (born December 31, 1941) is an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour in the 1960s.	Randy Glover	golfer
occupation	Dan Moses Schreier is an American composer and sound designer.	Dan Moses Schreier	composer
occupation	William Elmsall (fl.1386-1399), of Grimsby, Lincolnshire, was an English politician.	William Elmsall	politician
occupation	Muhammad Rizwan (born 25 November 1991), known as Muhammad Rizwan Jr., is a Pakistani field hockey player.	Muhammad Rizwan Jr.	field hockey player
occupation	Diarmuid Lawrence (born 15 October 1947) is an English television director.	Diarmuid Lawrence	television director
occupation	Susan Kare (born February 5, 1954) is an artist and graphic designer who created many of the interface elements for the Apple Macintosh in the 1980s.	Susan Kare	graphic designer
occupation	Mark Brazill (born April 16, 1962) is a television creator and executive producer.	Mark Brazill	executive producer
occupation	Ernst Kris (April 26, 1900 -- February 27, 1957) was an Austrian psychoanalyst and art historian.	Ernst Kris	art historian
occupation	Barbara Polla (born March 7, 1950) is a Swiss medical doctor, gallery owner, art curator and writer.	Barbara Polla	writer
occupation	Louis Maurer (February 21, 1832 -- July 19, 1932) was a German-born American lithographer, and the father of the American painter Alfred Henry Maurer.	Louis Maurer	lithographer	painter
occupation	Clayton Moore (September 14, 1914 -- December 28, 1999) was an American actor best known for playing the fictional western character the Lone Ranger from 1949--1951 and 1954--1957 on the television series of the same name and two related movies from the same producers.	Clayton Moore	actor
occupation	Kid Ramos (born January 13, 1959) is an American electric blues and blues rock guitarist, singer and songwriter.	Kid Ramos	singer
occupation	Danielle LaPorte (born May 25, 1969 in Windsor, Ontario) is a bestselling Canadian author, motivational speaker, entrepreneur, and blogger.	Danielle LaPorte	motivational speaker
occupation	Donovan Webster (born January 13, 1959) is a best-selling and award-winning journalist, author, film-maker, and humanitarian.	Donovan Webster	journalist
occupation	Zezi Ifore (/ˈzeɪziː ˈaɪfɔər/; born 1 April 1988), is a British television presenter, journalist and DJ.	Zezi Ifore	television presenter	journalist
occupation	Jean Ginibre is a French mathematical physicist, known for his contributions to random matrix theory (see circular law), statistical mechanics (see FKG inequality, Ginibre inequality), and partial differential equations.	Jean Ginibre	physicist
occupation	Tommaso del Mazza, also known as the Master of Santa Verdiana, (active 1377 - 1392) was an Italian painter.	Tommaso del Mazza	painter
occupation	Arnold Dwight Moore (November 8, 1913 -- May 19, 2004), better known as Gatemouth Moore and later Reverend Gatemouth Moore, was an American blues and gospel singer, songwriter and pastor.	Gatemouth Moore	singer
occupation	Herbert Fingarette is an American philosopher and emeritus professor of philosophy at the University of California, Santa Barbara.	Herbert Fingarette	philosopher
occupation	Orla Hardiman (BSc MB BCh BAO MD FRCPI FAAN) is an Irish consultant neurologist.	Orla Hardiman	neurologist
occupation	Francis Alan Fitzgerald (born July 16, 1949) is an American musician (both a bassist and a keyboardist), was a member of several U.S. bands.	Alan Fitzgerald	musician
occupation	Martino Ferabosco was an Italian engraver, who lived in Rome, engraved the plates for the work Architettura della Basilica di San Pietro in Vaticano (Architecture of St. Peter's Basilica in the Vatican) published in Rome in 1620.	Martino Ferabosco	engraver
occupation	Roberto Paci Dalò is an Italian composer and musician, film director and theatre director, visual artist.	Roberto Paci Dalò	composer	film director
occupation	Carol Haney (December 24, 1924 -- May 10, 1964) was an American dancer and actress.	Carol Haney	dancer
occupation	Ebrahim Abadi (Persian: ابراهیم‌ آبادی‎‎, born 1934 in Tabriz) is an Iraniran stage and cinema actor.	Ebrahim Abadi	actor
occupation	Mel Damski (born in New York, New York) is an American film director and film producer.	Mel Damski	film director	film producer
occupation	Janette Bertrand (born March 25, 1925) is a Quebec journalist, actor, educator and writer.	Janette Bertrand	journalist	actor	writer
occupation	Apostolos Katsifaras (Greek: Απόστολος Κατσιφάρας; born 1959 in Kalentzi, Achaea) is a Greek politician with PASOK.	Apostolos Katsifaras	politician
occupation	Pádraig Conneely is an Irish Fine Gael party politician.	Pádraig Conneely	politician
occupation	Democrates (/dɪˈmɒkrəˌtiːz/; Greek: Δημοκράτης) was a Pythagorean philosopher about whom little is known.	Democrates	philosopher
occupation	David Styles (born November 28, 1974), better known by his stage name, Styles P, is an American rapper, author, and entrepreneur.	Styles P	rapper
occupation	William Husband (1822--1887) was a British civil and mechanical engineer of the 19th century.	William Husband	engineer
occupation	George Ferebee (or Feribye, Ferrabee, etc.) (floruit 1613) was an English composer.	George Ferebee	composer
occupation	Spyros Marketos (Greek: Σπύρος Μαρκέτος; April 15, 1931--February 29, 2012) was a Greek physician, professor of medicine, writer and politician.	Spyros Marketos	writer
occupation	Jayme Stone is a Canadian banjoist, composer and producer who makes music inspired by sounds from around the world.	Jayme Stone	composer
occupation	Charles S. Haas (born October 22, 1952), also known as Charles Haas or Charlie Haas, is an American screenwriter and actor, and novelist.	Charles S. Haas	screenwriter
occupation	Jorge Velásquez (born December 28, 1946 in Chepo, Panama) is a thoroughbred horse racing Hall of Fame jockey.	Jorge Velásquez	jockey
occupation	John Bissell Carroll (June 5, 1916 -- July 1, 2003) was an American psychologist known for his contributions to psychology, educational linguistics and psychometrics.	John Bissell Carroll	psychologist
occupation	R. J. Adams (September 20, 1942 -- January 26, 2015) was a film and television actor, acting coach, screen writer, film producer, documentary producer and radio personality.	R. J. Adams	actor
occupation	Kim Ji-hoo (April 5, 1985 -- October 6, 2008) was an actor and model.	Kim Ji-hoo	actor	model
occupation	Marva Mollet, known professionally as Marva (born 23 March 1943), is a Belgian singer who was very popular between 1963 and 1980 in Flanders.	Marva Mollet	singer
occupation	Valentin Ferdinandovich Asmus (Russian: Валенти́н Фердина́ндович А́смус; 1894 -- 1975) was a Russian philosopher.	Valentin Ferdinandovich Asmus	philosopher
occupation	Martin Berkeley (August 21, 1904 − May 6, 1979) was a Hollywood and television screenwriter who cooperated with the investigation of the House Un-American Activities Committee (HUAC) in the 1950s by naming dozens of Hollywood artists as Communists or Communist sympathizers.	Martin Berkeley	screenwriter
occupation	James Nyoraku Schlefer (Japanese: ジェイムス 如楽 シュレファー), born 1956 in Brooklyn, New York, is a performer and teacher and composer of shakuhachi in New York City.	James Nyoraku Schlefer	composer
occupation	Richard A. Harris is an American film editor with a career spanning nearly forty years.	Richard A. Harris	film editor
occupation	Charles Randolph Grean (October 1, 1913 -- December 20, 2003) was an American producer and composer.	Charles Randolph Grean	composer
occupation	Stephen Viscusi is an American author, columnist and broadcast journalist in the workplace genre.	Stephen Viscusi	author
occupation	Michael von Grünau, BSc, MA, PhD (October 3, 1944 -- December 22, 2011) was a Canadian psychologist and neurophysiologist at Concordia University.	Michael von Grünau	psychologist
occupation	William McWhirter (1851--1933) was a Scottish electrical engineer, grandfather of Norris McWhirter, who invented the combined voltmeter and ammeter, from which such (analogue) subsequent meters were developed.	William McWhirter	engineer
occupation	Alexander Yusuf is a Somali-British architect.	Alexander Yusuf	architect
occupation	Franz Rellich (September 14, 1906--September 25, 1955) was an Austrian-Italian mathematician.	Franz Rellich	mathematician
occupation	Blind Arvella Gray (January 28, 1906 -- September 7, 1980) was an American blues, folk and gospel singer and guitarist.	Arvella Gray	singer
occupation	Tony Bui (born September 14, 1973) is a Vietnamese independent film director in the U.S., most famous for his 1999 film Three Seasons, which debuted at the Sundance Film Festival and became the only film ever to win both the Audience Award and the Grand Jury Prize there.	Tony Bui	film director
occupation	Prof. Dr. Eng. Nagia Essayed is a Libyan politician.	Nagia Essayed	politician
occupation	Jacques Baril (born February 6, 1942) was a Canadian politician, cabinet minister and a five-term Member of the National Assembly of Quebec.	Jacques Baril	politician
occupation	John Edmonds (died 1606), of Cambridge, was an English politician.	John Edmonds (died 1606)	politician
occupation	King Donovan (January 25, 1918 -- June 30, 1987) was an American film, stage, and television actor, as well as a film and television director.	King Donovan	actor
occupation	Peter Saraf is an American film producer whose feature film credits include Adaptation (2002), Little Miss Sunshine (2006), Our Idiot Brother (2011) and The Kings of Summer (2013).	Peter Saraf	film producer
occupation	Osman Nusairi is a playwright and award-winning translator of Sudanese origin.	Osman Nusairi	translator
occupation	John Haynes, Jr. (born March 7, 1937) is a rural family physician and surgeon, and community leader of Northwest Louisiana and Northeast Texas.	John Haynes, Jr.	surgeon
occupation	Trần Văn Thủy is an acclaimed Vietnamese documentary film director.	Trần Văn Thủy	film director
occupation	Anniceris (Greek: Ἀννίκερις; fl. 300 BC) was a Cyrenaic philosopher.	Anniceris	philosopher
occupation	Benajah Harvey Carroll, known as B. H. Carroll (December 27, 1843 -- November 11, 1914), was a Baptist pastor, theologian, teacher, and author.	Benajah Harvey Carroll	theologian	teacher	author
occupation	Marius Kemp is a South African freelance photographer and photojournalist.	Marius Kemp	photographer
occupation	Michelangelo Carducci was a 16th-century Italian painter of the Renaissance period active in Umbria.	Michelangelo Carducci	painter
occupation	Paula Boock is a New Zealand writer and editor.	Paula Boock	writer
occupation	Semën Samsonovich Kutateladze (born Oct. 2, 1945 in Leningrad, now St. Petersburg) is a mathematician.	Semën Samsonovich Kutateladze	mathematician
occupation	Ramsinh Rathwa is Indian politician from Gujarat and belong to Bhartiya Janata Party.	Ramsinh Rathwa	politician
occupation	Mark Holthusen is a San Francisco-based photographer most recognized for his set-work on Roger Waters' opera, Ça Ira, and his ``As I See It'' advertising series for Kohler.	Mark Holthusen	photographer
occupation	Elsie Lessa (1912 -- May 2000) was a Brazilian journalist and writer of American descent.	Elsie Lessa	journalist
occupation	Dunja Ilić (pronounced Dunya Ilich) (Serbian Cyrillic: Дуња Илић; born 10 September 1990) is a Serbian pop singer, songwriter, composer, and author.	Dunja Ilić	singer
occupation	Rupesh Paul is an Indian film director, screenwriter and poet.	Rupesh Paul	film director
occupation	Nina Kusturica is a Bosnian-born, Austrian film director, film editor and film producer.	Nina Kusturica	film director	film editor	film producer
occupation	Annetta Grodner (or Gradner) was a Ukrainian Jewish singer and actress, the first prima donna in Yiddish theater.	Annetta Grodner	singer
occupation	Livio Minelli (February 11, 1926 -- February 4, 2012) was an Italian professional boxer.	Livio Minelli	boxer
occupation	Eric Gray was a stills photographer whose work was featured in Life Magazine.	Eric Gray	photographer
occupation	Douglas Dare is a London-based singer-songwriter from Bridport, South West England.	Douglas Dare	singer-songwriter
occupation	David Robert Mullen is an American artist and photographer.	David Robert Mullen	artist	photographer
occupation	Calvin Souther Fuller (May 25, 1902 -- October 28, 1994) was a physical chemist at AT&T Bell Laboratories where he worked for 37 years from 1930 to 1967.	Calvin Souther Fuller	chemist
occupation	Clement Sulivane (1838-1920) was an American Confederate veteran, lawyer, journalist and politician.	Clement Sulivane	journalist
occupation	Steinar Bragi is an Icelandic writer born August 15, 1975.	Steinar Bragi	writer
occupation	Naresh Bhardwaj (born 1959) is a Canadian politician, who was elected in the 2008 provincial election to represent the electoral district of Edmonton-Ellerslie in the Legislative Assembly of Alberta.	Naresh Bhardwaj	politician
occupation	Angus McLaren (born 3 November 1988) is an Australian actor who is best known for his roles in the television series Packed to the Rafters as Nathan Rafter and H2O:	Angus McLaren	actor
occupation	She is the mother of film producer Ladd Vance and actor/producer-writer Gregg Vance, and over the course of her career as costume designer and film producer, she has been credited as Marilyn Straker, Marilyn Vance-Straker, Marilyn Kay Vance, and Marilyn Vance.	Marilyn Vance	film producer
occupation	Trent Walker is an American sound engineer who was nominated for the 2008 Grammy for Best Engineered Album, Classical category.	Trent Walker	engineer
occupation	Beena Sarwar is a journalist, artist and filmmaker from Pakistan focusing on human rights, gender, media and peace.	Beena Sarwar	journalist
occupation	Naved Anjum (born July 27, 1963 in Lahore, Punjab) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in 2 Tests and 13 ODIs from 1984 to 1992.	Naved Anjum	cricketer
occupation	There were other similar comments which indicate that Mao Dun had been a brilliant writer since his youth.	Mao Dun	writer
occupation	Ann Curry (born November 19, 1956) is an American television personality, news journalist and photojournalist.	Ann Curry	journalist
occupation	Antonio Mora (born December 14, 1957, Havana, Cuba) is a multiple Emmy Award winning journalist and television news anchor.	Antonio Mora	journalist
occupation	Shoji Oguma (大熊 正二 born July 22, 1951 in Koriyama, Japan) was a Japanese southpaw boxer at Flyweight.	Shoji Oguma	boxer
occupation	Jacques Joseph (September 6, 1865 -- February 12, 1934) was a German plastic surgeon.	Jacques Joseph	plastic surgeon
occupation	John William Glover (19 June 1815 -- 19 December 1899) was an Irish composer, conductor, organist, violinist, and teacher.	John William Glover	composer
occupation	Dennis Perry is a Canadian politician, currently the deputy leader of the Green Party of British Columbia.	Dennis Perry	politician
occupation	Claire Galligan was an American freestyle swimmer who won 13 AAU championships over distances ranging from 220 yd to 3 miles.	Claire Galligan	swimmer
occupation	Edwin Hugh Shellard (usually known as E. H. Shellard) was an English architect who practised in Manchester, being active between 1844 and 1864.	Edwin Hugh Shellard	architect
occupation	Harisu made her acting debut in 1991--while still living as a boy--as a supporting actor in a high school TV drama series, and this was followed by other minor film and TV roles as an extra during the 1990s.	Harisu	actor
occupation	Mike Road (March 18, 1918 -- April 14, 2013) was an American voice actor and Warner Bros. television series contract player whose television career dates back to the 1950s and in films to the 1940s.	Mike Road	actor
occupation	Ronnie Burkett is a Canadian puppeteer, best known for his original theatrical plays for adults, performed with marionettes.	Ronnie Burkett	puppeteer
occupation	Dakin Matthews (born November 7, 1940) is an American actor with a long history of work in film, television and theater.	Dakin Matthews	actor
occupation	Joseph Chappell Hutcheson, Sr. (May 18, 1842 -- May 25, 1924), was a Texas politician and a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives and the United States House of Representatives.	Joseph Chappell Hutcheson	politician
occupation	Robert Rosenblum (1927--2006) was an American art historian and curator known for his influential and often irreverent scholarship on European and American art of the mid-eighteenth to 20th century.	Robert Rosenblum	art historian
occupation	The Master of 1518 is a Flemish painter belonging to the stylistic school of Antwerp Mannerism.	Master of 1518	painter
occupation	Bernardino Butinone (1435 or 1436 -- c. 1507 or 1508) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance, active mainly around Milan.	Bernardino Butinone	painter
occupation	Rosalind Heggs is a former international cricketer.	Rosalind Heggs	cricketer
occupation	Émile Mokoko Wongolo is a Congolese politician who has been Director-General of the National Water Distribution Company (Société nationale de distribution d'eau, SNDE), a state-run company in Congo-Brazzaville, since 2010.	Émile Mokoko Wongolo	politician
occupation	Frederic S. Durbin is a United States writer and novelist of fantasy and horror.	Frederic S. Durbin	novelist
occupation	Daniela Bertol is an architect, designer and artist, working at the intersection between art and science.	Daniela Bertol	architect
occupation	Matthew Manning (born August 17, 1955) is a best selling British author and healer, alleged to have psychic abilities.	Matthew Manning	psychic
occupation	Mehreen Mahmud mostly known by her stage name Mehreen, is a Bangladeshi singer.	Mehreen Mahmud	singer
occupation	Elizabeth Nunez is a Trinidadian American novelist and distinguished professor of English at Hunter College--	Elizabeth Nunez	novelist
occupation	Apollonios of Kition (or Apollonius of Citium; Greek: Ἀπολλώνιος ὁ Κιτιεύς), was a physician (fl. c. 60 BC) belonging to the Empiric school of thought.	Apollonios of Kition	physician
occupation	Alex Woodburn is an English professional rugby union player who plays for Gloucester.	Alex Woodburn	rugby union player
occupation	František Rint was a 19th-century Czech woodcarver and carpenter.	František Rint	carpenter
occupation	Marc Neikrug (born September 24, 1946) is a contemporary American pianist, conductor, and composer.	Marc Neikrug	pianist	composer
occupation	Amr Hamzawy (Arabic: عمرو حمزاوى‎, IPA: (ˈʕɑmɾe ħæmˈzæːwi); born 1967) is an Egyptian political scientist, human rights activist and public intellectual.	Amr Hamzawy	political scientist
occupation	Luís Pires (15th century/16th century), was a Portuguese explorer who accompanied Pedro Álvares Cabral in the discovery of Brazil, being one of the captains of the fleet.	Luís Pires	explorer
occupation	Raúl Kaplún (November 11, 1910 - January 23, 1990) (born Israel Kaflún) was a well-known tango violinist, director and composer.	Raúl Kaplún	composer
occupation	Ken Curtis (July 2, 1916 -- April 28, 1991) was an American singer and actor best known for his role as Festus Haggen on the long-running CBS western television series Gunsmoke.	Ken Curtis	singer	actor
occupation	Borys Ivchenko (Ukrainian: Бори́с Ві́кторович І́вченко) is a Ukrainian actor and film director.	Borys Ivchenko	actor	film director
occupation	Abe Burrows (December 18, 1910 -- May 17, 1985) was an American humorist, author, and director for radio and the stage.	Abe Burrows	author
occupation	Dibyendu Bhattacharya is an Indian film actor, who works in Hindi cinema.	Dibyendu Bhattacharya	actor
occupation	Mark Masri (born 23 August 1979) is a Canadian singer, songwriter and producer of pop, classical and inspirational songs.	Mark Masri	singer
occupation	Louis Winslow Austin (October 30, 1867 -- June 27, 1932) was an American physicist known for his research on long-range radio transmissions.	Louis Winslow Austin	physicist
occupation	Brian Flemming is an American film director, playwright and activist.	Brian Flemming	film director	playwright
occupation	Max Wickert (born May 26, 1938, Augsburg, Germany) is an American teacher, poet, translator and publisher.	Max Wickert	translator
occupation	Karen Chin is an American paleontologist and taphonomist who is considered one of the world's leading experts in coprolites.	Karen Chin	paleontologist
occupation	Phil Pask is a British former rugby union player and physiotherapist.	Phil Pask	rugby union player
occupation	Martin Power is an English professional boxer who fights in the bantamweight division.	Martin Power	boxer
occupation	John Warthen Struble is an American composer-pianist and writer.	John Warthen Struble	composer
occupation	Irving Kaplansky (March 22, 1917 -- June 25, 2006) was a mathematician, college professor, author, and musician.	Irving Kaplansky	mathematician
occupation	Montgomery McFate (also known as Montgomery Sapone and nicknamed Mitzy; born January 8, 1966) is a cultural anthropologist, a defense and national security analyst, and former Science Advisor to the United States Army Human Terrain System program.	Montgomery McFate	anthropologist
occupation	Martina Aitolehti (born July 16, 1982) is a Finnish model, singer, and television personality.	Martina Aitolehti	model
occupation	Valerie Capers (born May 24, 1935) is an American jazz pianist and composer, born in New York City.	Valerie Capers	composer
occupation	Prince Fahmi Said Ibrahim El Maceli is a Comorian and French lawyer and politician.	Fahmi Said Ibrahim	politician
occupation	Paola S. Timiras, born Paola Silvestri, (July 21, 1923, Rome -- September 12, 2008, Berkeley, California) was an endocrinologist studying stress.	Paola S. Timiras	endocrinologist
occupation	Jonathan Morrell is an English presenter and journalist who presents the mid morning show on BBC Radio Wiltshire.	Jonathan Morrell	presenter
occupation	Harry Slatkin (born August 14, 1960) is an American businessman, entrepreneur and philanthropist.	Harry Slatkin	entrepreneur
occupation	Jorge Zalszupin is a Polish/Brazilian architect and designer noted for modern design.	Jorge Zalszupin	architect
occupation	Judith Jasmin (July 10, 1916 - October 20, 1972) was a journalist from Quebec.	Judith Jasmin	journalist
occupation	Max Varnel (1925--1996) was a French-born film and television director who worked primarily in the United Kingdom and Australia.	Max Varnel	television director
occupation	Guy Brasfield Park (June 10, 1872-- October 1, 1946) was a politician from the U.S. State of Missouri.	Guy Brasfield Park	politician
occupation	Marcy Wheeler (a.k.a. ``emptywheel'') is an American independent journalist specializing in national security and civil liberties.	Marcy Wheeler	journalist
occupation	Kay Toliver is a teacher specialising in mathematics education.	Kay Toliver	teacher
occupation	Roland Berger (born November 22, 1937) is a German entrepreneur, consultant and philanthropist.	Roland Berger	entrepreneur
occupation	Sara L. Press (born November 28, 1974) is an American book artist and photographer.	Sara L. Press	photographer
occupation	Gagan Chandra Chatterjee was a North Indian classical violinist of the Senia Gharana who is known for inventing the gatkari style of North Indian classical violin.	Gagan Chandra Chatterjee	violinist
occupation	Sean Giambrone (born May 30, 1999) is an American actor, best known for his role as Adam Goldberg in the ABC comedy series, The Goldbergs.	Sean Giambrone	actor
occupation	Denis Juneau (September 30, 1925 -- October 6, 2014) was a Canadian painter and a leading figure in the Canadian plasticien movement.	Denis Juneau	painter
occupation	Eddie Campagnuolo, alias Eddie Compo, alias Edward Campagnuolo (January 4, 1927 or September 27 -- January 3, 1998), was a featherweight professional boxer from Connecticut.	Eddie Campagnuolo	boxer
occupation	Family includes son, Charles Loring Brace Jr. (Yale, 1876) and CAS board secretary, grandson, Gerald Warner Brace (1901--1978) American writer, educator, sailor and boat builder, and great-grandson, C. Loring Brace IV (born 1930), American biological anthropologist and doctor.	Charles Loring Brace	anthropologist
occupation	Patrick Pat Heim (born May 25, 1984 in Wayne, Pennsylvania) is a professional lacrosse player who plays for the Boston Cannons in Major League Lacrosse and the Philadelphia Wings in the National Lacrosse League.	Pat Heim	lacrosse player
occupation	Joanna Zacharewicz (b. in Poland) is a professional ballroom dancer based out of New York City.	Joanna Zacharewicz	dancer
occupation	Giacomo Knox (born August 1, 1969) is an American actor, stuntperformer and television producer.	Giacomo Knox	actor
occupation	Robert Alex ``Rob'' Szatkowski (born December 18, 1970), better known by his ring name Rob Van Dam (frequently abbreviated to RVD), is an American professional wrestler and occasional actor.	Rob Van Dam	actor
occupation	Pietro Perconti (born September 7, 1968 in Milan) is an Italian philosopher.	Pietro Perconti	philosopher
occupation	Omid Habibinia is an Iranian journalist and Founder of International Association of Iranian Journalists.	Omid Habibinia	journalist
occupation	Silas Reynolds Barton (May 21, 1872 --November 7, 1916) was a Nebraska republican politician and United States Representative for Nebraska's Fifth District.	Silas Reynolds Barton	politician
occupation	Bob Weston (born 1965) is an American musician, producer, recording engineer, and record mastering engineer.	Bob Weston	musician	engineer	mastering engineer
occupation	Mason Gaffney (born October 18, 1923) is an American economist and a major critic of Neoclassical economics from a Georgist point of view.	Mason Gaffney	economist
occupation	Joseph Nathan Kane (January 23, 1899 -- September 22, 2002) was an American non-fiction writer and journalist, who wrote what the Chronicle of Higher Education calls ``some of the most widely used reference works in publishing history.''	Joseph Nathan Kane	writer
occupation	Chris Weller (born July 12, 1944) is a former University of Maryland, College Park women's basketball coach who led the Lady Terps for 27 seasons from 1975 until 2002.	Chris Weller	basketball coach
occupation	Mzungu Kichaa is a Danish singer and musician.	Mzungu Kichaa	singer
occupation	Rudolf Ferdinand Spitaler (1849 -- 1946) was an Austrian astronomer, geophysicist, meteorologist and climatologist.	Rudolf Ferdinand Spitaler	astronomer	meteorologist
occupation	D. Sathyaprakash (also known as Sathyaprakash) is an Indian playback singer, and rose to fame after finishing as a runner up on the musical talent reality TV show, Airtel Super Singer.	D. Sathyaprakash	singer
occupation	Robert Wolfgang Schnell was a writer first and foremost an author conventionally-realistic narrated novels and short stories, in which preferably ``little people'' and outsiders were described in their Berlin environment which to the author presented a counterpoint to the critically viewed contemporary society.	Robert Wolfgang Schnell	author
occupation	Natalie Morales-Rhodes (born Natalie Leticia Morales; June 6, 1972) is an American journalist working for NBC News.	Natalie Morales	journalist
occupation	Charlie Pecoraro (born November 9, 1980) is an American stage, television, and film actor.	Charlie Pecoraro	actor
occupation	Ervin Zádor (June 7, 1935 -- April 28, 2012) was a Hungarian water polo player and member of the Hungarian national team.	Ervin Zádor	water polo player
occupation	John Tee-Van (July 6, 1897 -- November 5, 1967) was an American ichthyologist and zoologist.	John Tee-Van	ichthyologist
occupation	Juliya Dzhyma (born 19 September 1990) is a Ukrainian World Cup level biathlete.	Juliya Dzhyma	biathlete
occupation	Anne-Marie Losique (also known by the stage name AML) is a television producer, television host and singer in Quebec, Canada.	Anne-Marie Losique	television producer
occupation	Adelino Fontoura Chaves (March 30, 1859 -- May 2, 1884) was a Brazilian poet, actor and journalist.	Adelino Fontoura	poet	actor	journalist
occupation	Gus Hardin (born Carolyn Ann Blankenship; April 9, 1945 - February 17, 1996) was a country music singer.	Gus Hardin	singer
occupation	Lin Tzu-ling (Chinese: 林慈玲; pinyin: Lín Cílíng) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Lin Tzu-ling	politician
occupation	Susanna Creperio Verratti is an Italian political philosopher and journalist, whose views are influenced by classical liberalism and liberal conservatism.	Susanna Creperio Verratti	philosopher	journalist
occupation	Noel Thornton was an Australian rugby league player and coach from the 1960s.	Noel Thornton	rugby league player
occupation	Elaine Noble (born January 22, 1944) is an American politician and LGBT activist who served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives for two terms starting in January 1975.	Elaine Noble	politician
occupation	Captain Emile John Lussier was an American flying ace during World War I. He was credited with eleven confirmed aerial victories while flying with the Royal Air Force.	Emile John Lussier	flying ace
occupation	Aaron Messiah (1858-1940) was an early 20th-century French architect.	Aaron Messiah	architect
occupation	Michael Addis is a comedic television and film director who has made his mark in hidden camera comedy and reality-style comedy.	Michael Addis	film director
occupation	Martin McNulty Crane (D) (1853-1943) was an influential Texas Granger movement and Populist politician.	Martin McNulty Crane	politician
occupation	Elandré Huggett is a South African rugby union player, currently playing with the Cheetahs.	Elandré Huggett	rugby union player
occupation	Tom Verica (born May 13, 1964) is an American actor, television director and producer, best known for his role as Jack Pryor in the NBC drama American Dreams (2002-2005).	Tom Verica	actor
occupation	Ole Brask (April 4, 1935 - March 23, 2009) was a Danish photographer who specialized in jazz photography.	Ole Brask	photographer
occupation	Warren Leight (born January 17, 1957) is an American playwright, screenwriter, film director and television producer.	Warren Leight	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Jeff Tymoschuk (Born April 6, 1974) is a Vancouver based composer for film, television, and video games.	Jeff Tymoschuk	composer
occupation	V. Mullaivendhan is a politician from Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	V. Mullaivendhan	politician
occupation	Rudolf Schaad (1901--1990) was a Russian-born German film editor.	Rudolf Schaad	film editor
occupation	Sophie Adam is a French cellist currently playing for the Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra.	Sophie Adam	cellist
occupation	Marcelo Araúz Lavadenz is a Bolivian festival director, culture promoter, choir leader and music educator.	Marcelo Araúz Lavadenz	music educator
occupation	Dan McGalliard born, James Daniel McGalliard on July 7, 1940, is an inventor and innovator of products and processes throughout a wide range of applications.	Dan McGalliard	innovator
occupation	Zander Schloss (born August 7, 1961) is an American musician, actor and composer.	Zander Schloss	actor	composer
occupation	Gini Graham Scott is an American author, songwriter, and game developer.	Gini Graham Scott	songwriter
occupation	Olaf Alfonso is a Mexican-American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Lightweight division.	Olaf Alfonso	mixed martial artist
occupation	Jeff McBride (also known as Magnus; born September 11, 1959) is an American magician from Monticello, New York.	Jeff McBride	magician
occupation	Theodosius of Bithynia (Greek: Θεοδόσιος; c. 160 BC -- c. 100 BC) was a Greek astronomer and mathematician who wrote the Sphaerics, a book on the geometry of the sphere.	Theodosius of Bithynia	astronomer	mathematician
occupation	Patricia Herlihy is an American historian and author specializing in Russian and Soviet history.	Patricia Herlihy	historian
occupation	Carlos Justiniano Ribeiro Chagas, or Carlos Chagas (Portuguese: (ˈkaʁluʒːuʃtʃĩniˈɐ̃nu ʁiˈbejɾu ˈʃaɡɐʃ), (ˈkaʁluˈʃːaɡɐʃ); 1879--1934), was a Brazilian sanitary physician, scientist and bacteriologist who worked as a clinician and researcher.	Carlos Chagas	physician	scientist	bacteriologist
occupation	Marcella Araica is an American recording and mixing engineer, who has recorded and mixed tracks for artists including Britney Spears, Madonna, Pink, Duran Duran and Keri Hilson.	Marcella Araica	engineer
occupation	Nick Baxter is an English rugby union player who has represented England Students, England Sevens and the Barbarians.	Nick Baxter	rugby union player
occupation	Gordan Kičić (Serbian Cyrillic: Гордан Кичић) (born August 5, 1977) is a Serbian actor.	Gordan Kičić	actor
occupation	Matt Uelmen (/ˈoʊlmɨn/; born July 31, 1973) is an American video game music composer and sound designer.	Matt Uelmen	composer
occupation	Tristan Perich is a contemporary composer and sound artist from New York City who focuses on electronic one bit sound.	Tristan Perich	composer
occupation	Chitranjan Singh Ranawat is a hip surgeon.	Chitranjan Singh Ranawat	surgeon
occupation	Kevin Kerslake is an American music video director and occasional television commercial director.	Kevin Kerslake	music video director
occupation	Jan Karon is an American novelist who writes for both adults and young readers.	Jan Karon	novelist
occupation	Tony Drake is an American professional wrestler, best known for his appearances in the short-lived Wrestling Society X. He currently competes on the independent circuit using the ring name Babi Slymm.	Babi Slymm	professional wrestler
occupation	Albin Moller was a German author, astrologer, and translator who lived in eastern Germany during the late 16th and early 17th centuries.	Albin Moller	translator
occupation	Manliff Barrington (19 November 1912 -- 1999) Monkstown, County Dublin, was an Irish motorcycle racer famous for winning Isle of Man TT races twice in his career.	Manliff Barrington	motorcycle racer
occupation	Steven M. Reppert (born September 4, 1946) is an American neuroscientist known for his contributions to the fields of chronobiology and neuroethology.	Steven M. Reppert	neuroscientist
occupation	Chiang Tzu-ying (Chinese: 江 姿穎; pinyin: Jiāng Zīyǐng; born September 15, 1984) is a Taiwanese former swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle events.	Chiang Tzu-ying	swimmer
occupation	Jamaal Rolle, also known as ``The Celebrity Artist'' is an award-winning Bahamian visual artist known for his portrait depictions of famous political, entertainment, and sports figures.	Jamaal Rolle	artist
occupation	Thomas Lawranson (or Lawrenson) (fl. 1760--1777) was an Irish painter.	Thomas Lawranson	painter
occupation	Dhammika Kitulgoda is a Sri Lankan civil servant and judge.	Dhammika Kitulgoda	judge
occupation	Michael Small (May 30, 1939 -- November 24, 2003) was an American film score composer best known for his scores to thriller movies such as The Parallax View, Marathon Man, and The Star Chamber.	Michael Small	composer
occupation	Gwen Torrence (born June 12, 1965) is a retired American sprinter and Olympic gold medalist.	Gwen Torrence	sprinter
occupation	Laura Christensen made her debut as a child actor in the film Min fynske barndom and had her first major role in Tøsepiger.	Laura Christensen	actor
occupation	Jean-Baptiste-Claude Odiot (1763--1850) was a French silversmith working in a neoclassical style.	Jean-Baptiste-Claude Odiot	silversmith
occupation	Murray Seasongood (October 27, 1878 -- February 21, 1983) was a Jewish American politician, who served as the Mayor of Cincinnati, Ohio from 1926-1930.	Murray Seasongood	politician
occupation	Kaho Shimada (島田歌穂, Shimada Kaho, born September 19, 1963) is a Japanese singer and musical theater actress.	Kaho Shimada	singer
occupation	Yaacov Bergman (born May 31, 1945) is an Israeli born conductor.	Yaacov Bergman	conductor
occupation	Larry Nuber (November 29, 1948 -- June 8, 2000) of Maumee, OH was an auto racing announcer, best known for his work on ESPN broadcasts of NASCAR and CART races in the 1980s.	Larry Nuber	announcer
occupation	Jon Mark (born 8 May 1943) is a British singer-songwriter and guitarist, who is best known for his recordings with Marianne Faithfull, Sweet Thursday, John Mayall and Mark-Almond.	Jon Mark	singer-songwriter	guitarist
occupation	Peter Finger (born 11 October 1954) is a German acoustic fingerstyle guitarist, songwriter, composer and record producer.	Peter Finger	composer
occupation	Sidney Waugh (January 17, 1904 - June 30, 1963) was an American sculptor known for his monuments, medals, etched and moulded glass, and architectural sculpture.	Sidney Waugh	sculptor
occupation	William J. Phelan is an American attorney, town administrator, and politician.	William J. Phelan	politician
occupation	Ned Wayburn, born Edward Claudius Weyburn, (March 30, 1874 - September 2, 1942) was a choreographer.	Ned Wayburn	choreographer
occupation	Matthew Gandy (b. 1965, London) is a geographer and urbanist.	Matthew Gandy	geographer
occupation	Graham Spiers is a Scottish sports journalist who wrote for the Scottish edition of The Times newspaper between 2007 and 2011.	Graham Spiers	journalist
occupation	Bonnie Henrickson (born April 13, 1963) is the head women's college basketball coach at the University of California, Santa Barbara.	Bonnie Henrickson	basketball coach
occupation	Seaton McLean is a Canadian film and television producer.	Seaton McLean	television producer
occupation	Rauni Mollberg (April 15, 1929 -- October 11, 2007) was a Finnish film director who directed movies and TV movies.	Rauni Mollberg	film director
occupation	Laksmi Pamuntjak (born 1971) is an Indonesian poet, novelist and award-winning food writer.	Laksmi Pamuntjak	writer
occupation	Chris Hutchins is a British best-selling author, journalist and former PR.	Chris Hutchins	journalist
occupation	Dáithí Sproule (born May 23, 1950) is a guitarist and singer of traditional Irish music from Derry, Northern Ireland.	Dáithí Sproule	guitarist	singer
occupation	Dale Power (born October 2, 1949 in Toronto, Ontario) is a former top-ranked Canadian tennis player.	Dale Power	tennis player
participant of	Daniela Simmons (sometimes written Daniela Simons) is a singer who represented Switzerland at the Eurovision Song Contest 1986 in Bergen with the song ``Pas pour moi''.	Daniela Simmons	Eurovision Song Contest 1986
participant of	Gaye Porteous (born June 26, 1965 in Calgary, Alberta) is a former field hockey player from Canada, who represented her native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.	Gaye Porteous	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Renato Villalta (born February 3, 1955 in Maserada sul Piave, province of Treviso) is a former basketball player from Italy, who won the silver medal with his national team at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.	Renato Villalta	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Käthe Köhler (born November 10, 1913, date of death unknown) was a German diver who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Käthe Köhler	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ri Gwang-sik (born March 5, 1970) is a North Korean boxer, who won a bronze medal in the men's bantamweight (54 kg) category at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.	Ri Gwang-sik	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zdenek Mezl (born 13 July 1948 in Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a Canadian former ski jumper who competed in the 1972 Winter Olympics.	Zdenek Mezl	1972 Winter Olympics
participant of	William Arthur Parkin (born February 15, 1952 in Whangarei) is a former field hockey player from New Zealand, who was a member of the national team that won the gold medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.	Arthur Parkin	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Petar Trbojević (born September 9, 1973 in Niš, Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian water polo player who played on the bronze medal squad of FR Yugoslavia at the 2000 Summer Olympics and the silver medal squad of Serbia and Montenegro at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Petar Trbojević	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Christine Stückelberger (born 22 May 1947) is a retired Swiss equestrian who won an individual gold medal in dressage at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.	Christine Stückelberger	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hroar Elvenes (2 April 1932 -- 4 December 2014) was a Norwegian former speed skater who competed in the 1952 Winter Olympics, in the 1956 Winter Olympics, in the 1960 Winter Olympics, and in the 1964 Winter Olympics.	Hroar Elvenes	1952 Winter Olympics	1956 Winter Olympics	1960 Winter Olympics	1964 Winter Olympics
participant of	In total between 1922 and 1925 Edvīns Bārda played eight international matches for Latvia scoring five goals, including the Latvia participation at the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Edvīns Bārda	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	George Olteanu (born May 3, 1974 in Ştefăneşti, Argeş) is a former boxer from Romania, who competed for his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	George Olteanu	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Răzvan Petcu (born May 10, 1973) is a retired freestyle and butterfly swimmer from Romania, who represented his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Răzvan Petcu	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Étienne Desmarteau (4 February 1873 - 29 October 1905) was a Canadian athlete, winner of the weight throwing event at the 1904 Summer Olympics.	Étienne Desmarteau	1904 Summer Olympics
participant of	León Martinetti (July 31, 1926 -- December 15, 1999) was an Argentine basketball player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics when they finished 15th.	León Martinetti	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Maarten de Wit (May 30, 1883 in Wormerveer -- March 30, 1955 in Zaandam) was a sailor from the Netherlands, who represented his native country at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam.	Maarten de Wit	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lia Parolari is an Italian artistic gymnast who represented Italy at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Lia Parolari	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Peter Burggraaff (born 16 March 1971, in 's-Hertogenbosch) is a sailor from the Netherlands, who represented his country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.	Peter Burggraaff	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jean-Jacques Dessalines (French pronunciation: ​(ʒɑ̃ ʒak dɛs.salin); 20 September 1758 -- 17 October 1806) was a leader of the Haitian Revolution and the first ruler of an independent Haiti under the 1801 constitution.	Jean-Jacques Dessalines	Haitian Revolution
participant of	Willy Hufschmid (born October 9, 1918) was a Swiss field handball player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Willy Hufschmid	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Shane Brathwaite (born 8 February 1990 in Bridgetown) is a hurdler from Barbados who competed in the 110 metres hurdles at the 2012 Summer Olympics but did not finish the race in the qualifying heats.	Shane Brathwaite	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zhang Zhongqi (born November 2, 1982) is a long-track speed-skater set to represent China at the 2010 Winter Olympics in the Men's 500m.	Zhang Zhongqi	2010 Winter Olympics
participant of	Rezső Somlai-Stolzparth (born 1911, date of death unknown) was a Hungarian footballer, who was in Hungary squad at the 1934 FIFA World Cup.	Rezső Somlai	1934 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Silo Havili was a boxing competitor for Tonga in the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Silo Havili	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jean-Paul Coche (born 25 July 1947) is a French former judoka who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Jean-Paul Coche	1972 Summer Olympics	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hector Martin (26 December 1898--9 August 1972) was a Belgian road racing cyclist, professional from 1925 to 1935, who won three stages in the 1925 Tour de France and two stages in the 1927 Tour de France, and wore the yellow jersey for a total of four days in 1927.	Hector Martin	Tour de France
participant of	Ilia Giorgadze is a Georgian artistic gymnast that has represented Georgia at both the 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics.	Ilia Giorgadze	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jostein Hasselgård (born 24 March 1979) was the winner of Norway's national pre-selection for the Eurovision Song Contest and he won Norway a fourth place in the finals of the Eurovision Song Contest 2003 with the ballad ``I'm Not Afraid To Move On''.	Jostein Hasselgård	Eurovision Song Contest 2003
participant of	Galinard competed in one event at the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris, the Au Cordon Doré at 50 metres competition.	Galinard	1900 Summer Olympics
participant of	Vered Borochovski (Hebrew: ורד בורוכובסקי‎; born 27 August 1984 in Ashdod) is a former Israeli swimmer who represented Israel at the 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics.	Vered Borochovski	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Yaowapa Boorapolchai (Thai: เยาวภา บุรพลชัย; rtgs: Yaowapha Buraphonchai; born September 6, 1984 at Bangkok) is a Thai taekwondo athlete who was the bronze medalist in the women's under 49 kg event at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Yaowapa Boorapolchai	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sinivie Boltic (born 2 July 1982 in Famgbe, Nigeria) is a Nigerian wrestler who competed in the freestyle 96 kg event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Sinivie Boltic	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	After the 2008 Summer Olympics, Phelps started the Michael Phelps Foundation, which focuses on growing the sport of swimming and promoting healthier lifestyles.	Michael Phelps	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Iván Moro Fernández (born December 25, 1974 in Madrid) is a water polo player from Spain, who was a member of the national team that won the gold medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Iván Moro	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mo Ji-soo (Hangul: 모지수) (born 3 June 1969) is a South Korean short track speed skater, who won a gold medal in the 5000 m relay at the 1992 Winter Olympics together with teammates Kim Ki-hoon, Lee Joon-ho, and Song Jae-kun.	Mo Ji-soo	1992 Winter Olympics
participant of	Marina Nigg (born in Vaduz on 24 April 1984) is an alpine skier who represented Liechtenstein at the 2010 Winter Olympics.	Marina Nigg	2010 Winter Olympics
participant of	Jens Kruppa (born 3 June 1976 in Freital) is an international breaststroke swimmer from Germany, who won the silver medal in the 4×100 metres medley relay at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Jens Kruppa	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Thomas Gerald Tait (7 November 1866, in Campbeltown -- 19 December 1938, in Glasgow) was a Scottish sailor who competed for the Royal Clyde Yacht Club at the 1908 Summer Olympics.	Gerald Tait	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Chityala Ailamma or Chakali Ailamma was an Indian revolutionary leader during the Telangana Rebellion.	Chityala Ailamma	Telangana Rebellion
participant of	Gusztáv Lifkai (also known as Lifka, born June 11, 1912, date of death unknown) was a Hungarian field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Gusztáv Lifkai	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Martine Ohr (born 11 June 1964) is a retired Dutch field hockey striker, who won a gold medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics and a bronze at the 1988 Games.	Martine Ohr	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ludovic Proto (born April 30, 1965 in Pointe-a-Pitre, Guadeloupe) is a French boxer who competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics in the men's light welterweight division .	Ludovic Proto	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Borislav Abadzhiev (Bulgarian: Борислав Абаджиев; born October 14, 1963, in Vidin) is a retired boxer from Bulgaria, who competed for his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.	Borislav Abadzhiev	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Pyon Kwang-sun is a North Korean artistic gymnast who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Pyon Kwang-sun	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Fletcher Wamilee (born 6 January 1972) is a Vanuatuan sprinter Wamilee competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics held in Barcelona, he entered the 100 metres and ran a time of 11.41 seconds and finished 8th in his heat so didn't qualify for the next round.	Fletcher Wamilee	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ferenc Machos (30 June 1932 - 3 December 2006) is a Hungarian football forward who played for Hungary in the 1954 FIFA World Cup.	Ferenc Machos	1954 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Wolfgang Strödter (born April 5, 1948 in Bad Homburg vor der Höhe, Hesse) is a former field hockey player from Germany, who was a member of the West-German team that won the gold medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.	Wolfgang Strödter	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Václav Pšenička (October 26, 1906 -- April 25, 1961) was a Czech weightlifter who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1928 Summer Olympics, in the 1932 Summer Olympics, and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Václav Pšenička	1928 Summer Olympics	1932 Summer Olympics	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nicolaas Moerloos (10 August 1900 -- 5 September 1944) was a Belgian gymnast and weightlifter who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Nicolaas Moerloos	1920 Summer Olympics	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ezekiel Kemboi Cheboi (born 25 May 1982) is a Kenyan athlete, winner of the 3000 metres steeplechase at the 2004 Summer Olympics, the 2009 World Championships, the 2011 World Championships, the 2012 Summer Olympics, the 2013 World Championships and the 2015 World Championships.	Ezekiel Kemboi	2004 Summer Olympics	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marta Arce Payno is a B3 classified Spanish judo competitor who has represented Spain at the 2004, 2008 and 2012 Summer Paralympics where she has won a pair of silver medals and a bronze medal.	Marta Arce Payno	2012 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Sture Landqvist (born 15 January 1925) is a Swedish former middle-distance runner who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Sture Landqvist	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Halla Margrét Árnadóttir or Halla Margrét (born 23 April 1964 in Reykjavík) is an Icelandic singer who represented her country in the Eurovision Song Contest 1987, in Brussels.	Halla Margrét Árnadóttir	Eurovision Song Contest 1987
participant of	Argon2 is a key derivation function that was selected as the winner of the Password Hashing Competition in July 2015.	Argon2	Password Hashing Competition
participant of	Christina Voß (born July 7, 1952) is a former East German handball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Christina Voß	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	At the 1948 Winter Olympics, Hedy Schlunegger was the first Olympic Gold medalist in Lady's Downhill skiing.	Hedy Schlunegger	1948 Winter Olympics
participant of	Dimitar Zlatanov (Bulgarian: Димитър Златанов, born November 9, 1948 in Ihtiman) is a former Bulgarian volleyball player, who won the Silver medal at the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Dimitar Zlatanov	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kseniya Sydorenko (born 2 July 1986) is a Ukrainian synchronized swimmer who competed in the women's duet at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.	Kseniya Sydorenko	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Yancho Pavlov (Bulgarian: Янчо Павлов) (born 25 October 1951) is a Bulgarian former wrestler who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Yancho Pavlov	1972 Summer Olympics	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nancy Hogshead-Makar (born April 17, 1962), née Nancy Lynn Hogshead, is an American former competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Nancy Hogshead-Makar	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Tesfaye Tola (born October 19, 1974) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner, most known for winning a bronze medal in marathon at the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Tesfaye Tola	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mirko Corsano (born 28 October 1973 in Casarano) is a volleyball player from Italy, who won the bronze medal with the men's national team at the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Mirko Corsano	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Peter Deer (born 1881 - ?) was a Canadian track and field athlete who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics in the men's 1500 metres.	Peter Deer	1904 Summer Olympics
participant of	Emilio Rodríguez Barros (28 November 1923, Ponteareas, Spain -- 21 February 1984, Ponteareas, Spain) was a Spanish professional road bicycle racer from Ponteareas who won the King of the Mountains classification at Vuelta a España three times and captured the overall title at the 1950 Vuelta a España.	Emilio Rodríguez	Vuelta a España
participant of	Hugues Legault (born January 14, 1974) is a former freestyle swimmer who represented Canada at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Hugues Legault	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rolf Larcher (born June 9, 1934) is a Swiss rower who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Rolf Larcher	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Astrid Strauss or, rarely, Strauß (born 24 December 1968 in Berlin) is a former freestyle swimmer from East Germany, who won the silver medal in the 800 m freestyle at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.	Astrid Strauss	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zoltán Szilágyi (born June 21, 1967 in Budapest) is a former freestyle swimmer from Hungary, who competed in the 1988, 1992, 2000 Summer Olympics.	Zoltán Szilágyi	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zbigniew Gut (; 17 April 1949 -- 27 March 2010) was a Polish footballer (defender) who played for the Poland national football team in the 1974 FIFA World Cup and the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Zbigniew Gut	1974 FIFA World Cup	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Olivier, Baron de Brandois (21 June 1870 -- 9 June 1916) was a sailor from France, who represented his native country at the 1900 Summer Olympics in Le Havre, France.	Olivier, Baron de Brandois	1900 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ateş Çınar represented his country in the 470 class event at the 2008 Summer Olympics along with his brother Deniz Çınar.	Ateş Çınar	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Natalie Hodgskin (born 24 May 1976 in Brisbane) is a softball player from Australia, who won a silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Natalie Hodgskin	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sándor Ádám (born February 1, 1892 in Budapest - died ?) was a Hungarian water polo player who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Sándor Ádám	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ani Lorak reported the highest income of all singers in Ukraine in 2014 Lorak represented Ukraine at the Eurovision Song Contest 2008 with the song ``Shady Lady'' and came in 2nd place behind Dima Bilan from Russia.	Ani Lorak	Eurovision Song Contest 2008
participant of	Igor Čerenšek (born April 22, 1983 in Zagreb) is a freestyle swimmer from Croatia, who made his Olympic debut for his native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Igor Čerenšek	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Philippe Thys (pronounced: (fi.lip tis); Dutch: Philippe Thĳs; 8 October 1889 -- 16 January 1971) was a Belgian cyclist and three times winner of the Tour de France.	Philippe Thys	Tour de France
participant of	Bruno Cherrier (born 31 August 1953) is a French former athlete who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Bruno Cherrier	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Georg Zacharias (14 June 1884 -- 31 July 1953) was a German backstroke and breaststroke swimmer who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics.	Georg Zacharias	1904 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sun Dandan (born 3 July 1978 in Changchun) is a Chinese short track speed skater, who won silver medals in the 3000 m relay at the 1998 and 2002 Winter Olympics.	Sun Dandan	2002 Winter Olympics
participant of	Johnny Påhlsson (13 May 1941 in Torsby -- 21 November 2009 in Lakene) was a Swedish sport shooter who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics, in the 1976 Summer Olympics, in the 1984 Summer Olympics, and in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Johnny Påhlsson	1972 Summer Olympics	1976 Summer Olympics	1984 Summer Olympics	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Alexander Leipold (born 2 June 1969 in Alzenau in Unterfranken) is a German former freestyle wrestler who won the German Championships eleven times, the European Championships three times, the World Championships in 1994, and won the tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics but was later stripped of his gold medal.	Alexander Leipold	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Erik Hajas (born September 16, 1962) is a Swedish handball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics, in the 1992 Summer Olympics, and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Erik Hajas	1988 Summer Olympics	1992 Summer Olympics	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lucijan Kleva (born 15 February 1942 in Izola) is a Slovenian rower who competed for Yugoslavia in the men's eight at the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Lucijan Kleva	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Franz Thannheimer (7 April 1904 -- 27 June 1971) was a German ski jumper who competed in the 1928 Winter Olympics.	Franz Thannheimer	1928 Winter Olympics
participant of	Plamen Paskalev (Bulgarian: Пламен Паскалев) (born July 23, 1975) is a 2x Olympian who competed in Freestyle Wrestling for Bulgaria in the 1996 Summer Olympics and the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Plamen Paskalev	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Markus Eberle (born 2 February 1969 in Riezlern) is an Austrian and later German former alpine skier who competed for Germany in the 1998 Winter Olympics and 2002 Winter Olympics.	Markus Eberle	1998 Winter Olympics	2002 Winter Olympics
participant of	Yosuke Arimitsu (born 16 November 1943) is a Japanese former diver who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.	Yosuke Arimitsu	1964 Summer Olympics	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sandra Völker (born 1 April 1974) is a freestyle and backstroke swimmer from Germany, who won a total number of three (one silver, two bronze) medals at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, United States.	Sandra Völker	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Heini Hemmi (born 17 January 1949) is a Swiss former alpine skier, winner of the giant slalom competition at the 1976 Winter Olympics.	Heini Hemmi	1976 Winter Olympics
participant of	Aletta van Manen (born 20 October 1958) is a retired Dutch field hockey defender, who won a gold medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics, and a bronze at the 1988 Games.	Aletta van Manen	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Charlotte Gilmartin (born 3 July 1990 in Redditch, Worcestershire) is a British short track speed skater who competed at the 2014 Winter Olympics in the 500m and 1500m events.	Charlotte Gilmartin	2014 Winter Olympics
participant of	Szilárd Kun (23 March 1935 -- 31 August 1987) was a Hungarian sport shooter who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics, in the 1956 Summer Olympics, in the 1964 Summer Olympics, in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Szilárd Kun	1952 Summer Olympics	1956 Summer Olympics	1964 Summer Olympics	1968 Summer Olympics	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marilyn Corson (born June 6, 1950), later known by her married name Marilyn Whitney, is a Canadian former competitive swimmer who swam in the 1968 Summer Olympics and 1972 Summer Olympics.	Marilyn Corson	1968 Summer Olympics	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Carla Bodendorf (née Rietig on 13 August 1953) is a retired East German sprint runner who won a gold medal in the 4×100 m relay at the 1976 Summer Olympics; individually she finished 4th in the 200 meters.	Carla Bodendorf	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ans Schut had her best year in 1968 when, after winning silver at the World Allround Championships, she became Olympic Champion on the 3,000 m at the 1968 Winter Olympics in Grenoble.	Ans Schut	1968 Winter Olympics
participant of	Petar Lesov (Bulgarian: Петър Лесов, born September 12, 1960) is a former Bulgarian boxer, who won the Flyweight Gold medal at the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Petar Lesov	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Alfred Buyenne was a French gymnast who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Alfred Buyenne	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Allan Ganter is a former Australian figure skater who competed at the 1956 Winter Olympics.	Allan Ganter	1956 Winter Olympics
participant of	Georges Lagouge (November 5, 1893 -- September 8, 1970) was a French gymnast who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Georges Lagouge	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Cyril Arthur Halligan (10 November 1886 -- 16 May 1942) was a New Zealander who competed for Great Britain at the 1908 Summer Olympics in the 110 metre hurdles.	Arthur Halligan	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	In 1997, Jalisse won the Sanremo Music Festival with Fiumi di parole (Rivers Of Words) and went on to represent Italy at the Eurovision Song Contest 1997, where they reached a very respectable 4th place with 114 points.	Jalisse	Eurovision Song Contest 1997
participant of	Jaipal Singh Munda (3 January 1903 -- 20 March 1970) was a Munda tribal man, who captained the Indian field hockey team to clinch gold in the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam.	Jaipal Singh	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Karen Marsden (born 28 November 1962 in Perth) is a former Australian field hockey goalkeeper, who was a member of the Olympic gold medal winning team of the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Karen Marsden	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hrvoje Horvat (born 22 May 1946 in Bjelovar, Croatia, Yugoslavia) is a Croatian handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics for SFR Yugoslavia.	Hrvoje Horvat	1972 Summer Olympics	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Otto Groß (born January 12, 1890, date of death unknown) was a German backstroke swimmer who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Otto Groß	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Isaac Menyoli (born August 6, 1972) is a Cameroonian architect and skier who was the first person to represent his country at the Winter Olympic Games when he took part in the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City.	Isaac Menyoli	2002 Winter Olympics
participant of	Hartmut Schade (born 13 November 1954, in Radeberg, Saxony) is a German former football player and won the gold medal with the East German Olympic team at the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Hartmut Schade	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Tibor Csernai (3 December 1938 -- 11 September 2012) was a Hungarian footballer who competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Tibor Csernai	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Josip Reić is a Yugoslav rower he was part of the team which won a bronze in Coxed pairs in the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.	Josip Reić	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jörg Ahmann (born February 12, 1966 in Grevenbroich) is a beach volleyball player from Germany, who won the bronze medal in the men's beach team competition at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia, partnering Axel Hager.	Jörg Ahmann	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Shunpei Hashioka (Japanese: 俊平 橋岡; born July 7, 1911) is a Japanese-Chinese boxer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Shunpei Hashioka	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Allen Whitty (5 May 1867 -- 22 July 1949) was an English sport shooter who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics representing Great Britain.	Allen Whitty	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Helene Mayer (December 20, 1910 -- October 15, 1953) was a world champion Olympic fencer who competed for Nazi Germany in the 1936 Summer Olympics, despite having been forced to leave Germany and resettle in the United States because she was of partial Jewish family background.	Helene Mayer	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lai Zhongjian (born 1988-01-28 in Guigang, Guangxi) is a Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Lai Zhongjian	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Terry Brands (born April 9, 1968 in Omaha, Nebraska) is an American Olympic wrestler who won a bronze medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics, after losing the semi-final match to the famous Iranian wrestler, Alireza Dabir.	Terry Brands	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sun Xiaolei (born 1986-01-12 in Zhejiang) is a Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Sun Xiaolei	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jeanette Kieboom (born 3 Sep 1959) is a former javelin thrower who represented Australia at the 1978 Commonwealth Games in Edmonton, Canada, in the 1985 Pacific Conference Games in California and the 1986 Commonwealth Games in Edinburgh, Scotland.	Jeanette Kieboom	1978 Commonwealth Games	1986 Commonwealth Games
participant of	Ludwig Gräf (25 August 1908 -- 18 September 1978) was a German sports shooter who competed for Saar in two events at the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Ludwig Gräf	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Svetlana Antipova (née Zaboluyeva, born 20 August 1966) is a Russian former basketball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Svetlana Antipova	1992 Summer Olympics	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Otto Bühler (date of birth and death unknowns) was a Swiss footballer who was a squad member for Switzerland in the 1934 FIFA World Cup.	Otto Bühler	1934 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Jean Collas (3 July 1874 -- 30 December 1928) was a French rugby union player and tug of war competitor, who competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics.	Jean Collas	1900 Summer Olympics
participant of	Dimitri Deruelle (born 5 December 1971) is a French yacht racer who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Dimitri Deruelle	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Andreas Thiel (born March 3, 1960 in Lünen, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a former German handball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics, in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Andreas Thiel	1984 Summer Olympics	1992 Summer Olympics	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nino Defilippis (21 March 1932, Turin -- 13 July 2010, Turin) was an Italian road bicycle racer who won the Giro di Lombardia in 1958, as well as nine stages at the Giro d'Italia, seven stages at the Tour de France and two stages at the Vuelta a España.	Nino Defilippis	Tour de France	Vuelta a España
position played on team / speciality	Gaspar Iñíguez (born 26 March 1994) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Serie A club Carpi on loan from Granada.	Gaspar Iñíguez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jean-Pierre Tcheutchoua (born 12 December 1980) is a footballer from Cameroon who currently plays as defender.	Jean-Pierre Tcheutchoua	defender
position played on team / speciality	Kevin Gibbens (born 4 November 1979) is an English football midfielder currently playing for Wessex League side Blackfield & Langley.	Kevin Gibbens	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fabian Holthaus (born 17 January 1995) is a German football defender, who plays for Dynamo Dresden, on loan from Fortuna Düsseldorf.	Fabian Holthaus	defender
position played on team / speciality	Luz Duarte (born 29 August 1995) is a Mexican professional footballer who currently plays as a forward.	Luz Duarte	forward
position played on team / speciality	Leni Larsen Kaurin (born 21 March 1981) is a Norwegian football midfielder who has made almost 100 appearances for the Norway women's national football team.	Leni Larsen Kaurin	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Arnar Viðarsson (born 15 March 1978) is a retired Icelandic footballer, his playing position is midfielder.	Arnar Viðarsson	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alfred Arthur (born on December 25, 1986 in Ghana) is a Ghanaian international football defender who plays for Berekum Chelsea.	Alfred Arthur	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alberto Almici (born 11 January 1993) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender for Ascoli on loan from Atalanta.	Alberto Almici	defender
position played on team / speciality	Otmane El Assas (born on 30 January 1979) is a Moroccan footballer who is a midfielder for Qatar Stars League outfit Umm Salal on loan from Al Gharrafa.	Otmane El Assas	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lander Panera Arteagabeitia (Chinese: 蘭特; born 4 December 1981) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Southern District RSA in the Hong Kong First Division League as a defensive midfielder.	Lander Panera Arteagabeitia	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tomáš Oravec (born 3 July 1980) is a Slovak football forward who plays for SC Marchtrenk in the Austrian Landesliga.	Tomáš Oravec	forward
position played on team / speciality	David Pfeil is a retired American soccer midfielder who played professionally in the USISL, Major Indoor Soccer League and Continental Indoor Soccer League.	David Pfeil	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Javier Hernández Balcázar (Spanish (xaˈβjeɾ erˈnandes) ; born 1 June 1988) is a Mexican professional footballer who plays as a forward for German club Bayer Leverkusen and the Mexico national team.	Javier Hernández	forward
position played on team / speciality	Michael Gurski (born 21 March 1979 in Tübingen) is a German football coach and former goalkeeper.	Michael Gurski	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Stefan Cherneski (born September 19, 1978 in Winnipeg, Manitoba and raised in Thompson, Manitoba) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey right winger.	Stefan Cherneski	winger
position played on team / speciality	Bojan Dubajić (Serbian Cyrillic: Бојан Дубајић; born 1 September 1990 in Novi Sad) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for Swiss Challenge League club Le Mont as a forward.	Bojan Dubajić	forward
position played on team / speciality	Trent Campbell (born December 24, 1982 in Beauval, Saskatchewan, Canada is a former professional ice hockey winger who currently plays senior men's hockey for the Rosthern Wheat Kings of the Fort Carlton Hockey League.	Trent Campbell	winger
position played on team / speciality	Jacson da Paixão Neponuceno (born 16 December 1989), commonly known as Jacson, is a Brazilian professional footballer who currently plays for Iranian club Gostaresh Foulad F.C. as a forward.	Jacson da Paixão Neponuceno	forward
position played on team / speciality	Tibor Csehi (born 27 March 1963) is a Hungarian midfielder who formerly played for several clubs in Hungary, before retiring in 1997.	Tibor Csehi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Bernd Thijs (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈbɛrnt ˈtɛi̯s)) (born 28 June 1978 in Hasselt, Belgium) is a retired Belgian football midfielder who last played for Belgian club Gent.	Bernd Thijs	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Omid Noorafkan (Persian: امید نورافکن‎‎, born 9 April 1997 in Rey, Iran) is an Iranian football midfielder who currently plays for Esteghlal in Iran's Premier League football and the Iran national under-17 football team.	Omid Noorafkan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nedžmedin Memedi (Macedonian: Неџмедин Мемеди, Albanian: Nexhmedin Memedi) (born 20 March 1966) is a retired Albanian football midfielder from the Republic of Macedonia.	Nedžmedin Memedi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Joseph Mensah (born 29 September 1994) is a professional Ghanaian football midfielder currently playing for Danish 1st Division club AC Horsens.	Joseph Mensah	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Milen Mitev (born 27 December 1990) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing as an attacking midfielder for Vereya.	Milen Mitev	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Georges Carnus (born 13 August 1940) is a former French international footballer who played as goalkeeper.	Georges Carnus	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Arthur Melmoth Walters (26 January 1865 -- 2 May 1941) was an English amateur footballer who played as a defender for the Old Carthusians and the Corinthians in the late nineteenth century as well as making nine appearances for England.	Arthur Melmoth Walters	defender
position played on team / speciality	Robin Olsen (born 8 January 1990) is a Swedish professional footballer of Danish descent who plays for F.C. Copenhagen on loan from PAOK FC as a goalkeeper.	Robin Olsen	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Cristina Pizarro Mingo, also known as Chini, is a Spanish football defender, currently playing for Rayo Vallecano in Spain's Primera División.	Cristina Pizarro	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marek Schwarz (born April 1, 1986 in Mladá Boleslav, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the HC Sparta Prague.	Marek Schwarz	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Egon Loy (born 14 May 1931) is a German former professional football goalkeeper.	Egon Loy	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Haris Vučkić (born 21 August 1992) is a Slovenian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Wigan Athletic on loan from Newcastle United and the Slovenia national team.	Haris Vučkić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Diego Folgar Toimil (Chinese: 迪基圖; born 6 January 1983), commonly known as Dieguito, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Southern District RSA in the Hong Kong First Division League, as a forward.	Dieguito	forward
position played on team / speciality	Tom Alioto (born May 20, 1958 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin) is a retired American soccer defender who played in the North American Soccer League, Major Indoor Soccer League and American Indoor Soccer Association.	Tom Alioto	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dan Tessier (born January 3, 1979) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey centre who last played for the Nottingham Panthers of the British Elite Ice Hockey League (EIHL).	Dan Tessier	centre
position played on team / speciality	Colin Baustad (born August 31, 1969) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman and roller hockey player.	Colin Baustad	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Jed Brown (born 12 March 1991) is a New Zealand rugby union player who currently plays as a flanker for Canterbury in the ITM Cup.	Jed Brown	flanker
position played on team / speciality	Sofia Huerta (born December 14, 1992) is a Mexican-American professional soccer forward.	Sofia Huerta	forward
position played on team / speciality	Wolfgang Strobel (17 October 1896 -- 19 April 1945) was a German football forward who played for 1.	Wolfgang Strobel	forward
position played on team / speciality	Cristian Munteanu (born 10 November 1974 in Tulcea) is a former Romanian football goalkeeper.	Cristian Munteanu	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jamil Canal, a native of Brazil, spent most of his career as a goalkeeper in the American Soccer League.	Jamil Canal	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	George Dorsett (born 1881 in Brownhills, Staffordshire) was an English footballer who played for West Bromwich Albion and Manchester City as a winger and wing-half.	George Dorsett	winger
position played on team / speciality	Blake Enever (born 12 October 1991) is an Australian rugby union footballer who plays as a lock for the Brumbies in Super Rugby.	Blake Enever	lock
position played on team / speciality	Denvis Manns (born July 21, 1976) was the third ever NCAA running back to rush for 1,000 yards in four consecutive seasons after Tony Dorsett (University of Pittsburgh, 1973--1977) and Amos Lawrence (University of North Carolina, 1977--1980).	Denvis Manns	running back
position played on team / speciality	Tom McGovern was a Scottish football wing half who appeared in the Football League for Queens Park Rangers.	Tom McGovern	wing half
position played on team / speciality	Éric Rabésandratana (born 18 September 1972) is a French retired footballer who played mainly as a defensive midfielder -- he could also operate as a central defender.	Éric Rabésandratana	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Slaven Stanković (Serbian Cyrillic: Славен Станковић, born January 5, 1982 in Belgrade) is a Serbian football player who plays as a midfielder.	Slaven Stanković	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nicky Riley (born 10 May 1986) is a professional Scottish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Peterhead.	Nicky Riley	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mamadou Tounkara (born 19 January 1996) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a forward for Italian club Salernitana.	Mamadou Tounkara	forward
position played on team / speciality	Pedro Ricardo Marques Pereira Monteiro (born 3 May 1978), known as Pedrinha, is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a central midfielder.	Pedrinha	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Vincenzo Maiolo (born 15 September 1978 in Varese, Lombardy) is an Italian former footballer, who played as a forward.	Vincenzo Maiolo	forward
position played on team / speciality	Pierre Karlów (Persian: پیر کارلو‎) was a Polish naturalized Iranian football goalkeeper.	Pierre Karlów	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Leonardo Bonucci (Italian pronunciation: (leoˈnardo boˈnuttʃi); born 1 May 1987) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Serie A club Juventus and the Italian national team.	Leonardo Bonucci	defender
position played on team / speciality	Tommaso Allan (or Tommy Allan) is an Italian rugby union player who can play fly-half, centre or fullback, and currently plays for French side USA Perpignan.	Tommaso Allan	fly-half
position played on team / speciality	Christoph Leitgeb (born 14 April 1985 in Graz) is an Austrian football midfielder currently playing in the Austrian Bundesliga for Red Bull Salzburg.	Christoph Leitgeb	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Oussama Darragi (born 3 April 1987 in Tunisia) is a professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or a playmaker.	Oussama Darragi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Salvador Ichazo Fernández (born 26 January 1992) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Italian club Torino and the Uruguay national under-20 team.	Salvador Ichazo	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Giorgi Gadrani (Georgian: გიორგი გადრანი; 30 September 1994 in Tbilisi, Georgia) is a professional Georgian football defender who plays for FC Chornomorets Odessa in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Giorgi Gadrani	defender
position played on team / speciality	Markus Halsti (born 19 March 1984) is a Finnish football defender and midfielder who plays for D.C. United in Major League Soccer and the Finland national team.	Markus Halsti	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Eros Schiavon (born 24 April 1983 in Piove di Sacco) is an Italian footballer who plays for Avellino as a midfielder.	Eros Schiavon	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jessy Pi (born 24 September 1993 in Manosque, France) is a French professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Troyes on loan from AS Monaco.	Jessy Pi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Serhiy Kovalets (Ukrainian: Сергій Іванович Ковалець; born 5 September 1968) is a former Ukrainian football midfielder, and coach.	Serhiy Kovalets	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Shilton Paul is an Indian footballer who plays for Mohun Bagan in the I-League as a goalkeeper, currently captaining the Mariners.	Shilton Paul	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ali Aamer (Arabic: علي عامر; born December 26, 1977) is a Bahraini footballer who is a midfielder for Muharraq Club.	Ali Aamer	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Bedsenté Gomis (born 14 April 1988) is a semi-professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for National League South club Sutton United.	Bedsenté Gomis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fábio Noronha de Oliveira (born 12 October 1975) is a Brazilian footballer who plays goalkeeper for América (Teófilo Otoni) .	Fábio Noronha	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Thomas Pinault (born 4 December 1981 in Grasse, Alpes-Maritimes) is a French professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Racing Club de Grasse in France CFA 2.	Thomas Pinault	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mantas Savėnas (born 27 August 1982) is a Lithuanian professional football midfielder, who currently plays for FK Daugava Rīga in the Latvian Higher League.	Mantas Savėnas	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ričmonds Vilde (born July 5, 1990) is a Latvian professional basketball player, who plays the center position.	Ričmonds Vilde	center
position played on team / speciality	Mark Ridgers (born 9 August 1990) is a professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Orlando City B in the United Soccer League.	Mark Ridgers	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Khaled Korbi (born 16 December 1985) is a Tunisian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder.	Khaled Korbi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Elias Ntaganda (born January 1, 1982 in Kinshasa), is a Rwandan football defender currently playing for APR FC.	Elias Ntaganda	defender
position played on team / speciality	José Francisco da Silva Botelho Jr., known as Juninho (literally little Júnior) or Juninho Botelho, (born 19 January 1987) is a Brazilian football midfielder who plays for Juventude.	Juninho Botelho	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Juan Legarreta Ugarte (1897 in Irún, Spain - 22 November 1978 in Santiago, Chile) is a former Spanish footballer who played for Unión Española as a central defender.	Juan Legarreta	defender
position played on team / speciality	Yoon In-sun (born 1958) is a Korean football defender who played for South Korea in the 1980 President's Cup Football Tournament against Bahrain.	Yoon In-sun	defender
position played on team / speciality	Pablo Migliore (born 27 January 1982 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine football goalkeeper who currently plays for Club Almirante Brown.	Pablo Migliore	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mohd Suffian Abdul Rahman Kungi Raman (born 23 February 1978) is a Malaysian footballer currently playing as a goalkeeper for Felda United FC.	Mohd Suffian Abdul Rahman	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Martin Pařízek (born 30 December 1974) is a retired footballer, who played as a goalkeeper.	Martin Pařízek	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Saša Radivojević (Serbian Cyrillic: Саша Радивојевић; born April 10, 1979) is a Serbian football goalkeeper.	Saša Radivojević	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Zhou Lin (Chinese:周麟) (born February 4, 1981) is a Chinese football player who last played for Guangzhou F.C. as a defender.	Zhou Lin	defender
position played on team / speciality	Hugh Edmonds (1884 -- unknown) was a Scottish footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Hugh Edmonds	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Joseph Birchall was a professional English footballer who played as a winger.	Joseph Birchall	winger
position played on team / speciality	Eddie Bovington (born 23 April 1941) is an English former footballer who played for West Ham United as a wing-half.	Eddie Bovington	wing-half
position played on team / speciality	Jacques Grimonpon (July 30, 1925; Tourcoing -- January 23, 2013; Cap Ferret, Gironde) was a French football defender.	Jacques Grimonpon	defender
position played on team / speciality	Christoph Kramer (born 19 February 1991) is a German professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Bayer Leverkusen, and the German national team.	Christoph Kramer	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Chris Snitko (born January 24, 1973), is a retired U.S. soccer goalkeeper who was the 1995 ISAA Goalkeeper of the Year.	Chris Snitko	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Pietro Serantoni (12 December 1906, Venice - 6 October 1964) was an Italian football (soccer) midfielder.	Pietro Serantoni	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Abdel Karim Boutadjine (born 23 March 1989) is a French football player of Algerian descent who plays as a forward.	Karim Boutadjine	forward
position played on team / speciality	Marcos Gondra Krug (born 1 January 1987), known simply as Gondra, is a Spanish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Norwegian 2.	Marcos Gondra Krug	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	David Čep (born 4 October 1980 in Šternberk) is a Czech football defender who played in the Czech Gambrinus liga for two teams, as well as the Slovak Superliga for 1.	David Čep	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mike Seerey, (born October 23, 1950 in St. Louis, Missouri) is a former U.S. soccer, forward and a two-time recipient of the Hermann Trophy as the outstanding collegiate soccer player of the year.	Mike Seerey	forward
position played on team / speciality	Adama Touré (born 28 August 1991), simply known as Adama, is a Malian footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Adama Touré	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Helal Saeed Humaid Saeed Al Saeed (Arabic: هلال سعيد حميد سعيد آل سعيد‎; born 12 May 1977), simply known as Helal Saeed is an Emirati professional footballer playing for Al Ain as a midfielder.	Helal Saeed	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Diego Perotti (born 26 July 1988) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for Italian club A.S. Roma on loan from Genoa C.F.C. Mainly a winger who can play with both feet, he can also appear as an attacking midfielder.	Diego Perotti	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Born in Uppsala, Robert Åhman Persson, a centre back, left back and centre midfielder, was with Bälinge from childhood in 1991 until the age of 16 in 2003.	Robert Åhman Persson	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Arran Lee-Barrett (born 28 February 1984 in Ipswich) is an English former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Arran Lee-Barrett	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Toni Duggan (born 25 July 1991) is an English footballer who plays as a winger or as a forward, for Manchester City and the England women's national football team.	Toni Duggan	forward
position played on team / speciality	Roman Hamrlík (born April 12, 1974) is a Czech former professional ice hockey defenceman who played 20 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL).	Roman Hamrlík	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Casey Pierro-Zabotel (born November 8, 1988) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who is currently playing for the Allen Americans of the ECHL.	Casey Pierro-Zabotel	centre
position played on team / speciality	Ante Rajković (born August 17, 1952 in Jardol village near Vitez, PR Bosnia and Herzegovina, FPR Yugoslavia) is a Bosnian defender who played for SFR Yugoslavia.	Ante Rajković	defender
position played on team / speciality	Salvador Morales Durán (born October 25, 1979 in Usulután, El Salvador) is a Salvadoran football player who currently plays as a defender for Municipal Limeño in the Salvadoran second division.	Salvador Morales	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marco Malagò (born 30 December 1978 in Venice, Italy) is an Italian footballer who currently plays for Lumezzane in the role of a defender.	Marco Malagò	defender
position played on team / speciality	Pasquale Fazio (born 10 June 1989) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a defender for Serie B club Trapani.	Pasquale Fazio	defender
position played on team / speciality	Cam Plante (born March 12, 1964) is a former professional ice hockey defenceman.	Cam Plante	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Thomas Graham Bailey (born 22 March 1920) was a professional footballer who played 33 league games for Huddersfield Town and 20 games for Sheffield United as a fullback.	Graham Bailey	fullback
position played on team / speciality	Nizar Abdul Zahra Khalaf (1 July 1961 -- 15 May 2006), nicknamed (Maradona of Al-Minaa), was a Iraqi footballer who played forward.	Nizar Abdul Zahra	forward
position played on team / speciality	Erik Levin was Swedish footballer who played as a defender.	Erik Levin	defender
position played on team / speciality	Kevin De Bruyne (Dutch pronunciation: (də ˈbrœy̆nə); born 28 June 1991) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Premier League club Manchester City and the Belgium national team.	Kevin De Bruyne	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Pāvels Veselovs (born July 15, 1983 in Rīga, Latvia) is a Latvian professional basketball player who plays the power forward position.	Pāvels Veselovs	power forward
position played on team / speciality	Marko Blažić (Serbian Cyrillic: Марко Блажић; born 2 August 1985) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for Greek club AEL Kalloni, as an attacking midfielder or winger.	Marko Blažić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Wylan Cyprien (born 28 January 1995 in Les Abymes, Guadeloupe) is a French footballer who currently plays as an offensive midfielder for French side RC Lens.	Wylan Cyprien	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ismail Isa Mustafa (Bulgarian: Исмаил Иса Мустафа; born on 26 June 1989 in Targovishte) is a Bulgarian footballer of Turkish descent who currently plays as a forward for Beroe Stara Zagora.	Ismail Isa	forward
position played on team / speciality	Mohammadou Idrissou (born 8 March 1980 in Yaoundé) is a Cameroonian football striker who is currently playing as a forward for FK Shkëndija in the Republic of Macedonia.	Mohammadou Idrissou	forward
position played on team / speciality	Nathan Marsters (January 28, 1980 -- June 8, 2009) was a professional ice hockey goaltender.	Nathan Marsters	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Boris Lumbana is a defender who after spending his youth career at the Örebro-based Swedish football team BK Forward, has played professionally in a number of Swedish football clubs.	Boris Lumbana	defender
position played on team / speciality	Iva Ciglar (born 12 December 1985) is Croatian basketball player currently playing for BC Spartak St.Petersburg, Russia as a point guard.	Iva Ciglar	point guard
position played on team / speciality	Enrico Piccioni (born 23 November 1961 in San Benedetto del Tronto) is a former Italian footballer in the role of centre back, who last worked as a manager for Bulgarian A PFG club Botev PLOVDIV.	Enrico Piccioni	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Mario Larocque (born April 24, 1978 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently an unrestricted free agent who most recently played for the Stockton Thunder in the ECHL.	Mario Larocque	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Mitch Wilson (born February 15, 1962 in Kelowna, British Columbia) is a Canadian retired ice hockey centre.	Mitch Wilson	centre
position played on team / speciality	Lu-Wayne Botes (born 14 July 1983 in Johannesburg) is a Namibian rugby union centre with University of Johannesburg.	Lu-Wayne Botes	centre
position played on team / speciality	Jovan Vidović (born 6 January 1989 in Ljubljana) is a Slovenian football defender, who is currently playing for Hansa Rostock.	Jovan Vidović	defender
position played on team / speciality	Andreas Wolf (Cyrillic: Андрей Андреевич Вольф, romanized: Andrey Andreyevich Volf; born 12 June 1982 in Leninabad, Soviet Union) is a German former footballer who last played as a defender for AS Monaco.	Andreas Wolf	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dustin Wood (born May 21, 1981, in Scarborough, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman, currently playing for EHC Lustenau in the Austrian National League (ANL).	Dustin Wood	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Aristide Bahin (born 21 November 1987 in Dabou) is an Ivorian footballer who plays as a centre forward.	Aristide Bahin	forward
position played on team / speciality	Don D'Ambra (born May 5, 1972 in Philadelphia) is a retired American soccer forward who currently coaches the Saint Joseph's University men's soccer team.	Don D'Ambra	forward
position played on team / speciality	William Soares da Silva (born 30 December 1988), simply known as Soares, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Portuguese club União da Madeira as a defensive midfielder.	William Soares da Silva	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ivan Karamanov (Bulgarian: Иван Караманов) (born 23 April 1981 in Plovdiv) is a Bulgarian football player, currently playing as a midfielder.	Ivan Karamanov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Anatoli Todorov (Bulgarian: Анатоли Тодоров; born 24 April 1985) is a Bulgarian football player, currently playing as an offensive midfielder.	Anatoli Todorov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Brian Morrisroe (born 17 April 1972 in Dublin) is an Irish footballer currently playing for Firhouse Clover F.C. A midfielder he made his League of Ireland debut for St Patrick's Athletic at Dundalk on the 26th of September 1993.	Brian Morrisroe	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mykhaylo Dyachuk-Stavytskyi (Ukrainian: Михайло Юрійович Дячук-Ставицький; born 1 January 1989 in Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who currently plays for amateur club FC Bory Borynychi.	Mykhaylo Dyachuk-Stavytskyi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nicholas Caglioni (born 14 January 1983 in Nembro) is a football goalkeeper who plays for U.S. Lecce.	Nicholas Caglioni	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Matthias Jaissle (born 5 April 1988 in Nürtingen, Baden-Württemberg) is a German footballer who plays as a defender.	Matthias Jaissle	defender
position played on team / speciality	Javier Manjarín Pereda (born 31 December 1969) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a forward, with speed as his main attribute.	Javier Manjarín	forward
position played on team / speciality	Willie Phiri (3 June 1953 -- 2 June 2011) was a Zambia international football midfielder and manager.	Willie Phiri	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Adrián Domenech (born 25 March 1959) is a retired Argentine football defender and former coach of Argentinos Juniors.	Adrián Domenech	defender
position played on team / speciality	Igor Talevski (Macedonian: Игор Талевски; born 26 January 1979) is a Macedonian football midfielder, currently playing for FK Mladost Carev Dvor in Second Macedonian Football League.	Igor Talevski	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Vladimír Chaloupka (born 25 January 1976) is a Czech footballer who played as a midfielder and forward.	Vladimír Chaloupka	forward
position played on team / speciality	Selçuk Alibaz (born 3 December 1989) is a Turkish footballer who plays for Konyaspor in an attacking midfielder position.	Selçuk Alibaz	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Joe Carson (born 24 November 1953) is a former professional footballer who spent his entire playing career in the Scottish leagues, playing mostly as a central defender.	Joe Carson	defender
position played on team / speciality	Liberto dos Santos (born 1 February 1908 - deceased), was a former Portuguese footballer who played as forward.	Liberto dos Santos	forward
position played on team / speciality	Tanko Dyakov (Bulgarian: Танко Дяков; born 18 August 1984) is a Bulgarian footballer, currently playing as a defender for Beroe Stara Zagora.	Tanko Dyakov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ian Herring (born 14 February 1984) is an English footballer, who plays as a midfielder.	Ian Herring	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gloria Chinasa Okoro (December 8, 1987 in Owerri, Nigeria) is a naturalized Equatoguinean football player, playing as a midfielder or a forward.	Gloria Chinasa	forward
position played on team / speciality	Tamir Cohen (Hebrew: תמיר כהן‎; born 4 March 1984 in Tel Aviv) is an Israeli football midfielder.	Tamir Cohen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Steve Downie (born April 3, 1987) is a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger currently signed to the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL) and playing with their American Hockey League affiliate, the Springfield Falcons.	Steve Downie	winger
position played on team / speciality	Božo Đumić (Serbian Cyrillic: Божо Ђумић, born 7 January 1992) is a Serbian professional basketball player, currently playing as a center for Partizan NIS of the Basketball League of Serbia and the Adriatic League.	Božo Đumić	center
position played on team / speciality	Nenad Gračan (born 23 January 1962) is a retired Croatian footballer who played as a central midfielder, and a current coach.	Nenad Gračan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Raphael Rocha is an American Samoan footballer of Filipino descent who plays as a forward for Atu'u Broncos and the American Samoa national football team.	Raphael Rocha	forward
position played on team / speciality	Emilio John is a retired Nigerian soccer forward.	Emilio John	forward
position played on team / speciality	Filip Kurto (born 14 June 1991 in Olsztyn, Poland) is a Polish footballer, who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Excelsior in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Filip Kurto	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Vera Homp is a football midfielder currently playing for Lokomotive Leipzig in the Bundesliga.	Vera Homp	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Albert Nikoro (born 7 August 1992) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who plays as a wing for the Western Force in Super Rugby and for Perth Spirit in Australia's National Rugby Championship.	Albert Nikoro	wing
position played on team / speciality	Ethan Hanns is a Samoan footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Ethan Hanns	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Santiago Formoso (born July 4, 1953) is a Spanish-American soccer defender who spent five seasons in the North American Soccer League.	Santiago Formoso	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sebastian Hofmann (born 12 September 1983 in Sinsheim) is a professional football forward who plays for GSV Maichingen.	Sebastian Hofmann	forward
position played on team / speciality	Thomas Kroth (born 26 August 1959) is a German former professional football midfielder.	Thomas Kroth	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Pedro Miguel Carvalho Deus Correia (born 6 August 1990), known as Ró-Ró, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Qatari club Al Sadd as a defender.	Ró-Ró	defender
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Iturraspe Cuevas (10 June 1910 -- 10 August 1981) was a Spanish football midfielder and manager.	Carlos Iturraspe	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dejan Babić (Serbian Cyrillic: Дејан Бабић; born 20 April 1989) is a Serbian football midfielder, who plays for Maccabi Yavne in the Liga Leumit.	Dejan Babić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Bárbaro Erisbel Arruebarrena Escalante (/ˈɛərɪzbɛl ˈʌruːbɑreɪnə/; born March 25, 1990) is a Cuban professional baseball shortstop in the Los Angeles Dodgers organization.	Erisbel Arruebarrena	shortstop
position played on team / speciality	Mateusz Możdżeń (born March 14, 1991 in Warsaw) is a Polish footballer who plays for Podbeskidzie Bielsko-Biała as a midfielder.	Mateusz Możdżeń	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Andraž Kirm (born 6 September 1984, in Ljubljana) is a Slovenian footballer, who plays as a midfielder for Omonia in the Cypriot First Division.	Andraž Kirm	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nicola Leali (born 17 February 1993) is an Italian professional footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for newly promoted Frosinone on loan from Juventus.	Nicola Leali	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Héctor Alberto Coyote Tapia (born 1967-03-26 in Celaya) is a retired Mexican footballer as a midfielder and manager.	Alberto Coyote	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Julián López de Lerma Barahona (born 27 February 1987 in Badajoz, Extremadura), known simply as Julián, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder.	Julián López de Lerma	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	David Simbo (born 28 September 1989) is a Sierra Leonean international footballer who plays for Saudi club Najran SC, as a defender and midfielder.	David Simbo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Viktors Morozs (born 30 July 1980) is a Latvian football midfielder, who is currently playing for the Latvian Higher League club Skonto Rīga and Latvia national football team.	Viktors Morozs	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Hubert Hien is an Upper Volta football midfielder who played for Upper Volta in the 1978 African Cup of Nations.	Hubert Hien	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rumen Sandev (Bulgarian: Румен Сандев; born 19 November 1988) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing as a defender for Pirin Blagoevgrad.	Rumen Sandev	defender
position played on team / speciality	Gene Olaff (born September 23, 1920 in Bayonne, New Jersey) was a U.S. soccer goalkeeper.	Gene Olaff	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jermaine Sweeney is goalkeeper for PC United and the Montserrat national team.	Jermaine Sweeney	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Louise Högrell (born 12 February 1994), is a Swedish footballer who last played as a goalkeeper for Damallsvenskan club Kopparbergs/Göteborg FC.	Louise Högrell	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Sergej Milinković-Savić (Serbian Cyrillic: Сергеј Милинковић-Савић; born 27 February 1995) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for Italian club Lazio, mainly as a central midfielder.	Sergej Milinković-Savić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Albi Dosti (born 13 September 1991 in Fushë-Krujë) is an Albanian professional footballer who currently plays for KF Laçi as a midfielder.	Albi Dosti	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	William Servat (born 9 December 1978 in Saint-Gaudens, France) is a French rugby union footballer who plays as a hooker for Toulouse in the Top 14 club competition.	William Servat	hooker
position played on team / speciality	Connor James (born August 25, 1982 in Calgary, Alberta) is a professional ice hockey centre currently with the Straubing Tigers of the German DEL.	Connor James	centre
position played on team / speciality	Igor Morozov (born 27 May 1989) is an Estonian professional footballer of Russian descent who plays as a defender.	Igor Morozov	defender
position played on team / speciality	José Fernando Polozzi, best known as Polozzi (born in Vinhedo, São Paulo State, October 1, 1955) is a former Brazilian football (soccer) player in central defender role, currently managed Bandeirante's team.	Polozzi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Cherno Samba (born 10 November 1985) is a former professional footballer who played as a forward.	Cherno Samba	forward
position played on team / speciality	Enocent Mkhabela (born 30 April 1989 in Nelspruit, Mpumalanga) is a South African football (soccer) player who plays as a midfielder for SuperSport United in the Premier Soccer League.	Enocent Mkhabela	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tony McNamara (3 October 1929 -- 30 May 2015) was an English footballer who played as a winger.	Tony McNamara	winger
position played on team / speciality	Pascal Schürpf (born 15 July 1989, in Basel) is a Swiss footballer who plays as a midfielder or striker.	Pascal Schürpf	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Aquivaldo Mosquera Romaña (born 22 June 1981) is a Colombian footballer who currently plays for Liga MX club Pachuca and the Colombian national team as a defender.	Aquivaldo Mosquera	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jonathan David Gómez Ospina is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a Attacking midfielder for Categoría Primera A club Santa Fe.	Jonathan David Gómez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kieran Duffie (born 4 March 1992 in Scotland) is a professional footballer who plays as a defender.	Kieran Duffie	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mustapha Bangura (born 24 October 1989 in Freetown, Sierra Leone) is a Sierra Leonean International footballer who plays as a forward for Aris Limassol in the Cyprus First Division.	Mustapha Bangura	forward
position played on team / speciality	Adam Russo (born April 12, 1983) is a Canadian/Italian professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently an Unrestricted Free Agent.	Adam Russo	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Bodo Rudwaleit (born 3 August 1957 in Woltersdorf (bei Berlin)) is a former German former football goalkeeper who played in East Germany.	Bodo Rudwaleit	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Miguel Ángel Cornero, (12 March 1952 -- 19 November 1999) was an Argentine football defender.	Miguel Ángel Cornero	defender
position played on team / speciality	Pablo Sierra Madrazo (born 3 October 1978) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right winger.	Pablo Sierra Madrazo	winger
position played on team / speciality	Nikodimos Papavasiliou (Greek: Νικόδημος Παπαβασιλείου; born 31 August 1970) is a Cypriot manager and former football midfielder.	Nikodimos Papavasiliou	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Craig Topolnisky (born October 8, 1957) is a Canadian-born former professional ice hockey defenceman.	Craig Topolnisky	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Darren Petrie (born 26 July 1995) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Albion Rovers in Scottish League One, as a midfielder on loan from Raith Rovers.	Darren Petrie	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lee Atack is a former English-American soccer defender who played four seasons in the North American Soccer League and one in the Major Indoor Soccer League.	Lee Atack	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ruy Franco de Almeida Júnior (born 26 January 1989), known simply as Ruy, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Coritiba as an attacking midfielder.	Ruy Franco de Almeida Júnior	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Roy Sinclair (10 December 1944 -- 12 January 2013) was an English professional football midfielder.	Roy Sinclair	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Radamés Martins Rodrigues da Silva, or simply Radamés (born April 17, 1986 in Rio de Janeiro), is a Brazilian defensive midfielder who currently plays returned for Boa Esporte.	Radamés Martins Rodrigues da Silva	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kellon Baptiste (7 September 1973 -- 12 April 2012) was a Grenadian international footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Kellon Baptiste	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Andriy Havryushov (born 24 September 1977, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for Oleksandria in the Persha Liha.	Andriy Havryushov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Hugh Roach (born 11 September 1992) is an Australian rugby union player who currently plays as a hooker for the Waratahs in Super Rugby.	Hugh Roach	hooker
position played on team / speciality	Sean Parrish (born 14 March 1972 in Wrexham, Wales) is a Welsh footballer who played as a midfielder.	Sean Parrish	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Bo Daniel Theorin (born 4 August 1983) is a Swedish footballer, who plays for IK Frej Täby as a defender.	Daniel Theorin	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mariusz Zganiacz (born August 31, 1984 in Wodzisław Śląski) is a Polish footballer (attacking midfielder) playing currently for GKS Tychy.	Mariusz Zganiacz	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Benjamin Kayser (born 26 July 1984 in Paris, France) is a French Rugby union player who plays as hooker for Clermont Auvergne in the French Top 14.	Benjamin Kayser	hooker
position played on team / speciality	Boris Vasković (Serbian Cyrillic: Борис Васковић; born 14 September 1975) is a Serbian former professional footballer who played mainly as a central midfielder.	Boris Vasković	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Minas Osmani (Macedonian: Минас Османи) (born 22 February 1985) is a midfielder from the Republic of Macedonia of Albanian ethnicity.	Minas Osmani	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nebojša Jelenković (Serbian Cyrillic: Небојша Јеленковић; born 26 May 1978) is a former Serbian professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.	Nebojša Jelenković	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dejan Školnik (born 1 January 1989 in Maribor) is a Croatian football midfielder who plays for Fortuna Liga club Zlaté Moravce.	Dejan Školnik	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Brian Punter (born 16 August 1935) is an English former footballer who scored 21 goals from 75 appearances in the Football League playing as a centre forward for Lincoln City.	Brian Punter	forward
position played on team / speciality	Fatih Egedik (born 2 May 1982) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder.	Fatih Egedik	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Patrik Augusta (born November 13, 1969 in Jihlava, Czechoslovakia) is a retired ice hockey winger.	Patrik Augusta	winger
position played on team / speciality	Karel Piták (born 28 January 1980) is a Czech football (soccer) midfielder.	Karel Piták	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Wong Wai (Chinese: 黃威; Jyutping: wong4 wai1; born 27 August 1992 in Hong Kong), is a Hong Kong footballer who plays for Hong Kong First Division League club Hong Kong Pegasus FC as a midfielder.	Wong Wai	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Olivier Renard (born 24 May 1979) is a retired Belgian football goalkeeper and is currently working as sporting director at Mechelen.	Olivier Renard	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Billie Gillespie (2 October 1873 -- 1942) was a Scottish football player who was a centre forward who 'hung around in the penalty circle and picked up lots of goals'.	Billie Gillespie	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ben Seddon (born 5 February 1952) is a footballer who played as a central defender in the Football League for Tranmere Rovers.	Ben Seddon	defender
position played on team / speciality	Fábio Luciano (born on April 29, 1975 in Vinhedo, Brazil) is a former Brazilian football defender.	Fábio Luciano	defender
position played on team / speciality	Juan José Rojo Martín (born 23 March 1968), known as Pacheta, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder, and the current manager of Thai club Ratchaburi Mitr Phol.	Pacheta	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Guy Roger Nzamba (born 13 July 1970) is a former Gabonese footballer, who played as a forward.	Guy Roger Nzamba	forward
position played on team / speciality	Iván Rocha Lima (born 14 January 1969), known as Rocha, is a Brazilian retired professional footballer who played as a central defender.	Iván Rocha	defender
position played on team / speciality	Pablo Aurrecochea started his professional football career with Uruguayan football club Nacional, however it wasn't until he moved to Argentina, first with Argentinos Juniors and then Talleres de Remedios de Escalada before he started to establish himself as a first-choice goalkeeper.	Pablo Aurrecochea	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Juan Zacarías Ramírez Candia (born 25 May 1965 in Encarnación, Paraguay) is a former football defender and coach.	Juan Zacarías Ramírez	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mark Reddish (born 3 March 1985) is a rugby union footballer who plays as a lock for Wellington Lions in the ITM Cup and the Highlanders in Super Rugby.	Mark Reddish	lock
position played on team / speciality	Timo Ochs (born 17 October 1981 in Göttingen, Lower Saxony) is a German football goalkeeper who is currently a free agent.	Timo Ochs	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Nama Fofana (born 12 July 1990) is a French professional footballer who currently plays for Châteauroux as a defender.	Nama Fofana	defender
position played on team / speciality	Svetlana Petko is a former international Russian football goalkeeper.	Svetlana Petko	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	João Vitor Lima Gomes, or simply João Vitor (born 1 June 1988 in Maceió), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Figueirense.	João Vitor Lima Gomes	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alban Dragusha (born 11 December 1981) is a Kosovar Albanian football defender who is a free agent.	Alban Dragusha	defender
position played on team / speciality	Bob Robson (June 11, 1957 -- April 28, 1988) was a retired American soccer goalkeeper who played professionally in the North American Soccer League and Major Indoor Soccer League.	Bob Robson	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Marie Knutsen (born 31 August 1982) is a Norwegian former football midfielder who played for Røa of Norway's Toppserien league and represented the Norwegian national team.	Marie Knutsen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Otis Hill (born 31 March 1974), the second child of 4, is a basketball player playing as a power forward.	Otis Hill	power forward
position played on team / speciality	Patrick Ottmann (born April 21, 1956 in Bischwiller, Bas-Rhin) is a France footballer goalkeeper.	Patrick Ottmann	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	James Dargan (28 August 1906 -- May 1985) was an English footballer who played as an inside forward.	James Dargan	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Jake Sheridan (born 8 July 1986) is an English semi-professional footballer who plays for Alfreton Town F.C. as a midfielder.	Jake Sheridan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Olivier Werner (born 16 April 1985) is a Belgian football goalkeeper originally from Stoumont, who currently plays for Sochaux in the Ligue 2.	Olivier Werner	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Samson Godwin (born November 11, 1983) is a Nigerian football midfielder who is currently retired.	Samson Godwin	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Eugene Jantjies (born 8 October 1986 in Gobabis, South-West Africa) is a Namibian rugby union scrum-half.	Eugene Jantjies	scrum-half
position played on team / speciality	Lam Ka Wai currently plays as a midfielder for Kitchee in Hong Kong Premier League.	Lam Ka Wai	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Luiz Felipe Rodrigues Marques, known as Luiz Felipe (born 16 February 1985), is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Clube de Regatas Brasil as a right defender.	Luiz Felipe Rodrigues Marques	defender
position played on team / speciality	Pokklaw Anan (Thai: ปกเกล้า อนันต์, pronounced (pòk.klâːw ʔà.nān)) (born 4 March 1991), simply known as Pok (Thai: ปก), is a Thai footballer who plays for Thai Premier League club Chonburi as a midfielder.	Pokklaw Anan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mladen Kukrika born 11 January 1991 in Trebinje) is a Bosnian football goalkeeper who plays for Scarborough SC in the Canadian Soccer League.	Mladen Kukrika	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Héctor Noesí (/ˈɛktɔr noʊˈɛsi/; born January 26, 1987) is a Dominican professional baseball pitcher for the Kia Tigers of the Korean Baseball Organization (KBO).	Héctor Noesí	pitcher
position played on team / speciality	Miljan Mutavdžić (Serbian Cyrillic: Миљан Мутавџић; born 3 February 1986) is a Serbian professional footballer who last played for Borac Čačak, as a central or defensive midfielder.	Miljan Mutavdžić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Oļegs Karavajevs (born 13 February 1961) is a former Latvian international football goalkeeper.	Oļegs Karavajevs	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Luis Miguel Ramis Monfort (born 25 July 1970) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mainly as a central defender, and the current manager of Real Madrid Castilla.	Luis Miguel Ramis	defender
position played on team / speciality	Aiden Maher is a footballer who played as a winger in the Football League for Everton, Plymouth Argyle and Tranmere Rovers.	Aiden Maher	winger
position played on team / speciality	Tom Colley (born August 21, 1953 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian ice hockey centre.	Tom Colley	centre
position played on team / speciality	Jozef Adamec (born 26 February 1942) is a former Slovak football forward and manager, one of the most famous Slovak football players of all time.	Jozef Adamec	forward
position played on team / speciality	Lee Wai Man (Chinese: 李偉文; Jyutping: lei5 wai5 man4, born 18 August 1973 in Hong Kong), is a Hong Kong professional football player who mainly plays as a defender.	Lee Wai Man	defender
position played on team / speciality	Arsenio Benítez Zarza (born 14 December 1971 in Luque, Central) is a retired football forward from Paraguay.	Arsenio Benítez	forward
position played on team / speciality	Lewis Brook (27 July 1918 -- 1996) was a professional footballer who played as a defender for Halifax Town, Huddersfield Town & Oldham Athletic.	Lewis Brook	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sasha Andrews (born February 14, 1983 in Edmonton, Alberta) is a Canadian soccer defender who plays for Icelandic club UMF Afturelding in the Úrvalsdeild.	Sasha Andrews	defender
position played on team / speciality	Juan Cortiñas Méndez, known as Juanín (born 24 October 1925) is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.	Juan Cortiñas Méndez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alexandru Avramescu is a Romanian football player who currently plays as a midfielder for Național Sebiș.	Alexandru Avramescu	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jim Gabarra (born September 22, 1959) is a retired American soccer forward who coached the Washington Freedom women's soccer team for ten years.	Jim Gabarra	forward
position played on team / speciality	Hannes Þór Halldórsson (born 27 April 1984) is an Icelandic international footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for NEC Nijmegen in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Hannes Þór Halldórsson	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	José Luis Tancredi Malatez (born 14 February 1983) is a Uruguayan footballer that currently plays for Chilean club Magallanes in the Primera B. He plays as a midfielder.	José Luis Tancredi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jimmy Glenn (born August 9, 1972) is a retired American soccer forward who played two seasons in Major League Soccer as well as in the National Professional Soccer League, USISL and USL A-League.	Jimmy Glenn	forward
position played on team / speciality	André Venceslau Valentim Macanga, better known as André Macanga (born 14 May 1978 in Luanda, Angola), is a former Angolan football midfielder and a current coach.	André Macanga	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lukáš Krajíček (Czech pronunciation: (ˈlukaːʃ ˈkrajiːtʃɛk), born March 11, 1983) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman who plays for HC Dinamo Minsk of the KHL.	Lukáš Krajíček	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Velibor Pudar (born November 22, 1964) is a Bosnian football manager and former goalkeeper.	Velibor Pudar	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Toomas Tohver (born 24 April 1973) is a former Estonian international football goalkeeper, with 24 caps to his name.	Toomas Tohver	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dušan Belić (Serbian Cyrillic: Душан Белић; born March 29, 1971) is a retired Serbian football goalkeeper and former Serbian White Eagles FC manager.	Dušan Belić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dario Jertec (born 5 September 1985 in Varaždin) is a Croatian football midfielder playing for Fujairah in the UAE Division 1 Group A since July 2013.	Dario Jertec	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Armin Veh (born 1 February 1961) is a German former football midfielder and current manager of Eintracht Frankfurt.	Armin Veh	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ebrahim Shehab (Arabic: إبراهيم شهاب‎, born 20 January 1986) is a Kuwaiti footballer who is a midfielder for the Kuwaiti Premier League club Al Kuwait.	Ebrahim Shehab	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Emre Can Coşkun (born 7 June 1994) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a centre back for TFF First League club Giresunspor, on loan from Süper Lig club Galatasaray.	Emre Can Coşkun	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Fabry Destin Makita-Passy (born October 23, 1984) is a football (soccer) defender from the Republic of the Congo for AC Léopards.	Destin Makita	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marco Förster (born 23 April 1976) is a football defender, who plays for SV Trebendorf.	Marco Förster	defender
position played on team / speciality	Joaquín Alonso Hernández García (born March 1, 1994) is an American soccer who currently plays as a attacking midfielder for Juárez on loan from Monterrey.	Alonso Hernández	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Javier Moisés Hernández Posada (born April 23, 1985 in Usulután, El Salvador) is a Salvadoran football midfielder who currently plays for C.D. Aguila in the Salvadoran Premier League.	Javier Moisés Hernández	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Paulo Afonso Santos Júnior (born 6 May 1982), known as Paulão, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a central defender.	Paulo Afonso Santos Júnior	defender
position played on team / speciality	Such was the widespread admiration of the Uruguayan inside forward that in those times the saying ``La gente ya no come para ver a Walter Gómez'' became a popular theme in Buenos Aires.	Walter Gómez	forward
position played on team / speciality	Michelangelo Rampulla (born August 10, 1962 in Patti, Sicily) is a manager and former Italian football goalkeeper.	Michelangelo Rampulla	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Kieron Durkan (born 1 December 1973) is a former footballer who played as a midfielder.	Kieron Durkan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	César Fernando Silva dos Santos (born 29 November 1989), commonly known as Cesinha, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for América Mineiro, on loan from Bragantino, as a forward.	César Fernando Silva dos Santos	forward
position played on team / speciality	Gerhard Hanappi (16 February 1929 -- 23 August 1980) was an Austrian football midfielder as commonly regarded as one of the greatest Austrian footballers.	Gerhard Hanappi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Wilson Constantino Novo Estrela (born 13 March 1969), known simply as Wilson, is an Angolan retired footballer who played as a central defender.	Wilson Constantino Novo Estrela	defender
position played on team / speciality	Rich Ryerson is a former U.S. soccer midfielder who spent three seasons in the American Professional Soccer League, one in the National Professional Soccer League, one in the Eastern Indoor Soccer League and four in the Continental Indoor Soccer League.	Rich Ryerson	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Stephen Sims (11 December 1895 -- February 1973) was an English professional footballer who played as a central defender.	Stephen Sims	defender
position played on team / speciality	Miloš Zukanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Милош Зукановић; born 8 February 1996) is a Serbian football forward who previously played for NAC Breda.	Miloš Zukanović	forward
position played on team / speciality	Erwin Albert is a retired German footballer who played as a forward.	Erwin Albert	forward
position played on team / speciality	Roberto Giacomi (born 1 August 1986) is a Canadian former professional soccer player who played as a goalkeeper.	Roberto Giacomi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Bikramjit Singh (born 15 October 1992 in Punjab) is an Indian Footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder.	Bikramjit Singh	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Elson Seale was a Barbados-American soccer forward who played in the North American Soccer League, American Soccer League and Major Indoor Soccer League.	Elson Seale	forward
position played on team / speciality	Alexander Troup, known as Alex Troup and Alec Troup (4 May 1895 -- 1951) was a Scottish footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a winger.	Alex Troup	winger
position played on team / speciality	Tom McGairy (born 25 November 1927) is a Scottish former professional footballer, who played as an inside forward for Dunfermline Athletic, Hamilton Academical, Dumbarton, Walsall and Dundee United.	Tom McGairy	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Kostakis Artymatas (born 15 April 1993) is a Cypriot international footballer who plays for APOEL in the Cypriot First Division, as a defensive midfielder.	Kostakis Artymatas	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marcus Antonsson (born 8 May 1991) is a Swedish association footballer who plays for Kalmar FF as a forward.	Marcus Antonsson	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jonathan Blanes Núñez (born March 10, 1987 in Paysandú) is a Uruguayan footballer currently playing as a midfielder for Juventud in the Uruguayan Primera División.	Jonathan Blanes	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jenny Bindon, born Jenny Lynn Bourn on 25 February 1973 in Belleville, Illinois, United States, is an association football goalkeeper who represented New Zealand at international level.	Jenny Bindon	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Johan Lædre Bjørdal (born 5 May 1986) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a centre back for the Norwegian footballclub Rosenborg BK.	Johan Lædre Bjørdal	centre back
position played on team / speciality	David Howland (born 17 September 1986) is a Northern Irish professional football midfielder who plays for Glentoran in the NIFL Premiership.	David Howland	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Robbie Kydd (born 19 January 1982) is a rugby union footballer who plays at centre for Rugby Calvisano.	Robbie Kydd	centre
position played on team / speciality	Dan LaCosta (born March 28, 1986 in Labrador City, Newfoundland and Labrador) is a retired Canadian ice hockey goaltender who last played with the Cardiff Devils of the EIHL.	Dan LaCosta	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Luis Santamaría Crisanto Figueroa (born 22 November 1975 in Iriona, Colón, Honduras) is a Honduran footballer who plays for Liga Nacional de Honduras club Atlético Choloma as a defender.	Luis Santamaría	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jeon Ga-eul (Hangul: 전가을, born 14 September 1988) is a South Korean women's football forward, who is under contract to play for Western New York Flash of National Women's Soccer League and an active player of South Korea women's national football team.	Jeon Ga-eul	forward
position played on team / speciality	Nguyễn van Bakel (born Danny van Bakel on 8 December 1983) is a Netherlands-born Vietnamese footballer who plays for Thanh Hóa in Vietnam as a defender.	Nguyễn van Bakel	defender
position played on team / speciality	Adrian Dabasse (born 27 July 1993) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as a forward for Ligue 2 side Chamois Niortais.	Adrian Dabasse	forward
position played on team / speciality	Pavel Pergl (born 14 November 1977 in Czechoslovakia (present day Czech Republic) is a football central defender who currently plays for Liechtenstein side Vaduz, in the Swiss Super League.	Pavel Pergl	defender
position played on team / speciality	Aslam Abdul Raheem (born 24 June 1971) is a retired Maldivian footballer who played as a goalkeeper, and a current goalkeeper trainer at Club Valencia.	Aslam Abdul Raheem	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Thomas Gentner (born 4 October 1988) is a retired professional footballer who played as a left-sided defender and midfielder.	Thomas Gentner	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Markus Schopp (born 22 February 1974 in Graz) is a retired Austrian football midfielder and current coach.	Markus Schopp	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Thiago Maia Alencar (born 13 March 1997), known as Thiago Maia, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Santos, as a central midfielder.	Thiago Maia	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Andreas Möller (born 2 September 1967 in Frankfurt, West Germany) is a retired German international footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.	Andreas Möller	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Zakaria Alaoui El-Achraf (Arabic: زكرية علوي‎) (born 17 June 1966 in Marrakesh) is a retired Moroccan football goalkeeper.	Zakaria Alaoui	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ralf Oehri (born 26 October 1976) is a Liechtensteiner former association footballer who played as a midfielder.	Ralf Oehri	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lauro Toneatto played as a defender.	Lauro Toneatto	defender
position played on team / speciality	Shane Christie (born 23 September 1985) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who plays as a flanker for Tasman Makos in the ITM Cup and Highlanders in Super Rugby.	Shane Christie	flanker
position played on team / speciality	Ciriaco Sforza (Italian pronunciation: (tʃiˈriako ˈsfɔrtsa); born 2 March 1970) is a Swiss former professional football player and current manager, who played as a midfielder.	Ciriaco Sforza	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Hoy Phallin (Khmer: ហ៊ុយ ផល្លីន born 30 March 1996) is a Cambodian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Svay Rieng.	Hoy Phallin	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Uwe Gospodarek (born 6 August 1973 in Straubing, West Germany) is a German football coach and former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Uwe Gospodarek	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	George Gorleku is a retired soccer defender from Ghana.	George Gorleku	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jack Taggart, Jr. (born February 3, 1950) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman.	Jack Taggart	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Andrej Prskalo (born 1 May 1987) is a Croatian football goalkeeper, who currently plays for Rijeka in Croatia's Prva HNL.	Andrej Prskalo	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Josué Danny Ortiz Maldonado (July 26, 1976 -- February 29, 2004) was a Guatemalan football goalkeeper who played for the Guatemalan national team and CSD Municipal.	Danny Ortiz	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Joël Corminbœuf (born 16 March 1964) is a former football (soccer) player who played as a goalkeeper.	Joël Corminbœuf	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Michał Gliwa (born 8 April 1988 in Rzeszów) is a Polish footballer who last played as a goalkeeper for Pandurii Târgu Jiu in the Romanian Liga I.	Michał Gliwa	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jordan Lotiès (born 5 August 1984) is a French professional footballer player who plays for Dijon FCO as a central defender.	Jordan Lotiès	defender
position played on team / speciality	Everton Santos Bezerra (born 15 June 1984), is a Brazilian professional footballer playing for Ethnikos Achna in Cypriot First Division as a defender.	Everton Santos Bezerra	defender
position played on team / speciality	Arturo Silvestri (14 June 1921 -- 14 October 2002) was an Italian professional footballer and football manager, who played as a defender.	Arturo Silvestri	defender
position played on team / speciality	Juan Zambudio Velasco, (born 21 November 1921 in La Alquería, Murcia - died 21 January 2004 in Igualada, Barcelona) was a Spanish football goalkeeper.	Juan Zambudio Velasco	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Chan Yuk Chi (Chinese: 陳旭智; Jyutping: can4 juk1 zi3, born 8 September 1984) is a Hong Kong professional football who plays as an defender for and captains Tai Po in Hong Kong First Division League.	Chan Yuk Chi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marcelo Gonçalves Costa Lopes, usually known simply as Gonçalves (born February 22, 1966 in Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro state) is a Brazilian football central defender who started his career at Flamengo in 1987.	Marcelo Gonçalves Costa Lopes	defender
position played on team / speciality	Aleksandr Yuryevich Yerokhin (Russian: Александр Юрьевич Ерохин, born 13 October 1989 in Barnaul, Siberia, Russian SFSR) is a Russian footballer who plays for FC Rostov as a midfielder.	Aleksandr Yuryevich Yerokhin	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Joas Magolego (13 October 1971 -- 4 July 2014), popularly known as Hluphi, was a South African football defender who played for Mamelodi Sundowns from 1990 until 2002, and won two caps with the national team in 1993.	Joas Magolego	defender
position played on team / speciality	Filipe Gomes Ribeiro (born 25 May 1987 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Albanian club Partizani.	Filipe Gomes	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Eddy Viator (born 2 June 1982) is a footballer who plays for Singaporean club Tampines Rovers FC as a defender.	Eddy Viator	defender
position played on team / speciality	Luis Fernando Espindola (born June 28, 1975 Uruguay) is a former Uruguayan football defender currently the head of sports at Alianza F.C..	Luis Fernando Espindola	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jon Ander López Maquiera (6 September 1976 -- 6 January 2013), known as Jon Ander in his playing days, was a Spanish footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Jon Ander López	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Patrick Joseph O'Beirne (15 June 1900 -- 1980) was an Irish professional footballer who played as an inside forward.	Joseph O'Beirne	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Marko Dmitrović (born 24 January 1992) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for Spanish club AD Alcorcón on loan from Charlton Athletic, as a goalkeeper.	Marko Dmitrović	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Guðgeir Leifsson (born 25 September 1951) is an Icelandic former footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a midfielder and inside forward.	Guðgeir Leifsson	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Paulius Grybauskas (born 2 June 1984 in Vilnius, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian football goalkeeper, currently playing for Sūduva in the Lithuanian A Lyga.	Paulius Grybauskas	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Sait Idrizi (born 26 April 1990) is a Slovenian football midfielder who currently plays for	Sait Idrizi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jonás Ramalho Chimeno (born 10 June 1993) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Bilbao Athletic mainly as a central defender.	Jonás Ramalho	defender
position played on team / speciality	Spas Bayraktarov (born 7 May 1988) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing for German side SV Thüle as a midfielder.	Spas Bayraktarov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Yousif Saeed (born 4 September 1994) is an Emirati footballer who currently plays as a forward for Al-Sharjah SCC.	Yousif Saeed	forward
position played on team / speciality	Aleksandr Khvostunov (born 9 January 1974) is an Uzbekistani football defender currently playing for NBU Osiyo.	Aleksandr Khvostunov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Rodney Sneijder (born 31 March 1991) is a Dutch association football midfielder who most recently played for Scottish club Dundee United.	Rodney Sneijder	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gareth Llewellyn (born 27 February 1969 in the former St. David's Hospital, Cardiff), is a Welsh international rugby union player who gained a record 92 caps for Wales as a lock.	Gareth Llewellyn	lock
position played on team / speciality	James Loveridge (born 16 May 1994) is a Welsh footballer who plays as a forward for Welsh Premier League club Port Talbot Town.	James Loveridge	forward
position played on team / speciality	Abdullah Omar Ismail (Arabic: عبد الله عمر; born 1 January 1987) is a Chadian-born Bahraini professional footballer currently playing for Muharraq as a midfielder.	Abdullah Omar	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Cho Young-jeung (born August 18, 1954) is a South Korean former footballer who plays as a defender.	Cho Young-jeung	defender
present in work	Esther Drummond is a fictional character in the science fiction series Torchwood, portrayed by American actress Alexa Havins.	Esther Drummond	Torchwood
present in work	April Kepner M.D., is a fictional character from the television medical drama Grey's Anatomy which airs on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) in the United States.	April Kepner	Grey's Anatomy
present in work	Damon Miller is a fictional character on the ABC daytime drama All My Children.	Damon Miller	All My Children
present in work	Lionel Skeggins is a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street who was portrayed by John Leigh.	Lionel Skeggins	Shortland Street
present in work	Grandmother Jia (Chinese: 賈母; Pinyin: Jiǎ Mǔ), née Shi, so often also called Dowager Shi (Chinese: 史太君; Pinyin: Shǐ Tàijūn) or simply the Dowager, is a major character in the Chinese novel Dream of the Red Chamber.	Grandmother Jia	Dream of the Red Chamber
present in work	Immanuel (Hebrew עִמָּנוּאֵל meaning, ``God with us''; also romanized Emmanuel, Imanu'el) is a Hebrew name which appears in chapters 7 and 8 of the Book of Isaiah as part of a prophecy of God's protection from rival kings during the life of Jeshurun.	Immanuel	Isaiah
present in work	Morag Bellingham (née Stewart; previously Buckton) QC is a fictional character from the Australian Channel Seven soap opera Home and Away, played by Cornelia Frances.	Morag Bellingham	Home and Away
present in work	Samuel (/ˈsæm.juː.əl/; Hebrew: שְׁמוּאֵל, Modern Shmu'el, Tiberian Šəmûʼēl; Arabic: صموئيل Ṣamuil; Greek: Σαμουήλ Samouēl; Latin: Samvel; Strong's: Shemuwel), literally meaning ``Name of God'' in Hebrew, is a leader of ancient Israel in the Books of Samuel in the Hebrew Bible.	Samuel	Bible
present in work	According to the Bible, the sack of Damascus was instigated by King Ahaz of Judah and ended in Rezin's execution (2 Kings 16:7-9).	Rezin	Bible
present in work	Hunter McKay is a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street who was portrayed by Lee Donoghue from December 2006, as part of a new family unit consisting of parents Callum McKay (Peter Mochrie) and Justine Jones (Laurie Foell), and younger sister Sophie McKay (Kimberley Crossman).	Hunter McKay	Shortland Street
present in work	John Hoynes is a fictional character played by Tim Matheson on the American television series The West Wing.	John Hoynes	The West Wing
present in work	The Peggotty family are fictional characters in Charles Dickens's 1850 novel David Copperfield.	Peggotty	David Copperfield
present in work	He appears in The Silmarillion as the leader of the First House of the Edain in the First Age, which was called the Folk of Bëor after him.	Bëor	The Silmarillion
present in work	Tara Mandal, is a fictional character on the British soap opera Coronation Street portrayed by Ayesha Dharker.	Tara Mandal	Coronation Street
present in work	Thomas Mann's novella The Tables of the Law is a retelling of the story of the exodus from Egypt, with Moses as its main character.	Moses	The Tables of the Law
present in work	Chloe O'Brian is a fictional character played by actress Mary Lynn Rajskub on the US television series 24.	Chloe O'Brian	24
present in work	Mary Elizabeth Bartowski (née Gunter) is a character on the television series Chuck.	Mary Elizabeth Bartowski	Chuck
present in work	Celestine and Etta Tavernier are fictional characters from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Leroy Golding and Jacqui Gordon-Lawrence respectively.	Celestine and Etta Tavernier	EastEnders
present in work	Lady Fujitsubo (藤壺) is a fictional character in Murasaki Shikibu's The Tale of Genji (Genji Monogatari).	Lady Fujitsubo	The Tale of Genji
present in work	Marach is a fictional character in J. R. R. Tolkien's Middle-earth legendarium, appearing in The Silmarillion and The Peoples of Middle-earth.	Marach	The Silmarillion	The Peoples of Middle-earth
present in work	Kimball Cho is a fictional character portrayed by Tim Kang on the American TV crime drama The Mentalist.	Kimball Cho	The Mentalist
present in work	Albert Tatlock was a fictional character on the British television soap opera Coronation Street.	Albert Tatlock	Coronation Street
present in work	The following Kurt Wallander novels have been translated into English.	Kurt Wallander	Wallander novels
present in work	Tanya Sloan, originally named Kenya Sloan, is a fictional character and hero in the Power Rangers universe, appearing in the television series Mighty Morphin Alien Rangers, Power Rangers Zeo and Power Rangers Turbo.	Tanya Sloan	Power Rangers
present in work	Namond Brice (/ˈneɪmənd/ NAY-mənd) is a fictional character on the HBO drama The Wire, played by Julito McCullum.	Namond Brice	The Wire
present in work	Lydia Hart is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks, a long-running serial drama about life in a fictional suburb of Chester.	Lydia Hart	Hollyoaks
present in work	Oliver Sabel is a popular fictional character in the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe (Forbidden Love : in English).	Oliver Sabel	Verbotene Liebe
present in work	Rerun van Pelt is Linus' and Lucy's younger brother in Charles M. Schulz's comic strip Peanuts.	Rerun van Pelt	Peanuts
publisher	Dave Mirra BMX Challenge is a video game by Crave Entertainment for the Nintendo Wii and the PlayStation Portable The game is a part of the Dave Mirra franchise of video games that features stunt BMX gameplay.	Dave Mirra BMX Challenge	Crave Entertainment
publisher	Parasites & Vectors is a peer-reviewed open-access medical journal published by BioMed Central.	Parasites & Vectors	BioMed Central
publisher	Current Medicinal Chemistry is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Bentham Science Publishers.	Current Medicinal Chemistry	Bentham Science Publishers
publisher	Skullgirls is a 2D fighting game independently developed by Reverge Labs and co-published by Autumn Games and Konami.	Skullgirls	Autumn Games
publisher	Behavioral and Brain Functions is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by BioMed Central with Open Access to all content.	Behavioral and Brain Functions	BioMed Central
publisher	``Sticky Wicket at Blandings'' is a short story by P. G. Wodehouse, which first appeared, under the title ``First Aid for Freddie'', in the United States in the October 1966 issue of Playboy magazine, and in the United Kingdom in the April 1967 issue of Argosy.	Sticky Wicket at Blandings	Playboy
publisher	The Journal of Medicine was a medical journal that was published by Karger Publishers from 1970 to 2004.	Journal of Medicine	Karger Publishers
publisher	The Fordham Law Review is a student-run law journal associated with the Fordham University School of Law that covers a wide range of legal scholarship.	Fordham Law Review	Fordham University School of Law
publisher	Studies in Higher Education is a peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of higher education, published by Routledge on behalf of the Society for Research into Higher Education.	Studies in Higher Education	Routledge
publisher	The Economic Journal (EJ) is a peer-reviewed academic journal of economics published on behalf of the Royal Economic Society (RES) by Wiley-Blackwell.	The Economic Journal	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	The Night She Disappeared is a young-adult crime / mystery novel by American author April Henry, released on March 13, 2012 through Henry Holt and Company.	The Night She Disappeared	Henry Holt and Company
publisher	Support for Learning is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of Nasen.	Support for Learning	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	Ponniyin Selvan (Tamil: பொன்னியின் செல்வன், English: The Son of Ponni) is a 2400-page 20th-century Tamil historical novel written by Kalki Krishnamurthy.	Ponniyin Selvan	Kalki
publisher	Pac-Man Pinball Advance is a pinball video game developed by Human Soft and published by Namco for the Game Boy Advance.	Pac-Man Pinball Advance	Namco
publisher	The First Amendment Law Review is a law journal published by students at the University of North Carolina School of Law.	First Amendment Law Review	University of North Carolina School of Law
publisher	Pirates of Black Cove is a pirate-themed real-time strategy game published by Paradox Interactive on August 2, 2011.	Pirates of Black Cove	Paradox Interactive
publisher	The Warrior's Apprentice was first published by Baen Books in 1986, and was included in the 1997 omnibus Young Miles.	The Warrior's Apprentice	Baen Books
publisher	Aztarac is a scrolling shooter arcade game using vector graphics that was released by Centuri in 1983.	Aztarac	Centuri
publisher	Notre Dame Philosophical Reviews (NDPR) (ISSN 1538-1617) is an online-only peer-reviewed publication of the University of Notre Dame that contains book reviews of books in topics related to philosophy.	Notre Dame Philosophical Reviews	University of Notre Dame
publisher	Poe submitted ``MS. Found in a Bottle'' as one of many entries to a writing contest offered by the weekly Baltimore Saturday Visiter.	MS. Found in a Bottle	Baltimore Saturday Visiter
publisher	Gradius V is a Japanese-developed shoot 'em up video game published by Konami for the Sony PlayStation 2 video game console in 2004.	Gradius V	Konami
publisher	The New Tetris is a puzzle video game for the Nintendo 64.	The New Tetris	Nintendo
publisher	Beukes began writing Zoo City after signing a two-book deal with the British publisher Angry Robot for her first novel, Moxyland, and a subsequent book.	Zoo City	Angry Robot
publisher	Journey to Ixtlan is the third book by Carlos Castaneda, published as a work of non-fiction by Simon & Schuster in 1972.	Journey to Ixtlan	Simon & Schuster
publisher	New Testament Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Cambridge University Press under the auspices of the Studiorum Novi Testamenti Societas.	New Testament Studies	Cambridge University Press
publisher	The Greeks Have a Word For It is the second novel by Booker Prize-winning author Barry Unsworth published by Hutchinson in 1967.	The Greeks Have a Word For It	Hutchinson
publisher	On 4 June 2008 Sony Computer Entertainment announced that Eight Days, along with The Getaway, had been cancelled.	Eight Days	Sony Computer Entertainment
publisher	Studies in Family Planning is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Population Council.	Studies in Family Planning	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	Bloody Fun Day is a puzzle Flash game developed by Urban Squall and published by Kongregate on March 12, 2009.	Bloody Fun Day	Kongregate
publisher	Cycle of Violence, also known as Crossmaheart, is the first stand-alone novel by Northern Irish author, Colin Bateman, released on 13 November 1995 through HarperCollins.	Cycle of Violence	HarperCollins
publisher	Death Bringer, known in Europe as Galdregon's Domain, is a role-playing video game published for the Amiga by Cinemaware.	Death Bringer	Cinemaware
publisher	The Damned Utd was published by Faber and Faber in August 2006 to great critical acclaim and sold steadily - by the end of the year it had also become a word of mouth hit.	The Damned Utd	Faber and Faber
publisher	Among Others is a 2011 fantasy novel by Jo Walton, published originally by Tor Books.	Among Others	Tor Books
publisher	Peer English is an academic journal established in 2006 and published annually by the Department of English at the University of Leicester and the English Association.	Peer English	University of Leicester
publisher	Ace Books originally published A Talent for War as a mass market paperback in February 1989.	A Talent for War	Ace Books
publisher	Fragoria is a browser based, free to play massively multiplayer online role play game of a Russian indie developer Rusoftware and its Europe based successor Datcroft Games.	Fragoria	Datcroft Games
publisher	Hes Games is a 1984 sports game released for the Commodore 64 by HESware.	Hes Games	HESware
publisher	Philosophical Perspectives became a supplement to Noûs in 1996 and is currently published by Wiley-Blackwell.	Philosophical Perspectives	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	Journal of Research in Reading is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the UKLA.	Journal of Research in Reading	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	WWE WrestleMania XIX is a professional wrestling video game released exclusively for the Nintendo GameCube by THQ in 2003.	WWE WrestleMania XIX	THQ
publisher	Journal of Drug Targeting is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Informa that covers research on all aspects of drug delivery and drug targeting for molecular and macromolecular drugs.	Journal of Drug Targeting	Informa
publisher	The Journal of Clinical Investigation (JCI) is a peer-reviewed biomedical research journal published by the American Society for Clinical Investigation (ASCI).	Journal of Clinical Investigation	American Society for Clinical Investigation
publisher	Cabela's Dangerous Hunts is a 2003 video game published by Activision in conjunction with Cabela's for the PlayStation 2, Xbox, and Microsoft Windows video game platforms.	Cabela's Dangerous Hunts	Activision
publisher	The Complete Sha'ir's Handbook was written by Sam Witt and published by TSR as a 128-page softcover.	The Complete Sha'ir's Handbook	TSR
publisher	A Taste of Blackberries (HarperCollins, 1973) is an award-winning children's book by Doris Buchanan Smith (June 1, 1934 - August 8, 2002).	A Taste of Blackberries	HarperCollins
publisher	Star Dancer is the first novel in the Star Dancer Tetralogy, written by the British author Beth Webb and published in 2006 by Macmillan Publishers.	Star Dancer	Macmillan Publishers
publisher	The Journal of Neurodevelopmental Disorders is a peer-reviewed open access medical journal established in March 2009 and published by BioMed Central.	Journal of Neurodevelopmental Disorders	BioMed Central
publisher	Date Warp is a science fiction visual novel videoo game developed by Spiky Caterpillar and Hanako Games, and punlished by Hanako Games for Windows, Mac OS and Linux in 2010.	Date Warp	Hanako Games
publisher	GAZ13 The Shadow Elves was written by Carl Sargent and Gary Thomas, with a cover by Clyde Caldwell, and was published by TSR in 1990 as a 64-page booklet and a 32-page booklet, with a large color map and an outer folder.	The Shadow Elves	TSR
publisher	Ikari Warriors is a vertically scrolling, run & gun shoot 'em up arcade game developed by SNK, published in North America and Europe by Tradewest, and released in 1986.	Ikari Warriors	Tradewest
publisher	More Work for the Undertaker is a crime novel by Margery Allingham, first published in 1948, in the United Kingdom by William Heinemann, London and in the United States by Doubleday, New York.	More Work for the Undertaker	William Heinemann
publisher	The Journal of African Law is published biannually by Cambridge University Press on behalf of the School of Oriental and African Studies (University of London, United Kingdom).	Journal of African Law	Cambridge University Press
publisher	The Wolf Gift is the thirty-first novel by Gothic writer Anne Rice, published in February 2012 by Random House.	The Wolf Gift	Random House
publisher	The Times Atlas of World History is a historical atlas first published by Times Books Limited, then a subsidiary of Times Newspapers Ltd and later a branch of Collins Bartholomew, which is a subsidiary of HarperCollins, and which in the latest editions has changed names to become The Times Complete History of the World.	The Times Atlas of World History	Collins Bartholomew
publisher	Bubble Dizzy is an arcade style action video game developed by the Oliver twins and published in November 1990 by Codemasters for the Amstrad, Spectrum, DOS, Atari ST, Commodore 64 and Amiga.	Bubble Dizzy	Codemasters
publisher	The Owen Wister Review is the University of Wyoming's annual art and literature magazine produced through the Student Media department, which publishes creative non-fiction, poetry, fiction, and art. The editorial staff is made up entirely of undergraduate and graduate students.	Owen Wister Review	University of Wyoming
publisher	Mammals of Africa is a book series of six volumes from Bloomsbury Publishing.	Mammals of Africa	Bloomsbury Publishing
publisher	The Ace of Knaves is a collection of three mystery novellas by Leslie Charteris, first published in the United Kingdom in 1937 by Hodder and Stoughton, and in the United States by The Crime Club.	The Ace of Knaves	Hodder and Stoughton	The Crime Club
publisher	The Great Giana Sisters is a 1987 platform game developed by Time Warp Productions and published by Rainbow Arts.	The Great Giana Sisters	Rainbow Arts
publisher	Marianne Dreams was first published by Faber and Faber in 1958, and was first printed in paperback by Puffin Books in 1964.	Marianne Dreams	Faber and Faber
publisher	The African Human Rights Law Reports is an annual law journal published by JUTA Law on behalf of the Centre for Human Rights at the University of Pretoria.	African Human Rights Law Reports	Centre for Human Rights
publisher	Ken Griffey Jr.'s Slugfest is a baseball game for the Nintendo 64 and Game Boy Color.	Ken Griffey Jr.'s Slugfest	Nintendo
publisher	The Journal of Symbolic Computation is a peer-reviewed monthly scientific journal covering all aspects of symbolic computation published by Academic Press and then by Elsevier.	Journal of Symbolic Computation	Elsevier
publisher	Sprachgitter is a 1959 German-language poetry collection by Paul Celan, published by S. Fischer Verlag.	Sprachgitter	S. Fischer Verlag
publisher	God's Grace is the final novel (his eighth) written by American author Bernard Malamud, published in 1982 by Farrar, Straus and Giroux.	God's Grace	Farrar, Straus and Giroux
publisher	101-in-1 Explosive Megamix is a video game developed by Nordcurrent and published by Atlus for the Nintendo DS. It was first released in Europe on November 28, 2008 and features 10 hours worth of mini-games.	101-in-1 Explosive Megamix	Atlus
publisher	The Michigan Telecommunications and Technology Law Review (MTTLR) is a scholarly technology law journal at the University of Michigan Law School.	Michigan Telecommunications and Technology Law Review	University of Michigan Law School
publisher	The Innes Review is a biannual academic journal, published by Edinburgh University Press on behalf of the Scottish Catholic Historical Association in May and November of each year.	Innes Review	Edinburgh University Press
publisher	The Description of Britain, also known by its Latin name De Situ Britanniae (``On the Situation of Britain''), was a literary forgery perpetrated by Charles Bertram on the historians of England.	The Description of Britain	Charles Bertram
publisher	Published by Ubisoft Paris - creators of the Just Dance video game franchise - Dance on Broadway is similarly a dance-based music game but with songs taken from stage musicals rather than popular music.	Dance on Broadway	Ubisoft
publisher	The journal is published twice a year by the Penn State University Press on behalf of the Society for Utopian Studies.	Utopian Studies	Penn State University Press
publisher	The Journal of Educational and Behavioral Statistics is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Sage Publications on behalf of the American Educational Research Association and American Statistical Association.	Journal of Educational and Behavioral Statistics	Sage Publications
publisher	Cell Stem Cell is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Cell Press, an imprint of Elsevier.	Cell Stem Cell	Cell Press
publisher	Rethinking India's Past is a collection of essays written over a period of six decades by historian Ram Sharan Sharma, published by Oxford University Press in 2009.	Rethinking India's Past	Oxford University Press
publisher	Major League Baseball 2K8 Fantasy All-Stars is the Nintendo DS spin-off of Major League Baseball 2K8 in the vein of MLB Power Pros, developed by Deep Fried Entertainment and published by 2K Sports.	Major League Baseball 2K8 Fantasy All-Stars	2K Sports
publisher	The Journal of Nuclear Medicine Technology is a quarterly peer-reviewed medical journal published by the Society of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging that focuses entirely on technology crucial to nuclear medicine, including quality assurance, radiation safety, and clinical applications of nuclear medicine.	Journal of Nuclear Medicine Technology	Society of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging
publisher	The Zeitschrift für Angewandte Mathematik und Physik (English: Journal of Applied Mathematics and Physics) is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Birkhäuser Verlag.	Zeitschrift für Angewandte Mathematik und Physik	Birkhäuser
publisher	ECW Hardcore Revolution is a professional wrestling video game released by Acclaim Entertainment, based on the professional wrestling promotion Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW).	ECW Hardcore Revolution	Acclaim Entertainment
publisher	Relative Dementias is a BBC Books original novel written by Mark Michalowski and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.	Relative Dementias	BBC Books
publisher	U2 by U2 is an autobiography written by the members of Irish rock band U2 and first published in London by HarperCollins in 2005.	U2 by U2	HarperCollins
publisher	The Indiana Health Law Review is a biannual student-edited law review at Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law.	Indiana Health Law Review	Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law
record label	Released in 2004, ``The Opposite from Within'' is Caliban's fourth album and it is their first record that was released on Roadrunner Records.	The Opposite from Within	Roadrunner Records
record label	Something Like Strangers is the third studio album by New Zealand Pop rock band Stellar*, released by Sony BMG on August 28, 2006 in New Zealand.	Something Like Strangers	Sony BMG
record label	Little Broken Hearts (stylized as ...Little Broken Hearts) is the fifth studio album by American singer and songwriter Norah Jones, released on April 25, 2012 by Blue Note Records.	Little Broken Hearts	Blue Note Records
record label	``Scissors in the Sand'' is a single by Echo & the Bunnymen which was released on 5 June 2006 on the Cooking Vinyl label.	Scissors in the Sand	Cooking Vinyl
record label	E Pluribus Funk is Grand Funk Railroad's fifth studio album and was released in November 1971 by Capitol Records.	E Pluribus Funk	Capitol Records
record label	Catch the Moon is an album by Lisa Loeb and Elizabeth Mitchell released in 2003 by Artemis Records.	Catch the Moon	Artemis Records
record label	When I Was Cruel is Elvis Costello's 19th album, recorded in 2001 and 2002 and released in the US by Island Records on 23 April 2002.	When I Was Cruel	Island Records
record label	Laughing on the Outside is the fifth studio album by American singer Aretha Franklin, Released on August 12, 1963 by Columbia Records.	Laughing on the Outside	Columbia Records
record label	Catches and Glees is the first album by folk duo Hannah James and Sam Sweeney.	Catches and Glees	Hannah James and Sam Sweeney
record label	Hello My Name Is... is the debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Bridgit Mendler released on October 22, 2012, through Hollywood Records.	Hello My Name Is...	Hollywood Records
record label	Locos por el Sexo is the debut album of noise rock band Tragic Mulatto, released in 1987 by Alternative Tentacles.	Locos por el Sexo	Alternative Tentacles
record label	Hikayeler Anlatıldı is the first album by the Turkish music group Gripin, released in 2004 by GRGDN.	Hikayeler Anlatıldı	GRGDN
record label	Gangsta Funk is the second studio album by the 5th Ward Boyz, released on February 22, 1994 through Rap-a-Lot Records.	Gangsta Funk	Rap-a-Lot Records
record label	Massacre Divine is an album by the band Discharge released in 1991 on Clay Records.	Massacre Divine	Clay Records
record label	Their second Dualtone album release of 2005, after their debut 2003 album Movin' On was re-released earlier in the year by their label Dualtone Records, Weather and Water was released on June 28.	Weather and Water	Dualtone Records
record label	Craps (After Hours) is an album by Richard Pryor, released in 1971 on the Laff Records label.	Craps (After Hours)	Laff Records
record label	Take a Break is the fourth album by Me First and the Gimme Gimmes, released on July 1, 2003, on Fat Wreck Chords independent record label.	Take a Break	Fat Wreck Chords
record label	Double Nickels on the Dime is the third studio album by American punk trio Minutemen, released on the Californian independent record label SST Records in 1984.	Double Nickels on the Dime	SST Records
record label	Peggy Suicide was recorded and released following two lo-fi Cope albums - Skellington and Droolian - which had not gained official distribution and caused friction with Cope's label Island Records.	Peggy Suicide	Island Records
record label	Messin' with the Boys was originally released by Capitol Records in 1980, but Messin' with the Boys was re-released on Renaissance Records in 1997.	Messin' with the Boys	Capitol Records
record label	Don Wilkerson (c. 1932 -- 18 July 1986) was an American soul jazz / R&B tenor saxophonist born in Moreauville, Louisiana, probably better known for his Blue Note Records recordings in the 1960s as bandleader with guitarist Grant Green.	Don Wilkerson	Blue Note Records
record label	Subliminal Sandwich is a 1996 double album released by Meat Beat Manifesto on Interscope Records.	Subliminal Sandwich	Interscope Records
record label	Your Anchor is the ninth Lackthereof album, released on Barsuk Records on July 22, 2008.	Your Anchor	Barsuk Records
record label	The Last Pale Light in the West is the first solo album by Ben Nichols of Lucero with Rick Steff (Lucero, Cat Power) and Todd Beene (Glossary) released on Lucero's label Liberty & Lament and The Rebel Group in 2009.	The Last Pale Light in the West	Liberty & Lament
record label	Blutbahnen is the sixth studio album by the German dark metal band Eisregen, released through Massacre Records in 2007.	Blutbahnen	Massacre Records
record label	Bill Haley's Chicks was the eighth album of rock and roll recordings by Bill Haley & His Comets for Decca Records, Decca 8821.	Bill Haley's Chicks	Decca Records
record label	Summertime Dream is Canadian singer Gordon Lightfoot's twelfth original album, released on the Reprise Records label in 1976.	Summertime Dream	Reprise Records
record label	Ph'lip Side is an album by guitarist Phil Keaggy, released in 1980 on Sparrow Records.	Ph'lip Side	Sparrow Records
record label	Scepter Records a&r man Steve Tyrell recalls ``getting in (a Brill Building) elevator with Burt and Hal and following them down into Times Square, begging them to let me put (''Message to Michael``) out.	Message to Michael	Scepter Records
record label	Stronger Than My Heart is the third album from the Christian rock band onehundredhours, and was their first widely available album on the Survivor Records label.	Stronger Than My Heart	Survivor Records
record label	Hoppkorv was the seventh album by the American blues rock band Hot Tuna, and their last studio album recorded for Grunt Records, as Grunt BFL1-1920.	Hoppkorv	Grunt Records
record label	Beatles VI is the Beatles' seventh Capitol Records release in the United States (including The Beatles' Story).	Beatles VI	Capitol Records
record label	``Check Yourself'' is a 1961 song that was released as a Miracle label single by Motown singing group The Temptations; and written by Motown president Berry Gordy, and group members Otis Williams, Melvin Franklin and Elbridge Bryant, and produced by Gordy.	Check Yourself	Motown
record label	Pull My Chain is the title of the sixth studio album by American country music artist Toby Keith, released in 2001 on DreamWorks Records Nashville.	Pull My Chain	DreamWorks Records
record label	Twelfth Apostle carries a lot of baggage, being as it marked both the start of the ``second acoustic phase'' and the last vinyl LP to be released by Corwood Industries.	Twelfth Apostle	Corwood Industries
record label	All Hail is Kïll Cheerleadër's first full-length album, released in 2004, by Spinerazor/Corporate Punishment Records and later reissued in 2006.	All Hail	Corporate Punishment Records
record label	Highway to Hell was originally released on 27 July 1979 by Albert Productions, who licensed the album to Atlantic Records for release outside of Australia, and was then re-released by Epic Records in 2003 as part of the AC/DC Remasters series.	Highway to Hell	Albert Productions
record label	Love Duets is a full-length English-language debut duet album by the Filipino TV host, actress, and singer Toni Gonzaga (her fifth album over all) and the Filipino-American actor, singer, songwriter and model Sam Milby (his third album), both under the management of Star Records.	Love Duets	Star Records
record label	The Wonders of His Love is a 1984 Gospel album by Philip Bailey which was released on the Myrrh Records label.	The Wonders of His Love	Myrrh Records
record label	``Don't Fail Me Now'' is a song by American recording artist Melanie Amaro, the winner of the first season of The X Factor, set to be included on her debut studio album under the label Epic Records.	Don't Fail Me Now	Epic Records
record label	``Down in tha Dirty'' is the second single by rapper Ludacris for the unreleased Disturbing tha Peace compilation album, ``Strength in Numbers''.	Down in tha Dirty	Disturbing tha Peace
record label	A&M Records released ``Outside of a Small Circle of Friends'' as a single in 1967.	Outside of a Small Circle of Friends	A&M Records
record label	Hot on the Tracks is the fourth studio album by the Commodores, released by Motown Records in 1976.	Hot on the Tracks	Motown
record label	It was released on 21 August 2010 by Avex Taiwan, with a limited edition, A Wonderful Journey (Limited Commemorate Edition) (美好的旅行 限量紀念精裝版) available on preorder.	A Wonderful Journey	Avex Taiwan
record label	4 Gouden Hits is the fifteenth single by Dutch girl group Luv', released in 1989 by Philips Records.	4 Gouden Hits	Philips Records
record label	Last Time I Saw Him is a 1973 album released by American singer Diana Ross on the Motown Records.	Last Time I Saw Him	Motown
record label	When You Hear Lou, You've Heard It All is a 1977 album by American R&B singer Lou Rawls, released on the Philadelphia International Records label.	When You Hear Lou, You've Heard It All	Philadelphia International Records
record label	``Young Parisians'' was the debut single from Adam and the Ants, released by Decca Records on 20 October 1978.	Young Parisians	Decca Records
record label	At the end of the year Rollins recorded an album for Blue Note Records entitled Sonny Rollins, Volume One, with Donald Byrd on trumpet, Wynton Kelly on piano, Gene Ramey on bass, and Roach on drums.	Sonny Rollins	Blue Note Records
record label	From the Heart of a Woman is a blues album by Koko Taylor, released in January 1981 by Alligator Records.	From the Heart of a Woman	Alligator Records
record label	All Our Reasons is a jazz album by drummer Billy Hart, released on ECM Records in 2012 as ECM 2248.	All Our Reasons	ECM Records
record label	To Force a Fate is the second album by indie rock band The Reputation, their first for Lookout! Records.	To Force a Fate	Lookout! Records
record label	``Tættere på himlen'' (translated as Closer to heaven) appeared on he 2010 album Burhan G and was released on the Danish record label Copenhagen Records.	Tættere på himlen	Copenhagen Records
record label	Dure Limite is the fourth studio album by French rock band Téléphone, released in 1982 on Virgin Records.	Dure Limite	Virgin Records
record label	Erick Onasis is the third studio album from American hip hop artist Erick Sermon (under the moniker Erick Onasis), released June 27, 2000 on DreamWorks Records.	Erick Onasis	DreamWorks Records
record label	Raydiation is the third studio album by American recording artist Ray J. It was released by Sanctuary Records in association with the singer's own label, Knockout Entertainment, on September 20, 2005 in the United States.	Raydiation	Knockout Entertainment
record label	American Don is an album by Don Caballero, a Pittsburgh-based math rock band, released on Touch and Go Records in 2000.	American Don	Touch and Go Records
record label	The Gold Experience was released on September 26, 1995, by Warner Bros. Records and NPG Records.	The Gold Experience	Warner Bros. Records	NPG Records
record label	In 2013, American DJ/producer Steve Aoki released a remix of ``Get Ready for This'' on Byte Records as part of a forthcoming 2 Unlimited greatest hits album.	Get Ready for This	Byte Records
record label	Sunken Condos is the fourth solo album from Steely Dan co-founder Donald Fagen, released in October 2012 through Reprise Records.	Sunken Condos	Reprise Records
record label	``Take This Heart of Mine'' is a song written by The Miracles members Warren ``Pete'' Moore, William ``Smokey'' Robinson and Marv Tarplin, produced by Robinson and released as a single by American soul singer Marvin Gaye, on Motown Records 'Tamla label in 1966.	Take This Heart of Mine	Motown
record label	Mission to Please is the 27th album by The Isley Brothers on Island Records released on May 14, 1996.	Mission to Please	Island Records
record label	Walters Room is an album by Black Science Orchestra, released on Junior Boy's Own records in 1996.	Walters Room	Junior Boy's Own
record label	The Inevitability of a Strange World is Halifax's third release, issued on May 23, 2006 by Drive-Thru Records.	The Inevitability of a Strange World	Drive-Thru Records
record label	Good Mourning is the fourth studio album by Alkaline Trio, released May 13, 2003 on Vagrant Records.	Good Mourning	Vagrant Records
record label	Satanic Sanction was an EP by Sleep Chamber, featuring the lineup of John Zewizz and Jonathan Briley, with help from Larry Van Horn and Laura Chopelas.	Satanic Sanction	John Zewizz
record label	Blood from Stars is the eleventh studio album by Joe Henry, released in August 2009, and his third release on the ANTI- label.	Blood from Stars	ANTI-
record label	``Money (That's What I Want)'' is a song written by Tamla founder Berry Gordy and Janie Bradford that became the first hit record for Gordy's Motown enterprise.	Money (That's What I Want)	Motown
record label	A New Day at Midnight is the sixth studio album by British singer-songwriter David Gray, released on 28 October 2002 in the UK by East West Records and IHT Records and 5 November 2002 in the US by the former RCA imprint ATO Records and iht as well.	A New Day at Midnight	IHT Records
record label	``Summer Time Love'' is M-Flo's 21st single under their Rhythm Zone label.	Summer Time Love	Rhythm Zone
record label	Diamonds in the Coal is The Badlees first full-length album, recorded in late 1991 and released in January 1992.	Diamonds in the Coal	The Badlees
record label	In 2005, Australian band, Architecture in Helsinki, issued their second album In Case We Die on their own Tailem Bend label (distributed by Inertia Records).	In Case We Die	Inertia
record label	When the band signed with Charisma Records, a deal was worked out whereby The Aerosol Grey Machine would be released under the Van der Graaf Generator name, in return for Mercury Records releasing Hammill from his earlier contract with it.	The Aerosol Grey Machine	Mercury Records
record label	Min Andistekese (Greek: Μην Αντιστέκεσαι; English: Don't Resist) is the second studio album by Greek pop musician Sakis Rouvas, released in September 1992 in Greece and Cyprus by PolyGram Records Greece.	Min Andistekese	PolyGram
record label	Shiny Happy Jihad is an album by American comedian Joe Rogan, released on April 10, 2007 by Comedy Central Records.	Shiny Happy Jihad	Comedy Central Records
record label	Sanity Obscure is the second album by the Christian thrash metal band Believer, published in 1990 by R.E.X. Records and a year later by Roadrunner Records.	Sanity Obscure	Roadrunner Records
record label	``Please Smile Again'' is Namie Amuro's 17th solo single on the Avex Trax label.	Please Smile Again	Avex Trax
record label	Born Under a Bad Sign was the first album by Albert King for Stax Records and his second album overall.	Born Under a Bad Sign	Stax Records
record label	Marinella - Portreta (Greek: Μαρινέλλα - Πορτραίτα; English: Marinella - Portraits) is a compilation of recordings by popular Greek singer Marinella, under the PolyGram Records - Philips series ``Portreta (Portraits)''.	Portreta	PolyGram
record label	The album was originally intended to be called Think Too Much, but Mo Ostin, president of Warner Bros. Records, persuaded Simon to change it to Hearts and Bones.	Hearts and Bones	Warner Bros. Records
record label	The Essential Lou Reed is a compilation album by Lou Reed released in 2011 by RCA Records.	The Essential Lou Reed	RCA Records
record label	Sex, Drugs and Rock n' LOL is the second album released by Sick Animation's Marc M. It was released on July 4, 2010.	Sex, Drugs and Rock n' LOL	Sick Animation
record label	J.A.C. is the fourth studio album by the Austrian band Tosca, which was released in 2005 on Studio ! K7.	J.A.C.	Studio ! K7
record label	Where You Want to Be is the second studio album released by American rock band Taking Back Sunday, released on July 27, 2004 through Victory Records.	Where You Want to Be	Victory Records
record label	On Our Worst Behavior is the debut album by American band Immature, released on September 22, 1992 on Virgin Records.	On Our Worst Behavior	Virgin Records
record label	Western Underground is the title of the major label debut album released by American country music artist Chris LeDoux for Liberty Records.	Western Underground	Liberty Records
record label	King Kobra III, released in 1988 on New Renaissance Records, was the first and last album by the Edwards, Michael-Phillips, Northrup, Hart and Appice line-up of King Kobra.	King Kobra III	New Renaissance Records
record label	Released in 1999 by Chrysalis Records, Sanctuary Medicines is the debut album of Scottish industrial rock artist Rico and the precursor to his independently released Violent Silences album.	Sanctuary Medicines	Chrysalis Records
record label	Any Old Wind That Blows is the 44th overall album by American country singer Johnny Cash, released on Columbia Records in 1973 (see 1973 in music).	Any Old Wind That Blows	Columbia Records
record label	The Two Sides of the Smothers Brothers (released September 1, 1962 on Mercury Records) was the second comedy album by the Smothers Brothers.	The Two Sides of the Smothers Brothers	Mercury Records
record label	Barefoot on the Beach is a smooth vocal jazz album by American singer-songwriter and musician Michael Franks, released in 1999 with Windham Hill Records.	Barefoot on the Beach	Windham Hill Records
record label	Although Dusty in Memphis sold poorly when it was first released by Atlantic Records in 1969, the album has since been acclaimed by critics as one of the greatest records of all-time and Springfield's best work.	Dusty in Memphis	Atlantic Records
record label	This Addiction is the seventh studio album by the punk rock band Alkaline Trio, released February 23, 2010 as the first release by their newly formed record label Heart & Skull, a joint venture with Epitaph Records.	This Addiction	Epitaph Records
record label	Little Lucid Moments is the twelfth full-length studio album by the Norwegian band Motorpsycho that was released on March 31, 2008, by Rune Grammofon Records in Scandinavia, the UK, the USA and France and on March 28, 2008, by Stickman Records in Germany and the rest of Europe.	Little Lucid Moments	Rune Grammofon
record label	The Death of Cool is the third studio album from British alternative rock band Kitchens of Distinction, released on 3 August 1992 in the UK by One Little Indian Records and a day later in the US by A&M Records.	The Death of Cool	One Little Indian Records
record label	Voice of Earth is Chinese singer Alan's debut Japanese-language album released by Avex Trax.	Voice of Earth	Avex Trax
record label	Break Every Rule is the sixth solo album by Tina Turner, released on Capitol Records in 1986.	Break Every Rule	Capitol Records
record label	``New Generation'' is the third and final single from the album Dog Man Star by Suede, released on 30 January 1995, on Nude Records.	New Generation	Nude Records
record label	Bells Break Their Towers is the sixth full-length release from experimental pop band Bright, and their first on the Strange Attractors Audio House imprint.	Bells Break Their Towers	Strange Attractors Audio House
record label	Embrace the Curse was re-released on June 24, 2008 due to the band signing a record deal with Glassnote Records.	Embrace the Curse	Glassnote Records
record label	The Astounding 12-String Guitar of Glen Campbell is the third album by American singer-guitarist Glen Campbell, released in 1964 by Capitol Records.	The Astounding 12-String Guitar of Glen Campbell	Capitol Records
record label	Finding Forever is the seventh studio album by Common, released on July 31, 2007 on GOOD Music and Geffen Records.	Finding Forever	GOOD Music	Geffen Records
record label	``Love (Makes Me Do Foolish Things)'' is a 1965 pop ballad by Motown girl group Martha and the Vandellas.	Love (Makes Me Do Foolish Things)	Motown
record label	And Then Nothing Turned Itself Inside-Out is the ninth studio album by American indie rock band Yo La Tengo, released on February 22, 2000 by Matador Records.	And Then Nothing Turned Itself Inside-Out	Matador Records
record label	Freedom to Fly is the fourth studio album by guitarist Tony MacAlpine, released in 1992 through Shrapnel Records (United States) and Roadrunner Records (Europe).	Freedom to Fly	Shrapnel Records
record label	Veckatimest is the third studio album by the American indie rock band Grizzly Bear, released on May 26, 2009, on Warp Records.	Veckatimest	Warp
record label	``Shut It'' is a song by The Damned, released as a single in 1996 on Cleopatra Records.	Shut It	Cleopatra Records
record label	All in Blood with You is the second album by the Iranian alternative rock band Ahoora, released originally inside Iran on September 30, 2007.	All in Blood with You	Ahoora
record label	Waylon & Willie was reissued by RCA Records in 2001.	Waylon & Willie	RCA Records
record label	Black Byrd is a 1973 album by Donald Byrd and his first for Blue Note Records produced by Larry Mizell, assisted by his brother, former Motown producer Fonce.	Black Byrd	Blue Note Records
record label	Released in 1994 by Kill Rock Stars, The Real Janelle would become Bratmobile's last studio recording in six years.	The Real Janelle	Kill Rock Stars
record label	Short-Term Memories is the first studio album by the Canadian indie pop band The Salteens released in 2000 on Endearing Records.	Short-Term Memories	Endearing Records
record label	Inna Di Road was produced by Bobby ``Massive B'' Konders and distributed by Greensleeves Records in September 2007.	Inna Di Road	Greensleeves Records
record label	Brian Wilson Reimagines Gershwin is the ninth studio album by Brian Wilson, released on August 17, 2010 by Walt Disney Records as part of the Disney Pearl Series.	Brian Wilson Reimagines Gershwin	Walt Disney Records
record label	Experience Gloria Gaynor is the second album from Gloria Gaynor, released in 1975 on MGM Records.	Experience Gloria Gaynor	MGM Records
record label	Black Secret Technology is the fourth album by house music and drum and bass pioneer A Guy Called Gerald, released in February 1995 to widespread critical acclaim.	Black Secret Technology	A Guy Called Gerald
record label	Girl Versions is the sixth full-length album by Canadian singer-songwriter Emm Gryner, released in 2001 on Gryner's independent Dead Daisy Records.	Girl Versions	Dead Daisy Records
record label	The Cinderella Theory is the fifth studio album by American funk musician George Clinton, released August 2, 1989 on Paisley Park Records.	The Cinderella Theory	Paisley Park Records
record label	The Very Best of Ray Stevens is a collection of 12 previously released singles that were hits for novelty/country artist, Ray Stevens; it was released in December 1975 by Barnaby Records.	The Very Best of Ray Stevens	Barnaby Records
record label	The Electric Age is the sixteenth studio album by the American thrash metal band Overkill, which was released on March 27, 2012 in the U.S. on eOne Music and in Europe three days later on Nuclear Blast.	The Electric Age	Nuclear Blast
record label	During his November/December 2008 tour with Manchester Orchestra, the I Could Be With Anyone EP was released, featuring two b-sides, a demo and the title track which would be later released on Brother's Blood.	Brother's Blood	Manchester Orchestra
record label	Blue Serge is an album by jazz baritone saxophonist Serge Chaloff, and released by Capitol Records in 1956.	Blue Serge	Capitol Records
record label	``Bloodbuzz Ohio'' (May 3, 2010) 4AD (AD 3X22), 7`` vinyl and digital download ''Bloodbuzz Ohio`` -- 4:36 ''Sin-Eaters`` -- 3:40	Bloodbuzz Ohio	4AD
record label	``Boogie On Reggae Woman'' is a 1974 funk single by American Motown artist Stevie Wonder, from his album Fulfillingness' First Finale.	Boogie On Reggae Woman	Motown
record label	Can You Jerk Like Me (Gordy G7037) is a 1964 R&B song by Motown Records group The Contours, issued on its Gordy Records subsidiary.	Can You Jerk Like Me	Motown
record label	Fake Surfers is an album by Seattle lo-fi post-punk band the Intelligence, released on In the Red Records in 2009.	Fake Surfers	In the Red Records
voice type	Carolyn Sampson (born 18 May 1974) is an English soprano in opera and concert.	Carolyn Sampson	soprano
voice type	Zehava Gal (Hebrew: זֶהָבָה גַּל) is an Israeli-born operatic mezzo-soprano.	Zehava Gal	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Christina Nilsson, Countess de Casa Miranda, (20 August 1843 -- 20 November 1921) was a Swedish operatic soprano.	Christina Nilsson	soprano
voice type	Eleonore Marguerre (born in Seeheim-Jugenheim Germany) is a German oea singer (Coloratura soprano) with Belgic-French roots.	Eleonore Marguerre	soprano
voice type	Leslie Holmes (30 April 1901, Lesser Slave Lake - ?) was a Canadian baritone and voice teacher.	Leslie Holmes	baritone
voice type	Nancy Shade (born May 31, 1946, in Rockford, Illinois) is a spinto soprano, best known as a singing-actress.	Nancy Shade	soprano
voice type	Aled Wyn Davies (born 3 August 1974) is a classical tenor from Llanbrynmair, in Powys, Mid Wales.	Aled Wyn Davies	tenor
voice type	Elena Pankratova is a Russian soprano, born in Yekaterinburg.	Elena Pankratova	soprano
voice type	Marie Delna (Paris, 3 April 1875 - Paris, 24 July 1932) was a French contralto.	Marie Delna	contralto
voice type	Nuccia Focile (born November 25, 1961), is an Italian soprano.	Nuccia Focile	soprano
voice type	Torsten Ralf (January 2, 1901 - April 27, 1954), was a Swedish operatic tenor, particularly associated with Wagner and Strauss roles, one of the leading dramatic tenors of the inter-war period.	Torsten Ralf	tenor
voice type	Flora Perini (20 November 1887 -- September 1975) was an Italian operatic mezzo-soprano who had a prominent opera career in Europe, South America, and the United States during the first half of the twentieth century.	Flora Perini	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Eliza Biscaccianti (1824, Boston -- July 1896, Paris) was an American operatic soprano from Boston, Massachusetts.	Eliza Biscaccianti	soprano
voice type	Goran Dime is a Serbian tenor.	Goran Dime	tenor
voice type	Alide Maria Salvetta (22 March 1941 -- 19 March 1991) was an Italian operatic soprano who had an active international career in concerts and operas from the 1960s until her death in 1991.	Alide Maria Salvetta	soprano
voice type	Andrés Perelló de Segurola (27 March 1874 - 23 January 1953) was a Spanish operatic bass who performed as Andrés de Segurola.	Andrés de Segurola	bass
voice type	Marietta Gazzaniga (1824 -- 2 January 1884) was an Italian operatic soprano.	Marietta Gazzaniga	soprano
voice type	Marta Pérez (2 August 1924 in Havana, Cuba - 18 August 2009 in Miami, Florida) was a Cuban mezzo-soprano and the first Cuban to sing in Milan's famed La Scala opera house.	Marta Pérez	soprano
voice type	Felipe Romito (1893-1962) was an Argentine singer who sung in a bass-baritone voice.	Felipe Romito	baritone
voice type	Lucy Shelton is an American soprano best known for her performance of contemporary music.	Lucy Shelton	soprano
voice type	Giovanni David (15 September 1790 in Naples -- 1864 in Saint Petersburg) was an Italian tenor particularly known for his roles in Rossini operas.	Giovanni David	tenor
voice type	Malin Byström (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈmɑ:lɪn ˈby:ˈstrœm) born 1973) is a Swedish lyric soprano who has sung leading roles at many of the world's leading opera houses.	Malin Byström	soprano
voice type	Gladys Swarthout (born December 25, 1900, Deepwater, Missouri -- d. July 7, 1969, Florence, Italy) was an American mezzo-soprano opera singer and entertainer.	Gladys Swarthout	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Alma Gluck (May 11, 1884 -- October 27, 1938) was a Romanian-born American soprano.	Alma Gluck	soprano
voice type	Esther Young (also Esther Jones or Hester Jones) (14 February 1717 in London -- 6 June 1795 in London) was an English operatic contralto and the wife of music publisher Charles Jones.	Esther Young	contralto
voice type	Lajos Kozma (1938--2007) was a Hungarian operatic tenor, particularly associated with lyric Italian roles, baroque operas and oratorios.	Lajos Kozma	tenor
voice type	Mademoiselle Monrose (c. 1817--1893) was the stage name of a French actress and operatic soprano who made her debut at the Opéra-Comique in 1859.	Mademoiselle Monrose	soprano
voice type	Fred Dyer born Frederick William O'Dwyer (29 April 1888 -- date of death unknown), was a Welsh boxing champion, boxing manager and baritone singer.	Fred Dyer	baritone
voice type	Zdzisława Donat-Pajda (born 4 July 1936, Poznań) is a celebrated Polish coloratura soprano.	Zdzisława Donat	soprano
voice type	Jennifer Aylmer (born 1972) is an American operatic soprano noted for significant performances with the Metropolitan Opera, New York City Opera, and as an oratorio soloist with major ensembles such as the National Symphony, and the Oratorio Society of New York.	Jennifer Aylmer	soprano
voice type	Enzo Stuarti (born Lorenzo Scapone; March 3, 1919 - December 16, 2005) was an Italian American tenor and musical theater performer.	Enzo Stuarti	tenor
voice type	Kammersänger Anton Dermota (June 4, 1910 -- June 22, 1989) was a Slovene tenor.	Anton Dermota	tenor
voice type	Kurt Moll (born 11 April 1938) is a very widely recorded German operatic bass singer, now retired.	Kurt Moll	bass
voice type	Gianni Poggi (October 4, 1921 - December 16, 1989) was an Italian tenor, particularly associated with the Italian repertory.	Gianni Poggi	tenor
voice type	Daniel Rorke is a tenor and soprano saxophonist from Australia who now resides in Norway.	Daniel Rorke	tenor
voice type	Ernesto Nicolini (February 23, 1834 - January 19, 1898) was a French operatic tenor, particularly associated with the French and Italian repertories.	Ernesto Nicolini	tenor
voice type	Annice Sidwells (1902--2001) was a star of early wireless radio in the UK as a contralto singer.	Annice Sidwells	contralto
voice type	Bryan Hymel (born August 8, 1979) is an American operatic tenor who was born and raised in New Orleans, Louisiana and was a graduate of Jesuit High School.	Bryan Hymel	tenor
voice type	Charles Burles (born 21 June 1936) is a French lyric tenor, primarily associated with the French repertory, both opera and operetta.	Charles Burles	tenor
voice type	Edward Zambara (1926, Vancouver, BC, Canada -- August 7, 2007, Boston, Massachusetts, USA) was a Canadian-American bass-baritone singer and leading music educator.	Edward Zambara	bass
voice type	Robert Holl (born 10 March 1947 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch bass-baritone classical singer.	Robert Holl	bass
voice type	Tatiana Troyanos (September 12, 1938 -- August 21, 1993) was an American mezzo-soprano of Greek and German descent, remembered as ``one of the defining singers of her generation'' (Boston Globe).	Tatiana Troyanos	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Donald Novis (3 March 1906 -- 23 July 1966) was an English actor and tenor.	Donald Novis	tenor
voice type	Emma Albertazzi (1 May 1814 -- 25 September 1847) was an English stage contralto.	Emma Albertazzi	contralto
voice type	Lucien Fugère (22 July 1848, Paris -- 15 January 1935, Paris) was a French baritone, particularly associated with the French repertory and Mozart roles.	Lucien Fugère	baritone
voice type	Lucia Popp (born Lucia Poppová; 12 November 1939 -- 16 November 1993) was a Slovak operatic soprano.	Lucia Popp	soprano
voice type	Rachel Santesso is a British soprano, conductor and choral arranger.	Rachel Santesso	soprano
voice type	Lidija Horvat-Dunjko (born 1967 in Varaždin) is a soprano from Croatia and a Docent at the Zagreb Academy of Music.	Lidija Horvat-Dunjko	soprano
voice type	Luigi Infantino (Italian: (luˈiːdʒi iɱfanˈtiːno); April 24, 1921, Racalmuto -- June 22, 1991, Rome) was an Italian operatic tenor, particularly associated with the lyric Italian and French repertories.	Luigi Infantino	tenor
voice type	Rudolf Bockelmann (born 2 April 1892 in Bodenteich, died 9 October 1958 in Dresden) was a German dramatic baritone and Kammersänger.	Rudolf Bockelmann	baritone
voice type	Marie Renard (8 January 1864 -- 19 October 1939) was an Austrian operatic mezzo-soprano, later soprano.	Marie Renard	mezzo-soprano
voice type	David Wilson-Johnson (born in Northampton on November 16, 1950) is a British operatic and concert baritone.	David Wilson-Johnson	baritone
voice type	Ignazio Marini (28 November 1811 -- 29 April 1873) was a celebrated Italian operatic bass.	Ignazio Marini	bass
voice type	Róbert Ilosfalvy (June 18, 1927 -- January 6, 2009) was a Hungarian operatic tenor; he possessed a voice of lyric grace and dramatic power enabling him to sing a wide range of roles in the Italian, German, and French repertories.	Róbert Ilosfalvy	tenor
voice type	Barbara Bonney (born April 14, 1956) is an American soprano.	Barbara Bonney	soprano
voice type	Roberta Dodd Crawford (5 August 1897 -- 14 June 1954) was an African-American lyric soprano and voice instructor who performed throughout the United States and Paris in the 1920s and 1930s.	Roberta Dodd Crawford	soprano
voice type	Lorenzo Salvi (4 May 1810, Ancona - 16 January 1879, Bologna) was an Italian operatic tenor who had a major international opera career during the nineteenth century.	Lorenzo Salvi	tenor
voice type	Nellie Briercliffe (April 1889 -- 12 December 1966) was an English singer and actress best known for her performances in the mezzo-soprano roles of the Savoy Operas with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company.	Nellie Briercliffe	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Heinz Zednik (born February 21, 1940) is an Austrian operatic tenor, closely associated with the character tenor roles of Wagner such as Mime and Loge (Der Ring des Nibelungen) and David (Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg).	Heinz Zednik	tenor
voice type	Beverly Wolff (November 6, 1928 -- August 14, 2005) was an American mezzo-soprano who had an active career in concerts and operas from the early 1950s to the early 1980s.	Beverly Wolff	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Nicola Filacuridi (Greek: Νικόλαος Φυλακουρίδης, Nikólaos Phylakourídēs) (Alexandria June 1, 1920 -- Sydney February 12, 2009) was an Egyptian-born operatic tenor of Greek origin, who had an illustrious career in Italy in the 1950s.	Nicola Filacuridi	tenor
voice type	Elizabeth Norberg-Schulz (born 27 January 1959, Oslo) is a Norwegian/Italian operatic soprano.	Elizabeth Norberg-Schulz	soprano
voice type	Anselmo Colzani (March 28, 1918, Budrio - March 19, 2006, Milan) was an Italian operatic baritone who had an international opera career from the late 1940s through 1980.	Anselmo Colzani	baritone
voice type	Angela Gheorghiu (Romanian pronunciation: (anˈd͡ʒela ɡe̯orˈɡi.u); born 7 September 1965) is a Romanian soprano.	Angela Gheorghiu	soprano
voice type	Simon O'Neill (born 1971) is a New Zealand-born operatic tenor.	Simon O'Neill	tenor
voice type	Karl Hill (9 May 1831 -- 12 January 1893) was a German baritone opera singer.	Karl Hill	baritone
voice type	Robert Moulson (26 November 1932 - 15 August 2003) was an American classical tenor who had an active international career in operas and concerts from the late 1950s through the 1980s.	Robert Moulson	tenor
