Reisen eines Deutschen in England i m Jahre 1782 ( English : Journeys of a German in England in 1782 ) is a travel memoir by German author Karl Philipp Moritz .
Hegemony and Socialist Strategy is a 1985 work of political theory in the post - Marxist tradition by Ernesto Laclau and Chantal Mouffe .
Smart Women is a 1983 novel by Judy Blume that tells the story of a divorcee who falls for her friend 's ex - husband .
Ardèle ou la Marguerite is a 1948 play by French dramatist Jean Anouilh .
The Zombies That Ate The World ( French : Les Zombies qui ont mangé le monde ) is an ongoing comic book series written by Jerry Frissen and illustrated by Guy Davis .
Keepers of the House is the debut novel of Lisa St Aubin de Terán , published as The Long Way Home in the US .
The Romany Rye is a novel by George Borrow , written in 1857 .
Banquets of the Black Widowers is a collection of mystery short stories by science fiction author Isaac Asimov featuring his fictional club of mystery solvers , the Black Widowers .
Doors Open is a 2008 novel by crime writer Ian Rankin .
Armageddon in Retrospect is a collection of short stories and essays about war and peace written by Kurt Vonnegut .
The Epicurean is a novel by Thomas Moore , published in 1827 .
Odes et Ballades , published in 1828 , is the most complete version of a collection of poems by Victor Hugo written and published between 1822 and 1828 .
`` The Adventure of the Unique Dickensians '' is a detective fiction short story by author August Derleth .
A Little Lumpen Novelita ( Una novelita lumpen in Spanish ) is a novel by the Chilean author Roberto Bolaño .
The Destruction of the European Jews is a book published in 1961 by historian Raul Hilberg .
The Corridors of Time is a science fiction novel by Poul Anderson , first published in 1966 as serial in Amazing Stories , May - June 1965 and as book by Doubleday .
`` To Build a Fire '' is the title of two short stories by American author Jack London , published in 1902 and 1908 .
Something Like a House is the debut novel by British writer Sid Smith , first published in 2001 .
The Canterbury Tales ( Middle English : Tales of Caunterbury ) is a collection of 24 stories that runs to over 17,000 lines written in Middle English by Geoffrey Chaucer .
Erewhon : or , Over the Range ( e - re - whon ) is a novel by Samuel Butler which was first published anonymously in 1872 .
Dragonflight is a science fiction novel by the American - Irish author Anne McCaffrey .
The Castle of Wolfenbach ( 1793 ) is the most famous novel written by the English Gothic novelist Eliza Parsons .
The Devil 's Teardrop is a novel published in 1999 , written by author Jeffery Deaver .
Outside the Dog Museum is a novel by the American writer Jonathan Carroll , published in 2005 .
Capital in the Twenty - First Century is a 2013 book by French economist Thomas Piketty .
At Swim , Two Boys ( 2001 ) is a novel by Irish writer Jamie O'Neill .
Wintermind is the second novel of the Masters of Solitude trilogy , written by authors Marvin Kaye and Parke Godwin .
Sixth Grade Secrets is a novel by Louis Sachar that follows sixth - grader Laura Sibbie and her friends as they create a secret club in violation of school rules .
The Sibling Society is a book by poet , activist and author Robert Bly , published in 1996 .
A Solitary Grief ( 1991 ) is a novel by Bernice Rubens about a Harley Street doctor who can not cope with his own life .
Something Rotten is the fourth book in the Thursday Next series by Jasper Fforde .
The 50th Law is a New York Times bestselling book on strategy and fearlessness written collaboratively by rapper 50 Cent and author Robert Greene .
On the Black Hill is a novel by Bruce Chatwin published in 1982 and winner of the James Tait Black Memorial Prize for that year .
Meet the Austins is the title of a 1960 novel by Madeleine L'Engle , the first of her books about the Austin family .
Four Quartets is a set of four poems written by T. S. Eliot that were published individually over a six - year period .
The Cinder Path is a novel by Catherine Cookson and a 1994 film directed by Simon Langton and based on the novel .
A Tree of Night and Other Stories is a short story collection by the American author Truman Capote published in early 1949 .
Call Me Bandicoot is a 1970 young adult novel written by U.S. author William Pène du Bois .
The 1972 Annual World 's Best SF is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by Donald A. Wollheim and Arthur W. Saha , the initial volume in a series of nineteen .
Bibliotheca historica ( Βιβλιοθήκη ἱστορική , `` Historical Library '' ) , is a work of universal history by Diodorus Siculus .
Angels and Spaceships is a 1954 collection of science fiction and fantasy stories by Fredric Brown .
The Charioteer of Delphi is a children 's historical novel by Caroline Lawrence , published in 2006 .
Executive Order 11110 was issued by U.S. President John F. Kennedy on June 4 , 1963 .
Oru Sankeerthanam Pole ( Malayalam : ഒരു സങ്കീർത്തനം പോലെ ) is a widely acclaimed novel written by Perumbadavam Sreedharan , first published in September , 1993 .
The Doll People is a children 's novel written by Ann M. Martin and Laura Godwin , first published in 2000 .
`` Young Zaphod Plays It Safe '' is a short story by Douglas Adams set in his The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy universe .
Erections , Ejaculations , Exhibitions , and General Tales of Ordinary Madness was a paperback collection of short stories by Charles Bukowski , first published by City Lights Publishers in 1972 .
Dead Accounts is Broadway play written by Theresa Rebeck .
The Holy Sinner ( in German , Der Erwählte ) is a German novel written by Thomas Mann .
The Bridal Canopy ( Hebrew : הכנסת כלה‎ , Hakhnasat Kallah ) , a novel by Shmuel Yosef Agnon , is considered to be one of the first classics of modern Hebrew literature .
The Mars trilogy is a series of award - winning science fiction novels by Kim Stanley Robinson that chronicles the settlement and terraforming of the planet Mars through the intensely personal and detailed viewpoints of a wide variety of characters spanning almost two centuries .
The Aspern Papers is a novella written by Henry James , originally published in The Atlantic Monthly in 1888 , with its first book publication later in the same year .
`` The Argonauts of the Air '' is a short story by H. G. Wells , first published in 1895 in Phil May 's Annual .
The High Crusade is a science fiction novel by Poul Anderson about the consequences of an extraterrestrial scoutship landing in Medieval England .
The Greater Inclination was the earliest collection of short fiction by Edith Wharton .
Schweik in the Second World War ( Schweyk i m Zweiten Weltkrieg ) is a play by German dramatist and poet Bertolt Brecht .
Black Summer is a comic book limited series written by Warren Ellis , illustrated by Juan Jose Ryp , and published by Avatar Press starting in June 2007 .
Thirteen Steps Down ( 2004 ) is a psychological thriller novel by Ruth Rendell .
The Lowland is the second novel by Jhumpa Lahiri , published by Alfred A. Knopf and Random House in 2013 .
Ramona the Pest , by Beverly Cleary , is the second book of the Ramona series and the first to focus on Ramona Quimby as the protagonist .
Gladiator - At - Law is a satirical science fiction novel by Frederik Pohl and Cyril M. Kornbluth .
The Light 's on at Signpost is a memoir from George MacDonald Fraser covering his various adventures in screenwriting as well as essays on the state of modern - day England .
The Magic Bicycle is the first novel of the Spirit Flyer Series by John Bibee and illustrated by Paul Turnbaugh .
Orchids , a collection of prose and poetry ( Dutch : Orchideeën , een bundel proza en poëzie ) is a collection of prose and poetry written by Dutch writer Louis Couperus , which was published in 1886 .
The Dehumanization of Art and Other Essays on Art , Culture , and Literature is the first English translation of philosopher José Ortega y Gasset 's `` La deshumanización del Arte e Ideas sobre la novela '' , published in 1925 .
Nélida is a novel by Marie d'Agoult , a `` thinly disguised fictional account '' of her four - year affair with composer Franz Liszt , and a succès de scandale when first published in 1846 .
Kings Will Be Tyrants by Ward Hawkins is a 1959 novel about fighting in Cuba .
Marks of Identity ( Spanish : Señas de identidad ) is a 1966 novel by the Spanish writer Juan Goytisolo .
Sachs and Violens is a fictional comic book duo created by American writer Peter David and co - developed with George Pérez .
The Fate of a Crown is a 1905 adventure novel written by L. Frank Baum , the author best known for his Oz books .
In Siberia is a 1999 travel book by the English writer Colin Thubron .
Comic - book stories of the character scripted by John Stanley appeared in ten issues of Dell 's Four Color before a Marge 's Little Lulu series appeared in 1948 .
The Exception and the Rule ( in German Die Ausnahme und die Regel ) is a short play by German playwright Bertolt Brecht and is one of several Lehrstücke ( Teaching plays ) he wrote around 1929/30 .
Plague Ship is a science fiction novel by author Andrew North ( pseudonym of Alice Mary Norton , also known as Andre Norton ) .
The One Day of the Year is an Australian play by Alan Seymour originally written in 1958 about Anzac Day .
The Wizard of Venus is a novella by Edgar Rice Burroughs , as well as the title of a collection in which it was later published together with an unrelated story .
Genius Squad is a novel written by Catherine Jinks published in 2008 by Allen & Unwin , Australia .
`` The Lottery in Babylon '' ( or `` The Babylon Lottery '' ; original Spanish `` La lotería en Babilonia '' ) is a fantasy short story by Argentinian writer Jorge Luis Borges .
L'Ingénu is a satirical novella by the French writer Voltaire , published in 1767 .
What They Always Tell Us is the first novel by Martin Wilson , focusing on the relationship between two high school age brothers as one begins to embrace his homosexuality .
A Perfect Spy ( 1986 ) by British author John le Carré is a novel about the mental and moral dissolution of a high level secret agent .
Letters from the Earth is a posthumously published work of celebrated American author Mark Twain ( 1835 - -1910 ) .
Babylon Babies is the third novel by French - born naturalized Canadian writer Maurice G. Dantec , published in 1999 .
With the People from the Bridge ( Greek : Με τους ανθρώπους από τη γέφυρα ) is the second part of the Poena Damni trilogy by Greek author Dimitris Lyacos .
The Pinballs is a 1976 young adult novel by American author Betsy Byars .
The Squirrel Wife is the title of a children 's fairy tale written by Philippa Pearce and first illustrated by Derek Collard .
The Return of Chorb is a short story by Vladimir Nabokov written in Russian under his pen name Vladimir Sirin in Berlin in 1925 .
No New Land is a novel by M. G. Vassanji , published in 1991 .
Rainbow Boys is the first novel in a trilogy by Alex Sánchez , focusing on the issues gay and questioning youth face as they come of age .
`` My Son , the Physicist '' is a science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov .
Dragonsinger is a young adult science fiction novel by the American - Irish author Anne McCaffrey .
The History of a Town is a fictional chronicle by Mikhail Saltykov - Shchedrin first published in 1870 and regarded as the major satirical Russian novel of the 19th century .
The Luck of Barry Lyndon is a picaresque novel by William Makepeace Thackeray , first published in serial form in 1844 , about a member of the Irish gentry trying to become a member of the English aristocracy .
Interesting Times is the seventeenth novel in the Discworld series by Terry Pratchett , set in the Aurient ( aka Orient ) .
In the Country of Men is the debut novel of Libyan writer Hisham Matar , first published in 2006 by Viking , an imprint of Penguin Books .
`` The Very Pulse of the Machine '' is a science fiction short story published in 1998 by Michael Swanwick .
Gib Rides Home is a 1998 novel for young readers by Zilpha Keatley Snyder .
Dyr bul shchyl ( Russian : Дыр бул щыл , ( dɨr bul ɕːɨl ) ) is the earliest and most famous transrational poem by Aleksei Kruchenykh , written using the Zaum language , which , according to the author , is `` more Russian national , than in all of Pushkin 's poetry '' .
Week - end at Zuydcoote ( French : Week - end à Zuydcoote ) is a 1949 novel by French author Robert Merle .
Sign of Chaos is the Locus Award nominated third novel in the second Chronicles of Amber series by Roger Zelazny , and the eighth book overall .
The Southern Victory series or Timeline-191 are fan names given to a series of eleven alternate history novels by author Harry Turtledove , beginning with How Few Remain ( 1997 ) and published over a decade .
Wogs Out of Work is an Australian play which was written by Nick Giannopoulos , Simon Palomares , and Maria Portesi .
`` The King of the Elves '' is a short story by science fiction writer Philip K. Dick and first published in the September 1953 issue of Beyond Fantasy Fiction .
Two Minor Ethical - Religious Essays ( original Danish title : Tvende ethisk - religieuse Smaa - Afhandlinger ) is a work by the Danish philosopher Søren Kierkegaard , under the pseudonym H.H. , written in 1847 and published on May 19 , 1849 .
The Borrowers Afield is a children 's fantasy novel by Mary Norton , published in 1955 by Dent in the UK and Harcourt in the US .
The Two of Them is a feminist science fiction novel by Joanna Russ .
Daisy - Head Mayzie is a children 's book written by Dr. Seuss and illustrated in his style .
The Dialogue in Hell Between Machiavelli and Montesquieu ( in the original French Dialogue aux enfers entre Machiavel et Montesquieu ou la politique de Machiavel au XIXe siècle ) is a political satire written by French attorney Maurice Joly in protest against the regime of Napoleon III , a.k.a . Louis - Napoléon Bonaparte .
Adelchi ( Italian pronunciation : ( aˈdɛlki ) ) is the second tragedy written by Alessandro Manzoni .
`` The Cats of Ulthar '' is a short story written by American fantasy author H. P. Lovecraft in June 1920 .
The Power of Sympathy : or , The Triumph of Nature ( 1789 ) is an 18th - century American sentimental novel written in epistolary form by William Hill Brown , widely considered to be the first American novel .
The Pine Deep Trilogy is a series of supernatural horror novels by Jonathan Maberry .
The Sunset Limited is a play by American writer Cormac McCarthy .
Mararía ( 1973 ) is the most famous novel by the Spanish Canarian writer Rafael Arozarena .
The Positronic Man is a 1992 novel by Isaac Asimov and Robert Silverberg , based on Asimov 's novella The Bicentennial Man .
The Bad Place is a novel written by the best - selling author Dean Koontz , released in 1990 .
The Exhaustive Concordance of the Bible , generally known as Strong 's Concordance , is a concordance of the King James Version ( KJV ) that was constructed under the direction of Dr. James Strong ( 1822 - -1894 ) and first published in 1890 .
Going to the Dogs is a 1986 play by Dutch writer , artist , and television director Wim T. Schippers .
Roadmarks is a science fantasy novel written by Roger Zelazny during the late 1970s and published in 1979 .
Aspects of Anglo - Saxon Magic is a study of Anglo - Saxon paganism and the role of magic in Anglo - Saxon England that was written by the English poet and independent scholar Bill Griffiths .
`` On the Pulse of Morning '' is a poem by African - American writer and poet Maya Angelou that she read at the first inauguration of President Bill Clinton on January 20 , 1993 .
Lost in the Garden is a midlife - crisis novel by the American writer Philip Beard .
Deconstructing Sammy is a critically acclaimed book by author Matt Birkbeck about the life and death of Sammy Davis , Jr. and the subsequent efforts to restore his legacy .
`` The Tree on the Hill '' is a short story written by horror author H. P. Lovecraft and Duane W. Rimel .
Kids on Strike ! is a 2003 non - fiction book written by award winning author Susan Campbell Bartoletti .
DL5 Dragons of Mystery was written by Michael Dobson , with art by Larry Elmore , and was published by TSR in 1984 as a 32-page booklet with an outer folder .
Nobody 's Buddy is an American children 's novel written by John A. Moroso and published in 1936 by Goldsmith Publishing Co. of Chicago , Illinois .
A Battle of Nerves ( French : La Tête d'un homme , also known as A Man 's Head ) is a detective novel by Belgian writer Georges Simenon .
The Essential Tagore is the largest collection of Rabindranath Tagore 's works available in English .
Introduction to Automata Theory , Languages , and Computation is an influential computer science textbook by John Hopcroft and Jeffrey Ullman on formal languages and the theory of computation .
That Awful Mess on Via Merulana is an Italian novel by Carlo Emilio Gadda , first published in Italy by Garzanti Editore s.p.a .
The Descendants of Cain ( 카인의 후예 ) is a novel by Hwang Sun - won ( 황순원 ) .
Good - Bye to All That , an autobiography by Robert Graves , first appeared in 1929 , when the author was thirty - four .
The Wizard of the Emerald City ( Russian : Волшебник Изумрудного Города ) is a 1939 children 's novel by Russian writer Alexander Melentyevich Volkov .
O Pioneers ! is a 1913 novel by American author Willa Cather , written while she was living in New York .
John Dough and the Cherub is a children 's fantasy novel written by L. Frank Baum , about a living gingerbread man and his adventures .
The Phoenix and the Mirror was published in 1969 and is the first novel in the first Vergil Magus series , written by Avram Davidson .
A Writer 's Life is a 2006 autobiography by Gay Talese .
Two Hundred Years Together ( Rus . Двести лет вместе , Dvesti let vmeste ) is a two - volume historical essay by Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn .
Autumn Maze is a 1994 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary .
The Train Was on Time ( German : Der Zug war pünktlich ) is the first published novel by German author Heinrich Böll .
Come , Tell Me How You Live is a short book of autobiography and travel literature by crime writer Agatha Christie .
Wrath of the Lion is a 1964 thriller novel by Jack Higgins .
Ethical Relativity is a 1932 book by the Finnish philosopher Edvard Westermarck , one of his main works .
`` Exploration Team '' is a science fiction novelette by American writer Murray Leinster , originally published in the March 1956 issue of Astounding Science Fiction .
The Second Book of General Ignorance is the fifth in a series of books based on the final round in the intellectual British panel game QI , written by series - creator John Lloyd and head - researcher John Mitchinson .
The Life and Adventures of Martin Chuzzlewit ( commonly known as Martin Chuzzlewit ) is a novel by Charles Dickens , considered the last of his picaresque novels .
One King 's Way is the second part of the trilogy by Harry Harrison and John Holm that began with The Hammer and the Cross .
Berts vidare betraktelser ( Swedish : Bert 's further contemplations ) is a diary novel , written by Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson and originally published in 1990 .
After America is an alternate history novel written by British - born Australian author John Birmingham and released in Australia in July 2010 .
Trial of Champions is a single - player roleplaying gamebook , written by Ian Livingstone , illustrated by Brian Williams and originally published in 1986 by Puffin Books .
The Fallon Blood is a novel written by fantasy author James Oliver Rigney , Jr. ( more commonly known as Robert Jordan ) under the name Reagan O'Neal .
Private Angelo was written by Scottish author Eric Linklater and first published in 1946 .
After the Flood ( Swedish : Efter floden ) is a 1982 novel by the Swedish novelist P. C. Jersild .
`` I Wandered Lonely as a Cloud '' ( also commonly known as `` Daffodils '' ) is a lyric poem by William Wordsworth .
The Tales of Alvin Maker is a series of alternate history novels by Orson Scott Card , published from 1987 to 2003 ( with one more planned ) , that explore the experiences of a young man , Alvin Miller , who realizes he has incredible powers for creating and shaping things around him .
Hecate and Her Dogs ( French : Hécate et ses chiens ) is a novel by the French writer Paul Morand .
The Blue Hussar ( French : Le hussard bleu ) is a 1950 novel by the French writer Roger Nimier .
Hijo de hombre ( Son of Man , 1960 ) is a novel by the Paraguayan author Augusto Roa Bastos Roa Bastos ' first published novel , Hijo de hombre represents his definitive break with poetry .
Waiting for the Rain ( 1987 ) by Sheila Gordon tells the story of two boys , one black and one white , growing up on a farm in South Africa during Apartheid .
The Final Descent is a horror novel by Rick Yancey , the fourth and final book in a series that he inaugurated in 2009 with The Monstrumologist ( UK title , The Terror Beneath ) .
The Mediterranean Caper ( also published as Mayday ) is an action - adventure novel by Clive Cussler published in the United States in 1973 .
The Oksa Pollock is a series of six fantasy children 's novels by Anne Plichota and Cendrine Wolf .
They Came on Viking Ships is a children 's historical novel by Jackie French , first published in Australia in 2005 .
The Maker of Universes ( 1965 ) is a fantasy novel by American science fiction author Philip José Farmer .
Eros e Priapo : da furore a cenere is a 1945 satiric pamphlet by Italian author Carlo Emilio Gadda .
The Wandering Scholars is a non - fiction book by Helen Waddell , first published in 1927 by Constable , London .
The Mageborn Traitor , is a fantasy novel written by author Melanie Rawn .
Mr and Mrs Dove is a 1921 short story by Katherine Mansfield .
The Natural History and Antiquities of Selborne , or just The Natural History of Selborne is a book by English naturalist and ornithologist Gilbert White .
Flowers from the Moon and Other Lunacies is a collection of horror and fantasy stories by author Robert Bloch .
Poenulus , also called The Little Carthaginian or The Little Punic , is a Latin comedic play for the early Roman theatre by Titus Maccius Plautus , probably written between 195 and 189 BC . The play is noteworthy for containing text in Carthaginian Punic , spoken by the character Hanno in the fifth act .
Northward Ho ( or Ho ! , or Hoe ) is an early Jacobean era stage play , a satire and city comedy written by Thomas Dekker and John Webster , and first published in 1607 .
Logic as a Positive Science is one of the major works of Italian Marxist philosopher Galvano Della Volpe .
The Mixed Men is a collection of short stories by author A. E. van Vogt that focus on the mixed offspring of Dellian Supermen and human beings .
Girl with Curious Hair is a collection of short stories by David Foster Wallace first published in 1989 .
Chickenfeed ( 2006 ) is a crime novella by English writer Minette Walters , published as part of the `` Quick Reads '' , designed to promote literacy through short , simply written and fast moving stories .
Adventures of Wim or ( reissued in 2002 as Whim ) is a book by George Cockcroft , written under the pen name Luke Rhinehart .
The Bugalugs Bum Thief ( 1991 ) is a children 's novel by acclaimed Australian author Tim Winton .
Lives of the Most Eminent English Poets ( 1779 - -81 ) is a work by Samuel Johnson , comprising short biographies and critical appraisals of 52 poets , most of whom lived during the eighteenth century .
Romiette and Julio by is a novel Sharon Draper , published in 2001 by Simon Pulse .
A Hacker Manifesto is a critical manifesto written by McKenzie Wark , which criticizes the commodification of information in the age of digital culture and globalization .
Whose War Is It ? is a non - fiction book by Jack Granatstein ( published J.L. Granatstein ) , a Canadian historian and military veteran .
Marianne and Mark ( 1960 ) by Catherine Storr is a sequel to Marianne Dreams ( 1958 ) .
Doña Rosita the Spinster ( Spanish : Doña Rosita la soltera ) is a period play by the 20th - century Spanish dramatist Federico García Lorca .
Nice Work ( 1988 ) is a novel by British author David Lodge .
Where Late the Sweet Birds Sang is a science fiction novel written by Kate Wilhelm , published in 1976 .
The Cat Who Could Read Backwards is the first novel in Lilian Jackson Braun 's `` The Cat Who ... '' series , published in 1966 .
Incident at Hawk 's Hill is a Newbery Honor book by naturalist and writer Allan W. Eckert published in 1971 .
Farmer Boy is a children 's historical novel written by Laura Ingalls Wilder and published in 1933 .
Robur the Conqueror ( French : Robur - le - Conquérant ) is a science fiction novel by Jules Verne , published in 1886 .
The Black Riders and Other Lines is a book of poetry written by American author Stephen Crane ( 1871 - -1900 ) .
When Santa Fell to Earth ( German : Als der Weihnachtsmann von Himmel fiel ) is a 2004 novel by German author Cornelia Funke .
Dou E Yuan , commonly translated as The Injustice to Dou E , and also known as The Injustice Done to Tou Ngo and Snow in Midsummer , is a Chinese play written by Guan Hanqing ( c. 1241 - -1320 ) during the Yuan dynasty .
Bitter Lemons is an autobiographical work by writer Lawrence Durrell , describing the three years ( 1953 - -1956 ) he spent on the island of Cyprus .
Guillaume de Dole ( also known as ( Le ) Roman(s ) de la Rose , or Guillaume de Dole ) is an Old French narrative romance by Jean Renart .
Gli Asolani ( the people of Asolo ) are dialogues in 3 books written between 1497 and 1504 by Pietro Bembo in the language of Petrarch and comprise his first important work .
Stones in His Pockets is a two - hander written in 1996 by Marie Jones for the DubbleJoint Theatre Company in Dublin , Ireland .
Mara , Daughter of the Nile by Eloise Jarvis McGraw is a historical fiction children 's book .
' Tis is a memoir written by Frank McCourt .
Prolegomena to Any Future Metaphysics That Will Be Able to Present Itself as a Science ( German : Prolegomena zu einer jeden künftigen Metaphysik , die als Wissenschaft wird auftreten können ) is a book by the German philosopher Immanuel Kant , published in 1783 , two years after the first edition of his Critique of Pure Reason .
Lord Darcy Investigates is a collection of short stories by Randall Garrett featuring his alternate history detective Lord Darcy .
Happy Lesson is a comedy manga , written by Mutsumi Sasaki and illustrated by Shinnosuke Mori , serialized in Dengeki G 's Magazine from April 1999 to September 2002 , featuring a high school student who is adopted by five of his teachers .
A History of Marriage , published by Seven Stories Press , is a non - fiction book by Elizabeth Abbott , the Canadian author of A History of Celibacy ( 1999 ) and A History of Mistresses ( 2003 ) that combines general history and personal histories of marriage .
It was defined by a committee specification of the OASIS RELAX NG technical committee in 2001 and 2002 , based on Murata Makoto 's RELAX and James Clark 's TREX , and also by part two of the international standard ISO / IEC 19757 :
Two - Minute Drill is a 2007 children 's book by Mike Lupica and the first book in his Comeback Kids series .
A Arma Escarlate ( English : The Scarlet Weapon ) is a 2011 romance novel by Brazilian writer Renata Ventura and released by Novo Século publisher .
Thanks to My Mother is the memoir of Schoschana Rabinovici , née Susanne Weksler , a young Jewish girl from Vilnius , Lithuania .
Leaving the Atocha Station ( 2011 ) is the debut novel by American poet and critic Ben Lerner .
Dust of the Damned is a 2012 novel by Western author Peter Brandvold .
Kushiel 's Scion is the 2006 novel by Jacqueline Carey , following on from the Kushiel 's Legacy trilogy ( Kushiel 's Dart , Kushiel 's Chosen , and Kushiel 's Avatar ) .
`` Sunjammer '' is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke , originally published in 1963 , and included in the March 1964 issue of Boys ' Life .
Pobby and Dingan is a novella by English author Ben Rice , which first appeared in issue 70 of Granta in Summer 2000 and published in book form later that year .
The Same River ( Estonian : Seesama jõgi ) is a semi - autobiographical novel by Estonian author Jaan Kaplinski .
Tasuke , the Samurai Cop , known in Japanese as Edokko Boy Gatten Tasuke ( 江戸っ子ボーイがってん太助 Edokko Bōi Gatten Tasuke ) , is a manga series created by Manavu Kashimoto .
What I Call Life is a young adult novel by Jill Wolfson .
Bag Limit is a crime novel written by Steven F. Havill .
The Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices ( MUTCD ) is a document issued by the Federal Highway Administration ( FHWA ) of the United States Department of Transportation ( USDOT ) to specify the standards by which traffic signs , road surface markings , and signals are designed , installed , and used .
The Ingenuity Gap is a non - fiction book by Canadian academic Thomas Homer - Dixon .
Alan Mendelsohn , the Boy from Mars is a novel by Daniel Pinkwater , published in 1979 .
The Vanished Diamond , also translated as The Southern Star ( French : L'Étoile du sud , lit . The Star of the South ) is a novel by Jules Verne , first published in 1884 .
Ginger You 're Barmy ( 1962 ) is a comic novel by David Lodge based on his experiences as a conscript to two years National Service in post - war Britain between August 1955 and August 1957 .
`` Mr F. is Mr F. '' is a short story by British author J. G. Ballard .
Asterix and Son is the twenty - seventh volume of the Asterix comic book series , created by author René Goscinny and illustrator Albert Uderzo .
Os Sertões ( translated as Rebellion in the Backlands ) ( 1902 ) is a book written by the Brazilian author Euclides da Cunha .
How to Solve It ( 1945 ) is a small volume by mathematician George Pólya describing methods of problem solving .
The English Roses is a 2003 children 's picture book written by American entertainer Madonna and illustrated by Jeffrey Fulvimari , which later became a series of children 's books by both artists .
A Grief Observed is a collection of C. S. Lewis 's reflections on the experience of bereavement following the death of his wife , Joy Davidman , in 1960 .
Executive Order 10988 is a United States presidential executive order issued by President John F. Kennedy on January 17 , 1962 that recognized the right of federal employees to collective bargaining .
Dies the Fire is a 2004 alternate history and post - apocalyptic novel written by S. M. Stirling .
From a Crooked Rib is the first published novel by Somalian novelist Nuruddin Farah .
An Age ( published in the U.S. as Cryptozoic ! ) is a 1967 science fiction novel by Brian Aldiss .
Heroes of the Fiery Cross is a book in praise of the Ku Klux Klan , published in 1928 by Protestant Bishop Alma Bridwell White , in which she `` sounds the alarm about imagined threats to Protestant Americans from Catholics and Jews '' , according to author Peter Knight .
Judge Dee at Work is a collection of gong'an detective short stories written by Robert van Gulik and set in Imperial China ( roughly speaking the Tang Dynasty ) .
M*A*S*H Goes to Maine is a novel written by Richard Hooker and originally published in 1972 .
The Small Assassin ( 1962 ) is a short story collection by Ray Bradbury .
Hunter 's Moon , known as The Foxes of Firstdark in the United States , is a novel by English fantasy author Garry Kilworth , published in 1989 .
`` Syzyfowe prace '' or `` Labors of Sisyphus '' is a novel by Polish author Stefan Żeromski which first appeared in the magazine Nowa Reforma in 1897 .
Lord Mord is a Czech historical novel , written by Miloš Urban .
Le Spleen de Paris , also known as Paris Spleen or Petits Poèmes en prose , is a collection of 51 short prose poems by Charles Baudelaire .
Under the Sunset is a collection of short stories by Bram Stoker ( the author of Dracula ) , first published in 1881 .
The Final Programme is a novel by British science fiction and fantasy writer Michael Moorcock .
A Life in the Theatre is a 1977 play by David Mamet .
Dreaming Down - Under is a 1998 speculative fiction anthology edited by Jack Dann and Janeen Webb
True at First Light is a book by American novelist Ernest Hemingway about his 1953 - -54 East African safari with his fourth wife Mary , released posthumously in his centennial year in 1999 .
Created By is a 1993 horror novel by Richard Christian Matheson .
Babel-17 is a 1966 science fiction novel by American writer Samuel R. Delany in which the Sapir--
Half a Team is a 1980 children 's novel by prolific British author Michael Hardcastle .
Twenty Five Years of an Artist is a 1993 photography book chronicling the long career of David Hamilton .
Cage of Stars ( ISBN 9780446578752 ) is a 2006 best - selling novel by Jacquelyn Mitchard .
The Cat Who Sniffed Glue is the eighth book in The Cat Who ... mystery series by Lilian Jackson Braun , published in 1988 .
Not That Sort of Girl ( 1987 ) is a novel by British author Mary Wesley .
The Arte de la lengua mexicana con la declaración de los adverbios della is a grammar of the Nahuatl language in Spanish by Jesuit grammarian Horacio Carochi .
Show of Evil is a 1995 novel by William Diehl , the sequel to Primal Fear .
`` The Judgment '' ( `` Das Urteil '' ) is a short story written by Franz Kafka in 1912 , concerning the relationship between a man and his father .
Planning the Play of a Bridge Hand is a book on contract bridge co - written by Canadian teacher and author Barbara Seagram and British author David Bird .
The Indiscreet Jewels ( or The Indiscreet Toys , or The Talking Jewels , French : Les bijoux indiscrets ) is the first novel by Denis Diderot , published anonymously in 1748 .
A Flea in Her Ear ( in French : La Puce à l'oreille ) is a play by Georges Feydeau written in 1907 , at the height of the Belle Époque .
Pretty , Baby , Machine ( also known as Pretty Baby Machine ) is a three - issue comic book limited series written by Clark Westerman with art by Kody Chamberlain , and released by Image Comics through their ShadowLine studio in 2008 .
The Old Glory is a play written by the American poet Robert Lowell that was first performed in 1964 .
King Hedley II is a play by American playwright August Wilson , the eighth in his ten - part series , The Pittsburgh Cycle .
Saving Faith , written by David Baldacci , is a thriller novel set with backdrop of the political lobbying , political corruption , and blackmail in the US Government .
The Ghost Road is a war novel by Pat Barker , first published in 1995 and winner of the Booker Prize .
Atalanta Fugiens or Atalanta Fleeing is an emblem book by Michael Maier ( 1568 - -1622 ) , published by Johann Theodor de Bry in Oppenheim in 1617 ( 2nd edition 1618 ) .
Nicholas Nickleby ; or , The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby is a novel by Charles Dickens .
The Bureau for Paranormal Research and Defense ( the B.P.R.D. or BPRD ) is a fictional organization in the comic book work of Mike Mignola , charged with protecting America and the world from the occult , paranormal and supernatural .
The Marvelous Palace And Other Stories ( French : ' Histoires Perfides ' ) is a collection of short stories by French author Pierre Boulle , published in French in 1976 and in English in 1977 .
Spilling The Beans is an autobiography written by Clarissa Dickson Wright and first published in 2007 .
The Eagle of the Ninth is a historical adventure novel for children written by Rosemary Sutcliff and published in 1954 .
The Nine Wrong Answers , first published in 1952 , is a detective story by John Dickson Carr which does not feature any of Carr 's series detectives .
Gods of Riverworld ( 1983 ) is a science fiction novel , the fifth and last in the series of Riverworld books by Philip José Farmer .
`` Survivor Type '' is a short story by Stephen King , first published in the 1982 horror anthology Terrors , edited by Charles L. Grant , and collected in King 's 1985 collection Skeleton Crew .
In the Sargasso Sea is a children 's novel written in 1898 by Thomas Allibone Janvier .
A Philosophical Enquiry into the Origin of Our Ideas of the Sublime and Beautiful is a 1757 treatise on aesthetics written by Edmund Burke .
Flight of the Fire Thief is a novel written by Terry Deary , and is the second installment of The Fire Thief Trilogy .
Grace and Truth is a novel by Irish writer Jennifer Johnston , first published in 2005 by Headline Books .
Larry and the Meaning of Life is the third installment in author Janet Tashjian 's novel series about anti - consumerist web guru Josh `` Larry '' Swensen .
The White Bone is a Canadian novel written by Barbara Gowdy and published by HarperCollins in 1999 .
He , She and It ( published under the title Body of Glass outside the USA ) is a cyberpunk novel by Marge Piercy published in 1991 .
`` My Platonic Sweetheart '' is a short dream narrative written by American writer Mark Twain .
Yawar Fiesta is the first novel by the Peruvian author José María Arguedas published in 1941 .
Twilight Watch ( sometimes translated Dusk Watch ) ( Russian : Sumerechniy Dozor , Сумеречный Дозор ) is a fantasy novel by Russian writer Sergey Lukyanenko published in 2008 .
Wolf to the Slaughter is a novel by British crime - writer Ruth Rendell , first published in 1967 .
Jude the Obscure , the last completed of Thomas Hardy 's novels , began as a magazine serial in December 1894 and was first published in book form in 1895 .
The Truce at Bakura is a 1993 science fiction novel by Kathy Tyers , set in the Star Wars universe .
Keats 's Neighborhood is a 2002 children 's picture book about the works of American author and illustrator Ezra Jack Keats .
`` Ordeal in Space '' is a science fiction short story by Robert A. Heinlein , originally published in Town & Country , May 1948 .
A Cellarful of Noise is the title of Brian Epstein 's 1964 autobiography .
The Great Pacific War was a 1925 novel by Hector Charles Bywater which discussed a hypothetical future war between Japan and the United States .
House of Incest is a slim volume of 72 pages written by Anaïs Nin .
Last Exit to Brooklyn is a 1964 novel by American author Hubert Selby , Jr. The novel has become a cult classic because of its harsh , uncompromising look at lower class Brooklyn in the 1950s and for its brusque , everyman style of prose .
Grundzüge der Mengenlehre ( German for `` Basics of Set Theory '' ) is an influential book on set theory written by Felix Hausdorff .
Love 's Comedy ( Norwegian : Kjærlighedens Komedie ) is a comedy by Henrik Ibsen .
An Option for Quebec ( French : Option Québec ) is an essay by former Premier of Quebec René Lévesque published in 1968 .
Ralph the Heir is a novel by Anthony Trollope , originally published in 1871 .
Teheran , een zwanezang ( `` Tehran , a Swan Song '' ) is a novel by Dutch author F. Springer , published in 1991 .
The Atlas of Creation ( or , in Turkish , Yaratılış Atlası ) is a series of three books , written by Adnan Oktar under the pen name Harun Yahya .
Heavy Metal : a Tank Company 's Battle to Baghdad is a book by Captain Jason Conroy with Ron Martz published in 2005 by Potomac Books .
May I Bring a Friend ? is a 1964 book by Beatrice Schenk de Regniers .
In Verrem ( `` Against Verres '' ) is a series of speeches made by Cicero in 70 BC , during the corruption and extortion trial of Gaius Verres , the former governor of Sicily .
The Amateur Emigrant ( in full : The Amateur Emigrant from the Clyde to Sandy Hook ) is Robert Louis Stevenson 's travel memoir of his journey from Scotland to California in 1879 - 1880 .
The Magic Pen of Joseph Clement Coll is a study of American illustrator Joseph Clement Coll by Walt Reed .
Memoirs of the Author of A Vindication of the Rights of Woman ( 1798 ) is William Godwin 's biography of his wife Mary Wollstonecraft , the author of A Vindication of the Rights of Woman ( 1792 ) .
The d20 system , 3rd edition version of the Arms and Equipment Guide was printed in 2003 and was designed by Eric Cagle , Jesse Decker , Jeff Quick , and James Wyatt .
Get Shorty is a 1990 novel by American novelist Elmore Leonard .
Spawn / Batman is a 1994 one - shot comic book written by Frank Miller with art by Todd McFarlane and published jointly by DC Comics and Image Comics .
`` That Evening Sun '' is a short story by the American author William Faulkner , published in 1931 on the collection These 13 , which included Faulkner 's most anthologized story , `` A Rose for Emily '' .
Twilight of the Idols , or , How to Philosophize with a Hammer ( German : Götzen - Dämmerung , oder , Wie man mit dem Hammer philosophirt ) is a book by Friedrich Nietzsche , written in 1888 , and published in 1889 .
To Shatter the Sky , subtitled Bomber Airfield at War , is a book and also BBC Television programme of the same name by the military historian , author and screenwriter Bruce Barrymore Halpenny .
Early Autumn is a 1926 novel by Louis Bromfield .
Young Lucretia and Other Stories is a collection of thirteen short stories by Mary Eleanor Wilkins Freeman .
Commentarii de Bello Gallico ( English : Commentaries on the Gallic War ) , also simply Bellum Gallicum ( English : Gallic War ) , is Julius Caesar 's firsthand account of the Gallic Wars , written as a third - person narrative .
Ascent of Mount Carmel ( Spanish : Subida del Monte Carmelo ) is a 16th - century spiritual treatise by Spanish Catholic mystic and poet Saint John of the Cross .
`` The Lurking Fear '' is a short story by H. P. Lovecraft in the horror fiction genre .
Kings in Disguise started out as James Vance 's idea for a play called On the Ropes .
Red Planet Noir is a combination work of crime fiction and science fiction written by American author D. B. Grady .
The Dragon Man is a 1999 crime novel by the Australian author Garry Disher .
American Gods is a Hugo and Nebula Award - winning novel by Neil Gaiman .
The Man from Outback is a 1909 Australian play by Bert Bailey and Edmund Duggan written under the name of ' Albert Edmunds ' .
The County of London Plan was prepared for the London County Council in 1943 by Sir Leslie Patrick Abercrombie ( 1879 - 1957 ) and John Henry Forshaw ( 1895 - 1973 ) .
The Afterlife Experiments ( full title : The Afterlife Experiments : Breakthrough Scientific Evidence of Life After Death ) is a book written by Gary Schwartz and William L. Simon , with a foreword by Deepak Chopra .
Zulu Hart is a historical novel by British author Saul David , set in the late Victorian Era , and focussed around the early military career of its eponym , George Hart .
Elective Affinities ( German : Die Wahlverwandtschaften ) , also translated under the title Kindred by Choice , is the third novel by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe , published in 1809 .
The Man from the USSR and Other Plays is a collection of four dramas by the Russian writer Vladimir Nabokov , first published in 1984 .
Phaedon ( German : Phädon oder über die Unsterblichkeit der Seele ) , published in 1767 , is a book by the Jewish Enlightenment philosopher Moses Mendelssohn , a defense of immortality .
The Last of the Greats is a comic book limited series owned by writer Joshua Hale Fialkov and artist Brent Peeples .
Three Months in the Southern States is a book written by Captain Arthur Fremantle , of the Coldstream Guards , upon his return to England from his three - month stay ( April 2 until July 16 , 1863 ) in the Confederate States of America .
The Chocolate Frog was a short Australian play by Jim McNeil .
Albania Defiant ( Swedish : Albansk utmaning ) is a travel book by the Swedish authors Gun Kessle and Jan Myrdal , originally published in 1970 and translated to English in 1976 by Paul Britten Austin .
Birthday Letters , published in 1998 , is a collection of poetry by English poet and children 's writer Ted Hughes .
`` A Christmas for Shacktown '' is a 32-page funny animal comic book story written , drawn , and lettered by Carl Barks .
Patriarcha , or The Natural Power of Kings is a 1680 book by the English philosopher Robert Filmer .
I Like It Here is a novel by the English writer Kingsley Amis , first published in 1958 by Victor Gollancz .
The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven is a 1993 collection of interconnected short stories by Sherman Alexie .
The Denationalization of Money is a book written by Friedrich Hayek , and published in 1976 , in which he advocated the establishment of competitively issued private moneys .
Cruel Shoes is a collection of offbeat , mostly humorous essays and short stories by Steve Martin , and his first published book , and is also the title of one of the pieces therein , a satirical short - short story about a woman in a shoe store .
Who Censored Roger Rabbit ? is a mystery novel written by Gary K. Wolf in 1981 , later adapted into the film Who Framed Roger Rabbit ( 1988 ) .
No Longer at Ease is a 1960 novel by Nigerian author Chinua Achebe .
The Division Bell Mystery is a 1932 political murder mystery by the Labour MP Ellen Wilkinson .
Divagations is an 1897 prose collection by the French writer Stéphane Mallarmé .
Fool 's Quest is the second book in the epic fantasy trilogy Fitz and the Fool , written by American author Robin Hobb .
Manrape ( Swedish : Män kan inte våldtas , literally `` Men Ca n't Be Raped '' ) is a 1975 novel by Märta Tikkanen .
A Year Down Yonder is a novel by Richard Peck published in 2000 and won the Newbery Medal in 2001 .
Jupiter 's Travels is a book by Ted Simon which narrates his four - year journey through 126,000 km across 45 countries on a Triumph Tiger 100 500 cc motorcycle from 1973 to 1977 .
The Triumphs of Oriana is a book of English madrigals , compiled and published in 1601 by Thomas Morley , which first edition has 25 pieces by 23 composers ( Thomas Morley and Ellis Gibbons have two madrigals ) .
Mistress Masham 's Repose ( 1946 ) is a novel by T. H. White that describes the adventures of a girl who discovers a group of Lilliputians , a race of tiny people from Jonathan Swift 's satirical classic Gulliver 's Travels .
The Years of Lyndon Johnson is a biography of Lyndon B. Johnson by American writer Robert Caro .
Persian Inscriptions on Indian Monuments is a book written in Persian by Dr Ali Asghar Hekmat E Shirazi and published in 1956 and 1958 .
A Summer Bird - Cage is the 1963 debut novel by Margaret Drabble published by Weidenfeld & Nicolson .
`` The Empire of the Ants '' is a 1905 short story by H. G. Wells about the littleness of humanity and the tenuousness of the dominion Homo sapiens enjoys on Earth .
The original Manual of the Planes was written by Jeff Grubb , with a cover by Jeff Easley and interior illustrations by Stephen Fabian with Easley , and was published by TSR in 1987 as a 128-page hardcover .
Memories of Midnight , sometimes known as The Other Side of Midnight ( Book 2 ) is a 1990 novel written by Sidney Sheldon .
The Vesuvius Club is a 2004 historical spy story by Mark Gatiss .
The Betrayal of Bindy Mackenzie , ( also The Murder of Bindy MacKenzie in the US and Becoming Bindy MacKenzie in the UK ) is a 2006 novel for young adults by Jaclyn Moriarty .
Questioning the Millennium is a 1997 book by Stephen Jay Gould that deals with the definition and calculation of the millennium and the cultural historical meaning of these questions .
Treasure Box ( 1996 ) is the second horror novel by Orson Scott Card .
Strong Motion ( 1992 ) is the second novel by American author Jonathan Franzen .
The Devouring is a teen horror novel by author Simon Holt .
Tales from Silver Lands is a book by Charles Finger that won the Newbery Medal in 1925 .
Happy Alchemy , first published by McClelland and Stewart in 1997 , is a collection of writings by Canadian novelist Robertson Davies .
`` The Diamond Pit '' is a 2001 fantasy science fiction novella by Jack Dann .
Return to Killybegs ( French : Retour à Killybegs ) is a 2011 novel by the French writer Sorj Chalandon .
Challenging the Chip is a 2006 book on `` labor rights and environmental justice in the global electronics industry '' edited by Ted Smith , David A. Sonnenfeld , and David Naguib Pellow .
Am kürzeren Ende der Sonnenallee ( On the Shorter End of Sun Avenue ) is the third novel by author Thomas Brussig .
Nazi Literature in the Americas ( Spanish : La literatura Nazi en América ) is a work of fiction by the Chilean author Roberto Bolaño .
The Greek Myths ( 1955 ) is a mythography , a compendium of Greek mythology , with comments and analyses , by the poet and writer Robert Graves , normally published in two volumes , though there are abridged editions that present the myths only .
Tropic of Fear is a Nancy Drew and Hardy Boys Supermystery novel , issued under the Carolyn Keene pseudonym .
The Diary of Lady Murasaki ( 紫式部日記 Murasaki Shikibu Nikki ) is the title of fragments of a diary written by the 11th - century Japanese Heian era lady - in - waiting and writer Murasaki Shikibu , author of The Tale of Genji .
Bird Life is a book written by Australian ornithologist Ian Rowley and published by Collins ( Australia ) in 1975 as part of its Australian Naturalist Library series .
Fight for Tomorrow was a six - issue limited series of comic books by writer Brian Wood and artist Denys Cowan , published 2002 - 2003 by Vertigo .
The first novel in David Weber 's popular Honor Harrington series , On Basilisk Station , follows Commander Honor Harrington and Her Majesty 's light cruiser Fearless during their assignment to the Basilisk system .
African Silences is a 1991 book by Peter Matthiessen published by Random House .
The Keys to the Street is a crime novel by British writer Ruth Rendell from 1996 .
Age of Iron is a 1990 novel by South African Nobel Prize winner J. M. Coetzee .
The Silence of Dean Maitland is an 1886 novel by Maxwell Gray ( the pen name of Mary Gleed Tuttiett ) .
Green Manor is a Franco - Belgian comics series written by Fabien Vehlmann , illustrated by Denis Bodart and published by Dupuis in French and Cinebook in English .
Dragons of Light ( 1980 ) is an anthology edited by Orson Scott Card .
`` The Woman of Endor '' is a 2001 fantasy novelette by Sue Isle .
The Concept of Mind is a 1949 book by philosopher Gilbert Ryle that has been seen as a founding document in the philosophy of mind , which received professional recognition as a distinct and important branch of philosophy only after 1950 .
Command Authority is a political thriller novel by Tom Clancy and Mark Greaney published posthumously on December 3 , 2013 by Putnam Adult .
Girl Meets Boy is a 2007 novel by Scottish author Ali Smith and published by Canongate in the Canongate Myth Series .
They Would Never Hurt a Fly ( Croatian : Oni ne bi ni mrava zgazili ) is a 2004 historical non - fiction novel by Slavenka Drakulić discussing the personalities of the war criminals on trial in the Hague that destroyed the former Yugoslavia ( see International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia ) .
Side Man is a memory play by Warren Leight .
Thornyhold is a fantasy novel by Mary Stewart published in 1988 .
When Worlds Collide is a 1933 science fiction novel co - written by Philip Wylie and Edwin Balmer ; they both also co - authored the sequel After Worlds Collide ( 1934 ) .
Good - bye , Chunky Rice is a 1999 graphic novel about friendship written by Craig Thompson .
Banquet for the Damned is a 2004 horror novel and the debut novel of British author Adam Nevill .
The North Wind and the Sun is one of Aesop 's Fables ( Perry Index 46 ) .
Nicomède is a tragedy by French dramatist Pierre Corneille , first performed in 1651 .
The Pendragon Protocol is an urban fantasy thriller by Philip Purser - Hallard , published in 2014 by Snowbooks .
Hard - Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World ( Japanese 世界の終りとハードボイルド・ワンダーランド ; Sekai no owari to Hādo - Boirudo Wandārando , literally The End of the World & Hard - Boiled Wonderland ) is a 1985 novel by Japanese writer Haruki Murakami .
Dragons of Autumn Twilight is a 1984 fantasy novel by Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman , based on a series of Dungeons & Dragons ( D&D ) game modules .
Wind , Sand and Stars ( French title : Terre des hommes ) is a memoir by the French aristocrat aviator - writer Antoine de Saint - Exupéry , and a winner of several literary awards .
`` Go See Eddie '' was one of J. D. Salinger 's first short stories .
The Education of Robert Nifkin is a 1998 novel written for young adults by United States author Daniel Pinkwater .
Two in the Far North is a biographical novel written by Margaret Murie .
Die Funktion des Orgasmus ( The Function of the Orgasm ) is a monograph about the ability to achieve orgasm published in 1927 by Sigmund Freud 's follower Wilhelm Reich , later published in English as Genitality in the Theory and Therapy of Neurosis .
Mrs. Kimble ( 2003 ) is Jennifer Haigh 's debut novel .
Journal of a Sad Hermaphrodite is a book written - and , some would say , compiled - by the English writer Michael de Larrabeiti and published in the United Kingdom by Aidan Ellis in 1992 ( ISBN 0 - 85628 - 200 - 6 ) .
The Bug Wars ( ISBN 0440108063 ) is a 1979 science fiction novel by Robert Asprin .
`` Weirdworld '' was a fantasy series created by Doug Moench and Mike Ploog for American company Marvel Comics , set in a dimension of magic .
The Call of the Race ( L'Appel de la race ) is a controversial book by Québécois priest and historian Lionel Groulx .
Goodbye Japan is a non - fiction book on Japan written by an American journalist Joseph Newman published in 1942 .
Mine for Keeps is a 1962 book by the Canadian children 's author Jean Little .
The Touch of Silk is a 1928 Australian play by Betty Roland about a French girl who marries a former Australian soldier after World War I. It was produced around Australia and was adapted several times for radio .
The Gutting of Couffignal ( 1925 ) is a hardboiled crime short story by Dashiell Hammett .
Nightrunners of Bengal is the title of the first novel by John Masters .
On Paradise Drive is the second book written by conservative and occasionally centrist New York Times commentator David Brooks , released four years after his first book , Bobos in Paradise .
`` Aurora in Four Voices '' is a short science fiction novella written by Catherine Asaro and published in December 1998 .
Essentials of Programming Languages ( EOPL ) is a textbook on programming languages by Daniel P. Friedman , Mitchell Wand , and Christopher T. Haynes .
Sketches New and Old is a group of fictional stories -- except for `` The Case of George Fisher '' -- by Mark Twain .
The Last Words of Dutch Schultz is a closet screenplay by Beat Generation author William S. Burroughs , first published in 1970 .
Welcome to the Desert of the Real is a 2002 book by Slavoj Žižek .
The National Gain ( Swedish title : Den nationnale winsten ) is the main work of the Finnish scientist , philosopher and politician Anders Chydenius , published in 1765 .
Sisterhood of Dune is a 2012 science fiction novel by Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson , set in the Dune universe created by Frank Herbert .
Lucky Dog by Leo Butler is play which premiered in the upstairs Jerwood Theatre of Royal Court in 2004 .
Xiccarph is a collection of fantasy short stories by Clark Ashton Smith , edited by Lin Carter .
Forest of the Pygmies , a 2004 novel by Chilean novelist Isabel Allende , is a threequel to City of the Beasts and Kingdom of the Golden Dragon .
The Fire Chronicle is an adventure and fantasy novel written by John Stephens .
For a discussion of poetic style and technique in Argonautica see Apollonius of Rhodes#Poetic style
Beneath the Gated Sky is a science - fiction novel by Robert Reed , first published in 1997 .
Kierkegaardian Studies ( French : Études kierkegaardiennes ) is a 1938 book about Søren Kierkegaard by philosopher Jean Wahl .
The Secret of Wilhelm Storitz ( fr . : Le Secret de Wilhelm Storitz ) is a fantasy novel by Jules Verne , published by Louis - Jules Hetzel in 1910 .
A Voice Through a Cloud is an autobiographical novel by Denton Welch , who became a writer after a serious accident which had long - term effects on his health .
The Sociological Imagination is a 1959 book by American sociologist C. Wright Mills published by Oxford University Press .
After the End is a play by Dennis Kelly which premiered in 2005 produced by Paines Plough at the Traverse then Bush Theatre directed by Roxanna Silbert and starring Tom Brooke and Kerry Condon .
The Chip - Chip Gatherers is a novel by Shiva Naipaul originally published in 1973 by Penguin Books .
Refugees from an Imaginary Country is a collection of dark fantasy short stories written by Darrell Schweitzer .
A Change of Climate is a novel by English author Hilary Mantel , first published in 1994 by Viking Books .
Personal Injuries is a novel by Scott Turow which was published in 1999 .
Barelli is a comics series featuring an eponymous character , created by Bob de Moor , which first appeared in the Franco - Belgian comics magazine Tintin on July 27 , 1950 .
`` When the People Fell '' is a science fiction short story by Cordwainer Smith , set in his `` Instrumentality '' universe .
The Monkey and the Cat is best known as a fable adapted by Jean de La Fontaine under the title Le Singe et le Chat that appeared in the second collection of his Fables in 1679 ( IX.17 ) .
Chekago is the debut novel of the writer and academic Sarah Symmons .
`` You did n't build that '' is a phrase from an election campaign speech delivered by President of the United States Barack Obama on July 13 , 2012 , in Roanoke , Virginia .
A Fine and Private Place is a fantasy novel written by Peter S. Beagle , the first of his major fantasies .
`` The Pedestrian '' is a short story by best - selling science fiction author Ray Bradbury .
The Smoky God , or A Voyage Journey to the Inner Earth is a novel of 1908 by Willis George Emerson , which is presented as a true account of a Norwegian sailor named Olaf Jansen , and explains how Jansen 's sloop sailed through an entrance to the Earth 's interior at the North Pole .
Lodore , also published under the title The Beautiful Widow , is the penultimate novel by Romantic novelist Mary Shelley , completed in 1833 and published in 1835 .
Fifty Shades Darker is a 2012 erotic romance novel by British author E. L. James .
Invariances is a 2001 book by Robert Nozick , his last book before his death in 2002 .
The European Tribe is the first book of essays by Caryl Phillips , published in 1987 ( in the UK by Faber and Faber and in the US by Farrar , Straus & Giroux ) .
Badenheim 1939 is an Israeli novel by Aharon Appelfeld .
Our Man in Iraq ( Croatian : Naš čovjek na terenu ) is a novel by Croatian author Robert Perišić .
The Paris Wife is a 2011 novel by Paula McLain which became a New York Times Bestseller .
The Secrets of Jin - Shei is a novel written by Alma A. Hromic ( as Alma Alexander ) , published by HarperCollins in May 2004 in the U.S. , and also published in several other countries in a total of eleven languages .
The Haunted Bookshop is the 1919 novel by Christopher Morley , now in the public domain in the United States .
Tree Girl is an award - winning book which was published by Ben Mikaelsen in 2004 .
Asterix the Gaul is the first volume of the Asterix comic strip series , by René Goscinny ( stories ) and Albert Uderzo ( illustrations ) .
The Thibaults ( Les Thibault in French ) is a multi - volume roman fleuve by Roger Martin du Gard , which follows the fortunes of two brothers , Antoine and Jacques Thibault , from their upbringing in a prosperous Catholic bourgeois family to the end of the First World War .
The Encyclopedia of Ukraine ( Ukrainian : Енциклопедія українознавства ) is a fundamental work of Ukrainian Studies created under the auspices of the Shevchenko Scientific Society in Europe ( Sarcelles , near Paris ) .
`` Whispers of the Mist Children '' is a 1999 fantasy short story by Trudi Canavan .
Nightwood is a 1936 novel by Djuna Barnes first published in London by Faber and Faber .
The Purpose Driven Church ( 1995 ) is a book written by Rick Warren , founder and senior pastor of Saddleback Church in Lake Forest , California , United States .
The Leopard Hunts in Darkness is a novel by Wilbur Smith set in the early days of Zimbabwe 's independence and is the fourth in Wilbur Smith 's series about the Ballantyne family of Rhodesia .
`` A Fratricide '' ( German : Ein Brudermord ) is a short story by Franz Kafka written between December 1916 and January 1917 .
The King 's General is a novel , published in 1946 , by English author and playwright Daphne du Maurier .
Star Maker is a science fiction novel by Olaf Stapledon , published in 1937 .
The Death of Empedocles ( German : Der Tod des Empedokles ) is an unfinished drama by Friedrich Hölderlin .
Kieron Smith , Boy is a novel by the Scottish writer James Kelman published in 2008 .
Poverty , A Study of Town Life is the first book by the sociological researcher , social reformer and industrialist , Seebohm Rowntree , published in 1901 .
How the García Girls Lost Their Accents is a 1991 novel written by Dominican - American poet , novelist , and essayist Julia Alvarez .
Prince Silverwings and Other Stories is a 1902 children 's book by Edith Ogden Harrison .
The Spoils of Poynton is a novel by Henry James , first published under the title The Old Things as a serial in The Atlantic Monthly in 1896 and then as a book in 1897 .
Ystoria Mongalorum is a report , compiled by Giovanni da Pian del Carpine , of his trip to the Mongol Empire .
The Real Anita Hill is a controversial 1993 book written by David Brock in which the author claimed to reveal the `` true motives '' of Anita Hill , who had accused Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas of sexual harassment during his 1991 confirmation hearings .
The River at Green Knowe is a children 's novel written by Lucy M. Boston , first published in 1959 .
The Janus Man is a 1987 thriller novel by British novelist Raymond Harold Sawkins , written under the pseudonym of Colin Forbes .
Joe the Barbarian is an eight - issue comic book limited series written by Grant Morrison and drawn by Sean Murphy .
Colonel Markesan and Less Pleasant People is a collection of stories by authors August Derleth and Mark Schorer writing in collaboration .
Populorum progressio is the encyclical written by Pope Paul VI on the topic of `` the development of peoples '' and that the economy of the world should serve mankind and not just the few .
We Need New Names is the 2013 debut novel of expatriate Zimbabwean writer NoViolet Bulawayo .
Masked Prowler , The Story of a Raccoon ( 1950 ) is a children 's novel written by John and Jean George and illustrated by Jean George , more famously known by her later novels as Jean Craighead George .
Triste Fim de Policarpo Quaresma ( in English : The Tragic Fate of Policarpo Quaresma ) is a novel by Pre - Modernist Brazilian writer Lima Barreto .
Sonnet 55 is one of the best and most critically acclaimed sonnets of the 154 sonnets written by the English playwright and poet William Shakespeare .
Mäeküla piimamees ( The Dairyman of Mäeküla ) is a novel by Estonian author Eduard Vilde .
Love 's Body is a 1966 book by Norman O. Brown , described by Camille Paglia as `` one of the most famous and influential books of my college years . ''
`` Mademoiselle O '' is a memoir by Vladimir Nabokov about his eccentric Swiss - French governess .
`` Mr. Prokharchin '' ( Russian : Господин Прохарчин , Gospodin Prokharchin ) is a short story written in 1846 by Fyodor Dostoyevsky and first published in the Annals of the Fatherland .
`` The Rule of Names '' is a short story by Ursula K. Le Guin , first published in the April 1964 issue of Fantastic , and reprinted in collections such as The Wind 's Twelve Quarters .
A Fate Totally Worse than Death is a spoof horror novel for young adults by Paul Fleischman , published in 1995 , in which a badly behaved clique of high school girls get their comeuppance .
That Face is a two - act play written by Polly Stenham .
Somewhere Around the Corner is a children 's novel written by Australian author Jackie French .
The Méthode pour la Guitare is a method for the classical guitar originally written in French by guitarist and composer Fernando Sor .
Searching for Caleb is Anne Tyler 's sixth novel .
The Manchurian Candidate ( 1959 ) , by Richard Condon , is a political thriller novel about the son of a prominent US political family who is brainwashed into being an unwitting assassin for a Communist conspiracy .
`` Viruses of the Mind '' is an essay by British evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins , first published in the book Dennett and His Critics :
Tarzan 's Quest is a 1935/1936 story written by Edgar Rice Burroughs , the nineteenth in his series of books about the title character Tarzan .
Servitude et grandeur militaires is a book in three parts by Alfred de Vigny , published in 1835 .
The Narrative of Arthur Gordon Pym of Nantucket ( 1838 ) is the only complete novel written by American writer Edgar Allan Poe .
`` The Sweethearts ; or , The Top and the Ball '' ( Danish : Kjærestefolkene ( Toppen og bolden ) ) is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen about the unrequited love a mahogany top suffers for a leather ball .
Political Process and the Development of the Black Insurgency 1930 - 1970 is a 1982 book by sociologist Doug McAdam ( published by the University of Chicago Press ) .
Cloud Pictures ( 1872 ) is a book by Francis Henry Underwood .
Joseph Andrews , or The History of the Adventures of Joseph Andrews and of his Friend Mr. Abraham Adams , was the first published full - length novel of the English author and magistrate Henry Fielding , and indeed among the first novels in the English language .
The Celestial Omnibus and Other Stories is the title of a collection of short stories by E. M. Forster , first published in 1911 .
The Purchase of the North Pole or Topsy - Turvy ( French : Sans dessus dessous ) is an adventure novel by Jules Verne , published in 1889 .
Man in the Holocene ( 1979 ) is a novella by Swiss author Max Frisch , originally published in German in 1979 , and in English in The New Yorker on May 19 , 1980 ( trans . Geoffrey Skelton ) .
Writing Degree Zero ( French : Le degré zéro de l'écriture ) is a book of literary criticism by Roland Barthes .
His Majesty , McDuck is a 1989 Donald Duck story by Don Rosa , first published in Uncle Scrooge Adventures # 14 .
Revolutionary Wealth is a book written by futurists Alvin Toffler and his wife Heidi Toffler , first published in 2006 by Knopf .
Tiassa is the thirteenth book in Steven Brust 's Vlad Taltos series , set in the fantasy world of Dragaera .
The White Disease ( Czech : Bílá nemoc ) is a play written by Czech novelist Karel Čapek in 1937 .
Rediscovering Homer is a 2006 book by Andrew Dalby .
Ozoplaning with the Wizard of Oz ( 1939 ) is the thirty - third in the series of Oz books created by L. Frank Baum and his successors , and the nineteenth and last written by Ruth Plumly Thompson .
Minions of the Moon is a science fiction novel by author William Gray Beyer , originally serialized in the magazine Argosy in 1939 .
Il Giornalino di Gian Burrasca is an Italian novel by Vamba ( aka Luigi Bertelli ) .
À rebours ( French pronunciation : ​(a ʁə.buʁ ) ; translated Against Nature or Against the Grain ) ( 1884 ) is a novel by the French writer Joris - Karl Huysmans .
James Joseph Magennis VC ( spelling originally McGinnes ) ( 27 October 1919 -- 12 February 1986 ) was a Belfast - born recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
In 2002 , Kvinna Till Kvinna received the Right Livelihood Award .
Group Captain John Marlow Thompson , DSO , DFC , AFC , Royal Air Force , appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Julia Ann ( born October 8 , 1969 ) is the stage name of American pornographic actress , feature dancer and Penthouse Pet Julia Tavella ; she is a member of the AVN Hall of Fame and the XRCO Hall of Fame .
On 7 March 1943 Konstantin Zaslonov was posthumously awarded the title of the `` Hero of the Soviet Union '' for exemplary execution of the Command 's assignments in the fight against German occupiers and for display of valiance and show of heroism ( by Decree of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the USSR ) .
Kerim Kerimov was a Hero of Socialist Labour , laureate of Stalin , Lenin and State prizes of the Soviet Union , lieutenant - general of Soviet Army .
Breaking the Waves won the Grand Prix at the 1996 Cannes Film Festival , the César Award for Best Foreign Film , and three awards at the 1996 European Film Awards , including Film of the Year , International Film Journalists Award , and European Actress of the Year ( Watson ) .
René Belletto ( born 1945 ) is a French writer , and winner of the Prix Femina , 1986 , for L'Enfer .
Dina Džanković ( Serbian : Дина Џанковић ; born 27 October 1986 ) is a Serbian - Bosniak beauty pageant titleholder , who won the title of 2005 Miss Serbia and Montenegro on 18 December 2005 .
Peter - Eberhard Müllensiefen ( 5 August 1912 -- 18 February 2004 ) was a German Luftwaffe reconnaissance pilot and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II . The Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership .
In 1991 Justine Saunders was awarded a Medal of the Order of Australia ( OAM ) , for her services to the performing arts , her services to the National Aboriginal Theatre , and for her assistance in setting up the Black Theatre and the Aboriginal National Theatre Trust .
Lieutenant Colonel Harry Greenwood VC , DSO & Bar , OBE , MC ( 25 November 1881 -- 5 May 1948 ) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Claire Dan was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire ( OBE ) , and in 1986 a Member of the Order of Australia ( AM ) , in recognition of her service to the performing arts .
The Passionate Heart ( French : Léon Morin , prêtre ) is a 1952 novel by Béatrix Beck , which won the Prix Goncourt .
Melvin Morris ( born January 7 , 1942 ) is a U.S. Army veteran of the Vietnam War , a Special Forces Soldier ( `` Green Beret '' ) , and a recipient of the Medal of Honor .
Artturi Ilmari Virtanen ( Finnish : ( ˈɑrtːuri ˈilmɑri ˈʋirtɑnen ) ; 1895 - -1973 ) was a Finnish chemist and recipient of the 1945 Nobel Prize in Chemistry .
Inmarsat won the 2010 MacRobert Award for its Broadband Global Area Network ( BGAN ) service .
Marion Perry Maus ( August 25 , 1850 -- February 2 , 1930 ) was a United States Army Brigadier General who was a recipient of the Medal of Honor for valor in action on January 11 , 1886 in the Sierra Madre Mountains , Mexico .
Janet Dawson ( born 1935 ) is an Australian artist who won the Archibald Prize in 1973 with a portrait of Michael Boddy .
( A./Capt . ) Ernest Charles Hoy is awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross ( DFC ) in recognition of gallantry in flying operations against the enemy in France :
For Gass , it brought a Military Cross gazetted on 16 September 1918 , the citation read : 2nd Lt . Charles George Gass , Lond .
Jeff Wall was named an Officer of the Order of Canada in December 2007 .
Pavel Belyayev was awarded the Hero of the Soviet Union ( 23 March 1965 ) , Order of Lenin , Order of the Red Star , numerous medals and foreign orders .
Ildar Ibragimov ( Tatar : Илдар Ибраһимов , İldar İbrahimov ; Russian : Ильдар Ибрагимов ; born 16 August 1967 ) is a chess Grandmaster .
Josef Rauch ( Feb 27 , 1902 -- Aug. 14 , 1984 ) was a German Colonel during World War II , and a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) .
Ilze Bērziņa ( January 4 , 1984 , Rīga ) is a Latvian chess player who holds the title of Woman Grandmaster ( 2009 ) .
Klaudia Kulon ( born 13 March 1992 ) is a Polish chess player who holds the title of Woman Grandmaster .
Military Cross Temporary Second Lieutenant Josiah Lewis Morgan , RAF .
Krešimir Ćosić ( 26 November 1948 -- 25 May 1995 ) was a Croatian professional basketball player who represented Yugoslavia internationally , a collegiate All - American at Brigham Young University , and a member of FIBA Hall of Fame and Basketball Hall of Fame .
Ivan Nikitich Konev ( Russian : Иван Никитич Конев ; 5 January 1899 -- 19 November 1983 ) was a Soviet Major General during World War II and a Hero of the Soviet Union .
Dr Richard Mead was also a Fellow of the Royal Society and a Freemason ( although it is not known to which lodge he belonged ) .
Arieh Sharon ( Hebrew : אריה שרון‎ ; May 28 , 1900 -- July 24 , 1984 ) was an Israeli architect and winner of the Israel Prize for Architecture in 1962 .
Professor Tawee Rujaneekorn ( Thai : ทวี รัชนีกร ) was in 2005 named a National Artist of Thailand .
Meg Gardiner ( born May 15 , 1957 ) is an Edgar Award - winning American crime writer , who lives in Austin , Texas .
Leopold Karpeles ( 1838 - -1909 ) was a flagbearer in the Union Army who received the Medal of Honor for his actions during the American Civil War .
Petra Schürmann - Freund ( 15 September 1933 -- 14 January 2010 ) was a German actress , model , TV announcer and beauty queen who won Miss World 1956 .
James Costigan ( March 31 , 1926 -- December 19 , 2007 ) was an American television actor and Emmy Award - winning television screenwriter .
Anne Deveson was made a Member of the Order of Australia in 1983 for services to the media and an Officer of the Order of Australia in 1993 for her work in community health and for increasing the public awareness of schizophrenia .
Enrico Dalgas was made a Knight of the Order of the Dannebrog in 1864 , received the Cross of Honour of the Order of the Dannebrog in 1867 , received the Medal of Merit in Gold in 1875 , and was made Commander 1st Class of the Dannebrog in 1887 .
Nadia Sharmeen ( Bengali : নাদিয়া শারমীন ) is a crime reporter from Bangladesh , who in 2015 won the US State Department 's International Women of Courage Award .
In 2011 , in recognition for his writing on the framing and working of the Indian Constitution , Granville Austin was awarded a Padma Shri award , the fourth highest civilian honor of the Republic of India .
Kiai Haji Zainal Mustafa ( 1899 -- 25 October 1944 ) , born Hudaemi , and also known as Zainal Mustofa , was an Indonesian ulama and National Hero of Indonesia .
Brigadier General Francis Aylmer Maxwell VC , CSI , DSO & Bar ( 7 September 1871 -- 21 September 1917 ) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross ( VC ) , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Distinguished Flying Cross Lieutenant ( Acting Captain ) George Everard Gibbons , MC .
Hillary Beyer ( September 28 , 1837 -- September 24 , 1907 ) was an American soldier who fought in the American Civil War and received the U.S. military 's highest decoration , the Medal of Honor , for his actions at the Battle of Antietam on September 17 , 1862 .
Bobby Flay 's Bold American Food ( 1995 ) Daytime Emmy Award nominee for Outstanding Service Show --
Major General Llewelyn Alberic Emilius Price - Davies VC , CB , CMG , DSO ( 30 June 1878 -- 26 December 1965 ) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Ankit Rajpara ( born 27 August 1994 ) is an India 's 36th chess Grandmaster and a chess prodigy from Gujarat .
Rob Akers was a recipient of the Centenary Medal in 2001 for : `` distinguished service to the community through parliament , local government and the Lions Club '' Sometimes incorrectly identified as the author of a widely distributed 1996 paper on religious discrimination in Queensland :
In 1991 , Out of the Past was added to the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being deemed `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant . ''
In 1996 , The Jazz Singer was selected for preservation in the U.S. Library of Congress 's National Film Registry of `` culturally , historically or aesthetically significant '' motion pictures .
Nicholas Harding ( born 1956 ) is an Australian artist who won the Archibald Prize in 2001 with a portrait of John Bell as King Lear .
Guggenheim Fellowship , 1968 Royal Canadian Academy of Arts Canada Post honored Jack Bush with a Canadian postage stamp and a souvenir sheet released on March 20 , 2009 .
Alfonso Almeida Saenz ( born 12 October 1966 ) is a chess International Master from Mexico .
William Beckwith McInnes ( 18 May 1889 -- 9 November 1939 ) was an Australian portrait painter , winner of the Archibald Prize seven times for his traditional style paintings .
Hsu Li Yang ( born 1972 ) is a Singapore chess International Master .
Robert Temple Emmet ( December 13 , 1854 -- October 25 , 1936 ) was a United States Army Colonel who was a recipient of the Medal of Honor for actions while surrounded by a much larger force .
Franz Eckerle ( 24 April 1912 -- 14 February 1942 ) was a German former Luftwaffe fighter ace and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves during World War II . A flying ace or fighter ace is a military aviator credited with shooting down five or more enemy aircraft during aerial combat .
Histoire d'un fait divers ( 1946 ) is a novel by the French author Jean - Jacques Gautier , winning the Prix Goncourt in 1946 .
Karl Gilg ( 20 January 1901 , in Mankovice ( Mankendorf ) , Austrian Silesia -- 4 December 1981 , in Kolbermoor , Bavaria ) was a German chess International Master from Czechoslovakia .
Brigid Pasulka is an American author and winner of the 2010 Hemingway Foundation / PEN Award for her novel A Long , Long Time Ago and Essentially True , which she wrote after spending a year in Krakow , Poland .
Vladislav Nevednichy ( born September 3 , 1969 ) is a Romanian chess Grandmaster ( 1993 ) and Romanian champion in 2008 .
Ning Chunhong ( Chinese : 宁春红 ; born January 21 , 1968 ) is a Chinese chess Woman Grandmaster .
In 1946 she was appointed a Dame Grand Cross of the Order of the British Empire , becoming Dame Clementine Churchill GBE .
Albrecht Kossel , New York Times interview Kossel was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1910 for his research in cell biology , the chemical composition of the cell nucleus , and for his work in isolating and describing nucleic acids .
Albert Palle ( 14 September 1916 Le Havre ( Seine - Maritime ) - 8 March 2007 Paris ) was a French writer , and winner of the 1959 Prix Renaudot .
Vlastimil Jansa was awarded the International Master title in 1965 and became a Grandmaster in 1974 .
Sir Owen Willans Richardson , FRS ( 26 April 1879 -- 15 February 1959 ) was a British physicist who won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1928 for his work on thermionic emission , which led to Richardson 's law .
Mateusz Bartel ( born 3 January 1985 in Warsaw ) is a Polish chess player who holds the title of International Grandmaster ( GM ) .
Žarko Zrenjanin `` Uča '' ( Serbian Cyrillic : Жарко Зрењанин , pronounced ( ʒǎːrkɔ zrɛ̌ɲanin ǔːt͡ʃa ) ; 11 September 1902 in Izbište -- 4 November 1942 in Pavliš ) was a partisan and National Hero of Yugoslavia .
Wanda Bottesi ( born in Innsbruck ) is an Austrian Righteous Among the Nations .
Statue of Griffith and Ron Howard ( as Andy and Opie ) constructed in Pullen Park in Raleigh , North Carolina Andy Griffith signature model guitar commissioned by C.F. Martin & Company 2005 Presidential Medal of Freedom Christian Music Hall of Fame inductee ( class of 2007 ) .
Amy Shuard was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire ( CBE ) .
Walther Hahm ( 21 December 1894 -- 11 August 1951 ) was a German general who held several commands at division and corps level during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves .
Domenico Colombo ( English : Dominic Columbus , Genoese : Domenego Corombo ) ( 1418 - -1496 ) was the father of navigator Christopher Columbus and Bartholomew Columbus .
Ras Desta and Princess Tenagnework were the parents of two sons , Princes Amha and Iskinder Desta ( later Rear Admiral ) , and four daughters , Princesses Aida Desta , Seble Desta , Sophia Desta and Hirut Desta .
Hsu Ta Tung ( 1909 - 1982 ) , was a Chinese business magnate and the father of Daisy Hsu and Rita Fan .
Satyavati bore Shantanu two children , Chitrangada and Vichitravirya .
Hsue - Chu Tsien had three sons , the oldest Richard W. Tsien is a famous neurobiologist at Stanford who 's also member of both the United States National Academy of Sciences and Institute of Medicine ; the youngest - Roger Y. Tsien is a cell biologist who is the 2008 Nobel Chemistry Prize Laureate .
According to the saga Fáistine Fergaile meic Máele Dúin ( `` Fergal mac Máele Dúin 's Prophecy '' ) his son Áed Allán was born by a daughter of the high king Congal Cendmagair in an illicit union while the mother of his son Niall Frossach was of the Ciannachta .
Halmir was the son of Haldan and had four children : sons Haldir and Hundar , and daughters Hareth and Hiril .
Phanuel ( Greek : Φανουήλ , Hebrew : פְּנוּאֵל‎ Phənū’êl ) , also known as Penuel or Penueul , was the father of Anna the prophetess .
Sprota was the name of a Breton captive who William I , Duke of Normandy took as a wife in the Viking fashion ( more danico ) and by her had a son , Richard I , Duke of Normandy .
Alan II , Earl of Menteith married an unknown lady , by whom he had a daughter Mary II , Countess of Menteith .
Sune Bergström was the father of the evolutionary geneticist Svante Pääbo and of the businessman Rurik Bergström ( both born 1955 ) .
Thrasyvoulos Zaimis was the father of Alexandros Zaimis , also a Prime Minister of Greece .
Minkhaung II died in April 1501 and was succeeded by his younger son Shwenankyawshin ( Narapati II ) .
One day , Poseidon , filled with lust for Tyro , disguised himself as Enipeus , and from their union were born the heroes Pelias and Neleus , twin boys .
They had two sons , John Murdoch Harbert IV ( born with William 's Syndrome ) and Raymond J. Harbert ( who founded Harbert Management Corporation in 1993 ) , and a daughter , Marguerite Harbert Gray .
Heinrich Marx ( 15 April 1777 , Saarlouis -- 10 May 1838 , Trier ) was a lawyer and the father of the socialist philosopher Karl Marx .
In Greek mythology , Teleon ( Τελέων , gen . Τελέοντος ) was known as the father of two of the Argonauts , Butes and Eribotes .
Nizam Bai Sahiba ( before 1631 - 1692 ) was a Queen of Mughal emperor Bahadur Shah I and Jahandar Shah 's mother .
This daughter , Mary Wollstonecraft Godwin , became an accomplished writer herself , as Mary Shelley , the author of Frankenstein .
Jan Sanders van Hemessen trained his daughter Catharina van Hemessen who became a successful portrait painter .
In 925 , Wang Shenzhi grew ill , and he put his oldest son Wang Yanhan , then the deputy military governor of Weiwu , in charge of the affairs of the state .
Besides Bajaj Auto Ltd , the other major companies in the group include Mukand Ltd , Bajaj Electricals Ltd and Bajaj Hindusthan Ltd. One of his grandsons , Rahul Bajaj , runs the family flagship company , Bajaj Auto . Several institutions in India bears his name , including the Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies .
Heather also ignored the fact that all Hunnic rulers before Attila , as well his father Mundzuk , paternal uncles Octar , Ruga and Oebarsius , wife Kreka , father - in - law Eskam , and sons Ellac , Dengizich and Ernak , have names of Turkic origin .
In the tale Daedalion , grief - stricken following the death of his daughter Chione , attempts to cast himself off Mount Parnassus only to be transformed into a hawk by Apollo .
Edith Frank ( née Holländer ; 16 January 1900 -- 6 January 1945 ) was the mother of Holocaust diarist Anne Frank .
Sabika bint Ibrahim Al Khalifa ( born in Muharraq in 1948 ) is the Queen consort of Bahrain as the first wife of the present King of Bahrain , Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa , and the mother of the Crown Prince , Salman bin Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa .
In 1908 , Menelik 's grandson and heir , Lij Iyasu married Sabla Wangel Hailu , the daughter of Hailu Tekle Haymanot .
Kilpatrick had five children : actor and composer Lincoln Kilpatrick , Jr. ; writer , director and actor DaCarla Kilpatrick ; actor and director Erik Kilpatrick ; actor Jozella Reed ; and producer Marjorie L. Kilpatrick .
Elis Strömgren 's son was the astronomer Bengt Strömgren , who succeeded his father in Copenhagen in 1940 .
Demaratus ( Greek : Δημάρατος ) , frequently called Demaratus of Corinth , was the father of Lucius Tarquinius Priscus , the fifth King of Rome , and the grandfather or great - grandfather of Lucius Tarquinius Superbus , the seventh and last Roman king .
Nick Begich had six children , named Mark , Nichelle , Tom , Stephanie , Paul , and Nick Jr. His son Mark Begich was the junior U.S. Senator from Alaska .
Amandil is most noted for being the father of Elendil , founder of the Númenórean Realms in Exile .
Nguyễn Phúc Luân or Nguyễn Phúc Côn ( 阮福㫻 , 1733 - -1765 ) was a son of lord Nguyễn Phúc Khoát and father of Nguyễn Phúc Ánh ( future emperor Gia Long of Vietnam ) .
Lucy Walter or Lucy Barlow ( c. 1630 -- 1658 ) was a mistress of King Charles II of England and mother of James Scott , 1st Duke of Monmouth .
Thomas Turpin Crittenden ( October 16 , 1825 -- September 5 , 1905 ) was a Union general in the American Civil War .
Horatio Nelson Young ( July 19 , 1845 -- July 3 , 1913 ) was a United States Navy sailor who received the Medal of Honor for his actions on the USS Lehigh during the American Civil War .
Richard Conner ( December 23 , 1843 - -November 4 , 1923 ) was an American Civil War Union Army soldier who received the Medal of Honor for his bravery in action .
Bruno Sutkus ( Lithuanian : Bronius Sutkus , 14 May 1924 -- 29 August 2003 ) was a Lithuanian - German sniper in the 68th Infantry Division of the German Army , on the Eastern Front of World War II , and was credited with 209 kills .
Waldemar Mehl ( 7 September 1914 in Grävenwiesbach , Hesse--29 March 1996 in Wiesbaden ) was a German U - boat commander during World War II , and recipient of the ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) .
Cecil Clay ( February 13 , 1842 -- September 23 , 1903 ) was captain of Company K in the 58th Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry Regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Gonzalo Queipo de Llano y Sierra , 1st Marquis of Queipo de Llano ( February 5 , 1875 -- March 9 , 1951 ) was a Spanish military leader who rose to prominence during Francisco Franco 's coup d'état and the subsequent Spanish Civil War .
Sidronio Camacho was one of the soldiers of Emiliano Zapata during the Mexican Revolution , and the killer of Emiliano 's brother , Eufemio .
Alonzo Watson ( 1891 --1937 ) was an American anti - Fascist , historically famous as one of the first American anti - Fascist volunteers --as well as the first African American --to fall on the field of battle during the Spanish Civil War ( 1936 - 1939 ) .
Claude - Henri Belgrand de Vaubois ( 1 October 1748 in Ville - sous - la - Ferté , Aube -- 5 November 1839 ) was a French general during the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars .
Cayetano Valdés y Flores Bazán ( 1767 - -1835 ) was a commander of the Spanish Navy , explorer , and captain general who served in the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars , fighting for both sides at different times due to the changing fortunes of Spain in the conflict .
Despite the introduction of the Remington Model 700 rifle , the pre ' 64 Winchester Model 70 was still used by the US Marine Corps ' scout / sniper teams during the Vietnam War alongside the Remington Model 700 rifle .
Youcef Zighoud : ( in Arabic : يوسف زيغود February 18 , 1921 - September 25 , 1956 ) was an Algerian FLN party fighter during the Algerian War .
Collett Leventhorpe ( May 15 , 1815 -- December 1 , 1889 ) was a brigadier general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War .
In 659 Ali 's forces and the Kharijites met in the Battle of Nahrawan .
Commodore Arthur Sinclair ( 28 February 1780 -- 7 February 1831 ) was an early American naval hero , who served in the U.S. Navy during the Quasi - War with France , the First Barbary War and in the War of 1812 .
Gustav Schubert ( 11 November 1916 -- 16 January 1945 ) was a highly decorated Oberleutnant in the Luftwaffe during World War II , and one of only 882 recipients of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves .
Michael Strank ( November 10 , 1919 -- March 1 , 1945 ) was a United States Marine Corps sergeant who fought in the Pacific during World War II and was killed in action during the battle of Iwo Jima .
Peter Strasser ( 1 April 1876 -- 5 August 1918 ) was chief commander of German Imperial Navy Zeppelins during World War I , the main force operating bombing campaigns from 1915 to 1917 .
The Fiat CR.32 was an Italian biplane fighter used in the Spanish Civil War and World War II . This nimble little Fiat was compact , robust and highly manoeuvrable and gave impressive displays all over Europe in the hands of the Pattuglie Acrobatiche .
Harold Huston George ( 14 September 1892 -- 29 April 1942 ) was a general officer in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II . He began his military career before World War I when he enlisted as a private in the 3rd New York Infantry Regiment .
Chief adjutant François Delzenne was a World War I flying ace credited with seven aerial victories .
Ludwig Bieringer ( 1892 - -1975 ) was a German general during World War II . A lifelong professional soldier , he served his country as a junior officer in World War I , a staff officer in the inter - war period and a brigade - level commander during World War II .
James E. Earheart , Jr. , ( 1913 - -1942 ) , was a United States Marine killed in action during World War II who received the Silver Star posthumously for his actions .
Patrick Joseph Walsh ( 1908 - -1942 ) was a United States Navy officer killed in action during World War II who received the Silver Star posthumously for his actions .
Major - General August von Kruse ( 1779 in Wiesbaden , Nassau ( modern - day Germany ) -- January 1848 ) , was a general in the army of the Duke of Nassau during the Napoleonic Wars and an experimental farmer in his retirement .
Viktor Weber Edler von Webenau ( * 13 November 1861 in Neuhaus ; † 6 May 1932 in Innsbruck ) , General in the Austro - Hungarian Army during World War I , military governor of Montenegro between 1916 and 1917 and head of the Austro - Hungarian armistice commission ( Armistice of villa Giusti . )
William B. Poole ( 1833 - -1904 ) was an American sailor who received the Medal of Honor for valor in action during the American Civil War .
However , when the United Kingdom entered World War II , the .55 Boys round was soon found to be lacking against even the tanks used by enemy forces in 1939 .
Jean François Leval ( 18 April 1762 -- 7 August 1834 ) was promoted to general officer during the French Revolutionary Wars and led a division in a number of battles during the Napoleonic Wars .
Juan Hernández Saravia ( Ledesma , Spain , 1880 - -Mexico , 1962 ) was a high - ranking Spanish military officer of the Republican government forces during the Spanish Civil War .
Ahmed Zabana ( Arabic : أحمد زبانة‎ ) ( real name : Ahmed Zahana ) , born in 1926 in El Ksar , near Zahana about 32 km far from Oran , was an Algerian militant who participated in the outbreak of the Algerian War of liberation .
Alan Seeger ( 22 June 1888 -- 4 July 1916 ) was an American poet who fought and died in World War I during the Battle of the Somme serving in the French Foreign Legion .
John A. Poindexter ( October 12 , 1825 -- April 14 , 1869 ) was a colonel in the Confederate Army during the American Civil War .
Corporal Frederick John Knowles MM ( born 1895 in Nairn , Moray , Scotland ; date of death unknown ) was a Scottish World War I flying ace credited with seven aerial victories .
Captain Albert Gregory Waller MC was an Irish - born World War I flying ace credited with 11 confirmed victories .
Thornton A. Jenkins ( 11 December 1811 -- 9 August 1893 ) was an officer in the United States Navy , who served during the Mexican - American War and the American Civil War .
Maria van Schooten ( 1555 - -73 ) was a Dutch heroine from the Eighty Years ' War .
Robert Latimer McCook ( December 28 , 1827 - August 6 , 1862 ) was a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War who was killed by Confederate partisans in Alabama .
Horatio L. Birdsall ( 1833 - -November 29 , 1891 ) was a sergeant who served the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Addison Hiatt Sanders ( September 13 , 1823 -- November 7 , 1912 ) was a newspaper editor who joined the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Lieutenant - General Friedrich Wilhelm Magnus Heinrich Walter von Eberhardt ( 7 January 1862 - 7 January 1944 ) , generally known as Walter von Eberhardt , was a German military commander during World War I and the Lithuanian--
Henry Brainerd McClellan ( October 17 , 1840 - -October 1 , 1904 ) was an officer and adjutant general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War ( Civil War ) , a teacher and author .
Frederick Muller ( March 29 , 1861 -- June 9 , 1946 ) was a sailor serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish-- American War who received the Medal of Honor for bravery .
Sergeant Frederick Jarvis ( 1841 -- April 8 , 1894 ) was an American soldier in the United States Army who served with the 1st U.S. Cavalry regiment during the Apache Wars .
Charles H. Foy ( 1809 -- 30 May 1866 ) was a sailor in the U.S. Navy during the American Civil War .
Jean Vallette d'Osia ( 16 August 1898 - 28 February 2000 ) was a French officer best known for his action in the French Resistance during World War II in Haute - Savoie , notably supervising the liberation of Lyon .
Sabine Ulibarrí served his country in World War II with the U.S. Army Air Corps .
The initial T-34 version had a powerful 76.2 mm gun , and is often called the T-34/76 ( originally a World War II German designation ) .
Joseph S. Manning ( April 13 , 1845 -- December 27 , 1905 ) was a private in the United States Army and a Medal of Honor recipient for his role in the American Civil War .
Gerhard Bielig ( 28 April 1916 -- 29 September 2004 ) was a German U - boat engineer ( Ing . ) in World War II and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) .
Samuel Hood , 1st Viscount Hood ( 12 December 1724 -- 27 January 1816 ) was a British admiral known particularly for his service in the American Revolutionary War and French Revolutionary Wars .
Admiral Sir Manley Laurence Power KCB , CBE , DSO & Bar , DL ( 10 January 1904 -- 17 May 1981 ) was a Royal Navy Admiral who fought in World War II as a Captain and later rose to more senior ranks , including the NATO position Allied Commander - in - Chief , Channel .
Colonel Reginald Clive Gallop ( 4 February 1892 - 7 September 1960 ) was a World War I pilot , racing driver and race engineer .
Mitchell Red Cloud , Jr. ( 2 July 1925 -- 5 November 1950 ) was a Marine in the United States Marine Corps during World War II , and later a soldier in the United States Army during the Korean War .
Joseph Dana Webster was a United States civil engineer and soldier most noted for administrative services during the American Civil War , where he served as chief of staff to both Ulysses S. Grant and William T. Sherman .
Morgan Henry Chrysler ( September 30 , 1822 -- August 24 , 1890 ) was an American soldier who served as a Union Army general during the American Civil War .
Wallace Pike ( 22 December 1899 -- 11 April 1999 ) was the last known Newfoundland World War I veteran .
The 7th Indian Infantry Division was a war - formed infantry division , part of the Indian Army during World War II that saw service in the Burma Campaign .
Heinz Polz ( 6 November 1916 -- 27 May 2007 ) was an Oberwachtmeister in the Luftwaffe during World War II , and a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
The Battle of San Francisco , also known as the Battle of Dolores , was a major battle in the Tarapacá Campaign of the War of the Pacific , fought on November 19 , 1879 , in the Peruvian department of Tarapacá .
James McCormack , Jr. ( 8 November 1910 -- 3 January 1975 ) was a United States Army officer who served in World War II , and was later the first Director of Military Applications of the United States Atomic Energy Commission .
AW Canum Venaticorum ( AW CVn ) is a star in the constellation Canes Venatici .
OGLE - TR-211 is a distant magnitude 14 star located about 17,000 light years away in the constellation of Carina .
HR 3803 or N Velorum ( N Vel ) is a 3rd - magnitude star on the border between the southern constellations Carina and Vela .
NGC 4036 is the New General Catalogue identifier for a lenticular galaxy in the northern circumpolar constellation of Ursa Major .
HD 117207 is a star located approximately 108 light years away in the constellation Centaurus .
Alpha Hydri ( α Hyi , α Hydri ) is the second brightest star in the southern circumpolar constellation of Hydrus .
Lambda Tauri ( λ Tau , λ Tauri ) is a triple star system in the constellation Taurus .
Nu Aquarii ( ν Aqr , ν Aquarii ) is the Bayer designation for a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius .
52 Herculis ( 52 Her ) is a star in the constellation Hercules .
Kepler-18 is a star with almost the same mass as the Sun in the Cygnus constellation with 3 confirmed planets , announced in 2011 .
98 Herculis ( 98 Her ) is a star in the constellation Hercules .
Omega Capricorni ( ω Cap , ω Capricorni ) is a star in the constellation Capricornus , with the traditional but seldom used name Baten Algiedi , which is Arabic for `` belly of the goat '' .
R Corvi ( R Crv ) is a Mira variable star in the constellation Corvus , which ranges from a magnitude of 6.7 to 14.4 with a period of approximately 317 days .
HD 91942 , also known as r Carinae ( r Car ) , is a star in the constellation Carina .
Rho Indi ( Bright Star designation HR 8701 ) is a yellow subgiant star in the constellation Indus .
Xi Serpentis ( ξ Ser , ξ Serpentis ) is a triple star system in the constellation Serpens .
NGC 3766 is an open star cluster in the southern constellation Centaurus .
NGC 5750 is a barred spiral galaxy with an active galactic nucleus in the constellation Virgo .
Lambda Virginis ( λ Vir , λ Virginis ) is a binary star in the constellation Virgo .
Alpha Pyxidis ( Alpha Pyx , α Pyxidis , α Pyx ) is a giant star in the constellation Pyxis .
WISE 1738 + 2732 ( full designation WISEPA J173835.53 + 273258.9 ) is a brown dwarf of spectral class Y0 , located in constellation Hercules at 25.5 light - years from Earth .
Rho Centauri ( ρ Cen , ρ Centauri ) is a star in the southern constellation of Centaurus .
NGC 2207 and IC 2163 are a pair of colliding spiral galaxies about 80 million light - years away in the constellation Canis Major .
V744 Centauri , is a semi - regular variable pulsating star in the constellation Centaurus .
56 Aquarii ( abbreviated 56 Aqr ) is a star in the constellation of Aquarius .
NGC 3169 is a spiral galaxy about 75 million light years away in the constellation Sextans .
32 Boötis ( 32 Boo ) is a star in the constellation Boötes .
V391 Pegasi b , also known as HS 2201 + 2610 b , is an extrasolar planet orbiting the star V391 Pegasi approximately 4570 light - years away in the constellation of Pegasus .
Kapteyn 's Star is a class M1 red dwarf about 12.76 light years from Earth in the southern constellation Pictor , and the closest halo star to the Solar System .
Messier 91 ( also known as NGC 4548 or M91 ) is a barred spiral galaxy located in the Coma Berenices constellation and is part of the Virgo Cluster of galaxies .
HD 209458 b ( sometimes unofficially called Osiris ) is an exoplanet that orbits the solar analog HD 209458 in the constellation Pegasus , some 150 light - years from the Solar System .
NGC 67 is an elliptical galaxy in the constellation Andromeda that was discovered on October 7 , 1855 by R. J. Mitchell , who described it as `` extremely faint , very small , round '' .
NGC 6217 is a barred spiral galaxy located some 67 million light years away , in the constellation Ursa Minor .
HD 148156 is an 8th magnitude G - type main sequence star located approximately 168 light years away in the constellation Norma .
WR 22 , also known as V429 Carinae or HR 4188 , is a Wolf - Rayet ( WR ) star in the constellation Carina .
L 97 - 12 ( or WD 0752 - 676 , or LHS 34 , or Gliese 293 ) is a nearby degenerate star ( white dwarf ) , located in the constellation Volans , the single known component of the system .
9 Boötis is a variable star in the constellation Boötes .
EQ Pegasi is a system of two red dwarf stars of spectral types M3.5V and M4.5V , located in constellation Pegasus at 20 light - years from Earth .
Kepler-23b is an exoplanet orbiting Kepler-23 , located in the Cygnus constellation .
NGC 4217 is an edge - on spiral galaxy which lies approximately 60 million light - years ( 18 million parsecs ) away in the constellation of Canes Venatici .
NGC 4314 is a barred spiral galaxy approximately 40 million light - years away in the constellation Coma Berenices .
NGC 2371 - 2 is a dual lobed planetary nebula located in the constellation Gemini .
Gamma Scuti ( γ Sct , γ Scuti ) is a star in the constellation Scutum .
DX Cancri is the variable star identifier for a small star in the northern zodiac constellation of Cancer the crab .
GD 165 is a system of a white dwarf and a brown dwarf of spectral types DA4 + L4 , located in constellation Boötes at approximately 103 light - years from Earth .
HD 290327 is a 9th magnitude G - type subgiant star located approximately 180 light years away in the constellation Orion .
HD 171301 and BD+30 ° 3223B are two components of a binary star system in the constellation Lyra , approximately 370 light years away from Earth .
NGC 248 is an emission nebula in the Constellation Tucana .
NGC 7026 is a planetary nebula located 6000 light years away , in the constellation of Cygnus .
Nu Geminorum ( ν Gem ) is a star in the constellation Gemini .
67 Aquarii ( abbreviated 67 Aqr ) is a star in the constellation of Aquarius .
100 Aquarii ( abbreviated 100 Aqr ) is a star in the constellation of Aquarius .
Palomar 6 is a loose globular cluster in the constellation Ophiuchus that belongs to the halo of the Milky Way galaxy .
NGC 6881 is a planetary nebula , located in the constellation of Cygnus .
HD 70573 is a 9th magnitude star approximately 149 light - years away in the constellation of Hydra .
SN 1979C was a supernova about 50 million light - years away in Messier 100 , a spiral galaxy in the constellation Coma Berenices .
OGLE - TR-211b is a transiting planet in Carina constellation .
NGC 6207 is a spiral galaxy located in the constellation Hercules .
65 Arietis ( abbreviated 65 Ari ) is a star in the northern constellation of Aries .
NGC 86 is a lenticular galaxy estimated to be between 275 and 300 million light - years away in the constellation of Andromeda .
WASP-44 is a G - type star in constellation Cetus that has the Jupiter - size planet WASP-44b in orbit .
HD 63765 is an 8th - magnitude G - type main sequence star located approximately 106 light years away in the constellation Carina .
HU Delphini is a system of two red dwarf stars of spectral type M4.5V , located in constellation Delphinus at 28.9 light - years from Earth .
IC 348 is a star forming region in the constellation Perseus located about 315 parsecs from the Sun . It consists of nebulosity and an associated 2-million - year - old cluster of roughly 400 stars within an angular diameter of 20 `` .
VHK 83 ( Var 83 in the VHK survey ) is a luminous blue variable ( LBV ) in the constellation Triangulum , in the Triangulum Galaxy .
HD 221525 is a subgiant star near the north celestial pole in the constellation Cepheus .
X Persei is a binary star system located in the constellation Perseus .
NGC 2294 is an elliptical galaxy within the constellation Gemini , discovered by George Johnstone Stoney on February 22 , 1849 .
Zeta Doradus A is a bright , high proper motion star with a spectral type of F7V , meaning that it is a main sequence star that is hotter and brighter than the Sun . With an apparent magnitude of 4.82 , it is approximately the eight brightest star in the constellation of Dorado .
Delta Centauri ( δ Cen , δ Centauri ) is a star in the southern constellation of Centaurus .
UX Tauri , abbreviated as UX Tau , is a binary star system approximately 450 light - years away in the constellation of Taurus ( the Bull ) .
Pudding Butte ( 75 ° 52′S 159 ° 59′E ) is a butte in Antarctica , standing 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) southwest of Beta Peak , in the Prince Albert Mountains , Oates Land , close to the boundary with Victoria Land .
Goodell Glacier ( 72 ° 55′S 88 ° 30′W ) is a glacier about 5 nautical miles ( 9 km ) long flowing east and north from Fletcher Peninsula into the Williams Ice Stream , Antarctica .
Kaye Crest ( 72 ° 6′S 4 ° 24′E ) is a ridge lying between the Preuschoff Range and the Gablenz Range in the Mühlig - Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land , Antarctica .
Strahan Glacier ( 67 ° 38′S 64 ° 37′E ) is a glacier flowing north into the sea 1.5 nautical miles ( 2.8 km ) west of Stevens Rock , midway between Cape Daly and Cape Fletcher , Antarctica .
The Ferguson Nunataks ( 73 ° 33′S 63 ° 48′W ) are a nunatak group lying between the heads of Meinardus Glacier and Swann Glacier in Palmer Land , Antarctica .
RNAS Boaz Island ( HMS Malabar ) was a Royal Naval Air Station in Bermuda .
Wólka Tarnowska - Osada ( ˈvulka tarˈnɔfska ɔˈsada ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Punanai ( Tamil : புனானை ) is a small hamlet in Sri Lanka , made famous in 1920 by a man - eating leopard .
The Primera Junta or First Assembly is the most common name given to the first independent government of Argentina .
Bsalim ( Arabic : بصاليم‎ ) is a village in the Matn District in Mount Lebanon Governorate in Lebanon .
Let 's Get Inventin ' is a New Zealand reality television series that takes young inventors ( aged under 15 ) and helps them to create inventions .
Sen kväll med Luuk ( Late night with Luuk ) was one of Sweden 's and TV4 's most popular talk shows ever and started airing in 1996 .
Electro Spectre is a Norwegian electronic music duo from Oslo , Norway .
Meena Iyer of The Times of India gave the film 3 stars in a scale of 5 , stating that `` You can not fault the scale of Ek Villain or berate its lead star cast .
Chhota Chetan is a 1998 Hindi dubbed release of the 1984 Malayalam film My Dear Kuttichathan , which was India 's first 3D film .
Green Snake ( 青蛇 , literal Chinese title : The Teal / Green Snake ) is a 1993 Hong Kong fantasy film made by Tsui Hark .
Rhythm of a Crime ( Croatian : Ritam zločina ) is a Croatian film released in Yugoslavia in 1981 , directed by Zoran Tadić , starring Ivica Vidović and Fabijan Šovagović .
Our Own Oslo was the highest grossing film for 2011 in Iceland theatres .
Chaudhary Karnail Singh is a 1960 Indian Punjabi movie based in the pre - partition times of India .
The House of Obsessive Compulsives is a 2005 television documentary broadcast by Channel 4 in the United Kingdom .
Butler Parker was the brainchild of the very successful and productive author Günther Dönges ( * 1923 ; † August 2001 ) who often used Anglo - Saxon aliases due to the in Germany widespread opinion that only Anglo - Saxons could write entertaining good crime stories .
Game pies were consumed by the wealthy in the days of the Roman Empire .
The Killian Curse is a New Zealand kidult horror - fantasy television show , directed by Thomas Robins and Wayne Vinton .
My Mother Was Murdered by a Suicide Bomber is a TV documentary about the killing of Perla Hermele in Park Hotel in Netanya , Israel in March 2002 as part of the Passover massacre .
Meet the Feebles is a 1989 New Zealand musical black comedy film directed by Peter Jackson , and written by Jackson , Fran Walsh , Stephen Sinclair , and Danny Mulheron .
Jenny and the Soldier is one of the ten films listed in Denmark 's cultural canon by the Danish Ministry of Culture .
The Bündner Nusstorte ( Graubünden nut pastry ) , also known as Engadiner Nusstorte , is a traditional sweet , caramelised nut - filled pastry ( generally walnut ) from canton Graubünden in Switzerland .
Star Industry are a gothic rock band formed in 1996 in Belgium .
Himalaya Singh ( simplified Chinese : 喜马拉亚星 ; traditional Chinese : 喜馬拉亞星 ) is a 2005 Hong Kong comedy film co - written and directed by Wai Ka - fai and starring Lau Ching - wan , Ronald Cheng , Francis Ng , Cherrie Ying and Gauri Karnik , with a special appearance by Cecilia Cheung .
What I Wrote is a TV series broadcast on ABCTV 1 in Australia .
Clans of Intrigue is a 1977 Hong Kong wuxia film adapted from Fragrance in the Sea of Blood of Gu Long 's Chu Liuxiang novel series .
Bride Flight is a 2008 film about three women and one man from the Netherlands , who all start new lives in New Zealand .
Pålægschokolade is found primarily in Denmark .
The financial success of Komaligal gave the belief to other producers that they could produce successful Tamil cinema in Sri Lanka .
Traditional Balsamic Vinegar ( or Aceto Balsamico Tradizionale ) is a costly type of balsamic vinegar produced in the Emilia Romagna region of Italy .
Cooperl Arc Atlantique ( a.k.a . Cooperl ) is the largest pork processing company in France .
The Guard Post ( GP 506 in South Korea ) is a 2008 Korean horror film written and directed by Kong Su - chang .
Justice Sung II ( 狀王宋世傑(貳 ) ) is a Hong Kong television series .
10th District Court ( French : 10e Chambre -- Instants d'audience ) is a 2004 documentary film from France , directed by Raymond Depardon .
Slam Creepers were a rock band from Vansbro , Sweden formed by Björn Skifs in 1962 and broke up in 1969 .
Carlo J. Caparas ' Bangis ( lit . Ferocity ) is Philippine TV 's first higante - serye and another primetime offering aired on Philippines by TV5 and starred by Oyo Boy Sotto , Danita Paner and child actor BJ Go .
After the defeat of Nazi Germany , Drei Unteroffiziere was included in the list of forbidden films , and nowadays its screening is only allowed for `` special educational purposes '' .
A Tom Turbo television series appears in Austria on ORF1 .
Elisa di Rivombrosa is an Italian television series partly inspired by the 1740 novel Pamela , or Virtue Rewarded of a love story in 17th century Italy between Fabrizio Ristori , a young Italian Count , and his mother 's maid , Elisa .
Small Town Murder Songs was shot in Conestogo Lake , Listowel , Baden , Ontario and Palmerston in Ontario , Canada .
Chilli crab ( Chinese : 辣椒螃蟹 ; pinyin : là jiāo páng xiè ) is a Singaporean seafood dish popular in Singapore and Malaysia .
Esperanto was created in the late 1870s and early 1880s by L. L. Zamenhof , a Polish - Jewish ophthalmologist from Białystok , then part of the Russian Empire .
Chandrahasa ( Kannada : ಚ೦ದ್ರಹಾಸ/ച൦ദ്രഹാസ ) was the king of Kuntala kingdom which roughly consisted of parts of north of present - day Karnataka and south of Maharashtra , India , including Gokarna region .
The Misunderstanding ( French : Le Malentendu ) , sometimes published as Cross Purpose , is a play written in 1943 in occupied France by Albert Camus .
Thomasleeha or St. Thomas is a 1975 Malayalam historical drama film based on the life of St. Thomas the Apostle and his missionary work in India .
The Steamie is available to view in full on the STV Player in Scotland .
The Voorman Problem is a 2013 British short film produced by Honlodge Productions from the United Kingdom , in association with Pipedream Pictures ( UK ) .
Quantum Love was fimed in Paris , France .
Kozhukatta ( Malayalam : കൊഴുക്കട്ട ) or Kozhukkattai ( Tamil : கொழுக்கட்டை ) is a popular South Indian sweet dumpling made from rice flour , with a filling of grated coconut and jaggery , and is similar to Modak made in other parts of India .
Rockabilly 514 is a 2008 Canadian feature documentary directed by Patricia Chica ( Canada ) and Mike Wafer ( England ) .
The Benelli MR1 is a rifle developed and manufactured by the Benelli Armi SpA of Italy .
Al Motazawegoon ( المتزوجون , `` The Married Couples '' ) is an Arabic play , conceived , produced and performed in the various theaters of Egypt .
On the Other Side of the Tracks ( French : De l'autre côté du périph ) is a French comedy released in France on December 19 , 2012 , and picked up for US distribution by The Weinstein Company .
Once Upon a Time in China is a 1991 Hong Kong martial arts film written and directed by Tsui Hark , starring Jet Li as Chinese folk hero Wong Fei - hung .
Renoir 's career in France was at its pinnacle in 1939 and The Rules of the Game was eagerly anticipated ; however , its premiere was met with scorn and disapproval by both critics and audiences .
To Commit a Murder ( France : Peau d'espion , Germany : Der grausame Job , Italy : Congiura di spie ) is a 1967 French - German - Italian spy movie starring Louis Jourdan .
Swedish Sign Language ( Svenskt teckenspråk or STS ) is the sign language used in Sweden .
Fist of Legend is a 1994 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Gordon Chan , and features action choreography by Yuen Woo - ping , and produced by Jet Li , who also starred in the lead role .
Clash of Loyalties ( Arabic : Al - Mas'ala Al - Kubra‎ , aka The Great Question ) is a 1983 Iraqi film focusing on the formation of Iraq out of Mesopotamia in the aftermath of the First World War .
Fourme d'Ambert is one of France 's oldest cheeses , and dates from as far back as Roman times .
L'Occitane en Provence ( French pronunciation : ​(lɔk.si.tan ɑ̃ pʁɔ.vɑ̃s ) ) and commonly known as L'Occitane , is an international retailer of body , face , fragrances and home products based in Manosque , France .
The RPG-43 ( for ruchnaya protivotankovaya granata meaning `` hand - held anti - tank grenade '' ) was a high explosive anti - tank ( HEAT ) hand grenade used by the Soviet Union during the Second World War .
The first season of the Australian series ( listed in local TV guides as The Secret Millionaire Australia , to prevent confusion with the US version which had been broadcast earlier that year ) aired in 2009 on the Nine Network .
Big Bullet ( Chinese : 衝鋒隊怒火街頭 ; pinyin : Chong feng dui nu huo jie tou ) is a 1996 Hong Kong action film directed , produced and co - written by Benny Chan .
The Nation with David Speers is an Australian television program on Sky News Australia .
Melodifestivalen 1986 was the selection for the 26th song to represent Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest .
The Bobobobs stories were originally published by Standaard Uitgeverij in Belgium , with later animation and merchandising produced by Toei Animation and BRB Internacional in Spain .
In the Alleys of Love ( Persian : در کوچه های عشق ‎ , Dar Koocheha - ye Eshgh ) is an Iranian war film about Khorramshahr shortly after the Iran--
The Terrible Thunderlizards is a segment that aired in Canada on YTV and in the United States as part of Eek !
The Tuner ( Russian : Настройщик , Nastroyshchik ) is a 2004 Ukraine / Russia mix film of art house grotesque and a sting comedy .
Kung Fu Soccer ( Chinese:功夫足球 ) is a Hong Kong television drama series that aired on TVB from December 6 , 2004 to January 9 , 2005 .
Unna ja Nuuk is a Finnish film for the whole family that debuted in Finland on 20 January 2006 .
The Tupolev Tu-28 ( NATO reporting name Fiddler ) was a long - range interceptor aircraft introduced by the Soviet Union in the 1960s .
The Times of India gave the film 4/5 and wrote , `` Vaayai Moodi Pesavum is truly an ambitious effort , at least by Indian cinema standards , and what 's truly heartening is that Balaji Mohan succeeds in his attempt .
Pea soup is a common dish throughout Germany .
Originally filmed in 1981 , Blind Chance was suppressed by the Polish authorities for several years until its delayed release in Poland on 10 January 1987 .
These four episodes will bring the `` Ramsay 's Kitchen Nightmares '' franchise , which exists in the United States and the United Kingdom , to an end .
Rubbery Figures was a satirical rubber puppet series that screened in Australia in various forms from 1984 to 1990 .
Mortified is an Australian children 's television series , co - produced by the Australian Children 's Television Foundation and Enjoy Entertainment for the Nine Network Australia , Disney Australia and the BBC .
Based on an online poll by The Times of India , Vetri Maaran was chosen as the best director for Aadukalam .
English muffins are commonly available in the United Kingdom , Australia , Canada , New Zealand .
More4 News was a daily news programme on the More4 digital television channel in the United Kingdom , airing Monday to Friday from 8.00pm to 8.30pm from 2005 to 2009 .
Himmelblå ( in English : Skyblue ) is a Norwegian drama series which aired on NRK1 in Norway , on SVT in Sweden and on RÚV in Iceland .
Dakbokkeumtang is assumed to be originated from Pyongyang and northwestern area in South Korea during the 20th century , and a lot of controversies aroused with its name .
Solar Attack under its original working title , Solar Strike , was shot in Hamilton and Toronto , Canada .
Agri Tayo Dito is a livelihood program of ABS - CBN Regional Network Group stations in the Philippines , produced by ABS - CBN Davao .
Wako Wako is a Philippine fantasy drama series that airs on ABS - CBN in the Philippines .
In 2013 , The Iran Job was short - listed for the Germany Academy Award .
Festen is best known for being the first Dogme 95 film ( its full title in Denmark is Dogme # 1 -- Festen ) .
The Archer Artillery System or Archer - FH77BW L52 is an international project aimed at developing a next - generation self - propelled artillery system for Sweden and Norway .
Machuca performed well in theaters in Chile , but did not have notable box office success outside of Latin America .
Louise Noblet keeps a small hotel , the Pension Mimosas , on the Côte d'Azur in the south of France , with her husband Gaston who is also a supervisor in local casino .
Ein Kessel Buntes ( `` A Kettle of Colour '' ) was a television variety show in the former East Germany .
Many different regional specialty recipes for Eintopf are known in Germany ; for example , the Kassel area has a type called Lumpen und Fleeh ( `` rags and fleas '' in the local dialect ) , which is quite similar to Irish stew .
Speckkuchen is a type of quiche , a specialty of northern Hesse , Germany .
`` Köppäbävisan '' is a song written and recorded by Bengt Pegefelt , releasing it as a single in 1980 , scoring a major hit in Sweden topping the Swedish singles chart between 8 May-5 June 1981 .
Funeral for an Assassin is a 1974 South Africa film directed by Ivan Hall that was released in the United States in 1977 .
Screen Test is a United Kingdom children 's quiz show about films , broadcast from 18 November 1970 to 20 December 1984 on BBC1 .
São Tomé and Príncipe Saudi Arabia Serbia Seychelles South Sudan Sierra Leone Slovenia Somalia Soviet Union Sudan Suriname Sweden A small number of AKM 's are used by the Swedish Armed Forces for familiarization training , but they are not issued to combat units .
Honour and Passion ( simplified Chinese : 宝家卫国 ; traditional Chinese : 寶家衛國 ; pinyin : Bǎo jiā weì guó ) is a Singapore Chinese drama which was telecast on Singapore 's free - to - air Chinese language channel , MediaCorp TV Channel 8 .
The show is notable for not only stirring up but , in the end , radically changing the pop music world in the Hungary of the 2000s , often criticized to lack original talent that Megasztár set out to find .
Outside of Taiwan , Our Times was released in Hong Kong and Macau box office on 15 October 2015 .
Majajan is a Pakistani Punjabi film directed by Syed Noor which was released across theaters in Pakistan in January 2006 .
The Great Food Race is a New Zealand competitive reality television cooking show .
El Correo Gallego is a Galician newspaper founded in Ferrol , Spain , by José María Abizanda in 1878 ; in the 20th century it was moved to the city of Santiago de Compostela .
The American title of the film is Clouds of Sils Maria , but in France the film is known by the original name , Sils Maria .
Olivet cendré , also called cendré d'Olivet , is a French cheese from Olivet , on the Loire river , in the Centre region , France .
I Live with Me Dad is a 1985 TV movie , produced by Crawfords Australia .
Odyssey 5 is a Canadian science fiction series that first ran in 2002 on Showtime in the United States and on Space in Canada .
L'Express was co - founded in 1953 by Jean - Jacques Servan - Schreiber , future president of the Radical Party , and Françoise Giroud , who had earlier edited ELLE and went on to become France 's first minister of women 's affairs in 1974 and minister of culture in 1976 .
Den glider in is a song written by Peter Karlsson , acting as fight song for the Sweden men 's national ice hockey team during the 1995 IIHF World Ice Hockey Championship in Sweden .
Arpad , the Gypsy ( French : Arpad le Tzigane , German : Arpad , der Zigeuner ) is a Hungarian - French - German television film series which aired on ORTF in France and ZDF in Germany between 1973 and 1974 .
Kuch Pyar Ka Pagalpan ( Urdu : کچھ پيار کا پاگل پن بهی تها‎ ) is a television serial , written by Sameera Fazal , directed by Haissam Hussain , broadcast on the ARY Digital network in Pakistan .
The Imaginary Cuckold continues to be performed today in its original one - act version both in France and in other countries ( often in translation ) .
Yariyan is a drama serial made in Pakistan .
Balinese dances is a very ancient dance tradition that is part of the religious and artistic expression among the Balinese people of Bali island , Indonesia .
Bansuri Guru was produced by the Government of India 's Films Division and features a series of interviews conducted with Chaurasia and others about the artist . , including shots in Mumbai , Bhubaneswar and Rotterdam .
Diario del AltoAragón is an Aragonese daily newspaper published in Spain .
One Day in September is a 1999 documentary film directed by Kevin Macdonald examining the 5 September 1972 murder of 11 Israeli athletes at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich , Germany .
Paddle to the Sea ( French : Vogue - à - la - mer ) is a 1966 National Film Board of Canada short live - action film directed , shot and edited by Bill Mason , based on the 1941 children 's book Paddle - to - the - Sea by American author and illustrator Holling C. Holling .
The .222 Rimmed is a centrefire rifle cartridge , originating in Australia in the 1960s as a cartridge for single shot rifles , particularly the Martini Cadet action .
Buy Herself is a Canadian reality television series , which premiered April 16 , 2012 on HGTV Canada .
Campeon ( NOM : 1107 , DOT : 94 ) is an award winning tequila produced from Blue Agave grown in the Eastern Highlands of Jalisco in Mexico .
Curd rice ( Tamil : தயிர் சோறு , Kannada : ಮೊಸರು-ಅನ್ನ ( mosaru - anna ) , Telugu : పెరుగు అన్నం , Malayalam : Thayiru ) also called yogurt rice is a dish of India .
Dragon Lord ( Chinese : 龍少爺 ) is a 1982 Hong Kong martial arts film written and directed by Jackie Chan , who also starred in the film .
Biswaprakash ( aka The Young Rebel ) ( Odia : ବିଶ୍ୱପ୍ରକାଶ ) is a 1999 India Oriya film directed by Susant Misra .
Perail is a soft cheese made with ewes milk originating in the Region of Aveyron , France .
Total Drama Island ( sometimes shortened to TDI ) is a Canadian animated television series which premiered in Canada on Teletoon on July 8 , 2007 and on June 5 , 2008 in the U.S. on Cartoon Network .
Ka - Blog ! was an informative teen - oriented television show in the Philippines hosted by Andrea Torres , Mico Aytona and Monica Verallo .
Sydnytt was a regional news programme produced by Sveriges Television , broadcasting to the counties of Skåne and Blekinge in the south of Sweden .
Manchego ( officially Spanish : queso manchego , pronounced : ( ˈkeso maɲˈtʃeɣo ) ) is a cheese made in the La Mancha region of Spain from the milk of sheep of the manchega breed .
Modern Yazawin ( Burmese : မော်ဒန်ရာဇဝင် ) is a 2014 Myanmar romantic comedy film directed by Nyi Nyi Tun Lwin and starring actors Khant Sithu , Wai Lu Kyaw , Pyay Ti Oo and Khin Hlaing and actresses Wut Hmone Shwe Yee , Sandi Myint Lwin in main roles .
Floating Life is a 1996 Australian drama film directed by Clara Law about a Hong Kong family who move to Australia .
The Carbon Diaries : 2015 is a 2009 young adult novel written by Saci Lloyd , popular in the United Kingdom .
The Devil Dared Me To is a New Zealand film written by and starring Chris Stapp and Matt Heath .
The Mitki ( Russian : Митьки́ ; pronounced ( mʲɪtʲˈki ) ) are an art group in St. Petersburg , Russia .
The Boys of St. Vincent is a 1992 film directed by John N. Smith for the National Film Board of Canada .
MC Tee Vee was a music program that was broadcast on Australia 's SBS TV television network in the early- to mid-1990s .
Battle of the Brides also known as Cô dâu đại chiến is a 2011 Vietnamese comedy film directed by Victor Vu , produced by Saiga Films and Vietnam Studio , in association with Galaxy Studios , Phuong Nam Phim , Saigon Movies Media and HK Films .
Ghozt Crew is an Australian paranormal documentary series , that follows Rob Kerr , Lorraine Kerr , Bobby C and Marshall Davison as they travel to and film in Australia 's most haunted locations .
Shortly after the grand final epidode ended , `` Emperatriz '' quickly became a trending topic ( Mexico ) in Twitter .
Viva Cabaret is a late night comedy variety television show which aired on Channel 4 in the United Kingdom from 1993 to 1994 .
Xacuti or Xacutti ( Konkani : शागोती ) is a curry prepared in Goa , India , with complex spicing , including white poppy seeds , sliced or grated coconut and large dried red chilies .
Polkagris ( plural : polkagrisar ) is a Swedish candy stick or straight candy cane that was invented in 1859 in the town of Gränna , Sweden , and remains a popular candy tradition in the town .
The Curious Dr. Humpp ( Spanish : La venganza del sexo ) is a 1969 exploitation movie from Argentina .
Willie 's Wonky Chocolate Factory is a United Kingdom television documentary series broadcast on Channel 4 in March 2008 .
A Dal ( English : The Song ) is the national selection process in Hungary for the Eurovision Song Contest .
Matt 's Monsters debuted in 2008 in France and other countries .
Welles received financing from Organisation Radio - Télévision Française to create The Immortal Story for premiere presentation on French television , to be followed by theatrical release in France and other countries .
The Protectors is a British television series , an action thriller created by Gerry Anderson .
Head of a Halberdier is a fragment of a Hieronymus Bosch painting .
Portrait Diptych of Dürer 's Parents ( or Dürer 's Parents with Rosaries ) is the collective name for two small late-15th century portrait panels by the German painter and printmaker Albrecht Dürer .
The Fountain of Indolence is an oil painting by the English artist J. M. W. Turner .
It 's a Mystery , Charlie Brown is the 11th prime - time animated TV specials based upon the popular comic strip Peanuts , by Charles M. Schulz .
Sabrina Stultiens ( born 8 July 1993 ) is a Dutch racing cyclist who competes in cyclocross and on the road .
Charles François de Mondion ( 1681 - -1733 ) was a French architect and military engineer who was active in Malta in the early 18th century .
Peter Gillman ( born 1942 ) is a British writer and journalist specializing ( but not exclusively ) in mountaineering topics .
Walid Ahmad Nimer al - Naser ( Arabic : وليد أحمد نمر النصر‎ ) ( 1934 -- July 23 , 1971 ) better known by his nom de guerre Abu Ali Iyad ( Arabic : أبو علي إياد‎ ) was a senior Palestinian field commander based in Syria and Jordan during the 1960s and early 1970s .
Fran Balkwill OBE ( born 1952 ) is a scientist and English author of children 's books about scientific topics .
Roy Baines ( born 7 February 1950 ) is an English former professional football player and manager ..
Ruslan Maynov ( Bulgarian : Руслан Мъйнов Ruslan Maynov ; b. 15 November 1976 ) is a Bulgarian actor and singer of Bessarabian Bulgarian origin .
Roscoe Conkling Ensign Brown , Ph.D. ( 1867 - December 14 , 1946 ) was the managing editor and assistant editor of The New York Tribune and professor of journalism at Columbia University .
Rodrigo Fierro Benítez , M.D. , Ph.D. , ( Ambato , 1930 ) is an Ecuadorean M.D. , writer and politician .
Silvio Cosini ( Poggibonsi , c. 1495- Milan , after 1547 ) was an Italian sculptor and stuccoist , mainly active in Florence .
Claudia Kristofics - Binder ( born 5 October 1961 ) is an Austrian former figure skater .
Haman Sadjo ( born 28 November 1984 , in Ngaoundere ) is a Cameroonian footballer who last played for Al - Merrikh in the Sudan Premier League .
Sabina Citron ( born in 1928 ) is a Holocaust survivor .
Naomi Cleaver ( born 14 July 1967 in Whitstable , Kent , England ) is a British design consultant and interior designer .
Zairo Anuar Zalani ( born 18 June 1982 ) is a Malaysian football player currently plays for Terengganu in the Malaysian Super League .
Gordon F. Allen ( 1908 - -1973 ) was a professor and administrator at the State University of New York at Brockport .
Giovanni Giacomo Borni ( 1635 - 29 October 1700 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , active in Lombard in towns near the province of Brescia , including Saviore dell'Adamello .
Ludwig Greiner ( 1796 - -1882 ) was an influential 19th - century forest and lumber industry management expert who improved the effectiveness of woodland valuation methods in the Austrian Empire and trained a whole new generation of foresters in a comprehensive approach to the management of natural resources .
Tetsuya Ishikawa ( born 1979 ) is a Japanese British author , financial journalist and a banker with Goldman Sachs .
André Guijon ( November , 1548 -- September , 1631 ) was a French churchman and orator .
Jorge Franco Alviz ( born 29 October 1993 ) , known as Burgui ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ' burɣi ) ) , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for RCD Espanyol on loan from Real Madrid as a left winger .
Alessandro Padoa ( 14 October 1868 -- 25 November 1937 ) was an Italian mathematician and logician , a contributor to the school of Giuseppe Peano .
Rhea Tregebov ( born 1953 ) is a Canadian poet , novelist and children 's writer who lives in Vancouver , British Columbia .
John Alan Feduccia ( born 25 April 1943 ) is a paleornithologist , specializing in the origins and phylogeny of birds .
Wilson Gale - Braddyll ( baptised 24 February 1756 -- 19 November 1818 ) was a British Member of Parliament .
Sajjad Moradi ( Persian : سجاد مرادی ‎‎ , born 30 March 1983 ) is an Iranian middle distance runner who specializes in the 800 metres and 1500 metres .
Ng Swee Hong ( 1935 - September 16 , 2006 ) was a Malaysian Chinese businessman who founded Pacific Andes company .
Krystal Forscutt ( born 12 July 1986 in Batemans Bay , New South Wales ) is an Australian former model and reality TV contestant .
Önder Çengel ( born 21 July 1982 ) is a Turkish - Swiss football player who currently plays for Elazığspor .
Margaret L. Kennedy ( 1892 -- date of death unknown ) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician .
Ma Yili ( Chinese : 马伊琍 ; pinyin : Mǎ Yīlì ; born 29 June 1976 ) is a Chinese actress .
Tamsier Joof or Tamsier ( 17 May 1973 , other stage name : Tam Jo ) is a British dancer , choreographer , actor , model and entrepreneur from a Senegalese and Gambian background .
Daniel Enrico Acker ( born 23 September 1990 ) is a South African rugby union footballer , who most recently played for the Eastern Province Kings .
Benjamin Anastas ( born 1969 ) is an American novelist , memoirist , journalist and book reviewer born in Gloucester , Massachusetts .
John Downton ( 1906 - -1991 ) was an English artist , philosopher , musician , and poet .
Tim Smolders ( born 26 August 1980 ) is a Belgian former football player who .
Leo Sayer ( born Gerard Hugh Sayer ; 21 May 1948 ) is a British - born singer - songwriter musician , and entertainer ( now an Australian citizen and resident ) whose singing career has spanned four decades .
Cormac Rowe ( Bridgetown , County Wexford , born abt . 1983 ) is an Irish Michelin star winning head chef with Lady Helen in Thomastown , County Kilkenny Ireland Rowe started his kitchen career in Kelly 's Hotel in Rosslare .
Eugenia Wang , Ph.D. , ( born 26 February 1945 ) is a professor at the University of Louisville whose primary focus is researching the genetic aspect of aging in humans .
Richard Symes Warry was born about 1829 in England , son of Thomas Warry and Maria Symes .
General Bipin Chandra Joshi , PVSM , AVSM , ADC ( Hindi : बिपिन चन्द्र जोशी , 1935 -- November 19 , 1994 ) was the 17th Chief of Army Staff ( CoAS ) of the Indian Army .
Robbie van Leeuwen ( born 29 October 1944 , The Hague ) is a Dutch musician who was guitarist , sitarist , background vocalist and main songwriter for the Dutch bands The Motions , Shocking Blue and Galaxy - Lin .
Henry Habib Ayrout , S.J. ( 1907 -- April 10 , 1969 ) was an author , educator , and Jesuit priest in Egypt .
Dario Baldan Bembo ( born 15 May 1948 ) is an Italian composer , singer - songwriter , music arranger and musician , best known for the songs `` Aria '' and `` Amico è '' .
Norman Smurthwaite ( born 1960 ) is the chairman of Port Vale Football Club , who has served the club in this post from 2013 .
Arnaldo Pambianco ( born 16 August 1935 ) is an Italian former professional road racing cyclist who was active between 1956 and 1966 .
Albert Gerald Sayre ( 1897 -- September 6 , 1990 ) was an American Radioman , Radio Amateur , Teacher and Arctic Explorer .
Achim Peters , Prof . Dr. ( born 1957 in Dortmund ) is a German obesity specialist who lives and works in Lübeck .
Jamie - Jerry Taulagi ( born 18 June 1993 ) is a professional rugby union footballer of Samoan heritage .
Cary Fagan ( born 1957 ) is a Canadian writer of novels , short stories , and children 's books .
Dieter Mahncke ( born 1941 in South - West Africa ) is a scholar of foreign policy and security studies , and Alfried Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach Professor Emeritus of European Foreign Policy and Security Studies at the College of Europe .
Jakub Szymański ( born 25 March 1998 ) is a Polish volleyball player , member of Poland men 's national under-19 volleyball team , U19 World Champion 2015 .
Sir David Brunt , KBE , FRS ( 17 June 1886 -- 5 February 1965 ) was a Welsh meteorologist .
Dana Goodyear ( born 1976 ) is an American journalist and poet , the author of the forthcoming book Anything That Moves , and the co - founder of Figment , an on - line literary community .
Rabbi Sholom Klass ( 1916 - -2000 ) was the co - founder , publisher and editor of The Jewish Press , a large Jewish circulation newspaper .
Bence Bátor ( born 9 July 1977 ) is a Hungarian indie musician , best known as the drummer of the Hungarian indie band Amber Smith .
Hans Dieter Aigner ( born 1958 in Linz ) is an Austrian artist and writer .
Marcos Vinícius Gomes Nascimento ( born 27 June 1991 ) , known as Marcos Vinícius , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Vitória de Setúbal , as a centre - back .
Sergio Machin ( sometimes also spelt Makin , born 6 July 1952 ) is a former Croatian football player .
Simon Target ( born January 1962 ) is a British / Australian film - maker .
Bertil Wedin ( born 21 November 1940 ) is a former Swedish secret service agent .
Alexander Steven Corbet ( 8 August 1896 -- 16 May 1948 ) was a British chemist and naturalist .
Zofia Kielan - Jaworowska ( 25 April 1925 -- 13 March 2015 ) was a Polish paleobiologist .
Anne Killigrew ( 1660 - -1685 ) was an English poet .
Anthony James Mayers , known as A. J. Mayers ( born June 19 , 1987 ) , is the marketing coordinator for Paramount Pictures in Los Angeles , and the author of four novels .
Minhajul Abedin Nannu ( Bengali : মিনহাজুল আবেদিন ) ( born 25 September 1965 , Chittagong , East Pakistan ) is a former Bangladeshi cricketer who played in 27 ODIs from 1986 to 1999 .
Awad Saud Awad was born in 1943 in Job Josef --
Ján Šikuta ( born 25 October 1960 ) is a Slovakian judge born in Bratislava and former Judge of the European Court of Human Rights in respect of Slovakia
Abigail McCary ( born 1982 ) is an American model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss World America 2007 and represented United States in Miss World 2007 in China , having been appointed as Miss World United States .
Luke Friend ( born 30 April 1996 ) is an English singer and former student from Teignmouth in Devon .
Stefan Junge ( born 1 September 1950 in Leipzig , Sachsen ) is a German former athlete , who mainly competed in the high jump .
Gerald Potterton ( born 8 March 1931 ) is a British--
Charles William White ( 13 January 1889 -- 23 July 1925 ) was an English association footballer who played as an inside forward for Watford .
Jef Van Damme ( born 8 January 1979 ) has been a Member of the Parliament of the Brussels - Capital Region for the Socialistische Partij Anders since 7 June 2009 .
John Davenant ( London , 20 May 1572 -- Salisbury , 20 April 1641 ) was an English academic and bishop of Salisbury from 1621 .
Khume Ramulifho ( born 27 February 1979 ) is a South African politician , previously the Democratic Alliance youth leader , and a present member of the Gauteng Provincial Legislature .
Borys Buryak ( born 25 October 1953 in Podvirne , Chernivtsi Oblast , in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union ) is a Ukrainian painter .
Frederick Hockley ( 1809 -- 1885 ) was a British occultist who was a London based Freemason and a member of the Societas Rosicruciana in Anglia .
Helga Cecilia Forss , also known as Cissi Forss , ( born 12 June 1985 ) is a Swedish actress and comedian .
Benjamin Brogden Orridge ( 1814 - -1870 ) was a British antiquarian .
Mamman Bello Ali ( 1958 -- January 27 , 2009 ) was Nigerian Senator for Yobe South senatorial district .
Layes Abdullayeva ( Amharic : Abelav Layes Tsige ? ; born 29 May 1991 in Ethiopia ) is Ethiopia - born Azerbaijani international middle and long distance track and field athlete , running in the disciplines of 1500 m , 3000 m and 5000 m , but also 10000 m.
Jack Dyson ( 8 July 1934 -- 22 November 2000 ) was both an English first - class cricketer and a professional footballer .
Slavko Zupcic ( born 1970 ) is a Venezuelan psychiatrist and writer .
Dr. Alfredo Jahn Hartman ( 8 October 1867 -- 12 July 1940 ) was a Venezuelan civil engineer , botanist and geographer .
Myriam Bregman ( born 25 February 1972 ) is an Argentine lawyer , activist and politician .
Harald Christopher Wegelius , born 13 September 1944 in Helsinki , is a Finnish former banker and show jumper .
Abid Qaiyum Suleri ( born 9 September 1969 ) is a Pakistani social policy analyst and development practitioner .
Dr. Anna Goldfeder ( 1898 -- February 15 , 1993 ) was a pioneering researcher in the fields of radiology and cancer treatment .
Alan Kimber ( 1949 -- 6 September 2012 ) was an English swimmer who won a silver medal in the 1500 m freestyle at the 1966 European Aquatics Championships .
Alfredo Elías Ayub ( born 13 January 1950 ) was the Director General of the Comisión Federal de Electricidad ( CFE ; English : Federal Electricity Commission ) , which is the Mexican state - owned electric monopoly .
Phra Sucharit Suda ( Thai : สุจริตสุดา ; 13 November 1895 - 1982 ) Formerly Prueng Sucharitakul ( Thai : เปรื่อง สุจริตกุล ; rtgs : Prueng Sucharitakun ) , daughter of Chao Phraya Sudharm Montri .
Gene Ward Smith ( born 1947 ) is an American mathematician and music theorist .
Marc Jenkins ( born 21 July 1976 ) is a Welsh triathlete from Bridgend .
Ian Parrott ( 5 March 1916 -- 4 September 2012 ) was a prolific Anglo - Welsh composer and writer on music .
Hayri Pinarci ( born 10 January 1991 ) is a Dutch - Turkish professional footballer , who currently plays for Spakenburg in the Dutch Topklasse .
Dale K. Van Kley ( born 1941 ) is an American historian and Emeritus Professor of History at The Ohio State University .
Ma Kai ( Chinese : 马凯 ; pinyin : Mǎ Kǎi ; born June 1946 ) is one of the four Vice Premiers of China ( Fourth - ranked ) .
William Callow ( 1812 - -1908 ) was an English landscape painter , engraver and water colourist .
Aziz Ahmad ( born c. 1964 ) is a professional Buzkashi player from Afghanistan .
Roland Dahinden ( born 2 May 1962 ) is a Swiss trombonist and composer .
Michael Dodson ( 1732 - -1799 ) was an English lawyer and writer on religious subjects .
Zurab Karumidze is a Georgian writer and culturologist , born in 1957 in Tbilisi .
Paul A. Schneider ( born 30 April 1944 , Brooklyn , New York ) is a former Deputy Secretary for the Department of Homeland Security .
Isaac Tyson , Jr. ( 1792 - -1861 ) was a Quaker businessman from Baltimore , Maryland , who held a virtual monopoly on world supplies of chromium minerals during the mid-19th century .
Charles Bombardier ( born 1974 ) is a Canadian engineer , inventor and angel investor .
Col Buchanan ( born 1973 Lisburn , Northern Ireland ) is a Northern Irish fantasy writer .
Gary Buckland ( born 12 June 1986 ) is a Welsh professional boxer fighting in the super featherweight and lightweight divisions .
Delfín Mosibe Esara ( born 2 July 1992 ) , sportingly known as Delfi , is an Equatoguinean footballer .
Eugène Collache ( 29 January 1847 - unknown ) was French Navy officer , who fought for the Shogun as a samurai during the Boshin War .
Jace Bode ( born 14 September 1987 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played for Australian Football League ( AFL ) club Melbourne in 2007 and 2008 and now plays for Norwood in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) .
Ulf Dextegen ( born 16 November 1960 ) is a Swedish hypnotherapist and champion freediver ( national records in 2008 , 2009 , 2011 , 2012 , 2013 with 8 minutes 43 seconds in static apnea , and bronze medals in 2009 and 2011 world championships . Personal best in training : 9 minutes 11 seconds ) .
Sir Alan Bowness CBE ( born 11 January 1928 ) is a British art historian and former museum director .
Lee Gray ( born Royce Lee Darling in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , on March 15 , 1936 ) was an American disc - jockey .
André Malherbe ( born 21 March 1956 ) is a Belgian former professional Grand Prix motocross racer .
Carlos Luis de Ribera y Fieve ( 1815 -- April 14 , 1891 ) was a Spanish painter , son of Juan Antonio Ribera .
Zac Aley ( born 17 August 1991 ) is a semi professional footballer , his preferred position is a midfielder and currently plays for Ashton Town , after signing with the club on 9 November 2012 .
Werner H. Bloss ( 1930 -- June 6 , 1995 ) was a scientist known for his work in the field of photovoltaics .
Shaun Hutson ( born 1958 ) is a writer of novels including horror novels and dark urban thrillers .
Colin S. Gray ( born 1943 ) is a British - American strategic thinker and professor of International Relations and Strategic Studies at the University of Reading , where he is the director of the Centre for Strategic Studies .
John H. Lee ( 1847 - September 7 , 1890 ) was an American banjoist , composer and author of the late 19th century .
Christopher Furness , 1st Baron Furness ( 23 April 1852 -- 10 November 1912 ) was a British businessman and Liberal Party politician .
Albert Anis ( 1889 - -1964 ) was an architect in Miami , Florida known for his Art Deco architecture .
Vratislav Greško ( born 24 July 1977 ) is a retired Slovak footballer who recently played for the Fortuna Liga club Podbrezová .
John Salesbury ( 1533 - -80 ) , of Rûg , near Corwen , Merionethshire and Bachymbyd , near Ruthin , Denbighshire , was a Welsh politician .
Keiynan Lonsdale ( born 19 December 1991 ) is an Australian actor of African ( Nigerian ) descent , singer , and dancer .
Margaret Pomeranz AM ( born 14 July 1944 ) is an Australian film critic , producer and television personality .
Kent Carroll ( born 1941 ) is the publisher of Europa Editions .
Israel Segal ( Hebrew : ישראל סגל‎ , 26 May 1944 -- September 27 , 2007 ) was an Israeli journalist , author , and longtime political commentator .
Lone Wiggers ( 1963 , Helsingør ) is a Danish architect , one of the partners at C. F. Møller Architects .
Are Helseth ( born 11 January 1955 ) is a Norwegian physician , health administrator and politician for the Labour Party .
Sir Hew Hamilton - Dalrymple , 10th Baronet GCVO ( born 9 April 1926 ) is a retired British soldier and former Lord Lieutenant of East Lothian .
Ralph George Scott Bankes ( 24 October 1900 -- 22 May 1948 ) was a British barrister and Diocesan Chancellor .
Lisa Deborah Frank ( born 1955 ) is an American businesswoman , the founder of Lisa Frank Incorporated , headquartered in Tucson , Arizona .
James A. Joseph ( born 1935 ) is an American former diplomat .
Ari Wolfe ( born 1971 ) is a play - by - play announcer , reporter and anchor .
Julio Gea - Banacloche ( born 1957 ) is Professor of Physics and currently the Head of Department of Physics at the University of Arkansas .
Muhammad Mojlum Khan ( born 6 December 1973 ) is a Bangladeshi - born British non - fiction writer .
Eric Winstanley ( born 15 November 1944 ) is an English former footballer who is currently a coach at Supersport United .
Christian Pontus Andersson ( born 1977 ) is a Swedish artist and sculptor , living in Södermalm , Stockholm .
Acija Alfirević ( born 12 August 1951 in Split , Croatia ) is an academic , lecturer , professor , feminist , scientist , writer and literary translator .
Özgür Çevik ( born 27 May 1981 ) is a Turkish singer and actor who gained fame and intense fan following as a result of having appeared in his country 's version of the television pop music talent contest , Star Academy and , subsequently , as a variety performer and actor .
Frank Mantek ( born 20 January 1959 ) is a German weightlifting coach and a retired weightlifter .
Rulman Merswin ( around 1307 - 1382 ) was a German mystic , leader for a time of the Friends of God .
Alford Corriette ( born 23 August 1948 in Montserrat ) was a West Indies cricketer who played 24 matches for the Combined Islands and the Leeward Islands in a career that lasted from 1972 until 1976 .
Alberich of Reims ( c. 1085 -- 1141 ) studied with Anselm of Laon .
Jerónimo de Loayza y González , O.P. ( 1498 -- October 25 , 1575 ) , was a Spanish Dominican friar and missionary , who was selected as the first Archbishop of Lima .
Cho Seok - jae ( Hangul : 조석재 ; born 24 March 1993 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a striker for Jeonnam Dragons in K League Classic .
Princess Alexandra , The Honourable Lady Ogilvy , KG , GCVO ( Alexandra Helen Elizabeth Olga Christabel ; born 25 December 1936 ) is the youngest granddaughter of King George V and Queen Mary .
Sun Hongzhi ( born September 1965 ) is a Chinese politician who spent most of his career in Northeast China 's Jilin province .
Syed Asim Mahmood ( born 24 April 1968 ) is an Urdu writer , encyclopedist , researcher , editor and journalist .
Auguste Hüssener ( 1789 -- 13 February 1877 ) was a German engraver and miniature painter .
Marion Cuyjet /suːˈʒeɪ/ born July 29 , 1920 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania was a pioneer in dance education in Black Philadelphia .
Steele Bishop ( OAM ) ( born 29 April 1953 ) is a former track racing cyclist and World Champion .
Sarah , Duchess of York ( Sarah Margaret ; née Ferguson ; born 15 October 1959 ) is a British writer , charity patron , public speaker , film producer and television personality .
I ve Mažuran ( born 1928 ) is a Croatian historian .
Hashem Aghajari ( Persian : هاشم آقاجری‎‎ ) also Seyyed Hashem Aghajari ( born 1957 ) is an Iranian historian , university professor and a critic of the Islamic Republic 's government who was sentenced to death in 2002 for apostasy for a speech he gave on Islam urging Iranians to `` not blindly follow '' Islamic clerics .
Feliks Nowowiejski ( 7 February 1877 -- 18 January 1946 ) was a Polish composer , conductor , concert organist , and music teacher .
Ralph Thomlinson , ( 12 February 1925 -- 12 February 2007 ) was an American sociologist and demographer .
Bartolomeo da Bologna ( fl . 1405 -- 1427 ) was a north Italian composer of the early Quattrocento , the transitional period between the late medieval style of the Trecento and the early Renaissance .
Carl Gustav Swensson ( also spelled Svensson ; 15 June 1861 -- 13 April 1910 ) was a Swedish landscape architect .
Mohamed Harrif Salleh ( born 15 September 1988 ) is a Malaysian professional racing cyclist , currently riding for Terengganu Pro Asia Cycling Team .
Rudy Rotta ( born 14 October 1950 ) is an Italian blues guitarist who lives near Verona .
Emmanuel Bangué ( born 21 July 1971 in Saint - Maur - des - Fosses ) is a French long jumper , best known for finishing fourth at the 1996 Olympic Games .
Nichola McAuliffe ( born 27 August 1955 ) is an English television and stage actress and writer , best known for her role as Sheila Sabatini in the ITV sitcom Surgical Spirit ( 1989 - 1995 ) .
Bart Moore - Gilbert ( 8 December 1952 - 2 December 2015 ) was a Tanzanian born British academic , orientalist and political campaigner , most widely known for his work in the field of postcolonial literary studies and theory .
Soumodip Sarkar ( b. 13 June 1965 in Jamshedpur , India ) is a noted economist and management researcher .
Subroto Bagchi ( 31 May 1957 ) is an Indian entrepreneur and business leader .
Ori Elon ( in Hebrew אורי אלון ) ( born 1981 ) is an Israeli writer and filmmaker .
John IV of Egmont ( or Egmond ) ( 1499 -- Ferrara , April 1528 ) was second Count of Egmont , Lord of Baer , Purmerend , Purmerland and Ilpendam .
George Henry Durrie ( June 6 , 1820 -- October 15 , 1863 ) was an American artist whose rural winter scenes became popular when reproduced as lithographic prints by Currier and Ives .
Björn S. Stefánsson ( born 19 . June 1937 ) is an Icelandic social scientist .
Maxwell Gordon Lightfoot ( 19 July 1886 -- 27 September 1911 ) was an artist and painter from Liverpool who became known for his depictions of atmospheric pastoral scenes and sepia illustrations of figures .
Mars Callahan ( born 1971 ) is an American actor , film director , producer and writer .
Jan van Cauwelaert , C.I.C.M. ( born 12 April 1914 ) is a Belgian Bishop of the Roman Catholic Church .
Jerry Marquis ( born February 14 , 1956 ) is a former NASCAR Driver who competed in the NASCAR Busch Series the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series , The NASCAR Busch North Series and The NASCAR Featherlight Modified Series .
Rev. Aloysius Varsi , SJ , ( 9 March 1830 - 27 November 1900 ) was an American educator and college president .
Nemanja Vuković ( Cyrillic : Heмaњa Bукoвић , born 13 April 1984 ) is a Montenegrin footballer who currently plays for Indy Eleven in the North American Soccer League .
Dummy , the Witch of Sible Hedingham ( c. 1788 -- September 4 , 1863 ) was the pseudonym of an unidentified elderly man who was one of the last people to be charged with witchcraft in England in the 19th century .
Edmond Leung Hon - man ( born 5 November 1971 ) is a Hong Kong singer - songwriter , record producer , actor , and television host from Hong Kong .
Wolfgang Kauer ( born 20 February 1957 ) is an Austrian author who lives in Salzburg .
Jon Reidar Øyan ( born 15 April 1981 ) is a Norwegian gay rights activist and politician for the Labour Party .
Pope Conon ( c. 630 -- 21 September 687 ) was Pope from 21 October 686 to his death in 687 .
Che Husna Azhari ( born on 8 November 1955 ) in Kota Bharu , Melor , Kelantan , is a prominent Malaysian writer of literature .
Des Meadowcroft ( 31 March 1880 -- 22 September 1959 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Ryan Brawley ( born 2 February 1986 ) is a Scottish professional boxer fighting in the lightweight division .
Tariq Spezie Sevilla ( born 21 June 1980 ) , known simply as Tariq , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Castellón as a striker .
Edward John Barker ( 31 December 1799 -- 27 April 1884 ) was an English physician and journalist who worked for much of his life in Canada .
Henri Bresc ( born 12 December 1939 ) is a French historian who specialises in the Mediaeval history of Sicily , and particularly in the inter - relation in the Mediterranean area between the three principal monotheistic religions .
Maharaja Bhim Singh II ( 14 September 1909 -- 20 July 1991 ) was the last ruling Maharaja of the princely state of Kotah from 1940 to 1947 .
Swami Prameyananda ( April 1933 -- October 20 , 2011 ) was a vice - president of the Ramakrishna Order .
Kalu Rinpoche ( 1905 -- May 10 , 1989 ) was a Buddhist lama , meditation master , scholar and teacher .
Zavon Hines ( born 27 December 1988 ) is a professional footballer for Dagenham & Redbridge .
William Burdine Blake , Sr . ( 1852 - -1938 ) was a music composer and newspaper publisher .
Paulo Moura ( 15 July 1932 - -12 July 2010 ) was a Brazilian clarinetist and saxophonist .
James R. Robinson ( 1860 - -1950 ) was an industrialist , inventor , and author of a seminal book on mine ventilation ( 1922 ) .
Antoine Blanchard is the pseudonym under which the French painter Marcel Masson ( 15 November 1910 -- 1988 ) painted his immensely popular Parisian street scenes .
Lee Yong - jae ( Hangul : 이용재 ; born 8 June 1991 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays for the Japanese club Kyoto Sanga F.C. in J. League Division 2 .
Giovanni Antonio Stuardi ( Poirino , Piedmont , 1862 -1938 ) was an Italian sculptor .
Rachel Trezise ( born 1978 ) is a Welsh author , born in Cwmparc , Rhondda .
Brit Sandaune ( born 5 May 1972 ) is a Norwegian soccer player and pre - school teacher .
Charles Hector ( full name Charles Hector Fernandez , born in Temerloh on 4 July 1961 ) is a Malaysian Human Rights advocate and activist .
Thomas Demand , in full Thomas Cyrill Demand , ( born 1964 ) is a German sculptor and photographer .
Ken Rinaldo ( born 1958 ) is an American artist and educator internationally recognized for his interactive robotics and bio - art installations .
Anne Margrethe Qvitzow ( 1652 -1700 ) was a Danish poet , translator and memoir writer , known for her learning .
Reuven Helman ( 1927 - July 11 , 2013 ) was a former Maccabiah Olympian recognized as a weightlifting champion , distinguished athlete in Track and Field , the Decathlon and for his career as an athletic instructor .
Amy Welch ( born 1985 ) is a journalist and news reporter for ITV news programme Granada Reports .
Gregg McNally ( born 2 January 1991 ) , is an English born Irish professional rugby league footballer for Leigh .
Wayne Hernaman ( born 15 May 1972 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played twenty games for Richmond in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) between 1993 and 1994 .
John Cunningham , 15th Earl of Glencairn ( 1749 -- 24 September 1796 ) was a Scottish nobleman , cavalry officer , and finally a priest .
Bernie Moran ( 13 October 1930 -- 21 April 2002 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Nancy Dell'Olio ( born 23 August 1961 ) is an Italian - British lawyer who first came to public notice as the girlfriend of Sven - Göran Eriksson , then manager of the England national football team .
Anémone Marmottan ( born 25 May 1988 ) is a French World Cup alpine ski racer and soldier .
Sri Vidya Prakasananda Giri Swamy ( Swāmī Vidyāprakāśānanda Giri ) ( 13 April 1914 -- 10 April 1998 ) , born Ananda Mohan , was a revered Hindu guru and predominantly prominent among Telugu speaking community across the world for his teachings and works about Vedanta in Telugu language .
Tapani Rinne ( born 1962 ) is a Finnish musician , composer and record producer , who is known for his experimental and innovative style with the clarinet and saxophone .
Me Me Lai ( born 1952 ) , sometimes billed as Me Me Lay , is a Burmese - born actress and television host who worked mainly in British and Italian films , most notably in the horror genre .
Allan R. Taylor , O.C. ( born 1932 in Prince Albert , Saskatchewan ) is a Canadian banker .
Professor Jason Pomeroy ( born 27 July 1974 ) is an architect , masterplanner , academic , author , and TV personality .
Stephen Adebanji Akintoye , also known as S. Banji Akintoye ( born 1935 ) , is a Nigerian - born academic , historian and writer .
Hibret Fekadu ( born 1990 ) is an Ethiopian beauty pageant contestant .
Karan Raj Kanwar ( born 9 December 1991 ) is an Indian film producer based in Bollywood .
Akandhan Velusami Radhakrishnan ( Tamil : அகண்டன் வேலுசாமி இராதாகிருஷ்ணன் ; born 1 August 1952 ) is a Sri Lankan politician and state minister .
Giorgos Agorogiannis ( Greek : Γιώργος Aγορογιάννης ; born 3 May 1966 ) is a former Greek football player .
P.C. Sorcar , Young ( Bengali : পি.সি. সরকার , ইয়াং , born 1950 ) is an Indian magician based in Kolkata , West Bengal , India .
Akela Jones ( born 22 April 1995 ) is a Barbadian track and field athlete who holds Barbadian records in the women 's heptathlon , pentathlon , long jump and high jump .
Shahid Anwar ( born 5 July 1968 ) in Multan ) is a former Pakistani International cricketer .
Graham Wright ( born 6 June 1968 ) is a former Australian rules footballer , who played for Collingwood in the Australian Football League .
Sir John Denis Forman , OBE ( 13 October 1917 -- 24 February 2013 ) was a Scottish executive in the British television industry long associated with the ITV contractor Granada , and with various charitable and governmental bodies in the arts .
Dannah Gresh ( born 1967 ) is a Christian author and public speaker .
Tom Hazelmyer ( born 1965 ) is an American musician and printmaker .
Stephen Purdy ( born 1970 in Hattiesburg , Mississippi ) is known as an author of a book on theatrical song performance and is a vocal and performance coach for Broadway musicals and for Broadway and West End actors .
Countess Maria Zofia Czartoryska née Sieniawska ( 1698 - -1771 ) was a Polish szlachcianka ( noble lady ) .
Gregory John Barro , known as Greg Barro ( born 1957 ) , is an attorney in Shreveport , Louisiana , who served as a Democrat in the Louisiana State Senate from 1992 to 1996 .
Philip Tannura ( March 28 , 1897 -- December 7 , 1973 ) was an American cinematographer who worked on over a hundred films during his career .
John Volts ( 1825 - -1904 ? ) was a British critic , philosopher and writer .
Lucy Irvine ( born 1 February 1956 ) is a British adventurer and author .
Jim Dodge ( born 1945 ) is an American novelist and poet whose works combine themes of folklore and fantasy , set in a timeless present .
Roman Glavatskikh ( born 3 May 1983 in Novoural'sk , USSR ) is a Russian futsal player .
George Pawlaczyk ( born 1945 ) is an investigative journalist for the Belleville News - Democrat ' in Belleville , IL ' .
Lesego Rampolokeng ( born 7 July 1965 ) is a South African writer , playwright and performance poet .
Juan Carlos Paredes Reasco ( born 8 July 1987 ) is an Ecuadorian professional footballer who plays as a right - back for English club Watford .
Islah Abdur - Rahman ( Bengali : ইসলাহ আব্দুর রহমান ; born 20 April 1991 ) is an English film director , actor and screenwriter .
Diarmuid Horan ( born 1988 ) is an Irish hurler who played as a left wing - back for the Offaly senior hurling team .
Dorina Korsós ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈdorinɒ ˈkorʃoːʃ ) ; born 3 September 1995 in Kecskemét ) is a Hungarian handballer playing for Győri Audi ETO KC .
Patricia Saldaña Natke ( born 1964 in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American architect , founding partner and president of UrbanWorks , Ltd. , a Chicago - based architecture , interiors , and urban planning firm .
Greg Pickersgill , born in Haverfordwest , Wales in 1951 , is an influential British science fiction fan .
Wei Shihao ( Chinese : 韦世豪 ; pinyin : Wěi Shìháo ; born 8 April 1995 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Leixões in the Segunda Liga .
Kathy Lloyd ( born 13 November 1967 ) is a Welsh former Page 3 girl and glamour model and television presenter .
Antonio Martos Ortiz ( born 19 February 1981 ) is a notable ex - member of the boyband D'NASH .
Katarzyna Pawłowska ( born 16 August 1989 ) , also known as Kasia Pawłowska , is a Polish road racing and track cyclist .
L.E. White ( 1930 - 2004 ) was an American Grammy Award - winning songwriter , singer and musician .
Kevin Abley ( born 24 March 1935 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played in the South Australian National Football League with the Glenelg Football Club .
Pandit Yashpaul ( born 22 March 1937 ) is a performing artiste of the Agra gharana of Hindustani Classical Music .
Jürgen Bachmann ( born 20 January 1942 ) is a retired German swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 400 medley event at the 1962 European Aquatics Championships .
Vidar Sandem ( born 19 February 1947 ) is a Norwegian actor , playwright and theatre director .
Al Filreis ( born 1956 ) is the Kelly Professor of English at the University of Pennsylvania , Faculty Director of the Kelly Writers House , and Director of the Center for Programs in Contemporary Writing at the University of Pennsylvania .
Ferdo Kozak ( 18 October 1894 -- 8 December 1957 ) was a Slovenian author , playwright , editor and politician .
Marie - Claude Molnar ( born 2 October 1983 ) is a C4 Canadian paracyclist .
Thomas Wiswall ( 1601 - -1683 ) was an early settler of British America , a prominent early citizen of the Massachusetts Bay Colony , and a key figure in the founding of Cambridge Village , now known as the city of Newton , Massachusetts .
Georgios Bakos ( Greek : Γεώργιος Μπάκος , 1892 - -1945 ) was a Greek Army officer .
Alexander Mikaberidze ( Georgian : ალექსანდრე მიქაბერიძე , Russian : Алекса́ндр Микабери́дзе ; born 27 January 1978 ) is a Georgian lawyer , author and historian who specializes in Napoleonic studies , Russian history and Georgian history .
Penelope Sudrow ( born 1966 ) is an American actress who has starred in film and on television .
Henry Faulds ( 1 June 1843 -- 24 March 1930 ) was a Scottish physician , missionary and scientist who is noted for the development of fingerprinting .
Graham Moughton ( born 2 December 1948 ) is a retired English boxer .
Luka Peruzović ( born 26 February 1952 ) is a Croatian football coach and former player , who managed Belgium 's Standard Liège , Charleroi and Anderlecht and Qatar 's Al Sadd .
Adalberto Martínez Chávez ( 25 January 1916 -- April 4 , 2003 ) , better known in the entertainment world as Resortes was a renowned Mexican actor .
Alberto Peluffo ( born 10 September 1958 ) is an Italian teacher and researcher , formerly Deputy Mayor of the City of Noli .
Reneta Kamberova ( Bulgarian Cyrillic : Ренета Камберова ) ( born 12 September 1990 in Pazardzhik ) is a Bulgarian Group rhythmic gymnast .
Patrick Bellew , 1st Baron Bellew PC ( Ire ) ( 29 January 1798 -- 10 December 1866 ) , known as Sir Patrick Bellew , 7th Baronet , from 1827 to 1848 , was an Irish Whig politician .
Periklis Pierrakos - Mavromichalis ( Greek : Περικλής Πιερράκος Μαυρομιχάλης , 1863 - -1938 ) , also known as Mavromichalis - Pierrakos , was a Greek military officer and politician .
Justine Kurland ( born 1969 in Warsaw , NY ) is a fine art photographer based in New York .
James Douglas , 9th Earl of Douglas , 3rd Earl of Avondale KG ( 1426 - -1488 ) was a Scottish nobleman , last of the ' Black ' earls of Douglas .
Sigi Lens ( born 26 October 1963 ) is a retired Dutch - Surinamese footballer and currently is a sports agent .
Hans - Jürgen Dohrenkamp ( born 8 June 1948 ) , better known by his stage name Jürgen von der Lippe , is a German television presenter , entertainer , actor and comedian .
Morris Goodman ( 1925 -- November 14 , 2010 , Michigan ) was an American scientist known for his work in molecular evolution and molecular systematics .
Darryn Smith ( born 2 August 1975 in Durban ) is a South African baseball pitcher .
Joško Marušić ( born 27 March 1952 in Split ) is a Croatian film - maker , comic artist , caricaturist and illustrator .
Tanvir Mokammel ( born 8 March 1955 ) is a Bengali filmmaker and author from Bangladesh .
Adam Pettle ( born 1973 ) is an award - winning Canadian playwright , Radio Producer , and Television writer .
Maristela Salvatori , ( born 1960 ) is an artist and printmaker .
Pope Honorius IV ( c. 1210 -- 3 April 1287 ) , born Giacomo Savelli , was Pope from 2 April 1285 to his death in 1287 .
François Lotte ( 1889 - -1970 ) was a French archetier and bow maker .
Hermann Nitsch ( born 29 August 1938 ) is an Austrian artist who works in experimental and multimedia modes .
Rabbi Hayim David HaLevi ( 24 January 1924 -- 10 March 1998 ) , also written Haim David ha - Levi , etc . ( הרב חיים דוד הלוי ) , was Sephardi Chief Rabbi of Tel Aviv - Jaffa .
Dale Keenan ( born 27 June 1994 ) is a Scottish professional footballer , who currently plays for Scottish League One side Stranraer .
Rev. Adam Blakeman was born in Gnosall , Staffordshire , England , June 10 , 1596 .
Aaly Karashev ( born 1968 ) is a Kyrgyz politician who served as acting Prime Minister from September 1 to September 5 , 2012 .
Fabio Capello ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈfaːbjo kaˈpello ) ; born 18 June 1946 ) is an Italian manager and a former professional footballer who was most recently the head coach of the Russia national football team .
Torita Isaac ( born 5 July 1995 ) is an Indigenous Australian athlete .
Siemowit of Cieszyn ( Polish : Siemowit cieszyński ) ( c. 1340 -- 25 September 1391 ) was a Polish prince , member of the Piast dynasty in the Cieszyn branch .
Jean - Louis Trudel ( born in 1967 ) is a science fiction writer .
Sir Robert Thomas , 2nd Baronet ( born c. 1622 ) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons of England from 1661 to 1681 .
Nikhil Thakur ( born 16 March 1993 ) is a hacker and Internet activist .
Eric Bristow MBE ( `` The Crafty Cockney '' ) ( born 25 April 1957 ) is a former professional English darts player .
Hélène Dutrieu ( 10 July 1877 -- 26 June 1961 ) , was a cycling world champion , stunt cyclist , stunt motorcyclist , automobile racer , stunt driver , pioneer aviator , wartime ambulance driver , and director of a military hospital .
Charles Melcher ( born 1965 ) is the founder and president of Melcher Media , a small independent book packager and publisher in New York .
William Roughead ( 1870 - -1952 ) was a well - known Scottish lawyer and amateur criminologist , as well as an editor and essayist on `` matters criminous '' .
Anton Günther II , Count of Schwarzburg - Sondershausen - Arnstadt ( 10 October 1653 in Sondershausen -- 20 July 1716 in Arnstadt ) was a Count of Schwarzburg and Hohenstein and Lord of Sondershausen , Arnstadt and Leutenberg from 1666 until his death .
Cao Yuan ( simplified Chinese : 曹缘 ; traditional Chinese : 曹緣 ; pinyin : Cáo Yuán ; born 7 February 1995 ) is a Chinese diver and an Olympic gold medalist .
Yuliya Kosenkova ( born 28 March 1973 ) is a former Russian middle distance runner who specialized in the 1500 metres .
Ian Dewhirst , MBE ( born 17 October 1936 ) is an accredited local historian , author and public speaker from Keighley , West Yorkshire .
Emma Rosina Heikel ( 17 March 1842 -- 13 December 1929 ) was a Finnish medical doctor and feminist .
Jaime Chik Mei - chun ( Chinese : 戚美珍 , born 5 January 1962 ) is a Hong Kong TVB actress .
Shlomo Yosef Burg ( Hebrew : שלמה יוסף בורג‎ , 31 January 1909 -- 15 October 1999 ) was a German - born Israeli politician .
Rahul Bhat ( born 7 December 1977 ) is an Indian actor , producer , television personality and former model .
Arestís Stasí ( Aristides Anastassiades also known as il cipriota ) was born in 1940 in Limassol , Cyprus and spent his first years in the village of Platres in the Troödos mountains .
Bruno Pais ( born 10 June 1981 ) is a Portuguese triathlete who represents S.L. Benfica .
Alpheus Harding ( Jan. 12 , 1818 - - ) was a US politician and bank president .
William Wickham King ( 30 May 1862 - - 11 December 1959 ) , usually known as Wickham King was a distinguished amateur geologist , a Fellow of the Geological Society for 50 years .
Charly Runciman ( born 22 July 1993 ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Widnes Vikings in the Super League .
Rebecca Johns ( born 1971 ) is an author and educator .
Miloje Milojević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милоје Милојевић ; 27 October 1884 , Belgrade -- 16 June 1946 , Belgrade ) was a Serbian composer , musicologist , music critic , folklorist , music pedagogue , and music promoter .
Lee Ju - yeol ( Hangul : 이주열 ; born 24 July 1952 ) is a South Korean economist and technocrat who was appointed Governor of the Bank of Korea , the South Korean central bank , on 1 April 2014 .
Stephen Devassy ( Malayalam:സ്റ്റീഫൻ ദേവസ്യ , born 23 February 1981 ) is a musician hailing from Palakkad , Kerala .
Yosef Shofman ( Hebrew : יוסף שופמן‎ , 16 June 1903 -- 10 September 1978 ) was an Israeli politician and diplomat who served as a member of the Knesset for Herut and Gahal between 1955 and 1969 , and as the country 's ambassador to Venezuela between 1971 and 1974 .
Mel Sachs ( 1946 -- August 30 , 2006 ) was a prominent American criminal defense attorney in New York City .
Tom McBride ( born 18 September 1936 ) , also known as Big Tom , is an Irish country music singer , guitarist , and saxophone player .
Gordon Shedden ( born 15 February 1979 in Edinburgh ) is a British auto racing driver , who currently competes in the British Touring Car Championship for the Honda Yuasa Racing Team and is the current reigning BTCC champion having won the title for the second time in 2015 .
Sibelle Hu or Hu Huizhong ( Chinese : 胡慧中 ; Wade -- Giles : Hu Hui - chung ; born 4 May 1958 ) is a Taiwanese actress and singer who starred in both Taiwanese and Hong Kong movies .
Elmar Brandt ( born 20 September 1971 ) is a German impressionist , best known for his imitations of politicians .
Derek Blake Booth ( born 7 April 1953 ) is an eminent American geologist and heir presumptive to the Booth baronetcy of Allerton Beeches , Liverpool .
Edit Klocker ( born 16 October 1979 ) is a retired Hungarian butterfly swimmer who won a silver medal in the 4×100 m medley relay at the 1995 European Aquatics Championships .
Drake Jensen ( born 15 April 1970 ) is a Canadian country music artist .
Brentley Frazer ( 1972 ) is a contemporary Australian poet / writer .
Ernest Jackson Lawson Soulsby , Baron Soulsby of Swaffham Prior ( born 23 June 1926 ) is a British microbiologist and parasitologist .
Lee Falkon ( born 7 May 1992 ) is an Israeli football player who plays as a forward for MSV Duisburg .
Fraser Walker ( born 1973 ) was a Scottish swimmer specialising in the individual medley events .
Tim McCreight ( born 1951 ) is an American artist who specializes in metalsmithing , particularly in jewelry .
William Luff ( 1872 - -1960 ) was a British actor and cinematographer .
Henry Calderón ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈenɾi kaldeˈɾon ) , born 19 April 1993 ) is a Chilean footballer that currently plays for the Chilean club General Velásquez as a striker .
Aimo Maggi ( 31 May 1756 -- 9 December 1793 ) was an Italian painter of the Neoclassic periods , mainly active in his natal city of Brescia .
Alex Whittle ( born 15 March 1993 ) is an English professional footballer who is currently playing for National League North side AFC Fylde .
Barbara Taylor Bradford OBE , ( born 10 May 1933 ) is a best - selling British - American novelist .
Leutnant Hans Martin Pippart ( 14 May 1888 - 11 August 1918 ) Iron Cross was a pioneer aircraft manufacturer and early pilot .
Jeremia Nambinga ( born 13 December 1946 in Ohangwena Region ) is a Namibian politician and businessperson .
Don Heath ( born 26 December 1944 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as an outside right .
Eitan Avitsur ( Hebrew : איתן אביצור ; born 1941 in Jerusalem ) is a composer and conductor .
Fleur East ( born 29 October 1987 ) , also known as Fleur , is an English singer , songwriter , rapper , dancer , and fitness model .
Divya Spandana ( born 29 November 1982 ) , known by her stage name Ramya , is an Indian film actress and politician .
Wolfgang Stumph ( born 31 January 1946 ) is an award - winning German actor and cabaret artist .
Costas Droutsas ( Greek : Κώστας Δρούτσας , born on 5 December 1939 in Thessaloniki ) is a Greek politician , a member of the Greek Communist Party .
Raju Narayana Swamy ( born 24 May 1968 ) is an officer in the Indian Administrative Service .
Keith Crombie ( c. 1939 , Seaham -- December 29 , 2012 , Newcastle upon Tyne ) was an iconic music venue owner and promoter in Newcastle upon Tyne , England .
Pablo Larrazábal ( born 15 May 1983 ) is a Spanish professional golfer currently playing on the European Tour .
N. S. Lakshminarayan Bhatta ( born 1936 ) is a Kannada poet from Shivamogga district .
Ebenezer Doan , Jr. was born 9 September 1772 in Bucks County of a large Quaker family .
Reeta Sisko Hanhijoki , née Markkanen ( born 25 April 1962 in Rautalampi ) is a retired Finnish sprinter , who specialized in the 60 , 100 and 200 metres .
Sandra Spencer ( born 1973 ) is a British actress , singer and television presenter .
Wolfgang Ziebart ( born 30 January 1950 in Hannover ) was chairman of the board of the Infineon Technologies AG , until his resignation on 26 May 2008 .
Steve Tilston ( born 26 March 1950 ) is an English folk singer - songwriter and guitarist .
Cristiano Biraghi ( born 1 September 1992 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a left back for Spanish club Granada CF on loan from Internazionale .
Professor Don Mottram , Ph.D. , ( born 1945 in Cheshire ) is an English flavour chemist based at the School of Food Biosciences of the University of Reading .
Louis - Pierre d'Hozier ( 1685 -- 25 September 1767 ) , son of Louis Roger d'Hozier , succeeded his uncle Charles as juge d'armes .
Robert Brisco Earée ( 1846 - 1928 ) was an English priest and philatelist who was known for his studies of philatelic fakes and forgeries .
Niall Dunne ( born 30 November 1974 ) is the Chief Sustainability Officer of BT Group , and a World Economic Forum Young Global Leader .
Giampiero Simoni ( born 12 September 1969 in Porto San Giorgio ) is an Italian former racing driver who made his name in Touring Car racing .
Tsetin Mantatzi ( Greek : Τσετίν Μάντατζη ; Turkish : Çetin Mandacı ; born 7 March 1970 ) is a Greek politician of Turkish descent .
Sir George Shee , 1st Baronet ( 1758 - -1825 ) was a British government minister .
Bhoopendra Singh ( born 20 May 1960 Bamora , Sagar district ) is an Indian politician , belonging to Bhartiya Janata Party .
Sir John Kaputin ( born 11 July 1941 ) was the foreign minister of Papua New Guinea from 1992 until 1994 and from December 1999 until 2000 .
Alfredo Omar Tena ( born 28 April 1985 ) is a Mexican footballer who played as a midfielder for Querétaro F.C ..
Dr. Shaukatullah Shah Ansari ( 12 May 1908 -- 29 December 1972 ) was an Indian politician and diplomat .
Mickalene Thomas ( born Jersey January 28 , 1971 ) , is a contemporary African American artist best known for her complex paintings made of rhinestones , acrylic and enamel .
Qurratulain Hyder ( Urdu : قرۃ العین حیدر‎ ; 20 January 1927 -- 21 August 2007 ) was an influential Indian Urdu novelist and short story writer , an academic , and a journalist .
Giuseppe Cataldo ( Locri , September 19 , 1938 − Locri , May 10 , 2011 ) , also known as Peppe , was an Italian criminal and a member of the ' Ndrangheta , a Mafia - type organisation in Calabria .
Deng Changyou ( Chinese : 邓昌友 ; born February 1947 ) is a retired general of the People 's Liberation Army Air Force ( PLAAF ) of China .
Sir Henry Cheere , 1st Baronet ( 1703 -- 15 January 1781 ) was a renowned English sculptor and monumental mason of the eighteenth century , and older brother of John Cheere , also a notable sculptor .
Nelly Rosario ( born 1972 ) is a Dominican American novelist and creative writing instructor in the MFA Program at Texas State University in San Marcos .
Stephanie Kalu ( born 8 May 1993 ) is an American born Nigerian sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres , 200 metres and 4 x 100 metres .
Ferdinand Faivre ( 1860 - -1937 ) was a French sculptor whose work is often characterised by the Art Nouveau style .
Leri Khabelov ( Georgian : ლერი ხაბელოვი , Russian : Лери Габрелович Хабелов ) ( born 5 July 1964 ) is a Georgian politician and a retired wrestler , formerly a Soviet Olympic champion in Freestyle wrestling .
Richard Emsley ( born December 1951 in Goole , Yorkshire ) is a British composer , sometimes associated with the New Complexity school .
Per Cromwell , born 13 September 1974 in Malmö , Sweden is a Swedish ad - man , activist and inventor .
Paul Giambarba ( born 1928 ) is an American graphic designer , cartoonist , writer and illustrator .
Marcello Semeraro ( born 22 December 1947 ) is a Roman Catholic prelate , Bishop of Albano , and secretary to the group of 8 cardinals named by Pope Francis to advise him .
Séamus Kennedy ( born 26 June 1993 ) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays as a right wing - back for the Tipperary senior team .
Sir Alured Dumbell MLC ( 1835 - 1900 ) was Clerk of the Rolls of the Isle of Man and the most senior judge there .
Fatma Abdullah Hilal , born in Dubai , United Arab Emirates on July 7 , 1980 , is a fashion photographer in the United Arab Emirates .
Diana Hayden ( born 1 May 1973 ) is an Indian actress , model and beauty queen .
Mohammad Asif Mujtaba ( Urdu : آصف مجتبیٰ , born 4 November 1967 in Karachi , Sindh ) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in 25 Tests and 66 ODIs from 1986 to 1997 .
Sean Wei Mah ( born 14 December 1976 ) is a Plains Cree First Nations actor and artist , who is sometimes credited as Sean Mah .
Igor Škamperle ( born 21 November 1962 ) is a Slovenian sociologist , cultural theorist , novelist , essayist , mountaineer and translator .
Reinout Oerlemans ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈrɛinɔut ˈuːrləmɑns ) ; born 10 June 1971 ) is a Dutch soap opera actor , film director , television presenter and television producer .
Iyseden Christie ( born 14 November 1976 in Coventry ) is an English footballer who plays for Bedworth United , where he plays as a striker .
Knut Anders Fostervold ( born 4 October 1971 ) is a former Norwegian footballer who now competes as a cyclist .
Karyn Turner ( born 1946 ) is an American martial arts expert who has been variously known as `` The Queen of Kata '' , `` First Lady of Kung Fu '' , and `` The Mother of U.S. Kickboxing '' .
Ian Ruff ( born 1946 ) is an Australian competitive sailor and Olympic bronze medalist .
Mouna Chebbah ( born 8 July 1982 ) is a Tunisian handballer who is part of the Tunisian national team .
Victoria Aihar ( Montevideo , 19 April 1978 ) , is a Uruguayan web designer , programmer and author .
Malú Huacuja del Toro ( born 1961 ) is a Mexican novelist ´ , playwright and screenwriter .
José Ramón Cossío Díaz ( born 26 December 1960 ) is a Mexican jurist and Associate Justice ( ministro ) of the Supreme Court of Justice of the Nation .
Kazuhiko Hosokawa ( Japanese : 細川和彦 , born 28 December 1970 ) is a Japanese professional golfer .
Valerie Pringle , CM ( née Whittingham , born 5 September 1953 ) is a Canadian television host and journalist .
Robert Hellen ( born 1725 , died 1793 in Donnybrook , Dublin ) was an Irish politician , Solicitor - General , and judge of the Court of Common Pleas ( Ireland ) .
Monika Brodka ( born 7 February 1987 ) is a Polish singer , who rose to fame as the winner of the third season of Polish Pop Idol ( Idol ) in 2004 .
Adolfo Baloncieri ( Italian pronunciation : ( aˈdolfo balkonˈtʃɛːri ) ; 27 July 1897 -- 23 July 1986 ) was an Italian football manager and former player who played as a midfielder .
Marte Gerhardsen ( born 21 July 1972 ) is a Norwegian civil servant , politician and organizational leader .
Rena Jones ( born 1977 ) is an American musician , producer and audio engineer from Portland , Oregon .
Adrien Kela ( born 23 July 1991 ) is a New Caledonian middle distance athlete whose main event is the 800 metres .
Shaun Brooks ( born 9 October 1962 ) is an English retired footballer who played in the Football League for Crystal Palace , Leyton Orient and Bournemouth .
Mladen Stojanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Младен Стојановић ; 7 April 1896 -- 1 April 1942 ) was a Bosnian Serb physician who led a detachment of Yugoslav Partisans on and around Mount Kozara in northwestern Bosnia during World War II in Yugoslavia .
Jimmy Scalia ( born 1960 ) , is a record producer , the official archivist for the singer Bobby Darin 's estate , a disc jockey , writer , and documentarian of American popular and rock music .
DJ Shalom , a.k.a . Catman , ( born David Taieb in 1971 ) , is a French musician and electronic music producer from Paris .
Jorge Luis Alonso ( born April 1966 ) is a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois and former Illinois state judge .
Hugo Rodríguez Romero ( born 30 December 1989 ) , simply known as Hugo , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Cádiz CF as a Midfielder#Defensive Midfielder .
William Knight Keeling ( 1807 - -1886 ) was a British ( Victorian ) artist , an illustrator of Walter Scott 's novels and Shakespeare 's plays , a founder member and the third President of the Manchester Academy of Fine Arts .
Richard Perceval Graves ( born 21 December 1945 ) is an English biographer , poet and lecturer .
Stane Jagodič ( born 15 June 1943 ) is a Slovenian free - lance painter , photographer , caricaturist , aphorist , and author .
Caolan McAleer ( born 19 August 1993 ) is a Northern Irish professional footballer who plays for Kilbirnie Ladeside , on loan from Scottish League One side Airdrieonians , as a winger .
Terence Hawkins ( born 1956 ) is an American author of numerous short stories and two novels , American Neolithic , published by C&R Press , and The Rage of Achilles , a recounting of The Iliad in the form of a novel .
Captain Samuel Albert White ( 20 December 1870 - 19 January 1954 ) was a wealthy Australian racehorse owner , soldier , explorer , conservationist and amateur ornithologist .
O. Barlow Willmarth ( 1882- ? ) , was the president of the Colorado Carnotite Company .
( Arthur ) Stretton Reeve ( 11 June 1907 -- 27 January 1981 ) was Bishop of Lichfield from 1953 until 1974 .
Pascal Johanssen ( * 1973 in Berlin ) is a German gallery owner and founder of Direktorenhaus Berlin .
Kris Needs ( born 2 July 1954 ) is a British journalist and author , known for writings on music from the 1970s onwards .
Marco Antonio Blásquez Salinas ( born 7 May 1963 ) is a Mexican politician and journalist affiliated to the PT . He currently serves as Senator of the LXII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Baja California .
Roy Richard Grinker ( born 1961 ) is an American author and Professor of Anthropology , International Affairs , and Human Sciences at The George Washington University .
Jean de Ferrières ( 1520 - -1586 ) , Vidame de Chartres , Seigneur de Maligny , was an influential Huguenot in the French Wars of Religion in the 16th century .
Yuri Modin ( born November 8 , 1922 ) was the KGB controller for the `` Cambridge Five '' from 1944 to 1955 , during which Donald Duart Maclean was said to have passed atomic secrets to the Soviets .
Peter Corlett ( born 1944 ) is an Australian sculptor , known for his full - figure sculptures cast in bronze , especially his memorial works .
Geffrey Davis ( born 1983 ) is an American poet and professor .
Seth Lipsky ( born in 1946 ) is the founder and editor of the New York Sun , an independent conservative daily in New York City that ceased its print edition on September 30 , 2008 .
Yevgeniya Pecherina ( Russian : Евгения Печерина ; born 9 May 1989 ) is a Russian track and field athlete who specialises in the discus throw .
Jasia Reichardt ( born 1933 ) is a British art critic , curator , and writer .
Mark Bergin ( born 28 April 1989 ) is an Irish hurler who is currently a substitute on the Kilkenny senior team .
Dr. Hemang Dixit ( born 11 June 1937 ) is a prominent Nepalese educationalist and author .
Antoine - Claude Fleury ( 1743 - 1822 ) , a French historical and portrait painter , studied under Regnault , and exhibited at the Salon from 1795 to 1822 .
Samantha Claire Taylor MBE ( born 25 September 1975 ) is a former cricketer who represented England more than 150 times between 1998 and 2011 .
Micol Cattaneo ( born 13 May 1982 ) is an Italian athlete who competes mainly in the 100 metres hurdles .
Manu Lanvin ( born in 1974 ) is a French blues rock singer - songwriter , guitarist and producer .
Jarlath Cloonan ( born 1953 in Athenry , County Galway ) former County Galway Senior Hurling Manager , 1994 - 96 .
Samuel Ayscough ( 1745 - -1804 ) was a librarian and indexer , known as ' The Prince of Indexers ' .
Andy Dalby ( born Andrew Kenneth Dalby , 8 December 1948 , Gainsborough , Lincolnshire ) is an English rock guitarist , who was largely active in the 1970s and early 1980s .
Vishwa Gopal Jhingran ( 1919 - 1991 ) was an Indian zoologist and aquaculture scientist , known for the introduction of a composite fish culture technique by name , aquaplosion .
Giuseppe Ravano ( born 5 February 1943 ) is an Italian equestrian and Olympic champion .
Oleksandr Mykolayovych Bondarenko ( Ukrainian : Олександр Миколайович Бондаренко ; Russian : Александр Николаевич Бондаренко ; born 29 June 1966 in Zaporizhia ) is a retired Ukrainian football player who played in Hungary for BVSC Budapest .
Catherine Miller ( born 1992 ) is a Trinidadian model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Trinidad and Tobago 2013 and represented her country at the Miss Universe 2013 pageant but Unplaced .
Xhevdet Muriqi ( Serbian : Dževdet Murići ) ( born 4 March 1963 ) is a former Kosovar Albanian footballer who is best known for his time with KF Prishtina during the 1980s as part of the `` Golden Generation '' .
Gu Xiao ( Chinese : 顾笑 , born 18 March 1993 in Nanjing ) is a Chinese competitor in synchronized swimming .
Berry Bickle ( born 1959 ) is a Zimbabwean artist who resides in Maputo .
Jonas Haas ( 1720 - -April 10 , 1775 ) was a German - born Danish engraver .
William R. Tonso ( born 1933 ) is a professor emeritus of sociology at the University of Evansville .
Muzaffer Tekin ( 28 October 1950 in Çankırı -- 1 April 2015 ) is a former member of Turkey 's Special Warfare Department , and a suspect in the Ergenekon trials as well as the Turkish Council of State shooting .
Hayden Murphy ( born 1945 ) is an Irish editor and poet .
Ahmed Ali Kamel ( Arabic : أحمد علي كامل‎ ) ( born on 21 May 1986 ) is an Egyptian football striker .
Abdallah Said ( Arabic : عبد الله السعيد ; born 13 July 1985 ) is an Egyptian footballer .
Despina Papamichail ( Greek : Δέσποινα Παπαμιχαήλ ; born 9 February 1993 in Preveza ) is a Greek professional tennis player .
Brian Conley ( born 7 August 1961 ) is an English comedian , television presenter , singer and actor .
Harry B. Luthi , Sr . ( born 1933 ) , is a retired businessman who served briefly as the 32nd mayor of Greenville , South Carolina .
Robin Dutt ( German pronunciation : ( ʀoːbiːn dʊt ) ; born 24 January 1965 ) is a retired German football player , manager and currently board representative for sport of VfB Stuttgart .
Poe Ballantine ( born 1955 in Denver , Colorado ) is a fiction and nonfiction writer known for his novels and especially his essays , many of which appear in The Sun . His second novel , Decline of the Lawrence Welk Empire , won Foreword Magazine 's Book of the Year .
Michał Abramowicz ( 1884 -- 1965 ) was an Azerbaijani - Soviet geologist of Polish origin .
Matías Díaz ( born in Mendoza , 16 March 1993 ) is an Argentina rugby union player who plays mostly in the Tight head prop position .
Erasmus Stourton ( 1603 , Narborough , Leicestershire , England -- November 1658 , Walesby , Lincolnshire , England ) was a clergyman and early settler to the Colony of Avalon , Newfoundland in 1627 .
Robert Rubčić ( born 2 November 1963 ) is a former Croatian footballer and current head coach of NK Istra 1961 in Croatia 's Prva HNL .
Rhea Seehorn ( born May 12 , 1972 ) is an American actress who plays Kim Wexler in the Breaking Bad prequel , Better Call Saul .
Pia Giancaro ( born 12 March 1950 ) is an Italian former actress and television personality .
Barry Dudleston ( born 16 July 1945 ) is a former first - class cricketer and umpire .
Bagatur or Bater ( simplified Chinese : 巴特尔 ; traditional Chinese : 巴特爾 ; pinyin : Bātè'ěr ; born February 1955 ) is a Chinese politician of Mongol ancestry .
Eggert Pálsson ( born 1960 ) is a percussionist with the Icelandic Symphony Orchestra .
Tan Sri Dato ' Sri Ong Tee Keat ( simplified Chinese : 翁诗杰 ; traditional Chinese : 翁詩傑 ; pinyin : Wēng Shī Jié ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Ong Si - kia̍t ; born 22 November 1956 ) is a Malaysian politician .
Claudio Mattone ( born 28 February 1943 ) is an Italian composer , lyricist and music producer .
Peter Drury ( born 1968 ) is a football commentator , formerly with ITV Sport as their number two football commentator , a role he had held since joining the network in 1998 .
Padraig Dully ( born 20 April 1965 ) is a retired Irish footballer who played during the 1980s and 1990s .
Faruk Halilbegović ( born 7 September 1987 in Sarajevo , Bosnia and Herzegovina ) is a handball left back who plays for Polish club Zagłębie Lubin .
Sijoy Varghese ( born 6 March 1971 ) is a popular Indian Ad film director / producer , event director , screenwriter and actor .
Samuel Adams Darcy ( born Samuel Dardeck , 1905 - November 8 , 2005 ) was a prominent Communist leader in both New York and California .
Jan Hartl ( born 12 September 1952 ) is a Czech actor who played Karel Horák in the 2000 Czech film Little Otik , also known as Otesánek .
Yitzhak Hen ( born 1963 ) is Anna and Sam Lopin Professor of History at Ben - Gurion University of the Negev ( Israel ) .
Marko Maletić ( born 25 October 1993 ) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Telstar , on loan from Excelsior .
Oswaldo Fumeiro Alvarez , more commonly known as Vadão ( born 21 August 1956 ) is a Brazililan football manager .
Jack Waller ( born 28 November 1989 in Blackpool , Lancashire , England ) is a British water polo player .
Rudolf Gleißner , usually transcribed as Rudolf Gleissner , ( born March 17 , 1942 at Nürnberg ) is a German cellist .
Fotis Georgiou ( Greek : Φώτης Γεωργίου ; born 19 July 1985 ) is a Greek football player who plays as a Midfielder for Kalloni of the Greek Superleague .
Qian Liren ( born August 1924 ) ( simplified Chinese : 钱李仁 ; traditional Chinese : 錢李仁 ; pinyin : Qián Lǐrén ) is a Chinese politician , diplomat , and translator .
Hossam Haick is an Israeli - Arab scientist and engineer , born in 1975 .
Jett Blakk ( Born in 1960 ) is an American Award - winning film director of gay pornography .
Torrens Knight ( born 4 August 1969 ) is a Northern Ireland loyalist , who belonged to the North Antrim and Londonderry Brigade of the Ulster Defence Association ( UDA ) .
Lisa Victoria Redwood ( born 24 February 1973 ) is a Welsh television actor best known for playing the character of Sheryl Hughes in the long - running Welsh soap Pobol y Cwm on S4C.
Andy Silvester ( born 16 June 1947 , Kidderminster , Worcestershire , England ) is a British bassist and multi - instrumentalist .
Dominic Schram , sometimes spelled Schramm ( 24 October 1722 - 21 September 1797 ) was a German Benedictine theologian and canonist .
Stephen Shiu ( Chinese : 蕭若元 ; pinyin : Xiāo Ruòyuán ; Jyutping : siu1 joek6 jyun4 , born 22 July 1949 ) is a Hong Kong - based journalist , businessman , screenwriter , presenter , and pundit .
Jan van den Dobbelsteen ( born 28 September 1954 , Waalre ) is an interdisciplinary Dutch artist who teaches at Academy St. Joost in Breda and lives and works in Eindhoven .
Markus Mehr ( born 1965 in Augsburg , Bavaria ) is a German electronic music composer and sound artist .
Trevor Harley was born in 1958 in London and grew up near Southampton .
Naren Hua ( born 17 November 1962 ) is a Chinese film and television actress of Mongolian ethnicity .
Carlos Eddé ( Arabic : كارلوس إدة‎)(born in 1956 ) , is a Lebanese politician .
Aliki Stergiadu ( born 5 October 1972 ) is a former competitive ice dancer .
Charles Chorley ( 1810?--1874 ) was an English journalist and man of letters .
Ray Bandar ( born 1928 ) is a scientist , researcher , teacher , naturalist , and artist living in the San Francisco , California area .
Fujiwara no Nobunaga ( 藤原 信長 ; 1022 - -1094 ) , third son of Norimichi , was a kugyo ( Japanese noble ) of the Heian period .
James Glassford ( 1771 -- 1845 ) was a Scottish legal writer and traveller .
McLean Edwards ( born 1972 , in Darwin ) is an Australian painter who currently lives and works in Sydney , New South Wales .
Lino Gallardo ( 1773 - -1837 ) was a Venezuelan composer , conductor , and string player , and was among the musicians who participated in and contributed to the Wars of Independence .
Festus Keyamo ( born 21 January 1970 ) is a Nigerian lawyer , socialist , critic , columnist and human right activist .
Catriona Shearer ( born 1981 ) is a Scottish journalist , broadcaster and producer , best known as a presenter for BBC Scotland 's national news programme .
Dr. Devdutt Pattanaik ( born 11 December 1970 ) is an Indian physician turned leadership consultant , mythologist and author whose works focus largely on the areas of myth , mythology , and also management .
Almond Richards ( 3 April 1911 -- 27 November 1992 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Sylke Otto ( born 7 July 1969 in Karl - Marx - Stadt ) is a former German luger who competed from 1991 to 2007 .
Dr. Judith Esser - Mittag ( born 1921 ) , commonly known as Dr. Judith Esser , is a German gynecologist .
Volodymyr Lukashenko ( Ukrainian : Володимир Лукашенко ; often Vladimir as in Russian , born 14 February 1980 ) is a Ukrainian sabre fencer .
Tom Huck ( born 1971 ) is an American printmaker best known for his large - scale satirical woodcuts .
Eduard Stehlík ( born 30 March 1965 ) is a Czech historian and writer , and Vice Director at the Institute for Military History in Prague .
Simon - Pierre Mpadi ( 1909 - -1950s ) was a follower of Simon Kimbangu who later established his own Messianic Christian - inspired Religious group in Congo .
Royston Maldoom , OBE ( born 1943 in Harrow , London ) is a British choreographer whose works , including Adagietto and Ursprung , have been performed for various dance companies , such as The Jefferson Dancers and Dance Theatre of Harlem .
Jon Weber ( born 1961 , Milwaukee , Wisconsin ) is a New York City- and Chicago - based jazz pianist and composer whose compositions and performances have met critical and popular acclaim in many countries around the world .
Michael Wayne Anthony Ebanks ( born 2 October 1964 ) , known as Wayne Ebanks , is an English former footballer who played at right - back for West Bromwich Albion , Stoke City , Port Vale and Cambridge United between 1981 and 1987 .
Jason Herbert ( also known as Jason John ) , ( born March 18 , 1967 in Coventry , England ) , is a former band member of the boy band Big Fun ( 1989 - -90 ) .
Roberto Calvi ( 13 April 1920 -- 17 June 1982 ) was an Italian banker dubbed `` God 's Banker '' ( Italian : Banchiere di Dio ) by the press because of his close association with the Holy See .
John Laverty ( born 6 July 1982 ) is a former Northern Irish motorcycle racer from Toomebridge , Northern Ireland .
Aldo Righi ( born 29 July 1947 ) is a retired Italian pole vaulter who won a bronze medal at the 1969 European Athletics Championships .
Dilwar Hussain ( born 24 December 1971 ) is a British academic and independent consultant working on social policy , Muslim identity and Islamic reform in the modern world .
Anita Carey ( born 16 April 1948 ) is an English actress , best known for playing Joyce Smedley in Coronation Street and more recently for playing Vivien March in Doctors .
David Bedzhanyan ( Armenian : Դավիթ Իսահակի Բեջանյան ; Russian : Дави́д Иса́кович Беджаня́н , born 6 September 1988 ) is an Armenian - Russian weightlifter .
Abdul Ghani Malik ( born on 25 May 1972 ) is a former Malaysian footballer .
G. Roger Denson ( born 1956 ) is an American journalist , art critic , theoretician , novelist and curator .
Ankur Vasishta ( born 27 February 1982 ) , also known as Ankur Sharma , is a Hong Kong cricketer .
Christopher M. Still ( born 1961 ) is a painter of Florida 's wildlife , people and landscapes .
Carol Downer ( born 1933 ) is an American feminist lawyer and non - fiction author who has focused her career on abortion rights and women 's health around the world .
Daniele Masala ( born 12 February 1955 ) is an Italian modern pentathlete and Olympic champion .
Bill Travis ( born 1957 ) is an American photographer known for his athmospheric landscapes and experimentation with alternative photographic techniques .
Nicolò Grassi ( 7 April 1682 -- 6 October 1748 ) , also known as Nicola Grassi , was an Italian painter , active in a late - Baroque or Rococo style .
Thodoris Dritsas ( Greek : Θοδωρής Δρίτσας ; born 23 August 1947 ) is a Greek Syriza politician who has served as the Minister of Shipping and Island Policy in the Second Tsipras Cabinet since September 2015 .
Marsha Waggoner ( born 11 January 1940 in Brisbane , Queensland , Australia ) is an American professional poker player who lives in Las Vegas , Nevada .
Peter Traub ( born 1974 in South Africa ) is an American composer of electronic and acoustic music and sound installations .
Zoran Thaler ( born 21 January 1962 ) is a Slovenian politician and businessman .
Chauncey Hugh Stigand ( 1877 - -1919 ) was a British army officer , colonial administrator and big game hunter .
Matheus Isaías dos Santos , simply known as Matheus or Jussa ( born 22 March 1996 ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Vasco .
Alfred Gard ( 1876 -- after 1900 ) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Small Heath .
Andreas Krause Landt ( born 1963 ) , also known as Andreas Lombard , is a German journalist and publisher , and the author of popular history books .
Clay Forau Soalaoi , more commonly referred to as Clay Forau , ( born 10 October 1976 ) is a Solomon Islands politician .
Mehrab Fatemi ( Persian : محراب فاطمی ) ( born 1975 ) is an Iranian strongman and powerlifter .
Charles Fyshe Roberts C.M.G. , ( 20 August 1837 -- 9 September 1914 ) , was Under - Secretary of Defence in colonial New South Wales .
Bobby Reiss ( born 30 September 1990 ) is a retired American professional soccer player .
Robert Poulet ( 4 September 1893 -- 6 October 1989 ) was a Belgian writer , literary critic and journalist .
Nancy Lublin ( born 1971 ) is the CEO of Crisis Text Line and was the creator of Dress for Success .
Miroslav Vajs or Miroslav Weiss ( Macedonian : Мирослав Вајс ) ( born 27 July 1979 ) is a footballer from the Republic of Macedonia .
Karl Aage Præst , also spelled Carl Aage Præst , ( 26 February 1922 -- 19 November 2011 ) was a Danish football player .
Jacopo del Casentino ( c. 1297 -- 1358 ) was an Italian painter called Jacopo Landino or da Prato Vecchio , active mainly in Tuscany .
Alain de Royer - Dupré ( born 24 September 1944 ) is a leading French thoroughbred racehorse trainer .
Ged Quinn ( born 1963 , Liverpool ) is an English artist and musician .
Alexander Wurz ( born 15 February 1974 ) is an Austrian retired professional racing driver , driver training expert and businessman .
Koray Aydın ( born 5 December 1955 ) is a Turkish politician who has served as the Deputy Speaker of the Grand National Assembly since 9 July 2015 .
Ballard F. Smith ( born 1946 ) is a former President of the San Diego Padres major league baseball franchise .
Radjin de Haan ( born 12 August 1969 ) is a retired Dutch - Surinamese footballer and currently is a football manager .
Valen Low ( Chinese : 卢威麟 ; pinyin : Lú Wēi Lín ; born 14 January 1994 ) is a Singaporean professional armwrestler .
Halid Bešlić ( pronounced ( xǎːlid bɛ̂ʃlitɕ ) ; born 20 November 1953 ) is a prominent Bosnian pop - folk and sevdah musician and singer who has been performing since 1979 .
Ali Doustimehr ( Persian : علی دوستی‌مهر , born 23 July 1965 ) is an Iranian football coach .
Valentijn Overeem ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈvaːləntɛin ˈoːvəreːm ) ; born 17 August 1976 ) is a Dutch professional mixed martial artist and kickboxer currently signed with United Glory .
Leutnant Heinrich Arntzen ( born 11 September 1894 - ? ) was a World War I flying ace credited with eleven aerial victories .
Ole Knudsen Tvedten ( 1757 or 1758 -- 5 October 1837 ) was a Norwegian farmer and district sheriff .
Jonathan Hey ( born 1979 ) is an expert in connecting the abstract concepts of knowledge management with other levels of experiences like language and sensual interaction with the physical world , thus providing not only better understanding of these concepts but key elements of their more precise definition as well .
Reginald Wood ( 7 March 1860 in Woodchurch , Cheshire , England -- 6 January 1915 in Manly , New South Wales , Australia ) had one of the oddest Test cricket careers , with only Joseph McMaster laying claim to a more unusual one .
Djamel Abdoun ( born 14 February 1986 ) is an Algerian professional footballer who plays for Veria as a winger .
Taran Kaur Dhillon ( born 29 July 1979 ) , known by her stage name Hard Kaur , is a British Indian rapper and hip hop singer ; as well as playback singer and actress in Bollywood .
Sahar Biniaz ( born 1986 ) is an Iranian - Canadian actress , model and beauty queen who won Miss Universe Canada 2012 but was replaced by Adwoa Yamoah at the Miss Universe 2012 pageant
Roderic Barrett was born on 8 January 1920 in Colchester into a radically non - conformist family .
Alec Evans ( born 1939 ) , is an Australian former rugby player and coach , known as Alex Evans in the United Kingdom .
Harry Hills ( 28 September 1886 , date of death unknown ) was an English cricketer .
Elizabeth Heyert ( New York City , 1951 ) is an American photographer and author .
Justus von Dohnányi ( born 2 December 1960 ) is a German actor , best known for portraying Wilhelm Burgdorf in 2004 film Der Untergang .
Richard A. Cohen ( born 1952 ) is an author , and promoter of conversion therapy .
Giannis Stathis ( Greek : Γιάννης Στάθης ; born 20 May 1987 ) is a Greek professional footballer who plays for Levadiakos .
Sir William Mitchell Banks ( 1842 - -1904 ) FRCS was a Scottish surgeon .
Stephen Joseph McGroarty ( 1830 -- January 2 , 1870 ) was an Irish American soldier who served in the Union Army during the American Civil War ..
Samuel Lloyd Noble , known as Lloyd Noble ( 30 November 1896 in Ardmore , Oklahoma -- 14 February 1950 in Houston , Texas ) , was an oilman and philanthropist , founder of the Noble Corporation and the The Samuel Roberts Noble Foundation .
Paschalis Melissas ( Greek : Πασχάλης Μελισσάς ; born 9 March 1982 ) is a footballer who last played for AE Larissa .
Scotty Robert Olson ( born 26 February 1968 ) , known as Scotty Olson , and nicknamed Bulldog is a Canadian former flyweight boxer .
Dragan Stojkov ( Macedonian : Драган Стојков , born on 23 February 1988 ) is a Macedonian professional footballer playing for Indy Eleven in the North American Soccer League .
Shaun MacGowan ( born 1988 ) is a UK - born violinist , keyboardist and guitarist , best known as the keyboardist and violinist of British doom metal band My Dying Bride .
Dr. Li - Chen Wang ( born 1935 ) is an American computer engineer , best known for his Palo Alto Tiny BASIC for Intel 8080-based microcomputers .
Ben Ehrenreich ( born 1972 ) is an American freelance journalist and novelist who lives in Los Angeles .
Andrew Cunningham Scott ( born 16 February 1952 ) is a British geologist , and professor emeritus at Royal Holloway University of London .
Josiah Harlan , Prince of Ghor ( 12 June 1799 − 1871 ) was an American adventurer , best known for travelling to Afghanistan and Punjab with the intention of making himself a king .
James Yearsley ( 1805 - -1869 ) , aural surgeon , was born in 1805 to a north - country family settled in Cheltenham .
Alexander Blevins ( born 1901 , date of death unknown ) was a policeman and Ulster Unionist politician .
Alassane Diago ( born 31 March 1985 ) is a Senegalese movie maker .
Sudarshan Agarwal ( born 19 June 1931 ) is the former Governor of Uttarakhand and Sikkim from October 2007 to July 2008 .
Richard Friese ( 15 December 1854 -- 29 June 1918 ) was a German animal and landscape painter .
Simon Whitlock ( born 3 March 1969 ) is an Australian professional darts player who plays in Professional Darts Corporation tournaments , having also played in the British Darts Organisation between 2004 - 2009 .
Franco Balmamion ( born 11 January 1940 ) , is an Italian former professional road racing cyclist who raced between 1960 and 1972 .
Bohuslav Balcar ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈboɦuslaf ˈbaltsar ) ; born 1943 ) is a Czech mathematician .
Wade Allison ( born 1941 ) is Emeritus Professor of Physics and Fellow of Keble College at Oxford University .
John Verran ( 9 July 1856 -- 7 June 1932 ) was the 26th Premier of South Australia from 1910 to 1912 and a senator for South Australia from August 1927 to November 1928 , representing the South Australian United Labor Party .
Günter Morge ( 13 August 1925 in Leipzig -- 21 January 1984 ) was a German entomologist who specialised in Diptera .
Guido Van Oevelen ( born 6 January 1950 ) was appointed as President of Caritas Catholica Flanders on 24 January 2008 , he succeeded Willy Geysen .
Mirjana Lazarova Trajkovska ( born 11 May 1963 ) is a Macedonian judge born in Strumica , Macedonia , and currently the judge of the European Court of Human Rights in respect of Macedonia .
Siva Shankar Baba ( Tamil : சிவ சங்கர் பாபா ) ( born 28 January 1949 ) , also known as Bābā , is a spiritual leader from Tamil Nadu , India .
Gretchen Baer ( born 1963 , Oak Bluffs , Massachusetts ) is a noted American painter and performance artist living in Bisbee , Arizona .
Baldrick Buckle ( born 1972 ) is a British - born artist and sculptor .
Admiral John Rogers Anderson , CMM CD ( born 9 September 1941 ) is a retired Canadian Forces officer and civil servant .
Markus Ringberg ( born 5 May 1976 ) is a Swedish football player who currently are player - coach for Mysen
Dr. Taras Kuzio ( born 1958 in Halifax , West Yorkshire , UK ) is an academic and expert in Ukrainian political , economic and security affairs .
Tim Kendall ( born 1970 ) is an English poet , editor and critic .
Valentin Mihov ( Bulgarian : Валентин Михов ) ( born on 18 January 1954 in Sofia ) is a former Bulgarian football player and administrator .
Aththachchi Nuwan Pradeep Roshan Fernando ( born 19 October 1986 ) , commonly known as Nuwan Pradeep , is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer who is playing for Tests and ODIs .
Isabelle Amyes ( born 13 June 1950 ) is an English actress best known for her role as Barbara Hunt in the British TV drama Bad Girls from 2000 - 2003 .
Maria Takolander , born in Melbourne in 1973 , is an Australian writer .
George Harcourt Vanden - Bampde - Johnstone , 3rd Baron Derwent ( 22 October 1899 -- 13 January 1949 ) , was a British author , diplomat and Liberal politician .
John Proby , 1st Baron Carysfort KB PC ( 25 November 1720 -- 18 October 1772 ) was a British Whig politician .
Patricia Santana ( born 1955 San Diego ) is a Latina American novelist .
Asin Thottumkal ( born 26 October 1985 ) , known mononymously as Asin , is an Indian actress and trained Bharathanatyam dancer .
Ladjie Soukouna ( born 15 December 1990 ) is a French footballer who can play in defence and midfield .
Bruno Vallespir ( born 1960 ) is a French engineer , and Professor of Enterprise Modelling at the University of Bordeaux , working in the fields of production management , performance evaluation and enterprise modeling .
Kjersti Ericsson ( born 18 January 1944 in Oslo ) is a Norwegian psychologist , criminologist , writer , poet and former politician .
David Mutinda Mutua ( born 20 April 1992 ) is an Kenyan middle distance runner who specialises in the 800 metres .
Dragoslav Račić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Драгослав Рачић ; 1905 - -1945 ) was a Serbian military commander holding the rank of Colonel during World War II .
David Waltner - Toews ( born 1948 ) is a Canadian epidemiologist , essayist , poet , fiction writer , veterinarian , and a specialist in the epidemiology of food and waterborne diseases , zoonoses and ecosystem health .
On April 27 , 1892 , Gottlieb Charles Wachter married Annie Clotier Robidou ( 1866 - 1941 ) .
Patrick Stübing ( born 1977 in Leipzig , East Germany ) is a German locksmith who has been in an relationship with his biological sister , Susan Karolewski , since 2001 .
Michel Bénard ( c. 1713 -- ? ) was a councillor of the Conseil Supérieur of New France .
Princess Maria Ludwiga Theresia of Bavaria ( 6 July 1872 -- 10 June 1954 ) was a daughter of the last King of Bavaria , Ludwig III , and his wife , Maria Theresia of Austria - Este .
Pavel Markov ( 1897 - -1980 ) was a Russian theatre critic , literary manager , and teacher .
José Riço Direitinho ( born Lisbon , 1965 ) is a Portuguese writer and literary critic .
Kurtdereli Mehmet Pehlivan ( 1864 in Bukurovo village near Tırnova -- April 11 , 1939 in Kurtdere village near Balıkesir ) was a wrestler .
İbrahim Ayhan ( born 10 February 1968 ) is a Turkish politician of Kurdish origin who has been a Member of Parliament for his hometown of Şanlıurfa since 12 June 2011 .
Leinil Francis Yu ( born July 31 , 1977 ) is a Filipino comic book artist , who began working for the American market through Wildstorm Productions .
Kees Torn ( born 1967 in Oostburg ) is a Dutch text writer and comedy performer .
Chris Steinmetz ( born 1966 ) is a record producer and engineer living in Chicago .
Ziyah Vastani ( born 8 December 2003 ) is an Indian bollywood and television child actress .
Povilas Lukšys ( born 7 July 1979 ) is a Lithuanian footballer who plays for the Lithuanian 1 Lyga club Utenis Utena as a striker .
Gérald Bloncourt ( born 1926 ) , also known as Gérard Bloncourt , is a Haitian painter and photographer resident in the suburbs of Paris , France .
Wannes Van Laer ( Ostend , 5 March 1985 ) is a professional Belgian sailor .
Frank Bridge ( 26 February 1879 -- 10 January 1941 ) was an English composer , violist and conductor .
Gillian Chan ( born 1954 ) is a Canadian children 's author who lives in Dundas , Ontario .
Lachy Hulme ( born 1 April 1971 ) is an Australian - born actor and screenwriter .
Vicente Zarzo Pitarch ( born 6 May 1938 ) is a Spanish horn player who has played as a soloist in several European and North American orchestras .
Michelle Engelsman ( born 9 December 1979 ) is an Australian former competition swimmer who specialised in sprint freestyle events .
Bohumir Kryl ( originally Bohumír Kryl , and sometimes spelled in the United States as Bohumil ) was born in Hořice , Bohemia , near Prague , on 2 May 1875 .
Panagis Vourloumis ( Greek : Παναγής Βουρλούμης ; 1867 - -1950 ) was a Greek politician , lawyer , economist and a finance minister .
Frank R. Wallace ( 1932 - -2006 ) , born Wallace Ward , was an American author , publisher and mail - order magnate .
Baron Cajetan von Felder ( German : Cajetan Freiherr von Felder ; 19 September 1814 -- 30 November 1894 ) was an Austrian lawyer , entomologist and liberal politician .
John Jorritsma ( born 1956 in Bolsward ) is the King 's Commissioner of the Dutch province of Friesland .
Frank Bartolillo ( born 22 December 1981 ) is a profoundly deaf Australian fencer .
Ingo Euler ( born 27 November 1971 in Freiburg i m Breisgau ) is a German rower .
William George MacCallum ( 18 April 1874 -- 3 February 1944 ) was a Canadian - American physician and pathologist .
Paola Suárez ( born 23 June 1976 ) is a retired professional tennis player .
Aage Oxenvad was born in the little village of Gettrup , near Thisted in the north of Jutland on 16 January 1884 .
Frozan Fana ( born 1969 ) was a candidate in the Afghan presidential election , 2009 .
Shu Lea Cheang ( born 1954 , Taiwan ) is a multimedia artist who works in the fields of net - based installation , social interface and film production .
Lazar Lemić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Лазар Лемић , born 20 September 1937 ) is a former football player .
Wesley Lautoa ( born 25 August 1987 in Epernay ) is a French footballer native of Wallis - et - Futuna .
Ferdinando Fairfax , 2nd Lord Fairfax of Cameron ( 29 March 1584 -- 14 March 1648 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1614 and 1648 .
L. Hunter Lovins ( née Sheldon , born 1950 ) is an author and a promoter of sustainable development for over 30 years , is president of Natural Capitalism Solutions , a 501(c)3 non - profit in Longmont , Colorado and the Chief Insurgent of the Madrone Project .
Robert Barbour Johnson ( 1907 - -1987 ) was an artist and writer of weird fiction , whose stories were admired by H.P. Lovecraft .
Denny Zeitlin ( born 10 April 1938 , in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American jazz pianist and composer , and a clinical professor of psychiatry at University of California , San Francisco .
Salvatore Giannone ( born 24 July 1936 ) is a retired Italian sprinter .
Chris Langdon ( born 1952 ) is a Los Angeles - based artist who produced a large body of work in many media , including painting , sculpture , graphics , assemblage , photography , film , and video .
Walter Lassally ( born 18 December 1926 ) is a German - born British cinematographer .
Colin Griffiths ( born 16 August 1983 ) is an English comedian , DJ , VJ and writer .
Jochū Tengin ( 如仲天誾 , also 恕仲天誾 ; 1363 - 1437 ) was a Sōtō Zen monk .
Bagrat de Bagration y de Baviera , also Bagrat Bagration - Moukhransky , Prince Bagration - Moukhransky ( born 12 January 1949 ) is Spanish - Georgian nobleman , member of the House of Mukhrani .
Martina Gusmán ( born 28 October 1978 ) is an Argentine actress and film producer .
Charles Ruxton ( 1726 - -1806 ) was an Irish MP and landowner in Ardee , County Louth .
Momchil Karailiev ( Bulgarian : Момчил Караилиев ) ( born 21 May 1982 ) is a Bulgarian triple jumper .
Rosa Branson MBE ( born 1933 ) is a British painter and fabric designer , living in Highgate , London .
Lidija Kuliš ( born 2 May 1992 ) is a Bosnian football striker who plays for Germany 's Turbine Potsdam .
Carles Coto Pagès ( born 11 February 1988 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Cypriot club Ethnikos Achna FC as a right winger .
Sonia Gaskell ( 14 April 1904 -- 9 July 1974 ) was a Lithuanian - Dutch - Jewish dancer , choreographer , dance teacher , and dance director .
Flor Minor ( b. 1961 ) is a Mexican sculptor and graphic artist , known for bronze sculptures and graphic work that generally depict the male form .
Carl Justus Hagman , ( born 14 February 1859 -- 28 February 1936 ) was a Swedish actor .
Nathan Otávio Ribeiro ( born 2 June 1990 ) , known simply as Nathan , is a naturalized Qatari footballer who plays for Al Rayyan in Qatar as a central defender .
Clive Fencott ( born 1952 ) is a writer and sound poet , a performer associated with the British Poetry Revival , and an academic .
William Coddington ( c. 1601 -- 1 November 1678 ) was an early magistrate of the Massachusetts Bay Colony , and later of the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations .
Liu Huanqi ( 1928 - 2014 ) was a military officer in the People 's Liberation Army Air Force of China .
Jack Swift ( born 8 August 1985 ) is an Australian athletics competitor and paratriathlete .
Christian Preußer ( born 23 January 1984 ) is a German football manager who last coached Rot - Weiß Erfurt .
Gustáv Slamečka ( born 5 June 1959 ) is a Czech politician of Slovak origin .
Valerie Frissen ( born 1960 in Puth ) holds the extraordinary professorship in `` ICT and Social Change '' at the Faculty of Philosophy at the Erasmus University Rotterdam where she belongs to the group of Professor Dr. Jos de Mul .
Bryan Norrie ( born 14 October 1983 ) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s and 2010s .
Ken Gonzales - Day ( born 1964 , Santa Clara , CA ) is an American artist living and working in Los Angeles best known for his photo - based conceptual projects exploring identity and the construction of race .
Frank - Jürgen Richter ( born 1967 ) is a German entrepreneur and currently the Chairman of Horasis .
Gregory Betts ( born 1975 ) is a Canadian poet , editor and professor .
Armindo Rodrigues Mendes Furtado ( born 16 November 1987 ) , commonly known as Brito , is a Cape Verdean professional footballer who plays for Recreativo do Libolo in Angola , mainly as a striker .
Maria Prytz ( born 18 October 1976 ; née Engholm ) is a Swedish curler .
Daniel J. Solove ( /ˈsoʊloʊv/ ; born 1972 ) is the John Marshall Harlan Research Professor of Law at the George Washington University Law School .
Lisbeth Klastrup ( born 1970 ) is a Danish scholar of new media .
Ian Mackintosh , MBE , ( born 26 July 1940 ; disappeared and presumed dead July 1979 ) was a Scottish naval officer , a writer of thriller novels , and a screenwriter for British television .
Austin Kleon ( born 16 June 1983 ) is a New York Times bestselling author of three books :
Siemen Danziger ( c. 1579 -- c. 1615 ) , better known by his anglicized names Zymen Danseker and Simon de Danser , was a 17th - century Dutch privateer and corsair .
Peter Medak ( born Medák Péter , 23 December 1937 ) is a Hungarian - born film director and television director of British and American productions .
Sheree Fitch ( born 3 December 1956 ) is a Canadian author and literacy advocate .
Gisela Hahn ( born Gisela Drenkhan 13 May 1943 ) is a German film actress .
Russell Docker ( born 15 May 1967 ) is a British Paralympic skier .
Charna Halpern ( born 1952 ) is a co - founder of the ImprovOlympic , now known as iO.
Vladimir Trapeznikov ( Russian : Трапе́зников Влади́мир Константи́нович ) ( born 13 September 1956 ) is an artistic director / production designer , and a member of the Union of Cinematographers of the Russian Federation since 1988 .
Thanasis Moulopoulos ( Greek : Θανάσης Μουλόπουλος ; born 9 June 1985 ) is a Greek footballer .
Boris Cherniak ( born 12 December 1964 ) is a Soviet - born Canadian - based entertainer , psychological illusionist , hypnotherapist , comedian hypnotist and motivational speaker that performs internationally .
Jan Kryštof Liška ( German : Johann Christoph Lischka ; c. 1650 -- August 23 , 1712 ) was a Czech Baroque painter .
Margaret Malcolm was the pseudonym of Edith Lyman Kuether ( May 17 , 1915 -- January 19 , 2013 ) , an American writer of over 100 romance novels at Mills & Boon from 1940 to 1981 .
Sir Hugh Park , ( 24 April 1910 -- 2001 ) was a Judge of the High Court , Queen 's Bench Division .
Cai Fuchao ( Chinese : 蔡赴朝 ; born April 1951 ) is a Chinese journalist , politician , and propaganda official .
Rami George Khouri was born 22 October 1948 in New York City to an Arab Palestinian Christian family .
Richard E. Mayer ( born 1947 ) is an American educational psychologist who has made significant contributions to theories of cognition and learning , especially as they relate to problem solving and the design of educational multimedia .
Hank Marr ( 30 January 1927 -- 16 March 2004 ) was a soul jazz and hard bop Hammond B3 organist and pianist born in Columbus , Ohio , probably best known for his many albums recorded under his own name for the Double - time record label .
Leandro Salino do Carmo ( born 22 April 1985 ) , known as Salino , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Greek club Olympiacos F.C. mainly as a right back .
Mihai Popescu ( born 15 March 1985 in Găești ) is a Romanian handballer who plays for French team Saint - Raphaël Var Handball and the Romanian national team .
Hsu Seu - Cheng or Xu Shuzheng ( traditional Chinese : 徐樹錚 ; simplified Chinese : 徐树铮 ; pinyin : Xú Shùzhēng ; Wade -- Giles : Hsü Shu - Cheng ; IPA : ( ɕú ʂùt͡ʂə̄ŋ ) ) ( 11 November 1880 -- 29 December 1925 ) , was a Chinese warlord in Republican China .
Wei Zhongxian ( 1568 -- December 12 , 1627 ) was a Chinese court eunuch who lived in the late Ming dynasty .
Roberto Mogrovejo ( born 19 June 1972 in Buenos Aires ) is a former Argentine football player that plays as a right winger .
Frederik , Crown Prince of Denmark , Count of Monpezat , RE , SKmd ( Frederik André Henrik Christian ; Danish pronunciation : ( ˈfʁæðˀʁæɡ̊ ) ; born 26 May 1968 ) is the heir apparent to the throne of Denmark .
Nino Firetto , ( born Anthony Edward Paolo Firetto , 30 June 1957 in Cheshunt , Hertfordshire ) is a British radio presenter , TV host and actor , currently based in San Francisco , USA .
Khoo Fuk - lung ( born 21 February 1964 ) , also known as James Khoo , is a Hong Kong manhua artist and writer .
Dr. Erika Szabó ( born 19 January 1959 ) is a Hungarian jurist and politician , who served as Secretary of State for Public Administration and Justice between 2 June 2010 and 5 June 2014 .
Rudolf Wolters ( August 3 , 1903 -- January 7 , 1983 ) was a German architect and government official , known for his longtime association with fellow architect and Third Reich official Albert Speer .
Takalani Ndlovu ( born 11 January 1978 ) , is a South African professional boxer with orthodox stance who goes by the nickname of `` Panther '' .
Leonidas Vokolos ( Greek : Λεωνίδας Βόκολος ) ( born 31 August 1970 ) is a former Greek footballer .
Thomas Blug , born in Saarbrücken in 1966 , is a German musician , guitarist , musical electronic engineer and composer .
Solveig Krey ( born 20 March 1963 ) is a Norwegian naval officer .
Thrangu Rinpoche ( Tibetan : ཁྲ་འགུ་ , Wylie : Khra-'gu ( ˈtʰran.ɡu ˈrinpotʃe ) ) was born in 1933 in Kham , Tibet .
Wayne Laryea ( born 11 April 1952 ) is a British musician and television actor .
Gustavo Rojo ( born 5 September 1923 ) is a Uruguayan film actor and producer .
Obaro Ejimiwe ( 18 January 1983 ) is a British vocalist and musician better known by his stage name Ghostpoet .
Peter Fröberg Idling ( born 1972 , in Stockholm ) is a Swedish writer and a literary critic .
Luke Hume ( born 26 January 1988 ) is an Australian - born American rugby union and rugby league player who plays for the USA Eagles and USA 7s rugby teams who last played for French club RC Narbonne in the Pro D2 during the 2013 - 14 season .
Mark Blair ( born 27 November 1974 ) is a British auto racing driver .
Cees Priem ( born 27 October 1950 ) is a retired Dutch professional road bicycle racer .
Ganpatrao Devji Tapase ( Marathi : गणपतराव देवजी तपासे ) ( 30 October 1908 - -3 October 1991 , Mumbai ) was an Indian politician , an Indian independence activist and later a leader of the Indian National Congress political party in Maharashtra .
John Rhys - Davies ( born 5 May 1944 ) is a Welsh actor and voice actor best known for his portrayal of Gimli in The Lord of the Rings trilogy and the charismatic Arab excavator Sallah in the Indiana Jones films .
Wit Szostak ( pen name ) ( born 1976 ) is a Polish fantasy writer , philosopher and historian of Polish music folklore .
Gary Coatsworth ( born 7 October 1968 in Sunderland ) is an English former footballer who played for Barnsley , Darlington , and Leicester City , for whom he played in the 1994 Football League First Division play - off Final victory over Derby County .
Born in Miami , Florida , in 1969 , Roe Ethridge grew up in the Atlanta , Georgia area .
Peter Temin ( born 17 December 1937 ) is an economist and economic historian , currently Gray Professor Emeritus of Economics , MIT and former head of the Economics Department .
Kanao Inouye ( 1916 -- August 27 , 1947 ) was a Canadian citizen convicted of high treason and war crimes for his actions during World War II . Known as the `` Kamloops Kid , '' he served as an interpreter and prison camp guard for the Imperial Japanese Army and the political police , or Kempeitai .
Marguerite Pomerhn - Derricks ( born 1961 ) , professionally known as Marguerite Derricks , is a former ballerina and a multi award - winning choreographer from Buffalo , New York .
Basit Igtet ( born 24 September 1970 ) is a Zurich based entrepreneur and Libyan national who has founded several companies in various sectors .
Gary Elphick ( born 17 October 1985 ) is an English footballer currently joint manager with Jon Meeney at Worthing , having been appointed in June 2015 .
Sunil Dhaniram ( born 17 October 1968 , Berbice , Guyana ) is a Canadian cricket player , who formerly played for Guyana from 1993 to 1995 .
John Montgomery Templeton ( 20 May 1840 -- 10 June 1908 ) was a Scottish Australian businessman and the author of non - forfeiture clause in life assurance policies .
Frank B. Salisbury ( August 3 , 1926 -- December 26 , 2015 ) was an American plant physiologist who served for a time as head of the Utah State University ( USU ) department of Plant science .
Lucio Rossi ( born 24 September 1955 ) is an Italian physicist who is working in the field of superconductivity .
Richard Towers ( Born Richard Hayles on 8 August 1979 ) is a British heavyweight boxer and current EBU - EU ( European Union ) Heavyweight Champion .
Josh Levin ( born 1980 ) is an American writer and the executive editor at Slate magazine .
Rav Wilding ( born 16 October 1977 ) is an English television presenter , whose former professions include security guard at Harrods , soldier , police officer and from June 2004 to December 2011 was a presenter on Crimewatch .
Jabulani Dhliwayo ( born 15 April 1960 ) is an ICT expert and the founder of ICT Africa .
Carl Graham ( born 6 January 1984 in Reading ) is an English professional Ice Hockey player , currently playing for the Bracknell Bees in the EPIHL .
Zhang Cunbiao ( Chinese : 张存彪 ; born 11 February 1969 ) is a Chinese former track and field athlete who competed in the discus throw .
Xiao Tian ( Chinese : 肖天 ; pinyin : Xiāo Tiān ; born 1955 ) is a former Chinese fencer and sports administrator .
Sue Sanders Emeritus Professor Harvey Milk Institute 2015 ( born in 1947 in London ) is , an `` out and proud '' lesbian , a British LGBT rights activist who has specialized in challenging oppression in the public and voluntary sectors for over forty years .
Jandson dos Santos ( born 16 September 1986 ) , simply known as Jandson , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Buriram United as a striker .
Lawrence William Adamson , the second , but only surviving son of Lawrence Adamson , HM 's Seneschal of the Isle of Man and barrister - at - law , was born on 16 July 1829 .
Erwin Spitzner ( born 29 April 1994 ) is a Brazilian football Defender .
Samuel T. Day ( 1828 -- December 26 , 1877 ) was an American physician , plantation owner , and politician who served as the fourth Lieutenant Governor of Florida , from January 3 , 1871 to June 3 , 1872 .
Sangita Kalanidhi Rallapalli Ananta Krishna Sharma ( Telugu : రాళ్ళపల్లి అనంతకృష్ణశర్మ ) ( 23 January 1893 - 11 March 1979 ) was a noted composer of Carnatic music , singer as well as a writer .
Davide Dionigi ( born 10 January 1974 in Modena ) is a former Italian footballer and current manager without any club .
Sada Thioub ( 1 June 1995 ) is a French footballer who plays as a striker for OGC Nice in Ligue 1 .
Dennis Rollins ( born 1964 ) is a British jazz trombonist , the founder and bandleader of BadBone and Co.
Mark de Bretton Platts ( born 1947 ) is a philosopher at the Instituto de Investigaciones Filosóficas de la Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México ( Institute for Philosophical Investigation , National Autonomous University of Mexico ) .
Ella Mastrantonio ( born 22 January 1992 ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) player who plays for Australian W - League team Perth Glory .
Eileen Quinlan ( born 1972 in Boston , Massachusetts ) is a self - described still - life photographer who shoots with medium format and large format cameras .
Andreas Lasnik ( born 9 November 1983 ) is an Austrian footballer who is playing for Panionios
Peter Gál - Andrezly ( born 3 May 1990 ) is a Slovak footballer , who currently plays for the Fortuna Liga club ŽP Šport Podbrezová .
The Rt . Hon . Richard Edmund Meredith PC , QC ( 18 November 1855 - 26 January 1916 ) , was the Master of the Rolls in Ireland , a Privy Councillor , Judge of the Supreme Court of Ireland and Judicial Commissioner of the Irish Land Commission .
Zakir Sadíq ulı Rämiev ( 1859 - -1921 , ( zæˈkir ræˈmiʲəf ) , Tatar : Закир Садыйк улы Рәмиев , Russian : Закир Садыкович Рамеев , Zakir Ramiyev ) who used the pen name Därdemänd or Derdmend ( Tatar : Дәрдмәнд , ( dærdˈmænd ) ) was a famous Tatar poet , manufacturer and patron of arts .
Gloria Guardia ( born 1940 ) is a Panamanian novelist , essayist and journalist whose works have received important recognition in Latin America , Australia and Europe .
Luiz Augusto Zanon ( born 17 June 1963 ) is a Brazilian basketball coach for the Brazilian national team , which participated at the 2014 FIBA World Championship for Women .
Boris Kuschnir ( born 1948 ) is an Austrian violinist and academic .
Ramesh C. Deka ( Assamese : ৰমেশ চন্দ্ৰ ডেকা ; born 1 October 1948 in Assam ) is an ENT specialist and the Ex - Director of All India Institute of Medical Sciences , which is globally recognised as the premier Medical Institute of India .
Babette Bardot ( born 1940 ) is the stage name of a Swedish actress who appeared in Russ Meyer 's films , including Common Law Cabin and Mondo Topless .
Jamal Al - Gashey ( Arabic : جمال الجاشي‎ ; born 1953 ? ) was a member of the Black September offshoot of the Palestine Liberation Organization and is the last surviving member of the group of eight Black September members who carried out the massacre of eleven Israeli athletes during the 1972 Munich Olympics .
Chandan Hajuri ( 20 January 1827 -- 1870 ) popularly known as ' Chakhi Khuntia ' was a Jagannath Temple priest and a poet who participated in the Indian Rebellion of 1857 .
Gabrielle Gardiner ( born 11 December 1998 ) , known by her stage name Gabz , is a British singer - songwriter from Stevenage , who reached the final of the seventh series of Britain 's Got Talent in 2013 .
Sandeep Bhagwati ( born 4 June 1963 ) is a German - Indian composer of western classical music and an academic teacher .
Dambiijavyn Terbaatar ( Mongolian : Дамбийжавын Тэрбаатар ; born 1 November 1968 ) is a Mongolian international footballer .
Reginald Vaughn Finley , Sr . ( born in 1974 ) is an Informal Science and Critical Thinking Educator .
Aloísio full name Aloísio da Silva Filho ( born 9 December 1974 ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Potiguar de Mossoró .
Dimitrios Hatzis ( Greek : Δημήτριος Χατζής , 1913 - -1981 ) was a Greek novelist and journalist .
Ülle Kukk ( born 18 November 1937 in Tartu ) is an Estonian botanist and conservationist .
Ambalavaner Sivanandan ( born 20 December 1923 , in Colombo ) is a Sri Lankan novelist , and director of the Institute of Race Relations , a London - based independent educational charity .
Andrey Yurkov ( sometimes listed as Andrey Jurkov , born 18 November 1983 ) is a Russian bobsledder who has competed since 2007 .
Patrick Magruder ( 1768 -- 24 December 1819 ) was the second Librarian of the United States Congress , serving from 1807 to 1815 .
Bojan Zavišić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бојан Завишић ; born 9 August 1979 ) is a Serbian former footballer .
Michael Shall ( 1949 -- February 9 , 1995 ) was a teacher , practitioner , and promoter of origami ( paper folding ) .
Robert Szczepański ( born 1 June 1975 ) is a Polish boxer , powerlifter and strongman competitor .
Joseph Crawhall II ( 1821 - -1896 ) was born at West House , Newcastle .
Hugh MacMahon ( 1660 - -1737 ) was Bishop of Clogher 1707 - -1715 and Archbishop of Armagh 1715 - -1737 .
Tony Brock ( born 31 March 1954 , Poole , Dorset , England ) is a British rock drummer , who is best known as the drummer and occasional vocalist for the English group The Babys .
Kostja Gatnik ( born 11 September 1945 ) is a Slovene artist , graphic designer and illustrator , best known for his illustrations in children 's books .
Jess Conrad OBE ( born Gerald Arthur James on 24 February 1936 ) is an actor and singer from England .
Tan Tolga Demirci ( born 31 December 1974 , İstanbul ) is a director , writer .
Christos Tsiamoulis ( Χρήστος Τσιαμούλης , born Athens 1961 ) is a Greek musicologist and musician .
Terry Snow ( b. 1943 in Canberra ) is an Australian businessman ( trained accountant ) , entrepreneur , and self - proclaimed philanthropist based in Canberra in the Australian Capital Territory .
Douglas Ahlstedt ( born 16 March 1945 , Jamestown , New York ) is an American operatic tenor who had an international performance career with major opera houses from the 1970s through the 1990s .
Tara Oram ( born 28 April 1984 in Hare Bay , Newfoundland and Labrador ) is a Canadian country music recording artist and a top six finalist on the fifth season of Canadian Idol in 2007 .
Felice Colombo ( born 24 August 1937 ) is an Italian businessman , past chairman of A.C. Milan from 1977 to 1980 .
Maxwell Santos Silva ( born 23 April 1979 ) is a Brazilian football player who is now playing in South China .
Anjum Chopra ( born 20 May 1977 ) is an Indian Women Cricketer .
Ebenezer Battelle ( 1754 - 1815 ) was an American Revolutionary War veteran , a bookseller in Boston , Massachusetts , and a settler of Marietta , Ohio , in the late 18th century .
Vladimirs Babičevs ( born 22 April 1968 ) is a Latvian football manager and a former footballer .
Bernardino Ricca or Ricco ( Cremona , 1450- ? ) was an Italian painter .
Frode Saugestad ( born 2 . April 1974 in Namsos ) is a Norwegian literary scholar , publisher and adventurer .
Mahmood Al - Yousif ( Arabic : محمود اليوسف‎ ) ( born 1962 ) also known as The Blogfather is a highly influential Web - log Award ( Bloggie ) nominated Bahraini blogger and political activist .
Josh Thewlis ( born 20 July 1984 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Sydney in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Lancelot Speed ( 1860 - -1931 ) was a Victorian illustrator of books , usually of a fantastical or romantic nature .
Lynette Horsburgh ( born 8 February 1974 ) is a Scottish semi - professional pool and snooker player and professional BBC Web content producer .
Fred the Undercover Kitty ( May 2005 - August 10 , 2006 ) was a domestic shorthaired cat who gained attention for his undercover work with the New York Police Department and the Brooklyn District Attorney 's Office in the arrest of a suspect posing as a veterinary care provider .
Michael Nnachi Okoro ( born 1 November 1940 ) has been the Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Abakaliki since 19 February 1983 .
Jan Zwicky ( born 10 May 1955 ) is a Canadian philosopher , poet , essayist , and musician .
Jerzy Drzewiecki ( 1902 - 1990 ) was a Polish aeroplane constructor , an engineer and one of the founders of the RWD construction bureau , along with Rogalski and Wigura .
Dhruva Sarja ( Kannada : ಧ್ರುವ ಸರ್ಜಾ ; born 6 October 1988 ) is an Indian film actor working in Kannada film industry .
Ljubo Milicevic ( Croatian : Ljubo Miličević ; born 13 February 1981 ) is an Australian footballer .
Haitam Aleesami ( born 31 July 1991 ) is a Norwegian footballer of Moroccan descent who plays for IFK Göteborg in Allsvenskan as a defender .
Noraishah Abdul Aziz ( born 14 May 1971 ) or better known by her commercial name , Nasha Aziz , is a Malaysian model and an actress .
John Mateer ( born 1971 ) is a South African - born Australian poet and author .
Ngeri Benebo , MFR ( born 11 May 1955 ) is a Nigerian medical doctor and public health specialist .
Lin Xiao ( Chinese : 林晓 ) ( born 1920 ) was a People 's Republic of China politician .
Mollie Dent - Brocklehurst ( born c. 1971 ) is the director of London 's Pace Gallery is also co - owner of Sudeley Castle , where she has curated art and sculpture exhibitions .
Nawab Muhammad Aslam Raisani ( Urdu : نواب محمد اسلم خان رئیسانی‎ ) ( born 5 July 1955 in Sarawan , Balochistan ) was the Chief Minister of Balochistan from 9 April 2008 till 14 January 2013 .
Arthur Wilkinson ( 3 September 1919 -- 1968 ) was a British orchestral composer and arranger .
Joaquín de Mendizábal y Tamborrel ( Puebla , 29 March 1852 - México , 8 September 1926 ) was a Mexican topographical engineer .
Noémi Németh ( born 7 April 1986 ) is a Hungarian hammer thrower .
Laurent Louis ( born 29 February 1980 ) is a French - speaking Belgian politician and former member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives .
Derwain Jamal Easter ( born 15 November 1987 ) is a Welsh footballer who is currently playing for Bridgend Town .
Majorian ( Latin : Flavius Iulius Valerius Maiorianus Augustus ; ca . 420 -- August 7 , 461 ) was the Western Roman Emperor from 457 to 461 .
Allan Schulman ( 15 September 1919 -- 12 July 2003 ) was a Swedish - Finnish journalist and television producer .
Giles Milton ( born 15 January 1966 ) is a writer who specialises in narrative history .
Richard S. Brown ( born March 31 , 1946 ) is an American jurist and the retired chief judge of the Wisconsin Court of Appeals .
Steven Ross ( born 29 August 1993 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Dumbarton in the Scottish Championship as a striker .
Roland Bader ( born 24 August 1938 ) is a German choral conductor and music director .
Arnim Tölke , a contemporary German painter was born in Göttingen in 1963 .
Mal Young ( born 26 January 1957 ) is a British television producer , script writer and executive producer .
P. Jeevanandham was born in the town of Boothapandi , in the then princely state of Travancore ( which is now in Kanyakumari District of Tamil Nadu ) into an orthodox middle - class family on 21 August 1907 .
Andrei Yevgenyevich Ivanov ( Russian : Андрей Евгеньевич Иванов ) ( 6 April 1967 -- 19 May 2009 ) was a Russian international footballer who played as left - back .
Roman Bezjak ( born 21 February 1989 ) is a Slovenian footballer who currently plays as a striker for Prva HNL side HNK Rijeka and the Slovenian national team .
James I. McCord ( * 1919 in Breadalbane , Ontario ; † February 19 , 1990 ) was a president of Princeton Theological Seminary .
Dean Mitchell ( born 1957 ) is an American figurative artist who works primarily in watercolor and oil paint .
Johan Åberg ( born 17 April 1972 ) is a Swedish music producer , songwriter and manager .
José Rodrigo Aréchiga Gamboa ( born 15 June 1980 ) , commonly referred to by his alias `` El Chino Ántrax '' , is an imprisoned Mexican drug lord , professional hitman , and high - ranking leader of the Sinaloa Cartel , a drug trafficking organization .
Ferdinand Carl Maria Wedel - Jarlsberg ( 1 December 1781 -- 16 April 1857 ) was a Norwegian military officer and a baron .
Gary Barlow OBE ( born 20 January 1971 ) is an English singer , songwriter , pianist , composer and record producer .
Chisato Mishima was born on November 17 , 1967 in Nagoya , Japan She was a Japan national gymnastics champion during high school .
Hussein M. Zbib ( born 1958 in Beirut , Lebanon ) is a professor of mechanical and materials science engineering at Washington State University , where he has also served as Director of the School of Mechanical and Materials Engineering , and Director of the Computational Mechanics and Materials Laboratory .
Paco Montalvo ( born 19 November 1992 ) is a Spanish classical musician and creator of flamenco violin as the main voice .
Heiner Schuhmann ( born 4 November 1948 ) is a retired German footballer and coach best known for his time at FC Augsburg .
Yasmin Fahimi ( born 25 December 1967 in Hannover ) is a German politician and was from January 2014 to December 2015 the general secretary of the Social Democratic Party ( SPD ) .
Susse Wold ( born 17 November 1938 ) is a stage and screen actress whose career has spanned five decades .
Raffaele Ciappa ( born Fanno 1760 - died after 1820s ) was an Italian painter , active in a Neoclassical style .
Fred Espenak ( born 1953 ) is a retired emeritus American astrophysicist .
Doron Saphir ( born 1959 ) is a Deputy Mayor of Tel Aviv - Jaffa and substitute mayor since 1996 .
Christian Ward ( born 1980 ) is a British poet , writer , and translator .
Park Jong - chan ( Hangul : 박종찬 ; born 2 October 1981 ) is a retired South Korean footballer who played as midfielder .
Ian Woodley ( born 1960 ) is an English millionaire game show winner and professional poker player , based in Lee , South London .
Helen Khal ( 1923 - 2009 ) was an American born artist and critic of Lebanese descent .
Jan Wyrowiński ( born 27 August 1947 , Brusy ) is a Polish politician and Kashubian activist .
Katarzyna Rogowiec ( born 14 October 1977 ) is a Polish Paralympian .
Esteban Rodríguez Miró y Sabater ( 1744 -- June 4 , 1795 ) , also known as Esteban Miro and Estevan Miro , was a Spanish army officer and governor of the Spanish American provinces of Louisiana and Florida .
Juan Antonio Ipiña ( born 23 August 1912 in Ortuella ; died September 7 , 1974 ) was a Spanish football manager .
Giovanni Gravenbeek ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˌdʒijoː.ˈvɑ.ni ˈɣraː.və(n).ˌbeːk ) ) ( born 11 May 1988 ) is a Dutch professional footballer .
Vikram Kadian ( aka Raju ) ( born 30 December 1974 ) is an Indian politician and social activist , belonging to the Bhartiya Janata Party ( BJP ) .
Rohan Gunaratna ( born 1961 ) is an international terrorism expert .
Andrew Phillip Smith ( born 1966 ) is a Welsh writer who has written books on Gnosticism , Cathars and Mandaeans .
Samuel Aziz ( born 5 July 1991 ) is a Swedish footballer of Ethiopian descent who is currently a free agent .
Annamária Király ( born 29 August 1985 ) is a Hungarian team handball goalkeeper who is currently under contract with Debreceni VSC .
Peter Johns ( 19 April 1830 -- 24 September 1899 ) was an Australian mechanical engineer who founded the company Johns & Waygood .
George Anthony Frendo O.P. ( born 4 April 1946 ) is a Maltese prelate who serves as the Auxiliary Bishop of Tiranë - Durrës in Albania .
Zhao Chou ( 趙犨 ) ( 824 - 889 ) was a warlord late in the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , whose power base was at Chen Prefecture ( 陳州 , in modern Zhumadian , Henan ) .
Meline Daluzyan ( Armenian : Մելինե Դալուզյան , born 20 April 1988 in Leninakan , Armenian SSR ) is an Armenian weightlifter .
Selami Altınok ( born 1966 ) is a Turkish civil servant who served as the Minister of the Interior in the interim election government formed by Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoğlu between 28 August and 17 November 2015 .
Conor McKenna ( born 28 March 1996 ) is an Australian rules footballer playing for the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Claudio Giorgi ( born in 1944 ) is an Italian actor and film director , active between the 1970s and the early 1980s .
The Hon . Thomas Lodge Murray - Prior of Maroon ( Wells , Somerset , England , 13 November 1819 -- Albion , Queensland , 31 December 1892 ) was an Australian politician .
Rev. Thomas J. O'Hara , C.S.C. , Ph.D. ( born March 16 , 1949 ) is provincial of the U.S. Province of Priests and Brothers of the Congregation of Holy Cross .
Terry Wight ( born 11 November 1956 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood and Footscray in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Nancy K. Miller ( born 1941 ) is an American literary scholar and memoirist .
Elghalia Djimi ( Arabic : الغالية ادجيمي‎ ; born 28 May 1961 ) is the vice president of the organization Sahrawi Association of Victims of Grave Human Rights Violations Committed by the Moroccan State .
Major - General Sir Charles Broke Vere KCB KCH ( 21 February 1779 -- 1 April 1843 ) , né Broke , was a British soldier and Conservative Member of Parliament .
Irving Grundman ( born c. 1928 ) is a former general manager of the Montreal Canadiens .
Dean Gaskell , born 12 April 1983 is a retired English rugby league player .
Hortense Clémentine Tanvet was a French sculptor , born on 19 November 1880 and who died on 13 February 1981 .
David Passaro ( born 1966 ) is a former CIA contractor and U.S. Army Ranger who was charged with assault in connection with the June 21 , 2003 death of Abdul Wali .
Edward Hult , born 1978 , is the CEO of EF North America , a division of EF Education First , an education organization founded by his father Bertil Hult .
Nasser Al - Othman ( Arabic : ناصر العثمان‎ ; born in 1939 , full name Nasser Mohammed Al - Othman Fakhroo ) is a Qatari journalist and author .
Zeng Sini ( Chinese : 曾思妮 ; pinyin : Zēng Sīní ; born 3 January 1988 ) is a Chinese cyclist .
Stevi Jackson ( born 23 June 1951 ) , is an academic and writer working in the field of gender and sexuality .
Lincoln Henry Jelliff ( 26 April 1865 -- 24 September 1962 ) served as a Member of Parliament in the Lethbridge riding from 1921 to 1930 .
Don Shepherd ( born Donald John Shepherd , 12 August 1927 , Port Eynon , Glamorgan , Wales ) was a Welsh cricketer , who played for Glamorgan .
Warren Campbell ( born 19 October 1974 ) is a former Australian rules footballer for North Melbourne in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) , South Fremantle in the West Australian Football League ( WAFL ) and St Mary 's in the Northern Territory Football League ( NTFL ) .
Mary Curtis Richardson ( 9 April 1848 in New York City -- 1 November 1931 in San Francisco ) was an impressionist painter and known as the `` Mary Cassatt of the West '' .
Job Harriman ( January 15 , 1861 - October 26 , 1925 ) was an ordained minister who later became an agnostic and a socialist .
René V. Dawis ( born 1928 ) is an American psychology professor .
Boaz Weinstein ( born in 1973 ) is an American derivatives trader and hedge fund manager .
Thomais Orsini ( born ca . 1330 ) was the queen consort of the Serbian tsar and ruler of Epirus and Thessaly , Simeon Uroš Palaiologos .
Susanna Paine , also known as Susannah and Susan ( June 9 , 1792 -- November 10 , 1862 ) , was an American portrait artist in New England in the 19th century .
Varian Johnson ( born in 1977 ) is an American writer , who writes contemporary young adult literature .
Clarence Öfwerman , born 22 November 1957 , is best known as the longtime producer of Roxette , having been with the band from their debut album Pearls of Passion in 1986 through to 2012 's Travelling , Roxette 's latest studio album .
M. Sukumaran ( born 1943 ) is an author and short story writer in Malayalam .
Anastasia Gosteva ( born 2 February 1975 ) is a Russian writer , journalist and translator who since the late 1990s has published a number of successful novels .
Dame Gillian Morgan , DBE ( born in Llwynypia , 1953 ) was Permanent Secretary to the Welsh Assembly Government between 1 May 2008 and August 2012 .
Diana Ferrus ( born 29 August 1953 , Worcester , Western Cape ) is a South African writer , poet and storyteller of mixed Khoisan and slave ancestry .
Kristel Lisberg ( born in 1989 in Tórshavn , grew up in the Tvøroyri ) is a Faroese singer and optometrist .
Christophe Coin ( French : ( kwɛ̃ ) ; born 26 January 1958 ) is a French cellist , viola da gamba player and conductor active in the field of historically informed performance .
Ward Wellington Ward ( 1875 - -1932 ) was an American architect who worked mostly in Syracuse , New York .
Sava Damjanov ( Serbian Cyrillic : Сава Дамјанов ; born 29 September 1956 ) is a Serbian novelist , literary critic , short story writer , and literary historian .
Robert Chartham was the pseudonym of Ronald Sydney Seth ( 5 June 1911 , England -- 1 February 1985 ) , a British writer who used the name Chartham for his activity as a sexologist and the name Seth for travel books and books about espionage .
Viktor Shapoval ( Ukrainian : Віктор Шаповал , born 17 October 1979 ) is a Ukrainian high jumper .
Stefano Landi ( baptized 26 February 1587 -- 28 October 1639 ) was an Italian composer and teacher of the early Baroque Roman School .
Jessica Nilsson ( born 11 January 1965 ) is a Swedish director based in Denmark .
Albert Butz ( 1849 - -1905 ) Swiss born inventor and businessman who immigrated to the United States in the 1850s and founded the Butz Thermo - electric Regulator Company that , through a series of re - organizations , name changes , and mergers , became Honeywell , Incorporated .
Thelma Peake ( née Mason , born 30 April 1914 ) is a retired Australian track and field athlete who won gold and bronze medals at the 1938 British Empire Games in Sydney .
Frank Ives Scudamore ( 1823 - -1884 ) was an English Post Office reformer and writer .
José Jorge Loureiro ( 23 April 1791 - 1 June 1860 ) was a Portuguese soldier and politician at the time of the monarchy .
Sharlene Rädlein ( born 8 September 1990 in Kingston ) is a Jamaican model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Jamaica Universe 2015 and represented her country at the Miss Universe 2015 pageant .
Joseph Wolff ( 1795 -- 2 May 1862 ) , a Jewish Christian missionary , was born at Weilersbach , near Bamberg , Germany .
Sékou Kouréissy Condé ( born 1954 ) is a Guinean politician and academic .
Moses Isegawa , also known as Sey Wava ( born 10 August 1963 ) , is a Ugandan author .
Irwin Federman ( born 1936 ) is an American businessman , philanthropist and General Partner of U.S. Venture Partners .
Gustav Franke ( born 4 December 1937 in Grottkan Schesein , Germany ) , is a former German International motorcycle trials rider .
Percy Chapman Black ( 11 January 1878 -- 16 September 1961 ) was a Canadian politician , businessman and farmer .
G. Bruce Boyer ( born 1941 ) is a journalist who was the fashion editor for Town & Country .
Alex Brummer ( born 25 May 1949 ) is a British economics commentator , working as a journalist , editor , and author .
Elizabeth Macquarie ( 1778 - -1835 ) was the second wife of Lachlan Macquarie who served as Governor of New South Wales from 1810 to 1821 .
Stanisław Jackowski ( 1887 in Warsaw -- 1951 in Katowice ) was a Polish sculptor , and nephew of novelist Bolesław Prus .
Chay Wai Chuen ( Chinese : 谢惠泉 , born 5 March 1950 ) is a Singaporean former Member of Parliament ( MP ) .
Smári McCarthy ( born 7 February 1984 ) is an Icelandic / Irish innovator and information activist .
Rose Akol Okullu , commonly known as Rose Akol ( born 27 November 1964 ) , is a Ugandan accountant and politician .
Lillian Chalmers ( born 5 December 1911 ) is an English athlete who competed in the 1934 British Empire Games .
Professor Chang Hsin - kang , GBS , JP , FREng ( simplified Chinese : 张信刚 ; traditional Chinese : 張信剛 ; pinyin : Zhāng Xìngāng ; born 9 July 1940 , Shenyang , Liaoning , China ) , was the President of City University of Hong Kong .
Silvestre Siale Bileka ( born 1939 ? ) is an Equato - Guinean politician .
Claus Tuchscherer ( born 14 January 1955 ) was an East German nordic combined skier who competed in the 1970s .
Stanoje Jocić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Станоје Јоцић ; born 5 June 1932 ) was a Serbian football player and a Yugoslav international .
Rogier Veenstra ( born 17 September 1987 ) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a winger or striker for amateurs Kloetinge .
Stanoje Stamatović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Станоје Стаматовић ) , known as Stanoje Glavaš ( Станоје Главаш ; 21 February 1763 -- 25 February 1815 ) was a Serbian hajduk and hero in the First Serbian Uprising .
Bonino Mombrizio ( Mombritius ) ( 1424 - between 1482 and 1502 , perhaps 1500 ) was an Italian philologist , humanist , and editor of ancient writings .
Ian Penman ( born 1959 ) is a British writer , music journalist , and critic .
Robert Hamish McCutcheon ( born 1947 ) , known as Sandy McCutcheon is an Australian author , playwright , actor , journalist and broadcaster .
Cliff Eisen ( born in Toronto , 21 January 1952 ) is a Canadian musicologist and a Mozart expert .
Darryl White ( born 12 June 1973 ) is an Australian rules footballer whose career with the Brisbane Bears and Lions in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) lasted from 1992 to 2005 .
Stefano Cerioni ( born 24 January 1964 ) is an Italian foil fencer , Olympic team champion in 1984 , Olympic champion in 1988 and World team champion in 1985 and 1994 .
Pamfil Polonic ( 27 August 1858 -- 17 April 1943 ) was a Romanian archaeologist and topographer .
Tao Rodríguez - Seeger ( born 1972 ) is an American contemporary folk musician .
Warwick Draper ( born 23 September 1976 in Melbourne ) is an Australian slalom canoeist who has competed since the mid-1990s .
Thomas Bott ( 1688 - -1754 ) was an English cleric of the Church of England , known as a controversialist .
Joan Hill ( born 1930 ) , also known as Che - se - quah , is a Muscogee Creek artist of Cherokee ancestry .
Walter Whitehurst ( 7 June 1934 -- 20 January 2012 ) was an English footballer .
Gorka Izagirre Insausti ( born 7 October 1987 ) is a professional cyclist , who rides for the UCI ProTeam , Movistar Team .
Nora Swinburne ( born Leonora Mary Johnson ; 24 July 1902 -- 1 May 2000 ) was a British actress , best known for her appearances in many British films .
Anthony Bale ( born 1975 ) is an English medievalist .
Debra Bloomfield ( born in Los Angeles , California in 1952 ) is an American photographer .
Mirian Tsalkalamanidze ( b. 20 April 1927 -- d. 3 August 2000 ) was a Soviet wrestler and Olympic champion in Freestyle wrestling .
James M. Davis ( born 1948 ) is the former chief financial officer of Stanford Financial Group .
Prince Pedro Thiago of Orléans - Braganza ( born 12 January 1979 ) is a member of the Brazilian Imperial Family .
Jonathan Ellis ( born 4 April 1982 is an English professional wrestler , better known by his ring name Jedrek Grabowski . He competes for promotions including Lucha Britannia , PROGRESS Wrestling , Future Pro Wrestling ( FPW ) and previously competed for the now defunct British Wrestling Evolution ( BWE )
Dagpo Rinpoche ( born 1932 ) , also known as Bamchoe Rinpoche , is a lama in the Tibetan Buddhist tradition .
Shaun McKeown ( born 2 March 1980 ) is a Paralympic track and road cyclist for Great Britain .
Earl Lincoln Poole ( 1891 - -1972 ) was an American wildlife artist , sculptor , author , and naturalist .
Marjorie Hope Nicolson ( February 18 , 1894 -- March 9 , 1981 ) , was an American literary scholar .
Born on 11 April 1968 at Batala , Gurpartap Singh Mann belongs to a prominent agricultural family from Punjab ; his father , S. Bhupinder Singh Mann , is a famous farmer 's leader of the Bharti Kisan Union who also remained a Member of Parliament in Rajya Sabha .
Adriána Alonso Barona ( Born 6 April 1994 ) , known as Adrián Alonso , is a Mexican actor .
Margo Kingston ( born 1959 ) is an Australian journalist , author , and commentator .
Eldred Tabachnik , QC ( born 5 November 1943 ) is a South African - born English barrister , recorder and a former president of the Board of Deputies of British Jews .
Dr. János Hargitai ( born 24 April 1958 ) is a Hungarian jurist , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) for Mohács ( Baranya County Constituency V then III ) since 1998 .
Chi Cao ( Chinese : 曹驰 ; pinyin : Cáo Chí ; b. March 22 , 1978 ) is a British ballet dancer born in China .
Yohan Mollo ( born 18 July 1989 ) is a French footballer who is playing for FC Krylia Sovetov Samara in Russia on loan from Saint - Étienne .
William Esuman - Gwira Sekyi , better known as Kobina Sekyi ( 1 November 1892 , Cape Coast -- 1956 ) was a nationalist lawyer , politician and writer in the Gold Coast .
Michael Lyng ( born 7 February 1985 ) is a Gaelic footballer in Ireland .
Nick Grono ( born 22 July 1966 ) is an Australian human rights campaigner who heads the Freedom Fund -- the world 's first private donor fund dedicated to ending slavery .
Gaetano Bisleti S.T.D. ( 20 March 1856 -- 30 August 1937 ) was a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and was former Prefect of the Sacred Congregation for Catholic Education .
Lina Chatkevičiūtė ( born 1981 ) is a professional Lithuanian ballroom dancer .
Dalmacio Langarica Lizasoain ( 5 December 1919 -- 24 January 1985 ) was a Spanish professional road racing cyclist during the 1940s and 1950s and a directeur sportif in the 1970s .
Jack V. Lunzer ( born in 1924 ) is a retired industrial diamond merchant and the creator and custodian of the Valmadonna Trust Library .
Adrian Cruciat ( born 31 March 1983 ) is former a Romanian tennis player .
Olga Kochetkova ( Russian : Ольга Кочеткова ; born 1 November 1979 ) is a retired Russian backstroke swimmer who won a silver medal in the 4×100 m medley relay at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships .
Edicson Ruiz ( born 11 May 1985 in Caracas , Venezuela ) is a Venezuelan double - bass player .
Johann Rudolf Tschiffeli ( 16 December 1716 - 15 January 1780 ) was a Swiss agronomist who founded the Economic Society of Berne in 1758 .
Nguyễn Văn Hinh ( 1915 - -2004 ) was appointed the Vietnamese National Army Chief of Staff by Emperor Bảo Đại .
Verne Sankey ( 1890-February 8 , 1934 ) and Gordon Alcorn were a pair of Depression - era outlaws whose successful kidnappings of Haskell Bohn and Charles Boettcher II in 1932 made them two of the most wanted criminals in the United States , and inspired a number of other kidnappings across the country .
Dr Glen Milton Storr ( 1921 - 1990 ) was an Australian ornithologist and herpetologist .
Ad Sluijter ( born 29 November 1981 ) is a Dutch guitarist who is mostly known for his work with the Dutch symphonic metal band Epica .
Jean - Pierre Laffont ( born 1935 in Algeria ) is a photojournalist , based in New York , and was the founding member of Gamma USA and Sygma Photo News , the largest photography agency in the world , which in 1999 was acquired by the Corbis Corporation .
César Graña ( 1919 , Peru -- August 22 , 1986 , Spain ) was an American sociologist and anthropologist of Peruvian origin .
Francis G. Fitzpatrick ( 1903 -- May 15 , 1992 ) was the mayor of Bayonne , New Jersey in the United States from 1962 to 1974 .
Paul Truscott ( born 1 May 1986 ) is a British professional boxer and former Commonwealth featherweight champion .
Henny Trylesinski , also known as Henny Trayles ( Hamburg , 4 June 1937 ) is a German - born Uruguayan actress and comedian who lives in Argentina .
Paweł Wolak ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈpavew ˈvolak ) ; born 26 September 1981 ) is a Polish former professional boxer who held the regional WBC--
Margrethe Røed ( born 10 December 1976 ) is a Norwegian television presenter on NRK Barne - Tv and Super Barne - TV on the television and radio channel NRK Super .
Sally Ann Triplett ( born 15 April 1962 , London , England ) , is a British singer and actress best known for her participation in two editions of the Eurovision Song Contest and many West End productions .
Martin J. Lohse , M.D. born 26 August 1956 , is a German physician and pharmacologist doing research on G protein - coupled receptors .
Nancy Padian ( born 1952 ) is a medical researcher and executive director of the Women 's Global Health Imperative at the University of California , San Francisco .
Roy Ascott ( born 26 October 1934 ) is a British artist , who works with cybernetics and telematics , on an art which is technoetic , focusing on the impact of digital and telecommunications networks on consciousness .
Arthur Granville Bradley ( 11 November 1850 , Rugby , Warwickshire -- 11 January 1943 ) was an historian and author of numerous books .
Alberto Jori ( born 1965 ) , is an Italian Neo - Aristotelian philosopher .
David Kollar ( born 25 October 1983 ) is a Slovak experimental guitarist and composer .
Zvi Yair ( Hebrew : צבי יאיר‎ ) is the pen - name of the Hebrew poet and Chassidic scholar , Rabbi Zvi Meir Steinmetz ( Hebrew : צבי מאיר שטיינמץ‎ ; 1915 - -2005 ) .
Denis Goldberg ( born 11 April 1933 ) is a South African social campaigner , who was active in the struggle against apartheid and was imprisoned along with other key members of the anti - apartheid movement .
Prince Henveyru Ganduvaru Manippulu , ( al - Hassan ' Izz ud - din Henveyru Ganduvaru Manippulu ) ( 1902 - -1938 ) , the son of the Sultan Muhammad Shamsuddeen III . He was named the Crown Prince of the Maldives on February 8 , 1931 by his father .
Lesley Choyce ( born 21 March 1951 m. Linda Choyce ) is a Canadian author of novels , non - fiction , children 's books , young adult novels , and poetry .
Nigel Warburton ( /ˈwɔrbərtən/ ; born 1962 ) is a British philosopher .
Branko Bokun ( 1920 - -2011 ) was an author of in the fields of sociology and psychology .
Pedro Paulo da Silva or simply Pedro Paulo ( born 29 June 1985 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a striker for Uberlândia .
Keith Baskin ( born 15 December 1945 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who represented South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1960s and 1970s .
Dylan Mackin ( born 15 January 1997 ) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a striker for Airdrieonians , on loan from Scottish Premiership club Motherwell .
Ingrid Espelid Hovig ( born 3 June 1924 ) is a Norwegian television chef and author of cook books .
Niko Pirosmani ( Georgian : ნიკო ფიროსმანი ) , simply referred to as Nikala ( ნიკალა ) ( 1862 - -1918 ) was a Georgian primitivist painter .
Louis Fishauf ( born 1949 ) is a Canadian award - winning graphic designer , art director and illustrator known for creating logos , magazines , websites , packaging and brand identities for such companies as Sympatico , Adbeast , Alias , Roots , Molson Breweries , Intact Insurance and Toronto Life .
Jenna - Anne Buys ( born 22 November 1985 in Johannesburg ) is South African figure skater .
Haim Cohen - Meguri ( Hebrew : חיים כהן - מגורי‎ , born 1 April 1913 , died 10 June 2000 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Herut and Gahal .
Djairo Guedes de Figueiredo ( academic signature : D. G. De Figueiredo , born in 1934 ) is a Brazilian mathematician noted for his researches on differential equations , elliptic operators , and calculus of variations .
Rainer Bastuck ( born 10 March 1960 in Lebach ) is a German auto racing driver and entrepreneur .
Frederick Rollin Feitshans III ( born 17 January 1937 ) , known as Buzz Feitshans , is an American film producer best known for his work in the action field and his collaborations with John Milius and Carolco Pictures .
Muhammad Ashraf Bukhari ( Urdu : محمد اشرف بخاری‎ ) , also known as Syed Muhammad Ashraf Bukhari ( born 20 March 1956 ) is an Indian Administrative Service officer of the Jammu and Kashmir cadre currently posted as Commissioner / Secretary , Agriculture Production Department Jammu and Kashmir .
Gerd Kjellaug Berge , née Lerum ( born 20 March 1943 ) is a Norwegian hotelier and national business council leader .
Hugo Vandenberghe ( born in 1942 ) , is a Belgian politician and a professor at Katholieke Universiteit Leuven ( Law Faculty ) .
Delia Brown ( born 1969 ) is a New York - based artist originally from California .
John Mackie Falconer ( 1820 - -1903 ) was a Scottish - born American etcher , painter , and watercolorist .
Jiang Yefei ( Chinese : 蔣 葉菲 ; born 22 February 1967 ) is a Chinese fencer .
John Dupraz ( born 8 July 1945 in Geneva ) is a Swiss politician and member of the National Council from the Canton of Geneva until 2007 .
Boddhiya Baduge Dilan Priyanjan Anslam Perera ( born 19 April 1962 ) ( known as Dilan Perera ) , MP is the former Sri Lankan Non - Cabinet Minister of Port Development .
Halil İbrahim Dinçdağ ( born 1976 ) is a Turkish professional athlete who was suspended because of his sexuality .
Fabiano de Lima Campos Maria ( born 24 November 1985 ) , simply known as Fabiano , is a Brazilian football player who is currently playing for LASK Linz in Austria .
Carol Tyler ( born 1951 ) is an American painter , educator , comedian , and Eisner Award - nominated cartoonist known for her autobiographical stories .
Aram Van Ballaert ( 29 May 1971 ) is a Belgian guitarist and composer who is active since 1988 .
Jennifer Abod ( born 1946 ) is an American feminist activist , musician and journalist .
Rinaldo Nocentini ( born 25 September 1977 ) is an Italian racing cyclist with UCI ProTour team AG2R La Mondiale .
William Dudley Collard ( 1907 - 1963 ) was a British barrister and writer on law in the Soviet Union .
Lamine N'Diaye ( born 18 October 1956 ) is a Senegalese football coach and former player who is the technical director of Congolese club side TP Mazembe .
Lillian Harris Dean ( 1870 - -1929 ) was an African - American cook and entrepreneur who became a minor national celebrity in the 1920s for bringing the cuisine of Harlem to national attention .
Simon Laner ( born 28 January 1984 ) is an Italian footballer , winner of the European Cup with the Italian U-19 national team .
Bartolomeo d'Alviano ( 1455 - -1515 ) was an Italian condottiero and captain who distinguished himself in the defence of the Venetian Republic against the Holy Roman Emperor Maximilian .
Nina Nesbitt ( born 11 July 1994 ) is a Scottish singer - songwriter and musician , best known for her single , `` Stay Out '' , which peaked at No . 21 on the UK Singles Chart in April 2013 , becoming her first top 40 single .
Artem Chesakov ( Russian : Артем Чесаков ; born 20 October 1993 ) is a Russian diver .
Graeme MacKay ( born 1968 ) is the Hamilton Spectator 's resident editorial cartoonist .
Jill Filipovic ( born c. 1983 ) is a New York attorney and feminist author .
Mary H. Herbert ( born 1957 ) is an American fantasy writer , author of the Dark Horse series and several Dragonlance novels .
Richard W. Fisher ( born 1949 ) is the former President and CEO of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas , having assumed that post in April 2005 and retired in 2015 .
Carin Koch ( née Hjalmarsson ) ( born 23 February 1971 ) is a Swedish professional golfer who plays on the Ladies European Tour and on the U.S. based LPGA Tour .
Povl Goltermann Olsen Søndergaard , usually known as Povl Søndergaard , ( 4 June 1905 , Ringsted -- 19 September 1986 , Frederikssund ) was a Danish sculptor .
Wesley Barbosa De Morais ( born 10 November 1981 , in São Paulo ) , known simply as Wesley , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Figueirense .
Archana Jose Kavi ( born 4 January 1990 ) , better known by her stage name Archana Kavi , is an Indian film actress and a television host .
Dr. Hiew King Cheu ( simplified Chinese : 邱庆洲 ; traditional Chinese : 邱慶州 ; pinyin : Chiū Chìng Zhōu ; born 1 March 1952 ) is a Malaysian politician .
Marisa Del Frate ( 11 March 1931 -- 5 February 2015 ) was an Italian actress , singer and television personality .
Ragini Dwivedi ( born 24 May 1990 ) is an Indian film actress and model who appears in South Indian cinema , but primarily in Kannada cinema .
Carlos Gustavo Rosado Muñoz ( 1941 - -2013 ) was a notable Mexican businessman , mathematician and scholar .
Subhash Verma is a retired Indian wrestler born on 15 July 1968 at village Malakpur , Baghpat , UP .
Tavin Marin Titus ( born 1971 ) is a film producer who has worked on a projects of a diverse budget range from blockbusters The Day After Tomorrow , Independence Day and Godzilla to her more recent work producing Sci Fi Channel Original Movies including : `` Odysseus :
Petr Jirmus ( born 26 December 1957 ) is a Czech pilot .
Petra Massey ( born , 1966 in England ) is a British actress , and a physical theatre performer in stage , film and television .
Fred Sherry ( b. 1948 ) is an American cellist who is particularly admired for his work as a chamber musician and concert soloist .
Mohamed Samraoui ( born 1953 ) is a former member of the Algerian secret services ( Intelligence and Security Directorate , DRS ) who wrote a book claiming that the DRS had been involved in torture and extralegal killings , and had manipulated the Armed Islamic Groups on a large scale to commit further massacres .
Patrick Hayman ( 1915 -- 1988 ) was an English artist who worked in a variety of media including painting , drawing and three - dimensional constructions .
Peter Schaap ( born 24 October 1946 in Groningen ) is a Dutch singer and writer .
Xu Huanshan ( born 13 July 1937 ) is a Chinese actor and occasional film director .
Russ Bellant ( born 1949 ) is a journalist , political activist , and author .
Pashupati Paneru ( born 20 July 1982 in Dhangadhi , Kailali ) is a retired Nepalese badminton player who featured in single and double events in National and the International tournaments .
Yolanda Murphy ( born 1925 in New York ) is a cultural anthropologist who is the co - author of classic anthropology text Women of the Forest with her husband , Robert F. Murphy .
İsmail Hakkı Karadayı ( born 1932 in Çankırı ) is a retired Turkish general , who became the 20th Commander of the Turkish Armed Forces on 30 August 1993 .
Dampalage Shehan Naveendra Fonseka Gunawardene Jayasuriya , or commonly Shehan Jayasuriya ( born on 12 September 1991 ) , is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer .
Tadashi Fukushima ( born 29 September 1964 ) is a retired long - distance runner from Japan , whose personal best in the men 's 10,000 metres was 28:29.29 , achieved at the 1993 World Championships .
Govinda II ( 774 - -780 CE ) was an emperor of the Rashtrakuta Empire after Krishna I. The eldest son of Krishna I , Govinda II left the administration to his younger brother Dhruva Dharavarsha who also known as Nirupama .
General Arturo Puga Osorio ( 1879 - 1970 ) , was a Chilean military officer and Chairman of Government Junta in 1932 .
Filip Stiller ( born 1 June 1982 in Gothenburg ) is a Swedish figure skater who competed in men 's singles .
Joseph Moskowitz ( 1879 -- June 27 , 1954 ) was a Romanian - born Jewish cymbalum player , son of a folk klezmer cimbalist .
Francis Sedley Andrus LVO ( 26 February 1915 -- 9 November 2009 ) was a long - serving English officer of arms who was Beaumont Herald of Arms Extraordinary .
Tenniel Chu ( born 1976 ) , from Hong Kong , is the Vice Chairman of Mission Hills Group , owner and operator of the Mission Hills golf and leisure resorts in Shenzhen and on the island of Hainan , China .
Reynolds Webb ( 14 April 1900 -- 22 June 1989 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Giuseppe Mariotti ( 1963- ) is an Italian classical pianist .
Peter Nazareth ( born 27 April 1940 ) is a Ugandan - born critic and writer of fiction and drama .
Dorothy Jordan Lloyd ( 1 May 1889 - 21 November 1946 ) was an early protein scientist who studied the interactions of water with proteins , particularly gelatin .
Christopher Bartle ( born 19 February 1952 in Harrogate , North Yorkshire ) is a British equestrian who has enjoyed success in both Dressage and Eventing .
Sanford M. Jacoby ( born 1953 ) is an American economic historian and labor economist , and Distinguished Professor of Management , History , and Public Policy at UCLA Anderson School of Management .
Liu Chieh ( Chinese : 劉鍇 ; 1905 -- 12 February 1991 ) was a diplomat of the Republic of China .
Debra Lawrance ( born 1 January 1957 ) is an Australian actress best known for her role as Pippa Ross on Home and Away , which she played from 1990 to 1998 .
Saint Cybard ( 504 - -81 ) was a monk and a hermit who inhabited a cave beneath the walls of Angoulême for forty - four ( 44 ) years .
Hunter Hancock ( 1916 -- August 4 , 2004 ) was a white American disc jockey regarded as the first in the Western United States to play rhythm and blues records on the radio , and among the first to broadcast rock and roll .
Christian Andersen ( born 27 November 1987 ) better known as Klumben is a Copenhagen - based Danish dancehall / hip hop / reggae act .
Aljoša Buha ( born 4 January 1962 -- 18 September 1986 ) was a Bosnian musician best known for having played in two bands :
Abdullah Nooruddeen Durkee was born 1938 in Warwick , New York , as Stephen Durkee .
Eve Joseph ( born 1953 ) is a Canadian poet and author .
Mgr . Zacchaeus Okoth ( born 5 July 1942 ) is the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Kisumu in Kenya .
Watson Nyambek ( born 27 February 1976 ) from Miri , Sarawak is a Malaysian sprinter .
Harriette Campbell ( August 1817 -- 15 February 1841 ) was a writer .
Hugh III of Cyprus ( 1235 -- 24 March 1284 ) , born Hugues de Poitiers , later Hugues de Lusignan ( he adopted his mother 's surname de Lusignan in 1267 ) , called the Great , was the King of Cyprus from 1267 and King of Jerusalem from 1268 ( as Hugh I of Jerusalem ) .
James Colebrooke Patterson ( Gorge Washatine ) , PC ( 1839 -- February 17 , 1929 ) was a Canadian politician .
Frank Laskier ( 1912 -- 8 July 1949 ) was a British seaman who came to public attention during World War II . In late 1940 , Laskier was a gunner in the Merchant Navy when his ship was attacked and sunk by a German raider off the coast of West Africa .
Domingo Esteso ( 1882 - -1937 ) was a luthier who trained under Manuel Ramírez .
Antonio Cezar Peluso ( 3 September 1942 ) is a Brazilian jurist .
Oren Lavie ( Hebrew : אורן לביא ) ( born 1976 ) is an Israeli singer , songwriter , playwright , and theatre director .
Martijn Spierenburg ( born 30 January 1975 ) is a composer and arranger .
Thierry Gillet ( born 20 December 1969 ) is a top French jockey who won the 2004 Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe aboard Bago , a thoroughbred race horse he has ridden in 14 of his career starts .
Gian Carlo Capicchioni ( born 19 February 1956 ) is a Sammarinese politician who served as a Captain Regent for a 6-month term in 2013 and 2014 , alongside Anna Maria Muccioli .
Albert Edward Ismail Yelda ( Syriac : ܐܠܒܪܬ ܐܕܘܪܕ ܐܝܣܡܥܝܠ ܝܠܕܐ ) ( born 1959 Ramadi , Iraq ) is Iraq 's ambassador to the Vatican .
Alex Alben ( born New York City , 1958 ) , American politician , author and technology executive , was named the first Chief Privacy Officer of Washington State in April 2015 .
`` Battling '' Barbara Buttrick ( born 1930 ) was a world champion in women 's boxing in the 1940s and 1950s .
Ionuț Ciobanu ( born 23 September 1984 Bucharest ) is a Romanian handballer who plays for Mulhouse Handball Sud Alsace and the Romanian national team .
Seyed Kamal Kharazi ( Persian : کمال خرازی‎‎ , born 1 December 1944 ) is an Iranian politician and diplomat who was the Minister of Foreign Affairs from 20 August 1997 to 24 August 2005 as appointed by President Mohammad Khatami serving for eight years .
Jed Mercurio ( born 1966 ) is a British television writer - producer - director and novelist .
Von Puttkamer was born Baron Marc Peter von Puttkamer , in Bonn , Germany in 1957 .
Kenneth Erskine ( born July 1963 ) is a British serial killer who became known as the Stockwell Strangler .
Eva Padberg ( born 27 January 1980 ) is a German fashion model , singer , and actress .
Ryan Pitylak ( born 1982 ) is an American entrepreneur and chief executive officer of Unique Influence , a digital marketing consulting firm based in Austin , Texas .
Gonnabattula Chiranjeevi ( born 17 June 1992 ) is an Indian first - class cricketer who plays for Andhra Pradesh .
Mauro Nesti ( 12 August 1935 -- 13 November 2013 ) was an Italian racecar driver , specializing in time trials on prototype sports cars .
Sir Patrick Head ( born 5 June 1946 ) is co - founder and former Engineering Director of the Williams Formula One team .
Walter Gittins ( 1865 -- after 1890 ) was an English professional footballer who made 21 appearances in the Football Alliance playing for Small Heath .
Moji Afolayan ( born February 5 , 1969 ) is a Nigerian actress , film - maker , producer and director .
Michał Majewski ( born 23 February 1987 ) is a Polish foil fencer , team bronze medallist in the 2008 World Fencing Championships and bronze medallist in the 2012 European Fencing Championships .
Jack Cowart ( born 1945 ) is the current head of the Lichtenstein Foundation .
Sarah Monzani ( born in 1949 ) is a make - up artist .
Spike Hawkins ( born 1943 ) is a British poet , best known for his `` Three Pig Poems '' , included in his one book , the Fulcrum Press collection The Lost Fire - Brigade ( 1968 ) .
Dana Gillespie ( born Richenda Antoinette de Winterstein Gillespie , 30 March 1949 ) is an English actress , singer and songwriter .
Willard Bowsky ( 1907 -- November 27 , 1944 ) was an American animator best known for his work at Fleischer Studios in New York City and Miami , Florida , where he worked on cartoons featuring Betty Boop , Popeye the Sailor , and Superman , in addition to two feature - length animated films .
Anna Anderson ( 16 December 1896 -- 12 February 1984 ) was the best known of several impostors who claimed to be Grand Duchess Anastasia of Russia .
Elaine Le Breton ( 1897 - - ? ) was a French physiologist known for her studies of cellular nutrition and the development of cancer cells .
Dirk van Dalen ( born 20 December 1932 , Amsterdam ) is a Dutch mathematician and historian of science .
Eric Drache ( born 1943 ) is a professional poker player , former cardroom manager and consultant for NBC .
Jamshid Mashayekhi ( Persian : جمشید مشایخی ‎ , born 26 November 1934 ) is an Iranian actor in Iranian cinema .
Peggy Makins ( 1916 - 2011 ) was an English agony aunt , who wrote for Woman magazine under the pen name Evelyn Home .
Michèle Laframboise ( born July 14 , 1960 ) is a Canadian science fiction writer and comics artist .
Stephen A. Webb ( born 28 November 1958 ) is Professor of Social Work at Glasgow Caledonian University in Scotland .
Oulaya ( Tunisian Arabic : علية‎‎ ; 4 November 1936 -- 19 March 1990 ) , née Beya Bent Béchir Ben Hédi Rahal , was a Tunisian singer and actress .
Alan Pell Crawford ( born 1953 ) is an American author and journalist who , in his books and articles , has written on the period of the United States ' founding and the American conservative tradition .
Philip Ashley Taylor Dawson ( born 11 January 1982 ) , known as Ashley Taylor Dawson , is an English actor and singer .
Blaze Bayley ( born Bayley Alexander Cooke , 29 May 1963 ) is an English singer , musician , songwriter , and lyricist .
Samuel Wilbore ( c. 1595 - -1656 ) was one of the founding settlers of Portsmouth in the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations .
Captain Allyn K. Capron ( 1871 - -1898 ) was the first United States Army officer to die in the Spanish--
Kevin Hales ( born 13 January 1961 ) is a football coach .
John Ruthven , 3rd Earl of Gowrie ( c. 1577 -- 5 August 1600 ) was a Scottish nobleman who succeeded his brother , James , the 2nd Earl , as Earl of Gowrie following James ' death in 1586 .
Eric Low Siak Meng ( simplified Chinese : 刘锡明 ; traditional Chinese : 劉錫明 ; pinyin : Líu Xīmíng , born 1948 ) is a Singaporean politician and a member of the country 's governing People 's Action Party ( PAP ) .
Markus Wittner ( born 2 March 1973 ) is an Austrian freestyle skier who specializes in the skicross discipline .
Warwick Fairfax ( born December 1960 ) is an Australian businessman and consultant based in the United States .
Ante Kulušić ( born 6 June 1986 ) is a football player who plays for Balıkesirspor in Turkey .
Andrea Antonelli ( 17 January 1988 -- 21 July 2013 ) was an Italian motorcycle racer .
David Benkof ( born David Bianco in 1970 ) is an American political commentator and entrepreneur .
Orozimbo Barbosa ( March 5 , 1838 -- August 28 , 1891 ) was a Chilean politician and military figure who played a major role in the Occupation of the Araucanía ( 1861 - -1883 ) , the War of the Pacific ( 1879 - -1883 ) and the Chilean Civil War ( 1891 ) .
Rosa A. González , RN , ( 1889 -- July 25 , 1981 ) was a nurse , author , feminist and activist .
Edward Richard Wright ( 1813 - -1859 ) was an English comedian and actor .
Augusto Volpini ( 1832 -- 1911 or 1923 ) was an Italian painter , mainly genre paintings and portraits .
Josefine Cronholm ( born 1971 ) is a celebrated Swedish jazz vocalist and singer / songwriter , who has won numerous awards .
Dorota Krzysztofek ( born 1980 ) is a Polish glamour model from Szczecin modeling for men 's magazines such as CKM .
Alberto Dell'Acqua ( born 14 March 1938 ) is an Italian body double and actor .
Matthew Chadwick ( born 12 Jul 1990 ) is a horse racing jockey in Hong Kong .
Kirsti Lay ( born 7 April 1988 ) is a Canadian professional racing cyclist and former speed skater .
Daniel Rono ( born 13 July 1978 ) is a Kenyan long - distance runner who competes in marathon races .
Chen He ( simplified Chinese : 陈赫 ; traditional Chinese : 陳赫 ; pinyin : Chén Hè ; born 9 November 1985 ) , also known as Michael Chen , is a Chinese actor .
Johannes Boersma ( 5 December 1937 Marrum -- 29 November 2004 Eindhoven ) was a Dutch mathematician who specialized in mathematical analysis .
Najm Afandi ( 1893 - -1975 ) نجم آفندی was an important Urdu poet of his time who had numerous budding poets as his disciples .
Harry Alonzo Longabaugh ( 1867 -- November 7 , 1908 ) , better known as the Sundance Kid , was an outlaw and member of Butch Cassidy 's Wild Bunch in the American Old West .
Qazi Muhammad Yousaf ( 1 September 1883 -- 4 January 1963 ) was a notable companion of Mirza Ghulam Ahmad .
Lew Yih Wey ( born 27 June 1991 ) is a Malaysian swimmer , who specialised in long - distance freestyle , backstroke , and individual medley events .
Beth Nyambura Mbaya , known professionally as Wanade ( c. 1943 -- May 10 , 2013 ) was a Kenyan television actress .
Manogaran s / o Marimuthu ( born 14 July 1959 ) commonly referred to as M. Manogaran is a Malaysian politician .
Lucius Fulvius Gaius Bruttius Praesens Laberius Maximus Polyonymus ( c. 119 -- after 180 ) was a prominent Roman senator and twice consul during the reigns of Roman emperors Antoninus Pius , Marcus Aurelius and Commodus .
Arthur Hudgell ( born 28 December 1920 -- died 2000 aged 79 or 80 ) was an English former footballer who played for Sunderland and Crystal Palace as a full back .
Alek Wek ( born 16 April 1977 ) is a South Sudanese British model and designer who began her fashion career at the age of 18 in 1995 .
Safa Abdulla Al Geabury ( born 5 June 1963 ) is a Swiss billionaire , the owner of Safaforex S.A. ( formerly Billionaire S.A. ) , who made his money in foreign currency dealing and trading in precious stones and jewellery .
Sir George Henry Rose GCH ( 1771 -- 17 June 1855 ) was a British politician and diplomat .
Kevin Byers ( born 23 August 1979 ) is a Scottish footballer , who played in the Scottish Football League for Raith Rovers , Inverness Caledonian Thistle , Montrose , Forfar Athletic and Brechin City .
Chris Rudge ( born 1945 ) is a Canadian business executive .
Timothy Headington ( born 1950 ) is the CEO of Headington Oil , a film producer , and real estate developer .
Bernard Sulzberger ( born 5 December 1983 ) is an Australian professional racing cyclist , currently riding for Drapac Professional Cycling .
Václav Halama ( also Wenzel Halama , born 4 November 1940 ) is a Czech retired footballer and coach .
Kathryn Bache Miller ( 1896 -- October 15 , 1979 ) was an American art collector and philanthropist .
Paul Darrow ( born Paul Valentine Birkby on 2 May 1941 ) is an English actor best known for his portrayal of Kerr Avon in the BBC science fiction television series Blake 's 7 .
Morgan Yasbincek ( born 1964 ) is a contemporary Australian poet , novelist and academic .
Wael Saqqa ( born 1956 ) is a Jordanian architect , and Chairman of the Jordan Engineering Association .
Sheilagh Kesting ( born 10 June 1953 ) is a Scottish minister of the Church of Scotland .
Geoff Hannan is a British composer and musician born in London in 1972 to Irish parents .
Jón Guðni Fjóluson ( born 10 April 1989 ) is an Icelandic football player , currently playing for IFK Norrköping in Sweden .
Maximilian Karl Albert , Prince of Löwenstein - Wertheim - Rochefort ( 14 July 1656 -- 26 December March 1718 ) was an Austrian military officer and the first Prince of Löwenstein - Wertheim - Rochefort .
Joseph Kevin Keegan , OBE ( born 14 February 1951 ) is an English former football player and manager .
Dragan Pavlović Latas ( Macedonian : Драган Павловиќ Латас , born 1960 , Skopje ) is a Macedonian journalist of Serbian descent .
David Ian Lane ( born 1961 ) , is a former actor and now a theatre producer who The Stage has called `` the most powerful man in UK theatre '' .
Ibrahim Geidam was born on 15 September 1956 in Bukarti village , Yunusari local government area in the old Borno , now Yobe state .
Mikail Albayrak ( born 6 April 1992 ) is a Turkish footballer who last played for Altay SK .
William Litton Viner ( 14 May 1790 -- 24 July 1867 ) was an organist and composer of church music .
Isabella Cervoni ( Colle Val d'Elsa , 1575 - -1600 ) was an Italian poet of the Counter - Reformation period , active between 1590 and 1600 .
Anton Podbevšek ( 13 June 1898 -- 14 November 1981 ) was a Slovenian avant - garde poet .
Sybella Mary Crawley - Boevey was born in 1851 at Flaxley Abbey , Gloucestershire , the youngest daughter of Sir Martin Hyde Crawley - Boevey , 4th Baronet .
Kim Hwang - sik ( Hangul : 김황식 ; hanja : 金滉植 ; born 9 August 1948 ) is a South Korean lawyer and politician who became the country 's Prime Minister on 1 October 2010 .
Rick Lawson ( born 1973 , Raymond , Mississippi , United States ) is an American soul , blues and R&B singer .
Don Frank Brooks ( 8 March 1947 Dallas , Texas -- 25 October 2000 Manhattan , New York ) was an American blues harmonica performing artist .
Edmund Waring ( c 1638 - 1687 ) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1660 and 1687 .
Dromtön or Dromtönpa Gyelwé Jungné ( Tibetan : འབྲོམ་སྟོན་པ་རྒྱལ་བའི་འབྱུང་གནས་ , 1004 or 1005 - -1064 ) was the chief disciple of the Buddhist master Atiśa , the initiator of the Kadam school of Tibetan Buddhism and the founder of Reting Monastery .
David Tristram ( born 1957 , Quarry Bank , UK ) is an English comic playwright .
Gunter Schöbel ( born 15 July 1959 in Stuttgart ) is a German archaeologist and director of the Pfahlbau Museum Unteruhldingen .
Vladimir Antyufeyev ( Russian : Владимир Антюфéев ) , also known under the assumed name Vadim Shevtsov ( born 19 February 1951 ) is a former Soviet OMON police officer who was one of organizers of the attempt to overthrow the Latvian government in 1991 .
Tanja Savić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Тања Савић ; born 20 March 1985 ) is a Serbian pop - folk singer .
Xin Huguang ( 16 October 1933 -- 17 October 2011 ) was a modern Chinese composer .
Ron Willey ( 1929 - -2004 ) was an Australian rugby league footballer and coach .
Anne Ojales Curtis - Smith ( born 17 February 1985 ) , also known as Anne Curtis - Smith or simply Anne Curtis , is a Filipino - Australian actress , television host , recording artist , and VJ in the Philippines .
Dan McFarland ( born 10 April 1972 in Oxfordshire , England ) is an English rugby union coach working in Scotland .
Charley Turner ( 1 January 1862 -- 13 August 1913 ) was an African American boxer who claimed to be the colored middleweight champion of the World in the Gay Nineties .
Donna Hartley - Wass MBE , born Donna - Marie Louise Murray and formerly known as Donna Hartley ( 1 May 1955 -- 7 June 2013 ) , was a British athlete .
Mark Churella , Sr . ( born c. 1957 ) is a former American wrestler and collegiate wrestling coach .
Iker Hernández Ezkerro ( Born 8 April 1994 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Barakaldo CF on loan from Real Sociedad as a striker .
Vicki Funk ( born 1947 ) is a Senior Research Botanist and Curator at the Smithsonian 's National Museum of Natural History .
Katie Kerwin McCrimmon ( born 1965 in Denver , Colorado ) is a journalist and former reporter / analyst for ESPN .
Ole Forsing ( born 23 July 1942 ) is a Danish former amateur football ( soccer ) player , who played for B 1903 in Denmark .
Högna Sigurðardóttir ( born 1929 , Vestmannaeyjar ) is a leading Icelandic architect .
Will Friedwald ( born 1961 ) is an American author and music critic .
Lawrence Scott ( born in Trinidad , 1943 ) is an award - winning novelist and short - story writer from Trinidad & Tobago , who divides his time between London and Port of Spain .
Ode Ogede ( often O.S Ogede , Ode S. Ogede ) ( born 1956 ) is a Nigerian - born United States academic who is professor of African literature at North Carolina Central University and was a lecturer at Ahmadu Bello University .
Mika Helin ( born 7 April 1978 ) is a Finnish former footballer who currently works as a player - coach with Kiffen .
Kimberly Johnson ( born 1971 ) is an American poet and Renaissance scholar .
Roger Doughty ( 1868 -- 19 December 1914 ) was a Welsh association footballer who played as an outside left for Druids before joining Newton Heath in June 1886 .
Jay Lyon ( born Brent Tuhtan on 14 June 1984 ) is an Australian model and musician in the band Tamarama , and is also a reality TV star who appeared in The Hills and The City , television series .
Richard McCulloch ( born 1949 ) is an American author who has written several books advocating racial independence .
Neville Dickie ( born 1 January 1937 , Durham ) is an English boogie - woogie and stride piano player .
Méziane Idjerouidène ( born June 1980 in Paris ) has been since 2008 managing director of French domestic airline Aigle Azur , owned and led by his father .
Wong Jan - lung ( born 1950 ) , better known by his pseudonym Wong Yuk - long or Tony Wong , is a Hong Kong manhua artist , publisher and actor , who wrote and created Little Rascals ( later re - titled Oriental Heroes ) and Weapons of the Gods .
Andrzej Elżanowski ( born 21 January 1950 ) is a Polish paleontologist and vertebrate zoologist specializing in bird phylogeny .
Navjit Singh ( born 1 July 1991 ) , known as Navjit is an integral part of current India men 's national volleyball team .
John Breckin ( born 27 July 1953 in Sheffield , England ) is an English footballer who played as a left - back .
Ieuan Rhys Williams ( born 1909 ) , was a Welsh film , radio and television actor .
Gerry Monroe ( 20 January 1933 -- October 1989 ) was an English pop singer , who enjoyed brief popularity in the early 1970s .
Adam Jacot de Boinod ( born 1960 ) is a British author , notable for his works about unusual words .
Manuel Mejía Vallejo ( 23 April 1923 -- 23 July 1998 ) , was a Colombian writer and journalist .
Franz Mehring was born 27 February 1846 in Schlawe , Pomerania , the son of a bourgeois family .
Sam Sallon ( born 6 January 1980 ) is an English musician , singer and songwriter .
Carles Font - Rossell ( born 26 December 1967 ) , in Canillo , Andorra was the Permanent Representative to the United Nations for Andorra and , from 14 March 2008 , he was also Ambassador of Andorra to the United States .
J. A. van Aalst ( 14 October 1858 -- after 1914 ) was a Belgian customs and postal officer in China , known for chronicling the history of Chinese music and dance .
Scott Mariani ( born 1 January 1968 ) is a British Sunday Times bestselling author , best known for his thriller novels about ex - SAS Major and former theology student , Ben Hope .
Norman Cardew ( born 7 November 1938 ) is an English former footballer who made six appearances in the Football League for Darlington .
Mangkunegara IV ( 1809 - -1881 ) was the fourth ruler of Mangkunegaran , a small Principality based in Surakarta , Java , ruling from 1853 - 1881 .
Sumarsam ( born 27 July 1944 ) is a Javanese musician and scholar of the gamelan .
Jeffrey Hunker ( 1957 - 2013 ) was an American cyber security consultant and writer .
Andrew Leonard ( born 1962 ) is an American journalist who writes features articles for San Francisco and contributes to Medium .
Tim Sandlin ( born 1950 ) is an American novelist and screenwriter .
Tamara Keith ( born September 25 , 1980 ) is a radio reporter , host and producer .
Carlyle A. Luer ( born August 23 , 1922 ) is a botanist specializing in the Orchidaceae .
Đorđije Ćetković ( Cyrillic : Ђорђије Ћетковић , born 1 March 1983 ) is a Montenegrin international footballer playing with FK Bežanija in the Serbian First League .
Johann Carl Megerle von Mühlfeld was a scientist and zoologist who lived from 1765 to 1842 .
Radoslav Látal ( born 6 January 1970 ) is a former Czech football player and current football manager of Piast Gliwice .
Joanne O'Callaghan born 1983 in Cork is a camogie player and pharmacy representative , winner of All Ireland medals in 2002 , 2005 , 2006 , 2008 , 2009 and 2014 .
Christelle Bulteau ( married name Franquelin ; born 23 July 1963 ) is a former French track and field athlete specialising in the sprints .
Andy Malcolm ( 4 May 1933 -- 26 December 2013 ) was an English professional footballer .
Jack Golson ( born 1926 , England ) is an archaeologist who has done extensive field work in Melanesia , Polynesia and Micronesia .
Jesseca Liu Zi Xuan , stage - name Liu Zi Xuan 刘子绚 , before Liu Zi Xuan actually is Liu Zhi Xuan 刘芷绚 , real - name is Lao Chew Yen 刘秋雁 , ( born 13 February 1979 ) , is a Malaysian and Singapore - based singer and actress .
Maynard Amerine ( 1911 - -1998 ) was a pioneering researcher in the cultivation , fermentation , and sensory evaluation of wine .
Graham Linehan ( /ˈlɪnəhæn/ ; born 22 May 1968 ) is an Irish television comedy writer and director who , often in partnership with Arthur Mathews , has written or co - written a number of popular television comedies .
Laurent Neuville ( born 15 July 1965 ) is a French swimmer who won a silver medal in the 4×100 m freestyle at the 1989 European Aquatics Championships .
Born 1 February 1775 in Trondheim , Jochum Nicolay Müller was a Danish naval officer who , as a midshipman , excelled at mathematics .
Erik Quisling ( born 1971 ) is an American author , musician , filmmaker and entrepreneur .
Bajram Fetai ( Macedonian : Бајрам Фетаи ) ( born 7 September 1985 ) is a Macedonian footballer of Albanian ethnicity , who currently plays for the Danish football club FC Roskilde .
Alan Schechter ( born 1936 ) is a Professor Emeritus of Political Science at Wellesley College in Massachusetts .
Alexandros Bracjani ( born 7 April 1992 ) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays as a striker for Kavala FC in the Greek Football League
Arsalan Fathipour ( Persian : ‌‌ارسلان فتحی‌پور‎‎ ; born 1965 ) is an Iranian politician .
Katy Gardner ( born 1964 ) is a British author , best known for her novel Losing Gemma , which was turned into a two - part miniseries for ITV1 in 2006 .
Christopher William Hunnemann or Christopher Wilhelm Hanneman ( May 1755 -- 21 November 1793 ) was a British portrait painter .
Virginia Tilley ( born 1953 ) is an American political scientist specialising in the comparative study of ethnic and racial conflict .
Daniel Morden ( born 1964 in Cwmbran ) is a Welsh storyteller in the oral tradition and a children 's writer .
Dean L. Hubbard ( born 1939 ) was the university president of Northwest Missouri State University from 1984 until 2009 - -the longest of any president in the school history .
Janine Duvitski ( born Christine Janine Drzewicki ; June 1952 ) is an English actress , known for her roles as Jane Edwards in Waiting for God , Pippa Trench in One Foot in the Grave and Jacqueline Stewart in Benidorm .
Charles James Kershaw was a businessman born in Burnley , Lancashire , England , in 1832 .
Chris Duthy ( born 19 June 1961 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Glenelg in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Hugh B. Scott ( born 1949 in Amherst , New York ) is a Magistrate Judge of United States District Court for the Western District of New York .
François Henry Monier also known as Babouse ( born 8 May 1972 ) in Boulogne - sur - Mer is a cartoonist , journalist , Illustrator and author of comics .
Évelyne de la Chenelière ( born 1975 ) is a Canadian writer and actress .
Eva Sayer ( born 31 January 1997 ) is a British actress , best known for playing Cindy Williams in EastEnders in 2007 .
Katiuscia Canoro ( born December 4 , 1978 ) is a Brazilian television and theater actress .
Goda Butkutė ( born 10 July 1999 ) is a Lithuanian pair skater .
Henry T. Brush ( August 9 , 1849 -- July 15 , 1879 ) was an American architect who practiced in Detroit , Michigan in the latter part of the 19th century .
Dan Wieden ( born 1945 ) Pronounced `` Why - den , '' is an American advertising executive who co - founded Wieden+Kennedy and coined the Nike tagline `` Just Do It . ''
John Seaward ( January 1786 - March 26 , 1858 ) was a British civil engineer and mechanical engineer .
Gauri Khan ( born Gauri Chibber on 8 October 1970 ) , is an Indian film producer and interior designer .
Kanchi Wichmann ( born 1974 ) is a BAFTA - nominated British filmmaker , best known for the lesbian feature Break My Fall ( 2011 ) which was listed as one of ten great lesbian films to watch by the British Film Institute .
Bahadır Baruter ( born 1963 ) is Turkish caricaturist and one of the founders of the L - manyak , Penguen , Lombak cartoon magazines .
Karl - Josef Assenmacher ( born 30 May 1947 ) is a former German referee .
Sir Francis Throckmorton ( 1554 -- July 1584 ) was a conspirator against Queen Elizabeth I of England in the Throckmorton Plot .
Anthony Anaxagorou ( born March 1983 ) is a British born poet and writer .
John Spalvins , born Janis Gunnars Spalvins , in 1936 , in Latvia , was Managing Director of the Adelaide Steamship Company from 1977 until the company 's collapse in 1991 .
Nathan Tinkler ( born 1 February 1976 ) is a former mining magnate and businessman from the Hunter Region , New South Wales , Australia .
María Isabel López Rodríguez ( born 4 January 1995 ) , known professionally as María Isabel , is a Spanish singer who won the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2004 with the song `` Antes Muerta que Sencilla '' .
Espen Klouman Høiner ( born 31 August 1981 , in Nesodden , Akershus ) is a Norwegian writer and actor .
Jay van Berlo ( born 18 September 1988 ) is an Australian rules footballer , who formerly played for the Fremantle Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Jenny Elbe ( born 18 April 1990 ) is a German athlete specialising in the triple jump .
Susanne Kappeler , born 1949 , was a lecturer in English at the University of East Anglia and an Associate Professor at the School of Humanities and Social Sciences , Al Akhawayn University , and now works as a freelance writer and teacher in England and Germany .
Elfriede Blauensteiner ( 22 January 1931 -- 18 November 2003 ) , dubbed the `` Black Widow '' , was an Austrian serial killer who murdered at least three victims by poison .
Sverre Marstrander ( 24 October 1910 -- 1986 ) was a Norwegian professor in archaeology .
Gabriel Girotto Franco ( born 10 July 1992 ) , simply known as Gabriel , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Palmeiras .
Yang Hsi - kun ( 楊西崑 , 1910 - -2000 ) , also spelled Yang Hsi - kung and better known as H. K. Yang , was a diplomat of the Republic of China on Taiwan .
Mohammad Alipour Rahmati ( Persian : ‌محمد علیپور رحمتی‎‎ ; born 1962 ) is an Iranian politician .
David McKee ( born 2 January 1935 ) is a British writer and illustrator , chiefly of children 's books and animations .
James Albert Needle ( born 1943 ) , known as Jan Needle , is an English author .
William Henry Giles Kingston ( 28 February 1814 -- 5 August 1880 ) , often credited as W. H. G. Kingston , was an English writer of boys ' adventure novels .
Peter Sand ( born 19 July 1972 ) is a Danish former footballer , who currently is the fitness coach for the Danish Superliga side Randers FC .
Alan Jabbour ( born 1942 ) is an American musician and folklorist .
Kelda Holmes ( born May , 1970 in England ) is an English actress best known for playing Sarah Jackson in the Children 's ITV television programme Press Gang .
Alain Clark ( born 4 June 1979 ) is a Dutch musician and producer .
Giorgos Markopoulos ( Greek : Γιώργος Μαρκόπουλος ; born 1951 ) is a Greek poet .
Yūma Koishi ( Japanese : 小石祐馬 , born 15 September 1993 ) is a Japanese cyclist riding for Nippo - Vini Fantini .
D. Oyuntulhuur ( Mongolian : Д. Оюунтүлхүүр , born 10 November 1975 ) better known by the stage name Oyunaa ( Оюунаа ) , is a Mongolian singer based in Japan .
Prince Eustachy Stanisław Sanguszko ( 28 August 1842 -- 2 April 1903 ) was a Polish noble ( szlachcic ) , conservative politician .
Zohreh Taraghi - Moghadam , better known as Goli Taraghi ( Persian : گلی ترقی‎ ) ( born 1939 ) is an Iranian novelist and short story writer .
Jesse James Enoch ( born 14 September 1983 ) , better known by his stage name Lyrikal , is a Nigerian rapper , record producer and songwriter .
Alec Finlay ( born 14 March 1966 ) is a Scottish - born artist currently based in Edinburgh .
Neale Fenn ( born 18 January 1977 ) is a retired professional footballer .
Scott Hallsworth ( born 12 July 1975 ) is an Australian chef , restaurateur and author .
Timothie Bright , M.D. ( 1551?-1615 ) was an Early Modern British physician and clergyman , the inventor of modern shorthand .
Kaizer Motaung ( born 16 October 1944 ) is a former South African football ( soccer ) player and founder of Kaizer Chiefs FC , of which he is chairman and managing director .
Dame Anne Poole ( née Avril Anne Barker ) , DBE , RGN , RM , RHV , CBIM ( born 11 April 1934 ) was Chief Nursing Officer , Department of Health , from 1982 to 1992 .
Thelma Barlow ( née Pigott ; born 19 June 1929 ) is an English television actress and writer , most famous for her roles as Mavis Wilton in the long - running ITV soap opera Coronation Street and as Dolly Bellfield in the sitcom Dinnerladies .
Afsar Asadi ( Persian : افسر اسدی Persian pronunciation : ( æfsæɾ æsædiː ) ; born 16 January 1958 ) is an Iranian actress and make - up artist .
Akshay Pratap Singh or Gopalji ( born 14 April 1970 ) is an Indian politician from Pratapgarh ( Lok Sabha constituency ) in Uttar Pradesh .
Adilson Tibes Granemann ( born 1 January 1982 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a Center Forward for Maritimo B and Maritimo
Joe Copcutt ( born 2 August 1988 from London , England ) is an English metal bassist .
Maureen Koster ( born 3 July 1992 ) is a Dutch middle - distance runner who competes in track and cross country running events .
Dr. Richard Massey ( born 14 October 1977 ) is a physicist currently working as Royal Society Research Fellow in the Institute for Computational Cosmology at Durham University .
Carl Otto Svae ( 4 April 1918 -- 30 June 1977 ) was a Norwegian sailor born in Kristiania .
Yaprak Özdemiroğlu ( born 14 August 1963 ) is a Turkish actress , and ballet dancer .
Souleyman Sané ( born 26 February 1961 ) is a Senegalese - French retired footballer who played as a striker .
Jean Marie Stine ( born in 1945 in Sikeston , Missouri as Henry Eugene Stein ) is an American editor , writer , anthologist , and publisher .
Count Adolf von Schwarzenberg ( 1547 -- July 29 , 1600 ) was a renowned general of the Holy Roman Empire whose sword , along with that of his descendant Prince Karl Philipp , is preserved in the arsenal of Vienna .
Abraham Haas ( 1847-August 8 , 1921 ) was an American businessman , co - founder of the Hellman , Hass and Company ( which became Smart & Final ) , and patriarch of the Haas family .
Fatmata Tatah Mansaray ( born in 1983 in Freetown , Sierra Leone ) is a Sierra Leonean beauty queen who was one of the six finalists at the Miss University Sierra Leone 2006 beauty contest held at the Family Kingdom Resort at Lumley Beach , Freetown .
Oldřich Navrátil ( born 21 October 1952 ) is Czech stage and film actor .
Balapuwaduge Manukulasuriya Amith Jeevan Mendis ( born 15 January 1983 in Colombo ) is a Sri Lankan international cricketer .
José Jesús Villa Pelayo ( Caracas , 1962 ) is a Venezuelan poet , essayist , lawyer and political analyst .
Dora Maxwell ( 1897 - June 29 , 1985 ) was an early credit union pioneer in New York state .
Vukan Perović ( Cyrillic : Вукан Перовић ) ( born 18 October 1952 ) is a Montenegrin former professional footballer who played as a striker .
Zoubin Ghahramani FRS ( born 8 February 1970 ) is an Iranian researcher and Professor of Information Engineering at the University of Cambridge .
Alonso de Ribera de Pareja ( 1560 -- March 9 , 1617 ) was a Spanish soldier and twice Spanish royal governor of Chile ( 1601 - -1605 and 1612 - -1617 ) .
Wang Hongwen ( December , 1935 -- August 3 , 1992 ) , was a Chinese labour activist and politician who spent most of his career in Shanghai .
Emilio Nsue López ( born 30 September 1989 ) is a professional footballer who plays for English club Middlesbrough .
Arnold Oldsworth ( born 1561 ) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1593 and 1611 .
Jutta Kleinschmidt ( born 29 August 1962 ) is a competitor of offroad automotive racing events .
Maria Wilman ( 29 April 1867 -- 9 November 1957 ) was a South African geologist and botanist .
General José Antonio Salcedo y Ramírez , `` Pepillo '' ( 1816 - -1864 ) was born in Madrid , Spain to creole parents of Spanish heritage who had been born in Santo Domingo , and moved to Spain in the year 1815 .
Francis Cosby ( 1510 - -1580 ) was an English soldier and settler in Ireland .
Mitch Achurch ( born 14 July 1988 ) is a rugby league footballer who currently plays for Leeds in the Super League .
Maria Lucette Rådström , ( born 3 December 1974 ) is a Swedish journalist and television presenter .
Stéphan Aubé ( born 11 November 1971 ) is a French Music video director for classical music and pianist .
Frank Houghton ( 1894 - -1972 ) was an Anglican missionary bishop and author .
Mark Haigh - Hutchinson ( 1964 -- January 15 , 2008 ) was an English video game developer .
Antônio Fábio Francês Cavalcante ( born 27 November 1983 ) , commonly known as Fabinho Capixaba , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a right back .
John Thomas North ( 30 January 1842 -- 5 May 1896 ) was an English investor and businessman .
Carol Philips ( born 1966 ) is a pioneer of big - wave bodyboarding for women .
Thomas Chalers or Deschalers ( 17 September 1383 -- 1443 ) , of Whaddon , Cambridgeshire and Wyddial , Hertfordshire , was an English politician .
David Ha'ivri ( Hebrew : דוד העברי‎ born Jason David Axelrod , 1967 ) is an Israeli settler and political activist .
Francis Weld Peabody ( 1881 - -1927 ) was an American physician born November 24 , 1881 , in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Shubhlakshmi Sharma born at Hazaribagh , Jharkhand on 11 August 1989 .
Andrew Govender ( born 1986 , in Durban ) is a South African actor , model and actuarial analyst .
James Victor Brown ( born 5 June 1935 ) is a former Australian Rugby Union player who played for the Wallabies nine times .
Hans - Peter Wild ( born 16 June 1941 ) is a German entrepreneur and lawyer .
Astrid Bryan ( born 25 January 1983 ) is a Flemish Belgian model , singer , actress , television personality , creative director
Sarah Mitchell ( née Johnston ) ( born 10 May 1982 ) is an Australian politician .
Born in 1909 , Robert Ford Bentley was the son of Miehle Printing Press & Manufacturing Company CEO Arthur Bentley and Cherry Ford Bentley .
Javier Carriqueo ( born 29 May 1979 in San Martín de los Andes ) is an Argentine middle and long - distance runner .
Neel Jani ( born 8 December 1983 ) is a Swiss professional racing driver of Indian Gujarati origin .
Troels Holch Povlsen ( born 1949 ) is a Danish businessman , founder of the fashion chain Bestseller .
Bradley M. Kuhn ( born 1973 ) is a free software activist from the United States .
Béla Babai ( Kaposvár , Hungary cir . 1914 -- Nesconset , New York ) October 1 , 1997 ) was a Hungarian American musician and interpreter of romani music .
Jacobo Morales ( born 12 November 1934 ) is a Puerto Rican actor , poet , writer , playwright , filmmaker , and auteur .
Louis Fabien ( born January 18 , 1924 ) is ( the pseudonym of ) a French painter .
August or Auguste Brancart ( 21 July 1851 - 1894 ? ) was a Belgian publisher of pornographic literature , credited with the first publication of My Secret Life .
Sir ( Reginald ) Patrick Linstead CBE , DSc , HonDSc , DIC , HonFCGI , HonMIMM , FRS ( 28 August 1902 , London -- 22 September 1966 , London ) was an English chemist .
Charles Comfort Tiffany ( 1829 - -1907 ) was an American Episcopal clergyman , born in Baltimore .
Sir George Stucley Stucley , 1st Baronet ( 17 August 1812 -- 13 March 1900 ) , known as George Buck until 1858 , was a British Conservative Member of Parliament .
Fredrik Liliegren ( born 5 December 1969 ) is the current Vice President Graphics and Portability Group of the Software company TransGaming and former CEO of Antic Entertainment , Red Jade and Digital Illusions .
David Haberfeld ( born 1969 , in Melbourne ) is an Australian electronic dance music producer , performer , DJ and educator .
The Hon Mr Justice Derek Schofield , born 1945 , commenced his legal career in 1961 when he was appointed assistant in the office of the clerk of the court in Lancashire .
Nora Levin ( 1916 -- October 26 , 1989 ) was a historian of the Holocaust and a writer .
Thomas Henry Burn ( born 19 January 1875 ) was an Ulster Unionist member of the UK Parliament and the Parliament of Northern Ireland .
Tu Youyou ( Chinese : 屠呦呦 ; born 30 December 1930 ) is a Chinese pharmaceutical chemist and educator .
Anatilde Jane de Paula Diaz ( born 14 November 1972 ) , better known as Tilde de Paula and also Tilde de Paula Eby , is a Swedish television presenter on TV4 .
Frank Cumbrae - Stewart was born on 27 January 1865 at Riversleigh , Canterbury , New Zealand , son of Francis Edward Stewart and his wife Agnes ( née Park ) .
Dr. J. Rajmohan Pillai ( born 12 May 1964 ) is an Indian businessman , currently the Chairman of Beta Group .
Shao Wenkai ( simplified Chinese : 邵文凯 ; traditional Chinese : 邵文凱 ; pinyin : Shào Wénkǎi ; Wade -- Giles : Shao Wen - k'ai ; 1887 - - ? ? ? ? ) was a member of the military in the Republic of China .
Wang Lisi ( simplified Chinese : 王丽思 ; traditional Chinese : 王麗思 ; pinyin : Wáng Lìsī ; born 28 November 1991 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Jiangsu Huatai in the Chinese Women 's Super League .
Major Cecil Stephen Northcote CBE ( 1878 - -1945 ) was a British military officer who was governor of Mongalla Province in the Anglo - Egyptian Sudan from 1918 to 1919 , and then of the Nuba Mountains province from 1919 to 1927 .
Steve Schapiro ( born 1934 , in New York ) is an American photographer .
Károly Erős ( born 20 December 1971 in Pilisvörösvár ) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for and manages NB III team , Monor .
Peter Dijkstra ( born 11 June 1978 ) is a Dutch conductor , especially of choirs and vocal ensembles .
G. P. Rajarathnam ( 1909 - -1979 ) , popularly known as Rajaratnam , was a Kannada writer and poet .
Wayne Keon ( born 1946 ) is a Nipissing First Nation author and poet and member of Nipissing First Nation , an Ojibway tribe .
Naftali Bon ( born 9 October 1945 in Kapsabet , Rift Valley Province ) was a Kenyan athlete who competed mainly in the 400 metres .
Koit Toome ( born 3 January 1979 ) is an Estonian singer and musical actor .
Arne Henriksen ( born 26 February 1944 ) is a Norwegian architect that has designed many Norwegian railway stations .
Francisco Javier Mendieta Jiménez ( born 28 November 1955 in San Luis Potosí ) is a Mexican telecommunications engineer and academic who chaired the Ensenada Center for Scientific Research and Higher Education ( Cicese ) and serves , by presidential appointment , as the founding director - general of the Mexican Space Agency .
Stewart Kean ( born 4 March 1983 ) is a Scottish professional footballer currently playing for Hurlford United in the Scottish Junior Football Association , West Region .
Germán Borregales ( 28 May 1909 , Coro region - 2 March 1984 , Caracas ) was a Venezuelan journalist , author and politician .
Danzel ( born Johan Waem , 9 November 1976 ) is a Belgian musician of house , techno and dance , who reached the number 11 in the UK Singles Chart in November 2004 with the single , `` Pump It Up ! '' .
Ernő Kovács ( born 2 February 1959 ) is a Hungarian mechanical technician and politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) from Fidesz Bács - Kiskun County Regional List between 2010 and 2014 .
William Forlonge ( 1811 -- 15 September 1890 ) was a pastoralist and politician in colonial Victoria and New South Wales , a member of the Victorian Legislative Council , the Victorian Legislative Assembly and the New South Wales Legislative Assembly .
Sir Julius Benedict ( 27 November 1804 -- 5 June 1885 ) was a German - born composer and conductor , resident in England for most of his career .
Henry Luke White ( 9 May 1860 - 30 June 1927 ) was a wealthy grazier , and keen amateur ornithologist and oologist of Scone , New South Wales , Australia .
Andrea Lowell ( born 1983 ) is an American actress and model most recognizable from her Playboy magazine nude pictorials and on air work for a variety of Playboy TV programs .
Neil McGarry ( born 1983 ) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a full - forward for the Antrim senior team .
Mauro Néstor Gerk Larrea also known as El Tanque or El delantero del amor ( born 9 May 1977 ) , is a retired Argentine football Striker who last played for Cruz Azul Hidalgo in the Ascenso MX .
Édson Andrade Almeida , also known as Édson Di ( born 14 March 1979 ) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Esporte Clube Flamengo .
Charles William King ( 5 September 1818 -- 25 March 1888 ) was a British Victorian writer and collector of gems .
Sanja Stijačić ( born 14 November 1965 ) is a Serbian flutist and Associate Professor of Flute at the University of Pristina ( Kosovska Mitrovica ) and University of East Sarajevo .
Angela E. Oh ( born 1955 ) is an attorney , teacher , and public lecturer best known for her role as spokesperson for the Korean American community after the 1992 Los Angeles Riots and her position on President Bill Clinton 's One America Initiative .
Sergey Polyanskiy ( born 29 October 1989 ) is a Russian athlete who specialises in the long jump .
Sarah Sands ( née Harvey ; 3 June 1961 ) is a British journalist and author who is the editor of the London Evening Standard .
Orhan Demir ( Turkish : ( ˈorhan ˈdemir ) ; born 1954 in Istanbul , Turkey ) is a Canadian jazz guitarist .
Howie Pyro ( born Howard Kusten ) on 28 June 1960 is an American bass player .
Wallace Notestein ( 1878 - -1969 ) was an American historian and Sterling Professor of English History at Yale University from 1928 to 1947 .
Russell Schulz - Widmar ( born Russell E. Schulz , 29 July 1944 ) was Professor of Liturgical Music at the Seminary of the Southwest in Austin , Texas , and a composer , author , and conductor .
Imam Abdul Alim Musa ( born 1945 as Clarence Reams ) is a Muslim American activist and director of Masjid Al - Islam in Washington , D.C. He is a member of the Institute of Contemporary Islamic Thought ( ICIT ) and a well - known speaker around the world .
Roger Boli ( born 26 September 1965 in Adjame , Côte d'Ivoire ) is a French former footballer who played striker for clubs in the French and British leagues .
Carole Feuerman ( born 1945 ) is an American artist and hyper - realistic sculptor .
Raidel Acea Morales ( born 21 October 1990 ) is a Cuban track and field athlete who competes in the 400 metres and 800 metres events .
Flora MacNeil , MBE ( 6 October 1928 -- 15 May 2015 ) was a Scottish Gaelic singer .
Jaime Prats Estrada ( 29 March 1883 -- 3 January 1946 ) was a Cuban flautist , composer and orchestral director .
Dionne Rose - Henley ( born 7 November 1969 ) is a retired Jamaican athlete who specialised in the high hurdles .
Saint Arthelais ( Italian : Sant ' Artellaide ) ( 544 - -560 ) is venerated as a Christian saint .
Loke Yew ( Chinese : 陆佑 ; pinyin : Lù Yòu ) , born Wong Loke Yew , CMG , LL.D. ( 1845 - -1917 ) was a Chinese - born , of Cantonese descent , business magnate .
Abdessamad Chahiri ( born 17 May 1982 ) is an international Moroccan footballer who plays for Olympique Khouribga .
Eddy W M Lai ( born 12 December 1973 ) is horse racing jockey .
Shayne Dunley ( born 17 May 1976 ) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played in the National Rugby League between 1998 and 2007 .
Frank Matthews Leslie FRS ( 8 March 1935 - -June 15 , 2000 ) was a mathematical physicist specializing in continuum mechanics .
Samuel Roth ( 1893 -- July 3 , 1974 ) was an American publisher and writer .
Broderick Wright ( born 24 July 1987 ) is a professional rugby league player for the Cronulla - Sutherland Sharks in the National Rugby League ( NRL ) competition .
Billy Askew ( born 2 October 1959 in Lumley ( near Durham ) , England ) is an English footballer best known for his career with Hull City .
Sonika Nirwal ( born 1977 ) was a senior Ealing Southall constituency Labour politician representing the Greenford Broadway ward .
Bert Gabriëls ( born 1973 ) is a Belgian stand - up comedian with his own award - winning television show .
Marco Wittmann ( born 24 November 1989 ) is a German professional racing driver , and BMW works driver .
Kimberly Hahn ( née Kirk ; born in 1957 ) is a Catholic apologist and author .
Captain Robert Austin Ardill MC ( 1917 -- 12 October 2010 ) was a Northern Irish unionist politician .
Ritza Papaconstantinou ( Greek : Ρίτσα Παπακωνσταντίνου ) born in Brännkyrka , Sweden on 2 March 1972 ) is a famous Greek - Swedish television presenter at SVT since 2004 .
Elias Hardy ( ca 1744 -- December 25 , 1798 ) was an English - born lawyer and politician in New Brunswick .
Jean Baptiste Bissot , Sieur de Vincennes , ( 19 January 1668 -- 1719 ) was a Canadian soldier , explorer , and friend to the Miami Nation .
Princess Luisa Maria of Belgium , Archduchess of Austria - Este ( Luisa Maria Anna Martine Pilar ; born 11 October 1995 ) is the fourth child and second daughter of Lorenz , Archduke of Austria - Este and Princess Astrid of Belgium .
Richard Moriarty ( born 1 May 1957 at Gorseinon near Swansea ) is a former international Wales rugby union player .
Susan Reynolds ( b. 1929 ) is a British medieval historian whose book Fiefs and Vassals : the Medieval Evidence Reinterpreted ( 1994 ) was part of the attack on the concept of feudalism as classically portrayed by previous historians such as François - Louis Ganshof and Marc Bloch .
James Penberthy AM ( 3 May 1917 -- 29 March 1999 ) was an Australian composer and journalist .
Lieutenant - Colonel Sir Harold Arthur Deane KCSI ( 1854 - -1908 ) was an administrator in British India .
Joseph H. Alexander ( c. 1938 -- September 28 , 2014 ) was a retired Colonel of the United States Marine Corps and a historian .
Beaumont Hotham , 3rd Baron Hotham ( 9 August 1794 -- 12 December 1870 ) , was a British soldier , peer and long - standing Conservative Member of Parliament .
Ganendra Narayan Ray ( born 1 May 1933 ) is an Bengali Indian jurist , who served as the chief justice of the Gujarat High Court .
Edwin Bélanger ( 18 November 1910 - 14 January 2005 ) was a Canadian conductor , violinist , violist , arranger , and music educator .
Matko Jelavić ( born 29 March 1958 in Split ) is a Croatian singer , songwriter , composer and drummer .
Mats Jonasson , ( born 1945 ) is a Swedish glass designer .
John Stuart Thomson ( 1869 - -1950 ) was an author from the United States .
William H. Hutchison ( 1843 -- June 17 , 1919 ) was a mill owner and political figure in Ontario .
Louis Lorimier ( March 1748 -- June 26 , 1812 ) was born in the Etienne parish of Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Rebecca Bluestone ( born 1953 ) is an American artist and studio trained tapestry weaver currently residing in Santa Fe , New Mexico .
Ayanda Mabulu ( born in 1981 ) is a South African artist mostly known for his paintings .
Rie Rasmussen ( born 14 February 1976 ) is a Danish actress , film director , writer , model , and photographer .
David Strooper ( born 25 February 1968 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy , Sydney Swans and St Kilda in the Victorian / Australian Football League ( VFL / AFL ) .
Eyad Ismoil ( Arabic : اياد اسماعيل‎ ) , also transliterated as Eyad Ismail , ( born circa 1971 ) is a Jordanian citizen who , for his role in the 1993 World Trade Center bombing , was convicted by the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York of conspiracy in 1997 .
Wei Jianjun ( Chinese : 魏建军 ; pinyin : Wèi Jiànjūn ; born 1964 ) is a Chinese businessman , Chairman of Great Wall Motors , the largest Chinese SUV manufacturer .
Stephen Wildman ( born 1951 ) is Professor of the History of Art at the University of Lancaster and Director of the Ruskin Library and Research Centre .
Gabriele Wülker ( 16 July 1911 - 10 October 2001 ) , was a German Politician .
Suzanne Christine Crowshaw , known as Suzanne Shaw ( born 29 September 1981 ) Is an English actress , singer and television personality , who rose to fame after winning the talent contest Popstars and subsequently being a member of the band Hear'Say .
Chan Sy , also spelt Chan Si , ( Khmer : ចាន់ ស៊ី ; 1932 -- December 26 , 1984 ) was a Cambodian politician .
Isaac Scott Hathaway was born in 1872 , although some resources say 1874 , in Lexington , Kentucky .
Natália Šubrtová ( born 1 May 1989 in Kežmarok ) is a Slovak alpine skier , sighted guide and three time Paralympic Champion .
Artis Rasmanis ( born 1971 ) is a retired Latvian sidecarcross passenger and five times World Champion .
Admiral Oscar Stanley Dawson ( 13 November 1923 -- 23 October 2011 ) was a Four - Star Admiral in the Indian Navy .
Erasmo Fuentes de Hoyos ( born 1943 ) is a Mexican - born Mormon sculptor who resides in Mapleton , Utah .
Simon Perchik ( born December 24 , 1923 , Paterson , New Jersey ) is an American poet with published work dating from the 1960s .
Tommy Barkas , BEM ( 27 March 1912 -- 1991 ) was an English professional footballer who played in England during the 1930s and 1940s .
Craig Bolton ( born 31 May 1980 ) is an Australian rules footballer who has played with the Brisbane Lions and the Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Frederick Marriott ( July 16 , 1805 -- December 16 , 1884 in San Francisco , California ) was an English - born American publisher and early promoter of aviation , creator of the Avitor Hermes Jr. , the first unmanned aircraft to fly by its own power in the United States .
Ahmet Toçoğlu ( born 13 March 1980 in Sakarya ) is a Turkish volleyball player of Fenerbahçe Grundig .
Max Vadukul ( born 2 February 1961 , Nairobi , Kenya ) is a British photographer who is based in New York City .
Brett - Livingstone Strong ( born 31 October 1953 ) is an Australian - born artist , best known for his sculptures of Hollywood celebrities .
Pepin I or Pepin I of Aquitaine ( 797 -- December 13 , 838 ) was King of Aquitaine and Duke of Maine .
Bernd Behr ( born 1976 ) is a Taiwanese / German artist based in London .
Tarick Johnson ( born 1 December 1981 in Lakenheath , England ) is a professional basketball player who plays for APOEL in Cyprus .
Khalid Kelly , born Terence Edward Kelly ( born c. 1967 ) , also known as Abu Osama and Taliban Terry is an Irish Muslim convert , and former leader of Al - Muhajiroun in Ireland .
Delia Smith CBE ( born 18 June 1941 ) is an English cook and television presenter , known for teaching basic cookery skills in a no - nonsense style .
Ashok Jadeja ( born 1 June 1974 ) , popularly known as Ashok Maadi and Mataji Ashok , is a self - proclaimed ' Godman ' , who has been accused of swindling money from thousands of people from across India by claiming to have the divine blessings of a goddess of a local caste in Ahmedabad .
Ze'ev Seltzer ( Hebrew : זאב זלצר‎ ; born 9 February 1944 ) is an Israeli former footballer and current manager .
Zwelonke Sigcawu ( 1968 - ) is the 12th and current paramount chief of the amaXhosa nation from 1 January 2006 .
Daisy Youngblood ( born 1945 ) is an American modern sculptor and ceramic artist .
Leontyna Halpertowa , née Eleonora Halpertowa z Żuczkowskich ( Puławy , 14 April 1803 -- Warsaw , 19 March 1895 ) , was a Polish stage actress and translator .
Richard P.A.C. Newman ( 1955 - -2000 ) was a physicist notable for his work in the area of cosmology and general relativity .
Thomas S. Ray ( also known as Tom Ray ; born September 21 , 1954 ) is an ecologist who created and developed the Tierra project , a computer simulation of artificial life .
Gavin Mays ( born 1989 ) , better known by his stage name Cities Aviv , is an American rapper and record producer , based in Memphis , Tennessee .
Johnny Hyde ( born Iván Haidabura 23 April 1895 -- 18 December 1950 ) was a Russian - American talent agent .
Mark McGough ( born 22 June 1984 ) is an Australian rules football player who played with the Collingwood and St Kilda football clubs in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Melina Manandhar ( Nepali : मेलिना मानन्धर ; born 1977 ) is a Nepali actress and producer .
Lina Bertucci ( born 1958 ) is an American subculture artist who specializes in photography and film .
Felix Funke ( 3 January 1865 -- 22 July 1932 ) was a German admiral of the Kaiserliche Marine ( Imperial German Navy ) .
Debbie Wiseman MBE ( born 10 May 1963 ) is a British composer for film and television , known also as a conductor and a radio and television presenter .
Sead Brunčević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Сеад Брунчевић , born 15 May 1977 ) is a Serbian Bosniak retired football player .
Michaela Kudláčková ( born 21 August 1968 in Prague ) is a former Czech child actress .
Edward Ka - Spel ( born Edward Francis Sharp , 23 January 1954 in London ) is an English singer / songwriter and musician residing in the Netherlands .
Elaine Scarry ( born 30 June 1946 ) is an American essayist and professor of English and American Literature and Language .
Valentin Krasnogorov ( born 20 December 1934 , Leningrad , now St. Petersburg ) is a Russian playwright and writer .
Martyna Snopek ( born 22 April 1986 in Puławy ) is a Polish disabled rower , paralympian , and twice World Rowing Championship bronze medalist ( 2006 , 2007 ) .
Anthony Stokes ( born 25 July 1988 ) is an Irish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Scottish Championship club Hibernian , on loan from Scottish Premiership side Celtic .
Shirley - Anne Somerville ( born 2 September 1974 ) is a Scottish politician and was SNP MSP for the Lothians region from 2007 to 2011 .
Gunnar Gunnarsson ( 18 May 1889 -- 21 November 1975 ) was an Icelandic author who wrote mainly in Danish .
Catherine Gee ( born July 1967 ) is a television presenter and property expert who took over as the host of the popular ITV daytime makeover show 60 Minute Makeover in 2011 .
Marjan Eid ( born 12 May 1979 ) is a Bahraini football manager , most recently managed the Bahrain national football team .
Eoin Duffy ( 1983 , Tullow Ireland ) is an award - winning Irish director of animation now living and working in Vancouver , Canada .
Vasilios Karagounis ( Greek : Βασίλειος Καραγκούνης , born 18 January 1994 ) , is a Greek footballer who plays for Iraklis as a Right back .
Charles Belfoure ( born 19 February 1954 ) is an American writer , architect and historian .
Stan Le Lievre ( 31 July 1920 -- 18 March 2003 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Larry Darby ( born 1957 ) is a practicing attorney in Montgomery , Alabama .
Kazi Zulkader Siddiqui ( Urdu : قاضی ذوالقدر صدیقی‎ ) ( born 21 June 1952 ) is Pakistani businessman , academician and social worker .
Tony Sibson ( born 9 April 1958 , in Leicester , England ) is a former professional boxer .
Mark McCabe ( born May 1978 ) is an Irish station manager , music producer , radio DJ and singer songwriter .
Tiiu Kuik ( Estonian pronunciation : ( tiːu kuik ) ) ( born 16 March 1987 ) is an Estonian fashion model .
Charles Henry Crompton - Roberts ( born Charles Henry Roberts ) ( 7 March 1832 -- 15 November 1891 ) was a British landowner and politician .
Giovanni Varglien ( 16 May 1911 - 16 October 1990 ) also known as Varglien II was an Italian football player from Fiume .
Claude Delacroix ( born 1948 ) is a Radio Host for RTBF .
Deriba Merga Ejigu ( Amharic : ደርባ መርጋ አጅጉ ? ; born 26 October 1980 ) is an Ethiopian long - distance runner .
Barbara Jackson ( born 1961 ) is an American attorney and jurist who was elected in 2010 to an eight - year term on the North Carolina Supreme Court .
Răducanu Necula ( born 10 May 1946 ) , widely known as Rică Răducanu , is a retired Romanian football goalkeeper . His son Cătălin Necula was also a footballer .
Graham Ryder ( 28 January 1949 -- 5 January 2002 ) was an English geologist and lunar scientist .
Giorgi Gabidauri ( Georgian : გიორგი ჯაბადარი ; born 6 December 1979 ) is a Georgian professional football player .
John Syer , an English painter , was born in 1815 .
David Mervyn Johns ( 18 February 1899 -- 6 September 1992 ) was a distinctive Welsh film and television character actor who became a star of British films during World War II . Continuing into the postwar era , he was a notable mainstay of Ealing Studios .
Aleš Jindra ( born 12 June 1973 ) is the current coach of FK Baník Sokolov and a former football player .
Ingraham Ebenezer Bill ( 19 February 1805 -- 4 August 1891 ) was a Canadian author , journalist and minister from Billtown , Nova Scotia .
Ali Al - Nono ( born 7 June 1980 ) is a retired Yemeni footballer who played as a striker for Al - Ahli San'a ' .
Renée Cox ( born 1960 in Jamaica ) is a Jamaican - American artist , photographer , political activist and curator .
Charlie Butler - Henderson ( born 23 November 1978 ) is a British auto racing driver who now works as a racing instructor and presenter .
Charles Torquil de Montalt Fraser ( born 2 October 1960 ) was High Sheriff of West Sussex in 2006 - -07 .
Lou Brooks ( born 1944 in Abington , Pennsylvania ) is a self - taught American illustrator , cartoonist , and author .
Francesco Moraglia ( born 25 May 1953 ) is Patriarch of Venice since his appointment was announced on 31 January 2012 .
B. Joseph Wigmore ( born 1892 ) was a professional footballer , who played for Dinnington and Huddersfield Town .
Issam Chebake ( born 12 October 1989 ) is a Moroccan professional footballer who currently plays for French side Le Havre as a right - back .
Dame Diouf ( born 31 March 1978 ) is a Senegalese retired footballer , who aside from three seasons with Hannover 96 , spent his entire career in the lower leagues of German football .
Hermann Barrelet ( born 25 September 1879 , date of death unknown ) was a Swiss - born French rower .
Steven Aftergood ( born 1956 in Los Angeles ) is a specialist in physics and a political activist .
Paolo Torrisi ( born Maurizio Torresan , 15 May 1951 -- 10 December 2005 ) was an Italian voice actor and actor .
Deborah Levy ( born 1959 in South Africa ) is a British playwright , novelist , and poet .
Peter Straker ( born 7 November 1943 ) is a Jamaican born singer and actor , best known for appearances in Doctor Who ( in the 1979 serial Destiny of the Daleks ) and the 1985 ITV series Connie .
Kelly Edwards ( born 9 December 1990 ) is a British judoka from Telford , Shropshire .
Don Cowan ( born 16 November 1989 ) is an American - born Irish footballer who plays for League of Ireland side Longford Town .
Gyalo Thondup ( Tibetan : རྒྱལ་ལོ་དོན་འགྲུབ , Wylie : rgyal lo don ' grub ; Chinese : 嘉乐顿珠 ; pinyin : Jiālè Dùnzhū , born 1928 ) is the second - eldest brother of the 14th Dalai Lama .
Teruo Sugihara ( Japanese : 杉原輝雄 , 14 June 1937 -- 28 December 2011 ) was a Japanese professional golfer .
Kenny Kunene ( born 21 October 1970 ) is a South African businessman and Secretary - General of the Patriotic Alliance .
Salvador Dijols ( 11 November 1940 -- 2 August 2010 ) in Ponce , Puerto Rico was a Puerto Rican basketball player .
Taianan Imbere Linhares Welker ( Born 13 March 1987 ) , commonly known as Taianan or Tai , is a Brazilian footballer playing with NK Široki Brijeg in the Bosnian Premier League .
Makobo Modjadji VI ( 1978 -- 12 June 2005 ) was the 6th in a line of the Balobedu tribe 's Rain Queens .
Kissy Sell Out , born Thomas Bisdee on 18 June 1984 in Huntingdon , Cambridgeshire , England , is a British / Canadian DJ , producer , graphic designer , label manager of San City High Records , part - time astrophysicist and science columnist for Sick Chirpse .
David Yarrow ( born 8 February 1966 , Glasgow , Scotland ) is a British fine - art photographer , financier , conservationist and author .
Alan N. Shapiro ( Brooklyn , New York , 23 April 1956 ) is an American science fiction and media theorist .
Felix Rosenqvist ( born 7 November 1991 in Värnamo ) is a Swedish racing driver who is the reigning European Formula Three Champion , having won the title in 2015 with the Italian team Prema Powerteam .
Wayne Perkins ( born David Wayne Perkins , 1951 in Birmingham , Alabama ) is a rock and R & B guitarist , singer , songwriter and session musician .
Gérard Rozenknop ( born 23 January 1950 in Paris 19e ) , is a French public servant .
Cain Ackland ( born 16 March 1982 ) is an Australian rules football player formerly in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Luis Balbino Arroyo Colón ( born 1990 ) is a child prodigy from Moca , Puerto Rico , who , at the age of 11 , became the youngest person ever to finish secondary education in Puerto Rico and to be admitted to a university in Puerto Rico .
Ilyas Gadit ( born 1946 ) is associated with Gujrati Journalism for over four decades and has been the editor of Gujrati evening paper `` Watan '' for almost a decade .
Max Basheer AM ( born 1927 ) is a former administrator with the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) .
Frank André Pollmächer ( born 22 March 1983 in Riesa ) is a German long - distance runner who specializes in the 5000 and 10,000 metres .
Lorraine Fullbrook ( born 28 July 1959 ) is a British Conservative former MP for South Ribble , first elected in 2010 .
Heide Seyerling ( born 19 August 1976 ) is a former South African athlete specializing in the 200 and 400 metres .
Ohad Milstein ( Hebrew : אוהד מילשטיין‎ ; born 1973 ) is an Israeli documentary filmmaker , photographer and video artist , located in Israel , Tel Aviv .
Jeff Banks CBE ( born Jeffrey Tatham - Banks , 17 March 1943 ) is a Welsh designer of men 's and women 's clothing , jewellery , and home furnishings .
Vikas Mishra ( 27 December 1992 ) is an Indian first - class cricketer .
Yuri Melikov was born in 1997 to an Armenian father and a Cypriot - Russian mother .
Lieutenant General Hattingh Pretorius SD SM MMM ( 1942 - -2008 ) was a South African military commander , who held the post of Chief of the South African Army November 1 , 1993 --
Nasr Mahrous Abdel Masih Tanious ( born 7 January 1969 ) is an Egyptian music producer , best known for his Free Music art production company .
Sandro Bracchitta ( born 24 September 1966 in Ragusa ) is an Italian artist and engraver .
Bernard Evans Ward ( 1857 -- August 3 , 1933 ) was a British painter who emigrated to the United States .
Norman Wray ( February 18 , 1923 -- December 23 , 2014 ) was an American Roman Catholic religious brother who worked in Sindh , Pakistan , to rehabilitate drug addicts .
LaVannes C. Squires ( born 1931 ) was the first African - American to play basketball at the University of Kansas during the 1951 - 1954 seasons , which made him a part of the 1952 National Championship team .
Mārtiņš Bondars ( born 31 December 1971 ) is a Latvian financier , politician , and former basketball player .
Bengt Forsberg ( born 1952 ) is a Swedish concert pianist most famous for his numerous collaborations with the mezzo - soprano Anne Sofie von Otter .
Astrid Smeplass ( born 29 October 1996 ) , known professionally as Astrid S or simply Astrid , is a Norwegian singer and songwriter .
John Katzman ( born October 10 , 1959 ) is best known as an educationalist .
Louis - Joseph - Amédée Papineau , or Amédée Papineau ( 1819 - 1903 ) was a writer and Québecois patriot .
Dragan Radulović ( 1969 in Cetinje ) is a Montenegrin writer , literary reviewer and essayist .
Gheorghe Chivu ( born 7 October 1947 in Ilfov County ) is a Romanian linguist and philologist , university professor and corresponding member of the Romanian Academy since 2010 .
Marlon Forrester : born 1976 , Georgetown , Guyana , South America , painter , artist , educator raised in Boston , MA .
Patrick Naughton ( born in 1965 ) is an American software developer , known as one of the creators of the Java programming language and later a high - profile sex offender .
Alex Zane ( born Faris Alexander L. Albayaty ; 3 March 1979 ) is an English television presenter and DJ .
Craig Nettelbeck ( born 26 May 1972 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Sydney Swans and Melbourne in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Peter Donebauer ( 1947 ) is a British artist specializing in video , moving image and associated businesses .
Katarina Krpež Slezak ( Serbian Cyrillic : Катарина Крпеж , born 2 May 1988 ) is a Serbian handballer .
Luke Tan ( born 1977 ) , alias Michael Luchtan , is a country singer and songwriter .
Peter Straughan ( born 1968 ) is a playwright and author , based in the north - east of England .
Ji So - yun ( Korean : 지소연 , born 21 February 1991 ) is a South Korean professional footballer who plays for Chelsea LFC in the FA WSL and the South Korean national team .
Irfan Sukkur ( born 22 May 1993 ) is a Bangladeshi First class and List A cricket player . He was born in Chittagong , Bangladesh .
Dr. Rajendra Singh Paroda ( born 1942 in Ajmer , Rajasthan ) is an Indian agricultural scientist .
Michelle Massey ( born 1981 ) is an English businessperson and former model .
Boldnesian ( 1963 - -1975 ) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse and sire .
Eleftheria Eleftheriou ( Greek : Ελευθερία Ελευθερίου ; Greek pronunciation : ( elefθeˈria elefθeˈriu ) ; born 12 May 1989 ) is a Greek Cypriot singer and actress .
Harrie Vredenburg ( born 1952 ) is Professor of Strategy at the University of Calgary 's Haskayne School of Business and is the Suncor Energy Chair in Competitive Strategy and Sustainable Development , a research chair affiliated with the University 's Institute for Sustainable Energy , Environment and Economy .
Mattias Svensson ( born 5 October 1972 in Karlskrona ) is a Swedish libertarian writer and political commentator .
Marcus Maye ( born c. 1994 ) is a college football player for the Florida Gators of the University of Florida .
Ron Mamiya ( born 1949 ) is an American lawyer , judge , and Japanese - American community organizer who comes from a family with a long record of community service in Washington State ( USA ) .
Gérard Meister ( 4 September 1889 -- 7 November 1967 ) was a French freestyle swimmer .
Gary Gold ( born 6 July 1967 ) is a professional Rugby Union coach currently employed as Head Coach of the Cell C Sharks .
Markos Dounis ( Greek : Μάρκος Ντούνης , born 9 May 1992 ) is a professional Greek football player , who play for Aris .
Paul Pyant ( born 22 July 1953 ) is a British lighting designer , whose designs have been featured in the West End , on Broadway and in opera houses around the world .
Frank Cole ( 1954 -- 2000 ) was an award - winning Canadian documentary filmmaker and avid surfer who became the first North American to cross the Sahara alone on camel from the Atlantic Ocean to the Red Sea , in 1990 .
Denis Tuohy ( born 2 April 1937 , Belfast , Northern Ireland ) is a television broadcaster , actor , newsreader and journalist .
Peter Maniatis ( born February 1973 ) in Melbourne , Australia is a TV host and boxing promoter , particularly known for his fashion sense and out - going personality .
Alan Barrow ( born 23 January 1955 in Umtata , Cape Province ) is a former South African first class cricketer .
Stanley Lupino ( 15 May 1893 -- 10 June 1942 ) was an English actor , dancer , singer , librettist , director and short story writer , who began life as Stanley Richard Lupino Hook .
Megan Sylvester ( born 4 July 1994 in Barnsley ) is a synchronised diver .
Lyda Borelli ( 22 March 1884 -- 2 June 1959 ) was an Italian actress of cinema and theatre .
Liviu Prunaru ( born in Craiova , 1969 ) is a Romanian violinist .
Sergio Giral ( born 2 January 1937 ) is a Cuban - American film writer and director .
Joe Satrom ( born 10 October 1945 ) is a businessman and environmental lobbyist from the U.S. state of North Dakota .
Prince Wimbley ( born September 22 , 1970 ) is a former American and Canadian football wide receiver in the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) and Arena Football League ( AFL ) .
Christian Audigier ( French pronunciation : ​(kristjã~ odižje ) ; born Christian Ginutti , 21 May 1958 -- 10 July 2015 ) was a French fashion designer known for the Ed Hardy and Von Dutch clothing lines .
Chester Clute ( 1891 - -1956 ) was an American actor familiar in scores of Hollywood films from his debut in 1930 .
Said Mohamed Otta ( Arabic : سعيد محمد قطة‎ ; born 3 January 1992 ) is an Egyptian footballer with Zamalek who is known with his dribbling and stunning speed .
Caleb Quaye ( born 9 October 1948 ) , is an English Afro - European rock guitarist and studio musician best known for his work in the 1960s and 1970s with Elton John , Mick Jagger , Pete Townshend , Paul McCartney and Hall & Oates and also toured with Shawn Phillips in the 70 's .
Massoud Mehrabi ( born in 1954 in Tehran ) is an Iranian journalist , writer and caricaturist .
Lorna Ruth Dow ( born 28 June 1926 in Ouyen , Victoria , Australia - died 1989 ) was an Australian cricket player .
Svend Foyn Bruun , Jr. ( 1 May 1926 -- ? ? ) was a Norwegian ship - owner and whaler .
Tommaso Riccardi was born in Trevi on 24 June 1844 and spent his childhood in Umbria .
Orsino Orsini Migliorati ( 1473 - -1500 ) was the husband of Giulia `` La Bella '' Farnese ( 1474 - -1524 ) , the mistress of Pope Alexander VI .
Štefan Margita ( born 3 August 1956 ) is a Slovak opera singer who has had an active international career since 1981 .
Junior Campbell ( born William Campbell Jnr , 31 May 1947 ) is a Scottish composer , songwriter and musician .
Mariada Pieridi (; born 13 July 1973 ) is a Greek Cypriot pop singer .
Michael George Henry OD ( born 1943 ) , better known as Ras Michael , is a Jamaican reggae singer and Nyabinghi specialist .
Park Jong - il ( Korean : 박종일 ; born 1972 ) is a South Korean ski mountaineer .
Leovegildo Lins da Gama Júnior ( born 29 June 1954 ) , known simply as Júnior or Léo Júnior , is a Brazilian former professional footballer who played as a left back or midfielder .
Percy Cummings ( born 5 September 1946 ) is a former Australian rules football player who played five games for Hawthorn Football Club .
Catherine Lucy Wilhelmina Powlett , Duchess of Cleveland ( née Stanhope ; 1 June 1819 -- 18 May 1901 ) , was an English historian and genealogist , best known for her 1889 work The Battle Abbey Roll with some Account of the Norman Lineages .
Emigdio Vasquez was born on May 25 , 1939 in the historic mining town of Jerome , Arizona .
Mark Alvey ( born 10 June 1980 ) is an Australian rules football player who was drafted by the Western Bulldogs in the 1997 draft from the Bendigo U18s .
Boris Muñoz ( 21 May 1969 in Caracas ) , is a Venezuelan journalist and author of several books , including :
Djima Oyawolé ( born 18 October 1976 ) is a Togolese former footballer who played at both professional and international levels , as a striker .
Blanche McCrary Boyd ( born 1945 ) is an American author whose novels are known for their eccentric characters .
Andrew Salkey ( 30 January 1928 -- 28 April 1995 ) was a novelist , poet , children 's books writer and journalist of Jamaican and Haitian origin .
John Kok ( born 1948 ) studied as an undergraduate at Trinity Christian College near Chicago , Illinois , USA , under Maartin Vrieze and Calvin Seerveld .
Sally James Farnham was an American sculptor born Ogdensburg , New York November 26 , 1869 into a prominent local family .
Lindsay Charnock ( 1955 -- 2015 ) was an English jockey who competed in flat racing .
Sezgin Coşkun ( born 23 August 1984 ) is a Turkish footballer who plays for Eskişehirspor in right back and centre back position because of his aerial ability and tackling skills .
Dušan Radolský ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈduʃan ˈradolskiː ) ; born 13 November 1950 ) is a Slovak former football player and manager .
Mary Beth Edelson ( born 1933 ) is an American artist and pioneer in the Feminist art movement , deemed one of the notable `` first generation feminist artists . ''
Fırat Aydınus ( Turkish pronunciation : ( ˈfɯɾat ˈajdɯnus ) , born 25 October 1973 ) is a Turkish international football referee .
Ruslan Skvortsov ( Russian : Руслан Васильевич Скворцов ; born 31 January 1980 ) is a Russian principal dancer of the Bolshoi Ballet .
Shane Easson ( born 22 March 1955 ) was Chief of Staff to former NSW Premier Barrie Unsworth .
Henry Highton ( 1816 - -1874 ) was an English schoolmaster and clergyman , Principal of Cheltenham College , known also as a scientific and theological writer .
Gerald B. Appel ( born 1947 ) is an American physician and kidney researcher known both for his celebrity patients and for his scholarly work on the renal manifestations of systemic lupus erythematosus .
Prideaux Selby ( baptised 21 December 1747 -- 9 May 1813 ) was an English soldier and political figure in Upper Canada .
Blessed Giovanni Battista Scalabrini ( John Baptist Scalabrini ) ( 8 July 1839 -- 1 June 1905 ) was ordained priest on 30 May 1863 .
Magdalena Ruiz Guiñazú ( born 15 February 1935 ) is an Argentine writer and journalist .
Jordan Murch ( born 15 September 1989 ) is a Scottish footballer currently playing for Irvine Meadow in the Scottish Junior Football Association , West Region .
Ruby Hammer , MBE ( born 10 December 1961 ) is a British internationally acclaimed fashion and beauty makeup artist , columnist , co - founder of Ruby & Millie , and co - founder and Director of Scarlett & Crimson cosmetics brand .
Sir John Graham Kerr FRS ( 18 September 1869 -- 21 April 1957 ) , known to his friends as Graham Kerr , was a Scottish embryologist and Unionist Member of Parliament ( MP ) .
Tonći Mujan ( born 19 July 1995 ) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays for Hajduk Split 's reserve team in the Treća HNL , as a left winger .
Nashla Bogaert ( born 11 May 1986 ) is a Dominican actress and TV presenter .
Raymundo Damasceno Assis ( Brazilian Portuguese : ( ʁajˈmũdu damaˈsenu aˈsis ) ; born 15 February 1937 ) is a Brazilian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church .
Mahali Jasuli ( born 2 April 1989 ) is a Malaysian footballer who plays as a right back or a midfielder for Johor Darul Takzim FC .
Doug Vogt ( /ˈvoʊt/ ; born 1959 ) is a Canadian photojournalist and cameraman .
Pierre Assouline ( born 17 April 1953 ) is a writer and journalist .
Alaur Rahman ( Bengali : আলাউর রহমান ; born 1960 ) is a Bangladeshi - born British singer .
Chad Harden ( born August 21 , 1970 ) is a Canadian professional chuckwagon racer .
Zvezdan Milošević ( born 22 April 1964 ) is a Swedish - Serbian former footballer and manager .
Damilola Adegbite ( born Oluwadamilola Adegbite ; 18 May 1985 ) is a Nigerian actress , model , and television personality .
Dr. James F. O'Gorman ( b. 1933 ) is a leading American architectural historian , author , lecturer , editor , and consultant who taught for many years at Wellesley College .
Yelena Sinchukova ( Cyrillic : Елена Синчукова ; née Ivanova ; born 23 January 1961 in Kemerovo ) is a retired Soviet and later Russian athlete who specialised in the long jump .
Violant of Castile ( Spanish : Violante de Castilla y Aragón ; 1265 - -1287/1308 ) , infanta of Castile and Lady of Biscay on her marriage to Diego López V de Haro .
Luke Morris ( born 20 October 1988 ) is an English jockey specialising in flat racing .
Davide Bendinelli ( 19 October 1974 , in Caprino Veronese ) is an Italian politician from Veneto .
Maiko Gogoladze ( Georgian : მაიკო გოგოლაძე ; born 9 September 1991 ) is a Georgian long jumper .
Mário Goulart Lino ( born 9 January 1937 ) is a former Portuguese footballer who played as right back and manager .
David Davidar ( born 27 September 1958 ) is an Indian novelist and publisher .
Hymie Kloner ( 23 May 1929 -- July 2010 ) was a South African professional footballer who won four caps for his national team and who played in the Football League for Birmingham City .
Hunter Lewis ( born October 1947 ) is the co - founder of Cambridge Associates LLC , a global investment firm , and author of books in the fields of economics and moral philosophy .
Gareth Maule ( born in Pontypool , Wales on 4 December 1987 ) is a Welsh rugby union player currently playing at Centre for Bristol Rugby .
Boom Bam ( born Gene Heisser , 1971 ) is one of the founding members of Compton 's Most Wanted and underground rap group N.O.T.R. Heisser was born in Compton , California .
Jeffery M. Leving ( born 1951 , Chicago , Illinois ) is a Chicago divorce attorney who specializes in matrimonial and family law .
George Henry Evans Hopkins ( `` Harry '' ) was born in Hanley in Staffordshire on 22 March 1898 , the son of the Rev. George Blagden Hopkins , curate of Hanley , and his wife , Hannah Fletcher Evans .
Tomas Platzer ( born 1969 ) ( sometimes shown as Thomas Platzer ) is a German bobsledder and skeleton racer who competed in the late 1990s and early 2000s .
Ida Marie Honoré Grant ( June 4 , 1854 -- September 5 , 1930 ) was an American socialite , philanthropist , and ambassador 's wife .
Margaret Ball ( 1515 - -1584 ) was a prominent member of 16th - century Irish society , who , despite being the widow of a Lord Mayor of Dublin , was arrested for her adherence to the Catholic faith and died of deprivation in the dungeons of Dublin Castle .
Melissa Dunphy ( born 1980 ) is an Australian - American composer of classical music .
Aviv Hadad ( born 4 February 1984 ) is an Israeli football player , currently playing for Bnei Yehuda .
Lily Chloe Ninette Thomson ( born 5 April 1989 ) , better known by her stage name Lily James , is an English actress .
Herbie Redmond ( 1929 - April 4 , 1990 ) , known variously as `` Herbie the Hoofer , '' `` Short Dog , '' and `` Herbie the Love Bug , '' was the Detroit Tigers ' dancing groundskeeper who was one of the most colorful and popular characters in Detroit baseball in the 1970s and 1980s .
Henry Kleist ( September 29 , 1860 - 1929 ) was a farmer from Rantoul , Wisconsin , United States , who served one term as a state senator .
Eve Gil ( born 1968 ) is a Mexican writer and journalist from Hermosillo , Sonora .
John S. Dickerson ( born 1982 ) is a Christian pastor , author and a nationally - awarded American journalist .
Zeng Gong ( Chinese : 曾鞏 ; pinyin : Zēng Gǒng , 1019 - -1083 ) , courtesy name Zigu ( 子固 ) , was a Chinese scholar and historian of the Song Dynasty in China .
Germain de Brie ( 1490 - 1538 ) , sometimes Latinized as Germanus Brixius , was a Renaissance French humanist scholar and poet .
Savica Mrkić ( born 26 September 1991 ) is a Macedonian handball player for Romanian handball team SC Mureșul Târgu Mureș and the Macedonian national team .
M. R. Rajagopal , MD , ( born 23 September 1947 ) is an Indian palliative care physician .
Bjørn Nilsen ( born 27 December 1934 ) is a Norwegian poet and television producer .
Katherine Hancock Ragsdale ( born c. 1959 ) is an American Episcopal priest based in Massachusetts and former president and dean of Episcopal Divinity School .
John Beirne , Snr ( 1 April 1893 -- date of death unknown ) was an Irish Clann na Talmhan politician .
Ferdinando Sforzini ( born 4 December 1984 ) is an Italian footballer who currently plays for Virtus Entella in Serie B. He plays as a Striker .
Jay T. Wright ( born 1972 ) is a filmmaker best known for showing in European video spaces and independent film festivals .
Yan Meizhu ( Chinese : 闫美珠 ; born 28 January 1989 ) is a Chinese handball player .
Matthew Paul Moyle ( 1788 -- 1880 ) , meteorologist and writer on mining , second son of John Moyle , by Julia , daughter of Jonathan Hornblower , was born at Chacewater , Cornwall , 4 October 1788 , and educated at Guy 's and St. Thomas 's Hospitals .
Zoë Strachan ( born 1975 ) is a Scottish novelist , journalist and university tutor .
Merryl Wyn Davies ( 23 June 1948 ) is a Welsh Muslim scholar , writer and broadcaster who specializes in Islam , and the co - author of books and articles with Ziauddin Sardar .
Joy Whitby ( born 27 July 1930 ) is an English television producer and executive who during her career has specialised in children 's programmes .
Philip Mackenzie Ross ( 1890 - -1974 ) was a Scottish golf course architect who worked throughout Europe developing golf courses in France , Spain and Portugal as well as the United Kingdom .
Brendan Rodgers ( born 26 January 1973 ) is a Northern Irish football coach and former player who most recently was the manager of Premier League club Liverpool .
Fabrizio Bentivoglio ( born 4 January 1957 ) is an Italian cinema and theatre actor and a screenwriter .
Tony Allcock MBE ( born 1955 ) is a British bowls player .
Zhou Bohua ( Chinese : 周伯华 ; born July 1948 ) is a retired politician of the People 's Republic of China .
Lee Hirsch ( born 1972 ) is a documentary filmmaker .
Mischa van der Heiden ( born 1 September 1971 , Rotterdam ) , commonly known by his stage name DJ Misjah , is a Dutch DJ . In 1995 , he produced `` Access '' which would be featured along with the Warp Brothers , MDM , and several others on the album , Radikal Techno 6 .
Elizabeth Belinda Douglas - Scott - Montagu , Baroness Montagu of Beaulieu , née Crossley ( born 11 January 1932 ) , is a British embroiderer .
Nathan Fielder ( born February 2 , 1983 ) is a Canadian writer and comedian .
Ali Talip Özdemir ( born 1953 ) is a Turkish politician and the former leader of the Motherland Party ( Anavatan Partisi , ANAP ) .
Orkan Telhan ( born 1976 in Oberhausen , West Germany ) is an interdisciplinary artist , designer and researcher .
Dom Speakman ( born 22 March 1994 ) is a rugby league player originally from Widnes .
Daniela Kosán Montcourt is a Venezuelan model and television presenter born February 24 , 1974 in Maracay .
Martin Hudec ( born 15 April 1982 ) is Czech football player who currently plays for VfL Osnabrück .
Anahit Manasyan ( born 24 June 1988 in Yerevan , Armenia ) is an Armenian constitutionalist and an adviser to the President of the RA Constitutional Court .
Jarred Moore ( born 6 March 1986 ) is an Australian rules footballer in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) who is currently serving as a development coach with the North Melbourne Football Club .
Ronald Stamper ( born 1934 in West Bridgford , United Kingdom ) is a British computer scientist , formerly a researcher in the LSE and Professor at the University of Twente , known for his pioneering work in Organisational semiotics , and the creation of the MEASUR methodology and the SEDITA framework .
Michael Uebel ( born 1964 ) , a pioneer in the application of psychological insights to the historical intersections of social , personal , and imaginative phenomena , is a psychotherapist and researcher in Austin , Texas .
Farida Yasmin ( 3 February 1940 -- 8 August 2015 ) was a Bangladeshi playback singer .
Cynthia Cary Van Pelt Russell ( born October 16 , 1924 ) is an American socialite , who was part of American ' High Society ' in New York and Newport , Rhode Island .
Enver Alivodić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Eнвep Aливoдић ; born 27 December 1984 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays for the Newcastle Jets of the Australian A - League .
Jørgen Carling ( born 11 November 1974 in Oslo ) is a Norwegian researcher specializing on international migration .
Naini Narshimha Reddy ( born 1934 ) is the Home Minister of Telangana .
James T. Laney ( born 1927 ) was dean at the Candler School of Theology , president of Emory University and United States Ambassador to South Korea .
Osama Kamal ( born 5 April 1959 ) was the Egyptian minister of petroleum and mineral resources .
Ismail Keta ( born 1 December 1976 in Bulqizë ) is an Albanian kickboxer who became three times champion of Germany in 1999 and 2000 in the Federation WKA , in 2001 proclaimed world champion Under Thaibox ( WKA ) , 10 years later in November 19 - 11 - 2011 wins title Federation World Champion Iska .
William C. Weeks ( born 1856 ) was an architect in Wisconsin .
Don Rojas ( born 1949 ) is a journalist and political commentator from Saint Vincent and the Grenadines .
Vice Admiral Washington Shirley , 5th Earl Ferrers , FRS ( 26 May 1722 -- 1 October 1778 ) was a British Royal Navy officer , peer , freemason and amateur astronomer .
Michael Waistell Taylor ( 1824 - -1892 ) was a Scottish physician , known also as an antiquary .
Han Tianyu ( Chinese : 韩天宇 ; born 3 June 1996 ) is a Chinese short track speed skater .
Juan Cavia ( born on 14 January 1984 in Buenos Aires , Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is an Argentinian illustrator and art director .
Robert Gallagher ( born 1969 in Kensington , England ) is an award winning commercial and editorial photographer currently based in Los Angeles , California .
Julian Vannerson ( 1827 - -after 1875 ) was a photographer during the American Civil War of the 1860s .
Benjamín Mayorga Mora ( born 15 October 1966 ) , otherwise known as El Indio ( The Indian ) or simply as Mincho , is a retired Costa Rican soccer player from the 1980s and 1990s .
Kary Antholis ( born 1962 ) is an American executive at the television network HBO who has overseen some of its groundbreaking socially conscious programming .
Joseph Lalor ( 1811 -- 18 August 1886 ) was a pioneering Irish mental health administrator and a reforming superintendent of the Richmond District Asylum for 29 years ( 1857 - -1886 ) .
Rochelle Majer Krich ( born 1947 ) is a writer of mystery novels and winner of an Anthony Award and the Mary Higgins Clark Award .
Pietro Antonio Avanzini ( Piacenza , 1656 - 1733 ) was an Italian painter .
Randolph Osborne Douglas ( 31 March 1895 - 5 December 1956 ) was a silversmith , artist and amateur escapologist , who worked under the stage name , ' The Great Randini ' .
Barry Wagstaff , ( born 26 November 1945 ) was a professional footballer with Sheffield United , Reading and Rotherham United .
Umran Javed ( born 1979 ) is a former spokesman for Al - Muhajiroun , a designated and banned terrorist organisation .
Vahida Maglajlić ( 17 April 1907 -- 1 April 1943 ) was a Yugoslav Partisan recognized as a People 's Hero of Yugoslavia for her part in the struggle against the Axis powers during World War II . She was the only Bosnian Muslim woman to receive the order .
Luke Webster ( born 25 May 1982 ) is an Australian rules football coach and former player .
Adi Konstantinos ( Hebrew : עדי קונסטנטינוס‎ ; born 9 November 1994 ) is an Israeli professional footballer who plays for Hapoel Petah Tikva .
El Sayyid Nosair ( born 16 November 1955 ) is an Egyptian - born American citizen , convicted of involvement in the 1993 World Trade Center bombing .
Mitch Jacobson ( born 1963 ) is an American producer / director , video editor and educator specializing in multi - camera production .
Jakob Herrmann ( born 24 July 1987 ) is an Austrian ski mountaineer and paraglider pilot .
John Bodkin Adams ( 21 January 1899 -- 4 July 1983 ) was an Irish general practitioner , convicted fraudster and suspected serial killer .
Emer O'Brien ( born 1974 ) is an installation artist with a background in photography , she was born in Dublin and raised in Toronto .
William Rickatson Dykes was born on 4 November 1877 at Bayswater in London , the second son of Alfred Dykes .
Con Constantine ( born 1 July 1945 ) is a Cypriot Australian businessman and the former owner of the Australian football ( soccer ) club Newcastle United Jets .
Cornstalk ( Shawnee : Hokoleskwa ) ( ca . 1720 -- November 10 , 1777 ) was a prominent leader of the Shawnee nation just prior to the American Revolution ( 1775 - 1783 ) .
Felix von Manteuffel ( born Friedrich Karl Baron von Manteuffel - Szoege 6 May 1945 ) is a German actor .
Mark Kellett ( born 29 July 1960 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda , Footscray and Sydney in the Victorian / Australia Football League ( VFL / AFL ) .
Ma Mingzhe ( Chinese : 马明哲 ; born 1955 ) is Chairman of Ping An Insurance .
Isabella Gonzaga ( 1576 - -1630 ) was a duchess consort of Mantua and Montferrat as the wife of Vincenzo II Gonzaga , Duke of Mantua .
Keith Morton ( born 11 August 1934 ) is an English former footballer who scored 52 goals from 176 appearances in the Football League for Crystal Palace and Darlington in the 1950s and early 1960s .
Alireza Mousavi ( Persian : علیرضا موسوی‎‎ , born 27 April 1990 ) is an Iranian handball player for Dinamo București and the Iranian national team .
Karim Mouzaoui ( born 20 November 1975 ) is a French football player of Algerian descent .
Randy Pedersen ( born 1962 ) is a professional bowler and color analyst for ESPN 's coverage of the PBA Tour .
Bryan Strauchan was born in 1984 to Roy and Soy Bean Strauchan in the country town of Horsham , Victoria .
Michel Poivert ( born 1965 ) is professor of the history of contemporary art and photography at the Sorbonne .
Rumyana Spasova ( born 5 February 1989 in Sofia ) is a Bulgarian former pair skater .
Jacques Thomas Sarrut ( 16 August 1765 -- 26 June 1813 ) joined the French army and became a division commander in the First French Empire of Napoleon .
Yves Daoust ( born 10 April 1946 ) is a Canadian composer who is particularly known for his works of electroacoustic music .
Roman Fricke ( born 23 March 1977 in Bremen ) is a German high jumper , who won two national titles in the men 's high jump event .
Barrister Jan Muhammad Junejo : ( Urdu:جان محمد جونيجو , title : Raees - Ul - Muhajireen : رۂيس المھاجرين ) born in 1886 Larkana , Sindh .
Torill Fjellestad ( born 21 April 1982 ) is a Norwegian former footballer , who most recently played for Jølster IL of the Second Division .
Ali Al - Zein ( Arabic : علي الزين , 1949 ) is a Lebanese actor and voice actor .
Eleanor Mildred Sidgwick , ( née Balfour ; 11 March 1845 -- 10 February 1936 ) , known as Nora to her family and friends , was an activist for the higher education of women , Principal of Newnham College of the University of Cambridge , and a leading figure in the Society for Psychical Research .
Robert E. Van Voorst ( born 5 June 1952 ) is an American theologian and educator .
Stephen Chao ( born 1955 ) is an American internet entrepreneur , television producer and media executive .
Debra Richtmeyer is an American classical saxophonist born June 19 , 1957 , in Lansing , Michigan .
Stewart Edward White ( 12 March 1873 -- September 18 , 1946 ) was an American writer , novelist , and spiritualist .
Britta Kamrau - Corestein ( born 6 April 1979 in Rostock ) is a German long distance swimmer .
Des Hughes ( born 1970 ) is a British artist who lives and works in London and Herefordshire .
Major - General Sir Thomas Morgan , 1st Baronet ( 1604 -- 13 April 1679 ) was a Welsh soldier during the English Civil War , and Commander - in - Chief in Scotland during the Restoration .
Luigi Benoit ( 8 February 1804 , Avola -19 December 1890 , Messina ) was an Italian naturalist .
Chase Tiatia ( born 14 October 1995 ) is a Samoan rugby union player who currently plays as a utility back for the Chiefs in the international Super Rugby competition .
Mohamed Yousri Salama ( Arabic : محمد يسري سلامة‎ , 1 October 1974 -- 24 March 2013 ) was an Egyptian politician , writer and activist .
William Kwasi Aboah ( born 4 June 1939 ) is a Ghanaian barrister and politician .
Neil Grove ( born 18 January 1971 ) is a South African - English Heavyweight professional mixed martial artist .
James Edward Petroc Trelawny ( born 27 May 1971 ) is a British classical music radio and television broadcaster , who joined BBC Radio 3 in 1998 , where he now presents Breakfast .
Alby Linton ( 18 November 1926 -- 11 April 2010 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Footscray in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) and Williamstown in the Victorian Football Association ( VFA ) .
Mark Tatum ( 1956 -- 26 February 2005 ) was an American man from Kentucky , who became known as `` the man without a face '' after he became in 2000 the victim of a very aggressive Mucormycosis infection .
Thomas Schröder ( born 23 August 1962 in Waren ) is a retired East German sprinter who specialized in the 100 and 200 metres .
Narain Chand Parashar ( 2 July 1934 -- 21 February 2001 ) was an Indian professor , linguist and writer .
Aliaksandr Linnik ( Belarusian : Аляксандар Ліньнік ; born 28 January 1991 ) is a Belarusian sprinter who specialises in the 100 and 200 metres , as well as 110 metres hurdles .
Fritz Erler ( 15 December 1868 -- 11 December 1940 ) was a German painter , graphic designer and scenic designer .
Antoni Giełgud of Giełgud ( 1792 - 1831 ) was a Polish military officer , a general of the Polish Army .
Neelima Tirumalasetti ( Telugu : నీలిమ)(Born 31 December 1975 ) is an Indian film and television producer .
Ignacio Cáceres ( born 18 June 1976 ) is a Spanish long - distance runner who specializes in the 10,000 metres , half marathon and marathon .
Sir Arthur Snowden ( 29 July 1829 -- 18 June 1918 ) was an Australian lawyer , politician and mayor of Melbourne from 1892 - -95 .
Swami Ramdas ( born Vittal Rao 10 April 1884 -- 25 July 1963 ) was an Indian saint , philosopher , philanthropist , and pilgrim .
Alfred Edwin Jones , only son of Felix Thomas Jones and Mary Mitchell , was born in Shorncliff , Kent , England , on 14 August 1894 .
Dennis Haskell ( born 1948 ) is an Australian poet , critic and academic .
Jeffrey Hopkins ( born 1940 ) is an American Tibetologist .
Louis Kronberg ( 1872 - -1965 ) was an American figure painter , art dealer , advisor , and teacher .
Scipione Tecchi J.C.D. S.T.D. ( 27 June 1854 -- 22 January 1915 ) was a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Prefect of the Congregation of Rites .
Nailiya Yulamanova ( Russian : Наиля Гайнуловна Юламанова ; born 6 September 1980 ) is a Russian long - distance runner who specializes in the marathon .
Muhammetnazar Gapurowiç Gapurow ( 15 February 1922 -- 13 July 1999 ) ( sometimes referred to by the Russianized name Мухамедназар Гапурович Гапуров Mukhamednazar Gapurovich Gapurov ) served as the First Secretary of the Communist Party of the Turkmen SSR from 1969 until 1985 .
Zsuzsanna Tomori ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈʒuʒɒnːɒ ˈtomori ) ; born 18 June 1987 ) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Győri ETO KC and the Hungarian national team .
Kurt Mrkwicka ( born 16 July 1937 ) is a retired Austrian diver .
Olzvoin Ochbayar ( Mongolian : Олзвойн Очбаяр ; born 26 April 1989 ) is a Mongolian international footballer .
Richard Saumarez FRS FRSE FSA FRCS ( 13 November 1764 -- 28 January 1835 ) was a British surgeon and medical author .
Sebastian Langeveld ( born 17 January 1985 ) is a Dutch professional road racing cyclist who rides for UCI ProTeam Cannondale--
Giorgio Ghezzi ( 11 July 1930 -- 12 December 1990 ) , nicknamed `` Kamikaze '' , was an Italian football player .
Niall Fitzgerald ( born 1981 ) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a midfielder for the Tipperary senior team .
María del Mar Jover Pérez ( born 21 April 1988 in Alicante ) is a long jumper from Spain .
Feng Xiaoting ( simplified Chinese : 冯潇霆 ; traditional Chinese : 馮瀟霆 ; pinyin : Féng Xiāotíng ; born 22 October 1985 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League .
Lars Ulgenes ( born 27 January 1918 ) is a former Norwegian shot putter .
Major General Elizabeth Cosson AM , CSC ( born 1958 ) is a public servant and retired Australian Army officer .
Yuliya Bichyk ( Belarusian : Юлія Бічык ; Russian : Юлия Бичик , Yuliya Bichik ; born 1 April 1983 ) is a Belarusian rower .
Drew Berry ( born 1970 in the United States ) is a biomedical animator at the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research in Melbourne , Australia .
Michael L. Dorrough ( born January 1942 ) , American inventor and audio engineer generally regarded as the `` father of multi - band processing . ''
Maryann Plunkett ( born ca . 1953 ) is an American actress who in 1987 won the Tony Award for Best Leading Actress in a Musical for her performance as `` Sally Smith '' in Me and My Girl .
John Bisbee ( born 1965 ) is an American sculptor living and working in Maine .
Garry Baker ( born 24 March 1953 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne , Footscray and Sydney in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Steve Rowe ( born 24 January 1965 ) is the founder , bass guitarist , and vocalist of the Australian Christian death metal band Mortification which was considered to be a major pioneer in the genre .
Sir Michael Smurfit , KBE ( born 7 August 1936 ) , is an Irish businessman .
János Győri ( born 10 September 1976 ) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Pécsi Mecsek FC Contemporary of Gabor Győri , world famous political analyst .
Jerome Kitzke ( born 1955 ) is a composer who grew up along the southwestern shore of Lake Michigan in Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
Professor Jonathan Shalit OBE ( born 17 April 1962 ) is a British talent manager and chairman of ROAR Global and Cole Kitchenn .
Sir John Barker , 1st Baronet ( 6 April 1840 -- 16 December 1914 ) was a British entrepreneur of the late 19th and early 20th century .
Zulqarnain Haider ( Urdu : ذولقرنین حیدر‎ , born 23 April 1986 in Lahore ) is Pakistani cricketer who has played for his national team .
Andrew Masterson ( born 1961 in the United Kingdom ) is an Australian author of crime fiction , horror and non - fiction .
Huang Shaohong ( 1895 -- August 31 , 1966 ) was a warlord in Guangxi province , and governed Guangxi as part of the New Guangxi Clique , though the later part of the Warlord era and a leader in the later years of the Republic of China .
Francisca Ballesteros ( born 1969 ) is a Spanish murderer who between 1990 and 2004 killed her two daughters and her husband and attempted to kill her son .
Charles Edwards Lester or C. Edwards Lester ( 1815 - -90 ) was an American author and diplomat .
Ben Fixter ( born 23 June 1981 ) is an Australian rules football player who played with the Sydney and Brisbane Football Clubs in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Mattia Gavazzi ( born 14 June 1983 ) is an Italian road cyclist , who rides as a member of the Danish cycling team Christina Watches - Dana .
René Zagger ( born 1 June 1973 ) is an English actor , probably best known for playing PC Nick Klein in The Bill from 1999 to 2004 .
Rustam Aghayev ( Azerbaijani : Rüstəm Ağayev ; born 1 May 1982 in Moscow , Russian SFSR ) is a retired amateur Azerbaijani freestyle wrestler , who competed in the men 's heavyweight category .
Mark Mercuri ( born 21 February 1974 ) was a professional Australian rules football player for Essendon .
His Hon . Henry Yorke Stanger ( 11 November 1849 - 19 April 1929 ) , was a British Liberal Party politician and judge .
You Sang - joo ( born 11 December 1968 ) is a South Korean fencer .
Jonathan Raban ( born 14 June 1942 , Hempton , Norfolk , UK ) is a British travel writer and novelist .
Arnon Soffer ( born 24 December 1935 in Tel - Aviv ) is an Israeli geographer and a professor of Geography and environmental sciences , specialising in water issues and demography .
Lieutenant - General Aleksandr Petrovich Chumakov ( Belarusian : Аляксандр Пятровіч Чумакоў ; born on 26 November 1941 ) was the Defence Minister of Belarus from 1 November 1996 - 28 March 2001 .
Dr. Vinod Scaria ( born 9 March 1981 ) is an Indian researcher specialising in micro - RNA and long noncoding RNA biology , who is best known for sequencing the first Indian genome .
Lia van Rhijn ( born Nieuwerkerk aan den IJssel , 1953 ) is a Dutch ceramist and sculptor , who makes sculptures of human -- and animal figures and architectural forms .
Va Sokthorn or Va Quentin ( born 14 July 1987 ) is a French - born Cambodian footballer who plays for Phnom Penh Crown in the Cambodian League .
Frederick Daniel Hardy ( 13 February 1827 -- 1 April 1911 ) was an English genre painter and member of the Cranbrook Colony .
Charles J. Cunningham ( born 1932 ) was a Lieutenant General in the U.S. Air Force .
Finis Tasby ( 1939 or 1940 -- November 2 , 2014 ) was a Los Angeles based blues singer and frontman for the group The Mannish Boys .
Chia Chou ( born 1960 ) is a Taiwanese pianist , and a naturalised Canadian citizen .
Teófilo Torres ( born 6 March 1954 in Ponce , Puerto Rico ) is a Puerto Rican actor , director and professor of theatre .
Markel Susaeta Laskurain ( Basque : ( markel s̻us̻aeta las̻kuɾain ) , Spanish : ( ˈmarkel susaˈeta laskuˈɾain ) ; born 14 December 1987 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Athletic Bilbao as a right winger .
Karamat Ali ( born 18 March 1996 ) is a Pakistani first - class cricketer .
Jeremy Coller ( born 17 May 1958 ) is a British financial executive and philanthropist .
Emperor Huan of Han ( Chinese : 漢桓帝 ; pinyin : Hàn Húan Dì ; Wade -- Giles : Han Huan - ti ; 132 - -168 ) was the 27th emperor of the Han Dynasty after he was enthroned by the Empress Dowager and her brother Liang Ji on 1 August 146 .
Sadichha Shrestha ( Nepali : सदिच्छा श्रेष्ठ ) ( born 23 November 1991 , in Kathmandu ) is Miss Nepal 2010 .
Gareth John ( born 17 January 1972 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Sydney Swans and North Melbourne in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Smail Tulja ( born Smajo Džurlić in Plav , Montenegro , Yugoslavia , in 1940 or 1941 ) is a Montenegrin who was convicted in a Montenegro court , in July 2010 , for the 1990 murder of Mary Beal in New York City .
Željko Reiner ( born 28 May 1953 ) is a Croatian physician , politician and university professor , member of The Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts , former Minister of Health and Social Welfare who serves as the 10th Speaker of the Croatian Parliament since December 28 , 2015 .
Frank Condon , MA , MFA , ( b. Derbyshire , England , 1943 ) is a playwright and theatrical production director , the founding Artistic Director of River Stage , in Sacramento , California , and a professor of theatre at Cosumnes River College .
Atso Almila ( born 13 June 1953 , in Helsinki1 ) is a Finnish orchestral conductor , musical director , composer , trombonist and teacher .
José Parlá ( 1973 ) , is a Brooklyn - based artist who is known for his paintings , architectural collaborations , sculpture and photography .
Otto Göbl ( born 16 September 1936 ) was a West German bobsledder who competed from the late 1950s to the early 1960s .
Tamara Barykova ( born in 1914 , Moscow , Russian Empire - unknown ) was a student and a victim of religious repression against Catholics in USSR .
Jonathan Littell ( born 10 October 1967 ) is a writer living in Barcelona .
Schelte a Bolswert ( 1586 - -1659 ) was a leading Dutch engraver , noted for his works after Rubens and Van Dyck
Sabri Raheel ( Arabic : صبري رحيل‎ ) ( born on 2 October 1987 ) is an Egyptian footballer who plays as a Left - back for Egyptian Premier League side Al Ahly .
Richard Neile ( 1562 - -1640 ) was an English churchman , bishop successively of six English dioceses , more than any other man , including the Archdiocese of York from 1631 until his death .
Jim Main ( born 1943 ) is a sports journalist and writer from Australia .
Bruce Jensen ( born 1962 in Indianapolis , Indiana ) is a US illustrator who has created book covers for science fiction authors such as Kim Stanley Robinson , Neal Stephenson , Charles Sheffield , Joe Haldeman , Linda Nagata , and Philip K. Dick .
Phil Callaway , who has achieved notoriety for his humorous writing and speaking , was born July 26 , 1961 in Three Hills , Alberta , Canada .
Billy Bailey ( 1947 -- January 25 , 1996 ) was a convicted murderer hanged in Delaware in 1996 .
Irom Chanu Sharmila ( born 14 March 1972 ) , also known as the `` Iron Lady of Manipur '' or `` Mengoubi '' ( `` the fair one '' ) is a civil rights activist , political activist , and poet from the Indian state of Manipur .
Charles Townshend , 3rd Viscount Townshend ( 11 July 1700 -- 12 March 1764 ) , known as The Lord Lynn from 1723 to 1738 , was a British politician .
Erich Sack ( 1 April 1887 -- 24 January 1943 ) was a German Lutheran Pastor and resistance fighter against the Nazis .
Muhammad Izzdin Shafiq bin Yacob ( born 14 December 1990 ) known as Izzdin Shafiq is a Singaporean footballer who plays for Tampines Rovers .
Daniel Pope Cook ( 1794 -- October 16 , 1827 ) was a politician , lawyer and newspaper publisher from the U.S. state of Illinois .
Father Willie Doyle , S.J. , MC or William Joseph Gabriel Doyle ( 3 March 1873 -- 16 August 1917 ) , was an Irish Jesuit priest who was killed in action during the First World War .
Stefano Tilli ( born 22 August 1962 ) is a retired Italian sprinter trained by Fabrizio Lepore , who specialized in the 100 and 200 m. He is a two - time European indoor champion , three - time semi - finalist at the Olympic Games , and was the world record holder in the 200 m indoor .
John C. McCullough ( 1858 -- February 28 , 1920 ) was the Attorney General of California from 1863 to 1867 .
Ibrahim Lamorde ( born 20 December 1962 ) is a Nigerian police officer who was appointed Acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission ( EFCC ) on 23 November 2011 after chairman Farida Waziri had been dismissed by President Goodluck Jonathan .
Anders Annerfalk ( born 1959 in Sweden ) is an aviation author , historian and PR Director .
Elizabeth Matheson ( born 1942 ) is a prominent photographer in North Carolina .
Vernon Carkeek ( 13 February 1893 -- 28 December 1968 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Vitaly Bugrov ( Russian Виталий Иванович Бугров , 14 May 1938 -- 23 June 1994 ) was a notable Russian science fiction editor , critic , and bibliographer , one of the founders of the Soviet science - fiction fandom .
Gilles Roux ( born January 20 , 1971 ) is a French speedcuber primarily known for inventing a 3x3 method , the Roux Method , and achieving fast solves with it .
Angela Platt ( born 29 May 1979 , Coleraine , County Londonderry ) is a field hockey goalkeeper from Northern Ireland , who made her international debut for the Women 's National Team in 2000 against the United States .
Pierre Jean Louis Ovide Doublet ( 25 August 1749 - 4 February 1824 ) was a French politician and writer who spent much of his life serving in the Knights of Malta .
Nikolai Nikolaeff ( born 26 December 1981 ) is an Australian actor who is best known for his roles in the television series Sea Patrol , Power Rangers Jungle Fury and Daredevil ( alongside Gideon Emery ) .
Wyatt Rainey Blassingame ( 6 February 1909 -- 1985 ) , a.k.a . W.B. Rainey , was the author of more than 600 short stories and articles for national magazines , four adult novels and dozens of juvenile nonfiction books .
Lars Spuybroek ( born September 16 , 1959 , Rotterdam ) is a Dutch architect , artist and author .
Hung Tung ( Hong Dong ) ( Simplified Chinese:洪通 ; Traditional Chinese : 洪通 ; Pinyin : Hóng Tong ; born 1920 ) was a Taiwanese painter whose work , notable for its folk style , vivid colour and unique personal language , had a significant influence on the direction of Taiwanese Modern art in the 1970s .
David Gulpilil Ridjimiraril Dalaithngu AM ( born 1 July 1953 ) , is an Indigenous Australian traditional dancer and actor .
Olivier Richon ( born 1956 , Lausanne ) is a Swiss photographer living in London , UK .
Daniel Ricciardo ( /rᵻˈkɑːrdoʊ/ rih - CAR - doh ; born 1 July 1989 ) is an Australian racing driver who is currently competing in Formula One for Infiniti Red Bull Racing .
Erik Morse ( or Eric Morse ) ( born November 1979 ) , is an American underground author , rock writer and journalist .
Bishop Emeritus Matthew Shija ( 17 April 1924 -- 9 December 2015 ) was a Tanzanian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church .
William Chillingworth ( 12 October 1602 -- 30 January 1644 ) was a controversial English churchman .
Julia Laffranque ( 25 July 1974 , née Vahing ) , is an Estonian jurist , judge , legal scientist ( doctor iuris ) .
José Carlos Semenzato ( born 23 March 1968 ) is a Brazilian businessman and entrepreneur , founder and president of Microlins educational franchising chain .
Philip Yancey ( born 1949 ) is an American Christian author .
Stelios Demetriou ( Greek : Στέλιος Δημητρίου ; born 4 October 1990 ) is a Cypriot footballer who plays as a Winger .
Jean Weissenbach ( born 13 February 1946 ) is the current director of the Genoscope .
Haider Alo Ali Mohamed ( Arabic : حيدر ألو علي محمد‎ ; born 25 December 1979 ) is an Emirati footballer who played at 2007 AFC Asian Cup .
William Young Craig ( May 1827 - 1924 ) was a mining engineer , colliery owner and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1880 to 1885 .
Charles Jay McWilliams ( c. 1915 -- October 17 , 2010 ) was an American college basketball coach .
Sir William Cockayne ( Cokayne ) ( 1561 -- 20 October 1626 ) , London , England , was a seventeenth - century London merchant , alderman , and , in 1619 , Lord Mayor .
Helen Wardlaw ( born 11 October 1982 in Dewsbury ) is an English cricketer who played for Yorkshire women 's cricket team between 2000 and 2007 .
Mohammad Asghar Afridi ( born 15 March 1950 ) is a career diplomat and a former Pakistani Ambassador to Qatar .
Reinhard Febel ( born 3 July 1952 ) is a German composer , notable for his operas .
Logona Esau ( born 2 March 1987 on Nukufetau ) is a Tuvaluan weightlifter .
Donald MacKillop ( Gaelic : Dòmhnall MacPhilip ) ( born 15 January 1926 ) is a Scottish songwriter and poet who works mainly in Scottish Gaelic .
José María Velasco Maidana ( born around 1899 , died 1989 ) was a Bolivian film director , composer , conductor , actor , painter and dancer .
Rachel Parish ( born 21 May 1981 ) is an English international sportswoman who won a shooting gold medal and silver medal at the 2006 Commonwealth Games in Melbourne .
Nahir Besara ( born 25 February 1991 ) is a Swedish footballer of Assyrian / Syriac descent .
Wes Saunders ( born 23 February 1963 ) is an English former professional footballer and football club manager .
Fabio Sani ( born 1961 ) is a professor of social and health psychology in the School of Psychology at the University of Dundee .
Alex Bevan ( born 1950 ) is a guitarist , singer , songwriter , poet , radio personality , and music producer .
Jonathan Greatorex ( born 1970 ) is an English music educator who became nationally known for his involvement in the so - called `` Salters Hill Scandal '' in Lambeth and has subsequently gone on to become one of the UK 's leading consumer rights activists .
Gurjinder Kumar ( Punjabi : ਗੁਰਜਿੰਦਰ ਕੁਮਾਰ ; born 10 October 1990 ) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a Left back for Indian Super League club FC Pune City on loan from Salgaocar in the I - League .
Emma Clarke ( born 1971 ) is a writer of comedy and drama scripts and an award - winning voice - over artist , best known as the voice of the automated messages on the Bakerloo , Central and District lines of the London Underground .
Ghislaine Maxwell ( born 25 December 1961 ) is a British socialite and the youngest child of publisher Robert Maxwell .
Krishan Pal Gurjar was born on 4 February 1957 in the village Mewla Maharajpur of Faridabad , Haryana to Hans Raj Zaildar in a Baisla clan of Gurjar .
Daniel Pinchbeck ( born 15 June 1966 ) is an American author living in New York 's East Village .
Kevin Hird ( born 11 February 1955 ) is a retired English footballer .
Timothy Mark Pimentel Eigenmann , better known by his stage name Sid Lucero ( born 12 March 1981 , Manila ) , is a Filipino television and film actor .
Ching Cheung - ying ( Chinese : 程張迎 , born 1958 ) is a Hong Kong schoolteacher and politician .
Luis Pereyra ( born 9 July 1965 ) is a dancer and choreographer of Tango Argentino and Argentinian folklore .
Gastón Ugalde ( Born 1946 ) Latin American Artist recipient of the Konex Award in 2002 along with Oscar Niemeyer is called `` the most important living Bolivian artist '' by the Konex Foundation in Argentina and is also referred as the `` Andean Warhol '' by art critics .
Brianna Nelson ( born 9 May 1992 at Calgary , Alberta ) is a S7 classified Canadian para - swimmer who has competed in the 2008 and 2012 Paralympics .
Brett Beukeboom ( born 13 August 1990 ) is a rugby union lock who plays for Cornish Pirates and Canada .
Sunil Perera ( born 14 September 1952 ) is a Sri Lankan vocalist , guitarist , songwriter and composer .
Daryl Griffiths ( born 6 November 1945 ) is a former Australian rules footballer in the VFL .
Subhasish Dey ( Bengali : শুভাশীষ েদ ; born 1958 ) is a hydraulician and educator .
Humphrey Leech ( 1571 - -1629 ) was an English priest of the Church of England and Catholic convert , known as a Jesuit author .
Judith Augoustides ( born 10 April 1975 ) is a South African olympic beach volleyballer .
Maria Sid - Achrén ( née Maria Sid , born 13 May 1968 ) is a Finnish actress .
Jarno Trulli ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈjarno ˈtrulli ) ; born 13 July 1974 ) is an Italian racing driver .
Alexei Almoukov ( born on 22 March 1990 in Soloboyevo , Tyumen Oblast ) is an Australian biathlete .
Vicente Rodríguez Guillén ( Spanish pronunciation : ( biˈθente roˈðɾiɣeθ ɡiˈʎen ) ; born 16 July 1981 ) , known simply as Vicente , nicknamed El puñal de Benicalap ( The dagger of Benicalap ) , is a Spanish retired footballer .
Neil Cochran ( born 12 April 1965 ) is a Scottish former competitive swimmer who represented Great Britain in the Olympics , European championships and World University Games , and swam for Scotland in the Commonwealth Games , during the 1980s .
Afshan Azad ( born 12 February 1988 ) is an English actress and model of Bangladeshi descent .
Daniel Pagano ( pronounced `` Pah - GAH - noh'')(born 1953 ) is a New York mobster and a caporegime in the Genovese crime family who was involved in a famous gasoline bootlegging racket of the 1980s .
Jonkheer Lodewijk Cornelis Josephus Andreas van Meeuwen ( ' s - Hertogenbosch , 1844 - ' s - Hertogenbosch , 1918 ) was a Dutch lawyer and president of the court .
Mohamed Mustapha Ali Masfaka ( born 1962 ) , better known as Abu Ratib ( أبو راتب ) , is a Syrian - born Nasheed singer of Islamic and Arabic music based on classical Arab poetry .
Henry Haller ( born 1923 ) is a Swiss American chef who served as Executive Chef of the White House from 1966 to 1987 .
Eva Birthistle ( born 1 January 1974 ) is an Irish actress , best known for her role in Ae Fond Kiss ....
Cory Gathercole ( born 2 December 1986 in Irymple , Victoria ) is an Australian international motorcycle speedway rider who rides for the Plymouth Devils in the British Premier League .
Lars - Eric Uneståhl , born in 1938 , is a Psychologist and PhD in psychology .
Kelly Kwalik ( 1955 -- December 16 , 2009 ) was a senior separatist leader and military commander with the Free Papua Movement ( OPM ) , a separatist organization based in Indonesia 's Papua Province .
Dr. Daud Shah Saba ( born 1964 ) is a politician in Afghanistan , who is serving as Governor of Herat Province since August 2010 when his predecessor Ahmad Yusuf Nuristani had resigned from the post .
Jan Krasiński ( 1756 - -1790 ) was a Polish nobleman ( szlachcic ) .
Peter Trudgill , FBA ( /ˈtrʌdɡᵻl/ ; born 7 November 1943 ) is a sociolinguist , academic and author .
Jeff Edwards ( born 1959 ) is an American author of bestselling military thrillers .
Antoinette Pienaar ( born 1961 ) is a South African actress , singer , and author .
Henry Spencer ( born 1955 ) is a Canadian computer programmer and space enthusiast .
Conal Ó Gráda ( born in Cork 1961 ) is an Irish flute and tin whistle player and teacher .
Timycen Maruma ( born 19 April 1988 , Harare , Zimbabwe ) is a Zimbabwean international cricketer .
Jiang Hongkun ( Chinese : 蒋宏坤 ; born January 1954 ) is a Chinese politician best known for his term as the mayor of Nanjing , the Communist Party Secretary of Suzhou , and a member of the Jiangsu provincial Party Standing Committee .
Abdurahman Khadr ( Arabic : عبد الرحمن خضر‎ , ʿAbd ar - Raḥman Ḫaḍr ; born 1982 ) is a Canadian citizen who was held as an enemy combatant in extrajudicial detention in the United States Guantanamo Bay detainment camps , in Cuba , after being detained in 2002 in Afghanistan under suspicion of connections to Al - Qaeda .
Pervin Buldan ( 6 November 1967 ) is a Turkish politician of Kurdish origin .
Yuula Benivolski ( born 1980 ) is a Russian - Jewish artist working predominantly in video , sculpture/ installation and photography .
Ned Bouhalassa ( born Le Mans , France , 25 August 1962 ) is a composer of film scores , television scores , and electroacoustic music .
Anita Nyberg ( born 1940 ) is a Swedish professor in Gender Perspectives in Work and Economics at the Centre for Gender Studies at Stockholm University .
Zephania Kameeta ( born 7 August 1945 in Otjimbingwe , Erongo Region ) is a Namibian religious and political leader .
Calypso Botez ( 1880 - -1933 ) , was a Romanian writer , suffragist and women 's rights activist .
Nirmal Baba , former name Nirmaljit Singh Narula , was born in 1952 in Samana , India , near Patiala in Punjab , to a Namdhari Sikh family and is the youngest of two brothers and three sisters .
Beatrice Atim Anywar , also known as Mama Mabira , born 1964 in Kitgum , is an Ugandan politician and member of Parliament for the opposition party FDC , and minister of the Environment in the Shadow Cabinet .
Joseph Greer ( born 8 August 1754 ) also known as the Kings Mountain Messenger , is most known for his delivery of the message of victory against the British at the Battle of Kings Mountain to the Continental Congress in 1780 .
Claude Volter ( 31 January 1933 -- 15 October 2002 ) , father of actor Philippe Volter , was a Belgian comedian and theatre director .
Ioannis Demestichas ( Greek : Ιωάννης Δεμέστιχας , 1882 - -1960 ) was a Greek Navy officer .
Ahmed Nadeem ( born 26 October 1976 ) is a United Arab Emirati cricketer .
Dai Chunrong ( 戴春荣 ) ( born 1961 in Xi'an , Shaanxi ) is a Chinese television actress and a former Qinqiang actress .
Hod Lipson ( born 1967 in Haifa , Israel ) is an American robotics engineer .
Gilles Joye ( 1424 or 1425 -- 31 December 1483 ) was a Franco - Flemish composer of the Renaissance .
Luca Pianca ( born 1958 ) is a Swiss musician - lutenist whose specialty is archlute .
Amin Iskander ( born 1952 ) is an Egyptian politician , writer and activist .
Sebastian Castellio ( also Sébastien Châteillon , Châtaillon , Castellión , and Castello ) ( 1515 -- December 29 , 1563 ) was a French preacher and theologian ; and one of the first Reformed Christian proponents of religious toleration , freedom of conscience and thought .
Jorge Selarón ( 1947 -- January 10 , 2013 ) was a Chilean - born Brazilian painter and ceramist .
Niles Eldredge ( /ˈɛldrɛdʒ/ ; born August 25 , 1943 ) is an American biologist and paleontologist , who , along with Stephen Jay Gould , proposed the theory of punctuated equilibrium in 1972 .
Michael Kulikowski ( born 1970 ) is an American historian , tenured at the Pennsylvania State University , who is a specialist in the history of the western Mediterranean world of Late Antiquity .
Michael Woolworth ( born in 1960 ) is a master printer of American origin , living and working in Paris .
Gary Ford ( born 8 February 1961 ) is an English former footballer who played on the right - wing .
Bertil Hallin , born 30 December 1931 , is a Swedish church musician and music teacher , active in Malmö .
Matthias Fronius ( born 28 February 1522 in Kronstadt , Siebenbürgen / d. 1588 in Kronstadt , Siebenbürgen ) was a Lutheran cleric and Stadtrichter ( English : city magistrate ) in Kronstadt , Siebenbürgen .
Frederick Christopher Kwabena Gyearbuor Asante ( 4 November 1941 -- 2 August 2000 ) was a Ghanaian actor best remembered for his role in the Channel 4 situation comedy Desmond 's , in which he played the role of Gambian mature student Matthew .
Steven Best ( born December 1955 ) is an American animal rights advocate , author , and associate professor of philosophy at the University of Texas at El Paso .
Christopher Lydon ( born in Boston , Massachusetts , in 1940 ) is an American media personality and author .
Guo Guangchang ( simplified Chinese : 郭广昌 ; traditional Chinese : 郭廣昌 , born 16 February 1967 ) is a Chinese billionaire business magnate and investor .
Lino Enea Spilimbergo ( born Lino Claro Honorio Enea Spilimbergo ) ( 12 August 1896 -- 16 March 1964 ) was an Argentine artist and engraver , and he is considered to be one of the country 's most important painters .
Richard Dinnick ( born 22 January 1968 ) is a British screenwriter , novelist , and audio playwright .
Moran Mazor ( Hebrew : מורן מזור‎ ; born 17 May 1991 ) is an Israeli singer .
Yungtön Dorjepel ( Wylie : g.yung ston rdo rje dpa ) was born at Gorma ( or Gurmo ) near Shalu Monastery in the province of Tsang in 1284 CE into the family of a tantric priest of the Len clan .
Rossella Gregorio ( born 30 August 1990 ) is an Italian sabre fencer , bronze medallist in the 2014 European Fencing Championships .
Łukasz Foltyn ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈwukaʂ ˈfɔltɨn ) ; born in 1974 ) is a Polish programmer , the creator of Gadu - Gadu instant messenger and Foltyn Commander program .
Christine Charbonneau ( 18 October 1943 -- 29 May 2014 ) was a French Canadian singer and songwriter .
Bruno Lüdke ( 3 April 1908 -- 8 April 1944 ) was an alleged German serial killer .
Stefano Castagnotto , born 2 June , 1956 , is an Italian army officer , of Major General rank , who served as the force commander of EUFOR Althea in Bosnia and Herzegovina from 4 December 2008 until 3 December 2009 .
Satya Hegde ( born 17 May 1975 ) is an Indian cinematographer who works in Kannada cinema .
Colleen Barrett ( born 14 September 1944 , Bellows Falls , Vermont ) is the President Emerita and Corporate Secretary of Southwest Airlines .
Wenten Rubuntja ( c. 1923 -- 2005 ) was an Australian artist and Aboriginal rights activist .
Wincey Willis ( born Florence Winsome Dymmock , Gateshead , Tyne and Wear , 8 August 1948 ) is a British broadcaster who found television success in the 1980s .
Michalis Tremopoulos ( Greek : Μιχάλης Τρεμόπουλος , b. 3 March 1958 , Serres ) is a Greek lawyer , journalist , environmentalist and politician .
David Maraniss ( born 1949 ) is an American journalist and author , currently serving as an associate - editor for The Washington Post .
Leandro Vitiello is ( born 16 October 1985 ) is an Italian Footballer who currently plays for AC Bellinzona in the Swiss Challenge League .
Edwin Coup ( 9 June 1861 -- 2 July 1892 ) , also known as Edwin Coupe , was an English cricketer who played for Derbyshire between 1885 and 1887 .
Ulrich Fugger the Younger ( 1490 - 1525 ; von der Lilie ) was a German merchant and businessman from the Fugger family .
Keith Maillard ( born 28 February 1942 in Wheeling , West Virginia ) is a fiction author and poet .
Elinor Lander Horwitz ( born March 1929 ) is an American author of young adult and adult books .
Lou Clayton ( also Lew Clayton , born Louis Finkelstein ; 1890 - 1950 ) was an American song - and - dance vaudeville performer , best known for his teaming with Jimmy Durante and Eddie Jackson , as Clayton , Jackson , and Durante , or `` The Three Sawdust Bums '' .
Orly Weinerman ( Hebrew : אורלי ויינרמן‎ ; born 21 June 1971 ) is an Israeli actress , model and singer .
Adrian Carter ( born 1959 ) is an English architect , Associate professor at the Department of Architecture and Design at Aalborg University , Denmark and Director of the Utzon Research Center in Aalborg .
Evelina Tshabalala ( born 1965 ) , a South African marathon runner and mountaineer , has climbed Mount Aconcagua and Mount Kilimanjaro .
Thamir Muhsin ( 1938 - -1995 ) was a senior lecturer at the Baghdad University , and a respected football coach in the Iraqi top division having managed at Al - Jameaa and the Iraq .
Peter Lunenfeld ( born 1962 , in New York City ) is a critic and theorist of digital media .
Semir Hadžibulić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Семир Хаџибулић , born 16 August 1986 ) is a Serbian - born Bosniak football player who plays for KÍ Klaksvík in the Effodeildin in the Faroe Islands .
Peter Zoïs ( born 21 April 1978 ) is a retired Australian footballer and manager Victorian Premier League side Oakleigh Cannons .
Jean - Pierre Kohut - Svelko ( born in 1946 ) is a French production designer and art director .
Kerry Argent ( born 1960 ) is an Australian Illustrator of children 's books .
Tinashe Chimbambo ( born 8 February 1989 ) is a Zimbabwean cricketer who has played domestically for Mashonaland and Northerns .
Alfred Olsen ( born 17 August 1947 ) is a Greenlandic politician and member of the Siumut party .
Dennis Diken ( born February 25 , 1957 ) co - founded the N.J. band The Smithereens .
Joshua Mosley ( born 1974 in Dallas , Texas ) is an American artist and animator .
Yasir Abbasi ( born 16 November 1978 ) is a Director of Photography from India .
Altino Pinto de Magalhães ( Ribalonga , Carrazeda de Ansiães ; 8 May 1922 ) was an Army Officer in the Portuguese Armed Forces , Military Governor and official in the Ministry of the Army , as well as the President of the Junta Regional of the Azores .
Erich Kukk ( born 26 October 1928 in Misso Parish ) is an Estonian phycologist and conservationist .
Kevin Holt ( born 25 January 1993 ) is a Scottish association footballer who plays for Scottish Premiership side Dundee .
Mihai Furtună ( born 16 August 1955 ) is a Moldovan politician , deputy - mayor of Chişinău since September 2001 .
Murun Altankhuyag ( Mongolian : Алтанхуягийн Мөрөн , Altankhuyagiin Mörön ; born 21 September 1989 ) is a Mongolian international footballer who plays professionally in Serbia for Mačva Šabac as a striker .
Rosie Stancer née Clayton ( born 1960 ) is a British explorer and polar adventurer who , since 1996 , has embarked on major polar expeditions of increasing severity and commitment .
Garibaldi Alves Filho ( born 4 February 1947 ) is a Brazilian politician and former President of the Federal Senate .
Han Sai Por ( Chinese : 韩少芙 ; pinyin : Hán Shàofú ; born 19 July 1943 ) is a Singaporean sculptor .
Blessed Giovanna Maria Bonomo ( 15 August 1606 -- 1 March 1670 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic nun who was a professed member of the Benedictines .
Ali Bayramoğlu ( born 1956 ) , is a Turkish writer and political commentator .
Minas Hadjimichael ( born 1956 ) is the Permanent Representative to the United Nations for Cyprus .
On 19 October 1895 , August Delling was born on a farm at Braunetsrieth in northeastern Bavaria .
Ashok Anjum ( born 15 September 1966 ) is a Hindi author of comedic poetry ( hasya kavi ) .
Declan Patton ( born 23 May 1995 ) is a rugby league footballer who plays for Warrington in Super League as a halfback ( 6 or 7 ) .
Ádám Steinmetz ( born 11 August 1980 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian water polo player and Olympic champion , who plays for Hungarian Championship outfit Vasas SC .
Viola Goretzki ( later Landvoigt , born 23 November 1956 ) is a retired German rower .
Emilia Mosquito , born January 25 , 1982 in Stockholm is a Swedish film director whose short films have made headlines due to their often political and or ideological content .
Ham Seok - heon ( 13 March 1901 -- 4 February 1989 ) was a notable figure in the Religious Society of Friends ( Quaker ) movement in Korea , and was nicknamed the `` Gandhi of Korea . ''
Brent Green ( 29 March 1976 -- 30 November 2009 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for the Brisbane Bears , Brisbane Lions and Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Alex Hyde - White ( born 30 January 1959 ) , also credited as Alex Hyde White , is an English - born film and television actor .
David Albiston ( born 22 December 1944 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1960s .
Ann Marie Starr ( born 1992 ) is a camogie player , a member of the Galway senior panel that unsuccessfully contested the All Ireland finals of 2010 and 2011 against Wexford ,
Mosa Walsalam Sastriyar(1847 - February 20 , 1916 ) was born in Thirupuram near Thriuvananthapuram , Valsala Shastriar was a poet , music composer , singer and social reformer .
Tejendra Khanna ( born 16 December 1938 in Patna , Bihar ) was the Lieutenant Governor of Delhi from April 2007 - July 2013 .
Brigid Callahan Harrison ( born 1965 ) is a Professor of Political Science and Law at Montclair State University , where she has taught since 1994 .
Karl Torsten Kumfeldt ( 4 January 1886 -- 2 May 1966 ) was a Swedish water polo goalkeeper and breaststroke swimmer .
Isabella Ford was born 23 May 1855 in Headingley , Leeds , in the north of England .
Josef Feistmantl ( born 23 February 1939 ) is a former Austrian luger who competed from the mid-1950s to the early 1970s .
Frank Weylert ( né Johansen ; born 27 June 1921 , died 25 . december 2007 ) is a Norwegian singer and actor .
Wolfgang Dittrich ( born 1962 , Neuss ) is a German triathlete now living in the United States .
Daniel Soares de Sousa Lemos ( born 1 May 1990 ) , commonly known as Daniel Lemos , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a Forward .
Avi Yehiel ( Hebrew : אבי יחיאל‎ ) , ( born 26 September 1979 ) is an Israeli footballer .
Jeffrey B. Welch ( born 1954 ) is Senior Vice President of Krispy Kreme as well as President of the company 's international development .
Genko Papazov ( Bulgarian : Генко Папазов ) ( born 21 January 1972 ) is a former Bulgarian footballer who played for FC Chirpan and Metalurg Pernik .
I m Chae - bin ( born 29 October 1991 ) is a South Korean professional racing cyclist .
Vittorio Visini ( born 25 May 1945 ) s a retired Italian race walker .
Isaac Ironside ( 17 September 1808 -- 20 August 1870 ) was a British Chartist and socialist politician .
Janet Henderson ( born 1957 ) is a Welsh Anglican priest and former nurse .
David Moor ( born 1947 ) was a British general practitioner who was prosecuted in 1999 for the euthanasia of a patient .
Dan Einbinder ( Hebrew : דן איינבינדר‎ ; born 16 February 1989 ) is an Israeli footballer .
Rita Cetina Gutiérrez was born 22 May 1846 in Mérida , Yucatán , Mexico to Colonel Don Pedro Cetina and Jacoba Gutiérrez .
John McGinlay ( born 8 April 1964 ) is a Scottish former footballer who is best known for his spell at Bolton Wanderers in the mid to late 1990s .
Alexis Puentes ( born 1974 ) , better known by his stage name Alex Cuba , is a Cuban - Canadian singer - songwriter who sings in Spanish and English .
Gerhard Graf - Martinez ( born 1952 in Schorndorf , Baden - Württemberg ) is a German Jewish Flamenco guitarist , author and composer .
Elizabeth Louise Botting CBE ( born 19 September 1939 ) is a British company director and former broadcaster .
William Beacom ( born 1990 ) is a duct tape expert from Midland , Michigan .
Sarafu Fatiaki ( born 26 July 1990 ) is a Fijian rugby league player for the National Rugby League team the Penrith Panthers .
Kiyoshi Misaki ( 見崎 清志、born 13 January 1946 ) is a former Japanese racing driver .
France Adamič ( 4 October 1911 -- 5 August 2004 ) was a Slovenian agronomist and author of several books on horticulture .
Hmawbi Saya Thein ( Burmese : မော်ပီဆရာသိန်း , pronounced : ( mɔ̀bì sʰəjá θéiɴ ) ; 1862 - -1942 ) was a Burmese writer , known for his articles on Burmese culture and history .
Gavin Cattle ( born 5 April 1980 in Bridgend , Wales ) is a Welsh rugby union footballer , who has spent most of his professional career playing in England .
Glenn Ross ( born 27 May 1971 ) known by his nickname `` The Daddy '' , is a Northern Irish former International Strongman and Powerlifter who has represented Ireland and the UK in several World 's Strongest Man competitions and various World Grand Prix and European Team competitions .
Yacoub Riad Sarraf ( Arabic : يعقوب رياض الصراف‎ ; shorter form Yacoub Sarraf , يعقوب صراف ) ( born 1961 ) is a Lebanese politician .
Matthew Ellison Hadfield ( 8 September 1812 - 9 March 1885 ) was an English architect of the Victorian Gothic revival .
Velimir Stjepanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Велимир Стјепановић ; born on 7 August 1993 ) is a Serbian swimmer , member of Hamilton Aquatics .
Maxime Guyon ( born 7 May 1989 ) is a French flat racing jockey , who debuted at 2005 .
Marina Suwendy ( born 16 December 1986 ) is a Malaysian international model , TV host , event Master of Ceremonies , and journalist .
Jeff Jahn ( born 1970 ) is a curator , art critic , artist , historian , blogger and composer based in Portland , Oregon , United States .
Anthony Powers ( born 13 March 1953 ) is a British composer of classical music .
Thomas Darley ( born 19 May 1664 ) served as Her Majesty 's Consul to the Levant ( Syria ) during the reign of Queen Anne .
Kou Zhun ( 寇凖 ) ( 961 - -1023 ) was a much - praised official in ancient China 's Northern Song Dynasty .
Davita Prendergast ( born 6 December 1984 in Westmoreland ) is a Jamaican sprinter , who specializes in the 400 meters .
Bradford Keeney , Ph.D. ( 3 April 1951 ) is a creative therapist , cybernetician , anthropologist of cultural healing traditions , improvisational performer , and spiritual healer .
Keith Pascoe ( born 1959 ) is a musician and conductor from Liverpool , England , best known for his work with musical ensembles such as the Chamber Orchestra of Europe , the London Philharmonic , and the RTÉ Vanbrugh String Quartet .
Odd Torgeir Rusten ( 27 February 1925 -- 1 February 2009 ) was a Norwegian smallholder and politician for the Labour Party .
Alfred Chaplin ( 1879 -- after 1911 ) , commonly known as Fred Chaplin , was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Small Heath .
Rüdiger Bohn ( born 1960 ) is a German conductor and professor .
Rajid Baransi ( Arabic : راجد برانسي‎ , Hebrew : רג'יד בראנסי‎ ; born 7 January 1979 ) is an Arab - Israeli footballer .
Ip Ching ( born 1936 ) is a Chinese martial artist .
Kota Harinarayana ( b. 1943 , in Brahmapur , Odisha ) was the Vice - Chancellor of the University of Hyderabad and the President of the Aeronautical Society of India .
Japhet N'Doram ( born 27 February 1966 ) is a Chadian retired footballer who played as a striker and attacking midfielder .
Duncan Williams ( born 17 April 1986 in Douglas , Cork , Ireland ) , is an Irish rugby union player for Munster in the Pro 12 and European Rugby Champions Cup .
Robert Ilatov ( Hebrew : רוברט אילטוב‎ , born 12 November 1971 ) is an Israeli politician and member of the Knesset for Yisrael Beiteinu .
Samuel D. Wonders ( 1890 - -1980 ) , a consulting engineer and ink manufacturer , was president of the Carter 's Ink Company , in Cambridge , Massachusetts , from 1949 to 1955 .
George Pitt , 2nd Baron Rivers ( 19 September 1751 -- 20 July 1828 ) was a British nobleman and politician .
Jessica Garza Montes de Oca born ( 22 September 1984 ) is a Mexican actress , singer- songwriter and writer .
Thomas Chandy was born on 29 August 1947 , one of the sons of V.C.Thomas and Aleyamma Thomas at Chenammkary .
Liao Xilong ( simplified Chinese : 廖锡龙 ; traditional Chinese : 廖錫龍 ; pinyin : Liào Xílóng ; born June 1940 ) is a retired general in the People 's Liberation Army .
Panourgias Eliopoulos , or Panourgias Iliopoulos ( Greek : Πανουργιάς Ηλιόπουλος ) was born in Paloumba in 1787 .
Michael Nugent ( born 1 June 1961 ) is an Irish writer and activist .
Janez Bitenc ( 25 October 1925 -- 4 February 2005 ) was a Slovene composer and music teacher , best known for the music he wrote for over 400 children 's songs and musical stories .
Michael Witte ( born 1944 ) is an American - born illustrator and cartoonist .
Leanne Moore ( born 24 July 1984 ) is the winner of the 2008 series of You 're a Star on Raidió Teilifís Éireann ( RTÉ ) .
Erik Lindgren ( 15 December 1954 ) is an American composer and keyboards player .
Olivia Charlotte Waithe ( born 31 May 1988 ) , better known by her stage name Livvi Franc , is a British Barbadian singer - songwriter .
Georg Quedens ( born 1934 in Norddorf ) is a German photographer and non - fiction writer as well as a local and natural historian .
Markus Imhoof ( born 19 September 1941 ) is a Swiss film director , screenwriter , theatre and opera director .
Pavol Paška ( born 23 February 1958 ) is a Slovak politician who served as Speaker of the National Council of the Slovak Republic from 2006 to 2010 and again from 2012 to 2014 .
Akasha Gloria Hull ( born December 6 , 1944 ) is a poet , educator , writer , and critic whose work in African - American literature and as a Black feminist activist has helped shape Women 's Studies .
Chow Kai Wing ( Traditional Chinese : 周佳榮 ; born 1947 ) is a Professor and the Head of Department of History in Hong Kong Baptist University .
Peter Ruscuklic ( 15 December 1955 -- 1 May 2014 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Fitzroy and Geelong in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1970s .
Girolamo Parabosco ( c. 1524 -- April 21 , 1557 ) was an Italian writer , composer , organist , and poet of the Renaissance .
Robert Kozluk ( born 5 August 1977 ) is an English footballer who played primarily as a right - back .
Nicolas Sadirac ( born 11 May 1968 ) , is a French computer scientist , co - founder and President of the French Computer Science school 42 .
Artūras Rimkevičius ( born 14 April 1983 ) is a Lithuanian footballer who currently plays as a striker for FC Stumbras in A Lyga .
Marcus Reeves ( born 3 February 1979 , Clapham , London ) is a London - based songwriter and performer .
Bente Børsum ( born 21 June 1934 ) is a Norwegian actress , probably best known for her roles in the movies `` Mors hus '' ( 1974 ) and `` Reisen til julestjernen '' ( 1976 ) .
Cuthbert Fairbanks - Smith ( 18 March 1885 -- 25 May 1948 ) played first - class cricket for Somerset in two matches in 1921 .
Mark French ( born 13 October 1984 ) is a retired Australian sprint cyclist .
Colonel Rudolphus Ritzema ( 1739 - 1803 ) was an American officer in the New York Line during the American Revolutionary War , and later changed sides , serving as a lieutenant colonel in a British regiment .
Kaspar Zehnder ( born 27 August 1970 in Riggisberg , Canton of Bern ) is a Swiss conductor and flutist .
Nicolae Frolov ( 1876 - -1948 ) was a Romanian geologist and agronomist from Bessarabia .
Neil Cushley ( born 23 February 1967 in Middlesbrough , England ) is a British ice skater who competed in pairs with his sister Lisa Cushley .
Eric Winstone ( born 1 January 1913 in London , died 2 May 1974 in Pagham , Sussex ) was an English big band leader and composer .
General Don José Gonzalo Escobar ( 1892 - 1969 ) was an officer in the Mexican Army and leader of the failed Escobar Rebellion in 1929 , which challenged the political power of Plutarco Elías Calles .
Rukia Begum ( Bengali : রোকেয়া বেগম ; born 1989 ) is an English textile and fashion designer , and photographer .
Ashley Titus ( 28 December 1970 -- 28 November 2007 ) , better known as Mr Fat , was a South African rapper , musician and television presenter .
Vani Jairam ( born 30 November 1945 in Tamil Nadu ) is a playback singer in Indian cinema , primarily in South Indian languages , although she has a wider repertoire .
Thomas Flower Ellis ( 1796 -- 5 April 1861 ) was an English law reporter .
Dr. David T. Hon ( born 1941 ) is an American physicist , inventor and entrepreneur .
Brigadier Dame Florence Barbara Cozens DBE DStJ RRC ( 24 December 1906 -- 18 July 1995 ) was a Darjeeling - born British nurse and nursing administrator .
Junior English ( born Lindel Beresford English , 1951 ) is a Jamaican - born reggae singer who began his career in the early 1960s before relocating to England .
Aidan Cummins ( born 1979 ) is an Irish hurler who played as a left wing - back for the Kilkenny senior team .
Heidi Shyu ( Chinese : 徐若冰 , Xú Ruòbīng ) ( born 28 September 1953 ) is the current United States Assistant Secretary of the Army for Acquisition , Logistics , and Technology , having been sworn into office on June 4 , 2011 .
Wynne Richards ( born 10 June 1950 ) is a lawn bowler and indoor bowler .
Mateo Poljak ( Croatian pronunciation : ( matěo poʎaːk ) ; born 10 September 1989 ) is a Croatian professional footballer , who plays for the Newcastle Jets in the A - League .
Ippolito Maria Beccaria ( 1550 - -1600 ) was the Master of the Order of Preachers from 1589 to 1600 .
Isaac Manasses de Pas , Marquis de Feuquieres ( 1 June 1590 -- 13 March 1640 ) was a French soldier .
Peter Callander ( 10 October 1939 -- 25 February 2014 ) was an English songwriter and record producer .
Charles Racquet ( 1597 - -1664 ) was a French organist and composer , best known for his monumental organ Fantaisie .
Rene Sylva ( January 1929 -- December 28 , 2008 ) was a native Hawaiian botanist from Paia , Hawaii .
Ivan Milutinović ( nickname Milutin ; Serbian Cyrillic : Иван Милутиновић ; 27 September 1901 -- 23 October 1944 ) was a Yugoslav Partisan general and an eminent military commander who participated in World War II in Yugoslavia .
Thomas Wilson Paterson ( 6 December 1851 -- 28 August 1921 ) was a Canadian railway contractor , politician , and the ninth Lieutenant Governor of British Columbia .
Vladimir Delman ( Petrograd , 26 January 1923 -- Bologna , 28 August 1994 ) was a Russian conductor .
Yawa Hansen - Quao ( born 15 September 1983 ) is a Ghanaian founder , social entrepreneur and a feminist .
Anita Erskine - Amaizo ( born c. 1978 ) is a Ghanaian entrepreneur , TV and radio presenter .
Adrian Durham ( born 13 May 1969 in Dogsthorpe , Peterborough , England ) is a football journalist and broadcaster .
George Prismall ( born 10 March 1915 , date of death unknown ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Attilio Deffenu ( 28 December 1890 -- 16 June 1918 ) was an Italian journalist , soldier , exponent of Sardinian autonomism and a syndicalist .
Wolry Wolfe ( born 12 August 1981 ) is a Jamaican international footballer who plays professionally for Humble Lions , as a left winger .
Arnold Crowther ( born 7 October 1909 in Chatham , Kent of the UK - died 1 May 1974 ) was a skilled stage magician , ventriloquist , and puppeteer , and was married to Patricia Crowther .
Claire Ellen Max ( born 1946 ) is a Professor of Astronomy and Astrophysics at the University of California , Santa Cruz and is affiliated with the Lick Observatory .
André Bo - Boliko Lokonga Monse Mihambo ( born 15 August 1934 ) is a Congolese former politician .
Carol Drinkwater ( born 22 April 1948 ) is an Anglo - Irish actress , author and filmmaker .
Rade Veljović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Раде Вељовић ; born 9 August 1986 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Radnik Surdulica .
Giorgos Papandreou ( born 12 February 1969 ) is a retired Greek footballer who played for several teams in Greek Super League ( Kavala , Paniliakos , Athinaikos , Ethnikos Asteras and Kalamata ) and Cypriot First Division ( Digenis Morphou and APOEL ) .
Adolphus Busch Orthwein , also known as Dolph Orthwein , ( 1917 - 2013 ) was an American heir and business executive .
Manqoba Mngqithi ( born 25 April 1971 in Umzimkhulu , KwaZulu - Natal ) is a South African football coach who has managed a number of clubs in the Premier Soccer League .
Winfried Toll ( born 1955 ) is a German conductor , singer , composer and academic teacher .
James A. Hall , Sr . ( born 1947 ) is an American percussionist of all idioms , jazz drummer , jazz guitarist , music educator , and Distinguished Professor Emeritus at the University of South Carolina School of Music .
George Maxwell Wise , known as Max Wise ( born 1975 ) , is a college professor from his native Campbellsville , Kentucky , who is the Republican member of the Kentucky State Senate for District 16 , which encompasses Adair , Clinton , Cumberland , McCreary , Russell , Taylor , and Wayne counties in south central Kentucky .
Born to a traditional Shiite Muslim family in 1936 , Layla Balabakki grew up in Beirut .
Georgia Taylor ( born Claire Jackson ; 26 February 1980 ) is an English actress , best known for her roles as Toyah Battersby in the ITV soap opera Coronation Street from 1997 to 2003 , as Ruth Winters in the BBC show Casualty from 2007 to 2011 and as Kate Barker in Law & Order :
Gulet Mohamed ( born 1991 ) is a naturalized United States citizen who was detained in Kuwait and placed on the no - fly list maintained by the Terrorist Screening Center .
Dr Ranjay Vardhan ( 3 May 1969 ) is an Indian Sociologist who is serving as Senior Assistant Professor in Sociology at the Post Graduate Government College for Girls , Sector 42 , Chandigarh .
Marija Lugarić ( born 1 June 1978 in Zagreb ) is a Croatian centre - left politician representing the Social Democratic Party of Croatia ( SDP ) , currently the biggest opposition party in Croatia .
Abi Curtis ( born 1979 ) is a poet , writer , and lecturer at York St John University .
Lady Arbella Stuart ( or `` Arabella '' and/or `` Stewart '' ) ( 1575 -- 25 September 1615 ) was a noblewoman who was for some time considered a possible successor to Queen Elizabeth I of England .
Nikolaos Chountis ( Greek : Νικόλαος Χουντής ; born 17 September 1953 in Langadia , Arcadia ) is a Greek politician and currently a Member of the European Parliament , representing Popular Unity .
Victoria Curzon - Price ( born 1942 ) was Professor of Economics at the University of Geneva and also at the European Institute ( also of the University of Geneva ) .
Vit Klemes ( 30 April 1932 -- 8 March 2010 ) was a Canadian hydrologist of Czech origin .
Maria Lassnig ( 8 September 1919 -- 6 May 2014 ) was an Austrian artist known for her painted self - portraits and her theory of `` body awareness '' .
Jancita Eagle Deer ( 1952 -- April 4 , 1975 ) was a Brulé Lakota who lived on the Rosebud Indian Reservation in South Dakota .
Frej Gustav Rydergård ( born 9 July 1984 in Falun ) is a Swedish handballer who plays for CS Dinamo Bucureşti in the Romanian Liga Naţională .
Liam Bertazzo ( born 17 February 1992 ) is an Italian racing cyclist currently riding for Southeast Pro Cycling team .
Graeme Jacobs ( born 6 March 1944 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and South Melbourne in the VFL during the 1960s .
Eamon O'Neill ( born 15 September 1944 ) is a nationalist politician in Northern Ireland , and a former Member of the Northern Ireland Assembly .
Hasan Basri Güzeloğlu ( born 22 September 1964 ) is a Turkish politician and the incumbent Governor of Kocaeli .
Jon Kirkham ( born 16 November 1984 in Derby , Derbyshire ) , is a British motorcycle racer best known for his performances in the National Superstock 1000 championship , Krikham was runner up in 2009 before winning that championship in 2010 .
Nathan Lamey ( born 14 October 1980 ) is an English footballer who played in The Football League for Cambridge United .
Hans - Joachim Schäfers ( born 28 August 1957 in Lünen ) is a German surgeon , as well as cardiac , thoracic , and vascular surgeon and university professor .
Catharine Dixon ( born 1927 ) is a Canadian journalist and author of non - fiction books .
Hamid Olimjon ( sometimes spelled Hamid Alimjan in English ) ( Uzbek : Ҳамид Олимжон ; Hamid Olimjon ; Russian : Хамид Алимджан ; Khamid Alimdzhan ) ( 12 December 1909 -- 3 July 1944 ) was an Uzbek poet , playwright , scholar , and literary translator of the Soviet period .
Pierre Pibarot ( 23 July 1916 -- 1981 ) was a French football player and football manager .
LeRoy Clifford Deede ( born 5 February 1916 in Woodworth , North Dakota ) was a United States Naval Reserve officer .
May Emory ( 1885- ? ) was an American actress .
Zhang Shuguang ( Chinese : 张曙光 ; 1920 -- 20 November 2002 ) , born Han Zhihong ( 韩志洪 ) , also known as Han Jianxun ( 韩建勋 ) , was a politician of the People 's Republic of China .
Delia Green ( 1886 - -December 25 , 1900 ) was a 14-year - old African - American murder victim who has been identified as the likely inspiration for several well - known traditional American songs , usually known by the titles `` Delia '' and `` Delia 's Gone . ''
Fanny Clamagirand ( born 1984 ) is a French classical violinist .
Per Egil Ahlsen ( born 4 March 1958 ) is a former Norwegian football player .
Nicholas Wachira ( born 19 November 1982 ) is a retired Kenyan middles - distance runner who competed mostly in the 800 metres .
Pernille Rosenkrantz - Theil ( born 17 January 1977 in Skælskør ) is a member of Folketinget ( Danish parliament ) for the Social Democrats since 2011 .
Kristin Asbjørnsen ( born 12 May 1971 ) is a Norwegian jazz singer and composer whose focus is on improvised music .
Firyal Al - Adhamy ( born 1950 in Baghdad , Iraq ) is a Bahrain - based British Iraqi artist .
Nie Gannu ( Chinese : 聂绀弩 ; 1903 - -1986 ) was a modern Chinese essayist .
Kyle Trout ( born 1 March 1991 ) is a professional rugby league footballer , playing at club level for Stanley Rangers ARLFC , Wakefield , Hunslet Hawks and now Dewsbury Rams as a Prop , or Loose forward .
Tor Heiestad ( born 13 January 1962 ) is a Norwegian shooter .
Dr. Leo Wollman ( 1914 - -1998 ) , was a New York doctor who assisted transsexuals with their transitions .
Barbara Oakley ( born Barbara Ann Grim , 1955 ) is a Professor of Engineering at Oakland University .
Patrick Thomas Daly ( 1870 -- 20 November 1943 ) , known as P. T. Daly was an Irish trade unionist and politician .
Lajos Jekelfalussy ( 1 October 1848 -- 1911 ) was a Hungarian military officer and politician , who served as Minister of Defence between 1906 and 1910 .
Sherwood Picking ( 21 February 1890 - 1 September 1941 ) was a U.S. Navy officer who became a notable submarine commander during World War I. A native of Baltimore , Maryland , Picking graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy in 1911 .
Alvin Simon ( 1928-Feb 23 , 2010 in Mount Washington , California ) was an American restaurateur who played a leading role in the development and revitalization of Pasadena , California in the 1980s .
Gary Southwell ( born 14 February 1962 ) is a British musician - guitarist and luthier specializing in guitars of Modern Classical and Romantic eras , resident in Hough - on - the - Hill , Lincolnshire .
Humberto Fierro ( 1890 -- August 23 , 1929 ) was an Ecuadorian poet who was part of a group known as the `` Generación decapitada '' ( Decapitated Generation ) .
Ingrid Mwangi ( born 1975 ) is a Kenyan - German artist .
William Dubh MacLeod ( Scottish Gaelic : Uilleam Dubh MacLeòid ) ( c. 1415 - -1480 ) is considered to be the seventh chief of Clan MacLeod .
Alexis Granowsky ( 1890 - -1937 ) was a Russian theatre director who later became a film director .
Sean Burch ( born 18 June 1971 ) is an American adventure athlete and motivational speaker .
Branislav Trifunović ( Cyrillic : Бранислав Трифуновић ; born 16 January 1978 ) , also known as Bane Trifunović ( Cyrillic : Бане Трифуновић ) , is a Serbian actor and film producer .
Dominic of Prussia ( German : Dominikus von Preußen ; Latin : Dominicus Prutenus ) ( 1382 - -1461 ) was a Carthusian monk .
John VII Palaiologos or Palaeologus ( Greek : Ιωάννης Ζ ' Παλαιολόγος , Iōannēs Z ' Palaiologos ; 1370 -- 22 September 1408 ) was Byzantine Emperor for five months in 1390 .
John Nickles ( born 1964 , Washington DC ) is an elite American Triathlete and endurance athlete .
Anastas Kullurioti or Anastasios Koulouriotis ( Greek : Αναστάσιος Κουλουριώτης ; 1822 - -1887 ) was an Arvanite and Albanian nationalist figure , publisher and writer in Greece .
Alberto Michán Halbinger ( born 2 December 1978 ) is a Mexican horse rider .
Macy Nulman ( 1923 -- November 29 , 2011 ) was an American Orthodox cantor and a scholar of Jewish music and Jewish liturgy .
Arne Olsson ( born 1930 ) is the Bishop Ordinary of the Mission Province .
Ndidi Nnoli - Edozien Ph . D ( Born July 31 , 1972 ) is a Nigerian social entrepreneur and corporate sustainability and responsibility ( CSR ) expert and Bottom of the Pyramid empowerment advocate .
Paul Carney ( 1943 -- 24 September 2015 ) was a judge of the Irish High Court and the presiding judge of its criminal division , the Central Criminal Court .
Gerald Burns ( 1940 in Detroit , Michigan -- 1997 ) was an American poet , and artist .
Horace Fletcher ( 1849 - -1919 ) was an American health food enthusiast of the Victorian era who earned the nickname `` The Great Masticator '' , by arguing that food should be chewed about 100 times per minute before being swallowed : `` Nature will castigate those who do n't masticate '' .
Tomislav Marić ( born 28 January 1973 ) is a German - born Croatian former football striker .
Stefan Hodgetts ( born 17 June 1982 in Bromsgrove ) is a British auto racing driver , best known for driving a part season in the British Touring Car Championship .
Andrea Dovizioso ( born 23 March 1986 ) is a professional motorcycle road racer who currently competes in the MotoGP world championship , for the factory Ducati Team .
María Emilia Salerni ( born 14 May 1983 ) , known as Pitu Salerni , is a former Argentine professional tennis player .
Jakob Heusser - Staub ( 3 March 1862 -- 23 August 1941 as Jakob Heusser ) was a Swiss industrialist and philanthropist .
Samm Bennett ( b. Birmingham , Alabama , 1957 ) , is an American singer - songwriter and multi - instrumentalist .
Patrick Beckert ( born 17 April 1990 ) is a German Olympic speed skater .
Klaudio Çema ( born 22 April 1995 in Tiranë ) is an Albanian professional footballer who currently plays as a centre - back for Kukësi in the Albanian Superliga .
Even Thorsen ( 26 August 1778 -- 24 March 1867 ) was a Norwegian sailor , farmer , and representative at the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll .
Daniel Constantin Florea ( born 17 April 1988 , Constanţa ) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays for Astra Giurgiu .
Eric Hardmeyer ( born 1959 ) is the current president and CEO of the Bank of North Dakota .
Julia Agricola ( born AD 64 ) was the daughter of Roman general Gnaeus Julius Agricola and Domitia Decidiana , a lady of illustrious birth .
Walter Sully ( 1895 - -1970 ) was an Australian cinematographer who worked for Cinesound Productions , Frank Hurley and Movietone .
Brian McGinlay ( born 24 August 1945 ) is a retired football referee from Scotland , who officiated in 98 European club competition and international matches .
Vladislav Shoot ( Russian : Владислав Алексеевич Шуть , Vladislav Alekseyevich Shut ' ; also spelled Chout , Schut , Sciut , Shut or Szut ; born 3 March 1941 ) is a Ukrainian / Russian - British composer of contemporary classical music .
Adam Watene ( 7 October 1977 -- 13 October 2008 ) was a Maori Cook Islands rugby league player .
David McMullan ( born 1901 in Belfast ) was an Irish footballer who played as a defender for Liverpool in The Football League .
József Csikány ( born 26 April 1943 ) is a retired Hungarian backststroke swimmer who won two bronze medals at the European championships of 1962 and 1966 .
John Aden Gillett ( born 8 November 1958 ) is a British actor best known for playing the role of Jack Maddox on the popular BBC series The House of Eliott .
Igor Radojčić ( born 12 October 1968 ) is a former Serbian FIFA Assistant Referee .
Henry Van Ingen ( 12 November 1833 , The Hague - 17 November 1898 , Poughkeepsie , New York ) was a Dutch painter who for many years taught art at Vassar College in the United States .
Ahdaf Soueif ( born 23 March 1950 ) is an Egyptian novelist and political and cultural commentator .
Francis Eardley ( 1885 - -1954 ) was a footballer who played for Port Vale and Stoke .
Andrés Muschietti , also known as Andy Muschietti ( 1973 ) , is an Argentine film director and screenwriter , known for directing the 2013 horror film Mama , based on his short of the same name .
Colonel Leslie Corry ( 15 October 1712 -- 20 February 1741 ) was an Irish politician .
Victoria Angelova was born on 20 November 1902 in Veliko Tarnovo , Bulgaria to Vasil Angelov , a merchant who had been educated in England .
Danny Grissett ( born 1975 ) is an American jazz pianist , keyboardist , and composer .
Rev James Grahame ( 22 April 1765 -- 14 September 1811 ) was a Scottish poet .
Eibhlín Ní Chonghaile , Irish television presenter , born 1984 .
Paul Magdalino FBA ( born 10 May 1948 ) is Bishop Wardlaw Professor of Byzantine History in the University of St Andrews , Professor of Byzantine History at Koç University , Istanbul ; and a Fellow of the British Academy .
Sir Samuel Osborne - Gibbes , Second Baronet ( 27 August 1803 -- 12 November 1874 ) was a British Army officer , Freemason , plantation owner and politician .
Ross Thornton ( born 23 October 1956 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the VFL during the 1980s .
Marian Michelle Oblea ( born April 14 , 1987 ) was crowned Miss Philippines Earth Water 2008 on May 11 , 2008 at Crowne Plaza Galleria .
César Camargo Mariano ( born 19 September 1943 ) is a Brazilian pianist , arranger , composer and music producer .
Jarrad Schofield ( born 30 January 1975 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the West Coast Eagles , Port Adelaide and Fremantle in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) and Subiaco in the West Australian Football League ( WAFL ) .
Uladzimir Makowski ( Belarusian : Уладзімір Макоўскі ; Russian : Владимир Михайлович Маковский ; born 23 April 1977 in Molodechno ) is a retired Belarusian professional footballer and currently a coach .
Elsie Sigel ( 1889 - -1909 ) was a granddaughter of General Franz Sigel , and the victim of a notorious murder at the age of 19 in New York City in 1909 .
Walter Parfrey ( 1882 - 1918 ) was an Irish hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Cork senior team .
J. Heinrich Matthaei ( born 4 May 1929 ) is a German biochemist .
Joe Dunthorne ( born 1982 ) is a Welsh novelist , poet and journalist , who first made his name with his novel , Submarine ( 2008 ) , which was made into the film , Submarine , in 2010 .
Saša Antunović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Саша Антуновић , born 4 November 1974 in Pristina ) is a retired Serb football striker .
Joseph Owen Zurhellen ( b. 1920-d . 1990 ) was a US diplomat .
Gao Xiqing ( simplified Chinese : 高西庆 ; traditional Chinese : 高西慶 ; pinyin : Gāo Xīqìng ) ( born September 1953 ) is the former Vice Chairman , President and Chief Investment Officer of the China Investment Corporation , one of China 's sovereign wealth fund .
Sara Ahmed ( 30 August 1969 ) , is a British - Australian academic working at the intersection of feminist theory , queer theory , critical race theory and postcolonialism .
Gabriel Rivano is an Argentine bandoneonist , guitarist , flutist and composer , born in Buenos Aires in 1958 .
Seda Domaniç ( born 1975 ) is the Editor - in - Chief of Vogue Turkey .
Terry Hodgkinson ( Born 30 March 1949 ) is the former Chairman of Yorkshire Forward the Regional Development Agency for Yorkshire and the Humber .
Irene James ( born 1952 ) is a Welsh Labour politician who represented the constituency of Islwyn in the National Assembly for Wales from 2003 to 2011 .
Joseph Hueber , ( 1715 or 1717 -- 1787 ) , was a significant Austrian baroque master builder who studied under Johann Lukas von Hildebrandt .
Marco Coledan ( born 22 August 1988 ) is an Italian road and track racing cyclist riding for Trek Factory Racing .
Jack Savoretti ( born 10 October 1983 ) is an Italian - English solo acoustic singer .
Fabrizio Faglioli ( born c. 1925 ( age 89 - -90 ) ) is an Italian professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s playing at representative level for Italy , and at club level for Torino XIII , as a Loose forward / Lock , i.e. number 13 , during the era of contested scrums .
Jenny Sages is an Archibald Prize peoples choice award winning Australian artist born 1933 in Shanghai , China .
Angel Otero ( born 1981 in San Juan , Puerto Rico ) is a contemporary visual artist specializing in painting .
Giovanni Luca Conforti ( 1560 -- May 11 , 1608 ) was an Italian composer and prominent falsetto singer who wrote an exercise book about Baroque embellishments , Breve et facile maniera d'essercitarsi ad ogni scolaro or Brief and easy manner of exercising for every student , still in use today .
Eros Bagnara ( born 27 April 1985 ) is a former Italian professional footballer who plays for Italian Prima Categoria club Edo Mestre RSM .
Hun Manith ( Khmer : ហ៊ុន ម៉ាណិត ; born 17 October 1981 ) is a brigadier general in the Royal Cambodian Armed Forces ( RCAF ) and the fourth child of Prime Minister Hun Sen. His older brother , Hun Manet , is a lieutenant general in the RCAF .
James Doolin ( 1932 - -2002 ) was an American painter and muralist best known for his saturated natural and urban southern California landscapes .
Eva von Trott ( 1505 - 1567 ) , was the royal mistress of Henry V , Duke of Brunswick - Lüneburg , from 1522 until 1567 .
Yuri Matochkin , also spelled Yury Matochkin , ( born 18 October 1931 -- 6 July 2006 ) was a Russian politician .
William Ashley Magarey ( 30 January 1868 -- 18 October 1929 ) was a lawyer , sportsman and sports administrator .
Rocky Marshall ( born 1967 ) is an English television and film actor , living near Battersea Park .
Thomas Stock ( 1750 - -1803 ) established the first Sunday school in the United Kingdom .
Sadiduddin Muhammad Aufi ( 1171 - 124سدید الدین محمد عوفی ) ( 2 ) was a Persian historian , scientist , and author .
Julia Sawalha ( born 9 September 1968 ) is an English actress known mainly for her role as Saffron Monsoon in Absolutely Fabulous .
Jesús Mena Campos ( born 28 May 1968 in Gómez Palacio , Durango ) is a retired Mexican diver .
George Ritchie Kinloch ( 1796 - 19 April 1877 ) was a Scottish lawyer , philanthropist and antiquarian best known today for publishing a collection of ballads .
Loftur Þorsteinsson ( 1702 - ? ) , was an Icelandic Galdrmaster .
Bashkim Sukaj ( Serbo - Croat : Башким Сукај , Baškim Sukaj ) ( born 20 March 1992 ) is a Swiss professional footballer of Kosovan - Albanian origin who is currently playing for Lausanne - Sport .
Tshegofatso Seakgoe ( born 8 March 1990 ) is a South African model and entertainer .
Jayne Sharp ( born 20 July 1977 ) is an English broadcaster who is a former host of Bingo Night Live on ITV .
K. V. Krishna Iyer ( 1894 - 1982 ) was a professor of history at Zamorin 's Guruvayurappan College , Kozhikode .
Cosmas of Prague ( Czech : Kosmas Pražský ; c. 1045 -- October 21 , 1125 ) was a priest , writer and historian born in a noble family in Bohemia .
Neha Sharma ( pronounced ( nɛːɦaː ʃrmaː ) ( Hindi : नेहा शर्मा ) ( Bengali : নেহা শর্মা ) ; born 21 November 1987 ) is an Indian film actress and model .
Sascha Schmitz ( born 5 January 1972 ) , better known under his stage name Sasha or Sasha Alexander and his alter ego Dick Brave , is a German singer - songwriter , musician and occasional actor .
Willo McDonagh ( born 14 March 1983 ) is an Irish footballer who plays for Shelbourne .
Eulalia Guzmán Barrón was born 12 February 1890 in San Pedro Piedra Gorda , in the Cuauhtémoc Municipality , Zacatecas , Mexico .
Zakar Zakarian ( Armenian : Զաքար Զաքարյան ; 1849 - 7 August 1923 ) was a famed French painter of Armenian descent .
Mustafa Osmanovich Belyalov ( Russian : Мустафа Османович Белялов ) ( born 4 June 1957 ) also known as Mustafa Belyalov or Moustava Belialov is an Uzbekistan retired football player , who played as a defender .
Dana Berger ( Hebrew : דנה ברגר‎ ; born 2 November 1970 ) is an Israeli singer - songwriter and occasional actress .
Li Zewen ( simplified Chinese : 黎则文 ; traditional Chinese : 黎則文 ; pinyin : Lí Zéwén ; born 5 December 1973 in Qujing , Yunnan ) is a retired Chinese race walker .
Lalita Lajmi ( born 1932 in Kolkata ) is a highly acclaimed Indian painter .
John Kelso Hunter ( 15 December 1802 -- 3 February 1873 ) was a self - taught Scottish portrait painter and author of two books .
Maria Helena Vieira da Silva ( 13 June 1908 -- 6 March 1992 ) was a Portuguese - French abstractionist painter .
Göran Hydén ( Born 1938 ) is a noted Africanist and Distinguished Professor of Political Science at the University of Florida .
Victor Pinchuk ( Ukrainian : Віктор Михáйлович Пінчýк , Viktor Mykhailovych Pinchuk ; born 14 December 1960 ) is a Ukrainian businessman and philanthropist .
Malcolm Geoffrey Hilson OBE ( born 28 September 1942 ) was High Commissioner of Vanuatu ( 1997 - -2000 ) .
Jean - Paul Gut , born on 1 July 1961 , was executive director of marketing , strategy and international development at EADS .
Nafis Fathima ( born 6 April 1963 ) is a Syndicate Member of the Bangalore University and also the Secretary of Karnataka Pradesh Congress Committee .
Joshua `` Josh '' McKenzie ( born 10 July 1984 ) , known by his stage name MckNasty , is an English DJ and drummer from London .
Natalya Panteleyeva ( Russian : Наталья Пантелеева ; born 10 September 1983 ) is a Russian middle distance runner who specializes in the 800 and 1500 metres .
Ma Liuming 马六明 ( born 1969 in Huangshi , Hubei province ) is a contemporary Chinese painter active in performance art . He is known most of all for his exploration of the power and poetry of public nudity in China , where such behavior was strictly forbidden .
Gordon Norrie ( 6 May 1855 - 11 October 1941 ) was a Danish surgeon and ophthalmologist of Scottish parentage who was born in Helsingør ( Elsinore ) .
Antonio Ridolfi ( Mezzana , 1824 - Siena , 1900 ) was an Italian painter , depicting sacred and historical subjects , as well as costume genre pieces .
Sheridan Jobbins ( born 21 July 1959 ) is an Australian journalist , television presenter and screenwriter .
Santoshi Matsa ( born 10 March 1994 ) is an Indian weightlifter who won the silver medal in the women 's 53 kg weight class at the 2014 Commonwealth Games at Glasgow .
Jorge Ramón Cáceres ( born 7 January 1948 ) is a former football forward .
Gareth Denman ( born 12 November 1990 ) is an English rugby union player who currently plays for Aviva Premiership side Northampton Saints .
Whabi Mohammad ( born 1983 ) was reported to be the `` fifth bomber '' wanted in connection with the 21 July 2005 London bombings , and to have been arrested on or before 28 July 2005 .
Ivan Rodić ( born 11 November 1985 ) , is a Croatian football striker for Metalist Kharkiv in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Ogtay Shiraliyev Kazim oglu ( Azerbaijani : Oqtay Şirəliyev Kazım oğlu ; born in 1950 ) is a professor , PhD and Azerbaijani politician serving as the Minister of Healthcare of Azerbaijan Republic .
Ferdinand Daučík ( also known as Fernando Daucik ; 30 May 1910 -- 14 November 1986 ) is a former Slovak football player and manager .
Joan Mary Last ( 12 January 1908 -- 9 October 2002 ) was an English music educator , author and composer born in Littlehampton , Sussex .
Tautau Moga ( born 6 December 1993 ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the North Queensland Cowboys in the National Rugby League .
Marino Basso ( born 1 June 1945 ) is an Italian former professional road racing cyclist , who won the World Cycling Championship in 1972 .
Everett Chamberlin Benton ( September 25 , 1862 - ? ) was a delegate to Republican National Convention from Massachusetts in 1904 , and the Republican candidate for Massachusetts governor in 1912 .
Richard Sexton ( born 1954 in Atlanta , Georgia ) is an author , fine art and media photographer , teacher , and critic of the urban built environment based in New Orleans , Louisiana .
Hannah White ( born Hannah Elizabeth Gwillim White on 30 March 1983 in Berkshire , England ) is a Broadcaster , Sailor and Adventurer .
Nadia Hasnaoui ( Arabic نادية حسناوي ) ( born 10 June 1963 ) is a Norwegian television presenter .
Katrien Verstuyft ( born 21 July 1982 in Antwerp ) , is a Belgian professional triathlete , National Champion ( Sprint , Olympic Distance , and Team ) of the year 2009 , and member of the National Team .
Dieter Mirnegg ( born 24 May 1954 ) is an Austrian retired footballer and coach .
Holger Glinicki ( born 25 October 1952 ) is a German wheelchair basketball coach , who coached Hamburger SV .
Stephen Marks ( born 23 May 1946 ) is a British fashion retailer and founder , chairman and chief executive of the French Connection brand .
Shwikar ( Arabic : شويكار‎ ) ( born 24 November 1938 ) is a famous Egyptian actress .
Jonas Bonnier ( born 1963 ) was President of the Bonnier Group from 1 January 2008 until May 2013 .
Jack Behrens ( born 25 March 1935 ) is a Canadian composer , music educator , and writer of American birth .
Peter Castle ( born 12 March 1987 ) is a footballer who plays as a centre - back for Sholing in the Southern League Division One South & West .
Sappho Leontias ( 1832 - -1900 ) was a Greek writer , feminist , and educationist from Constantinople .
Steven Haberman ( born 26 June 1951 ) is Director and Deputy Dean in Cass Business School , Professor of Actuarial Science in its Faculty of Actuarial Science and Insurance and is Founding Editor of the Journal of Pension , Economics and Finance .
Samuel Souprayen ( born 18 February 1989 ) is a French football player of Réunionais heritage who plays for Italian club Hellas Verona .
James Meena ( born 1951 ) is an American conductor and opera administrator .
Ksenija Bulatović , ( Serbian : Ксенија Булатовић ; born 5 May 1967 ) is a Serbian architect .
Valter Dešpalj ( born 1947 ) is cellist and a professor at the Zagreb Academy of Music .
Günter Pichler ( born 9 September 1940 ) is an Austrian violinist , teacher and conductor .
Osita Henry Chikere ( born 3 February 1991 ) is a Nigerian footballer who plays as a striker and plays for Sogndal .
Angel Manolov ( Bulgarian : Ангел Манолов , born 30 December 1981 in Karnalovo , Blagoevgrad ) is a Bulgarian footballer .
Jennifer Dalton is a contemporary artist born in 1967 .
David Denby ( born 1943 ) is an American journalist , best known as a film critic for The New Yorker magazine .
Miodrag Radulović ( Cyrillic : Миодраг Радуловић , born 23 October 1967 ) is a Montenegrin football manager , currently managing the Lebanese national team .
Del James was born Adalberto James Miranda in New Rochelle , New York , on February 5 , 1964 , and raised in Mamaroneck , New York .
Charlie Walker - Blair ( born 20 April 1988 ) is an English rugby union footballer who plays as a flanker .
Henry Brush ( June 1778 -- January 19 , 1855 ) was a lawyer , soldier , legislator and farmer .
Caitlin Kittredge ( born September 1984 ) is an American author of dark fantasy and urban fantasy noir .
Niamh Cusack ( /ˈniːv/ NEEV ; born 20 October 1959 in Dublin , Ireland ) is an Irish actress .
Zhang Xiaolan ( Chinese : 张晓兰 ; born November 1965 ) is a Chinese politician serving since 2012 as the Secretary of Discipline Inspection of Gansu Province in western China , and a member of the provincial Party Standing Committee .
Guy Yamamoto ( born 1961 ) is an American amateur golfer from Hawaii .
William Marshall ( or William Leonard Marshall ) ( born 1944 , Australia ) is an Australian author , best known for his Hong Kong - based `` Yellowthread Street '' mystery novels , some of which were used as the basis for a British TV series .
Gabrielle Harbowy ( born 1972 ) is an American editor , anthologist , and writer .
Eyal Yanilov ( born 30 May 1959 ) is an Israeli Krav Maga instructor and currently Chief Instructor of Krav Maga Global .
Walter Gadsby ( 1872 -- after 1897 ) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Small Heath .
Henry Colyear Dawkins MBE ( 1921 -- 4 May 1992 ) was a British forester , botanist , ecologist and statistician , a Fellow of St John 's College , Oxford .
Iulian Vesper ( pen name of Teodor C. Grosu ; November 22 , 1908 - -February 11 , 1986 ) was an Austro - Hungarian - born Romanian poet and prose writer .
Mike S. Zafirovski ( born c. 1954 ) is a Macedonian American business executive .
Prajakta Shukre ( born 29 November 1987 ) is an Indian singer who works in Bollywood films and has appeared on reality shows .
Thiago David Olson ( born 1989 ) is an electrical engineer and entrepreneur .
Bi Jingquan ( Chinese : 毕井泉 ; born 1955 ) is the current director of the China Food and Drug Administration .
Lena Nymark ( born 6 November 1980 in Ålesund , Norway ) is a Norwegian jazz singer and music teacher raised on the island Sula , south of Ålesund .
John Daniel Heal ( 1825 - -1908 ) was an alderman and mayor of Brisbane , Australia .
Harald Ganzinger ( 31 October 1950 , Werneck -- 3 June 2004 , Saarbrücken ) was a German computer scientist who together with Leo Bachmair developed the superposition calculus , which is ( as of 2007 ) used in most of the state - of - the - art automated theorem provers for first - order logic .
Niyameddin Musayev ( Azerbaijani : Niyaməddin Musayev ) , born 1940 in Imishli , is an Azerbaijani pop singer .
Kong Bai Ji is a contemporary Chinese artist born in Shanghai , in the People 's Republic of China , in 1932 .
Joe Dingwall ( born 2 October 1988 ) was a professional footballer who played for Scottish Football League club East Stirlingshire , as a Left Back .
Antonio Fuoco ( born 20 May 1996 ) is a professional Italian racing driver and member of the Ferrari Driver Academy .
Aleksandar Bečanović ( born 1971 in Nikšić , Montenegro ) is a Montenegrin poet , translator and a critic of literature and film .
Laurent Sagart ( born 1951 ) is a senior researcher at the Centre de recherches linguistiques sur l'Asie orientale ( CRLAO - UMR 8563 ) unit of the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique ( CNRS ) .
Natasha Mozgovaya ( Hebrew : נטשה מוזגוביה‎ , Russian : Наташа Мозговая ; born 1979 ) is an American - Israeli journalist .
Jon Woronoff ( Arthur Jon Woronoff , born 1938 ) is an American author and editor and previously an interpreter and translator .
Dr. Joseph Kariyil B.A. , S.T.D is an Indian Bishop of the Roman Catholic Church , born on 11 January 1949 in Arthunkal , near Alleppey .
Geir Hasund ( born 3 July 1971 ) is a former Norwegian football player that played as an offensive midfielder or forward at Hødd , Viking and Brann .
Hindol Sengupta ( born 1979 ) is an Indian journalist , writer and entrepreneur .
Elizabeth Peke Davis or sometimes Betty Davis ( 1803 - -1860 ) was a Hawaiian high chiefess , being the hapa haole daughter of Isaac Davis , the Welsh advisor of Kamehameha I , who helped him unify the island in 1810 .
Francis Stoughton Sullivan ( 1715 - -1766 ) was an Irish lawyer , and Professor of Oratory and law professor at the University of Dublin .
Stephanie S. Tolan ( born 1942 in Ohio ) is an American author of children 's books .
Adam Clayton Powell III ( born 1946 ) is an American journalist , media executive , and scholar who currently serves as Director of Washington Policy Initiatives for the University of Southern California and University Fellow at the USC Center on Public Diplomacy .
Maksymilian Węgrzynek ( 1892 - November 8 , 1944 ) was a Polish - American publisher ( Nowy Świat ) , social activist as well as one of the founders of the Józef Piłsudski Institute of America and the Polish American Congress .
Saint Maurus , O.S.B. ( or Maur ) , was the first disciple of St. Benedict of Nursia ( 512 - 584 ) .
Mzi Mahola was born on 12 February 1949 as Mzikayise Winston Mahola .
Alwin H. Küchler ( also known as Alwin H. Kuchler ; born 1965 ) is a German cinematographer .
Josef Quinteros ( born 1976 ) more commonly known as Bansi Quinteros is a trance keyboardist
George Reginald Balleine ( 1873 -- 1966 ) was a well - known historian and writer in the Island of Jersey .
Ranya Rao ( born c. 1993 ) is an Indian actress and model who appears in South Indian films .
Elvir Mekić ( Macedonian : Елвир Мекиќ ) ( born 15 October 1981 ) is a Macedonian musician .
Adi Litia Samanunu Cakobau - Talakuli ( 1940 - 2012 ) was a Fijian chief , politician , and diplomat .
Jeremiah Tolhurst ( 1615 - 1671 ) was an English tailor , soldier , businessman and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1654 and 1660 .
Christina Dodwell FRGS ( born 1 February 1951 ) is a British explorer , travel writer , and lecturer .
Allen Neuringer ( born approximately 1940 - ) is an American psychologist .
Sir George Brookman KBE ( 15 April 1840 -- 20 June 1927 ) was a South Australian businessman who made a fortune from a gold discovery in Western Australia , and is remembered as a generous benefactor of the South Australian School of Mines and Industries and the University of Adelaide .
Adolfo J. de Bold , OC , FRSC ( born 14 February 1942 ) is an Argentinian--
Joshua Chelanga ( born 7 April 1973 in Baringo District ) is a Kenyan long - distance runner , who won the 2007 edition of the Rotterdam Marathon on April 15 , clocking 2:08:21 .
Abdurahiman Randathani was born on 15 March 1961 at Cherussola near Randathani in Malappuram district , as the son of Vakkel Mohammed Haji and Palamadathil Biriyumma Hajjumma .
Rob Curling ( born 8 September 1957 , in Kuala Lumpur , Malaya ) is a British television presenter and journalist .
Rini Simon Khanna ( born 1964 ) is a noted Indian television news anchor , who worked with state - run Doordarshan ( 1985 -- 2001 ) , which made her a `` household name '' , and later started a career as voiceover professional and anchor person for various events .
Aleksandar Džikić ( Serbian : Александар Џикић ; born 23 March 1971 ) is Serbian professional basketball coach .
Diane Zaino Chase ( born 1953 ) is an American anthropologist and archaeologist who specializes in the study of the Ancient Maya .
Dejan Aćimović ( born 20 May 1963 ) is a Bosnian Croat actor and director .
Louis Primeau or Primo ( fl . 1749 - 1800 ) was one of the first European fur traders on the Churchill River .
Geoffrey de Groen ( born December 1938 ) is an Australian artist known for his abstract works in oil and acrylics .
Antoine Wilson ( born 1971 ) is a Canadian - American novelist and short story writer .
Glynis Barber - Brandon ( born Glynis van der Riet ; 25 October 1955 ) is a South African - born British actress of Afrikaner descent .
Hermann Kusmanek von Burgneustädten ( 16 September 1860 -- 7 August 1934 ) was a Colonel - General of the Austrian Imperial Army .
Albert Roger Mooh Miller ( born 20 May 1952 ) , commonly known as Roger Milla , is a retired Cameroonian footballer who played as a striker .
Dino Sani ( Brazilian Portuguese : ( ˈdʒĩnu ˈsɐ̃ni ) ; Italian : ( ˈdino ˈsani ) ; born 23 May 1932 ) is a former Brazilian footballer and coach .
Geoff Norcott ( born 16 December 1976 ) is a British comedian who has been performing since 2001 .
Nick Gorman ( born 7 July 1965 ) is a television and film director based in the United Kingdom .
Lauritz Falk ( 15 November 1909 -- 1 February 1990 ) was a Swedish actor , film director , singer and painter .
Blessed Thomas Belson ( died 5 July 1589 ) was an English Roman Catholic layman .
Samuel van den Bergh ( Oss 6 April 1864 -- Nice 4 February 1941 ) was one of the main European margarine and soap manufacturers in the early 20th century .
Howard S. Hoffman ( 1925 - -2006 ) was an American experimental psychologist .
Jean - Blaise Kololo ( 1952 ? -- 28 April 1999 ) was a Congolese politician and diplomat who served in the government of Congo - Brazzaville as Minister of Foreign Affairs and Cooperation from 1991 to 1992 as part of the transitional government of Prime Minister André Milongo .
Unreal Tournament 2004 is a first - person shooter video game developed by Epic Games and Digital Extremes .
Sanctum 2 is a first - person shooter tower defense video game , developed by independent developer Coffee Stain Studios for Microsoft Windows , OS X , Linux , PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 .
Test Drive Unlimited 2 is an open world racing video game developed by Eden Games and published by Atari .
Who Dunit was an Exidy light gun arcade game released in 1988 .
Spiral Knights is a massively multiplayer online role - playing game created by Three Rings Design and published by Sega .
Shard of Spring is a role - playing video game developed by TX Digital Illusions and published by Strategic Simulations , Inc. for the Apple II , Commodore 64 and PC DOS computers in 1986 .
Evoland is a 2013 role - playing video game developed by Shiro Games , a French video game development company based in Bordeaux .
MotoHeroz is a platform - racing video game developed and self - published by RedLynx .
The game engine for Stunt Island was co - developed by The Assembly Line .
E - Motion ( also known as Sphericule ) is a strategy , action , and puzzle video game developed by The Assembly Line in the late 1980s .
WTA Tour Tennis is a tennis video game for the PlayStation 2 , GameCube , Xbox and Game Boy Advance published and the developed by Konami .
Video Pinball is a dedicated video game console released in 1978 as an Atari Inc. coin - op - to - standalone home console translation , by bringing the game Breakout to home players .
Subway Surfers is an `` endless running '' mobile game co - developed by Kiloo , a private company based in U.S.A and SYBO Games .
Rayman Origins is a platform video game developed by Ubisoft Montpellier and published by Ubisoft for PlayStation 3 , Wii , Xbox 360 , PlayStation Vita , Nintendo 3DS and Microsoft Windows .
Dark Sector , also stylized as darkSector , is a third - person shooter video game developed by Digital Extremes for the Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 and Microsoft Windows .
BloodNet is a cyberpunk role - playing video game / Adventure game published by MicroProse in 1993 .
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2004 is a 2003 golf video game published by EA Sports .
Avara is a 1996 computer shooter / action game made by Ambrosia Software for the Apple Macintosh .
JumpStart acquired Neopets from Viacom in April 2014 .
Warriors of Might and Magic is an action role - playing game developed and released by The 3DO Company for the PlayStation , PlayStation 2 and Game Boy Color in 2000 .
Need for Speed II was developed by EA Canada .
Day of the Viper is a first - person adventure video game published by Accolade in 1989 .
Pursuit Force is an action game developed by Bigbig Studios and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation Portable in 2005 .
Windows 10 is a personal computer operating system released by Microsoft as part of the Windows NT family of operating systems .
Shadow Squadron is a video game published in 1995 for the Sega 32X , known in Japan and Europe as Stellar Assault .
The Journeyman Project is a time travel adventure computer game developed by Presto Studios .
Destroy All Humans ! 2 ( also known as Destroy All Humans ! 2 : Make War Not Love as seen in the title screen ) is an action - adventure game developed by Pandemic Studios and published by THQ .
Laser Blast is a single - player video game developed and published by Activision in March 1981 for the Atari 2600 video game system .
Pocket Paint is the Windows CE version of the raster graphics editor Microsoft Paint accessory commonly included with the Windows Operating System .
The Magic of Scheherazade , known as Arabian Dream Scheherazade ( アラビアンドリーム シェラザード Arabian Dorīmu Sherazādo ) in Japan , is an action role - playing video game for the Family Computer and Nintendo Entertainment System , released by Culture Brain in 1987 in Japan and 1989 in North America .
Tropico 4 is a construction and management simulation video game developed by Haemimont Games and published by Kalypso Media .
Darksiders II is an action role - playing hack and slash video game developed by Vigil Games and published by THQ ( now by Nordic Games ) .
Warlocked is a real - time strategy video game developed by Bits Studios and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy Color .
Rogue Ops is a stealth - based action - adventure video game developed by Bits Studios and published by Kemco for the Xbox , GameCube and PlayStation 2 in 2003 .
Cities XL ( originally Cities Unlimited ) is a city - building video game developed by Monte Cristo as a sequel to their earlier title City Life .
OpenNTPD is primarily developed by Henning Brauer as part of the OpenBSD project .
Joshua & the Battle of Jericho is a Christian video game developed and published by Wisdom Tree .
Paper Toss is a game developed originally for the operating system iOS ( iPad , iPhone , iPod Touch ) by Backflip Studios , which has since been ported to Android .
Zeno Clash II is a first - person action role - playing and beat 'em up video game developed by ACE Team as the follow - up to Zeno Clash .
On March 30 , 2009 , the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey ( PANYNJ ) confirmed that the building would be officially known by its legal name of `` One World Trade Center '' , rather than its colloquial name of `` Freedom Tower '' .
CryEngine is a game engine designed by the German game developer Crytek .
David Crane 's Amazing Tennis is a tennis simulation video game developed and published by Absolute Entertainment for the Super Nintendo and Mega Drive consoles in 1992 .
Brainfuck is an esoteric programming language created in 1993 by Urban Müller , and notable for its extreme minimalism .
Avid Free DV is a non - linear editing video editing software application which was made by Avid Technology .
Hollywood Hijinx is an interactive fiction computer game written by `` Hollywood '' Dave Anderson and Liz Cyr - Jones and published by Infocom in 1986 .
Virtua Racing or V.R. for short , is a Formula One racing arcade game , developed by Sega AM2 and released in 1992 .
Keystone Kapers is a video game published by Activision for the Atari 2600 in April 1983 , and later ported to the Atari 5200 , Atari 8-bit family , ColecoVision , and MSX in 1984 .
101-in-1 Sports Party Megamix is a video game developed by Nordcurrent and published by Atlus for the Wii .
Tour de France 2013 : 100 Edition is a video game developed by Cyanide , the creators of Pro Cycling Manager , and published by Focus Home Interactive .
Rampage Knights is a 2015 indie video game by Rake In Grass .
F1 Racing Simulation is a racing simulation game , developed for the PC by Ubisoft in 1997 .
Mega Man Battle Chip Challenge , known in Japan as Rockman EXE Battle Chip GP ( ロックマンエグゼ バトルチップGP ) , is a video game developed by Inti Creates and published by Capcom for the Game Boy Advance ( GBA ) handheld game console .
UFC Undisputed 2010 ( also known as UFC Undisputed 2 ) is a mixed martial arts video game featuring Ultimate Fighting Championship properties and fighters developed by Yuke 's and published by THQ .
Mr. Nutz is a side scrolling , 2D platformer video game published by Ocean Software .
When questioned about Sega AM2 's plans for Virtua Cop 2 in a February 1995 interview , AM2 manager Fumio Kurokawa stated `` We 're not sure if there will be ( a ) VC2 .
Angry Birds POP ! is a tile matching game co - developed by Rovio Entertainment and Outplay Entertainment that was soft launched for iOS in Canada on December 22 , 2014 and released worldwide for iOS and Android on March 12 , 2015 .
Far Cry 4 is an open world action - adventure first - person shooter video game developed by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft for the PlayStation 3 , PlayStation 4 , Xbox 360 , Xbox One , and Microsoft Windows .
Darkstalkers Resurrection , known as Vampire Resurrection ( ヴァンパイア リザレクション Vanpaia Rizarekushon ) in Japan , is a 2013 video game developed by Iron Galaxy Studios and published by Capcom .
The Cope reaction or Cope elimination , developed by Arthur C. Cope , is an elimination reaction of the N - oxide of a tertiary amine to form an alkene and a hydroxylamine .
Perfect Dark is a first - person shooter video game developed by Rare and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo 64 video game console .
AdventureQuest ( also referred to by its website name BattleOn or abbreviated to AQ ) is an online flash - based single - player role - playing video game started in 2002 and currently developed by Artix Entertainment .
Cosmic Wartoad was an action game developed by Denton Designs for the ZX Spectrum .
Ricochet Infinity is the fourth installment in the Ricochet video game series by Reflexive Entertainment .
Hero Academy is a two - player turn - based tactics video game created by the developer Robot Entertainment , known for their previous series Orcs Must Die!.
In computer programming , a Visual Basic Extension ( commonly abbreviated VBX ) or custom control , was the component model used in Microsoft Visual Basic versions 1.0 to 3.0 .
Grabbed by the Ghoulies is an action - adventure video game developed by Rare and published by Microsoft Studios for the Xbox .
OpenRefine , formerly called Google Refine , is a standalone open source desktop application for data cleanup and transformation to other formats , the activity known as data wrangling .
Valtric is a vertically scrolling shoot 'em up arcade game , released in 1986 by Jaleco .
Developed by VSoft Technologies , Automise offers a graphical user interface for automating repetitive tasks through the creation of Automise projects .
PixelJunk Racers is a puzzle , racing game developed by Q - Games for the PlayStation 3 .
Bejeweled Blitz is a puzzle video game , originally a Facebook application which is developed and published by PopCap Games .
Family Table Tennis ( Okiraku Ping Pong Wii in Japan ) is a table tennis video game developed by Arc System Works for the Wii and Nintendo 3DS .
Moto Racer 2 is a motocross racing game developed by Delphine Software International and published by Electronic Arts for the PlayStation and Microsoft Windows .
A preview version of Windows XP Media Center Edition from Microsoft 's eHome division , was shown at CES 2002 , with the final version released later that year .
Knight Force is a computer game developed by Titus Software for the Amstrad CPC , Atari ST , Commodore Amiga , IBM PC compatible and the ZX Spectrum .
Inbox by Gmail is an email app by Google for Android , iOS , as well as the browsers Chrome , Firefox , and Safari .
Age of Mythology ( AoM ) is a mythology - based real - time strategy video game developed by Ensemble Studios and published by Microsoft Game Studios .
Mega Man Network Transmission , known in Japan as Rockman EXE Transmission ( ロックマン エグゼ トランスミッション Rokkuman Eguze Toransumisshon ) , is a video game developed by Arika and published by Capcom and ShoPro Entertainment for the Nintendo GameCube console .
Top Spin 4 is a tennis video game developed by 2 K Czech and published by 2 K Sports released on the PlayStation 3 , Wii , and Xbox 360 consoles .
Escape from the Planet of the Robot Monsters is an arcade game developed by Atari Games in 1989 .
Halo 3 is a 2007 first - person shooter video game developed by Bungie for the Xbox 360 console .
The GNU Project announced on November 2012 the first release of GNU Guix , a functional package manager based on Nix that provides , among other things , Guile Scheme APIs .
Missile Command 3D is a 3D rendered version of the original Missile Command arcade game for the Atari Jaguar console .
Grand Theft Auto Online is a persistent , open world online multiplayer video game developed by Rockstar North and published by Rockstar Games .
The Alchemy ( microarchitecture ) is a low power microprocessor design developed by Alchemy Semiconductor implementing the MIPS32 instruction set by MIPS Technologies .
Sandvox is a WYSIWYG template - based website creation tool by Karelia Software , based on WebKit .
The Pentium III ( marketed as Intel Pentium III Processor , informally PIII , also stylized as Pentium ! ! ! ) brand refers to Intel 's 32-bit x86 desktop and mobile microprocessors based on the sixth - generation P6 microarchitecture introduced on February 26 , 1999 .
Wild Canaries is an American comedy film directed , produced and written by Lawrence Michael Levine .
Shivashankar ( Kannada : ಶಿವಶಂಕರ್ ) is a 1990 Indian Kannada film , directed by H. R. Bhargava and produced by Bhargava and Rajaram .
My Wife Makes Music ( German : Meine Frau macht Musik ) is an East German musical film directed by Hans Heinrich .
Once You Give Away Your Heart ( German : Wenn du einmal dein Herz verschenkst ) is a 1929 German film directed by Johannes Guter and starring Lilian Harvey , Igo Sym and Harry Halm .
IOWA is an independent neo - noir film directed , written and starring Matt Farnsworth .
No Lies is a 1973 short dramatic film made by Mitchell Block while he was a student at New York University .
When Husbands Flirt is a 1925 American film directed by William A. Wellman .
Carga de rurales is an 1896 Mexican short black - and - white silent documentary film directed by Gabriel Veyre .
Unfriended is a 2014 American found footage supernatural horror film directed by Russo - Georgian director Levan Gabriadze , written by Nelson Greaves , exec - produced by Jason Blum , co - produced by Adam Sidman , and produced by Timur Bekmambetov and Greaves .
The Las Vegas Hillbillys is a 1966 American country music comedy film directed by Arthur C. Pierce .
Sati Savitri is a 1978 Telugu film directed by B. A. Subba Rao under the banner of Lalitha Siva Jyothi Studios .
Of Thee I Sting is a 1946 Warner Bros. cartoon directed by Friz Freleng , written by Michael Maltese and narrated by Robert C. Bruce that is a parody of World War II documentaries and the title Of Thee I Sing .
Mathai Kuzhappakkaranalla is a 2014 Malayalam family film directed by Akku Akbar , produced by Anto Joseph .
The Nebraskan is a 1953 3-D Technicolor Western film directed by Fred F. Sears starring Phil Carey and Roberta Haynes .
Apasionata ( English : Passion ) is a 1983 Albanian romantic drama film directed by Kristaq Mitro and Ibrahim Muçaj .
Crónicas is a 2004 Ecuadorian thriller film , written and directed by Sebastián Cordero .
Since Otar Left ( original French title : Depuis qu'Otar est parti ... ) is a 2003 film by director Julie Bertuccelli , recounting the lives of three Georgian women in modern - day Tbilisi .
Murder in the Blue Room is a 1944 American film directed by Leslie Goodwins .
A Confucian Confusion ( Chinese : 獨立時代 ; pinyin : Dúlì Shídài ) is a 1994 Taiwanese comedy film directed by Edward Yang .
There Are So Many Things Still to Say ( Arabic : وهناك أشياء كثيرة كان يمكن أن يتحدث عنها المرء‎ ) is a Syrian documentary film by the director Omar Amiralay .
The Tale of Zatoichi ( Japanese : 座頭市物語 Zatōichi monogatari ) , directed by Kenji Misumi , is the first film of a classic Japanese samurai drama saga starring Shintaro Katsu as Zatoichi , a character created by Kan Shimozawa .
Apne Paraye ( English : Relatives and Others ) is a 1980 Indian Bollywood film directed by Basu Chatterjee and produced by Mushir Alam .
Love , Lies and Seeta is a 2012 Indian - American independent romantic comedy film written , produced , directed by Chandra Pemmaraju .
One Wild Ride is a 1925 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan .
The Curse of Man ( German : Der Fluch der Menschheit , 1 . Teil - Die Tochter der Arbeit ) is a 1920 German film directed by Richard Eichberg and featuring Béla Lugosi .
Union Maids is a 1976 American documentary film directed by Jim Klein , Julia Reichert and Miles Mogulescu .
A Bucket of Blood is a 1959 American black comedy horror film directed by Roger Corman .
Ontarjatra ( Bengali : অর্ন্তযাত্রা ; English : Homeland ) is a 2006 Bangladeshi drama film directed by Tareque Masud and Catherine Masud .
Last Embrace is a 1979 thriller film directed by Jonathan Demme .
Kali the Little Vampire ( Portuguese : Kali , o pequeno vampiro ) is a 2012 animated short film directed by Regina Pessoa .
Denk bloß nicht , ich heule ( English : Just Do n't Think I 'll Cry ) is a 1965 East German drama film directed by Frank Vogel of DEFA Studio .
A Shadow You Soon Will Be ( Spanish : Una sombra ya pronto serás ) is a 1994 Argentine drama film directed by Héctor Olivera .
Sarvam ( Tamil : சர்வம் ; English : Everything ) is a 2009 Indian Tamil romantic thriller written and directed by Vishnuvardhan .
Muddula Krishnaiah is a 1986 Telugu film produced by S. Gopal Reddy , Bhargav Art Productions , and directed by Kodi Ramakrishna .
Little Lili ( French : La petite Lili ) is a 2003 French film by French director Claude Miller .
Let Me Die a Woman is a 1978 semi - documentary film by exploitation film director Doris Wishman .
The Mystic is a 1925 American silent drama film directed by Tod Browning , who later directed MGM 's Freaks ( 1932 ) .
Cold Creek Manor is a 2003 American mystery thriller film directed by Mike Figgis .
Arctic Son was produced and directed by Andrew Walton , aired on PBS 's P.O.V. documentary series in 2007 , and was screened as part of the Seattle International Film Festival .
Naukari ( Job ) is a 1954 Bollywood film directed by Bimal Roy for Bimal Roy Productions .
Grave Encounters 2 is a 2012 Canadian - American horror film , directed by John Poliquin , written by The Vicious Brothers and the sequel to the 2011 film Grave Encounters .
Gandondu Hennaru ( Kannada : ಗಂಡೊಂದು ಹೆಣ್ಣಾರು ) is a 1969 Indian Kannada film , directed and produced by B. R. Panthulu .
Lost Kisses ( Italian : I baci mai dati ) is a 2010 Italian comedy - drama film directed by Roberta Torre and based on a story by Torre .
Engaeyum Eppothum ( Anywhere , Anytime ) is a 2011 Tamil romantic drama film written and directed by newcomer M. Saravanan .
Buccaneer Bunny is a 1947 Warner Bros. cartoon in the Looney Tunes series , released in 1948 , directed by Friz Freleng .
Gharana Bullodu is a 1995 Telugu film produced by K. Krishna Mohan Rao on RK Film Associates , directed by K. Raghavendra Rao .
Country of the Deaf ( Russian : Страна глухих , translit . Strana glukhikh ) is a 1998 Russian crime film directed by Valery Todorovsky , loosely based on the Renata Litvinova 's novel To Own and Belong .
Janathipathyam is a 1997 Indian Malayalam film , directed by K. Madhu and produced by M Mani .
Aa Dinagalu ( Kannada : ಆ ದಿನಗಳು ; English : Those Days ) is a 2007 Indian Kannada language crime drama film based on the non - fiction novel Daadaagiriya Dinagalu by Agni Shridhar , and directed by K. M. Chaitanya .
Grand Jury Secrets is a 1939 American comedy film directed by James P. Hogan and written by Irving Reis , Maxwell Shane and Robert Yost .
Alolam is a 1982 Malayalam film directed by Mohan .
Shoot Out is a 1971 western film directed by Henry Hathaway .
Memories in March is a 2010 Indian drama film directed by Sanjoy Nag .
In the Name of the Girl ( Spanish : En el Nombre de la Hija ) is a 2011 Ecuadorian drama film written and directed by Tania Hermida .
Kochi Rajavu ( translated as King of Kochi ) is a 2005 Malayalam - language Masala film , directed by Johny Antony .
Boys ' School ( Les Disparus de Saint - Agil in French ) is a 1938 French drama film by Christian - Jaque based on the novel of the same title by Pierre Véry .
The Daffy Doc is a 1938 Looney Tunes cartoon directed by Bob Clampett and starring Porky Pig and Daffy Duck .
Freckles Comes Home is a 1942 American film directed by Jean Yarbrough based on the novel by Jeannette Stratton - Porter that was a sequel to Freckles by her mother Gene Stratton - Porter .
Gable and Lombard is a 1976 American biographical film directed by Sidney J. Furie .
Man at Sea ( Greek : Άνθρωπος στη Θάλασσα , translit . Anthropos sti thalassa ) is a 2011 Greek drama film directed by Constantine Giannaris .
The Marines Who Never Returned ( Hangul : 돌아오지 않는 해병 ; RR : Doraoji anneun haebyong ; aka Marines Are Gone ) is a 1963 South Korean film directed by Lee Man - hee .
Adada ( Hangul : 아다다 ) is a 1987 South Korean film directed by I m Kwon - taek , based on a story by Kye Yong - mook .
Directed by Roger Lim , it is the first AmerAsian film of a trilogy and stars Lim as Eric Young ( who takes on the identity of unknown Jimmy Lee ) and Evlin Lake as Monica Donovan ( Eric 's potential love interest ) .
Fire Birds ( originally titled Wings of the Apache and released internationally under that name ) is a 1990 action - thriller film directed by David Green and produced by William Badalato , Keith Barish and Arnold Kopelson .
The Wrong Door is directed by Ben Wheatley , and written by him , Jack Cheshire and a large writing team , including Phillip Barron , John Camm , the Dawson Brothers , Ollie Aplin , Tim Inman , Susy Kane , Will Maclean , and Bert Tyler - Moore .
El Benny is a Cuban film released in 2006 , directed and co - written by Jorge Luis Sánchez , his first feature - length film .
Raid on Rommel is an American B movie in Technicolor from 1971 , directed by Henry Hathaway and set in North Africa during the Second World War .
Blaze of Noon is a 1947 aviation adventure film directed by John Farrow and based on writer and aviator Ernest K. Gann 's best - selling novel Blaze of Noon ( 1946 ) , a story about early air mail operations .
Khoya Khoya Chand , ( translation : Lost Moon ) is a Bollywood film directed by Sudhir Mishra which released on 7 December 2007 .
Laugh and Get Rich is a 1931 Pre - Code American comedy film , directed by Gregory La Cava , from a screenplay he also wrote with contributions from Douglas MacLean , who also was the associate producer , and Ralph Spence .
The Old Young People ( Spanish : Los Jóvenes viejos , and also known as The Sad Young Men ) is a 1962 Argentine film written and directed by Rodolfo Kuhn .
The Best Bad Man is a 1925 American silent Western film directed by John G. Blystone and written by Lillie Hayward .
Colin Fitz Lives ! , also known simply as Colin Fitz is a 1997 Independent film directed by Robert Bella .
They Were So Young ( German : Mannequins für Rio ) is a 1954 drama film directed by Kurt Neumann and written by Felix Lützkendorf and Kurt Neumann .
Raja Rani Badsha ( Bengali : রাজা রানী বাদশা ) is a 1998 Bengali film directed by Haranath Chakraborty and produced under the banner of Lakshmi Chitram . The film has been music composed by Babul Bose .
Puthiya Theerangal ( Malayalam : പുതിയ തീരങ്ങള്‍ ; English : The New Shores ) is a 2012 Indian Malayalam film directed by Sathyan Anthikad , produced by Anto Joseph , and written by Benny P Nayarambalam .
The Virtuous Bigamist ( French : Sous le ciel de Provence , Italian : Era di venerdì 17 ) is a 1956 French - Italian comedy drama film directed by Mario Soldati .
Portuguese filmmaker Pedro Costa 's documentary on Straub and Huillet , Où gît votre sourire enfoui ? ( alternately translated into English as Where Does Your Hidden Smile Lie ? or Where Lies Your Hidden Smile ? ) , was filmed while they were editing Sicilia!.
Blood Monkey is a 2007 American direct - to - video natural horror film produced by RHI Entertainment and directed by Robert Young .
Killing Words ( Palabras encadenadas ) is a Spanish psychological thriller co - written and directed by Laura Mañá .
Ali Baba 40 Dongalu is a 1970 Telugu swashbuckling adventure fantasy film directed by B. Vittalacharya .
Bill and Coo is a 1948 film directed by Dean Riesner , filmed in Trucolor , and conceived to showcase George Burton 's trained birds ( Burton 's Birds ) .
Isle of Flowers ( Portuguese : Ilha das Flores ) is a 1989 Brazilian short film by Jorge Furtado .
The Glass Agency ( Persian : آژانس شیشه‌ای‎‎ ) is a 1998 Iranian drama film directed by Ebrahim Hatamikia .
Bunshinsaba 2 ( simplified Chinese : 笔仙Ⅱ ; traditional Chinese : 筆仙Ⅱ ; pinyin : Bĭxiān Ⅱ ) is a 2013 Chinese horror film directed by Ahn Byeong - ki .
Trieste mia ! , alternately titled Trieste del mio cuore , is a 1951 Italian film directed by Mario Costa .
Cirkusrevyen 1936 is a 1936 Danish comedy film directed by Lau Lauritzen , Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks .
Yamla Pagla Deewana 2 ( also known as pagal2 ) is a 2013 Bollywood action comedy film directed by Sangeeth Sivan and a sequel to the 2011 hit film , Yamla Pagla Deewana .
Vicharana ( English : Trial ) is a 1988 Malayalam film written by A. K. Lohithadas and directed by Sibi Malayil .
The Redhead from Wyoming is a 1953 American Western drama film produced by Leonard Goldstein and directed by Lee Sholem .
`` Nothing Important Happened Today I '' was directed by Kim Manners and `` Nothing Important Happened Today II '' was directed by Tony Wharmby .
Jab Tak Hai Jaan ( English : As Long as I Live , literally `` as long , or as far , as there is life '' ) is a 2012 Indian romantic drama film directed by Yash Chopra and written and produced by Aditya Chopra under their production banner , Yash Raj Films .
Bangaarada Panjara ( Kannada : ಬಂಗಾರದ ಪಂಜರ ) is a 1974 Indian Kannada comedy film directed by V. Somashekhar and starring Rajkumar in the lead role .
Ek Thi Daayan ( Hindi : एक थी डायन ; English translation : Once there was a Witch ) is a 2013 Indian supernatural thriller film directed by Kannan Iyer , adapted from the short story Mobius Trips by Mukul Sharma .
Gol Maal ( Chaos ) is a 1979 Bollywood comedy movie directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee .
The Fate of Renate Langen ( German : Das Schicksal der Renate Langen ) is a 1931 German film directed by Rudolf Walther - Fein and starring Mady Christians , Francis Lederer and Hilde Hildebrand .
Koothara ( English : The Rogue / Cultureless / Bad / Untidy ) is a 2014 Malayalam coming of age mystery thriller film directed by Srinath Rajendran .
Garoto Cósmico ( English : Cosmic Boy ) is a 2007 Brazilian animated film directed by Alê Abreu .
Pontianak Harum Sundal Malam 2 is a 2005 Malaysian horror movie directed by Shuhaimi Baba released in Malaysia on 24 November 2005 .
Eight Taels of Gold ( Chinese : 八兩金 , Ba ya jin ) is a 1989 Hong Kong drama film directed by Mabel Cheung .
Walking Too Fast ( Czech : Pouta , literally handcuffs or bonds ) is a Czech Thriller and drama film directed by Radim Špaček .
All My Loved Ones ( Czech : Všichni moji blízcí ) is a 1999 Czech - language film directed by Matej Mináč .
The Liberation of L.B. Jones is a 1970 American drama film directed by William Wyler , his final project in a career that spanned 45 years .
Deep Breath ( Persian:نفس عمیق ) is a 2003 Iranian Crystal Simorgh winner film directed by Parviz Shahbazi .
The Unnamed Zone ( Spanish : La Zona ) is a 2006 Spanish documentary film by director Carlos Rodríguez about the lives of three young Ukrainian children directly affected by the 1986 Chernobyl disaster .
Do Knot Disturb is a Bollywood comedy film directed by David Dhawan .
The Last Posse is a 1953 American black - and - white western film directed by Alfred L. Werker .
The She Beast ( Italian title : La Sorella di Satana ; also known as Revenge of the Blood Beast ) is a 1966 British - Italian horror film written and directed by Michael Reeves .
Appointment for Love is a 1941 film made by Universal Pictures , directed by William A. Seiter .
Sevanthi Sevanthi ( Kannada : ಸೇವಂತಿ ಸೇವಂತಿ ) is a 2006 Indian Kannada language romance - drama musical film directed and written by S. Narayan .
Some Girls Do is a 1969 British comedy spy film directed by Ralph Thomas .
`` Onks ' Viljoo näkyny ? '' is a 1988 Finnish comedy film directed by Hannu Seikkula .
Rang De Basanti ( IPA : ( ˈrəŋɡ d̪eː bəˈsənt̪i ) ; English : Colour it Saffron ) is a 2006 Indian drama film co written , co produced and directed by Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra .
Sana Dati ( English : If Only ) is a 2013 Filipino romantic drama film written and directed by Jerrold Tarog .
Yeh Hai Jalwa ( Hindi : ये है जलवा , Urdu : یے ہے جلوہ‎ , This Is Magic ) is a 2002 Bollywood comedy film Directed by David Dhawan .
Naked Massacre is a 1976 West German / Canadian / French / Italian film directed by Denis Héroux .
What Has That Woman Done to You ? ( Spanish:¡¿Qué te ha dado esa mujer ? ! ) is a 1951 Mexican comedy film directed by Ismael Rodríguez and starring Pedro Infante , Luis Aguilar and Rosa Arenas .
Dena Paona ( Bengali : দেনা পাওনা ) is a 1931 Bengali film directed by Premankur Atorthy , starring Amar Mullick , Durga Das Bannerjee , Jahar Ganguly , Nibhanani Devi and Bhanu Bandyopadhyay .
The Inkwell is a 1994 romantic comedy / drama film , directed by Matty Rich .
Stalin 's Disciples ( Hebrew : ילדי סטאלין ) is a 1986 Israeli film directed by Nadav Levitan that satirizes the utopian ideology of the Israeli kibbutz .
Oru Malarin Payanam ( Tamil : ஒரு மலரின் பயணம் ) is a 1985 Indian Tamil film , directed by Muktha Srinivasan and produced by Muktha V. Ramasasmy .
Money No Enough 2 ( Chinese : 钱不够用二 ; pinyin : Qián bùgòu yòng èr ) is a Singaporean film written and directed by Jack Neo and produced by Neo Studios , Mediacorp Raintree Pictures and Scorpio EastPictures .
A Place to Live is a 1941 documentary film directed by Irving Lerner and produced by the Philadelphia Housing Association , a nonprofit affordable housing advocacy group .
There 's One Born Every Minute is a 1942 American Universal Pictures comedy film directed by Harold Young .
By Reason of Insanity is a two - part 2015 BBC documentary by Louis Theroux .
Hag in a Black Leather Jacket ( 1964 ) is a John Waters short film made in Baltimore , Maryland , starring Mona Montgomery and Mary Vivian Pearce .
The Waif and the Wizard ( AKA : The Home Made Happy ) is a 1901 British short silent comedy film , directed by Walter R. Booth , featuring a magician using his magic to aid an ailing girl at the request of her brother .
I Am Maria ( Swedish : Jag är Maria ) is a 1979 Swedish drama film directed by Karsten Wedel .
12B is a 2001 Tamil romance film directed and co - written by Jeeva .
Arizona to Broadway is a 1933 American Pre - Code crime romance film made by Fox Film Corporation , directed by James Tinling .
Fatal Honeymoon is a 2012 made - for - television movie directed and produced by Nadia Tass .
Khud - Daar ( Hindi : खुद्दार ) is a 1982 Indian Hindi movie directed by Ravi Tandon .
Eiffel I 'm in Love is a 2003 Indonesian teen romantic comedy film directed by was Nasri Cheppy .
The Finishing Touch is a 1928 short comedy silent film produced by Hal Roach , directed by Clyde Bruckman and starring Laurel and Hardy .
Secrets of the Tribe is a documentary film by director José Padilha premiered at the 2010 Sundance Film Festival , where it was nominated for a Grand Jury Prize .
Thinkalaazhcha Nalla Divasam ( English : Monday , an Auspicious Day ) is a 1985 Malayalam drama film written and directed by P. Padmarajan .
Boy 7 is a Dutch movie from 2015 directed by Lourens Blok .
Sivappu Mazhai ( Tamil : சிவப்பு மழை ; English : ( lit . ) Red Rain ) is a 2010 Tamil action film written and directed by V. Krishnamurthy .
Adam and Eva is a 1923 American comedy silent film directed by Robert G. Vignola and written by Guy Bolton , George Middleton and Luther Reed .
5 Fingers , known also as Five Fingers , is a 1952 American spy film directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz and produced by Otto Lang .
Sugar , Honey and Pepper ( Italian : Zucchero , miele e peperoncino ) is a 1980 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Martino .
Behind the Clouds the Sun Is Shining ( Dutch : Achter de wolken schijnt de zon ) is a 1925 Dutch silent documentary film directed by Willy Mullens .
Too Busy to Work is a 1939 American comedy film , directed by Otto Brower that was one of the Jones Family film series .
The Puppetoon Movie is a 1987 animated film written , produced , and directed by Arnold Leibovit .
Blinkity Blank is a 1955 animated short film by Norman McLaren , engraved directly onto black film leader , Blinkity Blank features a soundtrack combining improvisational jazz from composer Maurice Blackburn along with graphical sounds created by McLaren scratching onto the film 's optical soundtrack .
Yankee Doodle Bugs is a Looney Tunes cartoon short , released in 1954 , which was written by Warren Foster and directed by Friz Freleng .
The Duped Journalist ( Hungarian : A becsapott újságíró ) is a 1914 Hungarian silent film directed by Alexander Korda and Gyula Zilahi .
Last Stop for Paul is a 2006 independent film by Neil Mandt .
Brass Target is a 1978 American post war suspense film , based on the novel The Algonquin Project by Frederick Nolan and directed by John Hough .
Off Key ( also known as Desafinado ) is a 2001 Spanish - British - Italian comedy film written and directed by Manuel Gómez Pereira .
The Shipbuilders is a 1943 British drama film directed by John Baxter and starring Clive Brook , Morland Graham and Nell Ballantyne .
Five Minutes of Heaven is a British and Irish film directed by Oliver Hirschbiegel from a script by Guy Hibbert .
Les J3 ( also known as The J3 ) is a 1945 French film directed by Roger Richebé , and adapted from the play by the same name , written by Roger Ferdinand .
Beyond the Walls ( Hebrew : מאחורי הסורגים‎ , MeAhorei HaSoragim , lit . `` Behind the Bars '' ) is a 1984 Israeli film directed by Uri Barbash co - wrote with Eran Preis .
The Woman in the Cupboard ( German : Die Frau i m Schrank ) is a 1927 German silent comedy film directed by Rudolf Biebrach and starring Kaethe Consee and Willy Fritsch .
Chain of Desire is an American 1992 drama - romance film directed by Temístocles López .
Aldri annet enn bråk is a 1954 Norwegian comedy - drama film , edited by Edith Carlmar .
Co - Written and Directed by P. Bharathiraja , music by Ilaiyaraaja and cinematography by P. S. Nivas In an era of over - dramatised acting in Tamil films , Sigappu Rojakkal was one of the notable and the best exceptions .
Jugnu ( English : firefly ) is a 1973 Indian Hindi movie produced and directed by Pramod Chakravorty .
Shaadi Se Pehle ( Hindi : शादी से पहले , Urdu : شادی سے پہلے English : Before the marriage ) is a 2006 Bollywood comedy film directed by Satish Kaushik and produced by Subhash Ghai .
Xuxa em O Mistério de Feiurinha is a children 's film directed by Tizuka Yamasaki and starring Xuxa Meneghel .
Better Days Ahead ( Portuguese : Dias Melhores Virão ) is a 1989 Brazilian comedy - drama film directed by Carlos Diegues .
3 Day Test is a 2012 American film directed and written by Corbin Bernsen and starring George Newbern , Megyn Price , and Bernsen .
Abraham Lincoln 's Clemency was a 1910 American film directed by Theodore Wharton and produced by Pathé Films .
The Communication Awards of the National Academies of Sciences , Engineering , and Medicine awarded a $ 20,000 prize for excellence in communicating science to the general public in Film / Radio / TV to David Kaplan and Mark Levinson for `` Particle Fever '' on October 14 , 2015 .
Those Without Sin is a 1917 American silent drama film directed by Marshall Neilan and written by Thomas J. Geraghty , George DuBois Proctor and Harvey F. Thew .
27A is a 1974 Australian film directed by Esben Storm .
Lips of Lurid Blue ( Italian : Labbra di lurido blu , also known as With Lips of Lurid Blue and With Lips of Filthy Blue ) is a 1975 erotic drama film written and directed by Giulio Petroni .
The Thin Man Goes Home is a 1945 motion picture directed by Richard Thorpe .
The Silk Express is a 1933 American pre - Code drama film directed by Ray Enright and written by Houston Branch and Ben Markson .
The Leap in the Dark ( German : Der Sprung ins Dunkle ) is a 1920 German silent mystery film directed by and starring Ernst Reicher as the detective character Stuart Webbs , part of a long - running series of silent films .
The Black Enforcer ( Chinese : 黑強制執行 ) is a 1972 Hong Kong dramatic action film directed by Ho Meng Hua .
Russian Meat ( Croatian : Rusko meso ) is a 1997 Croatian film directed by Lukas Nola .
Trishagni ( English title : The Sand Storm ) was a 1988 Hindi film directed by Nabendu Ghosh .
Suburban Mayhem is a 2006 Australian film directed by Paul Goldman , written by Alice Bell , produced by Leah Churchill - Brown and Executive Producer Jan Chapman .
Kiss Daddy Goodnight is a 1987 American neo - noir psychological thriller film directed by Peter Ily Huemer .
Killer 's Moon is a 1978 British horror film written and directed by Alan Birkinshaw , with uncredited dialogue written by his novelist sister , Fay Weldon .
Bad Charleston Charlie is a 1973 comedy film written by and starring cult actor Ross Hagen and directed by Ivan Nagy .
The Saplings ( Russian : Саженцы , translit . Sazhentsy , Georgian : ნერგები , translit . Nergebi ) is a 1972 Soviet comedy film directed by Rezo Chkheidze .
Unsettled is a 2007 documentary feature film written , directed , and produced by Adam Hootnick , depicting the experiences of six young Israeli adults taking part in the Gaza disengagement of August , 2005 .
Portia on Trial is a 1937 American film about a trial based on story of Faith Baldwin and directed by George Nicholls , Jr ..
The Public Life of Henry the Ninth ( 1935 ) is a British comedy film directed by Bernard Mainwaring and starring Leonard Henry , Betty Frankiss , and George Mozart .
Revenge of the Electric Car is a 2011 feature documentary film by Chris Paine , who also directed Who Killed the Electric Car ? .
Miss Pilgrim 's Progress is a 1949 black - and - white British comedy film by producer Nat Cohen and director Val Guest .
Four Women of Egypt ( original French title Quatre femmes d'Égypte ) is a 1997 Canadian - Egyptian documentary film by Tahani Rached .
See You in Montevideo ( Serbian : Montevideo , vidimo se ! ) is a 2014 Serbian comedy film written and directed by Dragan Bjelogrlić .
The Petal on the Current is a lost 1919 American drama film directed by Tod Browning .
Wild Horse Stampede is a 1943 American Western film , directed by Alan James and starring Ken Maynard and Hoot Gibson playing marshals with their own names in the manner of Gene Autry and Roy Rogers .
Kakkakum Poochakkum Kalyanam is a 1995 Indian Malayalam film , directed by K. K. Haridas and produced by Fazal , Satheesh Kuttiyil and Premkumar Parambath .
Swinging at the Castle ( Swedish : Det svänger på slottet ) is a 1959 Swedish comedy film directed by Alf Kjellin .
I am a Mother ( Persian : Man Madar Hastam‎ ) is a 2012 Iranian drama film directed by Fereydoun Jeyrani .
Yaarige Saluthe Sambala ( Kannada : ಯಾರಿಗೆ ಸಾಲುತ್ತೆ ಸಂಬಳ ) is a 2000 Indian Kannada comedy - family drama film directed by M. S. Rajashekar and produced by B. G. Hemalatha .
Gents in a Jam was the last short directed by Edward Bernds , long considered the Stooges ' finest director .
Thirupaachi is a 2005 Tamil action masala film written and directed by Perarasu .
Outlaws of Pine Ridge is a 1942 American western film directed by William Witney and starring Don ' Red ' Barry , Lynn Merrick and Noah Beery .
Twist of Faith is a 2004 American documentary film directed by Kirby Dick about a man who confronts the Catholic Church about the abuse he suffered as a teenager .
The Ordinary Radicals is a 2008 documentary film directed by Philadelphia filmmaker Jamie Moffett .
Psychos in Love is a 1987 American black comedy horror film , directed by Gorman Bechard .
The Loser Takes It All ( Greek : Ο χαμένος τα παίρνει όλα , tr . O chamenos ta pairnei ola ) is a 2002 Greek dramatic experimental independent surrealist underground art film , the seventh feature film directed by Nikos Nikolaidis .
Podokkhep ( Bengali : পদক্ষেপ `` Footstep '' ) is a 2006 Bengali film by Suman Ghosh .
The Russian Novel ( Hangul : 러시안 소설 ; RR : Reosian Soseol ) is a 2012 South Korean film written and directed by Shin Yeon - shick about an aspiring author who wakes up from a 27-year coma as one of his country 's finest authors , credited for a book he did n't write .
Columbus on Trial is a film directed by Lourdes Portillo in 1992 .
A Coo - ee from Home is a 1918 Australian silent film directed by Charles Woods about a miner who falls in love with a wealthy heiress .
The Boxing Kangaroo is an 1896 British short black - and - white silent documentary film , produced and directed by Birt Acres for exhibition on Robert W. Paul 's peep show Kinetoscopes , featuring a young boy boxing with a kangaroo .
Tyrant Fear is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by Roy William Neill and written by R. Cecil Smith .
Mugabe 's Zimbabwe ( 2010 ) is a factual film directed by Shrenik Rao .
The Spessart Inn ( German : Das Wirtshaus i m Spessart ) is a 1958 West German musical comedy film directed by Kurt Hoffmann .
Beautiful Wonderful Perfect or Er rer ( Thai : เอ๋อเหรอ ) is a 2005 Thai family comedy film directed by Poj Arnon .
Sila Samayangalil ( English : Sometimes ) is an upcoming Indian Tamil social drama film , written and directed by Priyadarshan .
Flame in the Streets is a 1961 film directed by Roy Ward Baker and based on the 1958 play Hot Summer Night by Ted Willis .
On June 25 , 2008 , director Charles Band announced that he would be making a sequel entitled Bride of the Head of the Family .
Incident at Oglala is a 1992 documentary by Michael Apted , narrated by Robert Redford .
Oru Naal Oru Kanavu ( Tamil : ஒரு நாள் ஒரு கனவு , English : One day , one dream ) is a 2005 Indian Tamil romance film directed by Fazil .
Bawke is a 2005 short film directed by Hisham Zaman and produced in Norway .
Terror Island is a 1920 American silent adventure film produced by Jesse Lasky and directed by James Cruze .
Black Field is a 2009 Canadian historical drama film and the debut of filmmaker Danishka Esterhazy .
Ein Sommer in Paris ( English : `` A Summer in Paris '' ) is a 2011 German romantic film , written by Stefan Cantz and Jan Hinterand and directed by Jorgo Papavassiliou .
The Cowboy and the Blonde is a 1941 western - comedy film directed by Ray McCarey and released by 20th Century Fox .
Itha Oru Snehagatha is a 1997 Indian Malayalam romance film , written and directed by Captain Raju .
Dreams That Money Can Buy is a 1947 experimental feature color film written , produced , and directed by surrealist artist and dada film - theorist Hans Richter .
Zurdo , is a 2003 Mexican fantasy adventure film , directed by Carlos Salces from the same company that produced Amores Perros .
InAlienable is a 2008 science fiction film with horror and comic elements , written and produced by Walter Koenig , and directed by Robert Dyke .
Nuts in May is a television film devised and directed by Mike Leigh , filmed in March 1975 , and originally broadcast as part of the BBC 's Play for Today series on 13 January 1976 .
The Bituminous Coal Queens of Pennsylvania is a 2005 documentary film directed by David Hunt and Jody Eldred about the fiftieth annual `` Pennsylvania Bituminous Coal Queen '' beauty pageant which took place on Sunday , August 17 , 2003 at the State Theatre Center for the Arts ( Uniontown , Pennsylvania ) .
Devil Face , Angel Heart is a 2002 thriller film directed by Billy Chung .
The Night Brings Charlie is a 1990 horror film directed by Tom Logan , and written by Bruce Carson .
The Abyss of Repentance ( Polish : Otchlan pokuty ) is a 1923 Polish silent drama film directed by Wiktor Biegański and starring Antoni Piekarski , Ryszard Sobiszewski and Halina Maciejowska .
A Hole in the Forehead ( Italian : Un buco in fronte , also known as A Hole Between the Eyes ) is a 1968 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Giuseppe Vari .
Chinnamul ( alternate spelling Chhinnamul , The Uprooted ) was a 1950 Bengali film directed by Nemai Ghosh .
Morning in the Streets is a BBC television documentary directed by Denis Mitchell and Roy Harris in 1959 , for the BBC Northern Film Unit .
Mucheettukalikkaarante Makal is a 1975 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Thoppil Bhasi and produced by SK Nair .
Dead Sure ( Tagalog : Segurista ) is a 1996 Philippine drama film directed by Tikoy Aguiluz .
Where Is Freedom ? ( Italian : Dov'è la libertà ? ) is a 1954 Italian comedy - drama film directed by Roberto Rossellini .
Neenga Nalla Irukkanum ( English : ( lit . ) You Should Live Long ) is a 1992 Tamil film written and directed by Visu .
Dear Old London is a 1933 Australian short film directed by Claude Flemming for Efftee Studios .
Ubojite misli ( English : Battle Thoughts ) is a 2006 Croatian short film directed by Stanka Gjurić .
El pasajero clandestino ( French : Le Passager clandestin , Catalan : El passatger clandestí ) is a 1995 French - Spanish dramatic independent underground television art film directed by Agustí Villaronga .
The Red Cat ( German : Die rote Katze ) is a 1920 German silent film directed by Erich Schönfelder .
It 's Always the Woman is a British silent motion picture of 1916 directed by Wilfred Noy ( 1883 - -1948 ) and produced by the Clarendon Film Company .
Island of Lost Women is a 71-minute , black - and - white film , directed by Frank Tuttle , which was released by Warner Brothers in 1959 .
From a Night Porter 's Point of View ( Polish : Z punktu widzenia nocnego portiera ) is a 1977 documentary film by Polish filmmaker Krzysztof Kieślowski .
Yoga Hosers is a 2016 American comedy horror film written and directed by Kevin Smith .
Five Hours from Paris ( Hebrew : Hamesh Shaot me'Pariz‎ ) is a 2009 Israeli comedy film by Leonid Prudovsky .
Hanna 's War is a 1988 film co - written and directed by Menahem Golan .
A Matter of Faith is a 2014 American Christian drama film directed by Rich Christiano and stars Harry Anderson , Jordan Trovillion , Jay Pickett , and Clarence Gilyard .
Jedenácté přikázání , also known as The Eleventh Commandment ' , is a Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič .
The Make Believe Pirates ( Italian : Allegri masnadieri ) is a 1937 Italian comedy film directed by Marco Elter .
Chimmie Fadden is a 1915 American silent comedy film directed , written and edited Cecil B. DeMille .
The General in Red Robes ( 홍의 장군 - Hongui janggun ) is a 1973 South Korean film directed by Lee Doo - yong .
Okay Bill is a 1971 film directed by John G. Avildsen .
Pehla Nasha ( Hindi : पहला नशा , English : First Intoxication ( as in Love ) ) is a 1993 Indian film and the debut of director Ashutosh Gowariker .
Voltati Eugenio ( internationally released as Eugenio and Turn Around Eugenio ) is a 1980 Italian comedy drama film by Luigi Comencini .
Balkan Express ( Serbian : Балкан експрес ) is a 1983 Yugoslavian film by director Branko Baletić .
Monsterz(aka . Monsters ) is a 2014 Japanese fantasy horror thriller film directed by Hideo Nakata .
Atthege Thakka Sose ( Kannada : ಅತ್ತೆಗೆ ತಕ್ಕ ಸೊಸೆ ) is a 1979 Indian Kannada film , directed by Y. R. Swamy and produced by S. D. Ankalagi , B. H. Chandannavar , Surendra Ingale and M. G. Hublikar .
Candida , Woman of the Year ( Spanish : Cándida , la mujer del año ) is a 1943 Argentine comedy film directed by Enrique Santos Discépolo and starring Niní Marshall , Augusto Codecá , and Carlos Morganti .
Robert Kennedy Remembered is a 1968 American short documentary film produced by Charles Guggenheim .
La Modelo de la calle Florida is a 1939 Argentine low budget musical film directed by Julio Irigoyen .
Coming to America is a 1988 American romantic comedy film directed by John Landis , and based on a story originally created by Eddie Murphy , who also starred in the lead role .
Lover of the Great Bear ( Italian : L'amante dell'Orsa Maggiore , French : La ligne de feu , German : Nur der letzte kam durch , also known as The Smugglers ) is a 1971 Italian - French - German drama film directed by Valentino Orsini and starring Giuliano Gemma and Senta Berger .
Jungle Jim in the Forbidden Land is a black and white 1952 Adventure film directed by Lew Landers and written by Samuel Newman .
Pereval ( The Pass ; Russian : Перевал ) is a 1988 Soviet animated short film , directed by Vladimir Tarasov and written by Kir Bulychov .
Middle of the Night is a 1959 American drama film directed by Delbert Mann , and released by Columbia Pictures .
The Lightkeepers is a 2009 romantic comedy film directed by Daniel Adams .
Kunjaliyan ( Malayalam : കുഞ്ഞളിയന്‍ , English : Young Brother - in - law ) is a 2011 Malayalam satirical film directed by Saji Surendran and written by Krishna Poojapura .
Cutting Moments ( Daybreak ) is a 1997 short film written , produced and directed by Douglas Buck , in cooperation with The New School .
Denko is a 1993 short drama film directed by Guinean film maker Mohamed Camara .
Toto Forever , also known in Spanish as Toto Para Siempre or Siempre Toto , is a 2010 drama short film directed by Roberto F. Canuto and written by Canuto and Xu Xiaoxi .
Biraj Bahu is a 1954 Hindi film produced by Hiten Choudhury and directed by Bimal Roy , and based on a Bengali novel by Saratchandra Chattopadhyay .
Bambi is a 1942 American animated drama film directed by David Hand ( supervising a team of sequence directors ) , produced by Walt Disney and based on the book Bambi , A Life in the Woods by Austrian author Felix Salten .
Muhwagwa ( 무화과 , Fig Tree ) is a 1935 Korean film directed by Na Woon - gyu .
Ramji Rao Speaking is a 1989 Indian Malayalam comedy film written and directed by the Siddique - Lal duo .
Tuesday , After Christmas ( Romanian : Marţi , după Crăciun ) is a 2010 Romanian film written and directed by Radu Muntean .
Mundhinam Paartheney is a 2010 Indian Tamil - language romantic comedy film written and directed by debutant director Magizh Thirumeni , starring newcomers Sanjay , Ekta Ghosla , Lizna , Pooja and Sai Prashanth in lead roles .
Destiny Turns on the Radio ( 1995 ) is an American action - comedy film , directed by Jack Baran .
Dance of the Damned is a 1989 American film directed by Katt Shea and executive produced by Roger Corman .
Mankillers , also known as 12 Wild Women , is a 1987 film written and directed by David A. Prior .
Indonesia Calling is a 1946 Australian short documentary film directed by Joris Ivens and produced by the then Waterside Workers ' Federation .
Stark Raving Black is a stand - up comedy film starring Lewis Black and directed by Adam Dubin .
Dhamaal ( Hindi : धमाल ; English translation : Fun ) is a 2007 Bollywood comedy film directed by Indra Kumar and produced by Ashok Thakeria .
Aar Ya Paar ( now or never ) is a 1997 Bollywood film produced and directed by Ketan Mehta .
Antareen ( The Confined ) is a 1993 Indian film in Bengali language , directed by Mrinal Sen , based on a story by Saadat Hasan Manto .
Wrong World is a 1985 Australian film directed by Ian Pringle .
We 'll Smile Again is a 1942 British musical comedy film , directed by John Baxter , and starring Bud Flanagan , Chesney Allen and Meinhart Maur .
Avittam Thirunaal Aarogya Sriman ( Malayalam : അവിട്ടം തിരുനാള്‍ ആരോഗ്യ ശ്രീമാന്‍ ) is a 1995 Malayalam film directed by Viji Thampi .
Neil Simon 's I Ought to Be in Pictures ( also known simply as I Ought to Be in Pictures ) is a 1982 American comedy - drama film directed by Herbert Ross and based on Neil Simon 's play of the same name .
Friendship ! is a 2010 German film directed by Markus Goller .
The Perfect Dictatorship ( Spanish : La dictadura perfecta ) is a 2014 Mexican comedy political satire film , written , produced and directed by Luis Estrada and starring Damián Alcázar , Alfonso Herrera , Joaquín Cosío , Dagoberto Gama , María Rojo and Salvador Sánchez .
Girl from Avenue A is a 1940 American comedy film , directed by Otto Brower .
Suddenly , It 's Spring ( some sources list the title without a comma ) is a 1947 comedy film directed by Mitchell Leisen .
Veruthe Oru Bharya ( English : A Wife for Nothing ) is a 2008 Malayalam film written by K. Gireesh Kumar and directed by Akku Akbar .
The Forgiveness of Blood ( Albanian : Falja e Gjakut ) is a 2011 Albanian - American drama film co - written and directed by Joshua Marston .
Ezhai Pangalan ( Tamil : ஏழை பங்காளன் ) is a 1963 Indian Tamil film , directed by K. Shankar and produced by Violin K. V. Mahadevan .
De tal palo tal astilla ( English translation : A Chip Off the Old Block ) is a 1960 Mexican western comedy film directed by Miguel M. Delgado , produced by Jesús Galindo , and released by Filmadora Chapultepec .
The Sweet Sins of Sexy Susan ( Austrian release : Susanne , die Wirtin von der Lahn , West German release : Die Wirtin von der Lahn ) is a 1967 Austrian costume drama - sex comedy film directed by Franz Antel .
Do Raaste ( translation : Two roads ) is a 1969 Indian Hindi film directed by Raj Khosla .
Sudhandhiram ( English : Independence ) is a 2000 Tamil language film directed by Raj Kapoor and produced by K. R. Gangadharan .
Les Longs Manteaux is a Franco - Argentine film , directed by Gilles Béhat , which links drama and action in the spaghetti - western genre .
If You Build It is a 2013 documentary directed by Patrick Creadon , produced by Neal Baer , and filmed on location largely in the town of Windsor and surrounding Bertie County , North Carolina , the state 's poorest county .
Rikas tyttö ( English translation - The Rich Girl ) is a 1939 Finnish film directed by Valentin Vaala .
The Old Monk 's Tale is a 1913 American drama film directed by J. Searle Dawley , produced by The Edison Company and released by General Film Company .
Crocodile Hunters is 1949 documentary directed by Lee Robinson about both aboriginal and professional crocodile hunters in the Northern Territory .
Pride of Maryland is a 1951 American drama film directed by Philip Ford and written by John K. Butler .
Chinnari Papalu ( Telugu : చిన్నారి పాపలు ) is a 1968 Telugu Drama film directed and produced by Mahanati Savitri .
The Million Dollar Collar is a 1929 American part - talkie crime film directed by D. Ross Lederman .
The Man Without Desire is a 1923 British silent film fantasy drama , directed by Adrian Brunel and starring Ivor Novello , who also co - produced the film along with Miles Mander .
Frankenstein 's Daughter is a 1958 science - fiction romance horror film directed by Richard E. Cunha and is one of the four drive - in films that he released with help from producer Marc Frederic .
My Heart Incognito ( French : Mon coeur incognito ) is a 1931 comedy film directed by André - Paul Antoine and Manfred Noa and starring Mady Christians .
There Was Once a Loyal Hussar ( German : Es war einmal ein treuer Husar ) is a 1929 German film directed by Carl Heinz Wolff and starring Grit Haid .
The Holocaust Experience is a 2003 documentary by Oeke Hoogendijk that takes a serious , slightly critical , look at Holocaust museums around the globe .
Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day is a 2008 romantic comedy film directed by Bharat Nalluri .
Crossfire Hurricane is a 2012 documentary film about The Rolling Stones written and directed by Brett Morgen .
The Adventures of Mr. Pickwick is a 1921 British silent comedy film directed by Thomas Bentley based on the novel The Pickwick Papers by Charles Dickens .
The Little Drummer Girl was made into a feature film by George Roy Hill in 1984 .
Sevagan is a 1992 Tamil language crime film directed and produced by Arjun Sarja , making his directorial debut .
Thommanum Makkalum ( English : Thomman and Sons ) is a 2005 Malayalam film directed by Shafi , written by Benny P. Nayarambalam , and produced by Lal under his production house Lal Creations .
The Man from Colorado is a 1948 American western - psychological drama film directed by Henry Levin and produced by Jules Schermer for Columbia Pictures .
Registe , also known as Women Directors , is a 2014 Italian independent film written and directed by Diana Dell'Erba .
Erstwhile Susan is a 1919 American silent drama film directed by John S. Robertson , produced and distributed by Realart Pictures .
Never on Tuesday is a comedy film written and directed by Adam Rifkin .
Vidyarthikale Ithile Ithile ( Translation : This Way , Students ) is a 1971 Malayalam language film directed by avant - garde filmmaker John Abraham .
Lucky Carson is a 1921 American silent film , directed by Wilfrid North .
Mina Tannenbaum is a 1994 French film written and directed by Martine Dugowson , her debut feature .
Devudu ( English : God ) is a 1997 Telugu , drama film produced by A.Gopinath , M.Venkatrao & C.Krishna Rao on Sri Chitra Creations banner , directed by Ravi Raja Pinisetty .
Bataille de boules de neige ( also known as Snowball Fight ) is an 1896 French short black - and - white silent documentary film directed and produced by Louis Lumière .
À propos de Sarajevo is a name of a documentary written and directed by Haris Pašović .
Why Cry at Parting ? ( German : Wer wird denn weinen , wenn man auseinandergeht ? ) is a 1929 British - German silent film directed by Richard Eichberg and starring Dina Gralla , Harry Halm and Paul Morgan .
Jiseul ( Hangul : 지슬 ) is a 2012 South Korean war drama film written and directed by Jeju Island native O Muel .
The series movie 's scenario which screened the novel Toate pînzele sus ! ( 1954 ) of Radu Tudoran , it was written by Alexandru Struțeanu and Mircea Mureșan .
Assignment Redhead ( released in the US as Million Dollar Manhunt ) is a 1956 British crime thriller , written and directed by Maclean Rogers .
Njan Samvidhanam Cheyyum ( English : I Will Direct ) is a 2015 Malayalam - language Indian family drama film written , directed and produced by Balachandra Menon .
Madhura Charika ( English : Joyful journeys ) is a Sinhala language film written and directed by Udayakantha Warnasuriya .
Markandeyan is a 2011 Indian Tamil - language film written and directed by FEFSI Vijayan .
Like Two Drops of Water ( Dutch : Als twee druppels water ) is a 1963 Dutch drama film directed by Fons Rademakers .
O Homem que Virou Suco is a 1980 Brazilian drama film written and directed by João Batista de Andrade .
Mulleya Mulleya ( Hangul : 여인 잔혹사 물레야 물레야 ; RR : Yeo - in Janhoksa Mulle - ya Mulle - ya ; also known as Spinning the Tales of Cruelty Towards Women ) , is a 1984 South Korean film directed by Lee Doo - yong .
Bonds of Honor is a 1919 American silent film directed by William Worthington .
' It 's Alive ! ' is a 1969 American film directed by Larry Buchanan about a mad farmer who tries to feed a stranded couple to a dinosaur he keeps in a cave .
A Computer Animated Hand is a 1972 American computer - animated film produced by Edwin Catmull and Fred Parke .
The Wooden Man 's Bride ( Chinese : 五魁 ; pinyin : Wǔ kuí ) is a 1994 Chinese film directed by the fifth generation filmmaker Huang Jianxin .
Tum Bin - Love Will Find the Way ( meaning Without You ) is a 2001 Hindi movie directed by Anubhav Sinha .
The Province of Hesse - Nassau ( German : Provinz Hessen - Nassau ) was a province of the Kingdom of Prussia from 1868 to 1918 , then a province of the Free State of Prussia until 1944 .
The Taifa of Morón was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed from around 1010 to 1066 .
The Taifa of Purchena was a medieval taifa kingdom which existed from 1145 to 1150 .
In December 1988 , Philip Morris acquired Kraft , Inc. , and , in 1990 , combined the two food companies as Kraft General Foods ( KGF ) .
The Taifa of Valencia was a medieval taifa kingdom which existed , in and around Valencia , Spain during four distinct periods : from 1010 to 1065 , from 1075 to 1099 , from 1145 to 1147 and last from 1229 to 1238 when it was finally conquered by the Aragon .
James Shears and Sons was a firm of London coppersmiths and braziers who were active from c1785 to 1891 .
Although Hewson Consultants closed in 1991 , their games are still covered in the retro gaming press , and many of their hit titles , including Uridium , Paradroid , Nebulus and Cybernoid , have recently launched on Nintendo 's Virtual Console game download service .
When the Batavian Republic was created in 1795 , the Lordship of Utrecht was abolished .
At the end of February 2003 , The Cranberries started working with Stephen Street and debuted their work for the first time in Belfast , Northern Ireland , on 29 May 2003 performing the songs `` Astral Projection '' and `` In it Together '' .
The Colony of Vancouver Island ( officially known as the Island of Vancouver and its Dependencies ) , was a crown colony of British North America from 1849 to 1866 , after which it was united with the mainland to form the Colony of British Columbia .
During the Napoleonic Wars , Prussian troops occupied Nordhausen on 2 August 1802 ; the city lost its status as an Imperial Free City during the German Mediatisation .
Tver Viceroyalty ( Russian : Тверское наместничество , Tverskoye namestnichestvo ) was an administrative division of the Russian Empire , which existed from 1775 until 1796 .
The Taifa of Guadix and Baza was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed from only 1145 to 1151 when it was conquered by the Taifa of Murcia .
The Lokot Autonomy ( Russian : Локотскoe самоуправление ) was a semi - autonomous region in Nazi German - occupied Central Russia led by Bronislav Kaminski 's administration from July 1942 to August 1943 .
The Fifth Republic of South Korea was the government of South Korea from 1979 to 1987 , replacing the Fourth Republic of South Korea .
Aster Società Italiana Motori was an Italian manufacturer of automobiles from 1906 - 1908 .
The Union of Populars ( Greek : Ένωσις Λαϊκών ) was a coalition of Greek right - wing political parties for the elections of 1958 .
Founded on December 6 , 1929 , by Leroy Grumman and partners , its independent existence ended in 1994 when it was acquired by Northrop Corporation to form Northrop Grumman .
S.C.A.P. ( Société de Construction Automobile Parisienne ) was a French manufacturer of cars and proprietary engines , existing between 1912 and 1929 .
The Bornu Empire ( 1380 - -1893 ) was a state of what is now northeastern Nigeria from 1380 to 1893 .
Moscow Governorate ( Russian : Московская губерния ; pre - reform Russian : Московская губернiя ) , or the Government of Moscow , was an administrative division ( a guberniya ) of the Tsardom of Russia , the Russian Empire , and the Russian SFSR , which existed in 1708 - -1929 .
Hafslund Nycomed is a defunct company that existed between 1986 and 1996 after the power and industry company Hafslund had bought the pharmaceutical company Nycomed .
Since discontinuing all scheduled service in May 2008 , North American Airlines continued to operate until 2014 as solely a charter airline .
The State of the Presidi ( Italian Stato dei Presidi , meaning `` state of the garrisons '' ) was a small state ( 300 km2 ) in Italy between 1557 and 1801 .
The Königsberg Public Library was destroyed in August 1944 during the Bombing of Königsberg in World War II .
Southern Han ( simplified Chinese : 南汉 ; traditional Chinese : 南漢 ; pinyin : Nán Hàn ) was a kingdom that existed during the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period ( 907 - 960 ) along China 's southern coast from 917 to 971 .
From 1 July 2015 , the Department of Immigration and Border Protection and the Australian Customs and Border Protection Service were consolidated into a single Department of Immigration and Border Protection .
The Prince - Bishopric of Hildesheim ( German : Hochstift Hildesheim ) was a state of the Holy Roman Empire from the Middle Ages until 1803 .
The Pahlavi dynasty ( Persian : دودمان پهلوی‎‎ ) was the ruling house of Iran from 1925 until 1979 , when the monarchy was overthrown and abolished as a result of the Iranian Revolution .
PC Bruno was a Polish - French signals intelligence station near Paris during World War II , from October 1939 until June 1940 .
Amp'd Mobile was a mobile phone service launched in the United States in late 2005 , and in Canada in early 2007 .
On February 1 , 2006 , the Filene's / Kaufmann 's organization was dissolved and the management of its stores was assumed by Macy 's East and the new Macy 's Midwest .
On 10 February 2015 , RapidShare announced on its home page that it would shut down its services permanently on 31 March 2015 .
In 1998 , Synon was acquired by Sterling Software of Plano , Texas .
Alenia Aeronautica was created in 1990 by concentrating the Finmeccanica aerospace and defense industries Aeritalia and Selenia .
The Janoir was a French automobile manufactured from 1921 until 1922 by a motorcycle and sidecar company in Saint - Ouen .
The Polish Academy of Literature ( Polish : Polska Akademia Literatury , PAL ) was one of the most important state institutions of literary life in the Second Polish Republic , operating between 1933 - -1939 with the headquarters in Warsaw .
Vesy ( Russian : Весы́ ; English : The Balance or The Scales ) was a Russian symbolist magazine published in Moscow from 1904 to 1909 , with the financial backing of philanthropist S. A. Polyakov .
The International Marxist Group ( IMG ) was a Trotskyist group in Britain between 1968 and 1982 .
The Michel Irat was a French automobile manufactured from 1929 until 1930 in Paris .
Confederate Arizona was a territory claimed by the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War , between 1861 and 1865 .
The Woermann - Linie was a German shipping company that operated from 1885 to 1941 .
Chimor ( also Kingdom of Chimor ) was the political grouping of the Chimú culture that ruled the northern coast of Peru , beginning around 850 and ending around 1470 .
Lechmere ( /ˈliːtʃmɪər/ ; sometimes described as Lechmere 's ) was a New England retail store that closed in 1997 .
Infinity Broadcasting Corporation was a radio company that existed from 1972 until 2005 .
Weingarten Abbey or St. Martin 's Abbey ( German : Reichsabtei Weingarten until 1803 , then merely Abtei Weingarten ) is a Benedictine monastery on the Martinsberg ( St. Martin 's Mount ) in Weingarten near Ravensburg in Baden - Württemberg ( Germany ) .
On 31 March 1924 the assets and operations of Handley Page Transport were merged with three other British airlines to found Imperial Airways .
Joseph Bell DeRemer was born in New Jersey on September 14 , 1871 and studied one year at Columbia University .
Born in Arrah on 4 March 1881 , Rivers Berney Worgan was educated at Bedford School and at the Royal Military College , Sandhurst .
The Art Guys have worked together since 1983 after meeting while students at the University of Houston .
Travis Nicklaw ( born December 21 , 1993 ) is an American - born Guamanian international footballer who plays D1 soccer for San Diego State University in the Pac-12 Conference and for FC Tucson in the USL Premier Development League .
Erica Yuen graduated from St. Stephen 's College , Hong Kong in 1997 , and she continued her education at Tufts University in Massachusetts , and graduated summa cum laude .
Lothar Ledderose ( born July 12 , 1942 in Munich ) is a German professor of the History of Art of Eastern Asia at the University of Heidelberg .
Bill Nichols is Professor Emeritus in the Cinema Department at San Francisco State University and Chair of the Documentary Film Institute advisory board .
Sarah Cullen ( 6 October 1949 -- 22 January 2012 ) was a British radio and television journalist who worked for ITN , as well as BBC Radio 4 's Today programme .
Rim Turkmani is a Syrian - born astrophysicist at Imperial College London and Dorothy Hodgkin Research Fellow of the Royal Society .
Anne Fausto - Sterling ( born July 30 , 1944 ) is the Nancy Duke Lewis Professor of Biology and Gender Studies at Brown University .
Claudia Cohen was the daughter of businessman Robert B. Cohen , the founder of Hudson News and the president of the Hudson County News Company , a magazine wholesaler , and his wife , Harriet ( née Brandwein ) .
Hatshepsut was the daughter of Thutmose I and his primary wife Ahmes .
Przemysł II was the fifth child and only son of Duke Przemysł I of Greater Poland and his wife Elisabeth , daughter of Duke Henry II the Pious of Silesia .
Lady Agnes Campbell ( 1526 - -1601 ) was the daughter of Colin Campbell , 3rd Earl of Argyll and his wife Lady Jean Gordon .
John Sherman was born in Lancaster , Ohio , May 10 , 1823 , to Charles Robert Sherman and his wife , Mary Hoyt Sherman , the eighth of their eleven children .
Æthelswith ( c. 838 - 888 ) was the only known daughter of King Æthelwulf of Wessex .
David Wallechinsky was born David Wallace in Los Angeles to a Jewish family , the son of writer Sylvia Kahn and the author and screenwriter Irving Wallace .
Mithridates I Callinicus ( Greek : Μιθριδάτης ὀ Кαλλίνικος ) was a king of Orontid Armenian descent who lived between 2nd century BC and 1st century BC . Mithridates was a prince , the son and successor of King of Commagene , Sames II Theosebes Dikaios .
Born in New York City , Guy Wildenstein is the son of Daniel Wildenstein , an art dealer , race horse owner and breeder in France .
Francesco da Sangallo ( 1494 - -1576 ) was an Italian High Renaissance sculptor , the son of the architect and sculptor Giuliano da Sangallo .
Immaculately bred , Tompion was the son of the Hall of Fame horse Tom Fool .
A native of Stockholm , Jan Molander was the son of actor / director Gustaf Molander and Elsa Fahlberg and the half - brother of director and producer Harald Molander from his father 's first marriage to actress Karin Molander .
Sebastián Marroquín ( born Juan Pablo Escobar in 1977 , Medellín , Colombia ) is a Colombian architect , author , and the son of Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar .
John Churchill , Marquess of Blandford ( 13 February 1686 -- 20 February 1703 ) ( sometimes called Charles Churchill ) was the heir apparent to the Dukedom of Marlborough -- as the only surviving son of John Churchill , 1st Duke of Marlborough , an accomplished general , and Sarah Jennings , a close friend of Queen Anne .
In the books , Maedhros was the first son of Fëanor , the creator of the Silmarils that were essential to the plot and the history of Middle - earth .
Rapid Redux ( foaled in Kentucky on February 24 , 2006 ) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse by Pleasantly Perfect out of the mare Thiscatsforcaryl by Storm Cat .
After his father Eriba - Adad I ( 1392 - 1366 BC ) had broken Mitanni influence over Assyria , Ashur - uballit I 's defeat of the Mitanni king Shuttarna II marks Assyria 's ascendancy over the Hurri - Mitanni Empire , and the beginning of its emergence as a powerful empire .
Sir Hercules was by the great sire Whalebone , winner of the Epsom Derby , out of Peri ( 1822 ) by Wanderer .
Wild Again ( foaled May 22 , 1980 in Kentucky -- December 5 , 2008 ) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse by Icecapade out of Bushel - N - Peck ( by Khaled ) .
Antoine Gustave Droz ( June 9 , 1832 -- October 22 , 1895 ) , author , French man of letters and son of the sculptor Jules - Antoine Droz ( 1807 - -1872 ) , was born in Paris .
Shreemant Chimaji Ballal Peshwa ( aka Chimaji Appa ) ( Marathi : चिमाजी अप्पा ) ( 1707 - -1740 ) was the son of Balaji Vishwanath Bhat and the younger brother of Bajirao Peshwa of Maratha Empire .
Peter , Hereditary Prince of Yugoslavia ( born 5 February 1980 in Chicago , Illinois , United States ) , also known as Petar III Karađorđević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Петар III Карађорђевић ) , is the eldest son of Alexander , Crown Prince of Yugoslavia and Princess Maria da Gloria of Orléans Bragança .
Lord Augustus FitzClarence ( 1 March 1805 -- 14 June 1854 ) , was the youngest illegitimate son of William IV of the United Kingdom and his long - time mistress Dorothea Jordan .
Raymond Postgate was born in Cambridge , the eldest son of John Percival Postgate and Edith Allen , Postgate was educated at St John 's College , Oxford where , despite being sent down for a period because of his pacifism , he gained a First in Honours Moderations in 1917 .
Moon Ballad 's sire was the very talented international winner Singspiel who won G-1 events in England , Canada , Japan , and the Dubai World Cup .
Robert Spencer , 4th Earl of Sunderland ( 24 October 1701 -- 15 September 1729 ) was a British peer from the Spencer family , the son of the Whig politician , Charles Spencer , 3rd Earl of Sunderland .
Albert II of Gorizia ( German : Albrecht II . , Graf von Görz ) was a son of Count Albert I of Gorizia and his wife , Euphemia of Silesia - Glogau .
Lady Anne Brandon , Baroness Grey of Powys ( c. 1507 -- January 1558 ) was an English noblewoman , and the eldest daughter of Charles Brandon , 1st Duke of Suffolk by his second wife , Anne Browne .
William Cavendish , 3rd Duke of Devonshire , KG , PC ( 26 September 1698 -- 5 December 1755 ) was a British nobleman and Whig politician , the son of William Cavendish , 2nd Duke of Devonshire and the Hon . Rachel Russell .
Vikramaditya II ( reigned 733 -- 744 CE ) was the son of King Vijayaditya and ascended the Badami Chalukya throne following the death of his father .
William of Aumelas ( or Omelas ) was the second son of William V of Montpellier and of Ermessende , daughter of count Peter of Melgueil .
Secrettame was a daughter of the great Triple Crown winner Secretariat .
Henry Harris Lines ( 1800/01 - 1889 ) was a landscape artist and archaeologist , and the eldest son of Birmingham artist and drawing master Samuel Lines ( 1778 - -1863 ) .
John Lapus is son of showbiz columnist , the late Jojo Lapus ( 1943 - -2007 ) .
William Frederick , Prince of Wied ( German : Wilhelm Friedrich Hermann Otto Karl Fürst von Wied ; 27 June 1872 -- 18 June 1945 ) was a German nobleman , eldest child of William , Prince of Wied .
Henry of Austria , known as Henry the Friendly ( 15 May 1299 - 3 February 1327 ) was the son of King Albert I of Germany and Elisabeth of Gorizia - Tyrol .
Benjamin Gonson ( c.1525 - -1577 ) was the son of William Gonson and was a surveyor for the English Royal Navy .
Jay Catherwood Hormel ( September 11 , 1892 -- August 30 , 1954 ) was the son of George A. Hormel , founder of Hormel Foods , and was head of the company from 1929 to 1954 .
Elizabeth de Vere ( died 14 or 16 August 1375 ) was the daughter of John de Vere , 7th Earl of Oxford and Maud de Badlesmere , and the wife of Sir Hugh Courtenay ( died c. 1348 ) , then John de Mowbray , 3rd Baron Mowbray , and then Sir William de Cossington .
Rodoald ( or Rodwald ) , ( c. 637 -- 653 ) was a Lombard king of Italy , who succeeded his father Rothari on the throne in 652 .
Cao Xiong ( birth and death dates unknown ) was a son of Cao Cao , a warlord who rose to power towards the end of the Han dynasty and laid the foundation of the state of Cao Wei in the Three Kingdoms period .
Kalaglow was a grey horse , standing just over 16 hands high , sired by Kalamoun ( winner of the Poule d'Essai des Poulains and the Prix Jacques le Marois ) out of the mare Rossitor .
Elisabeth of Wrocław ( Polish : Elżbieta wrocławska ) ( c. 1232 -- 16 January 1265 ) , also known as Elisabeth of Poland , was a daughter of Henry II the Pious and his wife , Anna of Bohemia .
Yuan Tan ( died 205 ) , courtesy name Xiansi , was the eldest son of Yuan Shao , a warlord who occupied much of northern China in the late Eastern Han Dynasty .
Francis Bacon was born on 22 January 1561 at York House near the Strand in London , the son of Sir Nicholas Bacon by his second wife , Anne ( Cooke ) Bacon , the daughter of the noted humanist Anthony Cooke .
Elisabeth - Anne de Massy ( Noghès ) was born in Monaco on 13 January/13 July 1947 to Princess Antoinette of Monaco and her then lover Alexandre - Athenase Noghès .
Hunald ( also known as Hunoald , Hunuald , Chunoald , Chunold , Hunold , or Hunaud ) , Duke of Aquitaine and Count of Toulouse ( 735 - -744 or 748 ) , succeeded his father Odo the Great in 735 .
Born in Kalamazoo , Michigan to Lorenzo Brentano and his wife Caroline , Theodore Brentano was educated in Chicago , Dresden and Zurich .
Leo Müller ( from 1938 Miler ; 1894 - -1941 ) was Croatian industrialist , entrepreneur , philanthropist and second son of well known Croatian industrialist Adolf Müller .
Adèle of Dreux ( 1145 -- aft . 1210 ) was a member of Norman French nobility , daughter of Robert I , Count of Dreux and his second wife Hawise of Salisbury .
She was one of two classic winners sired by Kris the leading British miler of 1979 : the chestnut Oh So Sharp came from his first crop of foals .
Sired by Dixieland Band , a son of Northern Dancer , Del Mar Dennis was out of the mare , Party Bonnet .
Prince Heinrich VIII Reuss of Köstritz ( German : Heinrich VIII Prinz Reuß zu Köstritz ; born 30 August 1944 ) is a son of Prince Heinrich I Reuss of Köstritz , and is a member of the House of Reuss .
Odd Nansen was the son of the scientist and explorer Fridtjof Nansen and was raised at Lysaker outside of Oslo .
Gaston de Gerlache was the son of Adrien de Gerlache and followed in the tracks of his father by leading the second Belgian expedition to Antarctica in 1957 - 1958 , 60 years after his father led the 1897 - 1899 Belgian Antarctic Expedition with the ship Belgica .
Sa'ad bin Osama bin Muhammad bin ' Awad bin Laden ( Arabic : سعد بن أسامة بن محمد بن عوض بن لادن‎ ; 1979 -- July 2009 ) , better known as Saad bin Laden , was one of Osama bin Laden 's sons .
Barbara Berlusconi ( born 30 July 1984 ) is one of the daughters of Silvio Berlusconi .
Agnes of Rochlitz ( died 1195 ) came from the Wettin family and was daughter of Dedi III , Margrave of Lusatia and his wife , Matilda of Heinsburg .
Anselperga was the eldest daughter of Desiderius , King of the Lombards , and Ansa .
Sir Whitmore Acton , 4th Baronet ( c. 1677 - 17 January 1731/32 ) was the son of Sir Edward Acton , 3rd Baronet .
John Romita Jr. is the son of Virginia and comic - book artist John Romita Sr . , one of the signature Spider - Man artists since the 1960s .
Royal Charger was a chestnut horse sired by the important stallion Nearco .
Roger I Trencavel ( died 1150 ) was the eldest son of Bernard Ato IV , Viscount of Albi , Agde , Béziers , Carcassonne , Nîmes , and Razès .
Wahb ibn Umayr was the son of Umayr ibn Wahb .
Winkipop was sired by William the Third , a good racehorse and sire that was second to Volodyovski in the 1901 Derby and won the 1902 Ascot Gold Cup .
Edward John Chalmers Morton ( 1856 -- 3 October 1902 ) , known as E. J. C. Morton , was a British barrister and Liberal Party politician who sat in the House of Commons as a Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Devonport from 1892 until his death .
Igor Yaroslavich was one of the younger sons of Yaroslav the Wise from the Rurikid dynasty of Kievan Rus '' .
Double Trigger was bred in Ireland , a son of the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes winner Ela - Mana - Mou .
Charlotta Arfwedson was the daughter of the merchant Carl Kristoffer Arfwedson and Katarina Charlotta von Langenberg .
George Talbot , 4th Earl of Shrewsbury , 4th Earl of Waterford , KG , KB , PC ( c. 1468 -- 26 July 1538 ) was the son of John Talbot , 3rd Earl of Shrewsbury , and Lady Catherine Stafford , daughter of the 1st Duke of Buckingham .
Ceredig ap Cunedda ( died 453 ) , king of Ceredigion , may have been born c. 420 in the Brythonic kingdom of Manaw Gododdin ( modern Lothian in Scotland ) , centred on the Firth of Forth in the area known as Yr Hen Ogledd .
Paul Leo was the youngest son of the Classical Philologist Friedrich Leo ( 1851 - 1914 ) and Cécile Leo née Hensel ( 1858 - 1928 ) .
Araros ( Greek : Ἀραρὼς ) , son of Aristophanes , born in 387 BCE , was an Athenian comic poet of the Middle Comedy .
Nicola Bulgari was born in Rome in 1941 , the third son of Giorgio Bulgari ( 1890 - 1966 ) .
Juqu Anzhou succeeded Juqu Wuhui after Juqu Wuhui 's death in 444 , and he continued to use the title of Prince of Hexi , a title used by his brothers and previously by his father Juqu Mengxun ( Prince Wuxuan ) .
Henry Willoughby , 6th Baron Middleton ( 24 April 1761 -- 19 June 1835 ) was an English nobleman , the only son of Henry Willoughby , 5th Baron Middleton .
Ravi Coltrane is the son of saxophonist John Coltrane and jazz pianist Alice Coltrane .
Dieter Burdenski is the son of Herbert Burdenski ( 1922 - -2001 ) , who was a German international himself .
Bred by Darby Dan Farm owner John W. Galbreath who owned his dam , Outward Sunshine , and his damsire , Graustark , Sunshine Forever was sired by Galbreath 's 1972 Epsom Derby winner , Roberto .
John de Vere , 16th Earl of Oxford ( 1516 -- 3 August 1562 ) was born to John de Vere , 15th Earl of Oxford and Elizabeth Trussell , daughter of Edward Trussell .
Itzcoatl was an illegitimate son of tlàtoāni Acamapichtli and an unknown Tepanec princess .
Si Votha was a grandson of King Ang Eng ( 1772 - -1796 ) and a son of King Ang Duong .
Serdar Denktaş ( in English often spelled Serdar Denktash ) is the one surviving son of Rauf Denktaş , the former President of the de facto Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus .
DigiPen Institute of Technology was founded in 1988 by Claude Comair in Vancouver , B.C. , Canada as DigiPen Corporation , a computer simulation and animation company .
BaseN was founded in 2001 by Pasi Hurri ( President and CEO ) together with of network professionals who have been developing Internet and IP technologies for the last two decades , both in industry and service provider world .
Over the years their original music has been produced by Dream Rockwell , Rick Alick and Super Tall Pall of Helios Jive , Chris Komashko , KRADDY , Atla Gadret , Metaphase , Nikita Sorkin , David Block , Stephan Jacobs , Maggie Lally , all under the collective Lucent Dossier Experience .
The Global Country of World Peace ( GCWP ) was inaugurated by Maharishi Mahesh Yogi , the founder of Transcendental Meditation , on October 7 , 2000 .
BritBangla was founded by Taryn Khanam and Shirin Hussain .
Ingenious Media is a UK media investment and advisory group founded in 1998 by Patrick McKenna who is its Chief Executive Officer .
During the summer of 1981 , Walter Day , founder of Twin Galaxies incorporated , visited more than 100 video game arcades over four months , recording the high scores that he found on each game .
The Order of Friars Minor Conventual ( OFMConv ) , is a branch of the order of Catholic Friars founded by Saint Francis of Assisi in 1209 .
Students for the Exploration and Development of Space was founded in 1980 at MIT by Peter Diamandis , Princeton University by Scott Scharfman , and Yale University by Richard Sorkin , and consists of an international group of high school , undergraduate , and graduate students from a diverse range of educational backgrounds who are working to promote space .
The French Academy of Sciences ( French : Académie des sciences ) is a learned society , founded in 1666 by Louis XIV at the suggestion of Jean - Baptiste Colbert , to encourage and protect the spirit of French scientific research .
GroupLens Research , a research lab in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at the University of Minnesota , created MovieLens in 1997 to gather research data on personalized recommendations .
MindSpring was founded on February 1 , 1994 , by Charles Brewer in Atlanta , Georgia .
By branding himself as `` Colonel Sanders '' , Harland became a prominent figure of American cultural history , and his image remains widely used in KFC advertising .
Passion Conferences is a Christian organization ( also referred to as the 268 Generation , originally named Choice Ministries ) , founded by Louie Giglio in 1997 , known for their annual gatherings of young adults between the ages of 18 - -25 , more specifically college students .
Meccano is a model construction system created in Liverpool , United Kingdom , by Frank Hornby .
Sher Shah Suri ( 1486 -- 22 May 1545)(Pashto : شېر شاه سوري‎ ) was the founder of the Sur Empire in North India , with its capital at Delhi .
It was founded by Berry Gordy , Jr. as Tamla Records on January 12 , 1959 , and incorporated as Motown Record Corporation on April 14 , 1960 , in Detroit , Michigan .
Creative Playthings was an educational toy store and catalogue that was established by Frank and Theresa Caplan in 1945 .
The Behemoth is a video game development company that was created in 2003 by John Baez , artist Dan Paladin ( aka Synj ) , and programmers Tom Fulp ( the creator of the popular Newgrounds Flash website ) , Brandon LaCava , and Nick Dryburgh .
The Institute for Humane Studies was founded in 1961 in Menlo Park , California by F. A. Harper in order to promote peace , prosperity , and social harmony by fostering a greater understanding of human affairs and freedom .
The Hogarth Press was a British publishing house founded in 1917 by Leonard Woolf and Virginia Woolf .
U2 Clothing was a casual - wear clothing brand founded by Michael Tien in 1980 in Hong Kong .
The founders of StopBadware.org were John Palfrey , then Executive Director of the Berkman Center , and Jonathan Zittrain , then at the Oxford Internet Institute .
Planet Moon Studios was a game development studio based in San Francisco , California founded by ex - Shiny Entertainment developers Nick Bruty ( President ) and Bob Stevenson ( CEO ) in 1997 .
In the 8 April 2010 parliamentary election in which the United People 's Freedom Alliance alliance led by President Rajapaksa retained power , the Tamil National People 's Front led by Gajendrakumar Ponnambalam won 0.09 % of the popular vote and no seats in the Sri Lankan parliament .
Cognifit was founded in 1999 by Professor Shlomo Breznitz .
Although liver disease is among the ten major causes of death in the United States , there was no national voluntary health agency devoted exclusively to combating liver diseases until 1976 , when the American Liver Foundation was created by the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases ( AASLD ) .
Coty , Inc. , is an American beauty products manufacturer based in New York founded in Paris , France , by François Coty in 1904 .
North Sails was founded in 1957 by Lowell North , in San Diego , California .
Iron Lore Entertainment was a video game developer that was founded in October 2000 by Brian Sullivan and Paul Chieffo .
Skye Records was a music label formed in early 1968 by vibist Cal Tjader , guitarist Gábor Szabó , composer / musician Gary McFarland , and music executive Norman Schwartz .
The Fungus Federation of Santa Cruz ( FFSC ) is a North American mycological club that evolved as a result of David Arora 's mushroom classes and early Fungus Fairs in the Santa Cruz , California area in the 1970 's .
Alfred Nobel , Alfred Nobel 's Will The executors of his will were Ragnar Sohlman and Rudolf Lilljequist who formed the Nobel Foundation to take care of Nobel 's fortune and organize the prizes .
Turner Entertainment Company , Inc. ( commonly known as Turner Entertainment Co. ) is a media company founded by Ted Turner .
During Dental school , Neilesh Patel said he spent many `` pizza nights '' -- subsisting on pizza and pulling all - nighters teaching himself how to program and build a Web site , which became the backbone of HealthCare Volunteer .
The day was officially declared by the United Nations in November 2009 , with the first UN Mandela Day held on 18 July 2010 .
Headquartered in San Francisco , California with offices in Amsterdam , Netherlands , Optimizely was founded in 2010 by Dan Siroker and Pete Koomen , both formerly of Google .
L'Arpeggiata is a European early music group led by Christina Pluhar , and founded by her in 2000 .
Bigfoot Entertainment was founded in 2002 by German entrepreneur Michael Gleissner to finance and develop feature films , documentaries , and reality TV shows .
Rising Son Records is an independent record label founded in 1983 by Arlo Guthrie .
Virgin Megastores is an international entertainment retailing chain , originally founded by Sir Richard Branson as a record shop on London 's Oxford Street in early 1976 .
Winn - Dixie Stores , Inc. is an American supermarket chain based in Jacksonville , Florida .
Incubated out of Indian Institute of Technology , Bombay , Lucideus is now headquartered in New Delhi and continues to have its research and innovation lab located at the computer science department of IIT Bombay .
PFSweb 's corporate headquarters were relocated to Allen , Texas in March 2012 with call center operations moved to downtown Dallas , Texas .
Established in Las Vegas in 1959 , Nevada State Bank has 49 branches in 20 communities across the state , and employs more than 800 people .
Comau ( COnsorzio MAcchine Utensili ) is an Italian multinational company based in Turin , Italy and is part of the Fiat Group .
Kal Tire is a wholly owned Canadian company based in Vernon , British Columbia , where it was originally founded in 1953 by Thomas J. Foord OBC and Jim Lochhead .
Limtex is an Indian multinational company , headquartered in Kolkata , West Bengal , India and a subsidiary of Limtex Group .
Qualtrics is a private research software company , based in Provo , Utah .
Catalyst Paper Corporation is a pulp and paper company based in the Canadian city of Richmond , British Columbia .
Jebel Ali Free Zone ( Jafza ; Arabic : المنطقة الحرّة لجبل علي al - Munṭaqa al - Ḥurra le Jabal ʿAlī ) is a free economic zone located in the Jebel Ali area at the far western end of Dubai , United Arab Emirates , near Abu Dhabi .
International Energy Mining Industry Limited ( simplified Chinese : 国际能源矿业公司 ; traditional Chinese : 國際能源礦業公司 ) ( short form : IEM ) registered in Hong Kong in 2004 .
Attachmate , founded in 1982 by Frank W. Pritt and Julia Pritt focused initially on the IBM terminal emulation market , and became a major technology employer in the Seattle area .
Primrose Schools is a family of accredited , early childhood education providers headquartered in Acworth , Georgia .
The Federal Convention of Namibia ( FCN ) was a political party based in Rehoboth , Namibia .
Bayliner facilities are located in Knoxville , Tennessee , Dandridge , Tennessee and Arlington , Washington , in the United States;and in Reynosa , Tamaulipas , in Mexico .
The Federal Office of Administration ( German : Bundesverwaltungsamt , BVA ) is an agency of the Federal Ministry of the Interior , headquartered in Cologne .
Florida Ice and Farm Company S.A. ( abbreviated as FIFCO ) is a Costa Rican food and beverages company headquartered in the province of Heredia , Costa Rica .
Superior Software was established in 1982 by Richard Hanson and John Dyson , two graduates of the University of Leeds , England .
In 1999 , it was demutualised and the company listed on the London , Johannesburg , Zimbabwe , Malawi and Namibian Stock Exchanges as Old Mutual .
App Annie is a business intelligence company and analyst firm headquartered in San Francisco , California .
Novarama Technology is a Spanish video game developer based in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
Mr . Goodliving Ltd. was a Finnish video game developer and a video game publisher based in Helsinki , Finland .
Polski Cukier ( actually : Krajowa Spółka Cukrowa Spółka Akcyjna , abbreviated to KSC Polski Cukier S.A. , literally : Polish Sugar ) - founded in August 2002 after the consortium with the headquarters in Toruń .
Baristas Corporation is an American costume coffee company and coffeehouse chain based in Seattle , Washington .
Calumet Motorsports is an American aircraft parts manufacturer and former aircraft manufacturer based in Lansing , Illinois and founded by Tom Milton .
Senvion maintain their global operating headquarters and administrative centre at Hamburg .
Corma Inc. is a manufacturer of corrugated plastic pipe production systems headquartered near Toronto , Canada .
Established in 1957 by Roberto Perlini , Perlini is based in San Bonifacio .
BellSouth Telecommunications / AT&T Southeast regional headquarters are located in the AT&T Midtown Center building in Atlanta , Georgia .
In 1998 , Trico then moved their head office from Buffalo to Rochester Hills .
Eurofly was a privately owned airline based in Milan , Italy .
Synthes Holding AG ( formerly Synthes - Stratec ) is a multinational medical device manufacturer based in Solothurn , Switzerland and West Chester , Pennsylvania , United States .
Ivanhoe Mines Ltd. ( formerly Ivanplats Limited ) is a Canadian mineral exploration and development company headquartered in Vancouver , British Columbia .
Shoe Show , Inc. is an American footwear retailer based in Concord , North Carolina .
Kelly & Birchall , a partnership between Edward Birchall ( 1839 - -6 March 1903 ) and John Kelly ( 1840 - -1904 ) , was an architectural practice based in Leeds , England , from 1886 to 1904 and specialising in churches in the Italianate and Gothic Revival styles .
Fan Death Records is an independent record label currently based out of Baltimore , Maryland , and Montreal , Quebec .
Bullyland AG is a manufacturing company founded in 1973 and based in Spraitbach , Germany , known worldwide as a manufacturer of hand - painted collectors ' models and figurines .
China Huiyuan Juice Group Limited ( Chinese : 中国汇源果汁集团有限公司 ; pinyin : Zhōngguó Huìyuán Guǒzhī Jítuán Yǒuxiàn Gōngsī ) ( SEHK : 1886 ) , established in 1992 and headquartered in Beijing , is the largest privately owned juice producer in China .
Briazz was a Seattle based sandwich restaurant chain founded in 1995 .
The Interfax - Ukraine News Agency ( Ukrainian : Інтерфакс-Україна ) is a Kiev - based Ukrainian news agency founded in 1992 , the company belongs to the Russian news group Interfax Information Services .
Dongfeng Yulon Motor Co. , Ltd. ( Dongfeng Yulon ) is an automobile manufacturing company headquartered in Hangzhou , China and a 50:50 joint venture between the Chinese automaker Dongfeng Motor and the Taiwanese automaker Yulon Motor .
GERB is headed by Prime Minister of Bulgaria Boyko Borisov , former mayor of Sofia and former member of the National Movement Simeon II . The establishment of the party followed the creation of a non - profit organization with the acronym ( in Bulgarian ) GERB --
StrataCom was founded in Cupertino , California , USA , in January 1986 , by 26 former employees of the failing Packet Technologies , Inc. StrataCom produced the first commercial cell switch , also known as a fast - packet switch .
HomeSense is a chain of off - price home furnishing stores operated by TJX Companies with stores in Canada and Europe .
Hollinger Inc. was a Canadian media company based in Toronto started by Conrad Black .
Tokio Millennium Re Ltd. ( abbreviated as TMR ) is a reinsurance company headquartered in Hamilton , Bermuda with branches in Zurich , Switzerland and Sydney , Australia .
ARVA Energetika is a Russian energy corporation headquartered in London , England .
Advocacy for Respect for Cyclists ( ARC ) is a Toronto advocacy group formed in 1996 .
Clustrix , Inc. is a San Francisco - based company that develops a NewSQL Database .
Headquartered in St. Louis , Missouri , XTRA Lease is the largest over - the - road trailer rental and leasing company in the United States .
Capstone Software was a subsidiary of IntraCorp , a Miami - based computer and video game company .
Cranford Historical Preservation Advisory Board was established on December 28 , 1993 by the Township of Cranford , New Jersey , USA to identify and preserve buildings of historic significance .
Hexaware Technologies Limited ( HTL ) ( BSE : 532129 , NSE : HEXT ) is an information technology and business process outsourcing service provider company based in Navi Mumbai , India .
Zag Bank ( formerly Bank West ) is a chartered bank that was founded in High River , Alberta in 2002 .
Garfinckel , Brooks Brothers , Miller & Rhoads , Inc. was a Washington , D.C .- based national retail conglomerate that existed from 1967 to 1981 .
Pixel Qi Corporation ( pronounced Pixel `` Chi '' ) was an American company involved in the research of low - power computer display technology , based in San Bruno , California .
Chandrani Pearls 's headquarters is at Kolkata in West Bengal .
Bussen Trafikkselskap was a Norwegian bus company that operated the yellow city bus in Kristiansand and surrounding areas Vennesla , Søgne and Songdalen .
Burmeister & Wain was a large established Danish shipyard and leading diesel engine producer headquartered in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Before Snapplify were two years into business they had won a start - up Entrepreneurial competition known as Launch Cape Town , a global start - up competition .
Information Control Company ( formerly Information Control Corporation ) headquartered in Columbus , Ohio , United States , is the largest Ohio - owned IT consulting company .
Penmans is a Toronto , Canada - based clothing manufacturer .
Kleinhans , formally The Kleinhans Company , was a high - end men 's clothing store located in Buffalo , New York .
New Heritage Theatre Group ( NHTG ) is the oldest black nonprofit theater company in New York City , established in 1964 .
Arri was founded in Munich , Germany as Arnold & Richter Cine Technik in 1917 , named after founders August Arnold and Robert Richter .
Packaging Corporation of America ( NYSE : PKG ) is an American manufacturing company based in Lake Forest , Illinois .
Tangerine Confectionery is a British confectionery company with its headquarters in Blackpool , Lancashire .
The Autopoint Company was a manufacturer of pencils and desk top accessories in Chicago for about 50 years from the 1920s to around 1970 .
The Vollrath Company is an American company based in Sheboygan , Wisconsin that manufactures stainless steel and aluminum small - wares and equipment , and deep draw stainless steel .
Arkell 's Brewery was established in Swindon , England in 1843 , and has been owned by members of the Arkell family since its establishment .
Niscayah was a security - systems company based in Stockholm , Sweden , active in 17 countries and first listed at Nasdaq OMX Stockholm , Mid Cap , when it was distributed to the shareholders of Securitas AB in 2006 , under the name of Securitas Systems .
Propellerhead Software is a music software company , based in Stockholm , Sweden , and founded in 1994 .
Early Winters , Ltd. of Seattle , Washington , USA was founded in 1972 by William S. Nicolai , who formed the company after creating a tent called the Omnipotent .
British Waterways operated from headquarters in Watford , with additional administrative offices in Leeds and thirteen regional waterway offices .
Think Mutual Bank is an American mutual bank based out of Rochester , Minnesota .
Italia Marittima S.p . A. , from 1919 until 2006 called Lloyd Triestino , originally founded as Österreichischer Lloyd , is a shipping company with its head office in Trieste , Italy , and run by Evergreen Marine Corporation .
Wiggle Ltd is an online retailer of cycle , run , swim and triathlon products , based in Portsmouth , Great Britain .
Liberty Safe and Security Products , Inc. ( `` Liberty Safe '' ) is a residential and commercial safe manufacturer located in Payson , Utah , USA .
Hallmark Business Expressions is a subsidiary of Hallmark Cards , headquartered in Kansas City , Missouri .
Ball Stores was a Muncie , Indiana based department store chain founded in November 1934 .
Stemco ( from `` Specialized Truck Equipment Manufacturing Company '' ) is a Longview , TX , based company that manufactures and distributes products for the global commercial vehicle market .
Shaw Wallace & Company Limited , abbreviated to SWC , was an Indian liquor manufacturer headquartered in the Wallace House in Kolkata , West Bengal .
Chester Barrie is a semi - bespoke gentleman 's tailor located at No19 Savile Row , London .
The Builders of the Adytum ( B.O.T.A. ) is a school of the Western mystery tradition based in Los Angeles which is registered as a non - profit tax - exempt religious organization .
The Coalition of Socialist Forces ( CSF ) ( Arabic : تحالف القوى الاشتراكية ) is a coalition of five socialist and left - wing groups in Egypt formed on 10 May 2011 .
Crittall Windows Ltd is a notable English manufacturer of steel - framed windows , today based in Witham , Essex , close to its historic roots in the county .
Brodosplit is the Croatian largest shipyard , located in the Supaval bay , on the north side of the Split peninsula .
Otto 's Pub & Brewery is a brewpub in State College , Pennsylvania , USA .
In 2011 , Sefaira won the Green Building Innovation of the Year award at London 's Ecobuild .
FaceRecog Asia is a data analytics company headquartered in Singapore .
Bloodshot Records is an independent record label based in Chicago , Illinois that specializes in roots - infused indie rock , punk rock , and alternative country .
Quadrangle Development Corporation is a privately held , vertically integrated real estate development company based in Washington , D.C. , in the United States .
Headquartered in Imperial Beach , California , in 2007 Wildcoast established a Mexican division , Costasalvaje A.C. in Tijuana to manage its conservation programs in Latin America .
Kingfisher plc is a British multinational retailing company headquartered in London .
With headquarters in Oslo , Norway , STX Europe operated 15 shipyards in Brazil , Finland , France , Norway , Romania and Vietnam .
The Usedomer Bäderbahn ( UBB ) with its head office in Heringsdorf , northeastern Germany , is a 100 percent - owned subsidiary of the German national railway , Deutsche Bahn and the owner and operator of the railway network on the island of Usedom as well as the Züssow--
The Santax was a French automobile manufactured by Cyclecars Le Santax of Paris from 1920 until 1927 .
Red Redemption was a serious game developer based in Oxford , UK .
Michigan State University Federal Credit Union or MSUFCU , headquartered in East Lansing , Michigan , is the largest university - based credit union in the world in membership and asset size .
The roots of Applied Biosystems trace back to GeneCo ( Genetic Systems Company ) , a pioneer biotechnology company founded in 1981 in Foster City , California .
In April 2000 Freight Australia began hauling export grain from southern New South Wales to Melbourne and Port Kembla .
The Movement for Justice and Development in Syria ( Arabic : حركة العدالة والبناء في سورية‎ Ḥarakat Al-'Idalat Wal - Bana'a fi Suriyah ) is a political party and movement founded in the year 2006 and based in London , United Kingdom .
WePay was founded by Rich Aberman and Bill Clerico in 2008 in Boston , Massachusetts , and is now based in Redwood City , California .
Genomatica is a San Diego - based biotechnology company that develops and licenses bio - based manufacturing processes for the production of intermediate and basic chemicals .
WildWorks ( formerly Smart Bomb Interactive ) is a game development studio based in Salt Lake City , Utah , United States .
BN Bank ASA , formerly known as Bolig- og Næringsbanken , is a Norwegian commercial bank based in Trondheim with a branch office in Oslo .
Marketing for Salomon Snowboards is based in Portland , Oregon , near Mt.
Abba Seafood AB , formerly Abba AB , with head offices in Gothenburg , Sweden is a company producing preserved fish products .
The company was recapitalized as an independent company , MD Helicopters , Inc. MD Helicopters is based in Mesa , Arizona .
Fortune Features , Inc. is a Los Angeles - based motion picture company , specialized in worldwide distribution , production and film financing .
Headquartered in the Dubai International Financial Centre , Fajr Capital has a diverse portfolio consisting of businesses operating in over 10 key MENA and ASEAN markets , including :
Sculptured Software Inc. was a former video game developer in the Salt Lake City , Utah metropolitan area .
Storm Impact was a Macintosh software developer and publisher located in Glenview , Illinois , active from 1989 to 1997 .
Muller Martini Print Finishing Systems AG , Zofingen ( Switzerland ) Muller Martini Electronic AG , Zofingen ( Switzerland ) Muller Martini Maschinen & Anlagen AG , Hasle and Stans ( Switzerland ) Muller Martini Book Technology GmbH , Bad Mergentheim ( Germany )
Racelogic Ltd is an automotive technology company based in Buckingham , United Kingdom .
Bosch Solar Energy AG was a German solar wafer and solar cell manufacturer , based in Erfurt , which specialized in crystalline silicon - based photovoltaic ( PV ) products , as well as thin - film modules using amorphous silicon and CIGS absorber materials .
Pharmstandard is the leading Russian pharmaceutical company , it is headquartered in Dolgoprudny .
Ford Romania is an automobile manufacturing company operated by Ford of Europe , located in Craiova , Romania .
Spectrum Aeronautical is a business jet developer based in Carlsbad , California with its development center located in Spanish Fork , Utah .
Founded in Seattle in 1947 , by Wendell Milliman and Stuart A. Robertson , the firm operates 59 offices worldwide with over 3,000 employees , including more than 1,300 consultants and actuaries .
Mair Foods owns its own agricultural farms based in Mandi Bahauddin District , Punjab .
Cicis ( formerly titled CiCi 's Pizza ) is an American buffet restaurant chain based in Coppell , Texas , specializing in pizza .
Neato Robotics is a robotics company located in Newark , California .
Intelligent Medical Imaging , also known as IMI or ' IMII ' on Nasdaq , was based in Palm Beach Gardens , Florida .
Good Energy is a British energy company based in Chippenham , Wiltshire that generates renewable electricity .
Gaspard Robert ( 1722 - 1799 ) was the founder of a factory that made faience , a type of pottery , in Marseille , France between 1750 and 1793 .
Kayser - Roth Corporation ( a subsidiary of Golden Lady ) is an intimate apparel and hosiery manufacturer based in Greensboro , North Carolina .
Schlitterbahn is a family - owned and operated company based in New Braunfels , Texas .
Hoffman Construction Company is a privately held construction firm based in Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon .
OshKosh B'Gosh is an American children 's apparel company founded in Oshkosh , Wisconsin in 1895 .
The Daniel Kern Manufacture d'Orgues ( formerly Alfred Kern & Fils ) is an organ builder based in Strasbourg , France .
Express Metrix is based in Seattle , Washington , and its software has been deployed on more than two million desktop computers worldwide .
Proximo Spirits , Inc. , is an American spirits importer and international distributor based in Jersey City , New Jersey .
In 1992 Schmidt & Bender Hungaria Optik GmbH in Budapest , Hungary was founded as an independent company by Schmidt & Bender GmbH & Co. KG , Biebertal , Germany .
Bilfinger Deutsche Babcock Middle East is an engineering company in the Persian Gulf that is headquartered in Dubai , United Arab Emirates , where it is among the leading companies in its sector .
When Tiger was an independent company , Tiger Electronics Inc. , its headquarters were in Vernon Hills , Illinois .
Pilot PMR is an award - winning creative agency based in the St. Lawrence neighbourhood in downtown Toronto , Canada , near the city 's historic Distillery District .
Liberty Aerospace is a Bahrainian - owned manufacturer of general aviation aircraft based in Melbourne , Florida , United States .
The Golden Gate Fortune Cookie Company ( traditional Chinese : 金門餅食公司 ; simplified Chinese : 金门饼食公司 ; pinyin : Ménjīn sīgōngshíbǐng ; Jyutping : Mun4gam1 Si1gung1sik6beng2 ) is a fortune cookie company located along Jackson Street in the Chinatown neighborhood of San Francisco , California in the United States .
Brouwerij De Molen ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˌbrʌwəˈrɛi̯ də ˈmoːlə(n ) ) ) is a small brewery , distillery and restaurant in Bodegraven , the Netherlands .
Trevelino / Keller Communications Group is a public relations firm based in Atlanta with offices in Charleston and Washington DC . The firm has four practices :
Based in Shouguang , Shandong , China , Chenming Paper is ranked among the top 50 paper producers worldwide by PWC .
Sørlandsparken is an industry park in Kristiansand , Norway , it covers over 670,000 meters and has over 5,000 work positions .
DNA Studio ( standing for Dedicated Net Access ) is a Los Angeles - based Web marketing advertising agency founded in 1994 by John Moshay , Chris Gibbin and Josh Mutchnick ( brother of Max Mutchnick ) .
Arkansas Business Publishing Group is a magazine and newspaper publisher based in Little Rock , Arkansas , USA .
OutSystems is a global enterprise software company headquartered in Atlanta , Georgia , in the United States .
Laughlin Constable is an American marketing communications agency with offices in Chicago , Milwaukee , New Jersey , and New York City .
RetailMeNot , Inc. ( formerly Whaleshark Media ) is an American multinational company headquartered in Austin , that maintains a collection of coupon web sites .
Joining forces with young Syrian Turkmens living in Turkey , they launched another formation , the Syrian Democratic Turkmen Movement .
The American Academy of Art is an art school located in downtown Chicago , Illinois .
Based in Boston , Janji sells apparel with designs representing Haiti , Rwanda , Peru , Tanzania , the U.S. and Kenya , the countries in which Janji has ongoing efforts .
Festival Cruises ( known as First European Cruises in North America ) was a Greece - based cruise line that operated between 1994 and 2004 .
The Somali Chamber of Commerce and Industry ( SCCI ) is a trade organization headquartered in Mogadishu , Somalia .
Founded in 1913 , and headquartered in Seattle , Washington , Moss Adams has offices in Washington , Oregon , California , Arizona , New Mexico , Kansas , and Texas .
The Rendezvous Society is an educational charity founded in Cheltenham , England in 1985 .
J. L. van den Heuvel Orgelbouw is a firm of pipe organ builders , based in Dordrecht , Netherlands .
SouthWest Energy Ltd is an Ethiopian oil and gas exploration and production company located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia .
Twig Com Ltd. ( formerly Benefon ) is a mobile telecommunications company founded in 2011 and headquartered in Salo , Finland .
Monkey Business Institute is a professional improvisational theater company in Madison , Wis. The group includes ComedySportz veterans , cast members of Blame Society Productions ( creators of Chad Vader : Day Shift Manager and other YouTube series ) , as well as local stand - up comedians and musicians .
Based out of Mexico City , Mexico , Proteak has satellite offices in Wimberley , Texas and Tepic , Mexico .
Southern Company Services , Inc. , headquartered in Birmingham , Alabama , is the shared services division of Southern Company .
Egon Brütsch Fahrzeugbau , usually shortened to Brütsch , was a German automotive design and automaker based in Stuttgart , Baden - Württemberg .
Kaneva , LLC is a privately owned Atlanta - based company founded in 2004 by Christopher Klaus and Greg Frame .
MediaBrix is a mobile focused digital advertising company based in New York .
Oberoi Realty is a real estate developer based in Mumbai , Maharashtra .
In November of 2011 , Marriott Vacation Club was spun off from Marriott International and became a publicly traded company ( NYSE : VAC ) under the new parent company Marriott Vacations Worldwide , based in Orlando , Florida .
Atari , SA ( ASA ) is an international French holding company headquartered in Paris , France .
Etude House Seoul was launched in 2005 .
Jorgensen Engineering is a global processing equipment - supplier with headquarters in Odense , Denmark .
Independent Community and Health Concern , previously Independent Kidderminster Hospital and Health Concern ( often known by the shorter name Health Concern and abbreviated as ICHC ) is a political party based in Kidderminster , United Kingdom .
Rainbow Collective is a British documentary film production company based in London England , which specialises in creating documentaries that highlight and deal with human and children 's rights issues .
Air Venture Tours is a private charter airline based in Guatemala La Aurora International Airport .
CatalunyaCaixa ( Catalan pronunciation : ( kətəˌɫuɲəˈkaʃə ) ) is the trading name of Caixa d'Estalvis de Catalunya , Tarragona i Manresa , a Catalan savings bank with headquarters in Barcelona .
Circus Krone , based in Munich , is one of the largest circus in Europe and one of the few in Western Europe to also occupy a building ( Cirque d'hiver de Paris , Cirque d'hiver d'Amiens and Cirque Royal in Brussels , are some other examples of European circus occupying a building ) .
Peab is a construction and civil engineering company headquartered in Förslöv , Scania , listed on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm .
Trotec is headquartered in Marchtrenk , Austria , with subsidiaries around the world in the United Kingdom , the United States , Canada , Germany , France , Netherlands , Poland , China , Japan , Russia , Australia and South Africa .
rdGizmo For You LTD is in Larnaca , Cyprus .
Hint Water is a $ 30 million beverage company started and based in San Francisco , California as an alternative to soda and sugar beverages .
A / S Bynesruten was a bus company that operated in Trondheim , Norway .
Goods of Desire ( Chinese : 住好啲 ; Cantonese Yale : jyu hou di ) commonly known as G.O.D. , is a lifestyle design and retail brand company based in Hong Kong .
Empresas 1BC ( also known as Grupo Phelps , Centro Corporativo 1BC , and Grupo 1BC ) , is a privately owned Venezuelan corporation which operates diverse media enterprises such as Radio Caracas Televisión , Etheron , Radio Caracas Radio , 92.9 tu FM , Sonográfica , FonoVideo , Recordland , and Radionet , to name a few .
Acapulco Gold is a clothing brand founded in New York City in 2006 .
Jetsgo Corporation was a Canadian low - cost carrier based in the Saint - Laurent area of Montreal .
Intertek Group plc is a multinational inspection , product testing and certification company headquartered in London , United Kingdom .
Optical Cable Corporation , headquartered in Roanoke , Virginia , manufactures fiber optical cable .
LTX is a semiconductor Automatic Test Equipment ( ATE ) vendor , founded in 1976 and headquartered in Norwood , MA ( Greater Boston area ) .
The Royal Mail Steam Packet Company was a British shipping company founded in London in 1839 by a Scot , James MacQueen .
The Bombay Company was founded in 1978 by Brad Harper in New Orleans as a mail - order company .
Champagne Lanson is a Champagne house located in Reims .
Automobiles Delaunay - Belleville was a French luxury automobile manufacturer at Saint - Denis , France , north of Paris .
Based in Trussville , Alabama , Amerex makes hand portable and wheeled fire extinguishers for commercial and industrial environments , as well as fire and explosion suppression vehicle systems for defense applications .
United Utilities ' headquarters are in Warrington and the company has 5,300 direct employees .
NebuAd was an American online advertising company based in Redwood City , California , with offices in New York and London and was funded by the investment companies Sierra Ventures and Menlo Ventures .
SDEWES Centre ( The International Centre for Sustainable Development of Energy , Water and Environment Systems ) , is a non - governmental scientific organization based at the University of Zagreb , Croatia .
Otto 's Sausage Kitchen , formerly Otto 's Meat Market , is a sausage restaurant and meat market located in the Woodstock neighborhood of Portland , Oregon , United States .
Makedonski Telekom AD ( English : Macedonian Telecom , Macedonian : Македонски Телеком АД ) is a telecommunications company in the Republic of Macedonia with headquarters in Skopje .
Themodmin is an international architecture and design firm founded by Mohammed Majdi Hamada , with its main office situated in Tripoli , Libya .
Riverside Health System is a non - profit healthcare organization based in Newport News , Virginia .
Standing Point Films ( also known recently as `` Standing Point Productions '' ) is an independent visual and audio media production house based in Chicago and specializing in documentary and socially critical media projects .
The Krasnodar mechanical plant of non - standard equipment ( Russian : Краснодарский механический завод нестандартного оборудования ) , commonly known as AvtoKuban ( Russian : АвтоКубань ) , was a Soviet / Russian company that manufactured buses based on truck chassis .
Elegant Resorts is a luxury travel retailer based in Chester , UK .
Tushek&Spigel Supercars GmbH is an Austrian manufacturer of supercars , based in Graz , in the former militarily airport , which consist of a private race track for testing .
Earl Abel 's is a popular restaurant in San Antonio , Texas that opened in 1933 and existed at one location at Broadway and Hildebrand from 1940 until 2006 .
Cologne - based QSC AG is a nationwide telecommunications provider in Germany with its own DSL network .
Fortune Brands Home & Security , Inc. ( FBHS ) is an American manufacturer of home fixtures and hardware , headquartered in Deerfield , Illinois .
The Swedish East India Company ( Swedish : Svenska Ostindiska Companiet or SOIC ) was founded in Gothenburg , Sweden , in 1731 for the purpose of conducting trade with the Far East .
Louisiana Music Factory is an independent record and cd store located in the French Quarter of New Orleans , Louisiana .
Gallery Int Fashion Fair is a trade fair held twice a year during Copenhagen Fashion Week in August and February .
ColosseoEAS is an international company based in Bratislava , Slovakia that specializes in LED design , multimedia and statistics solutions for sport venues .
Leitner - Poma of America is a North American aerial lift manufacturer based in Grand Junction , Colorado .
Entertainment One Films , formerly Fox Lorber Films and Koch - Lorber Films , launched in February 2003 , is an independent film distributor and DVD label based in New York .
Expedition Engineering is a London - based consulting firm , delivering structural engineering services .
Grupo Nutresa , formerly Grupo Nacional de Chocolates S.A. is a food processing conglomerate headquartered in Medellín , Colombia .
Nordmøre Energiverk is a power company based in the town of Kristiansund in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
The Global Fleet Group is a business conglomerate , that is headquartered in Lagos , Nigeria , with interests across a range of sectors in Africa .
Ardene , also known as Ardène in some locations , is a Canadian clothing and accessories retailer based in Montreal , Quebec .
Just two years later , by 1956 , Henry 's Hamburgers had thirty - five locations in the Chicago area .
Archives & Museum Informatics is a company based in Toronto , Canada ( and previously Pittsburgh , USA ) , that organizes conferences , and undertakes consulting , publishing and training in the field of cultural heritage , especially for museums .
Seinäjoen Jalkapallokerho ( or SJK Seinäjoki or SJK ) is a Finnish football club from the city of Seinäjoki .
The Carnegie Council for Ethics in International Affairs is a New York City - based a 501(c)3 public charity serving international affairs professionals , teachers and students , and the attentive public .
Super RTL is a Cologne - based German television network operated by RTL Disney Fernsehen GmbH & Co. KG . It was the first German television channel aimed mostly at children .
PNE Wind AG ( formerly Plambeck Neue Energie AG ) is a German company based in Cuxhaven .
Kink.com is a San Francisco - based bondage internet pornography company that runs a group of websites devoted to BDSM and related fetishes .
University of the Littoral Opal Coast ( Université du Littoral Côte d'Opale ) , also known as ULCO , is a French university , based in Boulogne , Calais , Dunkirk ( Dunkerque ) and Saint Omer .
Scottish Aviation Limited was a Scottish aircraft manufacturer , based at Prestwick in South Ayrshire .
Accident Fund Insurance Company of America is an American workers ' compensation insurance company headquartered in Lansing , Michigan .
The Hanchen Group was founded in Amsterdam , Netherlands in 1998 , as an enterprise engaged in tobacco and related industries .
Engine Yard is a San Francisco , California based , privately held platform as a service company focused on Ruby on Rails , PHP and Node.js deployment and management .
The May Company Ohio is a defunct chain of department stores that was based in Cleveland , Ohio , United States .
Mohawk Industries ( NYSE : MHK ) is an American flooring manufacturer based in Calhoun , Georgia , USA .
The Sorensen Institute for Political Leadership at the University of Virginia is an organization which serves the state of Virginia as a political leadership training center .
PIKO manufactures its own products , at its headquarters factory in Sonneberg ( Thüringen ) Germany , and at its own factory , PIKO China , in Chashan , PRC .
Vive Crop Protection is a privately held company based in Toronto , Canada , that develops new products based on existing active ingredients for crop protection using its patented AllosperseTM technology .
Bird Kingdom is located in the tourist district of Niagara Falls , Ontario , Canada .
Avesthagen Limited is an integrated systems biology platform company headquartered in Bangalore , India .
Simple Mobile ( stylized SIMPLE Mobile ) is a prepaid mobile network operator headquartered in Irvine , California , in the United States and became a subsidiary of America Móvil ( parent of TracFone Wireless Inc. ) after it was acquired in June 2012 .
Employers Group was founded in 1893 in Los Angeles as the Merchants Association .
Virtuos has development centers in Shanghai , Chengdu , and Xi'an , China , and in Ho Chi Minh City , Vietnam , and offices in Paris , Vancouver and Tokyo .
Jean Majola founded the company in 1908 at Saint - Denis on the north side of Paris , initially for the production of automobiles engines .
The club is mainly focused on kite flying , kite workshops etc . The main recreational area of Kollam Kite Club is Kollam Beach in the city .
R. Hoe & Company was a New York City based printing press manufacturer established by Peter Smith , Matthew Smith ( ? --1822 ) , and their brother - in - law , English emigrant Robert Hoe ( 1784 - -1833 ) , in 1805 as Smith , Hoe & Company .
Demir - Halk Bank ( known also as DHB Bank ) is a Dutch commercial bank headquartered in Rotterdam .
First Midwest Bancorp , Inc is headquartered in Itasca , Illinois , just west of O'Hare Airport .
Corpozulia is a Venezuelan government organization that works in the area of economic development in Zulia State .
Hong Thai Travel Services ( Chinese : 康泰旅行社 ) is one of the largest travel agencies in Hong Kong .
Ostsee - Zeitung ( also known as OZ ) is a German language regional daily newspaper published in Rostock , Germany .
The Qt Company ( formerly known as Digia , Qt , Qt Development Frameworks , Qt Software , Trolltech and as Quasar Technologies ) is a software company based in Oslo , Norway , and best known for its Qt toolkit and application framework .
Skull and Bones is an undergraduate senior secret society at Yale University , New Haven , Connecticut .
Star Farm Productions is a Chicago , IL based children 's entertainment company that focuses on creating intellectual properties across multiple media .
Puppet Heap , LLC is a puppet design , fabrication and production company based in Hoboken , New Jersey .
Indian Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Limited ( IDPL ) is a public sector pharmaceutical , bulk drug manufacturing and drug discovery company owned by the Indian government , headquartered in New Delhi , and located in Hyderabad , Gurgaon and Rishikesh .
The Society for Threatened Peoples International STPI ( German : Gesellschaft für bedrohte Völker - International , GfbV - International ) is an international NGO and human rights organization with its headquarters in Göttingen , Germany .
Sitel is a telemarketing and outsourcing business headquartered in Nashville , Tennessee .
Bloomberg L.P. is a privately held financial software , data , and media company headquartered in Midtown Manhattan , New York City .
The Northern Trust Corporation is an American international financial services company headquartered in Chicago , Illinois .
Grandstream Networks is headquartered in Boston , Massachusetts , USA and has offices in Plano , Texas , USA ;
Pacsafe is headquartered in Hong Kong with offices in the United States , Germany , and China .
The River Dart Steamboat Co Ltd ( RDSC ) and its predecessors , the Dartmouth Steam Packet Company and the Dartmouth and Torbay Steam Packet Company , were the major ferry and excursion boat operators on the River Dart in South Devon for 120 years , until the company 's demise in 1976 .
Lucent Dossier Experience ( whose name loosely translates to `` a collection of glowing light '' ) is a Los Angeles cirque style interactive , avant - garde circus , electronic rock band , performance troupe and entertainment company performing worldwide .
Psychopathic Records , also known as `` The Hatchet '' , is an American independent record label based in Farmington Hills , Michigan that specializes in hip hop music .
Volkswerft ( German : Volkswerft Stralsund GmbH ) is a shipyard in the hanseatic city of Stralsund on the Strelasund .
Charter International plc was a large British engineering business based in London .
Swedish Match is a Swedish company based in Stockholm that makes snus , moist snuff , and chewing tobacco ( with its Red Man brand ) .
Biovista Inc. is a private drug development services company based in Charlottesville , Virginia , USA .
Rock River Arms , Incorporated is a manufacturing company based in Colona , Illinois that manufacturers parts and accessories for AR-15/M16 type rifles , as well as complete firearms .
Montgomery Securities was an investment bank based in San Francisco , California , that specialized in high technology and health care sectors .
Aerotherm Group is a British automotive and aerospace capital equipment manufacturer company headquartered in Tunstall , Staffordshire , United Kingdom .
Patek Philippe & Co. ( PP ) is a Swiss watch manufacturer founded in 1851 , located in Geneva and the Vallée de Joux .
Light Serviços de Eletricidade S.A. is an electric company based in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Headquartered in Bogotá , Corficolombiana was the first Colombian financial institution .
The New India Assurance Co. Ltd. , based in Mumbai , is one of the five Wholly Government of India owned assurance companies of India .
Pick Everard is a multi - disciplined construction consultancy company founded in 1866 , headquartered in Leicester , United Kingdom .
The Advance Motor Manufacturing Company Ltd was incorporated on the 31 May 1905 with registered offices at Louise Road , Northampton by Douglas Herbert Gainsford and Frederick Smart , with an original share capital of £ 10,000 .
AbbottVision has offices in London and Manchester and an ongoing first - look distribution deal with FremantleMedia Enterprises .
WESCO International , Inc. is a holding company for WESCO Distribution , a multinational electronics distribution and services company based in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
China Minsheng Bank ( simplified Chinese : 中国民生银行 ; traditional Chinese : 中國民生銀行 ; pinyin : Zhōngguó Mínshēng Yínháng ) , founded on January 12 , 1996 , in Beijing , is the first bank in China to be owned mostly by non - government enterprises .
Philippine Amusement and Gaming Corporation ( PAGCOR ) is the Philippines ' largest contributor of revenue to the government after the Tax and Customs Authority .
Softex S.A. is a Greek paper towel company , headquartered in Athens in the Athens Industrial Area west of downtown .
CLC bio is a bioinformatics software company headquartered in Aarhus , Denmark , and with offices in Cambridge , Massachusetts , Tokyo , Taipei and Delhi .
The Digital Village ( TDV ) was a digital media company based in Covent Garden , London WC2 in the United Kingdom .
Shemaroo Entertainment Ltd. , was founded on October 29 , 1962 , in Mumbai , as a book circulating library , and today they are an established integrated media content house in India with activities across content acquisition , value addition to content and content distribution .
Founded in 2002 and headquartered in Shanghai , China , VeriSilicon has over 450 employees with six R&D centers ( China , US and Finland ) and nine sales offices worldwide .
Conceyu Abiertu achieved a representative in Noreña .
Cooper - Standard Automotive Inc. , headquartered in Novi , Michigan , is an automotive supplier specializing in the manufacture and marketing of systems and components for the automotive industry .
Rīgas Satiksme ( English : Riga Transport ) is a limited liability company of Riga municipality which operates public transport and vehicle hire in the Latvian capital Riga and its surrounding areas .
Vulcan Productions is a production company headquartered in Seattle , Washington , led by Paul Allen and Jody Allen .
Owen Owen was a Liverpool - based operator of department stores in the United Kingdom and Canada .
The S.A. des Chantiers aéronavals Étienne Romano ( CAER ) was an aircraft manufacturing company based in Cannes , France .
Skyword Inc. ( Skyword ) is an American SaaS technology and content marketing services corporation , with headquarters in Boston , Massachusetts , United States .
Transaction Advisors is a technical journal that was founded in Chicago .
Tata Hispano Motors Carrocera , S.A. ( formerly Hispano Carrocera , S.A. ) , based in Zaragoza , Aragon , Spain , was one of the largest manufacturers of bus and coach cabins in Europe .
Temple Square Hospitality Corporation is a subsidiary of Deseret Management Corporation which provides dining , catering and other services at the Lion House , Joseph Smith Memorial Building , and other properties owned by Zions Securities Corporation near Temple Square in downtown Salt Lake City , Utah .
Fermentek Ltd. is a biotechnological company , located in Atarot industrial zone , Jerusalem , Israel , specializing in the research , development and manufacture of biologically active , natural products isolated from microorganisms as well as from other natural sources such as plants and algae .
Putnam Investments is a privately owned investment management firm founded in 1937 by George Putnam , who established one of the first balanced mutual funds , The George Putnam Fund of Boston .
The Fat Cat Brewery is a brewery located at the Fat Cat Brewery Tap , Lawson Road , Norwich in the English county of Norfolk .
Based in Minneapolis , Sportradar US captures live play - by - play data and delivers it in real - time to companies in media , technology and fantasy sports .
Electro - Harmonix was founded by R&B keyboard player Mike Matthews in October 1968 in New York City .
Netlist Inc. is a multinational company headquartered in Irvine , California that designs and manufactures a wide variety of high - performance , logic - based memory subsystems for global datacenter and high - performance computing and communications markets .
Renco Electronics is an electronics manufacturer based in Rockledge , Florida .
InfoPark Thrissur is an information technology park situated in Koratty of Thrissur District in Kerala .
TransAlta Corporation ( formerly Calgary Power ) is an electricity power generator and wholesale marketing company headquartered in Calgary , Alberta .
Forth Dimension Displays ( ForthDD ) is a British optoelectronics company based in Dalgety Bay , Fife , United Kingdom .
Asphodel Ltd ( aka Asphodel Records ) was a San Francisco - based independent record label founded by musician Mitzi Johnson in 1992 .
ASC Finance for Business is the largest group of commercial mortgage brokers in the UK based in Regent 's Park , London .
Baker & McKenzie , founded in 1949 is a multinational law firm headquartered in Chicago .
Child World was an American chain of toy stores that was founded in Avon , Massachusetts , in 1970 .
Investors Bank is a publicly traded American independent full service savings bank that is based in Short Hills , New Jersey , USA .
Proskauer Rose LLP ( formerly known as Proskauer , Rose , Goetz & Mendelsohn , LLP ) is an international law firm that is headquartered in New York City .
OM Group Incorporated is a metal - based chemistry firm based in Cleveland , Ohio , United States .
Taiwan Dancer Technology Co. , Ltd. is a Taiwanese aircraft manufacturer based in Nangang Village , Dayuan District , Taoyuan City .
Corporate offices are located in Delray Beach , Florida and PositiveID 's laboratories are located in Pleasanton , CA .
Canyon Creek Food Company ( TSX - V : CYF ) is a food processing company based in Edmonton , Alberta that provides fresh soups and other prepared food products geared towards health conscious consumers .
The Buckmobile was an American automobile manufactured between 1903 and 1905 in Utica , New York by the Buckmobile Company .
Queensland Energy Resources Limited ( QERL ) is an Australian oil shale mining and shale oil extraction company with the headquarters in Brisbane .
Factory Green , Inc. , was an American , eco - friendly clothing and accessories online retail store and was based in Columbia , Missouri .
Yangtze River Pharmaceutical Group ( Chinese : 扬子江药业集团 , YRPG ) is a Chinese multinational pharmaceutical corporation headquartered in Taizhou , Jiangsu Province in the People 's Republic of China , and with its research headquarters in Shanghai .
CipherGraph Networks is a computer networking software company specializing in cloud security based in Pleasanton , California .
Extreme Networks is a networking company based in San Jose , California that was founded in 1996 .
Simon Carves Engineering Ltd is a British , full - service Process Engineering Contractor headquartered in Manchester , United Kingdom .
Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB ( publ ) ( Sobi ) is an international specialty healthcare company dedicated to rare diseases , based in Stockholm , Sweden .
Aanerud Industries is a Norwegian design company with its offices based in Oslo , Norway and its workshop in Skogbygda , Norway .
BELIMO Holding AG , an international group of companies , is located in Hinwil , Switzerland .
North Woods Advertising is an advertising company based in Minneapolis , whose activities include advertising , public relations , political consulting , marketing strategy and others .
Little Wing Autogyros , Inc. is an American aircraft manufacturer based in Mayflower , Arkansas and founded by Ron Herron .
Carrozzeria Allemano ( established 1928 , discontinued 1965 ) was an automobile coachbuilder in Turin , Italy , owned by Serafino Allemano .
Sacyr Vallehermoso , S.A. ( Spanish pronunciation : ( saˈθir βaʎerˈmoso ) ) is a leading Spanish construction company based in Madrid .
Kodiak Interactive was a video game developer in Salt Lake City , Utah .
Pinnacle Financial Partners is a bank headquartered in Nashville , Tennessee operating in middle and East Tennessee .
Glenn Marine Group is a Singapore - based supplier of maritime services including naval logistics and the operation of shore - base support including cruise terminals and port operations .
Beijing Mozilla Online Ltd ( Chinese : 北京谋智网络技术有限公司 ) , a.k.a . Mozilla China ( Chinese : 谋智中国 ) , is a limited company to help promote and deploy Mozilla products in China .
The University of the Mediterranean Aix - Marseille II was a French university in the Academy of Aix and Marseille .
Behestan Darou is a private joint stock pharmaceutical company based in Tehran , Iran .
DecoPac , Inc. is a supplier and marketer of cake decorating products headquartered in Anoka , Minnesota .
Harley Ellis Devereaux is an architecture and engineering firm based in Southfield , Michigan with offices in Southfield , Chicago , Illinois , Los Angeles , San Diego and San Francisco , California .
The Godrej Group is an Indian conglomerate headquartered in Mumbai , Maharashtra , India , managed and largely owned by the Godrej family .
The Germanischer Lloyd SE was a classification society based in the city of Hamburg , Germany .
Mount Carmel Medical Group is a private healthcare organisation based in Naas , Ireland .
The Sadhujana Paripalana Sangham ( Sadhu Jana Paripalana Sangham ) ( SJPS ) was established in 1907 by social reformer Ayyankali to campaign for education for Dalits in Kerala with the support of government of Travancore , British India .
Independently owned and wholly committed , MDB Communications is an American full service advertising and communications agency based in Washington , D.C. Founded in 1981 , the agency was named to Inc. Magazine 's `` Inc. 500 '' list in 1998 and was also recognized on Advertising Age 's `` Top US Agency Brands by Revenue '' in 2007 .
Ragdoll Productions is a British television production company located in Stratford - upon - Avon , Warwickshire , that produces children 's programmes .
Edison Properties is a privately owned real estate holding and development firm based in Newark , New Jersey founded in 1956 .
Brunswick News Inc. is a Canadian newspaper publishing company based in Moncton , New Brunswick .
Founded in 2000 , OnMobile is headquartered in Bangalore , India and serves customers in 59 countries on 5 continents .
American Family Insurance 's history began on October 3 , 1927 , when insurance salesman Herman Wittwer opened the doors of Farmers Mutual Insurance Company in Madison , Wisconsin ( not to be confused with the Farmers Insurance Group ) .
Carvin Corporation is an American guitar , bass guitar , and audio equipment manufacturer in San Diego , California .
Merrick Machine Company is a U.S. manufacturer based out of Alda Nebraska that produces custom automated housing machinery , The Auto Dolly , and The Auto Dolly accessory products , Merrick Originals .
The Hokuriku Electric Power Company 北陸電力 ( Hokuriku Denryoku ) supplies power by a regulated monopoly to the Toyama Prefecture , Ishikawa Prefecture , the northern part of Fukui Prefecture , and northwestern parts of Gifu Prefecture .
Music Millennium is an independent record store located in Portland , Oregon .
Futurikon is a French independent production company created in 1996 by Philippe Delarue , the company 's CEO and Producer , and based in Paris .
Newey , Newey - Aster , Gordon Newey , Gordon Newey Ltd , G.N.L. ( GNL ) , ( 1907 - 1920 ) was a British automobile manufacturer from Birmingham .
Canada Dry Motts is a beverage company based in Mississauga , Ontario , Canada .
Andersen Corporation is an international window and door manufacturing enterprise employing more than 9,000 people at more than 20 locations , with headquarters in the St. Paul exurb of Bayport , Minnesota .
Based in Richmond , California , Bath Simple was launched by John Crowley and Bill Hunscher in 2010 .
AUMUND Fördertechnik GmbH is a producer of Conveying Technology Products headquartered in Germany , Rheinberg , district of Millingen .
TravelerVIP.com , headquartered in Dubai , is the Middle East 's first luxury hotel booking website .
Magruder 's is a grocery store chain in and around the Washington , D.C. area .
Rosengårdcentret is a shopping centre located in Odense on the Danish island of Funen .
Pyramid Breweries , Inc. , is a brewing company headquartered in Seattle , Washington .
Dongfeng Motor Company Limited is an automobile manufacturing company headquartered in Wuhan , China and a 50:50 joint - venture between Dongfeng Motor Corporation and Nissan Motors .
Until 2008 , Sercomtel had the concession to provide service only in two municipalities ( Londrina and Tamarana ) , even providing service in neighbouring cities .
SMW - AUTOBLOK is a worldwide workholding technology industrial company , founded in 1993 , based in Caprie , Piedmont , Italy , and with production plants in Meckenbeuren , Germany and Caprie .
Ferrellgas has corporate operations in the Kansas City suburbs of Liberty , Missouri and Overland Park , Kansas .
MOS Technology , Inc. ( `` MOS '' being short for Metal Oxide Semiconductor ) , also known as CSG ( Commodore Semiconductor Group ) , was a semiconductor design and fabrication company based in Norristown , Pennsylvania , in the United States .
Elmer 's Fine Foods , or just Elmer 's , is a snack food company based in New Orleans , Louisiana .
Nicor Gas is an energy company headquartered in Naperville , Illinois .
The Riverboat Discovery is a tour company in Fairbanks , Alaska which operates sternwheel riverboats on the Chena and Tanana rivers .
Dillon Aero , Inc. is an armament manufacturer located in Scottsdale , Arizona .
Vocelli Pizza ( formerly Pizza Outlet ) is a pizzeria based in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
The Acotel Group S.p . A(BIT ACO ) is a global telecommunications company , headquartered in Rome , Italy .
Ashok Leyland Defence Systems Ltd. ( ALDS ) also works with associate companies ( Hinduja Group Companies ) AVIA ( Prague , Czech Republic ) , Optare ( Leeds , UK ) , Defiance ( Detroit , USA ) , Hinduja Foundries ( Chennai , India ) and AlbonAir ( Dortmund , Germany ) to leverage their capabilities .
Headquartered in Tamuning , Guam , DoCoMo Pacific was originally a merger of Guamcell Communications and HafaTel .
Cinedigm ( or Cinedigm Corp. ) is a North American entertainment company , headquartered in Los Angeles , California .
QNB Bank , also known simply as QNB , is an independent bank headquartered in Quakertown , Pennsylvania .
Clifton 's Cafeteria , once part of a chain of 8 Clifton 's restaurants , is the oldest surviving cafeteria style eatery in Los Angeles , California , and the largest public cafeteria in the world .
Four Door Lemon Ltd , currently based in Bradford , West Yorkshire , is one of the UK 's longest - living and successful independent videogames and middleware developers .
Juwai.com has offices in Hong Kong and is headquartered in Shanghai .
JMicron Technology Corporation ( Chinese : 智微科技 ; pinyin : Zhìwēi Kējì ) is a Taiwanese fabless technology design house based in Hsinchu , Taiwan .
The Vilcek Foundation is located in a landmark , Beaux Arts - style renovated carriage house in New York City 's Upper East Side , which serves as both its headquarters and gallery space .
Star Africa Commodities & Minerals Limited is a fully integrated company founded in 2009 in the Republic of Ghana , initially formed for the purpose of acquiring interests in mineral and hydrocarbon deposits throughout Africa .
Sentrigo was a privately held software company located in Santa Clara , California , USA , until its acquisition in April , 2011 by McAfee .
Loquendo was originally a research group created in the mid - seventies by managers at IRI - STET in the CSELT laboratories in Turin before becoming a company in its own right in 2001 .
Henry Scarr Ltd. was an English shipbuilding company based in the East Riding of Yorkshire at Hessle on the Humber .
Palliser Furniture Upholstery Ltd. is a furniture manufacturing company headquartered in Winnipeg , Manitoba Canada .
El Rey Jesús , anglicized as King Jesus Ministry , is a Christian Apostolic and Prophetic church located in Miami , Florida with a general attendance between 15,000 and 20,000 individuals per week .
Metia Interactive is a game development studio based in Auckland , New Zealand .
Environmental Waste Solutions ( EWS ) is a private U.S. small business headquartered in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , which specializes in assisting businesses in becoming more environmentally friendly .
Greenwoods is a chain of menswear stores with headquarters in Bradford , England .
EHDD , ranked among the top 20 architecture firms in the San Francisco Bay Area where it is headquartered , is known especially for seismically safe , sustainable designs .
It is not clear whether the D1 was ever sold in significant numbers , but production of the Rovin D2 started in 1947 at the company 's newly acquired plant at Saint - Denis .
UnitedHealth Group Inc. is an American diversified managed health care company based in Minnetonka , Minnesota , U.S. It is No . 14 on the Fortune 500 .
Machold Rare Violins , domiciled in Bremen , was the global market leader in the historic string instruments trade .
McClatchey Broadcasting is a Raleigh based , privately owned company that owns radio stations in North Carolina .
Namma Veedu Vasanta Bhavan ( Tamil : நம்ம வீடு வஸந்த பவன் ) is a chain of vegetarian restaurants headquartered in Egmore , Chennai , India , started in 1969 .
The San Joaquin Light and Power Corporation was a utility company that provided electricity to seven counties in the San Joaquin Valley of California .
Muñoz and Company ( formerly , Kell Muñoz Architects ) is a leading architecture firm based in San Antonio , Texas , USA .
Cedar Fair , L.P. , doing business as the Cedar Fair Entertainment Company , is a publicly traded partnership headquartered at its Cedar Point amusement park in Sandusky , Ohio .
Alliance Cinemas is a small theatre chain nominally headquartered in Vancouver , British Columbia which operates one small urban theatre in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The Bank of the People was created by radical Reform politicians James Lesslie , James Hervey Price , and Dr John Rolph in Toronto in 1835 .
Universal Statuary Corp. was a Chicago based statue manufacturer .
Adeptia is a Chicago - based software company .
Mediterranean Air Freight was established and started operations in June 2003 .
Team 5P ( ) is the animation production team , which established in 2002 .
The Muslim Public Affairs Council ( MPAC ) is a national American Muslim advocacy and public policy organization headquartered in Los Angeles and with offices in Washington D.C. MPAC was founded in 1986 .
Founded in 1990 , The Canadian Journalism Foundation ( CJF ) is a non - profit organization that promotes excellence in Canadian journalism by celebrating outstanding journalistic achievement .
The Ibru Organization , established in 1956 , became one of the largest conglomerates in Nigeria .
WRLY - LP , or Oak 93.5 is a community low power FM ( `` LPFM '' ) radio station operating in Raleigh , North Carolina .
WQOR is a Catholic radio station broadcasting from Olyphant , Pennsylvania , serving the Scranton / Wilkes - Barre area .
WAJM , assigned to 88.9 FM and licensed to Atlantic City , New Jersey , is a high school radio station owned by the Atlantic City Board of Education and is operated by the students of Atlantic City High School .
WTLC - FM ( 106.7 FM ) is an Urban Adult Contemporary radio station licensed to Greenwood , Indiana , serving the Indianapolis area .
WUMF is the student run radio station of the University of Maine Farmington , located in Farmington , Maine broadcasting on 91.5 FM .
WQQK ( 92-Q ) is an Urban Adult Contemporary FM radio station broadcasting in the Nashville , Tennessee market on a frequency of 92.1 MHz . Its transmitter site is in Goodlettsville , Tennessee ( its city of license ) , and its studios are located in Nashville 's Music Row district .
KAQD ( branded as `` American Family Radio '' ) is an FM Christian radio station that serves the Abilene , Texas , area .
WLBC - FM is a FM radio station broadcasting on a frequency of 104.1 MHz and located in Muncie , Indiana .
KBFF ( 95.5 FM , `` Live 95 - 5 '' ) is a CHR / Top 40 radio station licensed to Portland , Oregon and serving the Portland area .
CJBK is a Canadian radio station , broadcasting in London , Ontario at 1290 kHz .
WHGH ( AM 840 ) is a radio station broadcasting an Urban Contemporary format . , and licensed for Thomasville , Georgia , USA , in the Tallahassee , Florida area .
WHIY ( 1600 AM ) is an Urban oldies and Blues music formatted radio station that serves Huntsville , Alabama , and the majority of the Tennessee Valley in north Alabama , United States .
CHOM - FM is an English language radio station located in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
WSIX - FM is an FM radio station broadcasting in Nashville , Tennessee on a frequency of 97.9 MHz . The station is owned by iHeartMedia , Inc. , and airs a country music format .
WQXR - FM ( 105.9 FM ) is an American classical radio station licensed to Newark , New Jersey and serving the New York City metropolitan area .
WIDG ( 940 AM ) is a radio station licensed to St. Ignace , Michigan , broadcasting a Catholic religious format .
WDUZ ( 1400 AM ) and WDUZ - FM ( 107.5 FM ) are radio stations serving the Green Bay , Wisconsin area , simulcasting a Sports Talk format as `` Sports Radio 107.5 and 1400 The Fan . ''
WWLB ( 93.1 FM , `` Hank FM '' ) is a classic country music formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Ettrick , Virginia , serving the Petersburg / Richmond area .
KLAX - TV is the ABC - affiliated television station for Central Louisiana licensed to Alexandria .
CFBX - FM 92.5 FM , also known as `` The X '' , is a campus radio station at Thompson Rivers University in Kamloops , British Columbia .
WNOH is a Contemporary Hit Radio formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Windsor , Virginia , serving Hampton Roads in Virginia and Northeastern North Carolina .
WMMI ( 830 AM ) is an AM radio station located in Shepherd , Michigan .
CJQM - FM ( `` Country 104.3 '' FM ) is a radio station in Sault Ste . Marie , Ontario .
WPUR ( 107.3 FM ) is a country music formatted radio station in Atlantic City , New Jersey .
CFRX is the international shortwave relay of CFRB , a news / talk radio station in Toronto , Ontario .
KBHR is a commercial radio station located in Big Bear City , California , broadcasting on 93.3 and 102.5FM .
WMTH - FM , located in Park Ridge , Illinois , was among the first high school radio stations in the United States when it was licensed in 1959 .
WUCX - FM , FM 90.1 in Bay City , Michigan , is licensed to Central Michigan University and operated jointly with Delta College .
NE1fm is an FM community radio station based in Newcastle upon Tyne , England .
WWCO ( 1240 AM ) is a radio station licensed in Waterbury , Connecticut , broadcasting a talk radio format .
WYDK ( 97.9 FM , `` Dock 97.9 FM '' ) is an American radio station licensed to serve Eufaula , Alabama , USA .
KAMX ( 94.7 FM , `` Mix 94.7 '' ) is a commercial radio station licensed to Luling , Texas , United States , broadcasting to the Austin , Texas area from studios and transmitter in West Lake Hills , Texas .
CHUO - FM is a Canadian community - based campus radio station , broadcasting at 89.1 FM in Ottawa , on Rogers digital cable on channel 943 , via RealAudio stream and in MP3 .
WWOT is the Top 40 music formatted radio station in Altoona , Pennsylvania .
CHBM - FM is a radio station in Toronto , Ontario , Canada broadcasting at 97.3 FM .
CINQ - FM is a multilingual Canadian radio station located in Montreal , Quebec .
WKWK - FM is an adult contemporary formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Wheeling , West Virginia , USA , serving the Wheeling / Steubenville area .
WDJX is a Contemporary Hit Radio radio station located in Louisville , Kentucky .
CHOY - FM ( 99.9 FM ) , branded as `` Choix FM '' , is a Canadian French language radio station broadcasting at 99.9 MHz from Moncton , New Brunswick .
KBKL ( branded as Kool 107.9 ) is a radio station serving Grand Junction , Colorado and vicinity with a classic hits format .
KRRO ( 103.7 FM MHz ) is a radio station in Sioux Falls , South Dakota airing a mainstream rock format .
KLHI - FM ( 92.5 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Kahului , Hawaii , USA , and serving the Maui area .
WXTL is a classic rock station in Syracuse , New York branded as `` The Rebel '' .
KEAZ ( 100.7 FM , `` Eazy 100.7 '' ) is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Contemporary format licensed to Kensett , Arkansas , USA .
CFJR - FM is a Canadian radio station airing at 104.9 FM in Brockville , Ontario .
KSRY serves the Antelope Valley from its tower in Tehachapi , California .
KMGN ( 93.9 FM ) is an American commercial mainstream rock music radio station in Flagstaff , Arizona , United States , broadcasting to the Flagstaff - Prescott , Arizona area .
WWMP ( 103.3 FM , `` MP103 '' ) is a radio station broadcasting an adult hits format that is licensed to Waterbury , Vermont , USA .
WCLI - FM ( 101.5 FM , `` Hank FM '' ) is a classic country radio station , licensed to Enon , Ohio , and serving the Dayton area .
WBEW is a non - commercial educational ( NCE ) , Class B1 public radio station on 89.5 MHz at Chesterton in Northwest Indiana .
CFBW - FM is a community radio station broadcasting at 91.3 FM in Hanover , Ontario , Canada .
CIOC - FM ( identified on air as Ocean 98.5 ) , is an FM radio station based in Victoria , British Columbia , broadcasting at 98.5 MHz and owned by Rogers Communications .
WSGE operates at 91.7 FM and is a non - commercial , public radio station owned and managed by Gaston College , in Dallas , North Carolina .
Alton C. Crews Middle School is part of the Brookwood Cluster of Gwinnett County , Georgia , and part of Gwinnett County Public Schools .
Now Hesar ( Persian : نوحصار‎ , also Romanized as Now Ḩeşār ) is a village in Lajran Rural District , in the Central District of Garmsar County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Saint Ignatius ' College , Riverview is a Roman Catholic , day and boarding school for boys located in Riverview , a small suburb situated on the Lane Cove River on the Lower North Shore of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Otola ( ɔˈtɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnowiec , within Zawiercie County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Madineh ( Persian : مدينه‎ , also Romanized as Madīneh , Madinah , and Madyāneh ) is a village in Buzi Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Between Fall 2011 and Spring 2013 and again since Fall 2014 , WBMZ serves as the official flagship radio station for Georgia Southern Eagles athletics , broadcasting football , men and women 's basketball and baseball games along with weekly coaches ' shows .
Vondh is a village in Kutch district , Gujarat state , India .
Madinat ( Persian : مدنيات‎ , also Romanized as Madīnāt ; also known as `` Arab Nāşer , Madīnāt Shameh , and Mudāināth ) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 267 , in 39 families .
Chemmalamattam ( ചെമ്മലമറ്റം , chemmalamattom ? ) , ( otherwise known as Chemmalamattom ) is a village in the Kottayam district of Kerala , India .
Duluth Civic Center Historic District is a historic district in Duluth , Minnesota that includes four buildings : the Saint Louis County Courthouse , designed by architect Daniel Burnham and built in 1908 - -1909 ;
Viepri , is an Italian village in the Colli Martani of central Umbria , a frazione of Massa Martana , 7 km north of that town and another 7 km SSW of Bastardo .
The Lewis Cabot Estate was a historic estate in Brookline , Massachusetts .
Lishasi ( Persian : ليشاسي‎ , also Romanized as Līshāsī ) is a village in Dehdez Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Morton Stadium , or the National Athletics Stadium , is an athletics stadium in Santry Demense , Finglas in Ireland .
The EDZ Irigary Bridge is a historic Pennsylvania truss bridge in southeastern Johnson County , Wyoming .
The Godbold Transportation Center is a train station in Brookhaven , Mississippi , United States , served by Amtrak 's City of New Orleans passenger train .
The Old Marengo County Courthouse , built in 1850 , is a Greek Revival courthouse building located in Linden , Alabama , U.S.A ..
Mahrokhi ( Persian : ماهرخي‎‎ , also Romanized as Māhrokhī ) is a village in Beyranvand - e Jonubi Rural District , Bayravand District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Chawłodno ( xaˈvwɔdnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołańcz , within Wągrowiec County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Bagh - e Soltaniyeh ( Persian : باغ سلطانيه‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Solţānīyeh ; also known as Bāgh - e Solţān ) is a village in Baqerabad Rural District , in the Central District of Mahallat County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Totton and Eling is a town and civil parish in Hampshire , England , with a population of around 28,000 people .
Heerhugowaard is part of the province of North - Holland and is located in the west of the Netherlands .
Königsfelden Monastery is a former Franciscan double monastery , which housed both a community of Poor Clare nuns and one of Franciscan friars , living in separate wings , in the municipality of Windisch in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
The 17th Street Canal forms a significant portion of the boundary between the city of New Orleans and Metairie , Louisiana .
The Camas Potholes ( in Camas , Washington ) is a popular place to jump from moderately high cliffs into the waters below .
The Linny Pacillo Parking Garage is a 10 story parking garage in downtown Anchorage , Alaska .
Levan Farm , also known as the Issac Levan Tract and Jacob Levan Farm , is a historic house and farm complex located in Exeter Township , Berks County , Pennsylvania .
Thpong District ( Khmer : ស្រុកថ្ពង ) is a district ( srok ) located in Kampong Speu Province in central Cambodia .
Boya Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located 120 km north - by - northwest of the community of Dease Lake , British Columbia near BC Highway 37 ( the Stewart - Cassiar Highway ) .
Roy 's Motel and Café is a motel , café , gas station and auto repair shop , defunct for many years but now being largely restored , on the National Trails Highway of U.S. Route 66 in the Mojave Desert town of Amboy in San Bernardino County , California .
The Jake Nevin Field House ( originally known as the Villanova Field House ) is an arena located at Villanova University in Villanova , Pennsylvania .
The Swanson River is a stream , 40 miles ( 64 km ) long , on the Kenai Peninsula of south - central Alaska in the United States .
Khar Yek ( Persian : خاريك‎ , also Romanized as Khār Yek and Khārīk ) is a village in Mazkureh Rural District , in the Central District of Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The House at 42 Hopkins Street in Wakefield , Massachusetts is an excellent early example of an Italianate house .
Halfeti ( Ottoman Turkish : روم قلعه‎ Rumkale , ) is a small farming district on the east bank of the river Euphrates in Şanlıurfa Province in Turkey , 120 km from the city of Şanlıurfa .
Atholi is a Grama Panchayath in Kozhikode district of Kerala state , South India .
La Llosa de Ranes ( Valencian pronunciation : ( la ˈʎoza ðe ˈranes ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of Costera in the Valencian Community , Spain .
KAAA ( 1230 AM ) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format , licensed to Kingman , Arizona , USA .
Van Sickle Bi - State Park is a state park straddling the border of California and Nevada , USA .
Kopie ( ˈkɔpjɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godziesze Wielkie , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Sardi - ye Shahabad ( Persian : سردي شاه اباد‎ , also Romanized as Sardī - ye Shāhābād ; also known as Sardī ) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District , in the Central District of Rudbar - e Jonubi County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kookmin University ( hangul:국민대학교 , hanja:國民大學校 ) is the first national private university located in Seongbuk - gu , Seoul , South Korea after the liberation of the Republic of Korea from Japan .
Bryggja is a village in eastern part of Vågsøy Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
The Rafael A. Mangual Coliseum ( Spanish : Coliseo Rafael A. Mangual ) is a sports arena in Mayagüez , Puerto Rico .
Cammeray is a suburb on the lower North Shore of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Średnica - Jakubowięta ( ɕrɛdˈnit͡sa jakubɔˈvjɛnta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Chinabrahmadevam is a village in Peddapuram Mandal , located in East Godavari District of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Forest Heights Collegiate Institute is a high school located in Kitchener , Ontario , Canada that was established in 1964 .
Haleh Siah ( Persian : هاله سياه‎ , also Romanized as Hāleh Sīāh ; also known as Nīs Kajreh , and Nīskeh Jāreh ) is a village in Dasht - e Hor Rural District , in the Central District of Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Main Railway ( German : Mainbahn , pronounced ' mine barn ' ) is a 37.5 km - long double - track electrified railway line , which runs on the south side of the Main River from Mainz to Frankfurt central station .
Dytiatky ( Ukrainian : Дитятки , Russian : Дитятки , also spelled Dytyatky or Dityatki ) is a Ukrainian village in the Ivankiv Raion , Kiev Oblast .
Falling Waters State Park is a 171-acre ( 69 ha ) Florida state park located three miles ( 5 km ) south of Chipley , Washington County in northwestern Florida .
Galveston College ( GC ) is a comprehensive community college located on Galveston Island in Galveston , Texas , United States .
Viroconium or Uriconium , formally Viroconium Cornoviorum , was a Roman town , one corner of which is now occupied by Wroxeter , a small village in Shropshire , England , about 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) east - south - east of Shrewsbury .
Varvandi ( Persian : وروندي‎‎ , also Romanized as Varvandī ) is a village in Beyranvand - e Jonubi Rural District , Bayravand District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Albuquerque Civic Auditorium was an indoor arena in Albuquerque , New Mexico , which was demolished in 1987 .
Ostay - ye Sofla ( Persian : استاي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Ostāy - ye Soflá ; also known as Ostā - ye Pā’īn and Ostāy - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District , Salehabad District , Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Edmonds Historical Museum is a free museum in Edmonds , Washington , which tells the story of Edmonds ' history through various temporary and permanent exhibits and a small collection of artifacts .
St. Joseph Apache Mission Church is a historic church at 626 Mission Trail in Mescalero , New Mexico , United States .
Bosisio Parini is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Lecco in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) north of Milan and about 11 kilometres ( 7 mi ) southwest of Lecco , on the shores of the Lake of Pusiano .
Andy Bailey Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located 28 kilometres southeast of Fort Nelson , British Columbia .
Poštorná is a municipal district located in the town of Břeclav , Czech Republic .
Buabad ( Persian : بواباد‎ , also Romanized as Būābād ; also known as Behābād and Bovārā ) is a village in Momenabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Port Dock railway station was located in the commercial centre of Port Adelaide , South Australia at the corner of St Vincent Street and Lipson Street .
The Illinois Central Missouri River Bridge , also known as the IC Bridge or the East Omaha Bridge , is a rail through truss double swing bridge across the Missouri River connecting Council Bluffs , Iowa , with Omaha , Nebraska .
Qater Yuran - e Sofla ( Persian : قاطريوران سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Qāţer Yūrān - e Soflá ; also known as Haft Barādar ) is a village in Ojarud - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Telese Terme , called simply Telese until 1991 , is a city and comune in the Province of Benevento , in the Campania region of southern Italy .
Bala Hashtal ( Persian : بالاهشتل‎ , also Romanized as Bālā Hashtal ; also known as Hashtal ) is a village in Dabuy - ye Jonubi Rural District , Dabudasht District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Buxa is a village in the Alipurduar district of West Bengal within Buxa Tiger Reserve .
The Pictou County Wellness Centre is a , multi - purpose sporting facility located in New Glasgow , Nova Scotia .
Shareh Khvor ( Persian : شره خور‎ ) is a village in Bask - e Kuleseh Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Zrąb - Kolonia ( ˈzrɔmp kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierbieszów , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Wakefield Park Historic District is a residential historic district encompassing a portion of a late-19th / early-20th century planned development in western Wakefield , Massachusetts .
River Farm ( 25 acres/10.1 ha ) , home to the American Horticultural Society ( AHS ) headquarters , is a historic landscape located at 7931 East Boulevard Drive , Alexandria , Virginia .
Zimotki ( ʑiˈmɔtki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przykona , within Turek County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Rosscarrock is a residential neighbourhood in the south - west quadrant of Calgary , Alberta .
Nemch ( Persian : نمچ‎ , also Romanized as Namch ; also known as Namsh , Nemj , and Nemsh ) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Steady Brook ( 2011 population:408 ) is a Canadian town in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador .
Lingling District ( simplified Chinese : 零陵区 ; traditional Chinese : 零陵區 ; pinyin : Línglíng Qū ; literally : `` zero hill '' ) is one of two districts of Yongzhou , Hunan province , China .
Golbahar - e Mohammad Baqeri ( Persian : گل بهارمحمدباقري‎ , also Romanized as Golbahār - e Moḩammad Bāqerī , Gol Bahār - e Moḩammad Bāqer , and Gol Bahar Mohammad Bagheri ) is a village in Borborud - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Barn Bluff is a mountain located in the Central Highlands region of Tasmania , Australia .
Gilayeh ( Persian : گيلايه‎ , also Romanized as Gīlāyeh ) is a village in Shuil Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Wasilla Airport ( IATA : WWA , ICAO : PAWS , FAA LID : IYS ) is a city - owned public - use airport located about 3.5 miles ( 6 km ) west of the central business district of Wasilla , a city in the Matanuska - Susitna Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska .
Amiriyeh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان اميريه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Arak County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Kocewia Duża ( kɔˈt͡sɛvja ˈduʐa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodów , within Koło County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Skouze Hill ( Greek : Λόφος Σκουζέ ) ( 38 ° 00′N 23 ° 43′E ) is a hill located in Athens .
Suwannee County Airport ( FAA LID : 24J ) is a public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) west of the central business district of the city of Live Oak in Suwannee County , Florida , United States .
Llanvaches or Llanfaches is a village and community parish within the boundaries of the city of Newport , Wales .
Park Ridge High School is a six - year comprehensive community public high school with an integrated two - year middle school located in the borough of Park Ridge in Bergen County , New Jersey , United States , serving students in seventh through twelfth grades as the lone secondary school of the Park Ridge Public Schools .
Crystal River Tourist Camp ( formerly Crystal River Cave Court , today Cave Courts Motel ) is a motor inn built in 1932 in Cave City , Arkansas .
Watchung Reservation is the largest park in Union County , New Jersey , United States .
Kolonia Lisów ( ( kɔˈlɔɲa ˈlisuf ) ; translation : Colony of Foxes ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Herby , within Lubliniec County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
SOARING is a public art work by American artist Lyle London , located in Reiman Plaza at Alverno College on the south side of Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
Murekord ( Persian : موركرد‎ , also Romanized as Mūrekord ; also known as Morekord ) is a village in Mahur Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Water Country USA is a water theme park in York County , Virginia , about 3 miles ( 5 km ) southeast of Williamsburg , Virginia , USA .
The Voorhees Township Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district serving students in Kindergarten through eighth grade from Voorhees Township , in Camden County , New Jersey , United States .
Belekeri is a village in Ankola , Karnataka , India , and is known for its fish .
KULF ( 1090 kHz ) is an AM daytimer radio station based in Bellville , Texas broadcasting a Spanish music format known as `` Radio Luz '' .
Old Westbury Gardens is the former estate of John Shaffer Phipps ( 1874 - -1958 ) , heir to a U.S. Steel fortune , in Nassau County , New York at 71 Old Westbury Road in Old Westbury , New York .
Max - Planck - Institut für Sozialrecht und Sozialpolitik , or the Max Planck Institute for Social Law and Social Policy , is a research facility located in Maxvorstadt , Munich , Bavaria , Germany .
Crossabeg or Crosabeg ( Irish : Na Crosa Beaga ) is a small village in County Wexford , Ireland , just north of Wexford town .
Middlesex County Hospital was a hospital operated by Middlesex County which was operational from the 1930s until 2001 in Waltham and Lexington , Massachusetts .
Mielenko Drawskie ( ( mjɛˈlɛnkɔ ˈdrafskʲɛ ) ; German : Klein Mellen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawsko Pomorskie , within Drawsko County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Catawba Valley Community College is a public community college in Hickory , North Carolina .
The Walleralm is an alp with a mountain inn ( Berggasthaus ) that lies at a height of 1,170 metres ( 3,840 ft ) above sea level at the foot of the Zettenkaiserkopf , a fore peak of the Zettenkaiser in the Austrian state of Tyrol .
Green Lakes State Park is a New York State Park located east of Syracuse in the Town of Manlius .
Castellazzo Bormida ( Ël Castlass in Piedmontese , and Castlass an Burmia or Castlas an Burmia locally ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) southeast of Turin and about 8 kilometres ( 5 mi ) southwest of Alessandria .
Hyllievång is a neighbourhood of Malmö in Sweden , situated in Väster , Malmö Municipality .
Podkosacze ( pɔtkɔˈsat͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wizna , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Warisaliganj is a Town and a Nagar Panchayat in Nawada district , in the Indian state of Bihar .
Blanding Municipal Airport ( IATA : BDG , ICAO : KBDG , FAA LID : BDG ) is a city - owned public - use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) south of the central business district of Blanding , a city in San Juan County , Utah , United States .
Singarathoppe is a small village near East Fort in the Thiruvananthapuram district of Kerala state , south India .
Jishou ( Chinese : 吉首 ; pinyin : Jíshǒu ) is a county - level city and the seat of Xiangxi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture , Hunan province , China .
RES - The School for Renewable Energy Science ( Icelandic : RES - Orkuskólinn ) is a private , non - profit , international graduate school located in the city of Akureyri in northern Iceland and shares its facilities with the University of Akureyri .
Keylong ( or Kyelong or Kyelang ) is the administrative centre of the Lahaul and Spiti district in the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh , 126 km ( 78 mi ) north of Manali and 120 km ( 75 mi ) from the Indo - Tibetan border .
The Croydon Water Palace was an indoor water park complex that opened in 1990 on Purley Way in Waddon in the London Borough of Croydon , opposite Croydon Airport .
The Alvear Tower is a residential and hotel high rise currently under development on Azucena Villaflor Avenue , east of Dock Two in the upscale Puerto Madero section of Buenos Aires .
Farm to Market Road 1523 ( FM 1523 ) is a 7.976 mi ( 12.836 km ) Farm to Market Road in Culberson County , Texas maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation ( TxDOT ) .
Piz Duan is a mountain of the Oberhalbstein Range , overlooking Vicosoprano and the Val Bregaglia , in the Swiss canton of Graubünden .
Papadindar - e Sofla ( Persian : پاپاديندارسفلي‎‎ , also Romanized as Pāpādīndār - e Soflá ) is a village in Keshvar Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Ord Mountains are located in the Mojave Desert of southern California , USA .
Płotówko ( pwɔˈtufkɔ ) ( German : Klein Platenheim ; Kashubian : Môłé Płótowò ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bytów , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kopernica nad Jeziorem ( kɔpɛrˈnit͡sa ˌnad jɛˈʑɔrɛm ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Sorkh Dan ( Persian : سرخ دان‎ , also Romanized as Sorkh Dān and Sorkhdān ) is a village in Jaghin - e Shomali Rural District , Jaghin District , Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Sant'Agata sui Due Golfi is an Italian village , the major hamlet ( frazione ) of the municipality of Massa Lubrense in the Province of Naples , Campania region .
Julian Price Memorial Park is a park of 4,200 acres ( 17 km2 ) at the foot of Grandfather Mountain in North Carolina , named in honor of Julian Price .
Naz Dasht ( Persian : نازدشت‎ , also Romanized as Nāz Dasht ) is a village in Momenabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Case Gym is a 1,800-seat multi - purpose arena at Boston University in Boston , Massachusetts .
The Delatite River , an inland perennial river of the Goulburn Broken catchment , part of the Murray - Darling basin , is located in the lower South Eastern Highlands bioregion and Northern Country / North Central regions of the Australian state of Victoria .
Pazanuyeh ( Persian : پازنويه‎ , also Romanized as Pāzanūyeh ; also known as Pāznū ) is a village in Jolgah Rural District , in the Central District of Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Adampur ( Punjabi : ਆਦਮਪੁਰ , Hindi : आदमपुर ) is a city and a municipal council in Jalandhar district in the Indian state of Punjab .
Coolafancy ( Irish : Cúl na Fuinse ) is a village in County Wicklow in Ireland .
Nightmute Airport ( IATA : NME , ICAO : PAGT , FAA LID : IGT ) is a state - owned public - use airport located southeast of the central business district of Nightmute , a village in the Bethel Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska .
Horijeh ( Persian : حريجه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩorījeh and Ḩarījeh ) is a village in Jahad Rural District , Hamidiyeh District , Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Easley High School Auditorium is a historic building built in 1909 in Easley , South Carolina and now on the National Register of Historic Places .
Griggs Field at James S. Malosky Stadium located on the campus of the University of Minnesota Duluth in Duluth , Minnesota is the home stadium , since 1966 , of the UMD Bulldogs football team and of the UMD women 's soccer since 1994 .
Wyględówek ( vɨɡlɛnˈduvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Los Cerritos Wetlands is located on the border of Los Angeles County and Orange County , spanning the cities of Long Beach , California , and Seal Beach , California , not far from the mouth of the San Gabriel River near the Pacific Ocean .
Caesar Hoskins Log Cabin , is located in Mauricetown section of Commercial Township , Cumberland County , New Jersey , United States .
The James L. Mathewson Exhibition Center is a publicly owned 3,155-seat multi - purpose arena on the Missouri State Fairgrounds in Sedalia , Missouri .
Ulefos Jernværk is an iron foundry located at Ulefoss in the municipality Nome , Norway .
Łopienie - Jeże ( wɔˈpjɛɲɛ ˈjɛʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Kiepojcie ( kʲɛˈpɔi̯t͡ɕɛ ) ( German : Eszergallen until 1936 , 1936 - 38 Eschergallen , 1938 - 45 Äschenbruch ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubeninki , within Gołdap County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Hajji Kola - ye Arazlu ( Persian : حاجي كلاارزلو‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Kolā - ye Ārazlū ; also known as Ḩājī Kolā , Ḩājjī Kalā , Ḩājjī Kolā , and Ḩājjī Kolā Sanam ) is a village in Balatajan Rural District , in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Kulor ( Persian : كولر‎ , also Romanized as Kūlor ) is a village in Haparu Rural District , in the Central District of Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
St. Thomas Aquinas Roman Catholic Separate Regional Division No . 38 is a separate Catholic school authority in Central Alberta and is more commonly referred to as STAR Catholic Schools ( an acronym used for St. Thomas Aquinas Roman ) .
Salehurst is a village in the Rother District of East Sussex , England , within the civil parish of Salehurst and Robertsbridge .
Spences Bridge is a community in the Canadian province of British Columbia , situated 23 miles north east of Lytton and 32 miles from Ashcroft .
Shahrak - e 12 Emam ( Persian : شهرك 12امام‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e 12 Emām ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Ardal County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
WLTJ ( 92.9 FM ) , is a Hot Adult Contemporary music format radio station based in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Firefly Ranch Airfield ( FAA LID : OG25 ) is a private airport located 5 miles northwest of White City in Jackson County , Oregon , USA .
Gehoon Kheri is an Indian village located in the taluk of Bakani , district of Jhalawar , in the State of Rajasthan .
Będkowo ( bɛntˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebnica , within Trzebnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Pyzy ( ˈpɨzɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mońki , within Mońki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Qaba Sukhteh ( Persian : قباسوخته‎ , also Romanized as Qabā Sūkhteh ) is a village in Zilayi Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Jim Hill High School is a public high school located in Jackson , Mississippi ( USA ) , hosting the state 's first and only International Baccalaureate Diploma ( IB ) program , a vigorous international curriculum dedicated to educating its students in worldly academic excellence .
Gachin Rural District ( Persian : دهستان گچين‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Atlantic Municipal Airport ( IATA : AIO , ICAO : KAIO ) is a general aviation airport located two miles ( 3 km ) west of the central business district ( CBD ) of Atlantic , a city in Cass County , Iowa , USA .
The Bellingham Railway Museum in Bellingham , Washington , USA , displays a pictorial and text history of railroad traffic in Bellingham and Whatcom / Skagit Counties , as well as a large electric model railroad , an exhibit of railroad lanterns , and a train simulator based on Microsoft Train Simulator software .
Masha - ye Darvish Sheybani ( Persian : مشاع درويش شيباني‎ , also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye Darvīsh Sheybānī ) is a village in Ganjabad Rural District , Esmaili District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Jahr ( Persian : جهر‎ , also Romanized as Jehār ) is a village in Anduhjerd Rural District , Shahdad District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Spean Bridge railway station is a railway station serving the village of Spean Bridge in the Highland region of Scotland .
The Bay Area Ridge Trail ( Ridge Trail ) is a planned 550 + -mile multi - use trail ( currently over 365 miles are complete ) along the hill and mountain ridgelines ringing the San Francisco Bay Area , in Northern California .
Locate Varesino is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) northwest of Milan and about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) southwest of Como .
Laketown Moravian Brethren 's Church ( also known as Lake Auburn Moravian Church ) is a historic church on County Highway 11 in Victoria , Minnesota , United States .
Stanmore is a suburban residential district of northwest London in the London Borough of Harrow .
The Edward C. Waller Apartments are located from 2840 to 2858 W. Walnut Street in Chicago , Illinois .
KKNU is a commercial country music radio station in Springfield , Oregon , broadcasting to the Eugene - Springfield , Oregon area on 93.3 FM .
After Alaska was established as a customs district by legislation in 1868 , a deputy collector was posted to Fort Tongass as well as to Fort Wrangel , meant to intercept prospectors and commercial traffic bound for the goldfields of the Stikine River inland in British Columbia , and a revenue cutter was stationed in the area 's waters .
Mięsośnia ( mjɛ̃ˈsɔɕɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowno , within Zgierz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Barnes Hall is a student - services building located in the center of the Cornell University campus in Ithaca , New York .
Samuel H. Boardman State Scenic Corridor is a linear state park in southwestern Oregon , in the United States .
The Muskegon Pier Light or South Pierhead Light is a lighthouse located in the harbor of Muskegon , Michigan .
Kin Nahasbas is a Chacoan Anasazi great house and archaeological site located in Chaco Canyon , 25 miles southwest of Nageezi , New Mexico , United States .
The Hotel Breakers , opened in 1905 , is a large historic Lake Erie resort hotel located at 1 Cedar Point Drive in the Cedar Point amusement park in Sandusky , Ohio .
Deh Tushmal ( Persian : ده توشمال‎ , also Romanized as Deh Tūshmāl ) is a village in Darreh Seydi Rural District , in the Central District of Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Majdan Suski ( ˈmai̯dan ˈsuski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsewo , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Abu Mosheyleysh ( Persian : ابومشيلش‎ , also Romanized as Abū Mosheyleysh , Aboo Meshilesh , and Abū Mashīlīsh ) is a village in Muran Rural District , in the Soveyseh District of Karun County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Sharabian ( Persian : شربيان‎ ; also Romanized as Sharabīān , Sharabeyān , and Sharabīyān ) is a city in Mehraban District , Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Cira Centre South is a complex of two skyscrapers under construction in the University City district of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , which is across the Schuylkill River from Center City Philadelphia .
The Elvira Drew Three - Decker is an historic three - decker at 42 Abbott Street in Worcester , Massachusetts .
Lake Lansing Park North is a public park in Haslett , Michigan covering about 410 acres ( 1.7 km2 ) .
Thayer Academy ( TA ) is a private , co - educational , college - preparatory day school located in Braintree , Massachusetts , United States .
Farm to Market Road 3479 ( FM 3479 ) is a short farm to market road in northern Fort Worth , Texas .
Ringarooma is a small town in north - eastern Tasmania .
Grębynice ( ɡrɛmbɨˈnit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zielonki , within Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Pyramidenspitze is a mountain , 1,998 metres high , of the Kaisergebirge in the Austrian state of Tyrol .
Saredon is a civil parish in South Staffordshire district , Staffordshire , England , situated to the north east of Wolverhampton , West Midlands , and to the south west of Cannock .
The Lieberose Photovoltaic Park is a 70.8-megawatt ( MW ) photovoltaic power plant in Lieberose , Brandenburg , Germany .
Yuendumu ( 22 ° 15′S 131 ° 47′E ) is a town in the Northern Territory of Australia .
Miyaneh - ye Sofla ( Persian : ميانه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Mīyāneh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Bakesh - e Do Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Zeughaus ( old Arsenal ) in Berlin , Germany is the oldest structure at Unter den Linden .
Built in 1914 , the Old St. Anastasia Catholic School is a historic school in Fort Pierce , Florida .
The James B. Duke House is located at 1 East 78th Street , on the northeast corner at Fifth Avenue , in the Upper East Side of Manhattan , New York City .
Dinsmore Golf Course , located in Staatsburg , New York , is listed as the third - oldest golf course in the United States , according to the New York State Office of Parks , Recreation and Historic Preservation .
The Hilina Slump is a 5,000 cubic mile ( 20,000 kilometre³ ) section of the Big Island of Hawaii on the south flank of the Kilauea volcano .
El Molino High School is a public four - year comprehensive high school located at 7050 Covey Road in Forestville , California .
Gondimohgaon is a village in the tahsil Katol , in Nagpur district , Maharashtra state , India .
Różyn ( ˈruʐɨn ) ( German : Rosenbeck ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubomino , within Lidzbark County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Vindrey ( Russian : Виндрей ) is a village ( selo ) in Torbeyevsky District of the Republic of Mordovia , Russia .
909 Walnut ( formerly Fidelity National Bank & Trust Building , Federal Office Building and 911 Walnut ) is a twin - spire , 35-story , 471-foot ( 144 m ) converted structure in Kansas City that is Missouri 's tallest apartment building and 10th - tallest habitable building in Missouri .
Mokre - Kolonia ( ˈmɔkrɛ kɔˈlɔɲja ) is a village located in Poland , in the Opole Voivodeship , Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce .
Byšičky is administrative part of nearby town Lysá nad Labem .
Majnun - e Olya ( Persian : مجنون عليا‎ , also Romanized as Majnūn - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Avajiq - e Jonubi Rural District , Dashtaki District , Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 204 , in 39 families .
Saraland High School ( SHS ) , located in Saraland , Alabama , is a public high school operated by the Saraland City School System that educates grades 9 - -12 .
Said Khanlu ( Persian : سعيدخانلو‎ , also Romanized as Sa``īd Khānlū ; also known as Sa``īdābād ) is a village in Yurchi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Kuraim District , Nir County , Ardabil Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 132 , in 32 families .
Sant'Anna Arresi ( Arresi in the Sardinian language ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Carbonia - Iglesias in the Italian region of Sardinia , located about 45 kilometres ( 28 mi ) southwest of Cagliari and about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) southeast of Carbonia .
The Concord School House is a historic one - room schoolhouse in the Germantown section of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Tell Addus is an archaeological site 5 km northwest of Baalbek in the Beqaa Mohafazat ( Governorate ) .
Ramara is a township municipality in Simcoe County , Ontario , Canada .
Estádio Governador Ernani Sátyro , usually known by its nickname Amigão ( sometimes called O Amigão ) , is a multi - purpose stadium in Campina Grande , Brazil .
Lay Hana ( Persian : لاي حنا‎ , also Romanized as Lāy Ḩanā ; also known as Lā - ye Hanā and Lāy Janā ) is a village in Rostaq Rural District , in the Central District of Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Hunter Mountain Fire Tower is located on the summit of the eponymous mountain , second highest of the Catskill Mountains in the U.S. state of New York .
George Corley Wallace State Community College ( referred to as Wallace Community College Selma or WCCS ) is a community college in Selma , Alabama .
Ashkalun ( Persian : اشكالون‎ , also Romanized as Āshkālūn ) is a village in Allahabad Rural District , Zarach District , Yazd County , Yazd Province , Iran .
King 's Schools is a private Christian school , Preschool through 12th grade , located in Shoreline , Washington .
Harimabad ( Persian : حريماباد‎ , also Romanized as Ḩarīmābād ) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District , Zeberkhan District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Bernasconi Hills are a low mountain range of the Peninsular Ranges , located in Riverside County , California , United States .
Chahchaheh ( Persian : چهچهه‎ ) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District , Zavin District , Kalat County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Lörrach Hauptbahnhof is one of seven stations and halts in Lörrach in the German state of Baden - Württemberg .
Chelembra or Idimuzhikkal is a town near Ramanattukara in Malappuram district , Kerala , India .
Karpisz ( ˈkarpiʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śmigiel , within Kościan County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Old Cwmbrân ( Welsh : Hen Gwmbrân ; also known as Cwmbrân Village ) is an area of Cwmbrân , Torfaen in Wales , within the historic boundaries of Monmouthshire .
Ostunrash ( Persian : استون رش‎ , also Romanized as Ostūnrash ; also known as Sotūnrash ) is a village in Shepiran Rural District , Kuhsar District , Salmas County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
East Meadow Jewish Center ( EMJC ) is a Conservative Jewish synagogue located in East Meadow , New York .
Dobieszczyn ( dɔˈbjɛʂt͡ʂɨn ) ( formerly German Entepöl ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Police , within Police County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Trutowo ( truˈtɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kikół , within Lipno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Fort Wolcott was a fortification on the small Goat Island in Newport Harbor of Narragansett Bay less than 1 mile west of the city of Newport , Rhode Island .
Adelsö Church ( Swedish : Adelsö kyrka ) is a church located on the Lake Mälaren island of Adelsö , in Ekerö Municipality in central eastern Sweden .
KUGS ( 89.3 FM ) is a college radio station in Bellingham , Washington , USA , affiliated with Western Washington University .
Camarillo Airport ( ICAO : KCMA , FAA LID : CMA ) is a public airport located three miles ( 5 km ) west of the central business district of Camarillo , a city in Ventura County , California , United States .
The Lorenzo de Zavala State Archives and Library Building is a state library and historic landmark in Downtown Austin , Texas .
Abzaluiyeh ( Persian : آب زالوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Ābzālū’īyeh ; also known as Ābzūlū’īyeh ) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District , in the Central District of Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Hernesaari Heliport ( Finnish : Hernesaaren helikopterikenttä , Swedish : Ärtholmens heliport , ICAO : EFHE ) is located at Hernesaari , in Helsinki , Finland .
Delvar Rural District ( Persian : دهستان دلوار‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Delvar District of Tangestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Sister Elizabeth Maternity Hospital was a hospital in Brooklyn , New York .
The Watertown Dam spans the Charles River 980 feet ( 300 m ) upstream from the Watertown Bridge near Watertown Square in Watertown , Massachusetts .
Mostowice ( mɔstɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bystrzyca Kłodzka , within Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , near the border with the Czech Republic .
Quiet Dell School , also known as West Virginia Mountain Products , Inc. Cooperative , is a historic school building located at Quiet Dell , near Mount Clare , Harrison County , West Virginia .
Archbishop John Carroll High School is a secondary school part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Philadelphia located in Radnor , Pennsylvania .
It is in the Karsog Mandal subdivision of Mandi district in Himachal Pradesh in India .
The Roselle Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre - Kindergarten through twelfth grade from the borough of Roselle , in Union County , New Jersey , United States .
Denshaw is a village in Saddleworth -- a civil parish of the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham , in Greater Manchester , England .
Berlin Mosque ( German : Berliner Moschee , Wilmersdorfer Moschee , Ahmadiyya Moschee ) in Berlin is situated on Brienner Straße 7 - 8 in Berlin - Wilmersdorf .
Windsor Forest High School is a public high school in the Windsor Forest section of Savannah , Georgia .
Radojewice ( radɔjɛˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Biskupia , within Inowrocław County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Battle Creek Sanitarium in Battle Creek , Michigan , United States , was a health resort based on the health principles advocated by the Seventh - day Adventist Church , most notably associated with John Harvey Kellogg .
North Gardner Mountain is a mountain in the North Cascades of Washington state .
Chickasaw Park is a municipal park in Louisville , Kentucky 's west end .
The Nathaniel Bowditch House , sometimes called the Bowditch - Osgood House and the Curwen - Ward - Bowditch House , is a historic house and National Historic Landmark at 9 North Street in Salem , Massachusetts .
Pourvoirie Mirage Aerodrome ( TC LID : CPM3 ) is located on the Trans - Taiga Road near Mirage Lodge Quebec , Canada .
Stare Słone ( ˈstarɛ ˈswɔnɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dziemiany , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Tolki ( Persian : تلكي‎ , also Romanized as Tolkī ) is a village in Chenaran Rural District , in the Central District of Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Sunset Beach Hotel , also referred to as Peters ' Sunset Beach Resort , is a historic resort hotel in Glenwood Township , Pope County , Minnesota , 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) southwest of Glenwood , United States .
The Dorais Velodrome is an abandoned , outdoor velodrome in Dorais Park in Detroit , Michigan , USA .
Pomarzanowice ( pɔmaʐanɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pobiedziska , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Lac qui Parle is a reservoir located in western Minnesota , United States , which was formed by the damming of the Minnesota River .
The Aurora Elks Lodge No . 705 is a Mayan style building on Stolp Island in Aurora , Illinois .
Pacheco State Park is a California State Park to the south of Pacheco Pass in the Diablo Range , located mostly in western Merced County , California but extending into southeastern Santa Clara County and near Hollister in San Benito County .
Darreh Chin ( Persian : دره چين‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Chīn ; also known as Darreh Chi ) is a village in Zalaqi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
KYKA ( 104.9 FM ) is a radio station serving the Anchorage , Alaska , area .
Donbildan ( Persian : دنبيلدان‎ , also Romanized as Donbīldān ) is a village in Poshtkuh - e Rostam Rural District , Sorna District , Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
New England Dragway is a 1/4 mile NHRA dragway in Epping , New Hampshire , a small town in Rockingham County , United States .
Kato Pedina is one of the Zagori villages , also known as Zagorochoria , and is in the municipal unit of Central Zagori .
Jones Futures Academy , previously Jesse H. Jones High School , is a public secondary school in South Park , Houston , Texas , United States .
Hobbs High School ( HHS ) is located in Hobbs , New Mexico , and has a student population of about 1500 students as of 2009 .
Kings Weston Roman Villa is a Roman villa near Lawrence Weston in the north west of Bristol ( grid reference ST533775 ) .
Woodrums ' Building , also known as Woodrum Home Outfitting Co. building , is a historic commercial building located at Charleston , West Virginia , United States .
Royal Oaks Country Club is a country club and subdivision in Houston , Texas , United States in the Alief community .
Gliznowo ( ɡlizˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubień Kujawski , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
WALL ( 1340 AM ) is a radio station licensed to Middletown , New York that serves Orange County , New York .
Konga is a locality situated in Tingsryd Municipality , Kronoberg County , Sweden with 476 inhabitants in 2010 .
Blue Marsh Ski Resort ( formerly named Mt. Heidelberg ) was a small ski resort and winter sports complex that was located just outside Bernville , 10 miles ( 16 km ) north of Reading , Pennsylvania .
Sudeste Rio - Grandense ( Southeast of Rio Grande ) is one of the seven Mesoregions of the state of Rio Grande do Sul in Brazil .
Twin Springs High School is a public high school located in rural Nickelsville , Virginia .
Dahlia Hill ( DH ) is both a protected garden area in the Lower Peninsula of Michigan , encompassing 1.41 acres ( 0.57 ha ) of terraced gardens , and the a 501(c)(3 ) non - profit educational organization that runs the garden .
Ayask Rural District ( Persian : دهستان آیسک‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Sarayan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Massigui is a town and commune in the Cercle of Dioila in the Koulikoro Region of southern Mali .
Kilroot ( from Irish Cill Ruaidh , meaning `` church of the redhead '' ) is a townland , population centre and civil parish in County Antrim , Northern Ireland .
Pobłędzie ( pɔˈbwɛnd͡ʑɛ ) ( German : Pablindszen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubeninki , within Gołdap County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Anglesey or Ynys Môn ( Welsh : Ynys Môn ( ˈənɨs ˈmoːn ) ) is an island off the north - west coast of Wales .
Bivongi is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria , located about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) southwest of Catanzaro and about 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) northeast of Reggio Calabria in the Stilaro Valley , at the feet of the Monte Consolino .
The Mineralogical and Geological Museum at Harvard ( Harvard Mineralogical Museum being the accepted short form of the name ) is located on the grounds of Harvard University in Cambridge , Massachusetts and is one of three museums which collectively comprise the Harvard Museum of Natural History .
Yucheng Postal Stop ( simplified Chinese : 盂城驿 ; traditional Chinese : 盂城驛 ; pinyin : Yúchéng yì ) , also called Yucheng Post is located in the Postal Lane outside the South Gate of Gaoyou , Jiangsu , China , west of the Grand Canal .
The Wilkinson - Martin House , also known as the Sims House , is a historic Federal style house at 954 North 1st Street in Pulaski , Tennessee .
Helena National Forest is located in west - central Montana , in the United States .
Yaran ( Persian : ياران‎ , also Romanized as Yārān ) is a village in Ban Zardeh Rural District , in the Central District of Dalahu County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Mahmudabad - e Seyyed ( Persian : محمودابادسيد‎ , also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād - e Seyyed and Mahmood Abad Seyyed ; also known as Maḩmūdābād and Maḩmūdābād - e Sādāt ) is a village in Mahmudabad - e Seyyed Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Giliogiris is a village in Rietavas municipality , in Telšiai County , in western Lithuania .
KWWN ( 1100 AM ) is a radio station licensed to Las Vegas , Nevada , USA .
Swan Hill Airport ( IATA : SWH , ICAO : YSWH ) is located 2.5 nautical miles ( 4.6 km ; 2.9 mi ) south of Swan Hill , Victoria , Australia .
Gooseberry River is a 23-mile stream in Lake County , Minnesota , USA , draining into Lake Superior .
Jarochy ( jaˈrɔxɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Belsk Duży , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Willmar Municipal Airport ( IATA : ILL , ICAO : KBDH , FAA LID : BDH ) , also known as John L. Rice Field , is a city - owned public - use airport located west of the central business district of Willmar , a city in Kandiyohi County , Minnesota , United States .
The House at 49 Vinal Avenue in Somerville , Massachusetts is a stylish combination of Colonial Revival and Shingle styling .
Mołczany ( mɔu̯ˈt͡ʂanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Qurkhvod ( Persian : قورخود‎ , also Romanized as Qūrkhvod and Qūrkhūd ) is a village in Razliq Rural District , in the Central District of Sarab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
WAQA - LP is a Religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Morganton , Georgia , serving the Morganton / Mineral Bluff area .
Tutah Khaneh ( Persian : توته خانه‎ , also Romanized as Tūtah Khāneh ; also known as Tūtā Khāneh ) is a village in Benajuy - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Bonab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Obudno ( ɔˈbudnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąsawa , within Żnin County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Ilanlu Tappeh ( Persian : ايلانلوتپه‎ , also Romanized as Īlānlū Tappeh ) is a village in Marhemetabad - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Ganjgah ( Persian : گنجگاه‎ , also Romanized as Ganjgāh ; also known as Janchāy , Jandchāi , Jand Chāy , Jandchāy , and Kandzha ) is a village in Sanjabad - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Kowsar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Kaimy ( kaimɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabne , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Kotia is a village located in Kanina tehsil , district Mahendragarh , Haryana .
Sheffield Avenue is a north - south street in Chicago , Illinois .
Darzard ( Persian : دارزرد‎ , also Romanized as Dārzard ) is a village in Sardasht Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Teviot Range , also referred to as the Flinders Peak Group , is a mountain range located on the northern edge of the Scenic Rim Region , south west of Logan City and south east of the City of Ipswich in South East Queensland , Australia .
Furthermore , Oberweißbach is the location of the municipal administration Bergbahnregion / Schwarzatal with communities of Cursdorf , Deesbach , Katzhütte , Oberweißbach and Meuselbach - Schwarzmühle .
The Starke Round Barn near Red Cloud , Nebraska , United States , is a round barn that was built in 1902 .
Wyryki - Wola ( vɨˈrɨki ˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyryki , within Włodawa County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Kołaki - Strumienie ( kɔˈwaki struˈmjɛɲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mały Płock , within Kolno County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The CFE Federal Credit Union Arena ( CFE Arena ) ( formerly known as the UCF Arena ) is a sports and entertainment arena located in Orlando , Florida on the main campus of The University of Central Florida .
Stoke Abbott is a village and civil parish in west Dorset , England , 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) west of Beaminster .
Sweet Hollow Presbyterian Church Parsonage is a historic Presbyterian church parsonage at 152 Old Country Road in Melville , Suffolk County , New York .
Ambalaseri is a village in Tuticorin District in the southern region of Tamil Nadu , India .
Dalv - e Nazar ( Persian : دلونظر‎ , also Romanized as Dalv - e Naz̧ar and Dalv Naz̧ar ; also known as Dar Nazar ) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District , in the Central District of Khorrambid County , Fars Province , Iran .
Oorpally is a small village near Koyileri , Mananthavady on the banks of the river Kabini in the Wayanad district of Kerala state , south India .
Osia Góra ( ˈɔɕa ˈɡura ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzikowiec , within Kolbuszowa County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Krasienin ( kraˈɕenin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemce , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Dial Range is a small mountain range in northwest Tasmania , south of the town of Penguin near the coast .
The Col . John Streett House is a historic home located at Street , Harford County , Maryland , United States .
Chandravati ( Hindi : चन्द्रावती ) , popularly known as Chandroti , is a village situated near Abu Road on the bank of the West Banas River in the Indian state of Rajasthan .
Alarazbum ( Persian : الارزبوم‎ , also Romanized as Alārazbūm and Alārz Būm ; also known as Alārazbīm ) is a village in Shohada Rural District , Yaneh Sar District , Behshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Arkholme - with - Cawood is a civil parish of the City of Lancaster in Lancashire , England .
Madan - e Sughan ( Persian : معدن صوغان‎ , also Romanized as Maʿdan - e Şūghān ; also known as Maʿdan - e Şūqān ) is a village in Soghan Rural District , Soghan District , Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kraggenburg is a settlement in the Noordoostpolder area of the Netherlands , with 1500 inhabitants .
Toro Peak , in Southern California , is the highest mountain in the Santa Rosa Mountain Range .
Sękocin Nowy ( sɛŋˈkɔt͡ɕin ˈnɔvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raszyn , within Pruszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Savoj Bolagh ( Persian : ساوج بلاغ‎ , also Romanized as Sāvoj Bolāgh ; also known as Sāvoj Bolāghī ) is a village in Arshaq Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Busad ( Persian : بوسعد‎ , also Romanized as Būsa``d ; also known as Bū Sa``īd ) is a village in Mahvelat - e Shomali Rural District , Shadmehr District , Mahvelat County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The Jeffries Ford Covered Bridge was southwest of Bridgeton , Indiana .
The Hennepin Canal Parkway State Park , also just called the Hennepin Canal , is an abandoned waterway in northwest Illinois , between the Mississippi River at Rock Island and the Illinois River near Hennepin .
Tokyo Bay NK Hall was an indoor sporting arena located at the Tokyo Disney Resort in Urayasu , Chiba , in Japan .
Trap Pond State Park is a 3653 acre ( 8.5 km² ) Delaware state park located near Laurel , Delaware .
Ludlow Tent Colony Site is an area in Ludlow , Colorado associated with the Ludlow Massacre that was designated a U.S. National Historic Landmark on January 16 , 2009 .
Bergen - Enkheim is a city district and an Ortsbezirk of Frankfurt am Main , Germany .
The River Hebert is a small tidal river that empties into the Cumberland Basin , and is contained completely within Cumberland County , Nova Scotia .
Nowodziel ( nɔˈvɔd͡ʑel ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Lake Tuggeranong College is an Australian Capital Territory public school catering to Year 11 and 12 students ( aged between 16 and 18 years ) .
Strzemieczne - Wiosny ( stʂɛˈmjɛt͡ʂnɛ ˈvjɔsnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młynarze , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
DCP El Primero High School is a public charter high school in San Jose , California .
The Norlin Quadrangle Historic District comprises the core of the main campus of the University of Colorado campus in Boulder , Colorado .
Qaleh - ye Darab Khan ( Persian : قلعه داراب خان‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye Dārāb Khān ) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District , Mahidasht District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 541 , in 119 families .
Borowno ( bɔˈrɔvnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mykanów , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Pembrey ( Welsh : Pen - bre ) is a village in Carmarthenshire , Wales , situated between Burry Port and Kidwelly , overlooking Carmarthen Bay .
Galuzardab ( Persian : گلوزرداب‎ , also Romanized as Galūzardāb ; also known as Gol Zardeh and Gol Zardū ) is a village in Estabraq Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kierpajny Małe ( kʲɛrˈpai̯nɨ ˈmawɛ ) ( German : Klein Körpen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieniężno , within Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Myjomice ( mɨjɔˈmit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kępno , within Kępno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Shahrak - e Boneh Kolaghi ( Persian : شهرك بنه كلاغي‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Boneh Kolāghī ) is a village in Rizab Rural District , Qatruyeh District , Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Barton Gravel Pit is a 1.1 hectare nature reserve east of Barton - le - Clay in Bedfordshire .
The Pemigewasset Wilderness is a 45,000-acre ( 182 km2 ) federally designated Wilderness Area in the heart of New Hampshire 's White Mountains .
Bothwell Lodge State Historic Site is a state - owned property located north of Sedalia , Missouri , United States , preserving the 31-room , 12,000-square - foot summer home , Bothwell Lodge , built for Sedalia attorney John Homer Bothwell .
300 East Pratt Street is a hotel under construction in Baltimore , Maryland .
The Raymond H. Fogler Library is an academic library at the University of Maine in Orono .
The Warm Springs Natural Area , also known as the Warm Springs Ranch , is located near the Moapa Indian Reservation in Clark County , Nevada , at an elevation of 2,123 feet ( 647 m ) .
Metakha Gewog ( Dzongkha : སྨད་བཏབ་ཁ་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Chukha District , Bhutan .
Trdkova ( pronounced ( ˈtəɾtkɔʋa ) ; Hungarian : Türke ) is a village in the Municipality of Kuzma in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia .
The Great War Flying Museum is an aviation museum located at the Brampton Airport ( CNC3 ) in Caledon , Ontario Canada .
Sirikot is a Mashwani village in Haripur District and Ghazi Tehsil , in Pakistan 's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province at 34 ° 10'60N 73 ° 43'50E.
Gardna ( ˈɡardna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
American Airlines Flight 587 was a regularly scheduled passenger flight from John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York City to Santo Domingo 's Las Américas International Airport in the Dominican Republic .
Morton - on - Swale is a large village and civil parish in the Hambleton district of North Yorkshire , England .
Chapar Pord ( Persian : چپرپرد‎ ; also known as Chapar Pord - e Pā’īn and Chapar Pūr ) is a village in Hajji Bekandeh - ye Koshk - e Bijar Rural District , Khoshk - e Bijar District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Scholastic Building at 557 Broadway between Prince and Spring Streets in the SoHo neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City , was the first new building to be constructed in the SoHo - Cast Iron Historic District , replacing a one - story garage built in 1954 .
Gruiten station is one of the two stations of the Bergian city of Haan in the German state of North Rhine - Westphalia .
Clevedon Court is a manor house on Court Hill in Clevedon , North Somerset , England , dating from the early 14th century .
Arncott or Arncot is a village and civil parish about 3 1⁄2 miles ( 5.6 km ) southeast of Bicester in Oxfordshire .
Kolonia Bolimowska - Wieś ( kɔˈlɔɲa bɔliˈmɔfska ˈvjɛɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolimów , within Skierniewice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Rybinka ( rɨˈbinka ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stegna , within Nowy Dwór Gdański County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Mutschellen is the name of a pass in the canton of Aargau in the district of Bremgarten near the border of canton Zurich .
Van Veghten 's Bridge is a bridge spanning the Raritan River in Somerset County , New Jersey , connecting the Finderne section of Bridgewater with Manville .
Anápolis is a Brazilian municipality of the State of Goiás .
Krasna Góra ( ˈkrasna ˈɡura ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemodlin , within Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Brown - Moore Blacksmith Shop is a historic blacksmith shop located at Luzerne Township , Fayette County , Pennsylvania .
Hajjiabad - e Amlak ( Persian : حاجي اباداملاك‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād - e Āmlāḵ ; also known as Ḩājjīābād and Ḩājīābād ) is a village in Ferunabad Rural District , in the Central District of Pakdasht County , Tehran Province , Iran .
KMJM - FM ( 100.3 FM , `` The Beat '' ) is a radio station serving the area of St. Louis , Missouri , USA , with a Classic hip hop format .
Qasrian ( Persian : قصريان‎ , also Romanized as Qaşrīān , Qaşreyān , and Qasrīyān ) is a village in Naran Rural District , in the Central District of Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Rooster Rock State Park is a state park located east of Corbett , in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Bear Canyon Lake is a lake built by Arizona Game and Fish Department for angler recreation .
The John McMahon House is a Federal style mansion located in Courtland , Alabama .
Velekinca or Velekincë is a village in the municipality of Gnjilane , Kosovo .
Albany Free School alumni have continued into occupations including development director at an alternative education organization , and an undersecretary for the Governor of New York .
The Onawa IOOF Opera House , also known as the Onawa Opera House , is a historic opera house located in Onawa , Iowa .
Tupraq Qaleh ( Persian : توپراق قلعه‎ , also Romanized as Tūprāq Qal``eh and Towprāq Qal``eh ) is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 1,831 , in 476 families .
Hudson Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CJA9 ) , is located on Lost Lake near Hudson , in the Kenora District of Ontario , Canada .
The Dominguez Rancho Adobe is California Historical Landmark Number 152 , and in 1976 was placed on the National Register of Historic Places by the United States Department of the Interior .
Saxony - Anhalt ( German : Sachsen - Anhalt , pronounced ( ˌzaksn̩ ˈanhalt ) ) is a landlocked federal state of Germany surrounded by the federal states of Lower Saxony , Brandenburg , Saxony and Thuringia .
Cape Hatteras National Seashore is a United States national seashore which preserves the portion of the Outer Banks of North Carolina from Bodie Island to Ocracoke Island , stretching over 70 miles ( 110 km ) , and is managed by the National Park Service .
Banten is the westernmost province on the island of Java , in Indonesia .
Madras Cooperative Farm ( Persian : مزرعه تعاوني مدرس‎ -- Mazra``eh - ye Tʿāvanī Madras ) is a village and cooperative farm in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Semnan County , Semnan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Toothill Fort , or Toothill Ring , or Toothill camp , is the site of an Iron Age univallate hill fort located in Hampshire .
Wapienno ( vaˈpʲɛnːɔ ) ( German : Wappin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barcin , within Żnin County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Copper Country State Forest is a state forest in the west - central Upper Peninsula of Michigan .
Darlington Nuclear Generating Station is a Canadian nuclear power station located on the north shore of Lake Ontario in Clarington , Ontario .
The Edgar Thomson Steel Works is a steel mill in the Pittsburgh area community of North Braddock , Pennsylvania , United States .
The Wright Morris Boyhood House is a vernacular style house built in 1893 in Central City Nebraska .
The Southwest Branch Indian River is a short stream in Addison , Maine .
Roehampton is a suburban district in southwest London , forming the western end of the London Borough of Wandsworth .
Valencia de Jesús is a Colombian town and corregimiento of Valledupar in the Department of Cesar .
Lahr Farm is a historic home and farm located in Warwick Township , Chester County , Pennsylvania .
Caliente Railroad Depot is a historic Mission Revival Style railway station , located in Caliente , Lincoln County , Nevada .
The Domshof ( Cathedral Court ) is a town square in Bremen , north of the cathedral and the Marktplatz .
Zalian Rural District ( Persian : دهستان زاليان‎‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Zalian District , Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Azusa Pacific University ( APU ) is a private , Wesleyan - Holiness , evangelical Christian university located near Los Angeles in suburban Azusa , California , United States .
Rearquhar is a township , which lies in the valley of the River Evelix , 4 miles northwest from Dornoch , in Sutherland , Scottish Highlands and is in the Scottish council area of Highland .
The House at 197 Morrison Avenue in Somerville , Massachusetts is the city 's finest example of vernacular Gothic Revival architecture .
WDGG ( 93.7 FM ) is one of several country music formatted radio stations in the Huntington , West Virginia , Ashland , Kentucky , and Ironton , Ohio , market area .
Bembridge House , also known as Green - Rankin - Bembridge House , is a registered historic building located across from Drake Park in Long Beach , California , United States .
Changyuan County ( simplified Chinese : 长垣县 ; traditional Chinese : 長垣縣 ; pinyin : Chángyuán Xiàn ) is a county in Xinxiang , Henan province , China .
The Marcus Nanotechnology Building ( MNB ) is a Georgia Institute of Technology facility .
Park East Day School ( officially called Rabbi Arthur Schneier Park East Day School ) is a traditional Jewish day school , located on the upper east side of the Borough of Manhattan , in New York City .
Rastgordan ( Persian : راستگردان‎ , also Romanized as Rāstgordān ; also known as Rāst Kordān ) is a village in Esfandan Rural District , in the Central District of Komijan County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Horenychi ( Ukrainian : Гореничі ) is a village in Ukraine , in the Kiev - Sviatoshyn Raion ( district ) of the Kiev Oblast .
Naples High School is a secondary education school located in Naples , Florida , and is one of eight public high schools located in Collier County .
Sebala ( Persian : سبلا‎ , also Romanized as Sebalā ) is a village in Khorramdasht Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhbanan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Omaha Reservation of the federally recognized Omaha tribe is located mostly in Thurston County , Nebraska , with sections in neighboring Cuming and Burt counties , in addition to Monona County in Iowa .
Reric or Rerik was one of the Viking Age multi - ethnic Slavic - Scandinavian emporia on the southern coast of the Baltic Sea , located near Wismar in the present - day German state of Mecklenburg - Vorpommern Reric was built around 700 , when Slavs of the Obodrite tribe settled the region .
The Palais de la musique et des congrès ( official English name : Strasbourg Convention Centre ) is a music venue and convention center in the Wacken district of Strasbourg , France , close to the European quarter .
The Burnet County Courthouse is an historic courthouse located in Burnet , Burnet County , Texas , United States .
The City of Wyndham is a local government area in Victoria , Australia in the outer south - western suburbs of Melbourne , between Melbourne and the regional city of Geelong .
Sugarloaf Mountain ( Portuguese : Pão de Açúcar ) is a peak situated in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , at the mouth of Guanabara Bay on a peninsula that sticks out into the Atlantic Ocean .
San Gregorio nelle Alpi ( Veneto : San Regorio ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Belluno in the Italian region Veneto , located about 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) northwest of Venice and about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) west of Belluno .
Chapel Stile is a village in Cumbria , England , located approximately 5 miles northwest of Ambleside , within the Langdale valley .
Sarasgad is a village situated near Pali in the Indian state of Maharashtra .
Dubicze ( duˈbit͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kornica , within Łosice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kalateh - ye Ahmad ( Persian : كلاته احمد‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Aḩmad ) is a village in Dughayi Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Henninger High School also has chapters in the National Honor Society , Tri - M Music Honor Society and the only chapter of the National Art Honor Society in Upstate New York
Saint Jacques - sur - Coudenberg ( French ) or Sint - Jacob - op - Koudenberg ( Dutch ) is a neoclassical church located in the historic square of Place Royale in central Brussels , Belgium .
Soerendonk , Sterksel en Gastel was a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant .
Wysoka Kamieńska ( vɨˈsɔka kaˈmjɛɲska ) ( German Wietstock ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golczewo , within Kamień County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Stare Brzóski ( ˈstarɛ ˈbʐuski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Gol Seyyed ( Persian : گل سيد‎ ; also known as Gol Sa``īd ) is a village in Avajiq - e Jonubi Rural District , Dashtaki District , Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 220 , in 37 families .
The Valley City Wetland Management District is located in the U.S. state of North Dakota and consists of 76,000 acres ( 307 km2 ) .
Batman Park is an urban park , located on the northern bank of the Yarra River in central Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Szkody ( ˈʂkɔdɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
KSES - FM is a Spanish adult hits - formatted radio station licensed to Seaside , California , broadcasting to the Santa Cruz area on 107.1 MHz FM .
Bardowie Castle is located 2 miles east of Milngavie , in East Dunbartonshire , Scotland .
The Castleton Bridge is a cantilever truss bridge over the Hudson River , connecting Coeymans , Albany County with Schodack , Rensselaer County in New York .
The Mandeville Inn was a structure that stood at 493 Newark - Pompton Turnpike in Pequannock Township , New Jersey , United States .
The National Historic Trails Interpretive Center ( NHTIC ) is a 11,000-square - foot ( 1,000 m2 ) interpretive center about several of the National Historic Trails , and is located northwest of Casper , Wyoming on Interstate 25 .
Irondequoit Bay is a large body of water located in northeastern Monroe County , New York .
Shungnak Airport ( IATA : SHG , ICAO : PAGH , FAA LID : SHG ) is a state - owned public - use airport located in Shungnak , a city in the Northwest Arctic of the U.S. state of Alaska .
The Hadjigeorgakis Kornesios Mansion is situated near the Archbishopric , in the neighbourhood of Saint Antonios in Nicosia , Cyprus , where the wealthy notables of the Greek community traditionally used to live .
The Ludwig von Mises Institute ( LvMI ) , often referred to as the Mises Institute , is a tax - exempt libertarian organization located in Auburn , Alabama , United States .
The Spiridon Peninsula is a mountainous peninsula on the northwest side of Kodiak Island , Alaska on the Shelikof Strait situated between Uganik Bay and Uyak Bay .
Ojaq Alazar ( Persian : اوجاق الازار‎ , also Romanized as Ojāq Ālāzār ; also known as Alazar , Ālz̄ar , and Ojāq ) is a village in Ojarud - e Markazi Rural District , in the Central District of Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Wood Street Village is a clustered and linear village in Surrey , England with a village green , buffered by Metropolitan Green Belt on all sides .
The James Montgomery Flagg House is an historic house on St. Martin 's Lane in the Biddeford Pool area of Biddeford , York County , Maine .
Gasholkhi ( Persian : گاشلخي‎ , also Romanized as Gāsholkhī ) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District , in the Central District of Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Llanbabo ( Welsh : Church of Pabo ) is a small village two miles north west of Llannerch - y - medd in Anglesey , Wales .
Madera Canyon ( English : `` Lumber Gorge '' ) is a canyon in the northwestern face of the Santa Rita Mountains , twenty - five miles southeast of Tucson , Arizona .
The Flandreau Indian Reservation is an Indian reservation , belonging to the federally recognized Flandreau Santee Sioux Tribe of South Dakota .
Bronki ( ˈbrɔnki ) ( German : Breunken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczęta , within Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Band Bast - e Bala ( Persian : بندبست بالا‎ , also Romanized as Band Bast - e Bālā ; also known as Band Bast ) is a village in Harm Rural District , Juyom District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Sharvand ( Persian : شاروند‎ , also Romanized as Shārvand ; also known as Sharband ) is a village in Zalaqi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Jiribam is a town and a municipal council in Imphal East district in the Indian state of Manipur . The town is located on the western most boundary of the State , adjoining Cachar district of Assam .
Estadio Charrúa is a multi - use stadium in the Carrasco neighborhood of Montevideo , Uruguay used mostly for football and rugby union matches .
Hugh Taylor Birch State Park is a Florida State Park located in Fort Lauderdale , on East Sunrise Boulevard ( SR 838 ) , between the Intracoastal Waterway and SR A1A.
Buszynko Pierwsze ( buˈʂɨnkɔ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice , within Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Kużawka ( kuˈʐafka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Outrup ( or Ovtrup ) is a town in Varde Municipality in the Region of Southern Denmark .
Oksøy Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Oksøy fyr ) is a coastal lighthouse located off Kristiansand , Norway .
Rochon Sands is a summer village on Buffalo Lake in central Alberta , Canada .
Markowce ( marˈkɔft͡sɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Марківці , Markivtsi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanok , within Sanok County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Solnica ( sɔlˈnit͡sa ) ( German : Lakendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański , within Nowy Dwór Gdański County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Woodland Regional High School is a high school located in the western part of Beacon Falls , Connecticut , near the town line shared with Oxford .
Seven Oaks General Hospital is a community hospital in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada .
Glan - Münchweiler station ( officially called Glanmünchweiler until 1900 and also from 1943 to 1947 ) is the station of the town of Glan - Münchweiler in the German state of Rhineland - Palatinate .
CJNW - FM ( Hot 107 , stylized as HOT 107 ) is a Canadian radio station , that broadcasts a rhythmic top 40 format at 107.1 FM in Edmonton , Alberta .
Gunntown Cemetery is an old cemetery in Naugatuck , Connecticut which was established in 1790 .
The Burgumer Mar ( Dutch : Bergumermeer ) is a lake near the town of Burgum in the Dutch province of Friesland .
WCMO ( 98.5 FM ) is a student operated radio station licensed to Marietta , Ohio , USA .
The École Militaire ( French pronunciation : ​(ekɔl militɛʁ ) , Military School ) is a vast complex of buildings housing various military training facilities located in the 7th arrondissement of Paris , France , southeast of the Champ de Mars .
The Karren is a mountain within the city bounds of Dornbirn , in Western Austria .
Bausman , Pennsylvania is an unincorporated community located in Lancaster Township in Lancaster County , Pennsylvania .
Villanovafranca , Bidda Noa Franca in sardinian language , is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Medio Campidano in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) north of Cagliari and about 13 kilometres ( 8 mi ) northeast of Sanluri .
Lydiard Tregoze is a small village and civil parish on the western edge of Swindon in the county of Wiltshire , in the south west of England .
Radziuszki ( raˈd͡ʑuʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
The Dillon Memorial is located in LeClaire Park , near downtown Davenport , Iowa , United States .
Braddock 's Field is a historic battlefield on the banks of the Monongahela River , at Braddock , Pennsylvania , near the junction of Turtle Creek ( Monongahela River ) , about nine miles southeast of the `` Forks of the Ohio '' in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Lodge Corner , Arkansas ( also Lodge or Lodges Corner prior to 1950 ) is an unincorporated community in Arkansas County , Arkansas , United States .
WSDS is a radio station in Superior Charter Township , Michigan , that broadcasts at 1480 kHz .
Arethusa Falls is a waterfall in the White Mountains of New Hampshire in the United States .
Dauphin Lake is located in western Manitoba near the city of Dauphin , Manitoba .
Chutine , originally Chutine Landing , is an abandoned locality and is a former settlement at the confluence of the Chutine and Stikine Rivers in the Stikine Country of northwestern British Columbia , Canada .
Herronton is a hamlet in southern Alberta , Canada , within Vulcan County .
Pir Yunes ( Persian : پيريونس‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Yūnes ) is a village in Sara Rural District , in the Central District of Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Globe Ranger Station is the principal office of the Globe Ranger District of the Tonto National Forest in Arizona .
Santala railway station ( abbrev . Sta , Finnish : Santalan seisake and Swedish : Sandö station ) is a railway stop in the city of Hanko , Finland along the Hanko - Hyvinkää Railroad .
Teabo Municipality ( Spanish pronunciation : ( teˈaβo ) ) is one of the 106 subdivisions of the State of Yucatán in Mexico .
WWWH - FM ( 92.7 FM , `` Paradise 92.7 '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Haleyville , Alabama , USA .
Wordragen is a small Dutch settlement , north of Ammerzoden in the Maasdriel municipality of Gelderland province .
Abu Jalal - e Shomali ( Persian : ابوجلال شمالي‎ , also Romanized as Abū Jalāl - e Shomālī and Abū Jalāl - e Shemālī ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Dasht - e Azadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Łochyńsko ( wɔˈxɨɲskɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozprza , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Ciyu ( Chinese : 慈峪 ; pinyin : Cíyù ) is a town of Lingshou County in western Hebei province , China , located in the eastern foothills of the Taihang Mountains 17 kilometres ( 11 mi ) north - northwest of the county seat .
Dorotheenstadt is a historic zone or neighbourhood ( Stadtviertel ) of central Berlin , Germany , which forms part of the locality ( Ortsteil ) of Mitte within the borough ( Bezirk ) also called Mitte .
The Sweet Grass Hills ( Blackfoot : kátoyissiksi , Cheyenne : vé'ho'ôhtsévóse , Salish : ččaɫalqn , `` three peaks '' ) are a small group of low mountains rising more than 3,000 feet above the surrounding plains southwest of Whitlash , Montana in Liberty and Toole County , Montana .
Badjan ( Persian : بادجان‎ , also Romanized as Bādjān and Bādejān ; also known as Bādejān - e Varzaq , Bādgūn , Bādījān , and Bādjān - e Varzaq ) is a village in Varzaq Rural District , in the Central District of Faridan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Pearl Roundabout or Lulu Roundabout ( Arabic : دوار اللؤلؤ(ة)‎ Dawwār al - luʾluʾ(ah ) , `` Roundabout of the pearl(s ) '' ) was a roundabout located near the financial district of Manama , Bahrain .
St. Charles County Smartt Airport , also known as Smartt Field , is a county owned , public use airport in St. Charles County , Missouri , United States .
Ruz Gireh ( Persian : روزگيره‎‎ , also Romanized as Rūz Gīreh ; also known as Rūzeh Gīreh ) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Mirza Rahim ( Persian : ميرزارحيم‎ , also Romanized as Mīrzā Raḥīm ) is a village in Ludab Rural District , Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Schleswig station is the station of the city of Schleswig in the German state of Schleswig - Holstein .
Kurumbhur , also named as Kurambur or Kurumbur , a Village located at Cheyyar taluk , Thiruvannamalai district of Tamil Nadu
Great Bidlake is a Grade II * listed manor house in the parish of Bridestowe on the north western edge of Dartmoor in the county of Devon , England .
Pinamar Partido is a small partido on the Atlantic coast of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina .
Canon 's Town or Canonstown ( Ordnance Survey ) is a hamlet in west Cornwall , England , UK , situated on the A30 main road in Ludgvan civil parish , between Penzance and Hayle .
Joliet Army Ammunition Plant ( JOAAP , formerly known as the Joliet Arsenal ) was a United States Army arsenal located in Will County , Illinois , near Elwood , Illinois , south of Joliet , Illinois .
San Lorenzo in Banale ( German : Sankt Lorenz ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) west of Trento .
The Théâtre de l'Atelier is a theatre at 1 , place Charles Dullin in the 18th arrondissement of Paris .
Zhecheng County ( Chinese : 柘城县 ; Pinyin : Zhéchéng Xiàn ) is a county of Shangqiu city , Henan province , People 's Republic of China , with the population of about 1,000,000 .
Sawtooth Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County , Idaho , United States , located high in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area .
Pachattiri is a small village located near Tirur in Kerala , India .
The Roman Catholic High School of Philadelphia opened in 1890 as an all - male high school located at the intersection of Broad and Vine Streets in Center City , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , United States within the Archdiocese of Philadelphia .
Grochy - Serwatki ( ˈɡrɔxɨ sɛrˈvatki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gzy , within Pułtusk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
De Noord ( English : The North ) is a windmill located on the Noordvest 38 in Schiedam , Netherlands .
The Han Sang Soo Embroidery Museum is an art museum specializing in Korean embroidery located in Gahoe - dong , Jongno - gu , central of Seoul , South Korea .
Mroga Dolna ( ˈmrɔɡa ˈdɔlna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogów , within Brzeziny County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Pakoszówka ( pakɔˈʂufka ) ( Ukrainian : Пакошівка , Pakoshivka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sanok , within Sanok County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Upper Bohn Lake is a reservoir in Lake County , California , located near Aetna Springs , California .
PlazAmericas , formerly known as Sharpstown Mall and earlier Sharpstown Center , is a shopping mall located in the Sharpstown development in Greater Sharpstown , Houston , Texas .
Zabiele - Kolonia ( zaˈbjɛlɛ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niedźwiada , within Lubartów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Khoshgenab ( Persian : خشگناب‎ , also Romanized as Khoshgenāb ; also known as Khoshkenāb ) is a village in Abbas - e Sharqi Rural District , Tekmeh Dash District , Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Veroor , a small township , in Changanacherry , Kottayam , Kerala , famous for the mini industrial estate(MIE ) .
The Gare des Brotteaux is an old railway station located in the Brotteaux quarter , in the 6th arrondissement of Lyon .
Lenk i m Simmental ( or simply Lenk ) is a municipality in the Obersimmental - Saanen administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Cedar Cove Feline Conservatory & Sanctuary is a small sanctuary located in Louisburg , Kansas , United States .
West Marin is the largest rural region of Marin County , California .
Mandaq ( Persian : منداق‎ , also Romanized as Mandāq ; also known as Mandak and Mindāq ) is a village in Qeshlaqat - e Afshar Rural District , Afshar District , Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Solms is a town west of Wetzlar in the Lahn - Dill - Kreis , Hessen , Germany .
Shah Veysabad ( Persian : شاه ويس اباد‎ , also Romanized as Shāh Veysābād ) is a village in Horr Rural District , Dinavar District , Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Bar Ahang ( Persian : براهنگ‎ , also Romanized as Bar Āhang and Barāheng ; also known as Derakht - e Lashkarī ) is a village in Jakdan Rural District , in the Central District of Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Ruszajny ( ruˈʂai̯nɨ ) ( German : Reuschhagen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Grahamsville Historic District is a historic district located along both sides of NY 55 just east of that hamlet in the Town of Neversink in Sullivan County , New York , USA .
Ute Mountain ( or Ute Peak or Sleeping Ute Mountain ) , is a peak within the Ute Mountains , a small mountain range in the southwestern corner of Colorado .
Wilson 's Inheritance is a historic home and farm complex located at Union Bridge , Carroll County , Maryland , United States .
Kloka ( Serbian : Клока ) is a village in the municipality of Topola , Serbia .
Grange Arch , also known as Creech Folly , is an 18th - century folly that is located near the second highest point of the Purbeck Hills , Ridgeway Hill ( 199 m ) , in Dorset .
The Tower of Memories is a mausoleum located at Crown Hill Cemetery in Wheat Ridge , Colorado , USA .
WRSG ( 91.5 FM ) is a non - commercial high school radio station licensed to serve Middlebourne , West Virginia .
Brzeszczyny ( bʐɛʂˈt͡ʂɨnɨ ) ( German : Schwillgarben ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo , within Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
The Purple Onion was a celebrated cellar club in the North Beach area of San Francisco , California , located at 140 Columbus Avenue ( between Jackson and Pacific ) .
North Penn High School is a part of the North Penn School District and is located in Towamencin Township , Pennsylvania , about a mile outside of Lansdale borough , 25 miles northwest of Philadelphia , along Valley Forge Road ( PA Route 363 ) .
Prey Kabbas District is a district located in Takéo Province , in southern Cambodia .
Skwierawy ( skfjɛˈravɨ ) ( Kashubian : Skwirawë ) is a village in Gmina Studzienice , Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Ayanur also spelled as Ayanooru ( Kannada : ಆಯನೂರು ) is a village in the Sindhanur taluk of Raichur district in the Indian state of Karnataka .
Blum Stadium was the home of Parsons College ( Fairfield , Iowa ) Wildcats football from 1966 through their final season in 1970 .
Cyril E. King Airport ( IATA : STT , ICAO : TIST , FAA LID : STT ) is a public airport located two miles ( 3 km ) west of the central business district of Charlotte Amalie on the island of St. Thomas in the United States Virgin Islands .
Maple Mountain High School is a public high school in Spanish Fork , Utah County , Utah , United States that serves the Spanish Fork and Mapleton areas .
Point Lonely Short Range Radar Site ( IATA : LNI , ICAO : PALN , FAA LID : AK71 ) is a United States Air Force Short Range Radar Site located in the North Slope Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska , 84 miles ( 135 km ) east - southeast of Point Barrow , Alaska .
St Andrew 's in the Square is an 18th - century category - A - listed former church in Glasgow , Scotland , considered one of the finest classical churches in Britain , and now Glasgow 's Centre for Scottish Culture , promoting Scottish music , song and dance .
Akbarabad - e Vaziri ( Persian : اكبرابادوزيري‎ , also Romanized as Akbarābād - e Vazīrī ; also known as Akbarābād ) is a village in Esmaili Rural District , Esmaili District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Rafałów ( raˈfawuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Godziesze Wielkie , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Nesso ( Lombard : Ness ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) north of Milan and about 13 kilometres ( 8 mi ) northeast of Como .
Chanticleer Garden is an estate and botanical garden located at 786 Church Road , Wayne , Pennsylvania .
Barnim Nature Park ( Naturpark Barnim ) is a nature park and reserve in the state of Brandenburg , and partly in Berlin , Germany .
Remu Darreh - ye Olya ( Persian : رمودره عليا‎ , also Romanized as Remū Darreh - ye `` Olyā ; also known as Remū Darreh ) is a village in Hanza Rural District , Hanza District , Rabor County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 76 , in 20 families .
Nowe Garbowo ( ˈnɔvɛ ɡarˈbɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin - Borzymy , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Drewnowo - Konarze ( drɛvˈnɔvɔ kɔˈnaʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty - Pianki , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Sarab - e Key Mirzavandbak ( Persian : سَرابِ كِی ميرزاوَندبَك‎ , also Romanized as Sarāb - e Key Mīrzāvandbak ; also known as Mīrzāvandekī and Sarāb - e Key Hātami ) is a village in Dowreh Rural District , Chegeni District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Kress Events Center is a 4,018-seat multi - purpose arena in Green Bay , Wisconsin , in the United States .
New Hall Valley Country Park is a country park located in New Hall Valley between Walmley and Wylde Green in the Sutton Coldfield area of north Birmingham .
Whimple is a village and civil parish in East Devon in the English county of Devon , approximately 9 miles ( 14 km ) due east of the city of Exeter , and 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) from the nearest small town , Ottery St Mary .
Cloone ( Irish : An Chluain ) is a village in County Leitrim , Ireland .
Threadneedle Street is a street in the City of London , between Bishopsgate at its northeast end and Bank junction in the southwest .
Colony Hill is a tiny neighborhood located in the southwest corner of Glover Archbold Park in Northwest Washington , D.C. It is bounded on the north and east by the park , on the south by Reservoir Road NW , and on the west by Foxhall Road NW .
Dunnockshaw and Clowbridge is a civil parish in the borough of Burnley , in Lancashire , England .
The Riding Mountain Park East Gate Registration Complex in Manitoba , Canada , is the only surviving gate structure of the three built at the entrances to Riding Mountain National Park .
Ashbak ( Persian : اشباك‎ , also Romanized as Ashbāk and Eshbāk ; also known as Eshak and Ishāk ) is a village in Meyghan Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Napier Museum is an art and natural history museum situated in Thiruvananthapuram ( Trivandrum ) , the capital city of Kerala , India .
Chitaveh - ye Pereshkaft ( Persian : چيتاوه پراشكفت‎ , also Romanized as Chītāveh - ye Pereshkaft ; also known as Chītāveh ) is a village in Dasht - e Rum Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Seldovia Airport is a public - use gravel airstrip serving Seldovia , Alaska , about 15 miles ( 27 km ) south - southwest from the fishing town of Homer at the Kenai Peninsula 's `` end of the road . ''
The Clausensee is a reservoir in the Schwarzbach valley in the western Palatine Forest in the German state of Rhineland - Palatinate .
Dawson Farm , also known as `` Rocky Glen , '' is a historic property with two homes located at Rockville , Montgomery County , Maryland .
The Essex Skating Club ( also known as ESC and Essex SC of NJ ) is a figure skating club based at Richard J. Codey Arena in West Orange , New Jersey .
Montclair Kimberley Academy ( MKA ) is a co - educational private school for students in Pre - Kindergarten through twelfth grade located in Montclair in Essex County , New Jersey , United States .
The Kern River Parkway is primarily a natural preserve in Bakersfield , California .
Wellsprings Friends School is a private non - profit alternative high school in Eugene , Oregon , United States .
Kisielsk ( ˈkiɕelsk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek Łukowski , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Louxing District ( simplified Chinese : 娄星区 ; traditional Chinese : 婁星區 ; pinyin : Lóuxīng Qū ) is the seat and sole district of Loudi , Hunan province , China .
Located in the Near West Side of Chicago , Illinois , Hull House ( named for the home 's first owner ) opened its doors to recently arrived European immigrants .
Renaissance Coliseum is a brand new multi - purpose athletic facility at Bradley University in Peoria , Illinois .
Knockatallon or Knockatallan ( Irish : Cnoc an tSalainn , meaning `` hill of salt '' ) is a townland in the north of County Monaghan in Ireland in the parish of Tydavnet .
Vardeh Sara ( Persian : وارده سرا‎ , also Romanized as Vārdeh Sarā ; also known as Vārdeh Sar , Vāredeh Sarā , Vāredeh Sarā - ye Pā’īn , Varudakhsar , Varūdsar , and Warūdahsar ) is a village in Asalem Rural District , Asalem District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
World Expo 88 , also known as Expo 88 , was a World 's Fair held in Brisbane , the state capital of Queensland , Australia , during a six - month period between Saturday , 30 April 1988 and Sunday , 30 October 1988 , inclusive .
WKCO ( 91.9 FM ) is a freeform radio station licensed to Gambier , Ohio , USA , the station serves Kenyon College .
Uśnik - Dwór ( ˈuɕnik ˈdvur ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Caldwell Parish Airport ( FAA LID : F86 ) is a public use airport in Caldwell Parish , Louisiana , United States .
The Oscar Nichols House is located on the east side of Davenport , Iowa , United States .
Sohna is a town and a municipal committee in the Gurgaon district of Haryana , India .
Wester Hailes Baptist Church is a church in the Wester Hailes area of west Edinburgh , Scotland , founded in 1971 .
St. Anselm 's Catholic Church , Rectory and Parish Hall in Anselmo , Nebraska are three separate structures that together form the St. Anselm parish complex .
Chendar - e Qavi ( Persian : چندارقوي‎ , also Romanized as Chendār - e Qavī ; also known as Jandār and Jendār Qavī ) is a village in Olya Tayeb Rural District , in the Central District of Landeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Allen Central High School ( Allen Central , Central , or ACHS ) is a Title I secondary school located in Eastern , Floyd County , Kentucky , United States , and is one of four public high schools in the Floyd County School system .
Wangxizhang Township ( Chinese : 王西章乡 ) is a township - level division of Zhao County , Shijiazhuang , Hebei , China .
Grandview Heights High School is a public high school in Grandview Heights , Ohio , a suburb of Columbus .
Burtts Corner is a Canadian rural community in Douglas Parish , York County , New Brunswick .
Gulb ( ɡulp ) ( German : Gulbien ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Circus Circus Las Vegas is a hotel and 123,928 sq ft ( 11,513.3 m2 ) casino located on the Las Vegas Strip in Winchester , Nevada .
Sardarmehr ( Persian : سردرمهر‎ ) is a village in Saghder Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Nutzotin Mountains are a mountain range in Alaska , United States and Yukon , Canada .
Khorma Zard ( Persian : خرمازرد‎ , also Romanized as Khormā Zard ; also known as Khurmazard and Khurmoza ) is a village in Sarajuy - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Maragheh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The First Baptist Church of Ossining is located in the center of the village of Ossining , New York , United States .
Santo Antônio do Monte ( Portuguese , St. Antony of the Hill ) is a municipality in the central part of the state of Minas Gerais , Brazil .
The Takhinsha Mountains are a mountain range in Haines Borough and the Hoonah - Angoon Census Area in the U.S. state of Alaska , in the southeastern part of the state .
Agassiz Ice Cap is an ice cap on the central eastern side of Ellesmere Island , Nunavut , Canada .
CKHY - FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 105.1 FM in Halifax , Nova Scotia owned by Evanov Communications a division of HFX Broadcasting Inc. The station uses its on - air branding as `` Live 105 '' with a modern rock format .
The Continental Clay Brick Plant in Martinsburg , West Virginia includes a number of beehive brick kilns .
Semsvannet is a great lake in Asker municipality in Akershus county , southwest of Oslo , in Norway .
New Beckenham railway station serves Beckenham in the London Borough of Bromley in south east London , in Travelcard Zone 4 .
The Powder River Country is the Powder River Basin area of the Great Plains in northeastern Wyoming , United States .
Texas International Airlines Flight 655 , registration N94230 , was a Convair 600 en route from Memphis , Tennessee , to Dallas , Texas via Pine Bluff , Arkansas ;
Bay City Mall is an enclosed shopping mall serving Bay City , Michigan .
Alexandra Secondary College is a public coeducational school situated in Downey Street , Alexandra , Victoria .
Zabriskie Point is a part of Amargosa Range located east of Death Valley in Death Valley National Park in California , United States noted for its erosional landscape .
The Wasilla Assembly of God is a church in the town of Wasilla , Alaska .
The Heyworth Building is a Chicago Landmark located at 29 East Madison Street , on the southwest corner of Madison Street and Wabash Avenue in Chicago , Illinois .
Bagh Muri ( Persian : باغ موري‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh Mūrī , Bāgh - e Mūrī , Bāgh - e Nūrī , and Bāgh - i - Mūrī ) is a village in Pachehlak - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Azna County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Jamalabad - e Hallaj ( Persian : جمال ابادحلاج‎ , also Romanized as Jamālābād - e Ḩallāj ) is a village in Kalashtar Rural District , in the Central District of Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Chah - e Abadian ( Persian : چاه عابديان‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e ʿĀbadīān ) is a village in Borkhar - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
WKFS , better known by its brand name KISS 107 , is an FM radio station in the Cincinnati , Ohio market .
Breukelen Houses ( pronounced brook - line ) , also known as Breukelen or Brookline Projects , is a large housing complex maintained in Canarsie , Brooklyn , by the New York City Housing Authority ( NYCHA ) .
The Dr. Hun Houses were located on Washington Avenue ( New York State Route 5 ) on the western edge of central Albany , New York , United States .
The University of Missouri Intercollegiate Athletics Hall of Fame , located at Mizzou Arena in Columbia , Missouri , is a museum operated by the University of Missouri and is the highest honor bestowed upon a Mizzou student - athlete , coach or administrator .
North Clackamas Christian School ( NCCS ) is a private , non - church affiliated Christian school in Oregon City , Oregon , United States .
Azadlu ( Persian : ازادلو‎ , also Romanized as Āzādlū ; also known as Azārlū and Azatlu ) is a village in Azadlu Rural District , Muran District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Wild Spirit Wolf Sanctuary ( WSWS ) is an animal sanctuary in Candy Kitchen , New Mexico , USA dedicated to rescuing and providing sanctuary for captive - bred wolves and wolfdogs .
The Dominguez Canyon Wilderness is a U.S. Wilderness Area located southeast of Grand Junction in western Colorado .
The South Fork Trinity River is the main tributary of the Trinity River , in the northern part of the U.S. state of California .
Bedwell Harbour is a settlement on South Pender Island in British Columbia , close to the US - Canadian border .
Bikur Cholim B'nai Israel Synagogue is an historic synagogue in Swan Lake , Sullivan County , New York .
Krause Springs is a camping and swimming site located in the Hill Country of Texas .
West Island School ( Chinese : 西島中學 , Abbreviated : WIS ) is a co - educational , private , international secondary school in Hong Kong that provides to students from age eleven to eighteen an English medium education .
Jonathan Dayton High School is an American four - year comprehensive public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades in Springfield Township , in Union County , New Jersey , operating as part of the Springfield Public Schools .
Sepno ( ˈsɛpnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieniec , within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Mỹ Thủy a town and rural commune ( xã ) in Lệ Thủy District , Quảng Bình Province , North Central Coast region of Vietnam .
Guyancourt ( pronounced : ( ɡɥi.jɑ̃.kuʁ ) ) is a commune in the Yvelines department in the Île - de - France region in north - central France .
Bergen Park is a park near Evergreen , Colorado .
Estádio Nabi Abi Chedid , also known as Nabizão , is a football ( soccer ) stadium in Bragança Paulista , São Paulo state , Brazil .
Chah Esmaeel , Zahedan ( Persian : چاه اسماعیل‎ ) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District , in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Dhigawa Mandi is the town located in the Bhiwani district of Haryana , India .
Kimbel Library is located in Conway , South Carolina , and is the academic library at Coastal Carolina University .
Dziećmiarowice ( d͡ʑɛt͡ɕmjarɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szprotawa , within Żagań County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Highland Recreation Area is a 5,900-acre ( 2,400 ha ) state recreation area in the southeast part of the U.S. state of Michigan .
DeSoto National Wildlife Refuge , created in 1958 , is located along the banks of the Missouri River in the U.S. states of Iowa and Nebraska .
The Shire of Wellington is a local government area in Victoria , Australia , located in the eastern part of the state .
WJPZ - FM is a student run college radio station at Syracuse University in New York .
Sunbury - on - Thames , also known as Sunbury , is a town and London suburb in the Surrey borough of Spelthorne ( historically Middlesex ) , England .
Mohawk Dam , located in Jefferson Township , Coshocton County , Ohio northwest of Nellie , is a dry dam constructed by the United States Army Corps of Engineers ( USACE ) in the mid-1930s for the purpose of flood control on the Walhonding River .
The Zuellig Building is an office skyscraper located in the Makati Central Business District in Metro Manila , Philippines .
Stewart International Airport ( IATA : SWF , ICAO : KSWF , FAA LID : SWF ) is a public / military airport in Orange County , New York , United States .
Tywardreath and Par is a civil parish in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
The Malir Cantonment ( Urdu : ملیر چھاؤنی ‎ ) is a cantonment town of the city of Karachi , in Sindh , Pakistan .
Arvanaq ( Persian : اروانق‎ , also Romanized as Arvānaq ) is a village in Sardabeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Strom Thurmond Federal Building and United States Courthouse is United States federal building located in Columbia , South Carolina , which was completed in 1979 and which served for twenty - five years as a courthouse of the United States District Court for the District of South Carolina .
It is owned by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission and operated by the non - profit group , The Friends of Graeme Park .
Ashby with Oby is a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk , which is located some 5 kilometres ( 3 mi ) north of Acle and 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) north - west of Great Yarmouth .
WHPI ( 101.1 FM , `` Jack FM '' ) is a radio station for Glasford , Illinois in the Peoria , Illinois radio market .
Kapargah - e Alireza ( Persian : كپرگه عليرضا‎ , also Romanized as Kapargah - e `` Alīreẕā ) is a village in Miyankuh - e Sharqi Rural District , Mamulan District , Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 47 , in 9 families .
Moniaive ( /mɒniˈaɪvə/ ; Scottish Gaelic : Am Moine Naomh , `` The Holy Moor '' ) is a village in the Parish of Glencairn , in Dumfries and Galloway , South - West Scotland .
The Nathaniel Hill Brick House , locally referred to as just the Brick House , is located on NY 17 K in the Orange County , New York Town of Montgomery .
Fulfordgate was an association football ground in Fulford , York , England , and was the home of York City Football Club from 1922 to 1932 .
The civil parish of Chalvington with Ripe , in the Wealden District of East Sussex , England , is made up of the two villages , Chalvington and Ripe .
San Bartolomeo in Galdo is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Benevento in the Italian region Campania , located about 90 km northeast of Naples and about 35 km northeast of Benevento , on a hill overlooking the valley of the Fortore river .
KYKD ( 100.1 FM ) is a non - profit radio station airing a Christian radio format in Bethel , Alaska .
Darian Rural District ( Persian : دهستان داريان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Raz Kenar ( Persian : رزكنار‎ , also Romanized as Raz Kenār ) is a village in Khoshk Rud Rural District , Rudbast District , Babolsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Guranabad - e Qazzaq ( Persian : گوران ابادقزاق‎ , also Romanized as Gūrānābād - e Qazzāq ) is a village in Solduz Rural District , in the Central District of Naqadeh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Stanislaus National Forest is a United States national forest which manages 898,099 acres ( 1,403.3 sq mi ; 3,634.5 km2 ) of land in four counties in the Sierra Nevada Mountains of Northern California .
The Middlefield - Becket Stone Arch Railroad Bridge District is a historic district extending through parts of the towns of Chester , Middlefield , and Becket , Massachusetts .
The A. Grenville and William Davis Courthouse opened in 2000 , and is located at 7755 Hurontario Street in Brampton , Ontario , Canada .
Jeshar ( Persian : جشار‎ , also Romanized as Jeshār ) is a village in Saghder Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Strękowa Góra ( strɛŋˈkɔva ˈɡura ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Oum Sahaouine ( also written Oum Sahouine ) is a village in the commune of El Oued , in El Oued District , El Oued Province , Algeria .
Ariana Governorate ( Arabic : ولاية أريانة‎ Wilāyat Aryānah pronounced ( ærˈjæːnæ ) ) is one of the twenty - four governorates ( provinces ) of Tunisia .
Tang - i - Panj ( Persian : تنگ پنج‎‎ , also known as Tang Panj ; also known as Nīk Panch ) is a village in Tang - e Haft Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Sacramento Valley is the area of the Central Valley of the U.S. state of California that lies north of the Sacramento--
Bizhanabad - e Do ( Persian : بيژن آباد2‎‎ , also Romanized as Bīzhanābād - e Do ; also known as Bīzhanābād - e Soflá ) is a village in Rudbar Rural District , in the Central District of Rudbar - e Jonubi County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Wólka Hyżneńska ( ˈvulka xɨʐˈnɛɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hyżne , within Rzeszów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Kaliga ( kaˈliɡa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radoszyce , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The John Jacob Astor Hotel , originally known as the Hotel Astoria , is a historic former hotel building located in Astoria , Oregon , United States , and listed on the National Register of Historic Places ( NRHP ) .
Bonkuy - e Ashayir Miraki ( Persian : بنكوي عشايرميركي‎ , also Romanized as Bonkūy - e `` Ashāyīr Mīrakī ) is a village in Now Bandegan Rural District , Now Bandegan District , Fasa County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 101 , in 19 families .
Myślenice County ( Polish : powiat myślenicki ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Lesser Poland Voivodeship , southern Poland .
The Tushar Mountains are the third highest mountain range in Utah after the Uinta Mountains and the La Sal Range .
The Dudley Do - Right Emporium was a small , eccentric gift shop named after that fearless Canadian Mountie Dudley Do - Right , located on the Sunset Strip in West Hollywood , California .
Kolonia Pliszczyn ( kɔˈlɔɲa ˈpliʂt͡ʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wólka , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Biadki ( ˈbjatki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn , within Krotoszyn County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Drake Field ( IATA : FYV , ICAO : KFYV , FAA LID : FYV ) is a city - owned public - use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) south of the central business district of Fayetteville , in Washington County , Arkansas , United States .
Sahray - ye Bagh District ( Persian : بخش صحرای باغ‎ , meaning `` Desert Garden '' ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Boomtown Reno is a hotel and casino located in Verdi , Nevada , just west of the Reno--
Qarjiligan ( Persian : قرجيليگان‎ , also Romanized as Qarjīlīgān ; also known as Qarjalgān ) is a village in Chamzey Rural District , in the Central District of Malekshahi County , Ilam Province , Iran .
El Castell de Guadalest ( Valencian pronunciation : ( eɫ kasˈteʎ de ɣwaðaˈlest ) ) or briefly Guadalest is a Valencian town and municipality located in a mountainous area of the comarca of Marina Baixa , in the province of Alicante , Spain .
Twin Glacier is a glacier in northwestern British Columbia , Canada , located on the northern and eastern flanks of Hoodoo Mountain .
Armstrong Row is a series of 11 brick row houses in Maysville , Kentucky built between 1820 and 1833 by John Armstrong , a local industrialist , entrepreneur and real estate developer .
Hattersheim am Main is a town in the Main - Taunus district , Hesse ( Germany ) and part of the Frankfurt Rhein - Main urban area .
Delbar - e Rok Rok ( Persian : دلبررك رك‎ ) is a village in Veysian Rural District , Veysian District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Będziechów ( bɛnˈd͡ʑɛxuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kawęczyn , within Turek County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Wild Horse State Recreation Area is a 120-acre ( 49 ha ) state park unit of Nevada , USA , on the northeast shore of 2,830-acre ( 1,150 ha ) Wild Horse Reservoir .
Sky Lakes Medical Center Heliport ( FAA LID : 9OR3 ) is a private heliport located two miles northwest of Klamath Falls in Klamath County , Oregon , United States .
The Memorial Drive Apartments Historic District is a historic district encompassing four apartment houses on Memorial Drive in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Chełpina ( xɛu̯ˈpina ) ( German : ' Neu Helpe ' ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Recz , within Choszczno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Nowa Kozia Góra ( ˈnɔva ˈkɔʑa ˈɡura ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Pain Gava Sara ( Persian : پايين گواسرا‎ , also Romanized as Pā’īn Gavā Sarā ) is a village in Chini Jan Rural District , in the Central District of Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Lake Borrie Wetlands is a coastal wetland that is located in the Greater Geelong region of Victoria , Australia .
Khvajeh Hoseyni ( Persian : خواجه حسيني‎ , also Romanized as Khvājeh Ḩoseynī ; also known as Z̧afarābād ) is a village in Shaban Rural District , in the Central District of Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The Center for Meteorite Studies was founded in 1960 , on the Tempe Campus of Arizona State University , and houses the world 's largest university - based meteorite collection .
The Shrine of St. Elizabeth Ann Bayley Seton is located in the Church of Our Lady of the Holy Rosary , a Roman Catholic parish church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York at 7 State Street , between Pearl and Water Streets in the Financial District of Manhattan , New York City .
One Seneca Tower is a skyscraper located in downtown Buffalo , New York .
Swyddffynnon is a village in Ceredigion , Wales , situated 6 km to the north of Tregaron , near the northern edge of Cors Caron ( Tregaron Bog ) .
Stadion Kantrida is a football stadium in the Croatian city of Rijeka .
Giladeh ( Persian : گيلاده‎‎ , also Romanized as Gīlā Deh ; also known as Gilledekh ) is a village in Heyran Rural District , in the Central District of Astara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Trojanka ( trɔˈjanka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodzież , within Chodzież County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The George Wyatt House is a historic house at 33 Beacon Street in Somerville , Massachusetts , near Inman Square .
The Theodore Roosevelt Memorial Bridge is a steel bridge located in Troy , Montana .
Meydan Tarreh Barahvaz ( Persian : ميدان تره باراهواز‎ , also Romanized as Meydān Tarreh Bārāhvāz ) is a village in Elhayi Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Nakhah ( Persian : ناخا‎ , also Romanized as Nākhāh ) is a village in Eram Rural District , Eram District , Dashtestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Qarah Malek ( Persian : قره ملك‎ , also Romanized as Ghareh Malek , Qara Milk , and Qareh Malek ) is a village in Japelaq - e Sharqi Rural District , Japelaq District , Azna County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Heidelberg Raceway was an American auto racing track which was built in Scott Township , Allegheny County , approximately 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) southwest of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
The Devils Backbone Wilderness is one of eight wilderness areas protected and preserved in the U.S. State of Missouri .
The Trenchard Museum is based at RAF Halton , Halton , Buckinghamshire , England .
The Colonial Park Mall is a shopping mall located in Lower Paxton Township , Pennsylvania , about 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) NE of Harrisburg .
The Sterling Mountain Fire Observation Tower and Observer 's Cabin is a historic fire observation station located on Sterling Mountain in Sterling Forest State Park at Greenwood Lake in Orange County , New York .
The Bee Building , later called the Peters Trust Building and finally the Insurance Building , was located at 17th and Farnam Streets in Downtown Omaha , Nebraska .
Nowy Dębiec ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈdɛmbjɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościan , within Kościan County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Mazraeh - ye Seyyed Choragh ( Persian : مزرعه سيدچراغ‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Seyyed Chorāgh ) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The Beaverbrook Art Gallery is a public art gallery in Fredericton , New Brunswick , Canada .
Bethel Seaplane Base ( IATA : JBT , FAA LID : Z59 ) is a public use seaplane base located on the Kuskokwim River in Bethel , a city in the Bethel Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska .
Sejwy ( ˈsɛi̯vɨ ) , ( Lithuanian : Seivai ) , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
Jaghdari ( Persian : جغدري‎ , also Romanized as Jaghdarī ; also known as Jahd Darī ) is a village in Lalehzar Rural District , Lalehzar District , Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Worrall Covered Bridge , also known as the Woralls Bridge is a wooden covered bridge carrying Williams Road across the Williams River in Rockingham , Vermont , United States .
Kavanaugh Field was a minor league baseball park in Little Rock , Arkansas .
The Langeberg Range is a mountain range in the Western Cape province of South Africa .
Coeymans School , also known as Acton Civill Polytechnic Institute , is a historic school building located at Coeymans in Albany County , New York .
Northland Pioneer College ( NPC ) is a regionally accredited , publicly supported , comprehensive community college serving a large and diverse area in Navajo County , Arizona .
The Building at 42 Edward J. Lopez Avenue is a rare Federal period house in East Cambridge , Massachusetts .
The Banská Bystrica Region ( Slovak : Banskobystrický kraj , pronounced ( ˈbanskobistritskiː ˈkraj ) ; Hungarian : Besztercebányai kerület , pronounced ( ˈbɛstɛrt͡sɛbaːɲɒi ˈkɛrylɛt ) ) is one of the Slovak regions in the country of Slovakia in Europe .
County Waterford ( Irish : Contae Phort Láirge ; the English name comes from Old Norse Vedrafjörður ) is a county in Ireland .
WSHH is an adult contemporary radio station based in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Ma Bufang Mansion ( simplified Chinese : 马步芳公馆 ; traditional Chinese : 馬步芳公館 ; pinyin : MǎBùfāngGōngguǎn ) was the mansion of the Chinese Muslim warlord and General Ma Bufang and his family from 1943 - -1949 , and now is a tourist attraction , in Xining , Qinghai , China .
Before the Regionalisation of Scotland in 1975 , most of the Cairngorms were within the county of Aberdeenshire , with the rest reaching into Inverness - shire in the west , and Banffshire in the north .
Burton Agnes Hall is an Elizabethan manor house in the village of Burton Agnes , near Driffield in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England .
Chynowie ( xɨˈnɔvjɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewino , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Ash Mahalleh ( Persian : آش محله‎ , also Romanized as Āsh Maḩalleh ) is a village in Seh Hezar Rural District , Khorramabad District , Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
KKIQ is a commercial radio station located in Pleasanton , California , broadcasting to the East Bay area on 101.7 FM .
Morzęcin Wielki ( mɔˈʐɛnt͡ɕin ˈvjɛlki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oborniki Śląskie , within Trzebnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Chandrapura is a census town in Chandrapura ( community development block ) in Bermo subdivision of Bokaro district in the Indian state of Jharkhand .
Maharlu Now ( Persian : مهارلونو‎ , also Romanized as Mahārlū Now ; also known as Maharin and Mahārlū ) is a village in Maharlu Rural District , Kuhenjan District , Sarvestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Gussage is a series of three villages in north Dorset , England , situated along a tributary of the River Allen on Cranborne Chase , eight miles north east of Blandford Forum and 10 miles north of Wimborne .
The Harvey Hadden Stadium is a purpose - built athletics stadium in the Bilborough district of Nottingham , England .
The Whitman Mills are a historic mill complex on the banks of the Acushnet River north of central New Bedford , Massachusetts .
William and Caroline Schall House is a historic home located at Green Lane , Montgomery County , Pennsylvania .
West Haddon is a village in the Daventry district of the county of Northamptonshire , England about 11 miles ( 18 km ) north - west of Northampton and 7 miles ( 11 km ) east of Rugby and just off the A428 road which by - passes the village .
Wujaki ( vuˈjaki ) ( German : Ohmswalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozogi , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Herzogtum Lauenburg ( English : Duchy of Lauenburg ) is the southernmost Kreis , or district , of Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Bazangan ( Persian : بزنگان‎ , also Romanized as Bazangān and Bezangān ; also known as Bezamgān ) is a village in Golbibi Rural District , Marzdaran District , Sarakhs County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
KMOJ , 89.9 FM , is a community - oriented station located in Minneapolis , Minnesota airing a predominantly urban adult contemporary format .
Stenungsund Municipality ( Stenungsunds kommun ) is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in western Sweden .
Betina is a village located on the Croatian island of Murter , seven km from Tisno , where a drawbridge connects the island and the mainland .
The Ascrib Islands are a group of small islands off the northwest coast of Skye , in the Highland council area of Scotland .
The Newburyport Historic District encompasses most of the historic downtown area of Newburyport , Massachusetts .
The Town of the City of Dawson or Dawson City is a town in Yukon , Canada .
Linsengericht ( `` court under the linden '' from `` Linde '' German for `` linden '' and `` Gericht '' German for `` court '' ) is a municipality in the Main - Kinzig district , in Hesse , Germany .
Cheshmeh Khuni ( Persian : چشمه خوني‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Khūnī ) is a village in Hana Rural District , in the Central District of Semirom County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Hasanabad - e Tabarqu ( Persian : حسن ابادتبرقو‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanābād - e Tabarqū ; also known as Ḩasanābād ) is a village in Dasht - e Rum Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Crumplehorn ( Cornish : Tremalhorn , meaning Maelhoern 's farm ) is a hamlet in Cornwall , England , UK .
Jagannadapuram is near to Parvatipuram town in Vizianagaram district of Andhra Pradesh , India .
Długie Stare ( ˈdwuɡʲɛ ˈstarɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Święciechowa , within Leszno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Royal Cornhill Hospital is a psychiatric hospital in Aberdeen , Scotland run by NHS Grampian .
The Temple of Apollo Palatinus ( Palatine Apollo ) was a temple on the Palatine Hill of ancient Rome , which was first dedicated by Augustus to his patron god Apollo .
Kraszewo Podborne ( kraˈʂɛvɔ pɔdˈbɔrnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Griswold Hills are a low mountain range in the Southern Inner California Coast Ranges System , in southeastern San Benito County , central California .
Cantù ( Italian pronunciation : ( kanˈtu ) ; Cantü ( kãˈty ) in local Lombard ) is a city and comune in the Province of Como , located at the center of the Brianza zone in Lombardy .
Golgiyi ( Persian : گلگيي‎ , also Romanized as Golgīyī ; also known as Gol Gīn , Golgīn , Golgīnī , and Gulgīn ) is a village in Kakavand - e Sharqi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Nuneaton and Bedworth is a local government district with borough status , in northern Warwickshire , England , consisting of the densely populated towns of Nuneaton and Bedworth , the village of Bulkington and the green belt land in between .
Daramrud - e Olya ( Persian : دارامرودعليا‎ , also Romanized as Dārāmrūd - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 126 , in 28 families .
Salpik ( ˈsalpik ) ( German Salpkeim ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Chico Hot Springs Resort and Day Spa is a resort that is located near Pray , Montana .
Nehuyeh ( Persian : نهويه‎ , also Romanized as Nehūyeh ; also known as Nūhūyeh and Tohūyeh ) is a village in Mobarakabad Rural District , in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran .
Prehistoric Lake Cahuilla ( also known as Lake LeConte and Blake Sea ) was an extensive freshwater lake that filled the Coachella , Imperial , and Mexicali valleys of southeastern California and northeastern Baja California during the centuries prior to Spanish entry into the region .
The Winona Hotel is a former hotel building in Winona , Minnesota , United States , constructed in 1889 .
Dziembowo ( d͡ʑemˈbɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kaczory , within Piła County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Humin Elevated Road ( Chinese : 沪闵高架路 ; pinyin : Hùmǐn Gāojiàlù ) is an elevated expressway in the city of Shanghai , China .
The Saha Institute of Nuclear Physics ( SINP ) is an institution of basic research and training in physical and biophysical sciences located in Bidhannagar , Kolkata , India .
The Arroyo Grande IOOF Hall is a building in Arroyo Grande , California that was built in 1902 .
Barx ( Valencian pronunciation : ( ˈbaɾtʃ ) , Spanish : Bárig ) is a municipality in the comarca of Safor in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Wola Żyrowska ( ˈvɔla ʐɨˈrɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chynów , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Stanhoe is a village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk , 6.4 miles ( 10.2 km ) from the North Sea .
Niesiołów ( ɲeˈɕɔwuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Araz Mohammad Akhund ( Persian : ارازمحمداخوند‎ , also Romanized as Arāz Moḩammad Ākhūnd ; also known as Arāz Moḩammad Khān ) is a village in Fajr Rural District , in the Central District of Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Ab Chur ( Persian : ابچور‎ , also Romanized as Āb Chūr and Ābchowr ; also known as Āpkhvor ) is a village in Aladagh Rural District , in the Central District of Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Lord Tennyson Elementary School in Vancouver , British Columbia , is a French Immersion elementary school .
Burg Güssing is a castle in southern Burgenland , Austria .
Cullen Performance Hall is a concert hall located on the campus of the University of Houston in Houston , Texas .
West Carleton Secondary School is a secondary school situated in the rural west end of Ottawa , Ontario .
Punjalkatte is a village in Beltangady taluk of Dakshina Kannada district of Karnataka in India .
Sharket Talu Gaz ( Persian : شرکت طلوع گاز‎‎ , also Romanized as Sharket Talūʿ Gāz ) is a village in Kuhdasht - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Cachoeiras de Macacu ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˌkaʃuˈeɪɾai̯ʃ ˌdʒi.makaˈku ) ) is a municipality located in the Brazilian state of Rio de Janeiro .
Wólka Łosiniecka ( ˈvulka wɔɕiˈɲet͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susiec , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Cookson Hills are in the eastern part of Oklahoma .
Bidrubeh Pumping Stations ( Persian : تلمبه خانه بیدروبه‎ -- Tolombeh Khāneh Bīdrūbeh ) is a village in Hoseyniyeh Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Corcovado ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( coɾcoˈvadu ) ) , meaning `` hunchback '' in Portuguese , is a mountain in central Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Tolombeh - ye Ashayiri Mahmudi ( Persian : تلمبه عشايري محمودي‎ , also Romanized as Tolombeh - ye ʿAshāyīrī Maḩmūdī ) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District , Esmaili District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Wola Adamowa ( ˈvɔla adaˈmɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodecz , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Maria Laach Abbey ( in German : Abtei Maria Laach , in Latin : Abbatia Maria Lacensis or Abbatia Maria ad Lacum ) is a Benedictine abbey situated on the southwestern shore of the Laacher See ( Lake Laach ) , near Andernach , in the Eifel region of the Rhineland - Palatinate in Germany .
Swanston Estates is a neighborhood situated in North Sacramento , California .
Curtorim is a town in the Salcette taluka of South Goa district in Goa , India .
The Free State of Thuringia ( English /θəˈrɪndʒiə/ ; German : Freistaat Thüringen , pronounced ( ˈfʁaɪʃtaːt ˈtyːʁɪŋən ) ) is a federal state of Germany , located in the central part of the country .
Divostin ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дивостин ) is a village in Stanovo in Šumadija district .
The World Hope Stadium , commonly known as Hope Centre , is a football stadium in Kawangware , a suburb in Nairobi , Kenya .
Virginia Water is a commuter town in the Surrey section of the London urban area .
Egindikol District ( Kazakh : Егіндікөл ауданы ) is a district of Akmola Region in northern Kazakhstan .
Sandsfoot Castle , also known historically as Weymouth Castle , is an artillery fort constructed by Henry VIII near Weymouth , Dorset .
Millville 's First Bank Building , is located in Millville , Cumberland County , New Jersey , United States .
Alarcia is a town of northern Spain , Autonomous Community of Castile and León , province of Burgos , Shire of Montes de Oca , sub - shire of Tirón - Rioja Burgalesa , in the municipality of Rábanos .
The Ottumwa Cemetery is a public cemetery located in Ottumwa , Iowa , United States .
Gorłówko ( ɡɔrˈwufkɔ ) ( German : Gorlowken ; 1938 - 1945 : Gorlau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Juchy , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Chay Kasan ( Persian : چايكسن‎ , also Romanized as Chāy Kasan ; also known as Chāy Kand ) is a village in Harzandat - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Marand County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bajdyty ( bai̯ˈdɨtɨ ) ( German : Beyditten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Szynkarzyzna ( ʂɨŋkaˈʐɨzna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Siah Gurab - e Pain ( Persian : سياهگوراب پايين‎ , also Romanized as Sīāh Gūrāb - e Pā’īn ; also known as Seyāh Qorāb , Sīāh Gūrāb , Sīāh Qorāb , and Siyah Gowdab ) is a village in Layalestan Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Khvajehlar ( Persian : خواجه لر‎ , also Romanized as Khvājehlar and Khājehlar ) is a village in Jafarbay - ye Sharqi Rural District , Gomishan District , Torkaman County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Balgowlah Heights is a suburb of northern Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia 11 kilometres north - east of the Sydney central business district in the local government area of Manly Council , in the Northern Beaches region .
The Watauga County Farmers ' Market is a farmers ' market located in Boone , North Carolina established July 6 , 1974 .
Kanisi ( Persian : كنيسي‎ , also Romanized as Kanīsī ; also known as Kānespī , Kānsī , and Kīnesī ) is a village in Beradust Rural District , Sumay - ye Beradust District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Qingbaijiang District ( simplified Chinese : 青白江区 ; traditional Chinese : 青白江區 ; pinyin : Qīngbáijiāng qū ; literally : `` azure and white river '' ) is one of nine districts of Chengdu , the capital of Sichuan province , China , covering parts of the northeastern suburbs .
Lucim ( ˈlut͡ɕim ) ( German : Lugfelde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koronowo , within Bydgoszcz County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Howland Mill Village Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Bolton , Winsper , Hemlock Sts . , and Rockdale Avenue in New Bedford , Massachusetts .
Mason - Tillett House , also known as Rock Hill , Mason 's , Long 's Farm , and Brunswick Plantation , is a historic plantation home located at Valentines , Brunswick County , Virginia .
George Leber House located at 132 East Crafton Avenue in Crafton , Pennsylvania , was built in 1938 .
Zeynabad - e Zakhru ( Persian : زين ابادزاخرو‎ , also Romanized as Zeynābād - e Zākhrū ; also known as Zeynābād ) is a village in Zakharuiyeh Rural District , Efzar District , Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran .
Dahlhausen is a South - Western district of the city of Bochum in North Rhine - Westphalia in Germany .
Nugent Sound is a sound on the Central Coast of British Columbia , Canada , located between Seymour Inlet ( W ) and Belize Inlet ( E ) .
Children 's Hospital of Orange County , also known by its acronym CHOC or Children 's Hospital OC and branded as CHOC Children 's , is a children 's hospital located in Orange County , California .
Luppitt is a village and civil parish in East Devon situated about 6 kilometres ( 4 mi ) due north of Honiton .
Hunsdorf ( Luxembourgish : Hënsdref ) is a small town in the commune of Lorentzweiler , in central Luxembourg .
Dahio Trotwood Airport ( FAA LID : I44 ) , also known as Dayton - New Lebanon Airport , is a public - use airport located seven miles ( 11 km ) west of the central business district of Dayton , in Montgomery County , Ohio , United States .
Surwile ( surˈvilɛ ) ( German : Serwillen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo , within Węgorzewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Kothala is a village 21 kilometers east of Kottayam in Kerala , Southern India .
Bierwce ( ˈbjɛrft͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlińsk , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Dĩ An is a town of Bình Dương Province in the Southeast region of Vietnam , about 20 km north of Ho Chi Minh City ( formerly Saigon ) .
Basti district ( Hindi : बस्ती जिला , Urdu : ضلع بستی‎ ) , is one of the districts of Uttar Pradesh state , India and Basti town is the district headquarters .
Manglutan is a village in Andaman district on the south coast of South Andaman Island , belonging to India .
The Elmira Heights Village Hall , located in Elmira Heights , New York , was built in 1896 .
The Swartberg mountains ( black mountain in Afrikaans ) are a mountain range in the Western Cape province of South Africa .
The Chino Mine ( `` Chino '' is Spanish for the `` Chinaman '' ) , also known as the Santa Rita mine , is an open - pit copper mine located in the town of Santa Rita , New Mexico 15 miles ( 24 km ) east of Silver City .
Dix Mountain is the sixth highest peak in the High Peaks Region of the Adirondack Park , and is located roughly on the boundary between the towns of North Hudson and Keene in Essex County , New York .
Kalhu Dasht - e Bala ( Persian : كلهودشت بالا‎ , also Romanized as Kalhū Dasht - e Bālā ) is a village in Feyziyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Hailanjiang Stadium ( Simplified Chinese : 海兰江体育场 , Korean : 해란강체육장 ) is a multi - use stadium in Longjing , Yanbian , Jilin province , China .
Wistka Królewska ( ˈvistka kruˈlɛfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Grotte de Rosée ( Cave of Rosée ) is located near Éhein in the municipality of Engis , in Belgium .
Klonorejść ( klɔˈnɔrɛi̯ɕt͡ɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
Richmond National Battlefield Park commemorates more than 30 American Civil War sites around Richmond , Virginia , which served as the capital of the Confederate States of America for the majority of the war .
Pentrechwyth ( English : village on the left ) is a village in Swansea , Wales falling within the Bon - y - maen ward .
Mission Raceway Park , also known as MRP , is an auto racing facility located in Mission , British Columbia , Canada .
Long Rock ( Cornish : Carrek Hyr ) is a village in southwest Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Stadion u Nisy is an all - seater football stadium in Liberec .
Stołowacz ( stɔˈwɔvat͡ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Congress Heights is a residential neighborhood in southeast Washington , D.C. , in the United States .
St. Mark 's Cemetery is a historic cemetery located on E. Main Street on the corner of St. Mark 's Place in Mount Kisco , Westchester County , New York .
New Holstein Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : 8D1 ) is a city owned , public use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) west of the central business district of New Holstein , a city in Calumet County , Wisconsin , United States .
Parmich ( Persian : پرمچ‎ , also Romanized as Parmīch ; also known as Parmenj and Pīr Mench ) is a village in Barakuh Rural District , Jolgeh - e Mazhan District , Khusf County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The New York Marble Cemetery is a historic cemetery founded in 1830 , and located in the interior of the block bounded by East 2nd and 3rd Streets , 2nd Avenue , and Bowery , in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City .
The Judge Charles P. McCarthy House is a Frank Lloyd Wright designed Prairie school home that was constructed in Boise , Idaho in 1913 .
Assebroek is a suburb in the municipality and city of Bruges , Belgium .
Kalinowice Dolne ( kalinɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈdɔlnɛ ) ( German : Oberkunzendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ziębice , within Ząbkowice Śląskie County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Menton ( French pronunciation : ​(mɑ̃tɔ̃ ) ; Occitan : ( meˈta ) , written Menton in classical norm or Mentan in Mistralian norm ; Italian : Mentone ( menˈtoːne ) ) is a commune in the Alpes - Maritimes department in the Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France .
WVSB is a Classic Country formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Romney , West Virginia , serving Hampshire and Mineral counties in West Virginia .
Pharwahi is a village located in Punjab , in Barnala district , on National Highway 64 .
The Long Society Meetinghouse is a historic church building on Long Society Road in Preston , Connecticut .
Bretforton is a rural village in Worcestershire , England .
Long Beach Island ( colloquially known as LBI or simply The Island ) is a barrier island and summer colony along the Atlantic Ocean coast of Ocean County , New Jersey in the United States .
The Patliputra Stadium at the Patliputra Sports Complex is a multi - purpose stadium in Kankarbagh , Patna , Bihar .
Tai Lam Chung Reservoir ( Chinese : 大欖涌水塘 ) is a reservoir in Tai Lam Country Park , Tai Lam Chung , Tuen Mun , New Territories , Hong Kong .
Babaj Boks is a village in the municipality of Gjakova in the District of Gjakova in southwest Kosovo near the border with Albania .
The Wilmette Public Library serves the residents of Kenilworth and Wilmette , Illinois on Chicago 's North Shore .
Dowlabad ( Persian : دول اباد‎ , also Romanized as Dowlābād ) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District , in the Central District of Kahnuj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Bagaladi ( Greek : Bagalades ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria , located about 120 kilometres ( 75 mi ) southwest of Catanzaro and about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) southeast of Reggio Calabria .
Strzeszkowice Małe ( stʂɛʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niedrzwica Duża , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Deering Street Historic District is a historic district in the Downtown and Parkside neighborhoods of Portland , Maine .
Mollalar - e Mohammadreza Kandi ( Persian : ملالارمحمدرضاكندي‎ , also Romanized as Mollālār - e Moḩammadreẕā Kandī ; also known as Mollālar ) is a village in Goyjah Bel Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The initial founders of Procés Constituent were economist and activist , Arcadi Oliveres , and medical doctor and nun , Teresa Forcades , who launched the initiative by publishing a Manifesto : call for a constituent process in Catalonia .
Maracalagonis , Mara - Calagonis in sardinian language ( mara = marsh ) , is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Cagliari in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 12 kilometres ( 7 mi ) northeast of Cagliari .
TVF 50th Anniversary Sport Hall , ( Turkish : TVF 50 . Yıl Spor Salonu ) is a volleyball and indoor beach volley hall situated within the Burhan Felek Sports Complex at Altunizade neighborhood of Üsküdar district in Istanbul , Turkey .
New World Island is an island in Notre Dame Bay , just off the coast of Newfoundland in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador .
Hajji Kola - ye Sofla ( Persian : حاجي كلاسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Kolā - ye Soflá ; also known as Ḩājjī Kolā - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Dabuy - ye Shomali Rural District , Sorkhrud District , Mahmudabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The San Bernard National Wildlife Refuge is a 45,730-acre ( 185.1 km2 ) wildlife conservation area along the coast of Texas ( USA ) , south of the towns of Sweeny and Brazoria , Texas .
Dey 's Arena , also known as Dey Brothers Rink , Dey 's Skating Rink and The Arena , were a series of ice rinks and arenas located in Ottawa , Ontario , that hold importance in the early development of the organized sport of ice hockey in Canada .
Paiguano ( Spanish pronunciation : ( paiˈɣwano ) ) or Paihuano ( ( paiˈwano ) ) is a small agricultural town and commune in the Elqui Province of the Coquimbo Region of Chile .
Coxheath is a village and civil parish within the Borough of Maidstone , Kent , England .
The Jeremiah Dexter House is an historic colonial house at 957 North Main Street in Providence , Rhode Island .
Chełstów ( ˈxɛu̯stuf ) ( German : Groß Schönwald ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Twardogóra , within Oleśnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Zomori ( Persian : زمري‎ , also Romanized as Zomorī ) is a village in Haviq Rural District , Haviq District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Fort Kaministiquia ( former spellings include Fort Camanistigoyan , Fort Kanastigoya , Fort Kamanastigoya and others ) , was a French fort located on the north shore of Lake Superior at Thunder Bay , Ontario at the mouth of the Kaministiquia River .
Bagińskie ( baˈɡiɲskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo , within Kolno County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Deh - e Jami ( Persian : ده جامی‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Jāmī , Deh - ī - Jāmī , and Deh Jāmī ; also known as Dīh - ī - Jāmī ) is a village in Bivanij Rural District , in the Central District of Dalahu County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Próle ( ˈprulɛ ) ( German : Prohlen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Casteil ( Catalan : Castell de Vernet ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Orientales department in southern France , part of the historical Conflent comarca .
South Johnston High School ( also referred to as `` South '' ) is a high school for grades 9 - -12 located in Four Oaks , North Carolina , near Benson .
Duke Ellington Circle is a traffic circle located at the Northeast corner of Central Park at the foot of Fifth Avenue and of 110th Street in the New York City borough of Manhattan .
Fair Isle ( Old Norse Friðarey ; Scottish Gaelic Fara ) is an island in northern Scotland , lying around halfway between mainland Shetland and the Orkney islands .
Prince George 's Chapel is a historic Episcopal chapel of ease located near Dagsboro , Sussex County , Delaware .
Torelló is a Spanish municipality in the comarca of Osona , in the Province of Barcelona , Catalonia .
Darreh Ahaki ( Persian : دره اهكي‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Āhakī ) is a village in Khobriz Rural District , in the Central District of Arsanjan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Shibkuh ( Persian : شيبكوه‎ , also Romanized as Shībkūh ) is a village in Dar Pahn Rural District , Senderk District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Stan Stamper Municipal Airport ( IATA : HUJ , ICAO : KHHW , FAA LID : HHW ) is a city - owned , public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) northwest of the central business district of Hugo , a city in Choctaw County , Oklahoma , United States .
Bugtussle , Oklahoma is an unincorporated community located on the southern shores of Eufaula Lake , in Pittsburg County , Oklahoma , USA and about 30 miles ( 48 km ) west of Robbers Cave State Park , in Le Flore County , Oklahoma , USA , with a population of `` a few hundred '' .
Oslomej ( Macedonian : Осломеј , Albanian : Osllomej ) is a village in Kičevo Municipality in the Republic of Macedonia .
The Casa Wiechers - Villaronga is a Neo - classical style mansion in Ponce , Puerto Rico designed and built in the early twentieth century .
Tarleton State University is a public , coeducational , state university located in Stephenville , Texas and is a member of the Texas A&M University System .
The Cathedral Valley Corral was constructed around 1900 by local cattlemen in the northern portion of what is now Capitol Reef National Park in Utah .
Cupar Castle was a royal castle at Cupar , Fife , Scotland .
Townhouse Row is a set of seven historic townhouses located at Chambersburg in Franklin County , Pennsylvania .
Goose Creek State Park is a North Carolina state park near Washington , Beaufort County , North Carolina in the United States .
Stubbs Road connects Happy Valley and The Peak area on Hong Kong Island , Hong Kong , through an area near the Wong Nai Chung Gap .
Bęćkowo ( bɛnt͡ɕˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczuczyn , within Grajewo County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Pawliszcze ( paˈvliʂt͡ʂɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lubycza Królewska , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Rogiet is a village and community in Monmouthshire , south east Wales , between Caldicot and Magor , 8 miles ( 13 km ) west of Chepstow and 11 miles ( 18 km ) east of Newport , which covers an area of 847 hectares ( 3.27 sq mi ) .
Capel Colman is a parish in northeast Pembrokeshire , Wales , in the community of Boncath .
Renwick Dam ( National ID # ND00054 ) is a dam in Akra Township , Pembina County , North Dakota , USA , in the northeastern corner of the state .
The New Hotel Carquinez or simply Hotel Carquinez is a registered historic place in Richmond , California .
Colney Heath is a large village in Hertfordshire , England .
Andrews County Airport ( FAA LID : E11 ) , is located in Andrews , Texas , United States .
Salem Memorial Airport ( FAA LID : K33 ) is a city owned , public use airport located four nautical miles ( 5 mi , 7 km ) southwest of the central business district of Salem , a city in Dent County , Missouri , United States .
Cossatot Community College of the University of Arkansas ( CCCUA ) is a public community college serving southwest Arkansas .
Schwägalp Pass ( el . 1,278 m or 4,193 ft ) is a high mountain pass in the Alps between the cantons of St. Gallen and Appenzell Ausserrhoden in Switzerland .
The Burn of Myrehouse is a coastal stream in Aberdeenshire in northeast Scotland discharging to Banff Bay .
Ryder Center is an athletics and recreational complex located on the campus of Saginaw Valley State University in University Center , Michigan , United States .
Caraquet ( API : /kaʁakɛt/ ) is a Canadian town in Gloucester County , New Brunswick .
Pyrgoi ( Greek : Πύργοι ) ( formerly Katranitsa and Kalavryta ) is a village and a community of the Eordaia municipality .
Guro Station is a subway station in Guro District in Seoul , South Korea .
Azarkal ( Persian : ازاركل‎ , also Romanized as Āzārkal ) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Gharbi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Trstenci ( Serbian : Трстенци ) is a village in the municipality of Derventa , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Rockland County Courthouse and Dutch Gardens is a historic county courthouse , public garden , and national historic district located at New City in Rockland County , New York .
The Granville Female College was a historical women 's college located in Granville , Ohio , United States .
Chal Gerd - e Keshtvarzeh ( Persian : چالگردكشت ورزه‎ , also Romanized as Chāl Gerd - e Keshtvarzeh ; also known as Chālgah - e Keshtvarzeh ) is a village in Zaz - e Sharqi Rural District , Zaz va Mahru District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Stary Olechów ( ˈstarɨ ɔˈlɛxuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sienno , within Lipsko County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
WRMW `` Radio Maria '' ( for : Radio Maria - Wisconsin ) is a non - commercial FM broadcasting station at 91.3 MHz licensed to Peshtigo , Wisconsin serving the Sturgeon Bay area with Catholic programming .
52 Broadway , formerly known as the Exchange Court Building or Chemical Bank Building is a high - rise building on Broadway in the Financial District of Lower Manhattan , New York City .
Rattelsdorf is a community with market rights in the Upper Franconian district of Bamberg ( district ) .
Draddy Gymnasium is a 2,345-seat multi - purpose arena in the Bronx , New York .
Cerdanyola del Vallès ( Catalan pronunciation : ( sərðəˈɲɔɫə ðəɫ βəˈʎɛs ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of the Vallès Occidental in Catalonia .
Cameron Bridge is a village in the conurbation of Levenmouth in Fife , Scotland .
Mohammadabad - e Saidabad ( Persian : محمدابادسعيداباد‎ , also Romanized as Moḩmmadābād - e Sa``īdābād ; also known as Moḩmmadābād - e Şadrī ) is a village in Aliabad Rural District , in the Central District of Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 120 , in 35 families .
Joseph S. Stauffer Library or Stauffer is the main social science and humanities library of Queen 's University in Kingston , Ontario , Canada .
Opeongo Lake is a lake in the Ottawa River drainage basin in the geographic townships of Bower , Dickson , Preston and Sproule in the Unorganized South Part of Nipissing District in Northeastern Ontario , Canada .
Farsley is a town in the City of Leeds metropolitan borough , West Yorkshire , England 6 miles ( 9 km ) to the west of Leeds city centre , and 4 miles ( 6 km ) east of Bradford .
Much Hoole is a village and civil parish in the borough of South Ribble , Lancashire , England .
Obierwia ( ɔˈbjɛrvja ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelis , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Słupsk County ( Polish : powiat słupski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Pomeranian Voivodeship , northern Poland , on the Baltic coast .
School of the Performing Arts in the Richmond Community ( SPARC ) is a school of performing arts established in Richmond , Virginia , United States in 1981 .
Bromley - by - Bow , historically and officially Bromley , is a district in East London , England , in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets .
Operating for over 90 years , Royal Park Hospital was the first psychiatric hospital established in Victoria after the Lunacy Act of 1903 , and was intended for patients with curable disorders .
Eastman Business Park , formerly Kodak Park , is a large manufacturing and industrial complex in the city of Rochester , New York , in the United States .
Terry Fox Field is a multi - purpose sport field on Burnaby Mountain in Burnaby , British Columbia .
Alfred and Plantagenet is a township in eastern Ontario , Canada , in the United Counties of Prescott and Russell at the confluence of the Ottawa River and the South Nation River .
Gomal District ( Pashto : ګومل ولسوالۍ‎ , Persian : ولسوالی گومل‎ ) is a district of Paktika Province , Afghanistan .
Naval Air Warfare Center Warminster ( IATA : NJP , ICAO : KNJP ) was a U.S. Navy military installation located in Warminster , Pennsylvania and Ivyland , Pennsylvania .
The Simhastha Kumbh Mela in the Nashik district was originally held at Trimbak , but after a 1789 clash between Vaishnavites and Saivites over precedence of bathing , the Maratha Peshwa shifted the Vaishnavites ' bathing place to Ramkund in Nashik city .
Rzeżuśnia ( ʐɛˈʐuɕɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołcza , within Miechów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Majorqaq is a meltwater river and valley of the same name in the Qeqqata municipality in central - western Greenland .
Expo Hall is an indoor arena located at the Florida State Fairgrounds in Tampa , Florida .
Zhengmo ( Chinese : 正莫镇 ) is a township - level division of Xinle City , Shijiazhuang , Hebei , China .
The Ocala National Forest ls the second largest nationally protected forest in the U.S. State of Florida .
Senachwine Lake is a 3,324-acre ( 13.5 km² ) riparian lake that forms part of the valley of the Illinois River .
The La Jolla Beach and Tennis Club is a private social club located on the shores of the exclusive La Jolla area of San Diego , California .
McMillan Sand Filtration Site is a twenty - five acre decommissioned water treatment plant in northwest Washington , D.C. connected to the McMillan Reservoir .
Tha Sai ( Thai : ? ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mueang Chiang Rai District , in Chiang Rai Province , Thailand .
Morvarid Darreh ( Persian : مرواريددره‎ , also Romanized as Morvārīd Darreh ; also known as Morvārīd and Morvārīdar ) is a village in Nahr - e Mian Rural District , Zalian District , Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Kut - e Navaser ( Persian : كوت نواصر‎ , also Romanized as Kūt - e Navāşer and Kūt on Navāşer ) was a village in Kut - e Abdollah Rural District , in the Central District of Karun County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Cole 's Pacific Electric Buffet , also known as Cole 's P.E. Buffet , is a restaurant and bar located at 118 East 6th Street in the Historic Core district of downtown Los Angeles , California .
Avihang ( Persian : اويهنگ‎ , also Romanized as Āvīhang and Avīhang ; also known as Āb - i - Hang ) is a village in Zhavarud - e Gharbi Rural District , Kalatrazan District , Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Boręty ( bɔˈrɛntɨ ) ( German : Barendt ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lichnowy , within Malbork County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Watuppa Ponds are two large , naturally occurring , spring - fed , glacially formed ponds located in Fall River and Westport , Massachusetts .
Watts Bar Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Tennessee River in Meigs and Rhea counties in Tennessee , United States .
El Toro High School is a public high school in Lake Forest , California , and is one of five high schools in the Saddleback Valley Unified School District ( SVUSD ) .
Wojciechowice Małe ( vɔi̯t͡ɕɛxɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyżanów , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Sadków Duchowny ( ˈsatkuf duˈxɔvnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Belsk Duży , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The James B. Christie House is a large , flat - roofed Usonian on a wooded site in Bernardsville , in Somerset County , New Jersey , United States .
Hainan Normal University ( simplified Chinese : 海南师范大学 ; traditional Chinese : 海南師範大學 ; pinyin : Hǎinán Shīfàn Dàxué ) , is located in Haikou city and is the province 's oldest institution for higher learning .
Arvada Downtown , also known as Olde Town Arvada ( 5JF1278 ) , is a historic district in Arvada , Colorado bounded by Ralston Road , Teller Road , Grandview Avenue and Yukon Street .
Khankuk ( Persian : خنكوك‎ , also Romanized as Khanḵūḵ ; also known as Khūnīkūk ) is a village in Nimbeluk Rural District , Nimbeluk District , Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Montlhéry ( French : ( mɔ̃.le.ʁi ) ) is a commune in the Essonne department in Île - de - France in northern France .
Bundanon is a large home near Nowra , New South Wales , Australia .
' t Klooster is a neighbourhood in the municipality of Aalten , near Bredevoort ( Achterhoek region ) in the eastern Netherlands with a population of around 500 inhabitants .
Forest Fair Village ( formerly Cincinnati Mall , Cincinnati Mills , and Forest Fair Mall ) is a shopping mall in Forest Park in the northern suburbs of Cincinnati , Ohio , United States , at the junction of Interstate 275 and Gilmore Road ( Exit 39 ) .
Khas Morad ( Persian : خاص مراد‎‎ , also Romanized as Khāṣ Morād ) is a village in Kuhdasht - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Weeks Estate is a historic estate on U.S. Route 3 in Lancaster , New Hampshire .
Bab Hayyeh ( Persian : باب هيه‎ , also Romanized as Bāb Ḩayyeh ; also known as Bābāhi , Bābhā’īyeh , Bābā Ḩayyeh , and Bābūyeh ) is a village in Pa Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Walter Carsen Centre for The National Ballet of Canada is a building at 470 Queen 's Quay West on the waterfront in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Gondwana Rainforest Sanctuary , which was opened on 20 June 1992 , was set up as an Australian wildlife refuge in the South Bank Parklands , in Brisbane , Queensland , Australia , following World Expo 88 .
Barking Power Station refers to a series of power stations at former and current sites within the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham in east London .
Cheshmeh Gelineh ( Persian : چشمه گلینه‎‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Gelīneh ; also known as Cheshmeh Gīneh ) is a village in Cheleh Rural District , in the Central District of Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Freirina is a Chilean commune and town in Huasco Province , Atacama Region .
Jaksmanice ( jaksmaˈnit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Medyka , within Przemyśl County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
The Solomon Hills are a low mountain range in the western Transverse Ranges , in northern Santa Barbara County , California .
Southill , Weymouth is a modern suburb of Weymouth , Dorset , England , and lies about 2 miles ( 3 km ) north of the town centre .
Qomlijeh ( Persian : قمليجه‎ , also Romanized as Qomlījeh ; also known as Qomīlījeh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Harsin County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Thionville ( French pronunciation : ​(tjɔ̃vil ) ; Luxembourgish : Diddenuewen ; German : Diedenhofen ) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Split Point Lighthouse is a lighthouse located in Aireys Inlet , a small town on the Great Ocean Road , Victoria , Australia .
KAFX - FM ( 95.5 FM , `` K - FOX 95.5 '' ) is a radio station that airs a Top 40 ( CHR ) format in the Lufkin and Nacogdoches , Texas areas .
Qaleh Rigi ( Persian : قلعه ريگي‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Rīgī ) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 173 , in 32 families .
Hasseh ( Persian : حصه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩaşşeh , Ḩaşeh , and Ḩasseh ; also known as Hasteh and Shahrak ol Mahdī ) is a village in Qahab - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Narojki ( naˈrɔi̯kʲi ) ( Ukrainian : Нарійки , Nariiky ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drohiczyn , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Klecienko ( klɛˈt͡ɕɛnkɔ ) ( German : Neu Klessengrund ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stronie Śląskie , within Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Odderøya Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Odderøya fyr ) is a coastal lighthouse located at Odderøya in Kristiansand , Norway .
WFMQ ( 91.5 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Lebanon , Tennessee , USA , the station serves the Tennessee college area .
Vend - e Chal ( Persian : وندچال‎ , also Romanized as Vend - e Chāl ) is a village in Rastupey Rural District , in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Chrząstów Wielki ( ˈxʂɔ̃stuf ˈvjɛlki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parzęczew , within Zgierz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Idigh ( also written Idirh ) is a village in the commune of Tamtert , in Béni Abbès District , Béchar Province , Algeria .
Bramall Hall is a Tudor manor house in Bramhall , within the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport , Greater Manchester , England .
The John C. Gifford Arboretum is an arboretum and botanical garden located at the northwest corner of the University of Miami campus in Coral Gables , Florida in the United States .
Kaveh Malek ( Persian : کاوه ملک‎ , also Romanized as Kāveh Malek ) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District , in the Central District of Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Jazz Showcase is the oldest jazz club in Chicago , Illinois , founded in 1947 by NEA Jazz Master Joe Segal , who still owns and operates the venue .
The Marina Green in San Francisco , California , is a 74-acre ( 300,000 m2 ) expanse of grass between Fort Mason and the Presidio .
Neyestanak ( Persian : نيستانك‎ , also Romanized as Neyestānak and Naistānak ) is a village in Baharestan Rural District , in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Coeur d'Alene Mountains are the northwestern - most portion of the Bitterroot Range , part of the Rocky Mountains , located in northern Idaho and westernmost Montana in the Western United States .
Barton Street Arena , also known as the Hamilton Forum , was the main sports arena located in downtown Hamilton , Ontario , on Barton Street between Sanford Street and Wentworth Street .
The Storrier - Stearns Japanese Garden is a Japanese garden located at 270 Arlington Drive in Pasadena , California .
Dogmersfield is a small village between the towns of Fleet and Hartley Wintney located in Hampshire , England .
Matmari also spelled as Matamari ( Kannada : ಮಟಮಾರಿ ) is a village in the Raichur taluk of Raichur district in the Indian state of Karnataka .
Midtown Centre is a business park located in the Jacksonville , Florida neighborhood of St. Nicholas .
Guanghai ( 广海 ) is a town under the jurisdiction of Taishan , in the Guangdong province in southern China .
Castelló d'Empúries is a town and municipality in the Alt Empordà in Girona , Catalonia , Spain .
Cemmaes ( Welsh : Cemaes ) is a village in northern Powys , Wales .
The Carolina Entertainment Complex is an outdoor theater , built in Marion , South Carolina , with a capacity of 6,909 and 3.5 acres ( 14,000 m2 ) of lawn seating and full - service concession stands .
Karistu ( Persian : كريستو‎ , also Romanized as Karīstū ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Kaftareh ( Persian : كفتاره‎ , also Romanized as Kaftāreh ; also known as Kaftārī ) is a village in Arshaq Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Llys y Fran is a small village and parish in the community of New Moat on the southern slopes of the Preseli Mountains in Pembrokeshire , Wales .
Neuendettelsau is situated 20 miles southwest of Nuremberg and 12 miles east of Ansbach .
The Jonathan Corwin House in Salem , Massachusetts , USA -- known as The Witch House -- was the home of Judge Jonathan Corwin ( 1640 - -1718 ) and is the only structure still standing with direct ties to the Salem witch trials of 1692 .
The Shawnee Hotel , now called Shawnee Place , is a historic building in Springfield , Ohio .
The Gulf Islands are the islands in the Strait of Georgia ( also known as Salish Sea or the Gulf of Georgia ) , between Vancouver Island and the mainland of British Columbia , Canada .
Shah Niaz ( Persian : شاه نياز‎ , also Romanized as Shāh Nīāz ) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
South Sandy Creek is a small tributary to Lake Ontario in Jefferson and Lewis counties in the U.S. state of New York .
News / North ( originally the News of the North ) is a newspaper based in Yellowknife , Northwest Territories , with offices in Fort Smith , Hay River , Fort Providence and Norman Wells , Northwest Territories , as well as Iqaluit and Rankin Inlet , Nunavut , and owned by Northern News Services .
Coolkenno ( Irish : Cuil Ui Caoinaith meaning The Nook of The Ui Caoinaith clan ) is a village in County Wicklow in Ireland .
25 The Esplanade is a skyscraper located in downtown Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Grimstad ( listen ) is a town and municipality in Aust - Agder county , Norway .
Ipiales is a city in Nariño Department , Colombia , near the border with Ecuador .
Ilazgi ( Persian : ايلزگي‎ , also Romanized as Īlazgī ) is a village in Baranduzchay - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Moorehead Circle was a triple woodhenge constructed about two millennia ago at the Fort Ancient Earthworks in the U.S. state of Ohio .
The Unified Police Department of Greater Salt Lake ( UPD ) is a police department located in Salt Lake County , Utah .
Piper 's Pool ( or Pipers Pool ) is a hamlet in east Cornwall , England , UK .
Rajub ( Persian : راجوب‎ , also Romanized as Rājūb ; also known as Rājū ) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District , in the Central District of Ramsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Holy Cross Polish National Catholic Church was a historic Polish National Catholic church at Third and Queen in Pe Ell , Washington .
Olsze ( ˈɔlʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morzeszczyn , within Tczew County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Neelamperoor is a village in the Alappuzha district , Kerala .
Cieszęta ( t͡ɕɛˈʂɛnta ) ( German : Sonnenfeld ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieniężno , within Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Daytonnati is the region that includes the metropolitan areas of Cincinnati and Dayton in Ohio .
Red Bank Catholic High School is a four - year private coeducational Roman Catholic high school , located in Red Bank in Monmouth County , New Jersey , United States , serving students in ninth through twelfth grades , operating under the supervision of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Trenton .
Palmowo ( palˈmɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Flint Creek Water Park , located in Wiggins , Mississippi , is part of the Pat Harrison Waterway District , which is a Mississippi State Agency providing outdoor recreation and management of the Pascagoula River Basin .
Karakonam is a town in Kunnathukal , Perumkadavila Block Panchayat , of Thiruvananthapuram district in the Indian state of Kerala .
Uthukadu ( Tamil : ஊத்துக்காடு ) is a small village in Walajabad panchayat union , Kanchipuram district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Eylar ( Persian : ايلر‎ ) is a village in Tang - e Haft Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Mobaraki - ye Seh ( Persian : مباركي سه‎ , also Romanized as Mobārakī - ye Seh and Mobārakī Seh ; also known as Mobārakeh - ye Seh , Mobārakī , and Mobārakī - yeh Seh ) is a village in Soveyseh Rural District , in the Soveyseh District of Karun County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Carpenter Canyon is a canyon on the western side of the Spring Mountains , partially within the Humboldt - Toiyabe National Forest , in Clark County , southern Nevada west of the Las Vegas Valley .
The Shoe Shop - Doucette Ten Footer is a historic wooden building at 36 William Street in Stoneham , Massachusetts , in the United States .
Los Lagos Region ( Spanish : X Región de Los Lagos , literally Region of the Lakes ) is one of Chile 's 15 regions , which are first order administrative divisions , and comprises four provinces :
Alti Aghaj - e Kuchak ( Persian : التي اغاج كوچك‎ , also Romanized as Āltī Āghāj - e Kūchak ) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District , in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Gav Koli ( Persian : گاوكلي‎ , also Romanized as Gāv Kolī ; also known as Gāvgolī ) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Freehold Jewish Center , also referred to as `` Congregation Agudath Achim '' , is a synagogue in Freehold , New Jersey .
Shing Wong Street ( Chinese : 城皇街 ) is a street on the hill slope of Sheung Wan and Mid - levels , Hong Kong .
Owrganjeh ( Persian : اورگنجه‎ , also Romanized as Ūrganjeh ) is a village in Bizineh Rud Rural District , Bizineh Rud District , Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Panj Mahall ( Persian : پنج محل‎ , also Romanized as Panj Maḩal and Panj Maḩall ) is a village in Shapur Rural District , in the Central District of Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Hateruma ( 波照間島 ; Hateruma - jima ; Yaeyama : Hatirooma Okinawan : Hatiruma ) is an island in the Yaeyama District of Okinawa Prefecture , Japan .
The Ballou - Weatherhead House ( or `` Welcome Weatherhead House '' ) is an historic house on Tower Hill Road in Cumberland , Rhode Island .
White Church , also known as The Brick Church , and formally as St. Thomas Episcopal Church and St. Thomas and St. Dennis Parish Church , is an historic church north of Cainhoy in Berkeley County , South Carolina .
Ba Qala Dun ( Persian : باقلادون‎ , also Romanized as Bā Qalā Dūn ; also known as Bā Qaleh Dān ) is a village in Bahmayi - ye Sarhadi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Dishmok District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Jeremiah Morrow Bridge is a pair of parallel continuous truss bridges which span the Little Miami River gorge between Fort Ancient and Oregonia , Ohio .
Chamchal ( Persian : چمچال‎ , also Romanized as Chamchāl ) is a village in Pir Kuh Rural District , Deylaman District , Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Alfred Village Historic District is a national historic district located at Alfred in Allegany County , New York , in the United States .
Stoney Creek Independent Presbyterian Chapel of Prince William Parish or Stoney Creek Presbyterian Chapel is a chapel in southeastern Hampton County , South Carolina , United States in the unincorporated community of McPhersonville , South Carolina about 4 mi ( 6 km ) west of Yemassee .
Manendragarh is a municipal city of the Koriya district that is a part of the state of Chhattisgarh .
Bizeljsko ( pronounced ( biˈzeːlskɔ ) ; German : Wisell ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia , close to the border with Croatia .
The Nicholas Haring House is a historical house located in Rockleigh , Bergen County , New Jersey , United States .
The former William Penn High School for Girls , now known as Franklin Learning Center High School , is a historic high school building located in the Spring Garden neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Budy Rumockie ( ˈbudɨ ruˈmɔt͡skʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Glinojeck , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Disney 's Persian Resort was a themed hotel planned for Walt Disney World Resort in Lake Buena Vista , Florida .
Danielson Airport ( ICAO : KLZD , FAA LID : LZD , formerly 5B3 ) is a state owned , public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) northwest of the central business district of Danielson , a borough in the town of Killingly in Windham County , Connecticut , United States .
Northern Bay Sands is a popular beach and campgrounds in Northern Bay , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
WQLC ( 102.1 FM ) is a country music formatted radio station primarily serving the Lake City , Florida , area , owned by Fred Dockins , through licensee Dockins Broadcast Group , LLC .
Jacob Keller Farm , also known as the Covered Bridge Inn - Bed and Breakfast , is a historic home and grist mill located at Ephrata Township , Lancaster County , Pennsylvania .
The Chappaquiddick incident was a single - vehicle automobile accident on Chappaquiddick Island , Massachusetts on July 18 , 1969 .
Więsławice ( vjɛ̃swaˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Duday ( Persian : دوداي‎ , also Romanized as Dūdāy ; also known as Dadāy ) is a village in Gejlarat - e Sharqi Rural District , Aras District , Poldasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Kheiwa ( Urdu , Punjabi : کھیوہ ) is a town of Jhang District located on Jhang Chiniot road .
Velòdrom del Tirador is a velodrome located in Palma de Mallorca , ( Mallorca , Balearic Islands , Spain ) .
Stare Wierzchowo ( ˈstarɛ vjɛʂˈxɔvɔ ) ( formerly German Sassenburg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Adirondack Park includes New York 's Forest Preserve in Upstate New York , United States .
Waza Khwa District ( Pashto : وازه خوا ولسوالۍ‎ , Persian : ولسوالی وازه‌خواه‎ ) is a district of Paktika Province , Afghanistan .
Glynado ( Γλυνάδο ) is a community on the island of Naxos , in the Cyclades , Greece .
The Mini Stack is the freeway interchange among Interstate 10 , State Route 51 , and Loop 202 in Phoenix , Arizona , United States , located northeast of downtown .
Built in 1873 , the Mount Forest United Church is an important part of the local history of Mount Forest , Ontario , and continues to be one of the most historical , and recognizable landmarks of the area .
North Jersey is a colloquial term , with no precise consensus definition , for the northern portion of the U.S. state of New Jersey .
Sansanding is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Ségou in the Ségou Region of southern - central Mali .
Wólka Terechowska ( ˈvulka tɛrɛˈxɔfska ) ( Ukrainian : Вілька Терехівська , Vil’ka Terekhivs’ka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czeremcha , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Trnovlje pri Celju ( pronounced ( təɾˈnoːu̯ljɛ pɾi ˈtsɛːlju ) ) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Celje in eastern Slovenia .
Si Vin ( Persian : سيوين‎ , also Romanized as Sī Vīn ) is a village in Dehsard Rural District , in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Withernsea is a seaside resort town and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England , and forms the focal point for a wider community of small villages in Holderness .
Lower Mangshila is a village in Mangan subdivision , North Sikkim district , Sikkim , India .
Hangabad ( Persian : هنگ اباد‎ , also Romanized as Hangābād ) is a village in Mangur - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Montjuïc Cemetery , known in Catalan as Cementiri del Sud - oest or Cementiri de Montjuïc , is located on one of the rocky slopes of Montjuïc hill in Barcelona .
Jerome State Historic Park is a state park of Arizona , USA , featuring the Douglas Mansion , built in 1916 by a family of influential mining entrepreneurs in Jerome , Arizona , a mining region in the northeast of the Black Hills , east Yavapai County .
The Gardena Willows Wetland Preserve occupies 13.6 acres ( 55,000 m2 ) of land owned by the City of Gardena , in Los Angeles County , California .
Høvik is a suburban area in the municipality of Bærum , Akershus , Norway , in the Oslo metropolitan area .
Aholming is a municipality in the district of Deggendorf , Germany .
Bahia ( locally ( baˈi.ɐ ) ) is one of the 26 states of Brazil and is located in the northeastern part of the country on the Atlantic coast .
Olentangy Park ( 1880 to 1939 ) was an amusement park in Columbus , Ohio .
Arthur Avenue is a street in the Belmont section of the Bronx , New York City 's northernmost borough .
Sarasota Jungle Gardens has been a tourist attraction in Sarasota , Florida in the United States since 1936 .
Murgah - e Baba Monir ( Persian : مورگاه بابامنير‎ , also Romanized as Mūrgāh - e Bābā Monīr ) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District , Doshman Ziari District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Main Court Building is an office building in Buffalo , New York located on the corner of Main Street and Court Street across the Buffalo Metro Rail from Lafayette Square .
Rusek Mały ( ˈrusɛk ˈmawɨ ) ( German : Klein Rauschken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dźwierzuty , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Floyd W. Jones Lebanon Airport ( ICAO : KLBO , FAA LID : LBO ) is a city - owned public - use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) south of the central business district of Lebanon , a city in Laclede County , Missouri , United States .
The Canoona River is located on Princess Royal Island on the Inside Passage of British Columbia .
Wierzchomino ( vjɛʂxɔˈminɔ ) ( formerly German Varchmin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Będzino , within Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
One57 , formerly known as Carnegie 57 , ( nicknamed `` The Billionaire Building '' ) is a 75-story ( marketed as 90-story ) supertall skyscraper at 157 West 57th Street in the Midtown neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City .
Heshmatabad Rural District ( Persian : دهستان حشمت آباد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Dorud County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Odwiśle ( ɔdˈviɕlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Igołomia - Wawrzeńczyce , within Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Lockyer Valley is an area of rich farmlands that lies to the west of Brisbane , Queensland , Australia and east of Toowoomba .
Lake Hood Strip ( ICAO : PALH , FAA LID : LHD ) is a state - owned public - use general aviation airstrip adjacent to the Lake Hood Seaplane Base ( ICAO : PALH , FAA LID : LHD ) , three miles ( 5 km ) southwest of downtown Anchorage in the U.S. state of Alaska .
K. Chappathu ( also known as K. Chappath or Karimkulam Chappathu ) is a village located in the Idukki district of Kerala , India .
Palisades Amusement Park was a thirty - acre amusement park located in Bergen County , New Jersey , across the Hudson River from New York City .
Aken ( Elbe ) ( German pronunciation : ( ˈaːkən ) ) is a town in the district of Anhalt - Bitterfeld in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
The Tony and Nancy Moye Football and Lacrosse Complex ( also known as Moye Complex or Five Star Stadium ) is a 10,200 seat football and lacrosse stadium on the campus of Mercer University in Macon , Georgia , United States .
The Big Boulder Lakes are a chain of thirteen small alpine and glacial Paternoster lakes in Custer County , Idaho , United States , located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area .
The Forbidden Plateau is a small , hilly plateau in the east of the Vancouver Island Ranges in British Columbia , located northwest of Comox Lake roughly between Mount Albert Edward to the southwest and Mount Washington ( site of the Mount Washington Alpine Resort ) to the northeast .
WAKX ( 98.7 FM , `` KIX Country 98.7 '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Palm Coast , Florida .
The Eleanor Schonell Bridge , better known as the Green Bridge , is a 390-metre ( 1,280 ft)-long cable - stayed bridge which crosses the Brisbane River between Dutton Park and the University of Queensland 's St Lucia campus , connecting the UQ Lakes and Dutton Park Place busway stations .
The Museum of Sex , also known as MoSex , is a sex museum located at 233 Fifth Avenue at the corner of East 27th Street in Manhattan , New York City .
Hollis / Brookline High School is a public school located in Hollis , New Hampshire , serving the towns of Hollis and Brookline .
Oyangudi is a small village situated near Nazareth in Thoothukudi District of Tamil Nadu , India .
Amet is a city and a municipality in Rajsamand district in the Indian state of Rajasthan .
Malvern Hill stands on the north bank of the James River in Henrico County , Virginia , USA , about eighteen miles southeast of Richmond .
Crescenzago is a district ( `` quartiere '' ) of Milan , Italy , part of the Zone 2 administrative division , north - east of the city centre .
Amaniyeh ( Persian : امانيه‎ , also Romanized as Āmānīyeh ) is a village in Khoshkrud Rural District , in the Central District of Zarandieh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Drawbridge Peak is located on the Continental Divide along the provincial borders of Alberta and British Columbia .
Grabowo - Osada ( ɡraˈbɔvɔ ɔˈsada ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lubawa , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Leo Carrillo State Park is a state park of California , United States , and a component of Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area preserving 1.5 miles ( 2.4 km ) of beach at the foot of the Santa Monica Mountains .
Aqa Berar ( Persian : اقابرار‎ , also Romanized as Āqā Berār ) is a village in Fathabad Rural District , in the Central District of Qasr - e Shirin County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Emamzadeh Kuhestan ( Persian : امامزاده كوهستان‎ , also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Kūhestān ) is a village in Fishvar Rural District , Evaz District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Thuthiyoor is village in Thrikkakkara grama panchayath , Ernakulam district , Kerala , India .
The Resting Spring Range is found in the eastern Mojave Desert of California near the Nevada state line in the United States .
Omak School District , officially known as Omak School District 19 , is a school district that serves Omak , Washington , a city in the Okanogan region of United States .
Muggowal ( pronounced /muhgWoll/ ) is an agricultural village in the Hoshiarpur District of Punjab in India .
Lonesome Pine Airport ( IATA : LNP , ICAO : KLNP , FAA LID : LNP ) is a public airport located three miles ( 5 km ) northeast of the central business district ( CBD ) of Wise , a town in Wise County , Virginia , USA .
The Belcher 's ( Chinese : 寶翠園 ; Jyutping : bou2 ceoi3 jyun4 ) is a high - rise residential development situated in the Western Pok Fu Lam / Western Mid - levels area of Hong Kong Island .
Garwacz ( ˈɡarvat͡ʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Pain Rostam ( Persian : پايين رستم‎ , also Romanized as Pā’īn Rostam ) is a village in Balatajan Rural District , in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Pocześle ( pɔˈt͡ʂɛɕlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów nad Wisłą , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Bad Gastein is located in the historic Pongau region , the municipal area of about 171 square kilometres ( 66 sq mi ) is the largest in St. Johann i m Pongau District .
Snaith is a town in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England , approximately 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) west of Goole on the A1041 at its junction with the A645 .
Dizaj - e Bala ( Persian : ديزج بالا‎ , also Romanized as Dīzaj - e Bālā ) is a village in Mojezat Rural District , in the Central District of Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Chaparral Prairie State Nature Preserve is a 67-acre ( 27 ha ) nature preserve located in Adams County , Ohio , United States , near the city of West Union .
The Skidaway Institute of Oceanography ( SkIO ) is an internationally renowned marine science research institute located on the northern end of Skidaway Island near Savannah , Georgia , USA .
Rugby Park is a football stadium situated in the Scottish town of Kilmarnock .
Vallivue High School is a four - year public secondary school in Caldwell , Idaho , the only traditional high school in the Vallivue School District .
Frączkowo ( frɔnt͡ʂˈkɔvɔ ) ( German Fritzendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
The Black Theater of Ardmore is a historic theater building in Ardmore , Oklahoma , United States .
Melangadi is a small town near to Calicut Airport and Kondotty town in Malappuram district , Kerala state , India .
Qeyapa ( Persian : قياپا‎ , also Romanized as Qeyāpā , Qīāpā , and Qīyāpā ; also known as Ghīyapa ) is a village in Rostaq Rural District , in the Central District of Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Kushk - e Fashapuyeh ( Persian : كوشك فشاپويه‎ , also Romanized as Kūshk - e Fashāpūyeh ; also known as Kūshk and Kūshkak ) is a village in Koleyn Rural District , Fashapuyeh District , Rey County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Ocean Walk Shoppes , is an open air shopping mall located in Daytona Beach , Florida .
The Ballarat Botanical Gardens Reserve , located on the western shore of picturesque Lake Wendouree , in Ballarat , Victoria , Australia , covers an area of 40 hectares which is divided into three distinct zones .
Przygodziczki ( pʂɨɡɔˈd͡ʑit͡ʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przygodzice , within Ostrów Wielkopolski County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Merriwagga is a town in the northern part of the Riverina region of the Australian state of New South Wales .
Araria district is one of the thirty - eight districts of Bihar state , India , and has the following villages :
Mungana is a neighbourhood in Chillagoe , north Queensland , Australia .
Cheshmeh Rizak Habibollah ( Persian : چشمه ريزك حبيب اله‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Rīzak Ḩabībollah ) is a village in Dehdasht - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Woolsey Finnell Bridge is the four - lane , girder bridge spanning the Black Warrior River along U.S. Route 82 ( McFarland Boulevard ) in Tuscaloosa , Alabama that opened in 1961 .
Lungotevere Grande Ammiraglio Thaon di Revel ( official name : lungotevere Grande A.glio Thaon di Revel ) is the stretch of lungotevere which links ponte Duca d'Aosta to the via Flaminia , in Rome , quarter Flaminio .
The Anne Beadell Highway is an outback unsealed track linking Coober Pedy , South Australia , and Laverton , Western Australia , a total distance of 1,325 km ( 823 mi ) .
The Watarru Indigenous Protected Area is an Indigenous Protected Area in the north west corner of South Australia .
Robert K. Kraft Field at Lawrence A. Wien Stadium is a stadium in the Inwood neighborhood at the northern tip of the island of Manhattan , New York City .
Barnet Museum is in the London Borough of Barnet .
Shenton railway station is located about 0.5 miles from the village of Shenton , Leicestershire , England .
Rud Zard Rural District ( Persian : دهستان رودزرد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kuin - e Olya ( Persian : كويين عليا‎ , also Romanized as Kū’īn - e `` Olyā ; also known as Kū’īn ) is a village in Bala Taleqan Rural District , in the Central District of Taleqan County , Alborz Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 66 , in 25 families .
Bo Phak ( Thai : บ่อภาค ) is a subdistrict in the Chat Trakan District of Phitsanulok Province , Thailand .
Carl Sandburg High School , Sandburg , or CSHS , is a public four - year high school located at the intersection of La Grange Road and 131st Street in Orland Park , Illinois , a southwest suburb of Chicago , Illinois , in the United States .
CJSO - FM is a french language hot adult contemporary radio station that operates at 101.7 FM in Sorel - Tracy , Quebec , Canada .
The Woodland Park School District is a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through eighth grade from the Borough of Woodland Park ( formerly known as West Paterson ) , in Passaic County , New Jersey , United States .
Bavla is a town , and a municipality , in Ahmedabad district , in the state of Gujarat , India .
Wola Osińska ( ˈvɔla ɔˈɕiɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żyrzyn , within Puławy County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Karguh ( Persian : كرگوه‎ , also Romanized as Kārgūh ; also known as Kārgū ) is a village in Gabrik Rural District , in the Central District of Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The South Seattle College Arboretum ( formerly South Seattle Community College Arboretum , renamed with the college in March 2014 ) is a 6-acre ( 24,000 m2 ) arboretum and botanical garden located at the north end of the South Seattle College campus in Seattle , Washington .
Bicentennial Square , formerly known as Centenary Square , is located in the heart of Parramatta , New South Wales , Australia .
Ossówno ( ɔsˈsuvnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbno , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Palang Azad ( Persian : پلنگ ازاد‎ , also Romanized as Palang Āzād ) is a village in Miandorud - e Bozorg Rural District , in the Central District of Miandorud County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Kwong Wah Hospital ( Chinese : 廣華醫院 ) is a 1,141-bed public , teaching hospital in Yau Ma Tei , Hong Kong .
The Groeningemuseum is a municipal museum in Bruges , Belgium , built on the site of the medieval Eekhout Abbey .
Dobson Yacht Club ( DYC ) is a private yacht club based in Westmount , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Lubotyń - Kolonia ( luˈbɔtɨɲ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Lubotyń , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Isay ( Scottish Gaelic : Ìosaigh , pronounced ( ˈiəs̪aj ) ) is an uninhabited island in the Inner Hebrides of the west coast of Scotland .
Paluzza ( Friulian : Paluce ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli - Venezia Giulia .
The Anderson - Carlson Building is a historic six - flat apartment building in the West Ridge community area of Chicago , Illinois .
Fan Sin Temple , alias `` Fan Sin Kung '' or `` Fan Sin Miu '' ( 樊仙宮 ) , is a temple in Hong Kong , located in Sheung Wun Yiu , Tai Po .
WKZP ( 95.9 FM ) is a radio station serving Salisbury and Ocean City , Maryland , as well as Sussex County , Delaware .
Newtongrange ( listen ) is a former mining village in Midlothian , Scotland .
Jelambar is an administrative village ( kelurahan ) of Grogol Petamburan , West Jakarta , Indonesia .
Čimelice is a larger village in the north of the Písek District , along the route which connects South Bohemia with Prague and which is widely known as `` R4 '' or `` Strakonická '' ( named after the town of Strakonice ) .
Bhainsrorgarh Fort or Bhainsror Fort is an ancient fort that has become a major tourist spot in the state of Rajasthan , India .
Tostock is a small village around eight miles east of Bury St. Edmunds in the county of Suffolk .
The Preston Monument is a stone marker that shows tri - point ( the place where three states meet ) of Oklahoma , Colorado , and New Mexico .
Horbova ( Ukrainian : Горбова ; Romanian : Horbova ) is a commune ( selsoviet ) in Hertsa Raion , Chernivtsi Oblast , Ukraine .
Mount McConnel National Recreation Trail is a hiking trail in the Cache La Poudre Wilderness of Roosevelt National Forest west of Fort Collins , Colorado .
KZSU is a freeform FM radio station broadcasting from the campus of Stanford University in Stanford , California , USA .
`` Annamede '' , also known as Davisson - Blair Farm , is a historic home located near Walkersville , Lewis County , West Virginia .
Het Steen is a medieval fortress in the old city centre of Antwerp , Belgium , one of Europe 's biggest ports .
Dar Eshkut ( Persian : دراشكوت‎ , also Romanized as Dar Eshkūt ; also known as Dar Eshkū and Darreh Eshkū ) is a village in Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Manujan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
In terms of the Côte d'Or hillside , Chevalier - Montrachet is located above Montrachet , and is located highest of the five `` Montrachet '' vineyards .
Indian Battle Park is a park located in the Oldman River valley urban park system of Lethbridge , Alberta .
The Cadwallader Range , originally named the Cadwallader Mountains , is a sub - range of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in the Bridge River - Lillooet Country of the South - Central Interior of British Columbia , Canada , located between the south end of Anderson Lake ( E ) and the Hurley River .
The intersection of King and Story serves as an important marker for the center in East San Jose , California .
Kalkhuran ( Persian : كلخوران‎ , also Romanized as Kalkhūrān ) is a village in Hir Rural District , Hir District , Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Esenboğa International Airport ( IATA : ESB , ICAO : LTAC ) ( Turkish : Ankara Esenboğa Havalimanı or Esenboğa Uluslararası Havalimanı ) , is the international airport of Ankara , the capital city of Turkey .
Essex Agricultural and Technical High School was an agricultural and technical high school located in Hathorne section of Danvers , Massachusetts .
Mount Hoffmann is a prominent peak in northeastern Mariposa County in the center of Yosemite National Park , California , United States .
Bartnes Church ( Norwegian : Bartnes kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Steinkjer in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
War Eagle Mill is a working gristmill in Benton County , Arkansas .
Narol - Wieś ( ˈnarɔl ˈvʲɛɕ ) ( Ukrainian : Наріль-Село , Naril''-Selo ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narol , within Lubaczów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Finse is a mountain village area on the shore of the lake Finsevatnet in Ulvik municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Midong District ( Pinyin : Mǐdōng Qū Uyghur : میدونگ رايونى‎ , ULY : Midong Rayoni , UYY : Midong Rayoni ? ) is a county in the Prefecture - level city of Ürümqi , which is the capital region of China 's Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region .
The Little Shamrock is a historic bar in the Inner Sunset district in San Francisco , California .
Poshteh - ye Samavat ( Persian : پشته سماوات‎ , also Romanized as Poshteh - ye Samāvāt ; also known as Cheshmeh Samāvāt , Mashhadī Qāsem - e Samāvāt , and Posht Samāvāt ) is a village in Cheleh Rural District , in the Central District of Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Batiscan River is located in La Mauricie administrative region , in the Quebec province , Canada .
Krzysztoforowo ( kʂɨʂtɔfɔˈrɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sidra , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Brigham Young Oil Well is an oil seep near Evanston , Wyoming that was discovered and used by the original Mormon expedition to Utah under the leadership of Brigham Young .
Rudhaleh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان رودحله‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Rig District of Ganaveh County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Rąbień ( ˈrɔmbʲɛɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Łódzki , within Zgierz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Shelfield is a small village to the north of Walsall in the West Midlands conurbation .
Boneh - ye Farhan ( Persian : بنه فرهان‎ , also Romanized as Boneh - ye Farhān ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramhormoz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Cheshmeh Soltan ( Persian : چشمه سلطان‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Solţān ; also known as Cheshmeh Solţār ) is a village in Pachehlak - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Azna County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Gérardmer ( French pronunciation : ​(ʒeʁaʁme ) ; German : Gerdsee or archaic Geroldsee ) is a commune in the Vosges department in Lorraine in northeastern France .
The North Star Mine and Powerhouse are located on Lafayette Hill a short distance south of Grass Valley in the U.S. state of California .
Radomiłowice ( radɔmiwɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek Śląski , within Lwówek Śląski County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Szwejki Wielkie ( ˈʂfɛi̯ki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice , within Rawa County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Coconino Plateau is found south of the Grand Canyon and north -- northwest of Flagstaff , in northern Arizona of the Southwestern United States .
Koniemłoty ( kɔɲemˈwɔtɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów , within Staszów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Kwu Tung ( Chinese : 古洞 ) is an area in the northern New Territories , west of Sheung Shui and Fanling , and east of Lok Ma Chau and San Tin , in Hong Kong .
Lake Lyndon B. Johnson ( more commonly referred to as Lake LBJ and originally named Lake Granite Shoals ) is a reservoir on the Colorado River in the Texas Hill Country in the United States .
KSLX - FM is a Classic rock radio station serving the Phoenix , Arizona area .
Estádio Milton Corrêa , usually known as Zerão , is a multi - purpose stadium located in Macapá , Brazil .
Zahr ( Persian : ظهر‎ , also Romanized as Z̧ahr and Z̧ehr ; also known as Kalāteh - ye Z̧ahr and Kalāteh - ye Z̧ehr ) is a village in Borun Rural District , in the Central District of Ferdows County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Bom Jesus da Lapa is a municipality in Bahia , Brazil located 796 kilometres ( 495 mi ) from the state capital .
Edappon ( ഇടപ്പോണ്‍ ) is a small town situated in Nooranad panchayat in Alappuzha district of the state of Kerala in South India .
Okup Mały ( ˈɔkup ˈmawɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łask , within Łask County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Veshtan ( Persian : وشتان‎ , also Romanized as Veshtān and Voshtān ) is a village in Doboluk Rural District , Arjomand District , Firuzkuh County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Gardens of the Fox Cities ( 35 acres ) are nonprofit botanical gardens and an arboretum located in Appleton Memorial Park at 1313 Witzke Boulevard , Appleton , Wisconsin .
Gugarchinak ( Persian : گوگر چينک‎ , also Romanized as Gūgarchīnak , Googar Chīnak , and Govarchīnak ; also known as Gohār Chānak , Gowgarchīnīk , and Gūrchīnak ) is a village in Shivanat Rural District , Afshar District , Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Market Tower is a skyscraper located at the corner of Illinois and Market streets in Indianapolis , Indiana .
Macombs Dam Park ( mə - KOOMZ ) is a park in the New York City borough of the Bronx .
The Avenue de l'Opéra was created from 1864 to 1879 as part of Haussmann 's renovation of Paris .
The Meadowmount School of Music , founded in 1944 by Ivan Galamian , is a 7-week summer school in Westport in Upstate New York for accomplished young violinists , cellists , violists , and pianists training for professional careers in music .
Miseno is one of the frazioni of the municipality of Bacoli in the Italian Province of Naples .
Klakowo ( klaˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubicze Cerkiewne , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Schmeckfest ( festival of tasting ) is an annual four - day festival in Freeman , South Dakota , that celebrates the heritage and culture of Germans from Russia Mennonites who emigrated to North America starting in the 1870s .
The Biscuit Fire was a wildfire that took place in 2002 that burned nearly 500,000 acres ( 2,000 km² ) in the Siskiyou National Forest in southern Oregon and northern California , in the Western United States .
Taveh Badom ( Persian : طاوه بادام‎ , also Romanized as Tāveh Bādom ; also known as Kāveh Bādām and Tāvīeh Bādom ) is a village in Dasht - e Rum Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Emerson Lake is a dry lake bed in the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County , California , 66 km ( 41 mi ) northeast of Joshua Tree .
The Dinkey Lakes Wilderness is a federally designated wilderness area located 45 miles ( 72 km ) northeast of Fresno , in the state of California , USA .
The Port of Chicago consists of several major port facilities within the city of Chicago , Illinois operated by the Illinois International Port District ( formerly known as the Chicago Regional Port District ) .
Yanka Kupala Park is a park in Minsk , Belarus located along Svislach river .
The Queen Elizabeth Way ( QEW ) is a 400-series highway in the Canadian province of Ontario linking Toronto with the Niagara Peninsula and Buffalo , New York .
Bocines ( variant : San Martín de Bocines ) is one of thirteen parishes ( administrative divisions ) in the Gozón municipality , within the province and autonomous community of Asturias , in northern Spain .
Teffont Evias , also Teffont Ewyas , past alternative spellings including Tevont Evias , is a small village and former civil parish in the south of Wiltshire , England .
Leduck Island is an island in the United States Virgin Islands , also spelled LeDuck Island , which is located 0.5 miles east of Sabbat Point in Johns Folly , separated from Saint John by the Sabbat Channel .
WXRL is an AM radio station located in Lancaster , New York , serving the greater Buffalo market .
The Bost Building , also known as Columbia Hotel , is located on East Eighth Avenue ( PA 837 ) in Homestead , Pennsylvania , United States .
KWMX is a commercial classic rock music radio station in Williams , Arizona , broadcasting to the Flagstaff - Prescott , Arizona , area on 96.7 FM .
Monee Reservoir , located at 27341 Ridgeland Avenue , Monee , Illinois , is part of the Forest Preserve District of Will County .
Siavan Mahalleh ( Persian : سياوان محله‎ , also Romanized as Sīāvān Maḩalleh ) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District , in the Central District of Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Horner Site ' , also known as Horner Site 48PA29 , Creek Site , or Horner 's Corner Site , is a Cody complex archaeological site near Cody , Wyoming .
The Winston - Salem Open is a men 's professional tennis tournament played on the ATP Tour at Wake Forest University in Winston - Salem , North Carolina in the United States .
Łukęcin ( wuˈkɛnt͡ɕin ) ( German Lüchenthin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziwnów , within Kamień County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The National Motor Racing Museum ( NMRM ) is located in the regional New South Wales city of Bathurst , approximately 200 km west of Sydney .
Mahnabad ( Persian : مهن اباد‎ , also Romanized as Mahnābād ; also known as Mahābād and Mahīnābād ) is a village in Rudbar Rural District , in the Central District of Rudbar - e Jonubi County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Plebanowo ( plɛbaˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynki , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Mount Washington Alpine Resort is an alpine skiing ski resort located on Mount Washington on the eastern edge of the Vancouver Island Ranges in British Columbia , Canada .
Walla Walla University is a university offering liberal arts , professional , and technical programs located in College Place , Washington , just a few miles from Walla Walla .
Kostry - Litwa ( ˈkɔstrɨ ˈlitfa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Gonzaga Preparatory School in Spokane , Washington , is a private , Catholic high school in the Inland Northwest .
Lundamo Station ( Norwegian : Lundamo stasjon ) is a railway station in the village of Lundamo in the municipality of Melhus in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
The Stade de Paris ( usually called Stade Bauer ) is an 10,000-capacity football ( soccer ) stadium in Saint - Ouen , Seine - Saint - Denis in the northern suburbs of Paris .
Belle Air Plantation is an estate located on the north bank of the James River in Charles City County , Virginia , USA .
Hiteh Tala ( Persian : حيطه طلا‎ , also Romanized as Ḩīţeh Ţalā ; also known as Ḩebţeh Ţalā ) is a village in Bizaki Rural District , Golbajar District , Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Stirling Aerodrome ( TC LID : CPJ5 ) is located near Stirling , Ontario , Canada , north of Belleville .
Sar Hammam - e Abu ol Hasan ( Persian : سرحمام ابوالحسن كلا‎ , also Romanized as Sar Ḩammām - e Abū ol Ḩasan Kolā ) is a village in Gatab - e Jonubi Rural District , Gatab District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Book Cliffs are a series of desert mountains and cliffs in western Colorado and eastern Utah , in the western United States .
Charleston Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : 09 M ) is a city owned , public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) south of the central business district of Charleston , a city in Tallahatchie County , Mississippi , United States .
Garlieston is a small planned coastal village in Dumfries and Galloway , south west Scotland .
Thornton Friends School was a 6 - 12 Quaker school with three campuses , two in Silver Spring , Maryland , U.S. , and one in Alexandria , Virginia in the Washington , D.C. metropolitan area .
Cacela Velha ( meaning `` Old Cacela '' in Portuguese ) is a village located in the civil parish of Vila Nova de Cacela , municipality of Vila Real de Santo António , Algarve , Portugal .
Hajji Jalil ( Persian : حاجي جليل‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Jalīl ; also known as Ḩājjīābād - e Jalīl ) is a village in Shurab - e Tangazi Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Saclas ( French pronunciation : ​(sakla ) ) is a commune in the Essonne department in Île - de - France in northern France .
Riz Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ريز‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Riz District of Jam County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Hiellen 2 , properly known as Hiellen Indian Reserve No . 2 , is an Indian Reserve on the north coast of Graham Island in the Queen Charlotte Islands , British Columbia , Canada .
Il Yurdi ( Persian : ايل يوردي ‎ , also Romanized as Īl Yūrdī ; also known as Shāh Goldī and Shāh Yūrdī ) is a village in Seyyedan Rural District , Abish Ahmad District , Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Woodford Street Historic District includes a cohesive collection of five triple decker houses at 35 - 39 and 38 - 40 Woodford Street in Worcester , Massachusetts .
Piz Roseg ( pronounced as peetse rawzech ) is a mountain of the Bernina Range , overlooking the Val Roseg in the Swiss canton of Graubünden .
Kmiecin ( ˈkmjɛt͡ɕin ) ( German : Fürstenau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański , within Nowy Dwór Gdański County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Blenio was created on 22 October 2006 when it incorporated the formerly autonomous municipalities of Aquila , Campo Blenio , Ghirone , Olivone and Torre of the upper Blenio valley .
Warny ( ˈvarnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłakowo , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Latonice ( latɔˈnit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Mazraeh - ye Eskandarabad ( Persian : مزرعه اسکندر آباد‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Eskandarābād ; also known as Eskandarābād ) is a village in Forumad Rural District , in the Central District of Meyami County , Semnan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 15 , in 4 families .
Crawford Square is a New Urbanist style housing development located in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Harz National Park is a nature reserve in the German federal states of Lower Saxony and Saxony - Anhalt .
Ani Rural District ( Persian : دهستان اني‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Nelson Field is a multi - use stadium in Austin , Texas , located on the north side of U.S. Route 290 at the junction with Berkman Drive .
The Mên - an - Tol ( also Men an Toll ) is a small formation of standing stones in Cornwall , United Kingdom ( grid reference SW426349 ) .
Jahanabad - e Pain ( Persian : جهان ابادپائين‎ , also Romanized as Jahānābād - e Pā’īn ; also known as Jahānābād ) is a village in Fahraj Rural District , in the Central District of Fahraj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Church of St. John the Warrior on Yakimanka Street ( Russian : Церковь Иоанна Воина , Tserkov ' Ivana Voina ) is a Russian Orthodox church in Yakimanka District of Moscow erected in 1704 - 1717 , during the reign of Peter the Great .
The Polychrome Historic District is a national historic district in the Four Corners neighborhood in Silver Spring , Montgomery County , Maryland .
The V - Bar - V Heritage Site is the largest known petroglyph site in the Verde Valley of central Arizona , and one of the best - preserved .
Grove Street Cemetery or Grove Street Burial Ground in New Haven , Connecticut is located adjacent to the Yale University campus .
The Blair - Caldwell African American Research Library is a branch of the Denver Public Library in Denver , Colorado , in the United States that serves the Five Points neighborhood .
Lunca Bradului ( Hungarian : Palotailva , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈpɒlotɒilvɒ ) ) is a commune in Mureş County , Transylvania , Romania .
Czartosy ( t͡ʂarˈtɔsɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Schleife ( German pronunciation : ( ˈʃlaɪfə ) ; Upper Sorbian : Slepo , IPA : ( ˈslɛpɔ ) ) is a municipality of 3,000 in northern Görlitz district , northeast Saxony , Germany .
Töre ( Kalix Language : te'or ) is a locality situated in Kalix Municipality , Norrbotten County , Sweden with 1,099 inhabitants in 2010 .
Teele Square is at the intersection of Broadway , Holland Street , and Curtis Street in Somerville , Massachusetts , a half - mile from Davis Square and the Davis Square stop on the MBTA Red Line , as well as a half - mile from Alewife Brook Parkway ( Route 16 ) and Powder House Square .
Pupri ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) ( Hindi : पुपरी विधान सभा निर्वाचन क्षेत्र ) was an assembly constituency in Sitamarhi district in the Indian state of Bihar .
The Miriam Barnert Hebrew Free School was dedicated on September 27 , 1904 in Paterson , New Jersey by Nathan Barnert .
Dab Amir ( Persian : دب امير‎ , also Romanized as Dab Āmīr ; also known as Dab ol Amīr and Dūb ol Mīr ) is a village in Jarahi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahshahr County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
St Wynwallow 's Church , Landewednack , is the parish church of Landewednack parish in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Qarineh Darreh ( Persian : قرينه دره‎ , also Romanized as Qarīneh Darreh ; also known as Qarīneh Darreh - ye `` Olyā ) is a village in Hendudur Rural District , Sarband District , Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 128 , in 30 families .
The Alba - Golden Independent School District is a school district serving southeastern Rains and western Wood counties in eastern Texas ( USA ) .
The Castle of Cardona ( Catalan : Castell de Cardona , IPA : ( kəsˈteʎ də kərˈðonə ) ) is arguably the most important medieval fortress in the Principality of Catalonia .
Úhořilka is small village in the Havlíčkův Brod District , Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Thomas Branigan Memorial Library ; often referred to as simply `` Branigan '' , is the public library serving Las Cruces , New Mexico .
The Catamount Tavern was a tavern in Old Bennington , Vermont , USA .
Poliksy ( pɔˈliksɨ ) ( German : Polixen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgoń , within Sztum County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kobylnica Wołoska ( kɔbɨlˈɲit͡sa vɔˈwɔska ) ( Ukrainian : Кобильниця Волоська , Kobyl’nytsia Volos’ka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielkie Oczy , within Lubaczów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Norfolk International Airport ( IATA : ORF , ICAO : KORF , FAA LID : ORF ) is a public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) northeast of the central business district of Norfolk , an independent city in the U.S. state of Virginia .
Toltec Mounds Archeological State Park ( 3 LN 42 ) , also known as Knapp Mounds , Toltec Mounds Site or Toltec Mounds , is an archaeological site from the Late Woodland period in Arkansas that protects an 18-mound complex with the tallest surviving prehistoric mounds in Arkansas .
Dahnab ( Persian : دهناب‎ , also Romanized as Dahnāb ) is a village in Sahandabad Rural District , Tekmeh Dash District , Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Riverside Geyser is a geyser in Yellowstone National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming .
Jonnavaripalem is a small village in Repalle Mandalam , located on the banks of the River Krishna in the Guntur district , Andhra Pradesh State , India .
B.M.C. Durfee High School is a public high school located in the city of Fall River , Massachusetts .
The Pyramid of Austerlitz is a 36 metre high pyramid of earth , built in 1804 by Napoleon 's soldiers on one of the highest points of the Utrecht ridge , in the municipality of Woudenberg .
Obuchowizna ( ɔbuxɔˈvʲizna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Augustów , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Shire of Dandaragan is a local government area located in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia , about 200 kilometres ( 124 mi ) north of the state capital , Perth .
Jicarilla Apache refers to the members of the Jicarilla Apache Nation currently living in New Mexico and speaking a Southern Athabaskan language .
Camp Houlton was a United States prisoner - of - war camp that operated from October 1944 to May 1946 at the former Houlton Army Air Base in Houlton , Maine .
Isle Abbots ( sometimes spelled Isle Abbotts ) is a village and civil parish in Somerset , England , situated 7 miles ( 11.3 km ) south east of Taunton in the South Somerset district .
The Bonavista Peninsula is a large peninsula on the east coast of the island of Newfoundland in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador .
Nowe Nadratowo ( ˈnɔvɛ nadraˈtɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żuromin , within Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Sar Dasht - e Abdolreza ( Persian : سردشت عبدالرضا‎ , also Romanized as Sar Dasht - e ʿAbdolrez̤ā ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Sarhadi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Charusa District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Szabelnia ( ʂaˈbɛlɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskie , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Fairfield Museum and History Center is a museum and library located at 370 Beach Road in Fairfield , Connecticut .
The Mob Museum , officially the National Museum of Organized Crime and Law Enforcement , is a history museum located in Downtown Las Vegas , Nevada .
Oaklawn Garden , also known as Oaklawn Gardens , is a botanical garden , park and museum located at 7831 Old Poplar Pike in Germantown , Tennessee , USA .
WQKL , known on the air as ann arbor 's 107one , is a radio station broadcasting from Ann Arbor , Michigan .
Ardessie ( Gaelic : ) is a small hamlet on the south western shore of Little Loch Broom 2 miles northwest of Dundonnell , in Garve , Ross - shire , in the Highland region and is in within the Scottish council area of Highland .
Arapeí is a Brazilian municipality of the eastern part of the state of São Paulo .
Illogan ( pronounced illuggan , Cornish : Egloshalow ) is a village and civil parish in west Cornwall , England , UK , two miles ( 3 km ) northwest of Redruth .
The Gemeentelijk Sportpark Kaalheide is a stadium situated in Kerkrade , Netherlands .
The Purdue Mall Water Sculpture , often referred to as the Engineering Fountain , is a water sculpture and fountain located at the main campus of Purdue University in West Lafayette , Indiana .
The Shire of Rutherglen was a local government area about 275 kilometres ( 171 mi ) north - northeast of Melbourne , the state capital of Victoria , Australia .
Middleton - on - Leven is a hamlet and civil parish in Hambleton district of North Yorkshire , England .
The Woolley House was the recipient of the RAIA NSW Chapter Wilkinson Award in the year of its construction , the highest award for housing in New South Wales .
Mountain View Christian Academy is a K-12 Christian school founded in 1982 and located in Bryant , Alabama , USA .
Tarraleah is a small town in the Central Highlands of Tasmania 126 km north - west of the state capital Hobart , and slightly closer to Queenstown .
Carriage Crossing is an open - air regional lifestyle shopping center in suburban Collierville , Tennessee outside Memphis , Tennessee .
Copenhagen City Hall ( Danish : Københavns Rådhus ) is the headquarters of the municipal council as well as the Lord mayor of the Copenhagen Municipality , Denmark .
North Karelia ( Finnish : Pohjois - Karjala ; Swedish : Norra Karelen ; Russian : Северная Карелия ) is a region in eastern Finland .
The Sierra Madre Dam is a dam on Little Santa Anita Creek , at the mouth of Little Santa Anita Canyon , in Los Angeles County , California .
Farragut Wildlife Management Area at 1,405 acres ( 5.69 km2 ) is an Idaho wildlife management area in Kootenai County that borders Farragut State Park .
Ausserferrera ( Romansh : Farera ) is a village in the district of Hinterrhein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden .
Abrams Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : 4D0 ) is a city - owned , public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) north of the central business district of Grand Ledge , a city in Clinton County , Michigan , United States .
Kolonia Sobienie Biskupie ( kɔˈlɔɲja sɔˈbjɛɲɛ bisˈkupjɛ ) is part of Sobienie Biskupie village , Gmina Sobienie - Jeziory .
The Yountville Hills are a mountain range in Napa County , California on the northwest side of the town of Yountville .
Uhryń ( ˈuxrɨɲ ) ( Ukrainian : Угринь , Uhryn '' ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabowa , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
CJSB - FM is an adult contemporary and country formatted broadcast radio station licensed to and serving Swan River , Manitoba , Canada .
Jarczówek ( jarˈt͡ʂuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stanin , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Chiddingfold is a village and civil parish in the Weald in the Waverley district of Surrey , England .
Senec District ( okres Senec ) is a district in the Bratislava Region of western Slovakia .
Waterloo Hill or Warerloo Road Hill(Chinese : 窩打老道山 ) is a hill in the centre of the Ho Man Tin in Hong Kong .
The Rabenklippe is located in the Harz mountains of Germany , southeast of Bad Harzburg , above the Ecker valley , a few hundred metres away from the border between Lower Saxony and Saxony - Anhalt .
Cochran Farm , 2900 Ohio 129 , Millville , was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 .
Tornio ( official name : Tornion kaupunki ; in Northern Sami : Duortnus ; in Swedish : Torneå ) is a city and municipality in Lapland , Finland .
Grudź ( ɡrut͡ɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Mysłowska , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Pine Bush High School is the central high school for the Pine Bush Central School District , located on Route 302 in the hamlet of Pine Bush , New York , United States .
Reitz Memorial High School or simply Memorial High School ( MHS ) , is an inter - parochial Catholic High School on the east side Evansville , Indiana .
Dina Nagar is the 3rd largest town and a municipal council in Gurdaspur district in the state of Punjab , India .
Ma Wan Channel ( Chinese : 馬灣海峽 ) is a channel between Ma Wan and Tsing Yi Island in Hong Kong .
Lee 's Creek Covered Bridge is a historic wooden bridge on Lee 's Creek Road 0.1 miles ( 0.16 km ) south of Kentucky Route 8 near Dover , Kentucky .
Srezovac ( Serbian : Срезовац ) is a village in the municipality of Aleksinac , Serbia .
Llanallgo is a village on the coast of the island of Anglesey .
Kinawley or Kinawly ( from Irish : Cill Náile , meaning `` Náile 's church '' ) is a small village , townland ( of 187 acres ) and civil parish in County Fermanagh , Northern Ireland .
Drygały ( drɨˈɡawɨ ) ( German Drygallen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Barnegat Branch Trail is a rail trail in New Jersey .
Do Rudkhaneh ( Persian : دورودخانه‎ , also Romanized as Do Rūdkhāneh ) is a village in Amjaz Rural District , in the Central District of Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kalateh - ye Hajji Azim ( Persian : كلاته حاجي عظيم‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Ḩājjī `` Az̧īm ) is a village in Balaband Rural District , in the Central District of Fariman County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 21 , in 5 families .
The Miller Town Hall is a two - story brick building in the Miller Beach community in Gary , Indiana , in the United States .
Casacalenda ( Molisan dialect Casacalenna ; Calena ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Campobasso in the Italian region Molise , located about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) northeast of Campobasso .
Posey Creek Station of the Butterfield Overland Mail 1st Division was located on Posey or Poso Creek , in the southeastern San Joaquin Valley , in present day Kern County , California .
Thornloe is a village in the Canadian province of Ontario , located in the Timiskaming District .
Talula 's Table is a small gourmet market and restaurant in Kennett Square , Pennsylvania .
Dąbrowa - Las ( dɔmˈbrɔva ˈlas ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Policzna , within Zwoleń County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Melvin School is a former homestead located at 4950 S. Laredo St. in Aurora , Colorado .
Dolinczany ( dɔlinˈt͡ʂanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsk , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Allawada is a village and panchayat falling with the limits of Ranga Reddy district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Sydney Gardens ( originally known as Bath Vauxhall Gardens ) is a public open space at the end of Great Pulteney Street in Bath , Somerset , England .
Kniewo ( ˈkɲevɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wejherowo , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Rancho Cañada de Guadalupe la Visitación y Rodeo Viejo ( also called Ridley 's Rancho ) was a 6,416-acre ( 25.96 km2 ) Mexican land grant in present - day San Mateo County , California and San Francisco County , California given in 1841 by Governor Juan Alvarado to Jacob P. Leese .
Kaskan ( Persian : كسكن‎ ) is a village in Qasabeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Tireh - ye Kheyrabad ( Persian : تيره خيراباد‎ , also Romanized as Tīreh - ye Kheyrābād ) is a village in Bazman Rural District , Bazman District , Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Lake Stevens School District refers to the school district of Lake Stevens , Washington , USA .
Obromino ( ɔbrɔˈminɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pyrzyce , within Pyrzyce County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Harlem Plantation House is located on Louisiana Highway 39 between Davant and Phoenix , Plaquemines Parish , Louisiana , on the east bank of the Mississippi River from Pointe à la Hache , Louisiana .
The Detroit Public Safety Headquarters located at 1301 Third Street in Detroit , Michigan is a law enforcement and fire department complex which houses the headquarters for the Detroit Police Department , Detroit Fire Department , Detroit Emergency Medical Service as well as a forensics laboratory for the Michigan State Police .
Ovalle is the capital of the Limarí Province .
The House at 132 Baltic Circle is a historic home in the Davis Islands neighborhood of Tampa , Florida , United States .
Varmiyeh ( Persian : ورميه‎ , also Romanized as Varmīyeh ; also known as Varmīneh and Vīrmeh ) is a village in Masal Rural District , in the Central District of Masal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Tousley - Church House is located on North Main Street ( New York State Route 98 ) in Albion , New York , United States .
Saint - Mammès is a commune in the Seine - et - Marne department in the Île - de - France region in north - central France , in the metropolitan area of Paris .
Croissanville ( Fr . croissan(t ) crescent + -ville ) is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse - Normandie region in northwestern France .
Derolovi ( Serbian Cyrillic : Деролови ) is a village in the municipality of Foča , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Halak Dar Khadarham ( Persian : هلاك درخدارحم‎ , also Romanized as Halāḵ Dar Khadārḥam ) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Zaryń ( ˈzarɨɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Academy of the Holy Angels is an all - female Roman Catholic college preparatory high school located in Demarest , Bergen County , New Jersey , United States , serving students in ninth through twelfth grade .
São Patrício is a municipality in the northwestern portion of the Brazilian state of Goiás .
Przemęczanki ( pʂɛmɛnˈt͡ʂaŋki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziemice , within Proszowice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Evermay , also known as the Samuel Davidson House , is an historic house , located at 1623 28th Street , Northwest , Washington , D.C. , in the Georgetown neighborhood .
The Clermont State Historic Site , also known as the Clermont estate , the Clermont Manor or just Clermont , is a New York State Historic Site in southwestern Columbia County , New York , USA .
Majdan Lipowiecki ( ˈmai̯dan lʲipɔˈvʲɛt͡skʲi ) ( Ukrainian : Майдан Липовецький , Maidan Lypovets’kyi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielkie Oczy , within Lubaczów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
The Rubicon Hydroelectric Scheme is a small run - of - the - river hydroelectric scheme located on the Rubicon and Royston Rivers , north east of Melbourne , 40 km ( 25 mi ) south - west of Alexandra , Victoria , Australia .
Gondow Bazar ( Persian : گندوبازار‎ , also Romanized as Gondow Bāzār and Gandū Bāzār ; also known as Gandū and Gondow ) is a village in Polan Rural District , Polan District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Rakite ( Serbian : Раките ) is a village in the municipality of Pale , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Sze Fong Shan ( Chinese : 四方山 ) , located in the New Territories , is the fourth highest peak in Hong Kong .
Leverett Circle is an intersection in Boston , Massachusetts .
Tornaľa ( Slovak : Šafárikovo from 1948 - -1992 ; Hungarian : Tornalja ) is a town and municipality in Revúca District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia , with a population of almost 8,000 .
Whitney M. Young Gifted & Talented Leadership Academy ( also known as Whitney Young Gifted Education Campus , Whitney Young High School or Whitney Young School ) is a selective - enrollment public school in Cleveland , in the U.S. state of Ohio , notable as the city 's first public gifted and talented school ..
The Devonian Scherr Formation is a mapped bedrock unit in Pennsylvania , Maryland , Virginia and West Virginia .
Rocky Reach Dam is a hydroelectric dam in the U.S. state of Washington owned and operated by Chelan County Public Utility District .
Kariyan or Karian is village and a panchayat in Samastipur district in the Indian state of Bihar .
The origin of the Rein da Maighels is the Maghels Glacier ( Romansh : Glatscher da Maighels ) on the Piz Ravetsch near the point where the cantons of Graubünden , Ticino and Uri meet .
Tavaleh ( Persian : طواله‎ , also Romanized as Ţavāleh ) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District , in the Central District of Famenin County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The La Crosse Queen is the name of seven different sightseeing and excursion boats that have operated out of La Crosse , Wisconsin 's Riverside Park .
KQQX ( 93.3 FM ) is a commercial radio station in Hermann , Missouri , broadcasting to the western suburbs of the Saint Louis , Missouri , area .
Hileh Sara ( Persian : حيله سرا‎ , also Romanized as Ḩīleh Sarā ; also known as Heleh Sarāy and Heleh Sarā - ye Lemīr ) is a village in Chubar Rural District , Haviq District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Dildine Island is an island in the Delaware River in Warren County , New Jersey , near the county 's border with Northampton County , Pennsylvania .
Gowmazi Saleh ( Persian : گومازي صالح‎ , also Romanized as Gowmāzī Şāleḩ ; also known as Gūmāzī ) is a village in Kambel - e Soleyman Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Walsoken is a village and a civil parish straddling the border of the English counties of Norfolk and Cambridgeshire .
The Slippery Noodle Inn is a large blues bar and restaurant with two performance stages in downtown Indianapolis , Indiana .
Nargesk ( Persian : نرگسك‎ ) is a village in Momenabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Białowola ( bjawɔˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zamość , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Witówka ( viˈtufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raczki , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Mathews - Powell House is a Victorian house located in Queen City , Texas , United States .
Barnoldswick ( colloquially known as Barlick ) is a town and civil parish in Lancashire , England .
Guzów - Kolonia ( ˈɡuzuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orońsko , within Szydłowiec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Coxsackie Correctional Facility is a maximum security prison in New York in the USA .
The Johnstown Flood Museum is a history museum located in Johnstown , Pennsylvania .
Between the Hills is a small valley in northwest Loudoun County , Virginia , distinct from , but associated with the greater Loudoun Valley .
Lake Oroville State Recreation Area ( LOSRA ) is a state park unit of California , United States , surrounding Lake Oroville , a reservoir on the Feather River .
Licensed to Evanston , Wyoming , USA , the station is currently owned by Western Inspirational Broadcasters , Inc. KPMD broadcasts from Medicine Butte , northeast of Evanston .
Dongkou County ( simplified Chinese : 洞口县 ; traditional Chinese : 洞口縣 ; pinyin : Dòngkǒu Xiàn ) is under the administration of Shaoyang , Hunan province , China .
The Cowpasture River is a chief tributary of the James River in western Virginia in the United States .
Beitstad Church ( Norwegian : Beitstad kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Steinkjer in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Summit Point Motorsports Park is a road racing and driver training facility located in Jefferson County , West Virginia about two hours west of Washington , D.C. in the state 's Eastern Panhandle .
Berkeh Khuni ( Persian : بركه خوني‎ , also Romanized as Berkeh Khūnī ) is a village in Ij Rural District , in the Central District of Estahban County , Fars Province , Iran .
Seyd - e Nar ( Persian : صيدنر‎‎ , also Romanized as Şeyd - e Nar ) is a village in Gerit Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Sargans was an independent county from the 11th century until 1798 , when it was incorporated in the Canton of Linth of the Helvetic Republic , and eventually in the Canton of St. Gallen in 1803 .
Zakrzew - Czekaj ( ˈzakʂɛf ˈt͡ʂɛkai̯ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kodrąb , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Horreyn ( Persian : حرين‎ , also Romanized as Ḩorreyn and Ḩoreyn ) is a village in Horr Rural District , Dinavar District , Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Gat - e Kash ( Persian : گتكش‎ ; also known as Gatehkash and Kateh Kash ) is a village in Zanus Rastaq Rural District , Kojur District , Nowshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Virgin Valley is a valley in northwest Arizona and southeast Nevada on the Virgin River .
The Olema Lime Kilns at Point Reyes National Seashore in California were built in 1850 on land leased from Mexican grantee Rafael Garcia by James A. Shorb and William F. Mercer , two San Francisco entrepreneurs .
The Ernest Cognacq Museum ( French : Musée Ernest Cognacq ) is a French regional history museum , located in the city of Saint Martin de Ré , Île de Ré , France .
Qarah Aqach ( Persian : قره اقاچ‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Āqāch ; also known as Qareh Āghāj ) is a village in Qara Bashlu Rural District , Chapeshlu District , Dargaz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Labid - e Sofla ( Persian : لابيدسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Lābīd - e Soflá ) is a village in Sarcheshmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Skirlaugh is a village and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire , England , in an area known as Holderness .
Glencraig is a very small former mining village in Scotland , situated in the Benarty area of Fife , between Crosshill and Lochgelly .
The Post Hill Historic District encompasses the oldest settled area of New London , Connecticut .
The Emmanuel Church at Brook Hill , in the historic community of Brook Hill in Henrico County , Virginia , is a historic church .
Pimpalgaon Raja is gram panchayat located in tahsil Khamgaon of Buldhana district of Maharashtra situated on bank of River Dnyanganga .
Cicuco ( Spanish pronunciation : ( siˈkuko ) ) is a town and municipality located in the Bolívar Department , northern Colombia .
Wolfe 's Neck Woods State Park is a publicly owned recreation area located on Casco Bay on the southeastern side of Freeport , Maine .
Hardendale is a hamlet in the parish of Shap Rural in the Eden District , in the English county of Cumbria , England , near Shap and junction 39 of the M6 motorway .
Bjølstad is a hamlet in the municipality of Sel , Norway , located in the former municipality Heidal .
Pinnacle State Park and Golf Course is located in Steuben County , New York in the USA .
WTJV ( 1490 AM ) is a radio station licensed to DeLand , Florida and serving the Daytona Beach area .
Hoseynabad - e Amini ( Persian : حسين اباداميني‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Amīnī , Hosein Abad Amini , and Ḩoseynābād Amīnī ; also known as Ḩoseynābād , Husainābād , and Gusainabad ) is a village in Dashtabi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Dashtabi District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
WFBO - LP ( 97.7 FM , `` Oldies 97.7 The Blizzard '' ) was a low - power FM radio station in Flagler County , Florida , with their last studio location at 819 North A1A Suite B in Flagler Beach , Florida .
The Sipsey Wilderness lies within Bankhead National Forest around the Sipsey Fork of the Black Warrior River in northwestern Alabama , USA .
Midway University is an independent , liberal arts university with approximately 1,800 students located in Midway , Kentucky .
Fort William Stadium is a soccer , football , and track and field stadium in Thunder Bay , Ontario And is part of the Royal Canadian Legion Sports Complex .
The Maywood Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre - Kindergarten through eighth grade from the Borough of Maywood , in Bergen County , New Jersey , United States .
James Madison Middle School located in the Franklin - Colonial neighborhood of Roanoke , Virginia , USA , is situated on a large hill with a view of the Blue Ridge Mountains .
WEGB ( 90.7 FM , `` Faith FM '' ) is a radio station licensed to Napeague , New York and serves eastern Long Island .
Fort Granville was a militia stockade located in the colonial Province of Pennsylvania .
UWC Atlantic College ( also known as the United World College of the Atlantic or Atlantic College and often abbreviated to either UWCAC or AC by its students and staff ) , is an international IB Diploma Programme independent ( private ) residential Sixth Form College in the Vale of Glamorgan in south Wales .
The Borough of Queenscliffe is a local government area in the Barwon South West region of Victoria , Australia , located in the southern part of the state .
Sonoraville High School is a high school located outside of Calhoun , Georgia , in the unincorporated community of Sonoraville .
Mundiwindi is a ghost town in the Pilbara region of Western Australia .
San Bernardino in Panisperna or Panispermia or San Bernardino ai Monti or San Bernardino da Siena ai Monti is a small Roman Catholic church in Rome .
Freathy is a beach and coastal settlement on the Rame Peninsula in east Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Lakewood Towne Center is a shopping center located in Lakewood , Washington , a suburb of Tacoma .
Westerdale is a village , civil parish and dale within the Scarborough district of North Yorkshire , England .
Saint Paul 's Episcopal Chapel is a historic Episcopal church building in Mobile , Alabama , United States .
Wheelton is a village and civil parish of the Borough of Chorley , in Lancashire , England .
Cherry Island Range Rear Light is a lighthouse in Wilmington , Delaware , United States , on the Delaware River , just north of the Christina River , Delaware .
Simaluguri ( IPA : ˌʃɪmɑːlʊˈgʊərɪ or ˌsɪmɑːlʊˈgʊərɪ ) is a town area in Sivasagar district in the state of Assam , India . The biggest railway station of Sivasagar lie in Simalguri .
The Musée des Augustins de Toulouse is a fine arts museum in Toulouse , France which conserves a collection of sculpture and paintings from the Middle Ages to the early 20th century .
The Cutler Hall is a Gothic library building on the Colorado College campus in Colorado Springs , Colorado .
Tall - e Hajj Now Shad ( Persian : تل حاج نوشاد‎ , also Romanized as Tall - e Ḩājj Now Shād ) is a village in Anarestan Rural District , Riz District , Jam County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Andermatt ( Romansh : Ursera ) is a mountain village and municipality in the canton of Uri in Switzerland at 1437 m a.s.l ..
The ESB Business School ( formerly ESB Reutlingen ) is Reutlingen University 's business school founded in 1979 and based in Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Dehkadeh - ye Taleqani ( Persian : دهكده طالقاني‎ , also Romanized as Dehkadeh - ye Ţāleqānī ) is a village in Ramjin Rural District , Chaharbagh District , Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Groton School is a private Episcopal college preparatory boarding school located in Groton , Massachusetts , United States .
Terengganu ( Malay pronunciation : ( tərəŋganu ) ; Jawi:ترڠڬانو ) formerly spelled Trengganu or Tringganu is a sultanate and constitutive state of federal Malaysia .
Vasantrao Naik Marathwada Agricultural University is an agricultural university at Parbhani in the Indian state of Maharashtra .
Tulalip Resort Casino is an Indian casino and resort in Quil Ceda Village , Washington , owned and operated by the Tulalip Tribes of Washington .
Qeshlaq - e Hammam Darreh ( Persian : قشلاق حمامدره‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Ḩammām Darreh ; also known as Ḩammām Darreh ) is a village in Sahneh Rural District , in the Central District of Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Lima Mountain is a 2238 foot summit in Cook County , Minnesota .
Thandwe District ( Burmese : သံတွဲခရိုင် ) is a district of the Rakhine State in western Myanmar .
Dover - Eyota High School is a Public high school located in Eyota , Minnesota .
It forms part of the municipality of Seelisberg , to the centre of which it is linked by the Treib--
The Humboldt County Historical Society ( HCHS ) is a regional historical society , primarily focused on the history of Humboldt County , California .
Llanstadwell is a small village , parish and community in south Pembrokeshire , Wales , on the north bank of the River Cleddau between Milford Haven and Neyland .
Frontier Homestead State Park Museum is state park and museum of Utah , USA , located in Cedar City .
The Newcastle Inner City Bypass is a road in Newcastle and Lake Macquarie New South Wales , Australia .
Mayford is a village in Woking borough of the county of Surrey , England .
Bala Valik ( Persian : بالاوليك‎ , also Romanized as Bālā Valīk ) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Gharbi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Chah Sutak ( Persian : چاه سوتك‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Sūtak ) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District , in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Catamount Trail is a long - distance , Nordic ski trail that spans the length of Vermont , extending more than 300 miles ( 480 km ) from the border with Massachusetts at Readsboro , Vermont to the Canadian border at North Troy , Vermont .
Kocięcin - Brodowy ( kɔˈt͡ɕent͡ɕin brɔˈdɔvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Makoshika Dinosaur Museum was a regional museum located in Glendive , eastern Montana , USA .
After the handover of Taiwan to China from Japan in October 1945 , Keelung was established as a provincial city of Taiwan Province .
Bonabeh - ye Maraq ( Persian : بنابه مرق‎ , also Romanized as Bonābeh - e Maraq ) is a village in Babaafzal Rural District , Barzok District , Kashan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
San Andrés de Agues ( variants : Agüés ; Agüis ; San Andrés d'Agues ) is one of three parishes ( administrative divisions ) in Sobrescobio , a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias , in northern Spain .
Vieux - Habitants ( French for Old Inhabitants ) is a commune on Guadeloupe , a French overseas department in the Caribbean .
The W. J. Beal Botanical Garden is a 5-acre ( 2.0 ha ) botanical garden located on the campus of Michigan State University in East Lansing , Michigan , USA .
The Estella Mine is a former mine site situated near Wasa , British Columbia at an elevation of 6,000 feet ( 1,800 m ) on Tracy Creek .
The ruins of Linlithgow Palace are situated in the town of Linlithgow , West Lothian , Scotland , 15 miles ( 24 km ) west of Edinburgh .
Falniów ( ˈfalɲuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miechów , within Miechów County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Darvar - e Fartaq ( Persian : دروارفارتق‎ , also Romanized as Darvār - e Fārtaq ; also known as Darvār ) is a village in Bahmayi - ye Sarhadi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Dishmok District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
( Danish ) Kolding Stadion from stadions.dk ( Danish ) Photos , also from stadions.dk ( Danish ) Further photos of the stadium from Kolding FC 's fanclub - homepage ( Danish ) Kolding Idræts Forening in the Kolding Leksikon at Kolding Municipality 's homepage
The Dreibelbis Station Bridge is a 172-foot - long ( 52 m ) Burr arch truss covered bridge spanning Maiden Creek south of Lenhartsville , Pennsylvania .
Neixiang County is a county of Nanyang , Henan , China , has an area of 2,465 square kilometers and a population of 610,000 as of 2002 .
Little Somerford is a village and civil parish in Wiltshire , England , 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) southeast of Malmesbury and 7.5 miles ( 12.1 km ) northeast of Chippenham .
CHPD - FM ( also called De Brigj ) is a low - power Mennonite community radio station broadcasting at 105.9 FM in Aylmer , Ontario , Canada .
Bartążek ( barˈtɔ̃ʐɛk ) ( German : Klein Bertung ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stawiguda , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Indian Cove is a small one - street community just off Route 340 on New World Island in Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
The Abrolhos Marine National Park ( Portuguese : Parque Nacional Marinho dos Abrolhos ) was established in 1983 , in the Abrolhos Archipelago , situated about 60 km south - east of the city of Caravelas in the Brazilian state of Bahia .
The Empress State Building is a skyscraper on the West Brompton / Earl 's Court border in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham .
Traralgon College , is a public high school located in Traralgon , Gippsland , Victoria , Australia .
KLTH ( 106.7 FM , `` The Eagle '' ) is a classic hits formatted radio station located in the Portland , Oregon , area and broadcasts at 106.7 FM .
The Ute Mountain Fire Tower is in Ashley National Forest , southwest of Manila , Utah .
Lower Chicksgrove is a hamlet on the north bank of the River Nadder in the south of the county of Wiltshire , England .
Eskimo Joe 's is a restaurant and bar located at 501 W. Elm in Stillwater , Oklahoma .
The Katz and Leavitt Apartment House is an historic apartment house at 53 Elm Street in Worcester , Massachusetts .
The Hunts Point Cooperative Market , a wholesale food market located on 60 acres ( 24 ha ) in Hunts Point , in the Bronx , New York City , is the largest food distribution center of its kind in the world .
Sainte - Famille Church ( Holy Family Church ) is a Catholic church in Kiyovu , downtown Kigali , in Rwanda .
The highest point of the island is 1884 m. Traill Island is a part of the Northeast Greenland National Park .
Lake of the Seven Winds ( also listed as Seven Winds of the Lake ) is located in Glacier National Park , in the U. S. state of Montana .
Ab Malek ( Persian : اب ملك‎ , also Romanized as Āb Maleḵ ) is a village in Jastun Shah Rural District , Hati District , Lali County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
HM Prison Isis is a Category C male Young Offenders Institution , located in the Thamesmead area of the Royal Borough of Greenwich , in south - east London , England .
Ostrowin ( ɔsˈtrɔvin ) ( German : Osterwein ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Bidan - e Panj ( Persian : بيدان پنج‎ , also Romanized as Bīdān - e Panj ) is a village in Sabzdasht Rural District , in the Central District of Bafq County , Yazd Province , Iran .
The Fraser Lowland is a landform and physiographic region of the Pacific Northwest , in the Canadian province of British Columbia and the U.S. state of Washington .
Padena District ( Persian : بخش پادنا‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Semirom County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Dasht - e Gol ( Persian : دشت گل‎ , also Romanized as Dasht Gol ) is a village in Rud Zard Rural District , in the Central District of Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Skatepark of Tampa is a skatepark in Tampa , Florida , USA .
Holton cum Beckering is a small village and civil parish in West Lindsey , Lincolnshire , England .
The Costen House is a historic U.S. home located at 206 Market Street , Pocomoke City , Maryland , United States .
The Sugar Bowl Casino is a planned 2,000 slot gambling hall in North Richmond , California .
The Chaluka Site is a prehistoric archaeological site and National Historic Landmark in Nikolski , Alaska , on Umnak Island in the Aleutian Islands of southwestern Alaska .
Washoe Lake State Park is a state park of Nevada , USA , on Washoe Lake .
Beerwah State High School , often abbreviated to Beerwah High School , Beerwah High or simply BSHS , is a government - owned secondary school located in Beerwah , Queensland , Australia .
Nova Iguaçu ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈnɔvɐ iɡwɐˈsu ) , locally : ( ˈnɔv iɣwəˈsu ) or ( ˈnɔvə jɣwəˈsu ) , New Iguaçu ) is a municipality in Rio de Janeiro state in Brazil .
Sięganów ( ɕeŋˈɡanuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łask , within Łask County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Carver Vocational - Technical High School is a public vocational - technical high school located in the Baltimore , Maryland .
The Centre William Rappard at Rue de Lausanne 154 , Geneva , Switzerland , was built between 1923 and 1926 to house the International Labour Office ( ILO ) .
Harford Sports Complex , formerly Thomas Run Park , is a multi - purpose sports park in Bel Air , Harford County , Maryland , utilized by Harford Community College .
Trawsfynydd ( Welsh pronunciation : ( trausˈvənɨ̞ð ) ; Welsh for `` across ( the ) mountain '' ) is a village in Gwynedd , Wales , adjacent to the A470 north of Bronaber and Dolgellau near Blaenau Ffestiniog .
Patkestan ( Persian : پتكستان‎ , also Romanized as Patkestān ) is a village in Zarrin Rural District , Kharanaq District , Ardakan County , Yazd Province , Iran .
The Mount St. Joseph University , formerly College of Mount St. Joseph , is a private , Catholic , co - educational college located at Mount Saint Joseph , an unincorporated community near Cincinnati , Ohio , USA .
Ford Dam , officially known as Lock and Dam No . 1 is on the Upper Mississippi River and is located between Minneapolis and Saint Paul , Minnesota just north of the confluence of the Mississippi with the Minnesota River at Mississippi River mile 847.9 , in Minneapolis .
Connetquot River State Park Preserve is a 3,473-acre ( 14.05 km2 ) state park and conservation area in the Town of Islip in Suffolk County , New York in the USA .
The Walker School , formerly known as the Joseph T. Walker School , is a private school in Marietta , Georgia , on Cobb Parkway ( U.S. 41 ) in what was originally Sprayberry High School .
Kamchah ( Persian : كم چاه‎ , also Romanized as Kamchāh ) is a village in Kahshang Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Sredets Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Средец , Obshtina Sredets ) is a municipality in Burgas Province , Bulgaria .
Qus ( Arabic : قوص , derived from Ancient Egyptian Gesa or Gesy‎ ) is a city in the modern Qena Governorate , Egypt , located on the east bank of the Nile .
Sennett Federated Church and Parsonage is a historic church formed in 1929 from the combining of Baptist and Congregational churches located in the hamlet of Sennett , in the town of Sennett in Cayuga County , New York .
Okanagan Landing was an unincorporated settlement and steamboat port at the north end of Okanagan Lake in the Southern Interior of British Columbia .
The Basilica of the Holy Blood ( Dutch : Heilig - Bloedbasiliek , French : Basilique du Saint - Sang ) is a Roman Catholic minor basilica in Bruges , Belgium .
Minaçu is a municipality in the north of the state of Goiás , Brazil .
The Pennsylvania Railroad Depot and Baggage Room is a historic railway station located at 400 Center St. in Dennison , Ohio .
Baghcheh Jik ( Persian : باغچه جيك‎ , also Romanized as Bāghcheh Jīk and Bāghchehjīk ) is a village in Zulachay Rural District , in the Central District of Salmas County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Watts River is a perennial river of the Port Phillip and Western Port catchment , located in the Central Victoria region of the Australian state of Victoria .
Douré , Boulgou is a village in the Bané Department of Boulgou Province in south - eastern Burkina Faso .
Tarchalin ( tarˈxalin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bojanowo , within Rawicz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Hilliard Airpark ( FAA LID : 01J ) is a public - use airport located 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) east of the central business district of the town of Hilliard in Nassau County , Florida , United States .
Darzin - e Do ( Persian : دارزين2‎ , also Romanized as Dārzīn - e Do ; also known as Dārzeīn , Dārzīn , Drazīn , and Mehdīābād - e Dārzīn ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bam County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Stralsund ( German pronunciation : ( ˈʃtʁaːlzʊnt ) ) , is a Hanseatic town in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
The Lenne Mountains ( German : Lennegebirge ) , or Lenne Uplands ( Lennebergland ) , is a range of hills up to 656 m above sea level ( NN ) high in the German state of North Rhine - Westphalia .
Dumbarton Castle ( Scottish Gaelic : Dùn Breatainn , pronounced ( d̪̊unˈb̊ɾʲɛhd̪̊ɪɲ ) ) has the longest recorded history of any stronghold in Scotland .
Charlagudipadu is a village in Gurazala mandal , located in Guntur district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
James W. Miller Auditorium is a performance venue at Western Michigan University in Kalamazoo , Michigan , USA .
Llanfihangel Penbedw is a parish in the former Hundred of Kilgerran in northeast Pembrokeshire , Wales .
Dio vi salvi Regina is a religious song in the culture of Corsica .
Chlebczyn ( ˈxlɛpt͡ʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sarnaki , within Łosice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Korcheva ( Russian : Корчева́ ) was a town in central Russia , on the territory of the modern Konakovsky District , Tver Oblast , on the Volga River , with a population of a few thousand people .
South Cadbury is a village and civil parish in the South Somerset council area of the English county of Somerset .
Kohneh Qeshlaq ( Persian : كهنه قشلاق‎ , also Romanized as Kohneh Qeshlāq ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Sharqi Rural District , Shadian District , Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Krępki ( ˈkrɛmpki ) ( German : Krampken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubichowo , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Sam Houston Race Park is a horse racing track located in unincorporated northwest Houston , Texas , United States .
Chang Nuea ( Thai : จางเหนือ ) is a village and tambon ( sub - district ) of Mae Mo District , in Lampang Province , Thailand . In 2005 it had a total population of 5,336 .
The Glebe of Shelburne Parish is a house built as a glebe in rural Loudoun County , Virginia around 1775 to attract a cleric to preach in the Shelburne Parish of the Anglican Church .
Six Flags Magic Mountain is a 262-acre ( 1.06 km2 ) theme park located in the Valencia neighborhood of Santa Clarita , California , north of Los Angeles .
Penn State Lehigh Valley is a commonwealth campus of Pennsylvania State University .
The Queen of the Holy Rosary Memorial Shrine is a Catholic church in the Diocese of Peoria It is located at 529 Fourth Street in La Salle , Illinois and is dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary in memory of all living and deceased military veterans who have served in the United States Armed Forces .
Pahnedar ( Persian : پهندر‎ , also Romanized as Pahn Dar ) is a village in Farim Rural District , Dodangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Mannangadu , also called Mannankadu , is one of the 36 villages falls under the Musugundan Nadu in Tamil Nadu State , Thanjavur District , India .
Gaggi ( Sicilian : Caggi ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region of Sicily , located about 160 kilometres ( 99 mi ) east of Palermo and about 45 kilometres ( 28 mi ) southwest of Messina .
Inulec ( iˈnulɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki , within Mrągowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Judson University is an evangelical Christian liberal arts university located in Elgin , Illinois , United States .
Chapcha Gewog ( Dzongkha : སྐྱབས་ཆ་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Chukha District , Bhutan .
Oleksze ( ɔˈlɛkʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orla , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Heitersberg Pass aka `` The Dabiah Passage '' ( el . 657 m. ) is a mountain pass in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Gawerków ( ɡaˈvɛrkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelechlinek , within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Sobrato Office Tower is a 17-story , class - A office building at 488 Almaden Boulevard in San Jose , California .
Kahriz - e Sorkh ( Persian : كهريزسرخ‎ , also Romanized as Kahrīz - e Sorkh and Kahrīz Sorkh ) is a village in Borborud - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Muro de Aguas is a small municipality ( pop . 61 ( 2007 ) ) in the southern part of La Rioja , Spain , near Arnedo .
Shekaft ( Persian : شكفت‎ ; also known as Seguft and Seqaft ) is a village in Kuh Mareh Sorkhi Rural District , Arzhan District , Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Treverva is a small village in the west of the civil parish of Budock and at the southern end of the Argal Reservoir in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Dagon Township ( Burmese : ဒဂုံ မြို့နယ် ( dəɡòʊɴ mjo̰nɛ̀ ) ) is located immediately north of downtown Yangon .
Niwnice ( nivˈnit͡sɛ ) ( German : Neuland ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lwówek Śląski , within Lwówek Śląski County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Sang - e Sefid - e Nanaj ( Persian : سنگ سفيدننج‎ , also Romanized as Sang - e Sefīd - e Nanaj ; also known as Sangsefīd ) is a village in Jowkar Rural District , Jowkar District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Ługi - Radły ( ˈwuɡi ˈradwɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przystajń , within Kłobuck County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Port Weller Drydocks was a shipbuilder located on the Welland Canal at the Lake Ontario entrance .
Gierałtowiec ( ɡʲɛrau̯ˈtɔvjɛt͡s ) ( German : Giersdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotoryja , within Złotoryja County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Andergan ( Persian : اندرگان‎ , also Romanized as Andargān and Āndergān ; also known as Andarbān , Anderjāf , Anderyān , Ānderyān , Andīrjān , and Andyrdzhan ) is a village in Arzil Rural District , Kharvana District , Varzaqan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Grand Avenue Historic District is located in the northern part of Fort Worth , Texas .
Sennori ( Sardinian : Sènnaru ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 180 kilometres ( 110 mi ) north of Cagliari and about 7 kilometres ( 4 mi ) northeast of Sassari .
Qasemabad - e Bozorg ( Persian : قاسم آبادبزرگ‎ , also Romanized as Qāsemābād - e Bozorg ) is a village in Saidabad Rural District , in the Central District of Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Koh Sotin District ( Khmer : ស្រុកកោះសុទិន ) is a district ( srok ) located in Kampong Cham Province , Cambodia .
The Cambridge Street Firehouse is a historic fire station at 534 Cambridge Street in Worcester , Massachusetts .
Polinyà de Xúquer ( Valencian pronunciation : ( poliˈɲa ðe ˈ(t)ʃukeɾ ) , Spanish : Poliñá de Júcar ) is a municipality in the comarca of Ribera Baixa in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Atlanta State Park is a state park in northeast Texas in the United States .
93 Mile House ( officially 93 Mile ) is an unincorporated community in 100 Mile House ( outside edge of ) the South Cariboo region of British Columbia .
Jamalapuram is a small village located near to Yerrupalem , a town in the Khammam district of Telangana , India .
Eilean Chaluim Chille is protected by Historic Scotland as an ancient monument .
Robinson State Park is a state - owned , public recreation area located mostly in the town of Agawam with a small section in Westfield , Massachusetts .
Bronte Lagoon is a lake that was created by Hydro Tasmania in the 1950s along with Bradys Lake , Lake Binney and Tungatinah Lagoon as water storages for the Tungatinah Power Station on the Nive River .
Eshkanan District ( Persian : بخش اشکنان‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran .
Terrell County Airport ( FAA LID : 6R6 ) is a county owned , public use airport in Terrell County , Texas , United States .
Hori , Zahedan ( Persian : حری ‎ ) is a village in Ladiz Rural District , in the Central District of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Dar Boland - e Ajam ( Persian : داربلنداجم‎ , also Romanized as Dār Boland - e Ājam ; also known as Dār Boland ) is a village in Ajam Rural District , Dishmok District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Norman Levy Park and Preserve is a man - made park on the South Shore of Long Island in Merrick , New York .
Zaporozhskoye ( Russian : Запоро́жское ; Finnish : Metsäpirtti ) is a settlement on Karelian Isthmus , in Priozersky District of Leningrad Oblast .
McCarter Theatre is a not - for - profit , professional company on the campus of Princeton University in Princeton , New Jersey .
Sowt Gavaber ( Persian : سوتگوابر‎ , also Romanized as Sowt Gavāber and Sootgavaber ; also known as Sowt Kavāber and Sudgazer ) is a village in Tutaki Rural District , in the Central District of Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Garizat Rural District ( Persian : دهستان گاريزات‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Nir District , Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Agwanpur is a village panchayat in Barh subdivision in Patna district of Bihar , India .
Kelly Field Annex ( formerly Kelly Air Force Base ) ( IATA : SKF , ICAO : KSKF , FAA LID : SKF ) is a United States Air Force facility located in San Antonio , Texas .
The northern part forms the border between the German states of Rhineland - Palatinate in the West on the one hand , and Baden - Württemberg and Hesse on the other hand , in the east and north .
Belengi ( Persian : بلنگي‎ , also Romanized as Belengī ; also known as Bīlīngī ) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Banuband ( Persian : بنوبند‎ , also Romanized as Banūband , Banooband , Banū Band , Benū Band , and Bonūband ) is a village in Tazian Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Celerina / Schlarigna ( German / Italian Celerina ; Romansh Schlarigna ) is a municipality in the district of Maloja in the Swiss canton of Graubünden .
Kewalo Basin is a commercial boat harbor that serves as home to some of Honolulu 's commercial fishing fleet , and charter and excursion vessels that serve the Hawaii tourist market .
Neycharan ( Persian : نيچران‎ , also Romanized as Neycharān and Naycharān ; also known as Letiaran , Letīyārān , and Letyaran ) is a village in Mavazekhan - e Shomali Rural District , Khvajeh District , Heris County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Pay Taf ( Persian : پاي تاف‎‎ , also Romanized as Pāy Tāf ) is a village in Keshvar Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Interlachen Country Club is a private country club in Edina , Minnesota which has hosted several national golf tournaments , including the 1930 U.S. Open ( won by Bobby Jones on his way to winning the Grand Slam ) , the 2002 Solheim Cup , and the 2008 U.S. Women 's Open .
Shib Tang ( Persian : شيب تنگ‎ , also Romanized as Shīb Tang and Shīb - e Tang ) is a village in Jereh Rural District , Jereh and Baladeh District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Krubiczew ( kruˈbit͡ʂɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leoncin , within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Tavistock is an ancient stannary and market town within West Devon , England .
Pine Mountain State Resort Park is a Kentucky state park located in Bell County , Kentucky , United States .
The Woronora River is a perennial river of the Sydney Basin , located in the Sutherland Shire local government area of Greater Metropolitan Sydney , approximately 22 kilometres ( 14 mi ) south of the Sydney central business district , in New South Wales , Australia .
Due to the amalgamation of municipalities in 2007 Hornsyld became a part of Hedensted Municipality .
Jamaica High School was a four - year public high school in Jamaica , Queens , New York .
Right Fork Canyon is a major branch of Lamoille Canyon , located in the Ruby Mountains of Elko County , in the northeastern section of the state of Nevada in the western United States .
Brochøya is an island off the north coast of Nordaustlandet , Svalbard .
Richmond Furnace Historical and Archeological District is a historic industrial district located on State , Cone Hill , and Furnace Roads in Richmond , Massachusetts .
The Ewart Building in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania was built in 1891 in the Richardsonian Romanesque style for a wholesale grocer , Samuel Ewart .
WOBM - FM ( 92.7 FM ) is an adult contemporary music formatted radio station known as `` Ocean County 's Hometown Station '' broadcasting in Central New Jersey .
Gadap Town ( Sindhi : گڏاپ ٽائون ‎ , Urdu : گڈاپ ٹاؤن ‎ ) is a town in the northwestern part of Karachi with the Hub River on its western limits also forming the provincial border between Sindh and Balochistan , while to the north and east are Dadu District and the Kirthar Mountains .
Pomeroon - Supenaam ( Region 2 ) is a region in Guyana , bordering the Atlantic Ocean to the north , the region of Essequibo Islands - West Demerara to the east , the region of Cuyuni - Mazaruni to the south and the region of Barima - Waini to the west .
Upper Bacombe and Lower Bacombe are two hamlets in the parish of Wendover , in Buckinghamshire , England .
Kliczków Wielki ( ˈklit͡ʂkuf ˈvjɛlki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The site of Florimont has been occupied since the Roman period , probably by a lookout tower charged with supervising the movement of troops on their way connecting Mandeure in Doubs to Augst and Kembs in Haut - Rhin .
The Detlev - Rohwedder - Haus ( Detlev Rohwedder House ) is a building in Berlin that at the time of its construction was the largest office building in Europe .
Płęsy ( ˈpwɛ̃sɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziemiany , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Fil Bustan ( Persian : فيل بوستان‎ , also Romanized as Fīl Būstān ) is a village in Zalaqi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Triangle North Executive Airport ( IATA : LFN , ICAO : KLHZ , FAA LID : LHZ ) is a county - owned , public - use airport in Franklin County , North Carolina , United States .
Wolfgantzen ( German : Wolfganzen ) is a commune in the Haut - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Catterlen is a small village and civil parish 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) north west of Penrith , Cumbria .
Bishop Brady High School is a small , private , Catholic co - educational school in Concord , New Hampshire ( Merrimack County ) .
Kemmerer High School is a high school in rural Kemmerer , Lincoln County , Wyoming .
Boznabad ( Persian : بزن‌آباد‎ , also Romanized as Boznābād ; also known as Būznābād ) is a village in Zohan Rural District , Zohan District , Zirkuh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Khalajlu ( Persian : خلاجلو‎ , also Romanized as Khalājlū ; also known as Khalājū and Khallājlū Daqdū ) is a village in Sivkanlu Rural District , in the Central District of Shirvan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Helebridge is a hamlet west of Marhamchurch in northeast Cornwall , England .
Jeyran Mangeh ( Persian : جيران منگه‎ , also Romanized as Jeyrān Mangeh ; also known as Jeyrān Mīngeh ) is a village in Zarrineh Rural District , Karaftu District , Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Marcia Browne Junior High School , also known as the Broadway School , is a historic school building at 295 Broadway in Malden , Massachusetts .
Ali Hemmatabad - e Tahmasabi ( Persian : علي همت ابادطهماسبي‎ , also Romanized as ʿAlī Hemmatābād - e Ţahmāsabī ; also known as ʿAlīhemmatābād ) is a village in Manj Rural District , Manj District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Fagani is small village located 2 km near Petlad in Gujarat , India .
Morfa Nefyn is a small village located on the northern coast of the Llŷn Peninsula in the Welsh county of Gwynedd .
Zalk is a village on the South bank of the river IJssel in the municipality of Kampen in the Dutch province of Overijssel .
CISQ - FM is an FM radio station owned by Rogers Communications and operating in southwestern British Columbia .
Shannon Cemetery is a historic cemetery located near Pearisburg , Giles County , Virginia .
The Ugashik Lakes are two adjacent lakes along the Ugashik River on the Alaska Peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Bardeh Sepian ( Persian : برده سپيان‎ , also Romanized as Bardeh Sepīān ; also known as Bardaspīān ) is a village in Baryaji Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Dos Bocas Lake is a lake located in the municipalities of Arecibo and Utuado on the island of Puerto Rico .
The BR-010 highway is also called as Belém - Brasília Highway or as Transbrasiliana Highway , in the stretch between the city of Estreito , in the state of Maranhão , and the city of Belém .
Oppum is a district of Krefeld , a city in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
The Horse Show Fountain , also known as the Wright - Bock Fountain , is located in the Chicago suburb of Oak Park , Illinois , United States .
The Diablo Canyon Power Plant is an electricity - generating nuclear power plant near Avila Beach in San Luis Obispo County , California .
Yankee Springs Recreation Area is a state - managed protected area located in Yankee Springs Township in Barry County , Michigan .
The Carrot River is a river in north - eastern Saskatchewan , and north - western Manitoba .
Zhaksy District ( Kazakh : Жақсы ауданы ) is a district of Akmola Region in northern Kazakhstan .
Henry Clay 's Law Office was the law office of American statesman Henry Clay in Lexington , Kentucky from 1803 to 1810 .
Markala is a commune in Mali 's Ségou Region on the Niger River 35 km down stream from the town of Ségou .
Sharafabad - e Bala ( Persian : شرف ابادبالا‎ , also Romanized as Sharafābād - e Bālā ; also known as Sharafābād ) is a village in Kakavand - e Gharbi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Sant'Anna d'Alfaedo is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Verona in the Italian region Veneto , located about 110 kilometres ( 68 mi ) west of Venice and about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) north of Verona .
The Upper Paris Bridge is an historic structure located near the town of Coggon in rural Linn County , Iowa , United States .
Nancenoy ( Cornish : Nans Noy , meaning Noah 's valley ) is a hamlet near Constantine in west Cornwall , England .
Yorktown Center is an enclosed regional shopping mall located in the village of Lombard , a suburb of Chicago , Illinois , United States .
Pich Kuh ( Persian : پيچكوه‎ , also Romanized as Pīch Kūh ; also known as Pīch Kūh - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , Rostaq District , Darab County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 25 , in 6 families .
San Tommaso in Parione is one of the two national churches of Ethiopia in Rome .
WYGR ( 1530 AM , `` GR1530 & GR94.9 '' ) is a radio station broadcasting an Urban Adult Contemporary format , licensed to Wyoming , Michigan and serving the Grand Rapids area .
Old Ottawa South is an older urban neighbourhood in Capital Ward in Ottawa , Canada .
St Fergus ( Scottish Gaelic : Peit Fhearghais ) is a village in Aberdeenshire , Scotland , formerly in the county of Banffshire .
Mompox or Mompós , officially Santa Cruz de Mompox , is a town and municipality in northern Colombia , in the Bolívar Department , which has preserved its colonial character .
Ross Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located south of Nine Mile Mountain , just east of Hazelton in the Skeena Country , comprising c. 307 ha .
The Jewish Educational Center is a fifteen - year yeshiva school located in Elizabeth , in Union County , New Jersey , United States , serving students in Pre - Kindergarten through twelfth grades .
Gari Eslamabad ( Persian : گري اسلام آباد‎ , also Romanized as Garī Eslāmābād ; also known as Eslāmābād ) is a village in Zirtang Rural District , Kunani District , Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Bandai High School is a municipal high school located at 6 - 8 - 1 Nuttari Higashi , Chuo Ward in Niigata City , Niigata Prefecture .
San Diego Miramar College ( known more informally as Miramar ) is a public , two - year community college located in San Diego , California .
Cerekvička - Rosice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈtsɛrɛkvitʃka ˈrosɪtsɛ ) ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Smarden is a civil parish and village , west of Ashford in Kent , South East England .
The Coast Range Geomorphic Province is a portion of coastal California , United States .
Kalukai ( Persian : كلوكاي‎ , also Romanized as Kalūkāī ) is a village in Surak Rural District , Lirdaf District , Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Los Glaciares National Park ( Spanish : Parque Nacional Los Glaciares , `` Glaciers National Park '' ) is a federal protected area in Santa Cruz Province , Argentina .
Aljira , a Center for Contemporary Art is an art gallery in downtown Newark , New Jersey , United States .
Atlin Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CAD6 ) , is located on Atlin Lake adjacent to Atlin , British Columbia , Canada .
Charlotte United Christian Academy is a private , Christian school located in Charlotte , North Carolina .
Przystałowice Małe ( pʂɨstawɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rusinów , within Przysucha County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Nantucket Cottage Hospital is a not - for - profit regional medical center located in Nantucket , Massachusetts and is the only hospital on the island .
Rayadurgam is a municipal town and taluk headquarters in Anantapur district of the state of Andhra Pradesh .
Eslamiyeh ( Persian : اسلاميه‎ , also Romanized as Eslāmīyeh ; formerly Bāghestān - e Ferdows and Beheshtābād ) is a city in the Central District of Ferdows County , in South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Little Creek Peak is a mountain in eastern Iron County in southwestern Utah in the United States .
Alnwick ( i/ˈænᵻk/ ) is a market town in north Northumberland , England .
The Rad Jan Kollar cis 101 Z.C.B.J. , also known as Z.C.B.J. Hall , is a historic building near Du Bois , Nebraska , United States , that was built in 1920 - 21 .
Byward Street is a road in the City of London , the historic and financial centre of London .
Villa del Poggio Imperiale ( English : Villa of the Imperial Hill ) is a predominantly neoclassical former grand ducal villa in Arcetri , just to the south of Florence in Tuscany , central Italy .
Wola Korybutowa - Kolonia ( ˈvɔla kɔrɨbuˈtɔva kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Limanowa County ( Polish : powiat limanowski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Lesser Poland Voivodeship , southern Poland .
Lisiak ( ˈliɕak ) ( German : Elisenhof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Akbiyeh is an archaeological site approximately 12 kilometres ( 7.5 mi ) south of Sidon , northeast of Ain Kantarah in Lebanon .
Tiruchanur also known as Alamelu Mangapuram is a census town in Chittoor district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Flores Airport ( IATA : FLW , ICAO : LPFL ) ( Portuguese : Aeroporto das Flores ) is a regional airport on the island of Flores in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores .
Dunkerton High School is a small high school in Dunkerton , Iowa .
John Turn Farm is a historic farm complex located in the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area at Middle Smithfield Township , Monroe County , Pennsylvania , USA .
Sejahrud ( Persian : سجهرود‎ , also Romanized as Sejahrūd ; also known as Sakhrūd ) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam - e Jonubi Rural District , Khvoresh Rostam District , Khalkhal County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The John S. Honeyman House is a house located in the West End area of downtown Portland , Oregon , listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Eslamabad Industrial Area ( Persian : ناحيه صنعتي اسلام آباد‎ -- Nāḥīyeh Şanʿatī - ye Eslāmābād ) is a villageand company town in Sharq va Gharb - e Shirgah Rural District , Shirgah District , Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Gumieńce ( German : Scheune ) is a municipal neighbourhood of the city of Szczecin , Poland situated on the left bank of Oder river , west of the Szczecin Old Town , Middle Town and Pomorzany .
Minnetonka Cave is one of the larger limestone caves in the state of Idaho .
Baceno ( Lombard Bascén , Walser German : Aager ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Verbano - Cusio - Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 140 kilometres ( 87 mi ) northeast of Turin and about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) northwest of Verbania , on the border with Switzerland .
Žatika Sport Centre is a multi - functional hall in Poreč .
Krępa Mała ( ˈkrɛmpa ˈmawa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zielona Góra , within Zielona Góra County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Vazhavallan is a village in Thoothukudi district in the state of Tamil Nadu , India .
Blue Hills Bank Pavilion is a Live Nation - owned outdoor amphitheater located in Boston , Massachusetts , USA .
Iešjávri ( or Iesjavri ) is a large lake on the border of the municipalities of Alta , Kautokeino , and Karasjok in Finnmark county , Norway .
Gafsa Governorate ( Tunisian Arabic : ولاية ڨفصة‎ Wilāyat Gafṣa ) is one of the 24 governorates of Tunisia .
Källö - Knippla is an island and a locality in Öckerö Municipality , Västra Götaland County , Sweden with 369 inhabitants in 2010 .
The Wolf Creek Shooting Complex , now known as the Tom Lowe Shooting Grounds , is a shooting range located southwest of Atlanta , Georgia , United States , in Fulton County .
Pantalowice ( pantalɔˈvʲit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kańczuga , within Przeworsk County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Sieradowice Drugie ( ɕɛradɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈdruɡʲɛ ) is a metropoly in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzentyn , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Meynun ( Persian : مينون‎ , also Romanized as Meynūn ) is a village in Saroleh Rural District , Meydavud District , Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Parkstein is a district in the municipality of Neustadt an der Waldnaab in Bavaria in Germany .
RAAF Bradfield Park was a Royal Australian Air Force ( RAAF ) station located at the former suburb of Bradfield Park ( now Lindfield , New South Wales ) during World War II .
Box Butte Dam ( National ID # NE01069 ) is a dam in the arid northwestern panhandle area of Dawes County , Nebraska .
Boath or Bonthala ( old name ) is a town , a Mandal Thalooka & Constituency of Adilabad district in Telangana State .
Greenville Memorial Hospital is a 710-bed tertiary referral hospital and academic center located at 701 Grove Road , Greenville , South Carolina .
Villammare is a southern Italian village and the only hamlet ( frazione ) of Vibonati , a municipality in the province of Salerno , Campania .
Chiladangari ( ଚିଲଡଙ୍ଗରି ) is a village of Koksara Block in Dharmagarh sub - division in Kalahandi District in Odisha State .
Brzeźnica - Kolonia ( bʐɛʑˈnit͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastrowie , within Złotów County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Westgate Las Vegas Resort & Casino is a hotel , casino , and convention center in Winchester , Nevada , owned by Westgate Resorts .
Fort Stevenson State Park is a North Dakota state park located in McLean County , south of the community of Garrison .
The Golden Trout Wilderness is a federally designated wilderness area in the Sierra Nevada , in Tulare County and Inyo County , California .
Reedy River Industrial District runs along Reedy River between River Street and Camperdown Way , in Greenville , South Carolina .
Northcote High School is a co - educational , state secondary school in Northcote , Victoria , Australia .
The Cargo Muchacho Mountains are located in the southeast Colorado Desert in the Lower Colorado River Valley , in Imperial County , California in the United States .
KNLX ( 104.9 FM , `` New Life 104.9 '' ) is a commercial radio station allocated to serve Prineville , Oregon , USA .
Zevenaar ( pronunciation ) is a municipality and a city in the Gelderland province , in the eastern Netherlands near the border with Germany .
10th Street Market , also known as the Oakland Free Market or Sanitary Free Market was a commercial market district in Oakland , Alameda County , California .
Khojeh Darreh ( Persian : خجه دره‎ ) is a village in Yeylaqi - ye Ardeh Rural District , Pareh Sar District , Rezvanshahr County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Chautauqua Park Historic District is located on the north side of Des Moines , Iowa , United States .
Jaydasht Rural District ( Persian : دهستان جايدشت‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran .
Lake Superior College ( LSC ) is a two - year community and technical college in Duluth , Minnesota .
Santa Maria della Spina is a small church in the Italian city of Pisa .
Northern National Bank was a historic bank building located in the Hartranft neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Clungunford is a village and civil parish in south Shropshire , England , located near the border with Herefordshire .
Pinnacles National Park is a U.S. National Park protecting a mountainous area located east of the Salinas Valley in Central California , about 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) east of Soledad and 80 miles ( 130 km ) southeast of San Jose .
Azad Manjir ( Persian : ازادمنجير‎ , also Romanized as Āzād Manjīr ; also known as Āzār Matjīr ) is a village in Robat Rural District , in the Central District of Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Vargar ( Persian : ورگر‎ ) is a village in Jaber - e Ansar Rural District , in the Central District of Abdanan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Hannibal Regional Airport ( ICAO : KHAE , FAA LID : HAE ) is a public use airport in Marion County , Missouri , United States .
Mott Street ( Chinese : 勿街 ; pinyin : Wùjiē ; Jyutping : Mat6gaai1 ) is a narrow but busy thoroughfare that runs in a north -- south direction in the New York City borough of Manhattan .
Twedt ( Danish : Tved ) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig - Flensburg , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Kułaki ( kuˈwaki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanowiec , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Farm to Market Road 2751 or FM 2751 is a Farm to Market Road in Texas , running from FM 1844 near Judson north to Brown Rd .
West Moors is a village in East Dorset , England , on the northern fringe of the Poole - Bournemouth conurbation , just outside the larger settlements of Ferndown and Verwood .
Pińczów County ( Polish : powiat pińczowski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , south - central Poland .
Andarpa ( Persian : اندرپا‎ , also Romanized as Andarpā ) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District , Kamareh District , Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Tuderk ( Persian : تودرك‎ , also Romanized as Tūderk ) is a village in Maskun Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Playgreen Lake is a lake in the province of Manitoba in Canada .
Ulucz ( ˈulut͡ʂ ) ( Ukrainian : Улюч , Uliuch ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dydnia , within Brzozów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The Southern New England Telephone Company Building is a historic high - rise office building at 55 Trumbull Street in Hartford , Connecticut .
Antioch School of Law was a law school in Washington , D.C. which specialized in public advocacy .
Harlosh Island is an island in Loch Bracadale just off the coast of the Minginish and Harlosh peninsulas of Skye in Scotland .
Bamhani is a town and a nagar panchayat ( a kind of municipality ) in Mandla district in the state of Madhya Pradesh , India .
Rahnama Mahalleh ( Persian : راهنمامحله‎ , also Romanized as Rahnamā Maḩalleh ) is a village in Saheli - ye Jokandan Rural District , in the Central District of Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Adelante High School is one of seven high schools in the Roseville Joint Union High School District in Roseville , Placer County , California .
Penela ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( pɨˈnɛlɐ ) ) is a municipality located in Coimbra District , in Portugal .
Huazhou District ( simplified Chinese : 华州区 ; traditional Chinese : 華州区 ) , formerly Hua County or Huaxian ( simplified Chinese : 华县 ; traditional Chinese : 華縣 ; pinyin : Huà Xiàn ) , is a district of Weinan , Shaanxi province , China .
Merboltice ( German : Mertendorf ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Děčín District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic .
The Hills Centre was a modern brutalist complex of civic buildings in Castle Hill , New South Wales opened in stages between 1982 and 1988 , and demolished in 2013 .
Shangbei ( Chinese : 上碑镇 ) is a township - level division of Xingtang County , Shijiazhuang , Hebei , China .
Sharifabad - e Tajar ( Persian : شريف ابادطجر‎ , also Romanized as Sharīfābād - e Ţajar ; also known as Sharīfābād and Sharif Abad Samen ) is a village in Haram Rud - e Sofla Rural District , Samen District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Muzhappilangad is a small coastal village in Kannur district in the Indian state of Kerala .
Ashburne Hall ( to which Sheavyn House is an annex ) is a University of Manchester hall of residence for students on the Fallowfield Campus , situated 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) south of the main university campus ( the Oxford Road Campus ) .
Marko 's Monastery ( Macedonian and Serbian : Марков Манастир ) is a monastery located in the village of Markova Sušica , 18 kilometres ( 11 mi ) from central Skopje in the Republic of Macedonia .
Fai della Paganella ( German : Oberpfeidt or Welsch - Faid ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 14 kilometres ( 9 mi ) northwest of Trento .
National Museum of Bhutan is a cultural museum in the town of Paro in western Bhutan .
Putahow Lake is a lake in north - west Manitoba near the provincial boundary with Nunavut , Canada .
North Bloomfield School is a historic school located at North Bloomfield in Livingston County , New York .
KNML ( 610 kHz ) is an American radio station in Albuquerque , New Mexico .
Lanjanist ( Armenian : Լանջանիստ ; until 1968 , Kadrlu , Khidirli , and Kaayrlu ) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia .
Sefid Zangul ( Persian : سفيدزنگول‎ , also Romanized as Sefīd Zangūl and Safīd Zangūl ; also known as Sefīd Jāngur ) is a village in Agahan Rural District , Kolyai District , Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Cielechowizna ( t͡ɕɛlɛxɔˈvizna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Almachovan ( Persian : الماچوان‎ , also Romanized as Ālmāchovān ) is a village in Sarajuy - ye Sharqi Rural District , Saraju District , Maragheh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Sausar ( Saunsar ) is a town and a nagar palika in Chhindwara district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh .
Kangolabad ( Persian : كنگل اباد‎ , also Romanized as Kangolābād ; also known as Gangalābād , Gangazu , Gangelo , Gangolābād , and Sheyţān Kand ) is a village in Azghan Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Atlantic Northeast is a region of North America , which includes the US states of New Hampshire , Vermont , and Maine , as well as the Canadian Maritimes .
Shesh Ab ( Persian : شش اب‎ , also Romanized as Shesh Āb ) is a village in Qaleh Miran Rural District , in the Central District of Ramian County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Newton Poppleford is a large village situated on the A3052 road between Exeter and Sidmouth on the west side of the River Otter in East Devon , within the East Devon AONB .
Chojty ( ˈxɔi̯tɨ ) ( German : Choyten ; 1929 - 1945 : Koiten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgoń , within Sztum County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Weymouth Township School District is a public school district that serves students in pre - Kindergarten through eighth grade from Weymouth Township , in Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .
Faryab - e Sanguyeh ( Persian : فارياب سنگويه‎‎ , also Romanized as Fāryāb - e Sangūyeh ; also known as Fāryāb - e Sangū and Fāryāb - e - Sengu ) is a village in Fatuyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Puddletown is a village and associated civil parish in the West Dorset district of Dorset , England .
Bettles Lodge , a few miles from Bettles , Alaska on the south bank of the Koyukuk River , in the Brooks Range , was built in 1951 by Warren Killen and Wilfred Evans .
Rekola railway station ( Finnish : Rekolan rautatieasema ; Swedish : Räckhals station ) is a Helsinki commuter rail station located in the district of Rekola in the city of Vantaa , Finland .
Opsterland ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɔpstərlɑnt ) ; West Frisian : Opsterlân ) is a municipality in the province of Friesland in the Netherlands .
Anviq ( Persian : انويق‎ , also Romanized as Anvīq and Anavīq ; also known as Amvei and Amvey ) is a village in Jushin Rural District , Kharvana District , Varzaqan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Piasty Wielkie ( ˈpjastɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) ( German : Gross Peisten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Hooters Casino Hotel is a hotel and casino located off the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise , Nevada , United States .
Auburn City Hall in Auburn , Alabama , built in 1933 , is the city hall of Auburn , Alabama .
North Fork Elk River , or North Fork Elk Creek is a 15.2-mile - long ( 24.5 km ) tributary of the Elk River in Routt County , Colorado .
Sibford Gower is a village and civil parish about 6.5 miles ( 10.5 km ) west of Banbury in Oxfordshire , on the north side of the Sib valley , opposite Sibford Ferris .
The Saint Spyridon the New Church ( Romanian : Sfântul Spiridon Nou ) is a Romanian Orthodox church in Bucharest , Romania on Calea Șerban Vodă , no . 29 .
Lake Chabot is a man - made lake covering 317 acres ( 1.3 km2 ) in Alameda County , California .
Chiasso ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈkjasso ) , or commonly in Lombard : Ciass ( tʃasː ) ) is a municipality in the district of Mendrisio in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Kolajan - e Qajar ( Persian : كلاجان قاجار‎ , also Romanized as Kolājān - e Qājār ) is a village in Roshanabad Rural District , in the Central District of Gorgan County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Słaboludz - Kolonia ( swaˈbɔlut͡s kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleczew , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Betzenweiler is a municipality in the Biberach district of Baden - Württemberg , in southwestern Germany .
Sufian Sar ( Persian : صوفيان سر‎ , also Romanized as Şūfīān Sar ; also known as Sūfūn Sar ) is a village in Deylaman Rural District , Deylaman District , Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Laxson Creek is a stream in Bandera County , Texas , in the United States .
Ramjerd ( Persian : رامجرد‎ , formerly , Kushkak ( Persian : كوشكك ) , also Romanized as Kūshkak ) is a city in and the capital of Dorudzan District , in Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Weserburg is a modern art museum in Bremen , Germany .
In 1979 , New York State acquired the 7,200 acres ( 29 km2 ) of Nehasane Park surrounding Lake Lila ;
Brzeźno Szlacheckie ( ˈbʐɛʑnɔ ʂlaˈxɛt͡skʲɛ ) ( Kashubian : Szlachecczé Brzézno , German : Adlig Briesen ) is a village in Gmina Lipnica , Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Arbuckle Mountains are an ancient mountain range in south - central Oklahoma in the United States .
Maradki ( maˈratki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sorkwity , within Mrągowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Built in 1915 , the Old Tarpon Springs City Hall is a historic site in Tarpon Springs , Florida .
Boronice ( bɔrɔˈnit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierza Wielka , within Kazimierza County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Shabla Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Шабла ) is a municipality ( obshtina ) in Dobrich Province , Bulgaria , located in the north - easternmost part of the country on the Northern Bulgarian Black Sea Coast in Southern Dobruja geographical region , bounded by Romania to the north .
Canelo Ranger Station , also known as Canelo Work Station , is a historic ranger station in the Coronado National Forest , within Santa Cruz County of southern Arizona .
Bierton is a village in Buckinghamshire , England , about half a mile northeast of the town of Aylesbury .
Lidao ( Chinese : 俚岛镇 ) is a town in Rongcheng City , Weihai , in eastern Shandong province , China .
Moghisabad ( Persian : مغيث اباد‎ , also Romanized as Moghīs̄ābād ; also known as Sheyūr and Sheyvar ) is a village in Shaab Jereh Rural District , Toghrol Al Jerd District , Kuhbanan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Chal Gharu ( Persian : چل غرو‎ , also Romanized as Chal Gharū ) is a village in Zaz - e Gharbi Rural District , Zaz va Mahru District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Dasht - e Naseri ( Persian : دشت ناصري‎ , also Romanized as Dasht - e Nāşerī ; also known as Nāşerī ) is a village in Vahdat Rural District , Mugarmun District , Landeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Brčko District ( pronounced ( br̩̂t͡ʃkɔː ) ; Serbo - Croatian : Brčko distrikt/Брчко дистрикт ) in northeastern Bosnia and Herzegovina is a neutral , self - governing administrative unit , under the sovereignty of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Atomium ( GA : /əˈtoʊmiːəm/ ə - TOH - mee - əm ) is a building in Brussels originally constructed for Expo 58 , the 1958 Brussels World 's Fair .
Abraham Lincoln Capital Airport ( IATA : SPI , ICAO : KSPI , FAA LID : SPI ) is a civil - military public airport in Sangamon County , Illinois .
Châteauneuf - Grasse ( also known as Châteauneuf de Grasse or simply Châteauneuf ) is a commune in the Alpes - Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Wassy ( French pronunciation : ​(vasi ) ) , formerly known as Wassy - sur - Blaise , is a commune in the Haute - Marne department in north - eastern France .
Steeple Ashton is a village and civil parish in Wiltshire , England , 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) east of Trowbridge .
Rondeau Provincial Park , located in southwestern Ontario , Canada is the second oldest provincial park having been established with an order in council on 8 September 1894 .
Oakland City Center is an office and shopping and hotel complex in Downtown Oakland , California .
Muirshearlich ( Scottish Gaelic : Muir Sìorlaich ) is a small hamlet , 4 miles northeast of Fort William , along the B8004 road , in Lochaber , Scottish Highlands and is in the council area of Highland .
EMSL ( pronounced em - zul ) , or the William R. Wiley Environmental Molecular Sciences Laboratory , is a national scientific user facility located at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory in Richland , Washington .
Llanengan ( Welsh for `` St. Einion 's '' ) is a small village and community 1.2 mi ( 1.9 km ) southwest of Abersoch in Gwynedd in northern Wales .
The Minneapolis Fire Department Repair Shop is a building in Minneapolis , Minnesota listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005 .
Belpasso ( Sicilian : Belpassu ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Catania in the Italian region Sicily , located about 150 kilometres ( 93 mi ) southeast of Palermo and about 10 kilometres ( 6 mi ) northwest of Catania .
ABC Riverina is an ABC Local Radio station based in Wagga Wagga and broadcasting to the Riverina and Murrumbidgee Irrigation Area regions in New South Wales .
Ab Meshkin ( Persian : اب مشكين‎ , also Romanized as Āb Meshkīn ; also known as Āb - e Meshgīn and Āb - i - Mushkin ) is a village in Mehraban - e Olya Rural District , Shirin Su District , Kabudarahang County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Qaleh Sorkheh ( Persian : قلعه سرخه‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Sorkheh ) is a village in Holayjan Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 168 , in 29 families .
Govan Mbeki Local Municipality ( formerly Highveld East Local Municipality ) is a South African Local Municipality situated in the Gert Sibande District Municipality , of Mpumalanga .
Borki - Wyrki ( ˈbɔrki ˈvɨrki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Tafrijan ( Persian : تفريجان‎ , also Romanized as Tafrījān ) is a village in Alvandkuh - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Hamadan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Kalashi - ye Nahang ( Persian : كلاشي نهنگ‎ , also Romanized as Kalāshī - ye Nahang ; also known as Kalāsh - e Nahang , Nahang , and Nehang ) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District , in the Central District of Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Jieyang ( Chinese : 揭阳 ; pinyin : Jiēyáng ) is a prefecture - level city in Guangdong Province , People 's Republic of China .
1001 Woodward is an office building in Downtown Detroit , Michigan .
Nawiady ( naˈvjadɨ ) ( German : Aweyden ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piecki , within Mrągowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Jacob 's Church ( St. Jacob 's Evangelical Lutheran Church ) is a historic Lutheran church at 213 E. Central Avenue in Miamisburg , Ohio .
Sarv Kola ( Persian : سروكلا‎ , also Romanized as Sarv Kolā and Sarv Kalā ) is a village in Hasan Reza Rural District , in the Central District of Juybar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Beyt - e Matlib ( Persian : بيت مطليب‎ , also Romanized as Beyt - e Maṭlīb ) is a village in Mollasani Rural District , in the Central District of Bavi County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Castle Grant stands a mile north of Grantown - on - Spey and was the former seat of the Clan Grant chiefs of Strathspey in Highlands , Scotland .
Lesueur Conservation Park , formerly the Cape Hart Conservation Park is a protected area in South Australia located on the Dudley Peninsula on Kangaroo Island .
Carlmont High School is a public high school in Belmont , California , United States serving grades 9 - -12 as part of the Sequoia Union High School District .
Vazgen Sargsyan Republican Stadium ( Armenian : Վազգեն Սարգսյանի անվան Հանրապետական մարզադաշտ ) also known as the Republican Stadium ( Armenian : Հանրապետական մարզադաշտ ; Hanrapetakan Stadium ) is an all - seater multi - use stadium located on 65 Vardanants street , in the Armenian capital Yerevan .
The Parker Homestead is a historic home and grounds in Little Silver , Monmouth County , New Jersey , United States located at 235 Rumson Road near Sickles Park .
Max and Mina 's is an ice cream store in New York City .
Barrhaven is a rapidly growing suburban neighbourhood in the southwest of the urban area of the city of Ottawa , Ontario , Canada , about 17 km ( 11 mi ) southwest of downtown Ottawa .
88 Scott is a mixed - use skyscraper being built in Toronto , Ontario , on the corner of Scott Street and Wellington Street .
Stade Bergeyre is a former sports stadium in northeast of Paris , France , located in 19th district of the French capital .
Matanzas Inlet is a channel in Florida between barrier islands connecting the Atlantic Ocean and the south end of the Matanzas River .
St Clears ( /səntˈklɛərz/ sənt - KLAIRZ ; Welsh : Sanclêr ) is a community and small town on the River Tâf in Carmarthenshire , Wales .
Schönebeck ( German : ( ˈʃøːnəbɛk ) ) is a town in the district of Salzlandkreis , in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
The Shisanling Pumped Storage Power Station ( 十三陵抽水蓄能电厂 ) is a pumped - storage power station in Changping County of Beijing , China , near the Thirteen Tombs of the Ming Dynasty from where it got its name Shisanling , which means `` thirteen tombs '' .
Parap Airfield was the civilian airport / aerodrome at Parap a suburb of Darwin , Northern Territory , in Australia between 1919 and 1946 .
Stayley Hall , also known as Staley Hall , is a Grade II * Listed Building in Stalybridge , Greater Manchester .
Amon Düül began in 1967 as a radical political art commune of Munich - based artists calling themselves , in part , after the Egyptian Sun God Amon .
The Bottle House Block is a brick rowhouse at 204 - 214 3rd Street in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Węgierki ( vɛnˈɡʲɛrki ) ( German : Wilhelmsau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Września , within Września County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Vadakkaanchery is a small town in the Thrissur district of Kerala .
Qaleh Karimi ( Persian : قلعه كريمي‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Karīmī ) is a village in Juyom Rural District , Juyom District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 16 , in 5 families .
Koch - e Yusof ( Persian : كچ يوسف‎ , also Romanized as Koch - e Yūsof ; also known as Koch ) is a village in Negur Rural District , Dashtiari District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Clinker Peak is a stratovolcano , in the Garibaldi Volcanic Belt , British Columbia , Canada .
Aqa Hesab ( Persian : اقاحساب‎ , also Romanized as Āqā Ḩesāb ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Gassantoda Castle ( 月山富田城 , Gassantoda - jō ) is a mountain castle , or yamashiro , located in Yasugi , Shimane Prefecture , Japan .
Purjavid ( Persian : پورجاويد‎ , also Romanized as Pūrjāvīd ) is a village in Ludab Rural District , Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Hangleton is an estate in west Hove , East Sussex .
Paddock Wood is a small town and civil parish in the Borough of Tunbridge Wells and county of Kent in England , about 8 miles ( 13 km ) southwest of Maidstone .
Cajon Pass ( /kəˈhoʊn/ ; elevation 3,777 ft ( 1,151 m ) ) is a mountain pass between the San Bernardino Mountains and the San Gabriel Mountains in Southern California in the United States .
Viggiù ( Vigiǘ in Milanese ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy , located about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) northwest of Milan and about 8 kilometres ( 5 mi ) northeast of Varese , on the border with Switzerland .
Korda Studios ( in Hungarian : Korda Filmstúdió ) is a new film studio complex 26 km west of Budapest in the wine - making village of Etyek ; hence the media nickname Etyekwood .
Estádio João Cardoso is a football stadium in Tondela , Portugal , with a capacity for 5,000 spectators .
The Ricardo Brennand Institute ( in Portuguese Instituto Ricardo Brennand , IRB ) is a cultural institution located in the city of Recife , Brazil .
Ilminster is a town and civil parish in the countryside of south west Somerset , England , with a population of 5,808 .
Itkohwa is one of the villages under Block - Madanpur , Aurangabad district , Bihar , India .
Kłusity Wielkie ( kwuˈɕitɨ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) ( German : Groß Klaussitten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński , within Lidzbark County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Broken Ridge Buddhist Temple ( Hangul : 무량사 `` Mu Ryang Sa '' ) is a Korean Buddhist temple on the island of Oahu in the U.S. state of Hawaii .
KQXT - FM ( 101.9 FM , `` Q101.9 '' ) is a San Antonio , Texas , adult contemporary radio station operating with 100,000 watts from a transmitter site on the Tower of the Americas in downtown San Antonio .
Previously a separate municipality , Fish Hoek is now part of the City of Cape Town .
Pasym - Kolonie ( ˈpasɨm kɔˈlɔɲe ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Pasym , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
WYFK ( 89.5 FM ) is a radio station licensed to the community of Columbus , Georgia , USA .
Qir and Karzin County ( Persian : شهرستان قیر و کارزین‎‎ - Shahrestan Qir va Karzin ) is a county in Fars Province , Iran .
Apatin ( Serbian Cyrillic : Апатин ) is a town and municipality in the Vojvodina administrative region of Serbia , located in the West Bačka District , at 45 ° 40′N 18 ° 59′E. The town of Apatin is the administrative , economic , cultural , educational and tourist centre of the municipality of Apatin ( 333 km² ) .
George Green 's School is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form , located in Cubitt Town , on the Isle of Dogs in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets , England .
Avalon State Park is a Florida State Park , located on North Hutchinson Island , 4 miles north of Fort Pierce Inlet State Park , along A1A.
Hamilton Central School , located on West Kendrick Avenue , Hamilton , New York was established in 1946 .
Warwick Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : N72 ) is a public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) northeast of Warwick , a village in the Town of Warwick , Orange County , New York , United States .
Thundridge is a village and civil parish in the East Hertfordshire District , in the county of Hertfordshire .
Starościce ( starɔɕˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milejów , within Łęczna County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Balnacra ( Scottish Gaelic : Beul - àtha na Crà ) is a village in Strathcarron , Ross - Shire , Scotland , roughly seven miles from the village of Lochcarron .
Hushut ( Persian : هوشوت‎ , also Romanized as Hūshūt ) is a village in Bazoft Rural District , Bazoft District , Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Gildersleeve House was a house located at 108 Broadway in Hudson , Illinois .
Boneh - ye Jan Mohammad ( Persian : بنه جان محمد‎ , also Romanized as Boneh - ye Jān Moḩammad ) is a village in Sadat Rural District , in the Central District of Lali County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Stone Lagoon is the second of three similar lagoons within Humboldt Lagoons State Park , along the coast of Humboldt County , California .
The Gillioz Theatre was built by M. E. Gillioz of Monett , Missouri .
Straßgang ( from Slavic straža `` look - out , watchtower '' ) is the 16th city district of Graz , in the Austrian province of Styria .
Procter R. Hug High School is a fully accredited public high school in Reno , Nevada , and belongs to the Washoe County School District .
Yekkeh Shakh ( Persian : يكه شاخ‎ , also Romanized as Yekkeh Shākh ) is a village in Garmkhan Rural District , Garmkhan District , Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
KCQL , `` Fox Sports Radio 1340 , '' is a sports station licensed to Aztec , New Mexico in the Four Corners region .
The Barabanki district is one of four districts of Faizabad division , lies at the very heart of Awadh region of Uttar Pradesh state of India , and forms as it were a centre from which no less than seven other districts radiate .
Lurg ( from Irish Lorg , meaning `` mark , trail or track '' ) is a barony situated in the north of County Fermanagh , Northern Ireland .
Davarijan ( Persian : دواريجان‎ , also Romanized as Davārījān ; also known as Bāmsar , Bāmsar - e Pā’īn , and Ḩedārījān ) is a village in Silakhor Rural District , Silakhor District , Dorud County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Acıpayam is a town and a rural district of Denizli Province in high country between the Aegean and Mediterranean regions of Turkey .
Bilat Village is a village situated under the East Siang district , Arunachal Pradesh .
The Lyndon Bridge is a metal Parker Pratt through - truss bridge in the village of Lyndon , Whiteside County , Illinois , United States .
Kakareza - ye Amid Ali ( Persian : كاكارضااميدعلي‎‎ , also Romanized as Kākāreẕā - ye Āmīd ʿAlī ; also known as Kākāreẕā - ye Markazī and Shahrak - e Kākā Reẕā ) is a village in Honam Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Charmak ( Persian : چرمك‎ ) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District , in the Central District of Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Kirkintilloch ( /ˌkɜːrkᵻnˈtɪləx/ ; Scottish Gaelic : Cair Cheann Tulaich ) is a town and former royal burgh in East Dunbartonshire , Scotland .
Mulan County ( simplified Chinese : 木兰县 ; traditional Chinese : 木蘭縣 ; pinyin : Mùlán Xiàn ) is under the administration of Harbin , the capital of Heilongjiang province , People 's Republic of China .
Peleriyeh ( Persian : پلريه‎ , also Romanized as Pelerīyeh ) is a village in Larijan - e Sofla Rural District , Larijan District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Bytonia ( bɨˈtɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zblewo , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Bisheh Mahalleh ( Persian : بيشه محله‎ , also Romanized as Bīsheh Maḩalleh ) is a village in Karipey Rural District , Lalehabad District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
El Verger ( Valencian pronunciation : ( eɫ veɾˈdʒeɾ ) , Spanish : Vergel ( berˈxel ) ) is a town of 4,992 inhabitants situated 3 kilometres from the Mediterranean sea and 8 kilometres from Dénia , in the Comarca of Marina Alta , Land of Valencia , Spain .
Tiruvallur district ( also known as Thiruvallur District ) is an administrative district in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Hösseringen is a village in the collective municipality of Suderburg and lies southwest of Uelzen in the German state of Lower Saxony .
Ab Anarak ( Persian : اب انارك‎ , also Romanized as Āb Ānārak ; also known as Āb - e Nārow and Ābrow ) is a village in Horgan Rural District , in the Central District of Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran .
KBEM - FM ( 88.5 FM , `` Jazz 88 '' ) is a Minneapolis , Minnesota public radio station broadcasting a jazz format .
Kettle Valley is a community in the Boundary Country region of the Interior of British Columbia .
Chenar Kol ( Persian : چناركل‎ , also Romanized as Chenār Kol and Chenār Gol ) is a village in Kakasharaf Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Tolombeh Khaneh - ye Afarineh ( Persian : تلمبه خانه افرينه‎‎ , also Romanized as Tolombeh Khāneh - ye Āfarīneh ) is a village in Afrineh Rural District , Mamulan District , Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Mały Łęck ( ˈmawɨ ˈwɛnt͡sk ) ( German : Klein Lensk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płośnica , within Działdowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Saratoga Springs Public Library ( SSPL ) , established in 1950 , is a public library located in Saratoga Springs in the Capital District area of New York .
Danderyd Municipality ( Danderyds kommun ) is a municipality just north of Stockholm in Stockholm County in east central Sweden .
Becks Grove Airport ( FAA LID : K16 ) is a privately owned , public use airport located eight nautical miles ( 9 mi , 15 km ) northwest of the central business district of Rome , a city in Oneida County , New York , United States .
The Folk Art Center is a museum of Appalachian arts and crafts located at milepost 382 on the Blue Ridge Parkway near Asheville , North Carolina .
Lee Theatre ( Chinese : 利舞臺 ) was a prominent theatre in Causeway Bay on Hong Kong Island , Hong Kong .
Pfaffhausen ( also known as Pffaffhausen ) is a settlement in the municipality of Fällanden in the canton of Zürich , Switzerland .
Penta Geyser sits a few feet off the path adjacent to Spasmodic Geyser in the Upper Geyser Basin of Yellowstone National Park , Wyoming , USA .
Talleh Zang ( Persian : تله زنگ‎ , also Romanized as Taleh Zang and Talleh Zang - e Pā'īn ) is a village in Mazu Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Ben Darrah Water Tank and Well House near Shoshone , Idaho , United States , were built in 1913 by sheep rancher and stonemason Bill Darrah .
KKYR - FM ( 102.5 FM ) is a Country music formatted radio station licensed to serve Texarkana , Texas .
Chah - e Beygi ( Persian : چاه بيگي‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Beygī ; also known as Chāh - e Āqāyī ) is a village in Yunesi Rural District , Yunesi District , Bajestan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
North Connel is a hamlet on the north side of Loch Etive in Argyll and Bute , Scotland .
American Baptist College ( also known as American Baptist Theological Seminary or ABTS ) is a small , predominantly African American liberal arts college located in Nashville , Tennessee .
Muling ( Chinese : 穆棱 ; ; pinyin : Mùlíng ) is a county - level city of Mudanjiang , southeastern Heilongjiang , Northeast China , on the border with Russia .
The Meldorfer Gelehrtenschule ( MGS ) is a Highschool in Meldorf in the county Dithmarschen in Schleswig - Holstein .
The Glenn Gould Foundation is a registered Canadian charitable organization based in Toronto , Canada .
The East Martinsburg Historic District is associated with the growth of Martinsburg , West Virginia during the 1850s , when the development of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad brought German and Irish settlers to the area .
Kopysno ( kɔˈpɨsnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fredropol , within Przemyśl County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
The Ocean County Mall is a super - regional mall , opened in 1976 by Edward J. DeBartolo Corporation , located in Toms River , New Jersey on Hooper Avenue ( County Route 549 ) .
Calgary / Springbank Airport or Springbank Airport , ( ICAO : CYBW ) is an airport located in Springbank , Alberta , a large western suburb of Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
Chowchilla Airport ( FAA LID : 2O6 ) is a public airport located one mile ( 1.6 km ) southeast of Chowchilla , serving Madera County , California , USA .
Zapałów ( zaˈpawuf ) ( Ukrainian : Жапалів , Zhapaliv ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązownica , within Jarosław County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The Academy at Charlemont is a small , private , college - preparatory day school , located on the Deerfield River in Charlemont , Massachusetts , that serves grade 7 through postgraduate .
Major General George Henry Thomas , also known as the Thomas Circle Monument , is an equestrian sculpture in Washington , D.C. that honors Civil War general George Henry Thomas .
The Erie Harbor North Pier Light , also known as the Presque Isle North Pier Light , is one of the three lighthouses near Erie , Pennsylvania in the United States .
The Allen Correctional Institution , also known as the Allen Oakwood Correctional Institution , is a prison located in Lima , Ohio , a facility of the Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Correction .
Nal - e Kanan ( Persian : نعل كنان‎ , also Romanized as Na``l - e Kanān ) is a village in Donbaleh Rud - e Shomali Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 236 , in 49 families .
Kamal Beyk ( Persian : كمال بيك‎ , also Romanized as Kamāl Beyk ; also known as Kamāl Bak , Kamāl Beyg , and Kamāl Bik ) is a village in Jabal Rural District , Kuhpayeh District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
John McEachern High School or McEachern High School is a public high school established in 1908 in Powder Springs , Georgia , USA .
Zarębisko ( zarɛmˈbiskɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Ryczków ( ˈrɨt͡ʂkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn , within Krotoszyn County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Lalejin District ( Persian : بخش لالجین‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Bahar County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Hepscott is a small village in the county of Northumberland , England , about 2 miles ( 3 km ) south east of Morpeth , the county town .
Abdikhani ( Persian : عبدي خاني‎ , also Romanized as `` Abdīkhānī and `` Abdī Khānī ; also known as `` Abdū Khānī ) is a village in Dorunak Rural District , Zeydun District , Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 255 , in 61 families .
West Okoboji Lake ( sometimes known as West Lake Okoboji ) is a natural body of water , approximately 3,847 acres ( 15.57 km2 ) in area , in Dickinson County in northwest Iowa in the United States .
Bethsaida Swedish Evangelical Lutheran Church Parsonage is a historic church parsonage in La Conner , Washington .
Hallajabad ( Persian : حلاج اباد‎ , also Romanized as Ḩallājābād ) is a village in Mahmudabad Rural District , Tazeh Kand District , Parsabad County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Mountaineer Power Plant is a major coal - fired power plant outside New Haven , West Virginia , USA .
Pracz ( prat͡ʂ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Wyrzysk , within Piła County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Schaerbeek / Schaarbeek railway station is a railway station in the municipality of Schaerbeek , Brussels - Capital Region , Belgium .
Sahebdad ( Persian : صاحبداد‎ , also Romanized as Şāḩebdād ) is a village in Zam Rural District , Pain Jam District , Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Carmichael coal mine is a proposed thermal coal mine in the north of the Galilee Basin in Central Queensland , Australia .
The Chords Bridge ( Hebrew : גשר המיתרים‎ , Gesher HaMeitarim ) , also called the Bridge of Strings or Jerusalem Light Rail Bridge , is a cantilever spar cable - stayed bridge in Jerusalem , Israel .
Steeple Barton is a civil parish and scattered settlement on the River Dorn in West Oxfordshire , about 8 1⁄2 miles ( 13.7 km ) east of Chipping Norton , a similar distance west of Bicester and 9 miles ( 14 km ) south of Banbury .
Bishampton is a village and civil parish in the Wychavon district of Worcestershire , England with a population of 678 .
In 1528 , after an eventful history , Brienz became part of the Canton of Bern .
KMAV - FM ( 105.5 FM ) is a radio station in Mayville , North Dakota , serving the Red River Valley of eastern North Dakota and northwest Minnesota with a country music format on weekdays and oldies format on weekends .
The Galena Creek Schoolhouse in Storey County , Nevada , near Reno , is a historic schoolhouse that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011 .
The Stotts Island Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve containing the Stotts Island , a river island , that is located in the mouth of the Tweed River , in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales in eastern Australia .
Changlang district ( Pron:/tʃæŋˈlæŋ/ ) is located in the Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh , located south of Lohit district and north of Tirap district .
WMNA - FM ( 106.3 FM ) is a talk radio - formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Gretna , Virginia , serving Gretna , Chatham and Northern Pittsylvania County .
Brown State Fishing Lake ( sometimes also known as Brown State Fishing Lake And Wildlife Area ) is a protected area in Brown County , Kansas in the United States .
Little Ferry Seaplane Base ( FAA LID : 2N7 ) is a public - use seaplane base located one nautical mile ( 1.852 km ) east of the central business district of the borough of Little Ferry on the Hackensack River in Bergen County , New Jersey , United States .
Ensign Peak is a peak in the foothills near downtown Salt Lake City , Utah .
Traunreut is a town in southeastern Bavaria , Germany in the Traunstein district .
The Firebag River is a river in northern Alberta and Saskatchewan , Canada .
Skatavica ( Cyrillic : Скатавица ) is a village in the municipality of Čelinac , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Campbell Archeological Site ( 23PM5 ) , is an archaeological site in Southeastern Missouri occupied by the Late Mississippian Period Nodena Phase from 1350 to 1541 CE . The site features a large platform mound and village area , as well as several cemeteries .
Stuyvesant Square is a park in the New York City borough of Manhattan , located between 15th Street , 17th Street , Rutherford Place , and Nathan D. Perlman Place ( formerly Livingston Place ) .
Manuke is a village on Guru Gobind Singh Marg ( highway ) in district Ludhiana , state of Punjab , India .
Newport Masonic Hall is historic building located at Newport , New Castle County , Delaware .
Kuźnica Bobrowska ( kuʑˈnit͡sa bɔˈbrɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów nad Prosną , within Ostrzeszów County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Santo Espírito ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈsɐ̃tu ɨʃˈpiɾitu ) ) is a Portuguese civil parish , located in the municipality of Vila do Porto , in the autonomous region of Azores .
Ickleford is a large village situated on the northern outskirts of Hitchin in North Hertfordshire in England .
Randeh Sar ( Persian : رنده سر‎ ) is a village in Haviq Rural District , Haviq District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Bagh Jalal ( Persian : باغ جلال‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh Jalāl ; also known as Jalālī ) is a village in Golestan Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Zapon ( Persian : زاپن‎ , also Romanized as Zāpon ; also known as Zāpūn ) is a village in Khezel - e Sharqi Rural District , Khezel District , Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Hällekis ( pronounced `` Hellekees '' ) is a locality situated in Götene Municipality , Västra Götaland County , Sweden .
Cox Building is a historic department store building located in Rochester , New York .
Pol Khatun Rural District ( Persian : دهستان پل خاتون‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Marzdaran District , Sarakhs County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Sohra Kheyrabad ( Persian : صحراخيراباد‎ , also Romanized as Şoḩrā Kheyrābād ) is a village in Murcheh Khvort Rural District , in the Central District of Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Antlers Municipal Airport ( IATA : ATE , FAA LID : 80F ) is a public airport located one mile ( 2 km ) southwest of the central business district of Antlers , a city in Pushmataha County , Oklahoma , United States .
Cenarth is a village , parish and community in Carmarthenshire , adjoining the Cenarth Falls , bordering Ceredigion and Pembrokeshire , Wales .
Ashkar Meydan ( Persian : اشكرميدان‎ , also Romanized as Ashkar Meydān ) is a village in Amlash - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Linów - Kolonia ( ˈlinuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawichost , within Sandomierz County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Marbar ( Persian : ماربر‎ , also Romanized as Mārbar and Mār Bor ; also known as Mālbor , Mār Boz , and Mār Bur ) is a village in Sardshir Rural District , in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Oghlan Tappeh ( Persian : اغلان تپه‎ , also Romanized as Oghlān Tappeh , Owghlān Tappeh , and Uqlān Tepe ) is a village in Ramjin Rural District , Chaharbagh District , Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Stopham is a hamlet and civil parish in the District of Chichester in West Sussex , England , about 1.5 miles ( 2.4 km ) west of Pulborough on the A283 road .
Phagwara is a city and it recently became municipal corporation in Kapurthala district in North India , in the central part of the Punjab .
Ab Gazan ( Persian : اب گزان‎ , also Romanized as Āb Gazān ; also known as Ābgazān - e Pākūh , Āb Gazān Pākū , and Ab Gozān Pākū ) is a village in Abnama Rural District , in the Central District of Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Fort Selden was a United States Army post , occupying the area in what is now Radium Springs , New Mexico .
Firestone Fieldhouse is a multipurpose arena located in Malibu , California , a suburb of Los Angeles .
Bandbon - e Ujargah ( Persian : بندبن واجارگاه‎ , also Romanized as Bandbon - e Ūjārgāh ; also known as Bandbon - e Ojārgāh ) is a village in Bibalan Rural District , Kelachay District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Sannati or Sannathi is a small village , located on the banks of the Bhima River in Chitapur taluk of Gulbarga District of Northern Karnataka .
Kalamui ( Persian : كلامويي‎ , also Romanized as Kalāmū’ī ; also known as Bāgh - e Ḩeyrān and Bāgh Ḩeyrān ) is a village in Khanmirza Rural District , Khanmirza District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Çelikhan is a rural district of Adıyaman Province of Turkey .
Montgomery Regional Airport ( IATA : MGM , ICAO : KMGM , FAA LID : MGM ) ( Dannelly Field ) is a public and military airport seven miles southwest of Montgomery , the capital of Alabama .
Abiabad ( Persian : ابي اباد‎ , also Romanized as Abīābād ; also known as Abūābād ) is a village in Lay Siyah Rural District , in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Eydlu ( Persian : عيدلو‎ , also Romanized as `` Eydlū ) is a village in Quri Chay - ye Gharbi Rural District , Saraju District , Maragheh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 22 , in 7 families .
Knoebels Amusement Resort is a family - owned and operated amusement park , picnic grove , and campground in Elysburg , Pennsylvania .
Bay de Noc Community College ( commonly called Bay College ) is a public two - year college located in Escanaba , Michigan , United States , and was founded in 1962 .
Noyes Academy was an interracial school founded by New England abolitionists in 1835 in Canaan , New Hampshire , United States .
Zambana ( German : Zalban ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 9 kilometres ( 6 mi ) north of Trento .
The Doniphan County Courthouse , located in Courthouse Square in Troy , is the seat of government of Doniphan County , Kansas .
Cheshmeh - ye Ab Gorazi ( Persian : چشمه اب گرازي‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh - ye Āb Gorāzī ) is a village in Korbal Rural District , in the Central District of Kharameh County , Fars Province , Iran .
Ashiestiel is a village in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland , in the Parish of Caddonfoot , on the south side of the River Tweed , 4 m ( 6.5 km ) east of Innerleithen .
Jaktorówko ( jaktɔˈrufkɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Szamocin , within Chodzież County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Rochlitzer Berg is a mountain of volcanic origin in Saxony , southeastern Germany .
Gaveh - ye Seyyed Mohammad Hoseyni ( Persian : گوه سيدمحمدحسيني‎ , also Romanized as Gaveh - ye Seyyed Moḩammad Ḩoseynī ) is a village in Ozgoleh Rural District , Ozgoleh District , Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Lipczynek ( lipˈt͡ʂɨnɛk ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Przechlewo , within Człuchów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The village of Flimwell is in the Rother District of East Sussex , in the civil parish of Ticehurst .
Hamzeh Ali ( Persian : حمزه علي‎ , also Romanized as Hamzeh ʿAlī ) is a village in Dorud Rural District , in the Central District of Dorud County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Located in the `` Passage Dantzig , '' in the 15th arrondissement of Paris , La Ruche was an old three - storey circular structure that got its name because it looked more like a large beehive than any dwelling for humans .
Aitken House is a Canadian all - male residence , located on the University of New Brunswick 's Fredericton campus .
Pine Forge Mansion and Industrial Site , also known as Rutter 's Mansion and Pine Forge Iron Plantation , is a historic iron plantation and mansion and national historic district located in Douglass Township , Berks County , Pennsylvania .
The Rorspitzli is a mountain of the Urner Alps , located west of Wassen and Göschenen in the canton of Uri .
Coby Hall is an antebellum Georgian Revival former residence in Florence , Alabama , that now serves as a learning and cultural center for the University of North Alabama .
Drobnice ( drɔbˈnit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osjaków , within Wieluń County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Pitrufquén ( Spanish pronunciation : ( pitɾufˈken ) ) is a Chilean city and commune in Cautín Province , Araucanía Region .
Koszalin County ( Polish : powiat koszaliński ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in West Pomeranian Voivodeship , north - western Poland , on the Baltic coast .
Eryuan County ( 洱源县 ; pinyin : Ěryuán Xiàn ) is a county in the Dali Bai Autonomous Prefecture located in southern Yunnan Province , China .
Calvin Crest or Calvin Crest Conferences is a private Christian campsite near Oakhurst , California , USA .
The Monroe Township Public Schools is a comprehensive public school district serving the educational needs of students in grades Kindergarten through twelve from Monroe Township , in Gloucester County , New Jersey , United States .
Shockoe Bottom is an area in Richmond , Virginia , just east of downtown , along the James River .
The Warrego Highway is located in southern Queensland , Australia .
The district is more commonly called the French Quarter today , or simply `` The Quarter , '' related to changes in the city with American immigration after the Louisiana Purchase .
Port Soderick is a small hamlet to the south of Douglas , capital of the Isle of Man , once famed for its pleasure grounds and beach .
Divraz ( Persian : ديورز‎ , also Romanized as Dīvraz ) is a village in Bala Khiyaban - e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Wożuczyn ( vɔˈʐut͡ʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rachanie , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Repsol Campus is a building that serves as headquarters of the oil company Repsol , located on Mendez Alvaro street , 44 , in the city of Madrid , Spain .
Õisu ( German : Euseküll ) is a small borough in Halliste Parish , Viljandi County , in southern Estonia .
Since 2012 , Anna Paulowna has been a part of the new municipality of Hollands Kroon .
Sam Houston Schoolhouse State Historic Site is a single - room log cabin - style schoolhouse in Maryville , Tennessee , built in 1794 .
Nowy Nieskurzów ( ˈnɔvɨ ɲesˈkuʐuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baćkowice , within Opatów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Ranch to Market Road 1869 ( RM 1869 ) is a ranch to market road in Burnet and Williamson counties , Texas .
The Eber Sherman Farm is a historic farmstead located at 1010 State Road in North Adams , Massachusetts .
Reijmerstok ( Limburgish : Rimmesjtók ) is a village in the municipality Gulpen - Wittem in the Dutch province of Limburg .
The Unity Buildings in Liverpool , England consist of the 86 m ( 282 ft ) tall Unity Residential and 64 m ( 210 ft ) Unity Commercial .
Cosmonauts Alley ( Russian : аллея Космонавтов ) is a wide avenue in northern Moscow leading to the Russian Museum of Cosmonautics and the Monument to the Conquerors of Space .
Nowolesie ( nɔvɔˈlɛɕɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelin , within Strzelin County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
New Barlborough is an area of Barlborough village , Bolsover , Derbyshire , consisting of several housing estates and a single row of houses along the A619 , between Chesterfield and Worksop .
Brünnau is a village in the district of Kitzingen , Lower Franconia , Bavaria , Germany .
Rieser Mill is a historic grist mill and miller 's house located in Bern Township , Berks County , Pennsylvania .
Ahmad Mardeh ( Persian : احمدمرده‎ , also Romanized as Aḩmad Mardeh ) is a village in Tilakuh Rural District , Ziviyeh District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Bellburns is a fishing settlement in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador .
Deh - e Chati ( Persian : ده چاتي‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Chātī ) is a village in Charam Rural District , in the Central District of Charam County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Dumar - e Meyani ( Persian : دومارمياني‎ , also Romanized as Dūmār - e Meyānī ) is a village in Saghder Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Shahrak - e Mohammad Hajji ( Persian : شهرك محمدحاجي‎ , also Romanized as Shahraḵ - e Moḩammad Ḩājjī ) is a village in Salehabad Rural District , Salehabad District , Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kampong Trach District ( Khmer : ស្រុកកំពង់ត្រាច ) is one of the 8 districts of the Kampot Province and it is located at the eastern part bordering Vietnam to the east , Banteay Meas District to the north , Kep Province to the west and the Gulf of Thailand to the south .
Kilimanjaro Safaris is a safari attraction at Disney 's Animal Kingdom on the Walt Disney World Resort property in Lake Buena Vista , Florida .
Timber Creek Regional High School is a four - year comprehensive community public high school for students in ninth through twelfth grades located in the Erial section in southern Gloucester Township in Camden County , New Jersey , United States , operating as one of the three secondary schools of the Black Horse Pike Regional School District .
The George W. Frank House is a historic mansion located in Kearney , Nebraska , United States .
Abiz - e Jadid ( Persian : ابيزجديد‎ , also Romanized as Ābīz - e Jadīd ; also known as Ābīz ) is a village in Shaskuh Rural District , Central District , Zirkuh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kanggui , also known as Kangpokpi , is the principal town of Sadar Hills under Sadar Hills Autonomous District Council in Manipur state of India .
The Sgt . Aubrey Cosens VC Memorial Bridge is named after Sgt . Aubrey Cosens VC , and is located in Latchford , Ontario where Highway 11 crosses the Montreal River .
The Peak of Puigmal ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˌpudʒˈmaɫ ) ) , also called Puigmal d'Err , is a mountain in the Pyrenees , in the Spanish - French border , within the limits of the municipality of Queralbs and the commune of Err .
The Spruce Creek Mound Complex is a prehistoric and early historic archeological site in Port Orange , Florida .
Dimeling Hotel is a historic hotel located in Clearfield , Pennsylvania , United States .
The Prudence Building or Prudence Bonds Building was a fourteen story edifice at the southeast corner of Madison Avenue ( Manhattan ) and 43rd Street .
Achanoor is a village in Tamil Nadu , India , and lies between Thiruvaiyaru and Kallanai ( Grand Anaicut ) .
Galleh - ye Ashotori ( Persian : گله اشتري‎ , also Romanized as Galleh Āshotorī and Gallehshotori ) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District , in the Central District of Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Umtanum Ridge Water Gap is a geologic feature in central Washington state in the United States .
The South Fork Rogue River is a 25-mile ( 40 km ) tributary of the Rogue River in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Pipe Spring National Monument is a United States National Monument located in the U.S. state of Arizona , rich with American Indian , early explorer , and Mormon pioneer history .
Nowy Bugaj ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈbuɡai̯ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki , within Olesno County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Chełm Górny ( ˈxɛu̯m ˈɡurnɨ ) ( German : Hohenwartenberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcińsko - Zdrój , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Shushan Bridge is a covered bridge over the Batten Kill in the hamlet of Shushan in Washington County , New York , near Vermont .
Vedde is a village located in the Sorø Municipality in Region Sjælland on the island of Zealand ( Sjælland ) in east Denmark .
The Cairo Ohio River Bridge is a cantilever bridge carrying U.S. Route 51 , U.S. Route 60 , and U.S. Route 62 across the Ohio River between and Wickliffe , Kentucky and Cairo , Illinois .
Groß - Umstadt is a town in the district of Darmstadt - Dieburg in the Bundesland ( federal state ) of Hesse in Germany .
Tarrabool Lake is located on the western fringe of the Barkly Tableland in northeastern Northern Territory , Australia .
Macquarie Pass National Park is a national park in New South Wales , Australia , 90 km southwest of Sydney .
Passy Cemetery ( French : Cimetière de Passy ) is a cemetery in Passy , in the 16th arrondissement of Paris , France .
Tipperary Hill , also known as Tipp Hill , is a district in the city of Syracuse , New York , largely settled by immigrants from Ireland , especially from County Tipperary .
Snowshoe Mountain is a ski resort in the eastern United States , located in Snowshoe , West Virginia .
Shahgodar - e Mohammad ( Persian : شاه گدارمحمد‎ , also Romanized as Shāhgodār - e Moḩammad ; also known as Banāvech and Shāh Gozār ) is a village in Zamkan Rural District , in the Central District of Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Peat Island is a small island of approximately eight hectares in the Hawkesbury River , just north of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Lüsen ( Italian : Luson ) is a comune ( municipality ) in South Tyrol , located about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) northeast of the city of Bolzano .
Khaneh - ye Barq - e Qadim ( Persian : خانه برق قديم‎ , also Romanized as Khāneh - ye Barq - e Qadīm ) is a village in Benajuy - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Bonab County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Cima Rossa is a 3,161 metres high mountain in the Lepontine Alps , located on the border between the cantons of Ticino and Graubünden .
The Hillsboro State Bank Building ( now known as the Office of Trinkle , Redman , Swanson , Coton , Davis , & Smith P.A. ) is a historic bank in Plant City , Florida , United States .
The Henry Eldred Farm is an historic farm complex at 368 Old North Road in South Kingstown , Rhode Island .
Chaos Crags is the youngest group of lava domes in Lassen Volcanic National Park , California , having been formed as five dacite domes 1,100 - 1,000 years ago .
Beltone Studios was a recording studio at 1650 Broadway , Manhattan , New York City .
Yeshiva Bais Moshe ( also referred to as Yeshivath Beit Moshe , Yeshiva Beth Moshe , Scranton Yeshiva , or Milton Eisner Yeshiva High School ) , is an Orthodox Jewish Seminary located in Scranton , Pennsylvania .
The Transmission site Landespolizeidirektion Karlsruhe is a site with short wave aerial and an 81 metre tall telecommunication tower at 48 ° 39′51``N 8 ° 47′42''E on Lerchenberg near Wildberg , 20 kilometre westwards of Stuttgart .
Royal Air Force Abingdon or more simply RAF Abingdon was a Royal Air Force station near Abingdon , Oxfordshire .
Thornton - on - the - Hill ( also called Thornton Hill ) is a small dispersed village and civil parish in the Hambleton district of North Yorkshire , England , about two miles to the north of Easingwold .
Chipping Norton is a market town and civil parish in the Cotswold Hills in the West Oxfordshire district of Oxfordshire , England , about 12 miles ( 19 km ) southwest of Banbury and 18 miles ( 29 km ) northwest of Oxford .
Kichmengsky Gorodok ( Russian : Кичменгский Городок ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Kichmengsko - Gorodetsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia , located on the left bank of the Yug River , at its confluence with the Kichmenga River .
Dirleton Kirk is situated to the north of the village green in Dirleton , in East Lothian , Scotland .
Hasanabad - e Kherabeh ( Persian : حسن ابادخرابه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanābād - e Kherābeh ; also known as Ḩasanābād ) is a village in Rivand Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Balut Beyg ( Persian : بلوطبيگ‎ , also Romanized as Balūt Beyg and Balūţ Beyk ; also known as Robāţ Beyk and Baluibak ) is a village in Darreh Seydi Rural District , in the Central District of Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The University at Buffalo Libraries is the university library system of the University at Buffalo , The State University of New York .
Alan C. Pope High School is a public high school located north of Atlanta in East Cobb , Georgia , within unincorporated Cobb County .
The Stadtpark und Botanischer Garten Gütersloh ( 15.5 hectares ) is a municipal park with botanical garden ( 3 hectares ) located at Parkstraße 51 , Gütersloh , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Markazi Province ( Persian : استان مرکزی‎‎ , Ostān - e Markazi ) , the medieval Iraq - i Ajam , more recently Arak -- is one of the 31 provinces of Iran .
Tohman - e Ladi ( Persian : تحما ن لدي‎ , also Romanized as Toḩmān - e Ladī ) is a village in Dalgan Rural District , in the Central District of Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Cheney Reservoir is a reservoir on the North Fork Ninnescah River in Reno , Kingman , and Sedgwick counties of Kansas in the United States .
The London Palladium is a 2,286-seat Grade II West End theatre located on Argyll Street in the City of Westminster .
Sahrarud Rural District ( Persian : دهستان صحرارود‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Fasa County , Fars Province , Iran .
Pelugo ( German : Paluch ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) west of Trento .
Vahman ( Persian : وهمان‎ , also Romanized as Vahmān ; also known as Vahān ) is a village in Tariq ol Eslam Rural District , in the Central District of Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Witułty ( viˈtuu̯tɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Sant Pere de Galligants is Benedictine abbey in Girona , Catalonia .
The French Southern and Antarctic Lands ( French : Terres australes et antarctiques françaises , TAAF ) , in full the Territory of the French Southern and Antarctic Lands ( French : Territoire des Terres australes et antarctiques françaises ) is an overseas territory ( French : Territoire d'outre - mer or TOM ) of France .
The Frederick Douglass Square Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by Hammond Street , Cabot Street , Windsor Street , and Westminster Street , in the Lower Roxbury area of Boston , Massachusetts .
KFHW - LP is a radio station at 101.1 FM in Billings , Montana .
The Hawthorne USO Building , at 950 E St. in Hawthorne , Nevada , was built in 1941 as a World War II United Services Organization ( USO ) social hall .
Mushakiyeh ( Persian : موشكيه‎ , also Romanized as Mūshakīyeh , Mūsākheh , and Mūshkīyeh ) is a village in Qahan Rural District , Khalajastan District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Kirkcaldy ( i / kərˈkɔːdi/ ; Scottish Gaelic : Cair Chaladain ) is a town and former royal burgh in Fife , on the east coast of Scotland .
Glorat House is a 19th - century mansion house in East Dunbartonshire , Scotland .
Estadio Eduardo Santos is a multi - use stadium in Santa Marta , Colombia , used mostly for football matches .
The Woodside Priory School , commonly known as The Priory , is an independent , coeducational , Benedictine Catholic , college preparatory , day and boarding school located in Portola Valley , California in the United States .
Moorestown Friends School and Meetinghouse is a historic Quaker school and meeting house on Main Street at Chester Avenue in Moorestown Township , Burlington County , New Jersey , United States .
Gishan - e Gharbi ( Persian : گيشان غربي‎ , also Romanized as Gīshān - e Gharbī ; also known as Gīshān ) is a village in Gohreh Rural District , Fin District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Frinco is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Asti in the Italian region of Piedmont , located about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) east of Turin and about 11 kilometres ( 7 mi ) north of Asti .
Nickel Belt is one of two federal electoral districts serving the city of Greater Sudbury , Ontario , Canada .
Kolim ( Persian : كليم‎ , also Romanized as Kolīm ; also known as Kūlīm ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , Shahmirzad District , Mehdishahr County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Mahdasht ( Persian : ماهدشت‎ , also Romanized as Māhdāsht ; also known as Mardabad ( Persian : مَرد آباد ) , also Romanized as Mardābād ) is a city in the Central District of Karaj County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Queenscliff Music Festival is a live music festival held in the town of Queenscliff , located on the Bellarine Peninsula , Victoria , Australia .
The Estadi La Feixa Llarga is the home stadium of Segunda División B football club L'Hospitalet and is located in the Feixa Llarga district of L'Hospitalet de Llobregat , Catalonia , Spain .
The City Center Building , known briefly as Centennial Tower , is clearly visible as the tallest building in Hayward , California .
East Dulwich railway station is in the London Borough of Southwark in East Dulwich , south London .
Carnegie Hill is a neighborhood within the Upper East Side , in the borough of Manhattan in New York City .
The Lillooet Museum in Lillooet , British Columbia , Canada is located on that town 's Main Street , across from the `` Mile ' 0 ' '' cairn marking the beginning point of the Old Cariboo Road to Alexandria in the Cariboo region .
The Moseley Wrought Iron Arch Bridge , also known as the Upper Pacific Mills Bridge , is a historic , riveted , wrought iron bridge now located in North Andover , Massachusetts .
Karwacja ( karˈvat͡sja ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Tidriku ( also known as Tiidriki and Tiidrigi ) is an uninhabited village in Vihula Parish , Lääne - Viru County , in northern Estonia .
Uricani ( Romanian pronunciation : ( uriˈkanʲ ) ; Hungarian : Urikány ) is a town in the Jiu Valley region of Hunedoara County , in southern Transylvania , Romania .
Taghmar ( Persian : تغمر‎ ; also known as Taqmar ) is a village in Kharturan Rural District , Beyarjomand District , Shahrud County , Semnan Province , Iran .
The Longfellow House in Minneapolis , Minnesota , United States , is a 2/3 scale replica of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow 's home in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Wałcz County ( Polish : powiat wałecki ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in West Pomeranian Voivodeship , north - western Poland .
Mount Siyeh , with a height of 10,014 feet ( 3,052 m ) , is the fifth tallest and one of six peaks over 10,000 feet ( 3,048 m ) in Glacier National Park , Montana , United States .
The Haliburton House Museum is part of the Nova Scotia Museum system and is located in Windsor , Nova Scotia .
Sông Cầu is a town ( thị xã ) of Phú Yên Province in the South Central Coast region of Vietnam .
High Park Corner is a hamlet in the parish of Fingringhoe , in the Colchester District , in the county of Essex , England .
Taleb Beygi ( Persian : طالببيگي‎ , also Romanized as Ţāleb Beygī , Taleb Baigi , and Ţāleb Bīgī , Tāleb - e Beygī , and Ţāleb - e Bīgī ; also known as Ţāleb - e Bagi ) is a village in Shurjeh Rural District , in the Central District of Sarvestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Hoher Seeblaskogel is a mountain , 3,235 m above sea level ( AA ) , in the western part of the Stubai Alps in the Austrian state of Tyrol .
Bradfield Combust is a village in Suffolk , England , located on the A134 between Windsor Green and Great Whelnetham .
Karatal District ( Kazakh : Қаратал ауданы ) is a district of Almaty Region in Kazakhstan .
The Ojibway Club is an island community centre located in Pointe au Baril , Ontario , Canada .
Liberal Mid - America Regional Airport ( IATA : LBL , ICAO : KLBL , FAA LID : LBL ) is two miles west of Liberal , in Seward County , Kansas .
Indiana Regional Medical Center is a not - for - profit hospital located in Indiana , Pennsylvania that was founded in 1914 .
Sośniczka ( sɔɕˈnit͡ʂka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyca , within Pleszew County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Grovely castle is the site of an Iron Age univallate hill fort in the Parish of Steeple Langford , in Wiltshire .
Luseland , Saskatchewan is a small town in Rural Municipality Progress No . 351 , Saskatchewan in the west central region of the province .
Slade Green railway station is in the London Borough of Bexley , southeast London , on the North Kent Line .
The Landstede Sportcentrum is a complex located in Zwolle , Netherlands , which is used as a sports arena and was opened in 2010 .
The Papaverhof is a housing complex in The Hague designed by Jan Wils which was built from 1919 to 1921 .
Tretki ( ˈtrɛtki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żychlin , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Dr. Chester Hunt Office is an historic building on Windham Center Road in the village of Windham Center in Windham , Connecticut .
The Newton Street Bridge is a historic bridge carrying Newton Street over the Charles River in Waltham , Massachusetts .
The American Museum of the Miniature Arts was a non - profit museum in Dallas , Texas ( USA ) that focused on miniature art . Most of the museum 's collection is currently on display in the Sharp Gallery at the Hall of State at Fair Park .
Hgnettada is a villageold name : fazara in Shwegu Township in Bhamo District in the Kachin State of north - eastern Burma .
Forbidden Gardens ( simplified Chinese : 紫禁花园 ; traditional Chinese : 紫禁花園 ) was an outdoor museum of Chinese culture and history located on Texas Highway 99 and Franz Road in northern Katy , Greater Houston , Texas , USA .
Ashin - e Sofla ( Persian : اشين سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Āshīn - e Soflá ; also known as Āshīn , Āshīn - e Pā’īn , and Āshīn Pā’īn ) is a village in Soghan Rural District , Soghan District , Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Jabuz ( Persian : جابوز‎ , also Romanized as Jābūz ; also known as Khābūz and Jābūs ) is a village in Sheshtaraz Rural District , Sheshtaraz District , Khalilabad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Peterston - super - Ely ( Welsh : Llanbedr - y - fro ) is a village in the Welsh county borough of the Vale of Glamorgan on th River Ely . The community population taken at the 2011 census was 874 .
Deh Chenashk ( Persian : ده چناشك‎ , also Romanized as Deh Chenāshk ; also known as Chenāshak ) is a village in Kuhsarat Rural District , in the Central District of Minudasht County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Gardenview Horticultural Park ( 16 acres ) is a nonprofit botanical garden and arboretum located at 16711 Pearl Road , Strongsville , Ohio .
The Acton School of Business is a MBA program in entrepreneurship in Austin , Texas .
Eynesbury Senior College is a private co - educational high school on Franklin Street in the city centre of Adelaide , the capital of South Australia .
Tampa Catholic High School is a diocesan , Catholic , coeducational high school located in Tampa , Florida , USA , founded in 1962 .
Ljusdal Municipality ( Ljusdals kommun ) is one of Sweden 's 290 municipalities within Gävleborg County .
Khvosh ( Persian : خوش‎ , also Romanized as Khowsh and Khush ; also known as Khosh ) is a village in Sojas Rud Rural District , Sojas Rud District , Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Bavari ( Persian : باوري‎ , also Romanized as Bāvarī ) is a village in Kabgian Rural District , Kabgian District , Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Tazeh Kand - e Poruch ( Persian : تازه كندپروچ‎ , also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand - e Porūch ; also kown as Tāzeh Kand ) is a village in Kandovan Rural District , Kandovan District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Długobór - Osada ( dwuˈɡɔbur ɔˈsada ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoskinia , within Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Ramtek ( Marathi : रामटेक ) is a City and municipal council in Nagpur district of the Maharashtra , India .
Mirzaali Khan ( Persian : ميرزاعلي خان‎ , also Romanized as Mīrzā``alī Khān ; also known as Mīrzā``alī ) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District , in the Central District of Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 417 , in 65 families .
The Gardens of the American Rose Center ( 118 acres ) are botanical gardens located in Shreveport , Louisiana and dedicated to varieties of the rose .
Arrowhead Mountain is a mountain located on Ellesmere Island , Nunavut , Canada and is located east northeast of Mount Oxford .
East Sheen Cemetery , originally known as Barnes Cemetery , is a cemetery on Sheen Road in East Sheen in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames , England .
Camp W. G. Williams , commonly known as Camp Williams , also known as Army Garrison Camp Williams , is a National Guard training site operated by the Utah National Guard .
Dewaitha is a village in Dildarnagar Kamsar in the Ghazipur district , Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
Caussols is a commune in the Alpes - Maritimes department in southeastern France , It is known for the CERGA Observatory on the Calern plateau .
Taihe District ( simplified Chinese : 太和区 ; traditional Chinese : 太和區 ; pinyin : Tàihé Qū ) is a district of the city of Jinzhou , Liaoning , People 's Republic of China .
The Roger Pryor Pioneer Backcountry is a 61,000 acres ( 247 km2 ) area of private land that is managed by the Missouri Department of Natural Resources for hiking and backpacking by the public .
Verkhne ( Ukrainian : Ве́рхнє , before 1946 Ботелка Вижня , Polish : Butelka Wyżna ) is a village ( selo ) in Turka Raion , Lviv Oblast , in south - west Ukraine .
The Royal Hamadryad Hospital was a seamen 's hospital and later a psychiatric hospital in the docklands area of Cardiff , Wales .
Fourth of July Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County , Idaho , United States , located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area .
2NM ( branded as 981 2NM ) is a local radio station in the Upper Hunter Valley of New South Wales , Australia .
Warder Public Library is a historically significant building in Springfield , Ohio , United States .
The Arendt Jensen Jr. House , at 1243 A and 1243 B Eddie St. in Gardnerville , Nevada , is a historic Bungalow / craftsman - style house that was built in 1932 .
The North Fly District of the Western Province of Papua New Guinea is the northernmost , smallest , and arguably the most remote of the three districts of the province .
Glikson crater is an impact structure ( or astrobleme ) , the eroded remnant of a former impact crater , situated in the Little Sandy Desert of central Western Australia .
Pig Beach ( also known as Pig Island , Major Cay , and officially Big Major Cay ) is an uninhabited island ( or cay ) located in Exuma , the Bahamas , and known for being populated by many swimming feral pigs .
The Karpino Monastery ( Macedonian : Карпински манастир ) is an important Macedonian Orthodox monastery situated in the northeastern part of the Republic of Macedonia , near the city of Kumanovo ( near village Suvi Orah ) .
Los Alamos High School ( LAHS ) is the public high school in Los Alamos , New Mexico , USA .
Chorlton High School is a coeducational secondary school with academy status , located in Chorlton - cum - Hardy , Manchester , England .
Watkowice ( vatkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Wadkeim ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryjewo , within Kwidzyn County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Lepsi ( Kazakh : Лепсі ) is a village in Sarkand District , Almaty Region , in southeastern Kazakhstan .
Fairfield Junior - Senior High School is public secondary school located in Goshen , Indiana .
Whyteleafe is a village in the district of Tandridge , Surrey , England , with a few streets falling inside the London Borough of Croydon .
Lake Langdon in Mound , Minnesota , has an area of 144 acres ( 0.6 km2 ) .
The Oak Grove - Freedman 's Cemetery is a historic cemetery located at the corner of Liberty Street and North Church Street in downtown Salisbury , North Carolina .
Easter Howgate is a settlement in Midlothian , Scotland , UK , on the A702 , two miles north of Penicuik .
Lubodzież ( luˈbɔd͡ʑeʂ ) ( German : Lubsee ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lniano , within Świecie County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Faaa ( also Fa'a'ā ) is a commune in the suburbs of Papeete in French Polynesia , an overseas country of France in the Pacific Ocean .
Godall is a municipality in the Montsià comarca , Tarragona Province , Catalonia , Spain .
Culver City High School is the main public high school of the Culver City Unified School District ( CCUSD ) in Culver City , California .
Ridgevalley is a hamlet in northern Alberta , Canada within the Municipal District of Greenview No . 16 .
Tauroszyszki ( tau̯rɔˈʂɨʂki ) , ( Lithuanian : Taurusiškė ) , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
Williston Lake is a reservoir created by the W. A. C. Bennett Dam and is located in the Northern Interior of British Columbia , Canada .
Chitterne is a village and civil parish in the County of Wiltshire , in the south west of England .
Darreh Sib ( Persian : دره سيب‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Sīb ) is a village in Ashayer Rural District , in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Millard South High School is a fully accredited public high school located in Omaha , Nebraska .
Piotrowa ( pjɔˈtrɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemodlin , within Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Larry Mahaney Diamond is a baseball stadium in Orono , Maine , located on the campus of the University of Maine .
Rue de la Commune is a road in Old Montreal which is well used both by Montrealers and by tourists , since it is the home of the Pointe - à - Callière Museum and the Old Port of Montreal .
Santa Maria di Castello is a church and religious complex in Genoa , Italy .
Benesat ( Hungarian : Benedekfalva ) is a commune located in Sălaj County , Romania .
The Cité des Fleurs is a pedestrian street in the épinettes district in the 17th arrondissement of Paris .
Vila do Corvo ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈkoɾvu ) ) is the smallest municipality in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores , constituting the island of Corvo in its entirety .
The Hungarian State Opera House ( Hungarian : Magyar Állami Operaház ) is a neo - Renaissance opera house located in central Budapest , on Andrássy út .
Mavčiče ( pronounced ( ˈmaːu̯tʃitʃɛ ) ; German : Mautschitsch ) is a village on the right bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Kranj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Kord Qeshlaq ( Persian : كردقشلاق‎ , also Romanized as Kord Qeshlāq ; also known as Gord Qeshlāq , Kord Qeshlāqī , and Kurd - Kishlak ) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu - e Bala Rural District , Qareh Poshtelu District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
The Eisenhower Public Library District is a public library located in Harwood Heights , Illinois , one of two suburbs completely surrounded by but not incorporated into Chicago .
Rure Ke Kalan or Rureke Kalan , is a small village with a population of about 5000 people located in Punjab , India .
The Ottawa School of Art is an art school in downtown Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Darreh Gudarzi ( Persian : دره گودرزي‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Gūdarzī ) is a village in Kabgian Rural District , Kabgian District , Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Twin Falls High School is a public secondary school in Twin Falls , Idaho , one of two traditional high schools operated by the Twin Falls School District .
Salhouse is a village and civil parish in the Broads in the English county of Norfolk .
Pai Tau Village ( traditional Chinese : 排頭村 ; simplified Chinese : 排头村 ) is a village located in Sha Tin , Hong Kong .
Swan Land and Cattle Company Headquarters , in Chugwater , Wyoming , was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1964 .
Darling Downs Correctional Centre was an Australian prison facility in Toowoomba , Queensland , Australia .
North Barrow is a village and civil parish 8 miles ( 13 km ) to the north - east of Ilchester in the South Somerset district of Somerset , England .
Sfruz ( German : Sfrutz ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , with some 230 inhabitants in 2009 and an area of 11.7 square kilometres ( 4.5 sq mi ) .
Sirzar - e Olya ( Persian : سيرزارعليا‎ , also Romanized as Sīrzār - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Torqabeh Rural District , Torqabeh District , Torqabeh and Shandiz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Zhongmu County ( Chinese : 中牟 ; pinyin : Zhōngmù ; postal : Chungmow ) is a county in Zhengzhou , Henan Province , People 's Republic of China .
Gmina Mniów is a rural gmina - administrative district - in Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , located in south - central Poland .
The North Maumee Bay Archeological District is a historic district located in the southeasternmost corner of Erie Township in Monroe County , Michigan .
Prospect Place , also known as Trinway Mansion and Prospect Place Mansion , is a 29-room mansion built by abolitionist George Willison Adams ( G. W. Adams ) in Trinway , Ohio , just north of Dresden in 1856 .
The Forest City Velodrome is an indoor cycling facility in London , Ontario , Canada .
The Wisconsin Workers Memorial is a public artwork by American artists Terese Agnew and Mary Zebell located in Zeidler Park , which is in downtown Milwaukee , Wisconsin , United States .
Wallula Gap is a large water gap of the Columbia River through basalt anticlines in the Columbia River Basin in the U.S. state of Washington , just south of the confluence of the Walla Walla and Columbia rivers .
U.S. Route 50 ( US 50 ) is a major east -- west route of the U.S. Highway system , stretching just over 3,000 miles ( 4,800 km ) from Ocean City , Maryland on the Atlantic Ocean to West Sacramento , California .
Coca - Cola Olympic City was an 8-acre ( 32,000 m2 ) plaza in downtown Atlanta , Georgia , adjacent to the city 's Centennial Olympic Park .
Kacze Bagno ( ˈkat͡ʂɛ ˈbaɡnɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kurzętnik , within Nowe Miasto County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Sarnowiec ( sarˈnɔvjɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Mehsana district ( Gujarati : મહેસાણા જિલ્લો ) ( alternate spelling `` Mahesana '' ) is one of the 33 districts of Gujarat state in western India .
The Cole - Hasbrouck Farm Historic District is a historic district located along NY 32 north of the junction with US 44 and NY 55 at Modena , New York , USA .
Khan Tappeh ( Persian : خان تپه‎ , also Romanized as Khān Tappeh ) is a village in Bizaki Rural District , Golbajar District , Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Church or Monastery of São Vicente de Fora ; meaning `` Monastery of St. Vincent Outside the Walls '' is a 17th - century church and monastery in the city of Lisbon , Portugal .
Kaaterskill High Peak ( officially just High Peak ) is one of the Catskill Mountains , located in the Town of Hunter in Greene County , New York , USA .
It is situated in the comarca of Baix Vinalopó , and lies at the foot of the hill range known locally as Serra de Crevillent .
Szczodrów ( ˈʂt͡ʂɔdruf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Syców , within Oleśnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Hylton Castle ( /ˈhɪltən/ HIL - tən ) is a ruined stone castle in the North Hylton area of Sunderland , Tyne and Wear , England .
Terkheda is a panchayat village in Vashi taluk of Osmanabad district in India .
Thampan is the name of Kshatriya clan from the state of Kerala in India .
The Misquah Hills are a range of mountains in northeastern Minnesota , in the United States .
Dopiewiec ( dɔˈpjɛvjɛt͡s ) ( German : Wanenhain ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dopiewo , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Bariki - ye Hasan Qoli ( Persian : باريكي حسنقلي‎ , also Romanized as Bārīḵī - ye Ḩasan Qolī ) is a village in Shahi Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Baume Abbey , in its village of Baume - les - Messieurs , Jura , France , was founded as a Benedictine abbey not far from the still - travelled Roman road linking Besançon and Lyon .
Bardeghun ( Persian : بردغون‎ , also Romanized as Bardeghūn ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Postołów ( pɔˈstɔwuf ) ( Ukrainian : Постолів , Postoliv ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesko , within Lesko County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The Bog River , also called the Bog River Flow is a 18-mile ( 29 km ) river that originates near the sources of the Oswegatchie River , in Hamilton County , New York in the Adirondacks , and flows through Lows Lake and Hitchens Pond , ending at the Bog River Falls at the entrance to Tupper Lake .
Cimarron National Grassland is a National Grassland located in Morton County , Kansas , United States , with a very small part extending eastward into Stevens County .
Qarah Kul ( Persian : قره كول‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Kūl , Qareh Kowl , and Qareh Kūl ; also known as Karakol , Qarakol , and Qareh Kol ) is a village in Qanibeyglu Rural District , Zanjanrud District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Obrów ( ˈɔbruf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiełczygłów , within Pajęczno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Buttle Lake is a lake on Vancouver Island in Strathcona Regional District , British Columbia , Canada .
The Bridge in Gibson Borough in South Gibson , Pennsylvania is a stone arch bridge that crosses over Bell Creek , north of its confluence with Tunkhannock Creek .
Posht Par Sardar - e Bard Koshki ( Persian : پشت پرسرداربردكشكي‎ , also Romanized as Posht Par Sardār - e Bard Koshkī ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Garmsiri - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Tatuar is a village under Manigachi block in Darbhanga District of Bihar .
Kingsley Plantation ( also known as the Zephaniah Kingsley Plantation Home and Buildings ) is the site of a former estate in Jacksonville , Florida , that was named for an early owner , Zephaniah Kingsley , who spent 25 years there .
Garm Bit - e Pain ( Persian : گرم بيت پائين‎ , also Romanized as Garm Bīt - e Pāīn ) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District , Dashtiari District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Fall River Government Center ( also known as `` city hall '' ) is the location of the municipal government offices in the city of Fall River , Massachusetts , United States .
Kurmish - e Olya ( Persian : كورميش عليا‎ , also Romanized as Kūrmīsh - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , Shahmirzad District , Mehdishahr County , Semnan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Wólka Czerwińska ( ˈvulka t͡ʂɛrˈviɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwin , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
18th Separate Company Armory is a historic National Guard armory building located at Glens Falls , Warren County , New York .
Mahekou Township ( simplified Chinese : 马合口白族乡 ; traditional Chinese : 馬合口白族鄉 ; pinyin : Mahekou Xiang ) is an rural township in Sangzhi County , Zhangjiajie , Hunan Province , China .
Enid Lake is a lake that is located mostly in Yalobusha County in the U.S. state of Mississippi .
Glenwood Park is a mixed - use neighborhood on the east side of Atlanta , Georgia , United States , located just west of North Ormewood Park .
Sierra Sky Park Airport ( FAA LID : E79 , formerly Q60 ) is a privately owned , public - use airport located seven miles ( 11 km ) northwest of the central business district of Fresno , a city in Fresno County , California , United States .
Nagara is a historic village in the Shimoga district of the state of Karnataka , India .
Darmahi ( Persian : دارماهي‎ , also Romanized as Dārmāhī ; also known as Dārmū``ī ) is a village in Honam Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 302 , in 72 families .
The Redwood Empire Ice Arena ( commonly known as Snoopy 's Home Ice ) is a popular northern California indoor ice rink located in Santa Rosa , California , United States .
Kuhi Kheyl ( Persian : كوهي خيل‎ , also Romanized as Kūhī Kheyl and Kūhīkheyl ) is a city in and the capital of Gil Khuran District , in Juybar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Chavagnes International College is a Catholic school for boys in Chavagnes - en - Paillers , France .
Flagstaff House , built in 1846 , is the oldest example of Western - style architecture remaining in Hong Kong .
Bunarkaig ( Scottish Gaelic : Bun Airceig ) is a village on the north west shore of Loch Lochy in Lochaber , Inverness - shire , Highland and is in the Scottish council area of the Highland .
Wattle Downs is a suburb of the former Manukau City , Auckland , in northern New Zealand .
Sotkamo is a municipality of Finland , located in the Kainuu region .
Located on the Inner Harbor of Baltimore , Maryland , the Baltimore World Trade Center is the world 's tallest regular pentagonal building ( the pentagonal JPMorgan Chase Tower in Houston is taller , but is not regular ) .
Chaharbagh District ( Persian : بخش چهارباغ‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
The Marian Fell Library is an historic library in Fellsmere , Florida .
Jelonko ( jɛˈlɔnkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Holzwickede ( German pronunciation : ( hɔltsˈvɪkədə ) ) is a municipality in the district of Unna in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Bishop Simon Bruté College Seminary is a Roman Catholic college seminary located in Indianapolis , Indiana within the Archdiocese of Indianapolis .
Puławy County ( Polish : powiat puławski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Lublin Voivodeship , eastern Poland .
Old Hattiesburg High School , located at 846 North Main Street , in Hattiesburg , Mississippi , was utilized as a public school building from around 1911 to 1959 .
Abarsij ( Persian : ابرسيج‎ , also Romanized as Abarsīj ; also known as Abarsaj , Abarsej , and Abrsaj ) is a village in Kharqan Rural District , Bastam District , Shahrud County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Vikla ( Greek : Βίκλα ) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus , located 4 km northeast of Kellaki .
Anandpur Sahib is a city in Rupnagar district ( Ropar ) in the state of Punjab , India .
Gornji Matejevac is a village situated in Pantelej municipality in the city of Niš , Serbia .
Strzępiń ( ˈstʂɛmpiɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Granowo , within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Nuytsland Nature Reserve is a protected area of Western Australia in the far south - eastern part of the state .
The Silver Bell Mountains are an arid north - northwest x southeast trending small mountain range in north - central Pima County , Arizona .
Stpice ( ˈstpit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świercze , within Pułtusk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Mazraeh - ye Qorban Sheykh ( Persian : مزرعه قربان شيخ‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Qorbān Sheykh ) is a village in Kongor Rural District , in the Central District of Kalaleh County , Golestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 124 , in 18 families .
The Peitav Synagogue or Peitav - Shul ( Latvian : Peitavas ileas sinagoga ; Yiddish : פאייטאוו שול‎ ) is the only synagogue in Riga to have survived the Holocaust and to be currently active .
Ridderkerkse Voetbal Vereniging Hercules , known as RVVH is a Dutch football , based in Ridderkerk .
The Medicine Range is a group of hills and low mountains in southern Elko County , in the northeastern section of the state of Nevada in the Great Basin region of the western United States .
Ostuh ( Persian : استوه‎ , also Romanized as Ostūh , Estooh , and Estūh ; also known as Ustāf ) is a village in Sang Sefid Rural District , Qareh Chay District , Khondab County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Nesa - ye Sofla ( Persian : نساسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Nesā''-ye Soflá ; also known as Nesā’ī - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Pain Taleqan Rural District , in the Central District of Taleqan County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Parramatta ( /ˌpærəˈmætə/ ) is a suburb and major business district in the metropolitan area of Sydney , Australia .
Olomouc Region ( Czech : Olomoucký kraj ) is an administrative unit ( Czech : kraj ) of the Czech Republic , located in the north - western and central part of its historical region of Moravia ( Morava ) and in a small part of the historical region of Czech Silesia ( České Slezsko ) .
The Middle Intervale Meeting House and Common ( Center Meeting House ) is a historic church at 757 Intervale Road in Bethel , Maine .
The Paisley Caves complex is a system of four caves in an arid , desolate region of south - central Oregon , United States .
Raheb Rural District ( Persian : دهستان راهب‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Kabudarahang County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The Houghton Mansion is the former home of Albert Charles Houghton and his family in North Adams , Massachusetts .
Wojtele ( vɔi̯ˈtɛlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prostki , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Joseph J. Fredella House and Garage is a historic home and garage located at Glens Falls , Warren County , New York .
Bon Lar ( Persian : بن لار‎ , also Romanized as Bon Lār ; also known as Boneh - ye Lār , Būnelār , Būnhalār , Būnlār , and Būnneh Lār ) is a village in Afrineh Rural District , Mamulan District , Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The McMahan Mound Site ( 40SV1 ) , also known as McMahan Indian Mound , is an archaeological site located in Sevierville , Tennessee just above the confluence of the West Fork and the Little Pigeon Rivers in Sevier County .
The Independence Park Botanic Gardens are botanical gardens located in Independence Park at 7950 Independence Boulevard , Baton Rouge , Louisiana .
The Gardiner Public Library is the public library of Gardiner , Maine and the surrounding communities of Litchfield , Randolph , Pittston and West Gardiner .
Mohammadabad - e Ferdowsi ( Persian : محمدابادفردوسي‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammadābād - e Ferdowsī ; also known as Moḩammadābād ) is a village in Dashtab Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Azor ( Hebrew : אָזוֹר ) ( also Azur ) is a small town ( local council ) in the Tel Aviv District of Israel , on the old Jaffa - Jerusalem road southeast of Tel Aviv .
Llandysul is a small town and community in the county of Ceredigion , Wales .
Zilupe Municipality ( Latvian : Zilupes novads ) is a municipality in the historical region of Latgale , and the Latgale Planning Region in Latvia .
Gervais High School ( formerly Gervais Union High School ) is a public high school in Gervais , Oregon , United States .
Village of Columbus and Camp Furlong is an historic district that includes portions of what is now the town of Columbus , New Mexico , Pancho Villa State Park , and an airfield , all in Columbus , New Mexico .
Darin Su ( Persian : درين سو‎ , also Romanized as Darīn Sū ) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District , Nazarkahrizi District , Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Château de l'Herm is a castle in the commune of Rouffignac - Saint - Cernin - de - Reilhac in the départment of Dordogne in the Aquitane region of France .
Baba Bozorg ( Persian : بابابزرگ‎ , also Romanized as Bābā Bozorg and Bāba Buzurg ; also known as Emāmzādeh Ebrāhīm and Emāmzādeh - ye Shāhzādeh Ebrāhīm ) is a village in Itivand - e Jonubi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Abu Tayur - e Seh ( Persian : ابوطيورسه‎ , also Romanized as Abū Ţayūr - e Seh ) is a village in Shoaybiyeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , Shadravan District , Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Urban Grace Church , formerly First Baptist Church , was built in a Gothic Revival style in 1924 by Heath , Gove and Bell ( see Frederick Heath ) in Tacoma , Washington .
Adelaide Oval is a stadium in Adelaide , South Australia , located in the parklands between the city centre and North Adelaide .
Olympia Regional Airport ( IATA : OLM , ICAO : KOLM , FAA LID : OLM ) is a public use airport located four nautical miles ( 7 km ) south of the central business district of Olympia , a city in Thurston County and the capital of the U.S. state of Washington .
Risti Parish ( Estonian : Risti vald ) was a rural municipality in Lääne County , Estonia , that existed from 1992 to 2013 .
Limburg ( Lahn ) station is a station of the city of Limburg an der Lahn in the German state of Hesse .
The Opa - locka Bank ( also known as the First Baptist Church ) is a historic bank in Opa - locka , Florida .
Issaquah High School is a four - year public secondary school in Issaquah , Washington , a suburb east of Seattle .
Fort Hill High School is a four - year public high school in Cumberland , Maryland , United States , with about 900 students in grades 9 through 12 .
Almondsbury is a large village near junction 16 of the M5 motorway , in South Gloucestershire , England , and a civil parish which also includes the villages of Hortham , Gaunt 's Earthcott , Over , Easter Compton , Compton Greenfield , and Hallen ..
Simlak ( Gujarati સીમલક ; Hindi सीमलक ) is a village in Navsari district , Gujarat , India .
The Devils Playground is a large sandy region in the Mojave Desert in the state of California in the United States .
San Joaquin Light and Power Corporation Building is an historic 11-storey , 52.8 m ( 173 ft ) high - rise in downtown Fresno , California .
Qalandar - e Laki ( Persian : قلندرلكي‎ , also Romanized as Qalandar - e Lakī ) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District , Mahidasht District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Kärntner Straße ( English : Carinthian Street ) is the most famous shopping street in central Vienna .
Golßener Land is a former Amt ( `` municipal federation '' ) in the district of Dahme - Spreewald , in Brandenburg , Germany .
Sprinkange ( Luxembourgish : Sprénkeng , German : Sprinkingen ) is a small town in the commune of Dippach , in south - western Luxembourg .
Greer Spring is a first magnitude spring located in the southeast portion of the Ozark Plateau , in Oregon County in south - central Missouri within the boundaries of the Mark Twain National Forest .
Boge Church ( Swedish : Boge kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church not far from Slite on the Swedish island of Gotland , in the Diocese of Visby .
Karkamış , aka Kargamış , is a town and district of Gaziantep Province in southeastern Turkey , next to the site of ancient Karkemish .
Siegerswoude ( West Frisian : Sigerswâld ) is a village consisting of about 875 inhabitants in the municipality of Opsterland in eastern Friesland , the Netherlands .
Palgadh is a village in Dapoli taluka , Ratnagiri district , Maharashtra state , India , between Mandangadh and Khed , best known as the boyhood home of Pandurang Sadashiv Sane .
Niczonów ( niˈt͡ʂɔnuf ) ( German : Nitznow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karnice , within Gryfice County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Tudor City is an apartment complex located on the southern edge of Turtle Bay on the East Side of Manhattan in New York City , near Turtle Bay 's border with Kips Bay .
Buono Beach is a small shorefront public park in the New York City borough of Staten Island , in the neighborhood of Rosebank , at the foot of Hylan Boulevard .
Kasrab ( Persian : كسراب‎ , also Romanized as Kasrāb ) is a village in Momenabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Barre Falls Dam is located on the Ware River in Barre , Massachusetts , about 0.3 mile ( 0.48 km ) below the junction of the river 's east and west branches and 13 miles ( 21 km ) northwest of Worcester , Massachusetts .
Ostrza ( ˈɔstʂa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Debrzno , within Człuchów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Khazineh ( Persian : خزينه‎ , also Romanized as Khazīneh ; also known as Salāmāt and Salāmāt Khazīneh ) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District , in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Leylaneh ( Persian : ليلانه‎ , also Romanized as Leylāneh , Laylāneh , and Līlaneh ) is a village in Gavork - e Sardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
WSJC ( 810 AM ) is a radio station licensed to serve Magee , Mississippi .
Kahzadvand ( Persian : كهزادوند‎ , also Romanized as Kahzādvand ) is a village in Miyankuh - e Sharqi Rural District , Mamulan District , Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Grajewo County ( Polish : powiat grajewski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Podlaskie Voivodeship , north - eastern Poland .
Mehrabad - e Tudehrud ( Persian : مهرابادتوده رود‎ , also Romanized as Mehrābād - e Tūdehrūd and Mehrābād - e Tovahrūd ) is a village in Kakavand - e Sharqi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Mwadingusha is a community in the Kambove Territory of Haut Katanga District in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Zdroiska ( ˈzdrɔi̯ska ) ( German : Krummelsborn ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn - Zdrój , within Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Carbon Glacier is located on the north slope of Mount Rainier in the U.S. state of Washington and is the source of the Carbon River .
The Astuvansalmi rock paintings ( Finnish : Astuvansalmen kalliomaalaukset ) are located in Ristiina , Mikkeli , Southern Savonia , Finland at the shores of the lake Yövesi , which is a part of the large lake Saimaa .
Nivar - e Sofla ( Persian : نيوارسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Nīvār - e Soflá ; also known as Nevārdūmen and Nīvār - e Pā’īn Jāvīd ) is a village in Sornabad Rural District , Hamaijan District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Eugenia Apartments in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon is a two - story apartment building listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Mingus Mountain ( Yavapai : Hwa : lkyañaña ) is a mountain located in the U.S. state of Arizona in the Black Hills mountain range .
The White Bay Power Station is a heritage listed former coal - fired power station on a 38,000 m2 ( 410,000 sq ft ) site in White Bay , in the suburb of Rozelle , 3 km ( 2 mi ) from Sydney in New South Wales , Australia .
Aultiphurst was settled as a clearance village mostly from the Naver Highland clearances .
Immokolee ( also known as the Dorothy Binney Palmer House ) is a historic home in Fort Pierce , Florida .
Ardtoe ( Scottish Gaelic : Àird Tobha ) is a place in Highland , Scotland .
Khlebino ( Russian : Хлебино ) is a village ( selo ) in Tengushevsky District of the Republic of Mordovia .
Liupanshui ( simplified Chinese : 六盘水 ; traditional Chinese : 六盤水 ; pinyin : Liùpánshuǐ ) is a city in western Guizhou province , People 's Republic of China .
Benxi ( Chinese : 本溪 ; pinyin : Běnxī ) is a prefecture - level city located in the east of Liaoning province , People 's Republic of China , south - southeast of Shenyang .
Oberpframmern is a community in the Upper Bavarian district of Ebersberg and a member of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft ( administrative community ) of Glonn .
Tazehabad - e Karsavan ( Persian : تازه ابادكرسوان‎ , also Romanized as Tāzehābād - e Karsavān ; also known as Tāzehābād ) is a village in Bavaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Old Middletown Post Office , in Middletown , Connecticut , also known as the U.S. Post Office , was built in 1916 .
Janczewko ( janˈt͡ʂɛfkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabne , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Dorchester Shores Reservation is a Massachusetts state park consisting of three non - contiguous areas totaling 44 acres ( 18 ha ) along the eastern edge of the Dorchester section of Boston .
Beachampton is a village and civil parish beside the River Great Ouse in the Aylesbury Vale district of Buckinghamshire , England .
Kobyłczyna ( kɔbɨu̯ˈt͡ʂɨna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Laskowa , within Limanowa County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Edmonton International Speedway , also known as Speedway Park , was a 251-acre ( 1.02 km2 ) multi - track auto racing facility located in the present Cumberland and Hudson neighbourhoods of Edmonton , Alberta , Canada .
Gates Mills Methodist Episcopal Church ( also known as St. Christopher's - by - the - River ) is a historic church on Old Mill Road off U.S. 322 in Gates Mills , Ohio .
The Florence McClure Women 's Correctional Center ( FMWCC , originally the Southern Nevada Women 's Correctional Facility ) in North Las Vegas , Nevada .
Luzira lies in Nakawa Division , one of the five administrative divisions of Kampala .
Dylaki ( dɨˈlaki ) ( German Dylocken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozimek , within Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Estádio Fredis Saldívar , commonly known as Douradão , is a multi - use stadium in Dourados , Brazil .
Jujahi ( Persian : جوجهي‎ , also Romanized as Jūjahī ) is a village in Sumay - ye Jonubi Rural District , Sumay - ye Beradust District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Halasinakatte is a remote village located in Sirsi Taluk of Uttara Kannada district of Karnataka .
Jarczew ( ˈjart͡ʂɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Mysłowska , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Dalekie - Tartak ( daˈlɛkʲɛ ˈtartak ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brańszczyk , within Wyszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Civil War Museum of Philadelphia ( formerly the Civil War and Underground Railroad Museum of Philadelphia and previously the Civil War Library and Museum ) in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , claims to be the oldest chartered American Civil War institution in the United States .
The Wasgau ( German : Wasgau , French : Vasgovie ) is a Franco - German hill range in the German state of Rhineland - Palatinate and the French departments of Bas - Rhin and Moselle .
Klimczyce ( klimˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sarnaki , within Łosice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ap Chau Mei Pak Tun Pai ( Chinese : 鴨洲尾白墩排 ) is a small island in the New Territories of Hong Kong .
The Parker Mill , also known as Parker Mill Park or Parker Mill Complex , is a mill located at 4650 Geddes Road , east of Ann Arbor , Michigan .
Domaników ( dɔmaˈnikuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodów , within Koło County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Hover Church ( Hover kirke ) is located approximately 2 kilometres ( 1.2 mi ) west of the village of Hover in Ringkøbing - Skjern Municipality , Denmark .
Ślazewo ( ɕlaˈzɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Argonne National Laboratory is a science and engineering research national laboratory operated by UChicago Argonne LLC for the United States Department of Energy located near Lemont , Illinois , outside Chicago .
Pain Bisheh Sar ( Persian : پائين بيشه سر‎ , also Romanized as Pā’īn Bīsheh Sar ; also known as Bīsheh Sar Pā’īn ) is a village in Feyziyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Tarlab ( Persian : طرلاب‎ , also Romanized as Ţarlāb ; also known as Ţollāb , Shūrāb Tarlāb , and Tālāb ) is a village in Rahjerd - e Sharqi Rural District , Salafchegan District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Rheinhausen station is located in the Duisburg suburb of Rheinhausen in the Lower Rhine region of the German state of North Rhine - Westphalia .
Federal Creek is one of several major tributaries to the Hocking River in southeast Ohio .
Burlington - Edison High School ( commonly abbreviated to B - EHS ) is a public high school in Burlington , Washington .
The territory of Minden - Ravensberg is now within northeastern North Rhine - Westphalia and part of Ostwestfalen - Lippe .
The Palais Wilson in Geneva , Switzerland , is the current headquarters of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights .
Yingli Tower is a skyscraper in the Jeifangbei CBD area of Chongqing , China .
Xiangyin County ( simplified Chinese : 湘阴县 ; traditional Chinese : 湘陰縣 ; pinyin : Xiāngyīn xiàn ) is under the administration of Yueyang , Hunan province , China .
Birecik ( Greek and Latin : Birtha , Βίρθα ; Arabic : al - Bīrah البيرة‎ ; Kurdish : Bêrecûg‎ , Ottoman Turkish : بيره جك‎ ) , also formerly known as Bir and during the Crusades as Bile , is a town and district of Şanlıurfa Province of Turkey , on the River Euphrates .
Parchliny ( parˈxlinɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczerców , within Bełchatów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Gol Chal Sar ( Persian : گل چال سر‎ , also Romanized as Gol Chāl Sar ; also known as Kalleh Chāleh Sar ) is a village in Mehravan Rural District , in the Central District of Neka County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Tiree ( Scottish Gaelic : Tiriodh , pronounced ( ˈtʲʰiɾʲəɣ ) ) is the most westerly island in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland .
Haranak ( Persian : هرانك‎ , also Romanized as Harānak ) is a village in Alamut - e Pain Rural District , Rudbar - e Alamut District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Tork - e Gharbi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ترك غربي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Jowkar District , Malayer County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Excalibur Hotel and Casino is a hotel and casino located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise , Nevada , in the United States .
Welsh Auditorium was a 3,800-seat multi - purpose arena and convention center in Grand Rapids , Michigan .
Kalateh - ye Sorkh ( Persian : كلاته سرخ‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Sorkh , Kalāteh - i - Surkh , and Kalateh Sorkh ) is a village in Meyghan Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Ingersoll Tile Elevator , located in Ingersoll , Oklahoma , was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983 .
The Melius - Bentley House is a historic home located in the towns of Ancram , Columbia County and Pine Plains , Dutchess County , New York .
Zabari - ye Do ( Persian : زباري دو‎ , also Romanized as Zabārī - ye Do ) is a village in Miyan Ab Rural District , in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Alvanley is a small rural village and civil parish near the village of Helsby , in the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire , England .
Zongshizhuang ( Chinese : 总十庄镇 ) is a township - level division of Jinzhou , Shijiazhuang , Hebei , China .
Hound Run Airport ( FAA LID : 40X ) is a privately owned , public use airport located five nautical miles ( 6 mi , 9 km ) north of the central business district of Hallettsville , a city in Lavaca County , Texas , United States .
Rift Valley Province ( Swahili : Bonde la Ufa ) of Kenya , bordering Uganda , was one of Kenya 's 8 provinces , before the Kenyan general election , 2013 .
930 Fifth Avenue is a luxury apartment building on Fifth Avenue on the northeast corner of East 74th Street in Manhattan .
Noh , Burkina Faso is a town in the Sabce Department of Bam Province in northern - central Burkina Faso .
Parc écologique des Sansonnets or Parc Sansonnets ( English : Ecological Park of the Starlings ) is a forested natural reserve located in Brossard , Quebec .
Ziyang County ( simplified Chinese : 紫阳县 ; traditional Chinese : 紫陽縣 ; pinyin : Zǐyáng Xiàn ) is a county of Ankang , Shaanxi , China .
Czernikowice ( t͡ʂɛrnikɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Groß Tschirbsdorf , 2/18/1936 Sandwaldau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnów , within Legnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Qelinjlu ( Persian : قلينجلو‎ , also Romanized as Qelīnjlū ; also known as Qelenjlū and Qelīchlū ) is a village in Nazlu - e Shomali Rural District , Nazlu District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Washington Avenue Armory , officially known as the Washington Avenue Armory Sports and Convention Arena and listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Washington Avenue ( Tenth Battalion ) Armory , is now a multi - purpose arena in Albany , New York .
MacAlpine , Rebecca 's Lot is a historic home located at Ellicott City , Howard County , Maryland , United States .
Marrubiu , Marrùbiu in sardinian language , is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) northwest of Cagliari and about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) south of Oristano .
Chanute Air Force Base is a decommissioned United States Air Force facility , located in Champaign County , Illinois , south of and adjacent to Rantoul , Illinois , about 130 miles ( 210 km ) south of Chicago .
Basement Workshop was an Asian - American political and arts organization in New York City active from 1970 - 1986 .
Olang ( Italian : Valdaora ) is a comune ( municipality ) in South Tyrol in northern Italy , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) northeast of the city of Bolzano .
Pacs del Penedès , sometimes simply Pacs ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈpaks ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of Alt Penedès , Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
The East Orange Public Library is the free public library of East Orange , Essex County , New Jersey
Mundaring Weir is a dam ( and historically the adjoining locality ) located 39 kilometres ( 24 mi ) from Perth , Western Australia in the Darling Scarp .
Warren Woods Tower High School , commonly referred to as Tower , is a public high school in Warren , Michigan which educates students in grades 9 - -12 .
Ranch to Market Road 243 , Ranch Road 243 , or RM 243 , is a Ranch to Market Road in the U.S. state of Texas maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation ( TxDOT ) .
Lunetten is a neighbourhood in the southeastern part of the city of Utrecht , that has approximately 12.000 inhabitants .
Gavandag ( Persian : گوندگ‎‎ ; also known as Gavandak , Gavandok ) is a village in Najafabad Rural District , in the Central District of Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Lampert - Wildflower House is a home in the U.S. city of Belvidere , Boone County , Illinois .
Big Bay Dam was an earthen dam located 11 miles west of Purvis , Mississippi in Lamar County .
The O'Brien General Store and Post Office is a combined store and post office located at Schatzell and Charles streets in the hamlet of Rhinecliff , New York , USA , across from the community 's central plaza .
The San Miguel Chapel Site is an archeological site in Ventura , California , United States , at the location of the first outpost and center of operations that was established while the first Mission San Buenaventura was being constructed .
Kosamba is a city and a municipality situated in the Mangrol Taluka in Surat district in the Indian state of Gujarat .
Machzikei Hadas ( literally translated from Hebrew as ' Supporters of the law ' ) is a Modern Orthodox synagogue in South Ottawa , Ontario .
Płowizny ( pwɔˈvʲiznɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełżyce , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Springdale Mill Complex , also known as Springdale Flour Mill , is a historic grist mill complex located near Bartonsville , Frederick County , Virginia .
Kalleh Sir ( Persian : كله سير‎ , also Romanized as Kalleh Sīr ) is a village in Saroleh Rural District , Meydavud District , Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Marchwiel ( Welsh : Marchwiail ) is a village and a local government community , the lowest tier of local government , part of Wrexham County Borough in Wales .
Asb Khan ( Persian : اسبخان‎ , also Romanized as Asb Khān ; also known as Asp - e Khān and Aspikhan ) is a village in Bedevostan - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Heris County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Douglas Building is a building in southeast Portland , Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Cheqa Vaqfi ( Persian : چقاوقفي‎ , also Romanized as Cheqā Vaqfī ) is a village in Pishkuh - e Zalaqi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Albany Glassworks Site is an archeological site in Guilderland , Albany County , New York .
Warwick Mills , also known as James Mills with Jacob Hager House and Tenant House , is a historic grist mill complex located in Warwick Township , Chester County , Pennsylvania .
WRMU - FM is a non - commercial FM radio station at the University of Mount Union ( formally Mount Union College ) in Alliance , Ohio broadcasting at 91.1 MHz .
Kuh Pahn - e Sofla ( Persian : كوه پهن سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kūh Pahn - e Soflá ) is a village in Sepidar Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Antioch Missionary Baptist Church is a historic Baptist church at 313 Robin Street in Downtown Houston , Texas .
Contrexéville is a commune of north - eastern France , in the Vosges département .
Akhlamad - e Olya ( Persian : اخلمدعليا‎ , also Romanized as Akhlamad - e-''Olyā ; also known as Akhlamad , Akhlamad - e Bāla , and Akhlūmad ) is a village in Chenaran Rural District , in the Central District of Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Darreh Maru ( Persian : دره مارو‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Mārū ; also known as Darreh Māhrū ) is a village in Javid - e Mahuri Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Appleton Log Hall is a meeting hall in Appleton , a community in Klickitat County , Washington , United States .
The Clinton Furnace , is located in the Newfoundland section of West Milford in Passaic County , New Jersey , United States .
Fărău ( German : Brenndorf ; Hungarian : Magyarforró ) is a commune located in Alba County , Romania .
The Royal Palace of El Pardo ( Spanish : Palacio Real de El Pardo ) is a historical building near Madrid , Spain , in the present - day district of Fuencarral - El Pardo .
Chandranagar is a suburb of Palakkad town in Palakkad district , Kerala , south India .
The Feusier Octagon House is an historic octagonal house located at 1067 Green Street , in the Russian Hill neighborhood of San Francisco , California .
Choroń - Rajczykowizna ( ˈxɔrɔɲ rai̯t͡ʂɨkɔˈvizna ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Poraj , within Myszków County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Robert W Scherer Power Plant ( also known as Plant Scherer ) is a coal - fired power plant in Juliette , Georgia , just north of Macon , Georgia , in the United States .
Hohenlohe - Kirchberg was a German County located in northeastern Baden - Württemberg , Germany , around Kirchberg .
Coberley is a village and civil parish in the Cotswold District of Gloucestershire in England , 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) south of Cheltenham .
Coffs Harbour , in Australia , is a coastal city located on the north coast of New South Wales about 540 km ( 340 mi ) north of Sydney , and 390 km ( 240 mi ) south of Brisbane .
Swan Lake National Wildlife Refuge is a 10,795-acre ( 43.69 km2 ) National Wildlife Refuge established in 1937 and located in Chariton County , Missouri , 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) south of the town of Sumner .
Raymond James Stadium , also known as the `` Ray Jay '' , is a multipurpose football stadium located in Tampa , Florida .
Shakthan Thampuran Palace is situated in City of Thrissur in Kerala state , India .
The Bleriot Ferry is a ferry in Alberta , Canada .
The Kuiu Wilderness and Tebenkof Bay Wilderness are federally designated wilderness areas within the Tongass National Forest , located on Kuiu Island , Petersburg Census Area , Alaska .
Tonopah Airport ( IATA : TPH , ICAO : KTPH , FAA LID : TPH ) is a county owned , public use airport located seven nautical miles ( 13 km ) east of the central business district of Tonopah , in Nye County , Nevada , United States .
Kamranabad ( Persian : کامران آباد‎ , also Romanized as Kāmrānābād ) is a village in Qohab - e Rastaq Rural District , Amirabad District , Damghan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
The Eagle River Light is a decommissioned lighthouse at the mouth of the Eagle River in the community of Eagle River on the Keweenaw Peninsula in the U.S. state of Michigan .
Ozark Adventist Academy ( OAA ) is a private Christian co - educational college preparatory boarding school located near Gentry , Arkansas , United States .
Wasatch Mountain State Park is a state park of Utah , USA , located in the Heber Valley of Wasatch County near Midway .
East Barnet is an area of north London within the London Borough of Barnet bordered by New Barnet , Cockfosters and Southgate .
Mayne Junction railway station was a railway station on the North Coast railway line of Queensland , Australia .
Berkeley Park is a neighborhood located in West Midtown Atlanta , Georgia , United States .
Gandom Khvab ( Persian : گندم خواب‎ , also Romanized as Gandom Khvāb and Gandom Khavāb ) is a village in Darzab Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Brower 's Spring is a spring in the Centennial Mountains of Montana that was marked by a surveyor in 1888 as the ultimate headwaters of the Missouri River and thus the fourth longest river in the world , the 6,275 km - long Mississippi - Missouri River .
Laconia Municipal Airport ( IATA : LCI , ICAO : KLCI , FAA LID : LCI ) is a general aviation airport located three miles ( 5 km ) northeast of the central business district ( CBD ) of Laconia , a city in Belknap County , New Hampshire , USA .
Trevorrick is a hamlet near St Issey in north Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
The Peralta Community College District is the community college district serving northern Alameda County , California .
Kolonia Dzięcioły Dalsze ( kɔˈlɔɲa d͡ʑɛnˈt͡ɕɔwɨ ˈdalʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń , within Sokołów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Waterford , California is the eighth largest city in Stanislaus County , California , United States .
The Jubilee Walkway is an official walking route in London .
Camp - Woods , is a historic estate with associated buildings located at Villanova , Delaware County , Pennsylvania and built on a 400 ' high spot which had been a 200-man outpost of George Washington 's Army during the Valley Forge winter of 1777 - 8 .
Alpe di Neggia ( el . 1395 m. ) is a high mountain pass in the Swiss Alps in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Gerdangeh Sartaveh ( Persian : گردنگه سرطاوه‎ , also Romanized as Gerdangeh Sarṭāveh ) is a village in Bahmai - ye Garmsiri - ye Shomali Rural District , Bahmai - ye Garmsiri District , Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Lavisan ( Persian : لاويسان‎ , also Romanized as Lāvīsān ) is a village in Kumasi Rural District , in the Central District of Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
WJRE is a FM radio station licensed to Galva , Illinois , with studios in Kewanee , Illinois .
Skeppshult is a locality situated in Gislaved Municipality , Jönköping County , Sweden beside river Nissan .
The Moravian Cemetery at 2205 Richmond Road in New Dorp on Staten Island , New York is the largest cemetery on the island .
Catalina Airport ( IATA : AVX , ICAO : KAVX , FAA LID : AVX ) is a privately owned airport located six miles ( 10 km ) northwest of the central business district of Avalon , California in the middle of Catalina Island .
Saint Vladimir 's Orthodox Theological Seminary ( SVOTS ) is an Orthodox Christian seminary in Crestwood , New York , in the United States .
Bleggio Superiore ( German : Oberpless or Oberbletsch ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) west of Trento .
Yad La - Shiryon ( officially : The Armored Corps Memorial Site and Museum at Latrun , Hebrew : יד לשריון‎ ) is Israel 's official memorial site for fallen soldiers from the armored corps , as well as one of the most diverse tank museums in the world .
Myra Arboretum ( 26 acres ) , also called Larimore Arboretum , is located on the south branch of the Turtle River in Larimore , North Dakota .
Langthil Gewog ( Dzongkha : གླང་མཐིལ་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Trongsa District , Bhutan .
The Katonah Museum of Art is a non - collecting institution geared towards visual arts , located in Katonah , New York .
Tubrid or Tubbrid ( Irish : Tiobraid ) was formerly a civil and ecclesiastical parish situated between the towns of Cahir and Clogheen in County Tipperary , Ireland .
Hawfields Presbyterian Church is a historic Presbyterian church complex located near Mebane , Alamance County , North Carolina .
Inoujście ( inɔˈui̯ɕt͡ɕe ) ( German Ihnamünde ; both names mean `` Mouth of the Ina '' ) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Colonial Beacon Gas Station is a historic gas station at 474 Main Street in Stoneham , Massachusetts .
An Aird is both an area of Fort William , Scotland , and also the largest dedicated shinty park in the town and is situated on the east bank of Loch Linnhe , near the centre of the town .
Mała Karczma ( ˈmawa ˈkart͡ʂma ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniew , within Tczew County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Seyyed Ghazeban Fazeli ( Persian : سيدناصر فاضلي‎ , also Romanized as Seyyed Ghaz̤ebān Fāz̤elī ) is a village in Elhayi Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Alfred - Pellan ( formerly Duvernay and Laval East ) is a federal electoral district in Quebec , Canada , that has been represented in the House of Commons of Canada since 1968 .
Permsky Uyezd ( Russian : Пермский уезд ) was an administrative division of Perm Governorate , Russian Empire , existed until 1923 .
Building at 551 - 555 North Goodman Street is a historic commercial building located at Rochester in Monroe County , New York .
Dłutówka ( dwuˈtufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranowo , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Lamington River , known as the Black River upstream of Pottersville , is a tributary of the North Branch Raritan River in central New Jersey in the United States .
The Emily & Theodore Hope Forest is a 376-acre ( 152 ha ) permanent forest reservation located in Danbury , New Hampshire .
Sur Mandeh ( Persian : سورمنده‎ , also Romanized as Sūr Mandeh ; also known as Sīr Mandeh ) is a village in Manj Rural District , Manj District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Kehärata ( the Ring Rail Line , previously Marjarata , Swedish : Ringbanan ) is a railway route in the area of the city of Vantaa , in the Greater Helsinki Metropolitan Area of Finland .
The Gooding City of Rocks East Wilderness Study Area is a Bureau of Land Management wilderness study area that covers 14,743 acres ( 5,966 ha ) in Gooding County , Idaho between the towns of Gooding and Fairfield .
Barking Market ( also called Barking Town Centre Market ) is a market located in Barking in the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham in East London , England .
The Sam M. Vadalabene Center-- also known as `` The VC''-- is a multi - purpose sports and recreation building on the campus of Southern Illinois University Edwardsville ( SIUE ) that features an arena with a seating capacity of just over 4,000 .
Bhatpara ( Bengali : ভাটপাড়া ) is a suburban town and a municipality under Jagatdal police station of Barrackpore subdivision in North 24 Parganas district in the state of West Bengal , India .
Zardalan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان زردلان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Helilan District , Chardaval County , Ilam Province , Iran .
San Justo Dam is a dam and reservoir in San Benito County , California , about three miles southwest of Hollister .
The Metropolitan Museum of Manila ( nicknamed the Met ) is a museum located within the complex of the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas ( BSP ) along Roxas Boulevard in Malate , Manila , the Philippines .
Luyuan District ( simplified Chinese : 绿园区 ; traditional Chinese : 綠園區 ; pinyin : Lùyuán Qū ) is one of six districts of Changchun , the capital of Jilin province , People 's Republic of China , forming part of the city 's urban core .
Giverny ( French pronunciation : ​(ʒi.vɛʁ.ni ) ) is a commune in the Eure department in northern France .
Iochdar ( Scottish Gaelic : An t - Ìochdair ) , also spelled Eochar , is a hamlet and community on the west coast of the island of South Uist , in the Outer Hebrides , Scotland .
Yuzbash Kandi ( Persian : يوزباش كندي‎ , also Romanized as Yūzbāsh Kandī ) is a village in Gavdul - e Markazi Rural District , in the Central District of Malekan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Dead Mountains are a mountain range in the southeastern Mojave Desert , in San Bernardino County , California .
Gambier Terrace ( Liverpool , England ) is a street of 19th - century houses overlooking St. James 's Mount and Gardens and Liverpool Cathedral .
Banestan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بنستان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Behabad County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Santa Rosa Junior College ( SRJC ) is a community college located in the city of Santa Rosa in Sonoma County , California .
Watkins Mill Town Center is a transit oriented development proposed in Gaithersburg , Maryland .
Western Carolina Regional Airport ( ICAO : KRHP , FAA LID : RHP ) is a county - owned public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) west of the central business district of Andrews , in Cherokee County , North Carolina , United States .
Kal Arden ( Persian : كل اردن‎ , also Romanized as Kal Ārden ) is a village in Gavkan Rural District , in the Central District of Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Radicofani is a comune in the Province of Siena in the Italian region Tuscany , located in the natural park of Val D ' Orcia about 110 kilometres ( 68 mi ) southeast of Florence and about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) southeast of Siena .
Châteaubleau is a commune in the Seine - et - Marne département in the Île - de - France région in north - central France .
Carmo da Cachoeira is a Brazilian municipality in the south of the state of Minas Gerais .
Mackinac Island ( /ˈmækᵻnɔː/ MAK - in - aw ) is an island and resort area , covering 3.8 square miles ( 9.8 km2 ) in land area , in the U.S. state of Michigan .
Lake Joondalup is a medium - sized freshwater lake in Perth , Western Australia .
Diamanten ( `` The Diamond '' ) or Oksenøyveien 3 is an office building located at Fornebu in Bærum , Norway .
El Paso High School is the oldest operating high school in El Paso , Texas and is part of the El Paso Independent School District .
Katni district ( Hindi : कटनी जिला ) is one of the 51 districts of Madhya Pradesh state in central India .
Miralago is a small village in the Poschiavo valley , at the southern end of the Lago di Poschiavo .
Leszczka Mała ( ˈlɛʂt͡ʂka ˈmawa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Perlejewo , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Żużela ( ʐuˈʐɛla ) ( German Zuzella ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krapkowice , within Krapkowice County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Picton Airport ( TC LID : CNT7 ) is located on the southeast side of Picton , Ontario , Canada , near the Bay of Quinte on Lake Ontario .
Campos del Malecón , also known as simply El Malecón or Estadio El Malecón , is a stadium in Torrelavega , Spain .
Khar Gewog ( Dzongkha : མཁར་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Pemagatshel District , Bhutan .
Águas de São Pedro ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈaɡwas di sɐ̃w̃ ˈpedɾu ) ) is a Brazilian municipality of the state of São Paulo .
Dowleh Khargush ( Persian : دوله خرگوش‎ , also Romanized as Dowleh Khargūsh ) is a village in Manj Rural District , Manj District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Mixbury is a village and civil parish in Oxfordshire , about 2.5 miles ( 4 km ) southeast of Brackley in Northamptonshire .
Harrold Airport ( FAA LID : B25 ) is a public use airport in DeKalb County , Indiana , United States .
Eshkat Deraz ( Persian : اشكت دراز‎ , also Romanized as Eshkat Derāz ) is a village in Godeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Ghallehzar ( Persian : غله زار‎ , also Romanized as Ghallehzār ) is a village in Qazi Jahan Rural District , Howmeh District , Azarshahr County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Essaqwand Rock Tombs ( Persian : گوردخمه اسحاق‌وند‎ ) are three rock - hewn tombs located 25 km southwest of Harsin in Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Sarai Mir is a town and a Nagar Panchayat in Azamgarh district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
Randolph School is an American independent private kindergarten - through-12th - grade college preparatory school chartered in 1959 in Huntsville , Madison County , Alabama .
Ballyliffin ( Irish : Baile Lifin ) is a small village located in the North Western tip of Inishowen , County Donegal , Ireland .
Fengguantun ( Chinese : 冯官屯镇 ) is a town in Chiping County , Liaocheng , in western Shandong province , China .
Podłążek ( pɔdˈwɔ̃ʐɛk ) ( German : Reinholdshof ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz , within Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Varzard - e Sofla ( Persian : ورزردسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Varzard - e Soflá ; also known as Varzard - e Pā``īn ) is a village in Margha Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 54 , in 12 families .
Sineh Namak ( Persian : سينه نمك‎ , also Romanized as Sīneh Namak ) is a village in Sadat Mahmudi Rural District , Pataveh District , Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Green Valley Raceway was a motorsports race track located in North Richland Hills , Texas , and was part of the Dallas--
Rainci Donji ( Cyrillic : Раинци Доњи ) is a village in the municipality of Kalesija , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Kunnukara(കുന്നുകര ) is a census town and panchayat in Paravur Taluk of Ernakulam district , Kerala , India .
Halqeh Basteh ( Persian : حلقه بسته‎ , also Romanized as Ḩalqeh Basteh ) is a village in Gasht Rural District , in the Central District of Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Lawnwood Stadium is a football ( both soccer and gridiron ) stadium facility in the City of Fort Pierce , Florida .
Vachad ( Persian : وچاد‎ , also Romanized as Vachād ) is a village in Sorkhkola Rural District , in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Dark Canyon Wilderness , in the heart of southeast Utah 's canyon country , is named for its high steep walls that narrow in the lower section so that they block the light in the morning and late afternoon .
The Moreno Valley Mall at Towngate is a shopping mall located on the former site of the Riverside International Raceway in Moreno Valley , California .
Evard ( Persian : اوارد‎ , also Romanized as Evārd ; also known as Avārd ) is a village in Tuskacheshmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Galugah County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Natural Bridge Park near Natural Bridge , Alabama , is park in Winston County , Alabama , that has been open since 1954 .
Monmouth Medical Center Southern Campus , formerly Kimball Medical Center and before that , Paul Kimball Hospital , is a hospital located in Lakewood Township , New Jersey , United States , that serves parts of northern Ocean County and southern Monmouth County .
Naudanda is a village in Kaski District in the Gandaki Zone of northern - central Nepal .
Chah - e Rahim , Corrin ( Persian : چاه رحیم‎‎ ) is a village in Shuru Rural District , in the Corrin of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Tazeh Kand - e Shur ( Persian : تازه كندشور‎ , also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand - e Shūr ; also known as Shūr - e Tāzeh Kand ) is a village in Owch Tappeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Constellation Place ( formerly MGM Tower ) is a 35-story , 492-foot ( 150 m ) skyscraper in the Los Angeles , California community of Century City .
Bukavu is part of the ancient territory of Bushi Kingdom , the main ethnic group of South - Kivu .
Chew Magna is a village and civil parish within the Chew Valley in the Unitary Authority of Bath and North East Somerset , in the Ceremonial county of Somerset , England .
Pisheh Gun ( Persian : پيشه گون‎ , also Romanized as Pīsheh Gūn ) is a village in Dezhgan Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Dimeh Darb ( Persian : ديمه درب‎ , also Romanized as Dīmeh Darb , Deymeh Darb , and Deymeh Derb ; also known as Deyme Derb ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Haftgel County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Freeman Municipal Airport ( IATA : SER , ICAO : KSER , FAA LID : SER ) is a public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) southwest of the central business district of Seymour , a city in Jackson County , Indiana , United States .
The Flechtingen Hills ( German : Flechtinger Höhenzug ) are a wooded , hilly upland area up to 179 m high in the northwestern part of the German state of Saxony - Anhalt , named after the town of Flechtingen .
Winfield , Texas is a small city in Titus County , Texas , United States .
Security Square Mall is a large mall in the suburbs of Baltimore , Maryland , United States .
The Grover Cleveland Birthplace is a New Jersey State Historic Site and National Historic Place located in Caldwell , Essex County , New Jersey , United States .
The Ketchaoua Mosque ( Arabic : جامع كتشاوة‎ , Djamaa Ketchaoua ) is a mosque in Algiers , the capital of Algeria .
Khvor Jahan ( Persian : خورجهان‎ , also Romanized as Khvor Jahān and Khūrjahān ) is a village in Anguran Rural District , Anguran District , Mahneshan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Kromberk ( pronounced ( ˈkɾoːmbɛɾk ) ; Italian : Moncorona , German : Cronberg bei Görz ) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Nova Gorica in western Slovenia .
Skivika ( also called Skeidarvik and Skjærvika ) is a village in the municipality of Fredrikstad , Norway .
Thirumalaisamudram is a village in Thanjavur taluk of Thanjavur district , Tamil Nadu .
Northeast Manual Training School , also known as Edison High School , was a historic school building located in the Fairhill neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Hillsdale Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KJYM , FAA LID : JYM ) is a public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) east of the central business district of Hillsdale , in Hillsdale County , Michigan , United States .
The Madisonville Site is a prehistoric archaeological site near Mariemont , Ohio , United States .
Shahbazlu ( Persian : شهبازلو‎ , also Romanized as Shahbāzlū ) is a village in Angut - e Sharqi Rural District , Anguti District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Astor Row is the name given to 28 row houses on the south side of West 130th Street between Fifth and Lenox Avenues in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City , which were among the first speculative townhouses built in the area .
Occidental College is a private , co - educational liberal arts college located in the Eagle Rock , Los Angeles , California , United States .
Dunyvaig Castle , ( Scottish Gaelic : Dùn Naomhaig , Anglicised Fort of the galleys , also known as Dunnyveg ) is located on the south side of Islay , in Argyll , Scotland , on the shore of Lagavulin Bay , 4 kilometres ( 2.5 mi ) from Port Ellen .
The General Nathanael Greene Homestead is a historic house at 20 Taft Street in Coventry , Rhode Island , known as Spell Hall .
Rispescia ( Italian : ( riˈspeʃʃa ) ) , or Santa Maria di Rispescia , is a small town in southern Tuscany , a frazione of the comune of Grosseto , situated about 10 km south - east of the capital , right outside the Natural Park of Maremma , near the frazione of Alberese .
Siskiyou Summit ( also Siskiyou Mtn . Summit ; also referred to as Siskiyou Pass ) is a summit ( high point ) on Interstate 5 ( I-5 ) in the U.S. state of Oregon .
The 12,168-foot ( 3,709 m ) peak is located in Gunnison National Forest , 2.1 miles ( 3.4 km ) northeast by east ( bearing 59 ° ) of the Town of Crested Butte in Gunnison County , Colorado , United States .
Jiangyin ( simplified Chinese : 江阴 ; traditional Chinese : 江陰 ; pinyin : Jiāngyīn ; Wade -- Giles : Chiangyin , Jiangyin dialect : ( kɐ̞ŋ.jɪŋ ) ) is a county - level city on the southern bank of the Yangtze River , and is administered by Wuxi , Jiangsu province .
Dzierzków ( ˈd͡ʑeʂkuf ) ( German : Dätzdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobromierz , within Świdnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Kishkenekol ( translates from Kazakh as `` small lake '' ) is the administrative center of Ualikhanov District , North Kazakhstan Region .
Muchów ( ˈmuxuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Męcinka , within Jawor County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Zhoukou ( Chinese : 周口 ; pinyin : Zhōukǒu ; postal : Chowkow ) is a prefecture - level city in eastern Henan province , China .
Kluszkowce ( kluʂˈkɔft͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czorsztyn , within Nowy Targ County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Ezhou ( Chinese : 鄂州 ; pinyin : Èzhōu ) is a prefecture - level city in eastern Hubei Province , China .
Fort King ( also known as Camp King or Cantonment King ) was a United States military fort in north central Florida , near what later developed as the city of Ocala .
Fissile Peak , formerly known as Red Mountain , is a mountain peak located on the eastern side of Cheakamus Lake southeast of Whistler in Garibaldi Provincial Park of British Columbia , Canada .
Velké Hamry ( German : Großhammer ) is a town and municipality in Jablonec nad Nisou District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic .
Forrest Lake Townhomes is a 243 townhome community in Northwest Houston , Texas ( USA ) .
The Byrd Theatre is a cinema in the Carytown neighborhood of Richmond , Virginia .
WVEL ( 1140 AM ) is a daytimer radio station with a city of license of Pekin , Illinois , USA , and serving the Peoria , Illinois , area .
The Ship Canal Bridge is a double - deck steel truss bridge that carries Interstate 5 over Seattle 's Portage Bay ( part of the Lake Washington Ship Canal , after which it is named ) between Capitol Hill and the University District .
Heilbronn - Franken is a region in northeastern Baden - Württemberg , Germany , in the Stuttgart subdivision ( Regierungsbezirk ) .
Trenton Dam is a dam on the Republican River in Nebraska , standing in Hitchcock County in the southwestern part of the state .
Roslindale Baptist Church is an historic Baptist church at 52 Cummins Highway in the Roslindale neighborhood of Boston , Massachusetts .
Garkhashab ( Persian : گرخشاب‎ , also Romanized as Garkhashāb ; also known as Garkhashāb - e `` Abdī and Garkhashāb - e Soflá ) is a village in Zirtang Rural District , Kunani District , Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 690 , in 127 families .
Big Knife Provincial Park is a small provincial park in central Alberta , Canada .
WRBV ( 101.7 FM , `` V101.7 '' ) is a radio station serving the Macon , Georgia area with an urban adult contemporary format .
Gavmish Goli ( Persian : گاوميش گلي‎ , also Romanized as Gāvmīsh Golī ) is a village in Zarrineh Rud - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Odessa / Strawberry Lakes Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CSL7 ) , is located 5.2 nautical miles ( 9.6 km ; 6.0 mi ) north northeast of Odessa , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Jądrowice ( jɔndrɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brześć Kujawski , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Marangoly is a small village in the Kottayam district of Kerala , India , on the border of Ernakulam district .
Villalmanzo is a village and municipality of the province of Burgos , in the autonomous community of Castile and León , Spain .
Goonlaze is a hamlet in the parish of Stithians , Cornwall , England .
Lion Country Safari is a drive - through safari park located in Loxahatchee ( near West Palm Beach ) , in Palm Beach County , Florida .
Cottered is a village and civil parish 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) west of Buntingford and 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) east of Baldock in the East Hertfordshire District of Hertfordshire in England .
Seh Kolah ( Persian : سه كلاه‎‎ , also Romanized as Seh Kolāh ) is a village in Tang - e Haft Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Freeby is a village and civil parish in the Melton district of Leicestershire , England , about three miles east of Melton Mowbray .
Qeshlaq Baba Rostam ( Persian : قشلاق بابارستم‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq Bābā Rostam ; also known as Qeshlāq ) is a village in Shaban Rural District , in the Central District of Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Harabdeh ( Persian : حرب ده‎ , also Romanized as Ḩarabdeh ) is a village in Harazpey - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahmudabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Shehong County ( Chinese : 射洪县 ; pinyin : Shèhóng Xiàn ) is a county in central Sichuan province of China , belonging to Suining city .
Hagaparken ( `` Haga Park '' ) , or simply Haga in Solna Municipality just north of Stockholm , Sweden is a vast and popular nature area , with large parks , lakes , woods and gardens .
Mahidasht Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ماهيدشت‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Mahidasht District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Studio Museum in Harlem , located at 144 West 125th Street between Adam Clayton Powell , Jr. Boulevard and Lenox Avenue in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City is an American contemporary art museum which is devoted to the work of African - Americans artists of the 19th and 20th centuries .
Sept - Fons Abbey , Notre - Dame de Sept - Fons or Notre - Dame de Saint - Lieu Sept - Fons is a Trappist monastery at Diou in Bourbonnais in the diocese of Moulins in France .
Foshuta ( fɔsˈxuta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kiszewa , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Chestermere ( Kirkby Field ) Airport , ( TC LID : CFX8 ) , is located 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ; 2.3 mi ) east of Chestermere , Alberta , Canada .
Chahar Angaj - e Jowkar ( Persian : چهارانگج جوكار‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Angaj - e Jowkār ) is a village in Margown Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Bijur ( Kannada - ಬಿಜುರ್ ) is a hamlet located in Udupi District of Karnataka state in India .
The General Felix K. Zollicoffer Monument in Pulaski County , Kentucky , near Nancy , Kentucky , commemorates the death of Confederate Gen. Felix K. Zollicoffer , who died here at the Battle of Mill Springs .
The London Mills Bridge was one of nine metal highway bridges in Fulton County , Illinois listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
The General Building , also called the Tennessee General Building or the First Bank Building , is an office high - rise located in downtown Knoxville , Tennessee , United States .
Brighton Secondary College is a Year 7 to 12 co - educational public secondary school , located in the City of Bayside , Brighton East , Victoria , Australia .
Dumpagadapa is a village and panchayat under Akividu mandal located in the West Godavari district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Khomeyni Shahr County ( Persian : شهرستان خمینی‌شهر‎ ) is a county in Isfahan Province in Iran .
Drzewiny ( dʐɛˈvinɨ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kiszewa , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Ampthill is a small town and civil parish in Bedfordshire , England , between Bedford and Luton , with a population of about 7,500 .
Arnar Stadium ( Armenian : Արնար մարզադաշտ ) is an all - seater stadium in Ijevan , Armenia .
Igreja de Nossa Senhora da Conceição do Colégio dos Jesuítas is a church in Santarém , Portugal .
Walter French Academy , also known as the Walter French Academy of Business and Technology and the Walter French Junior High School is a 3-story building located at the corner of Mount Hope and Cedar in Lansing , Michigan .
Połchówko ( pɔu̯ˈxufkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krokowa , within Puck County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Wola Górecka ( ˈvɔla ɡuˈrɛt͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzozów , within Brzozów County , Podkarpackie Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The Chuck Keiper Trail ( CKT ) is a long - distance backpacking trail that is lightly used and goes through some of the wildest and most visually arresting public lands in Pennsylvania , offering remarkable solitude .
The Maggie L. Walker National Historic Site is a United States National Historic Landmark and a National Historic Site located at 110½ E. Leigh Street on `` Quality Row '' in the Jackson Ward neighborhood of Richmond , Virginia .
Clemenstone or Clemenston ( Welsh : Treglement ) is a hamlet located in the western part of the Vale of Glamorgan , southeast Wales , southeast of Bridgend .
Janakpur Road is a city and a notified area in Sitamarhi district in the Indian state of Bihar .
Jaÿsinia ( 3.7 hectares ) is a botanical garden specializing in alpine flowers , located in Samoëns , Haute - Savoie , Rhône - Alpes , France .
Sosnka ( ˈsɔsŋka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Kamienica , within Jelenia Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Ynyswen is a village in the community of Treorchy , in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales .
Borjuk ( Persian : برجوك‎ , also Romanized as Borjūk ) is a village in Kakhk Rural District , Kakhk District , Gonabad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Brantford Golf & Country Club is a private golf course and curling club located in Brantford , Ontario , Canada .
The Country Heritage Park ( Formerly the Ontario Agricultural Museum ) is located next to Highway 401 and the Niagara Escarpment in Milton , Ontario , Canada , and recreates rural life in the 19th century in Ontario .
Montgomery Hill Baptist Church is a historic church on the east side of Highway 59 on CR 80 in Tensaw , Alabama .
The Livingston Depot is a restored 1902 Northern Pacific Railroad ( NP ) train station anchoring the downtown historic district of Livingston , Montana .
The Withers Building , also known as the Winthrop Training School or W.T.S. , is an historic building complex located at 611 Myrtle Drive on the campus of Winthrop University in Rock Hill , South Carolina .
The River Dell Regional School District is a regional school district serving students in seventh through twelfth grades from the Bergen County , New Jersey communities of Oradell and River Edge .
Annopol - Rachów ( Polish pronunciation : ( ' anˈnɔpɔl ˈraxuf ) ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Annopol , within Kraśnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Partenstein lies in the Main Spessart Region in the middle of the Spessart ( range ) on the left bank of the river Lohr , some 7 km northwest of the town of Lohr am Main .
Damegunta is a village in Kodavalur mandal , situated in Nellore district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
The Newman Brothers Building is a former commercial building in Joplin , Missouri .
Mae Kon ( Thai : แม่กรณ์ ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mueang Chiang Rai District , in Chiang Rai Province , Thailand .
Dronningmølle is a seaside resort town in Esbønderup parish , Gribskov Municipality in the Capital Region of Denmark , of eastern Denmark .
Khersdar Darreh Dimeh ( Persian : خرسدردره ديمه‎‎ , also Romanized as Khersdar Darreh Dīmeh ) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District , Zagheh District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Port of Tacoma is an independent seaport located in Tacoma , Washington .
Shahrak - e Yaser ( Persian : شهرك ياسر‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Yāser ) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District , Abezhdan District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Ukaidam is an area located in Surat , India .
NYC Health + Hospitals / Coney Island , formerly known as Coney Island Hospital , is a public hospital located in the Coney Island neighborhood of Brooklyn , New York City .
Racławiczki ( rat͡swaˈvit͡ʂki ) , ( German : Rasselwitz ; 1939 - 1945 Roßtal O. S ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzeleczki , within Krapkowice County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Baldernock ( /bælˈdɜrnək/ ; Gaelic : Baile Deàrnaig ) is a small parish in East Dunbartonshire ( formerly in Stirlingshire ) , Scotland , ten miles ( 16 km ) to the north of Glasgow 's city centre .
The Packard Proving Grounds ( the remains of which are now called the Packard Proving Grounds Gateway Complex ) , was a proving ground established in Shelby Charter Township , Michigan in 1927 by the Packard Motor Car Company of Detroit .
Varina Farms , also known as Varina Plantation or Varina Farms Plantation or `` Varina on the James '' , is a plantation established by John Rolfe on the James River about 40 miles upstream from the first settlement at Jamestown in the Virginia Colony , and across the river from Sir Thomas Dale 's 1611 settlement at Henricus .
KBYU - FM is a classical music radio station run by Brigham Young University in Provo , Utah .
The Centrum LIM skyscraper was built in 1989 in the center of Warsaw , Poland , by LIM Joint Venture Sp . Ltd. , a consortium of three partners :
Kantakapalli or Kantakapalle is a village and panchayat in Kothavalasa mandal of Vizianagaram district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Schloss Stainz is a former monastery of the Augustinian Canons in Stainz in Styria , Austria .
The Winter Garden Theatre is a Broadway theatre located at 1634 Broadway between 50th and 51st Streets in midtown Manhattan .
Ojarud - e Markazi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان اجارودمركزئ‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Kyle of Lochalsh ( from the Scottish Gaelic Caol Loch Aillse , `` strait of the foaming loch '' ) is a village on the northwest coast of Scotland , 63 miles ( 100 km ) west of Inverness .
The Staller Center for the Arts is the main arts building at the State University of New York at Stony Brook .
The Greene Inn was an historic summer resort hotel at 175 Ocean Road in Narragansett , Rhode Island .
Suchoczasy ( suxɔˈt͡ʂasɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduńska Wola , within Zduńska Wola County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Bar Aftab - e Chel Khorasan ( Persian : برافتابچل خرسان‎ , also Romanized as Bar Āftāb - e Chel Khorasān ; also known as Bar Āftāb ) is a village in Shalal and Dasht - e Gol Rural District , in the Central District of Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Emamzadeh Zakaria ( Persian : امامزاده زكريا‎ , also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Zakarīā ; also known as Emāmzādeh Ḩaẕrat - e Zakarīā ) is a village in Soghan Rural District , Soghan District , Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Patsy Cline House at 608 S. Kent St. , in a working - class neighborhood of Winchester , Virginia was the home from 1948 to 1953 of Virginia Patterson Hensley , who later became the country music star known as Patsy Cline .
The Nankin Mills Nature Center is a historic and nature interpretive center located at 33175 Ann Arbor Trail in Westland , Michigan .
Trillium Power Wind 1 ( `` TPW1 '' ) is a proposed 450 to 500 megawatt ( MW ) far - offshore wind farm in Canadian waters of northeastern Lake Ontario at least 17 km to 28 km from the nearest mainland .
Dyminek ( dɨˈminɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biały Bór , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Kilmoon ( Irish : Cill Mhúine ) is a civil parish of County Clare , Ireland , 7 miles ( 11 km ) north of Ennistymon , just to the northeast of Lisdoonvarna .
Ickham and Well is a mostly rural civil parish east of Canterbury in Kent , South East England .
Jacksonville State University ( JSU ) is a regional public coeducational university located in Jacksonville , Alabama , USA .
Iregszemcse ( means Ireg - Szemcse ) is a village in Tolna County , Hungary .
Man o ' War Boulevard , named after the racehorse Man o ' War , is a 17-mile ( 27 km ) urban arterial , circling Lexington , Kentucky to its south .
Fairhope Plantation is a historic Carpenter Gothic plantation house and historic district , located one mile east of Uniontown , Alabama , USA .
Chippiannock Cemetery is a cemetery located on 12th Street and 31st Avenue in Rock Island , Illinois .
Borecznica ( bɔrɛt͡ʂˈnit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
KGNC is a radio broadcast service in Amarillo , Texas , USA .
The Minidoka Dam is an earthfill dam on the Snake River in south central Idaho .
Tabaqlu ( Persian : طبقلو‎ , also Romanized as Ţabaqlū ) is a village in Abbas - e Gharbi Rural District , Tekmeh Dash District , Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Five Oak Green is a village near Tonbridge , Kent in the parish of Capel .
The Argus Range is a mountain range located in Inyo County , California , southeast of the town of Darwin .
Mount Pakenham is a ski hill to the south - west of Ottawa , Ontario , Canada , near the town of Pakenham .
The Sparta Township Public School District is a comprehensive community public school district that serves over students from Sparta Township , in Sussex County , New Jersey , United States .
Gorodzisko ( ɡɔrɔˈd͡ʑiskɔ ) ( Ukrainian : Городисько , Horodys’ko ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narew , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Maisel 's Indian Trading Post is located in the city of Albuquerque , county of Bernalillo , in the U.S. state of New Mexico .
Shushabad ( Persian : شوش اباد‎ , also Romanized as Shūshābād and Sūshābād ) is a village in Tarand Rural District , Jalilabad District , Pishva County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Rdziostów ( ˈrd͡ʑɔstuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chełmiec , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Geneva Reformed Seminary is a small theological school in Greenville , South Carolina accredited by the Association of Reformed Theological Seminaries and supported by the Free Presbyterian Church of North America .
Winterset City Park is a public , city - owned park in Winterset , Iowa .
Belle Mont is a historic Jeffersonian - style plantation house near Tuscumbia in Colbert County , Alabama .
Lapui - ye Yek ( Persian : لپويي يك‎ , also Romanized as Lapū’ī - ye Yek ; also known as Lapū’ī ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramhormoz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Friesenrath is a small historic village in western Germany , near the spa town Aachen and the tri - border region to Belgium and the Netherlands .
Sullivan County International Airport ( IATA : MSV , ICAO : KMSV , FAA LID : MSV ) is a county owned , public use airport in the Town of Bethel , Sullivan County , New York , United States .
Hetang District ( simplified Chinese : 荷塘区 ; traditional Chinese : 荷塘區 ; pinyin : Hétáng qū ) is one of four urban districts of Zhuzhou , Hunan province , China .
Świączynek ( ɕfjɔnˈt͡ʂɨnɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książ Wielkopolski , within Śrem County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Lone Pine Barracks is an Australian Army base located in New South Wales , 8 kilometres ( 5.0 mi ) south of Singleton .
Saepinum ( modern Altilia , near Sepino ) was a Samnite town located c. 15 km south of the modern Campobasso ( in south central Italy ) .
Winster is a village in the English Derbyshire Dales about 5 miles ( 8 km ) from Matlock and 6 miles ( 10 km ) from Bakewell at an altitude of approximately 820 feet ( 250 m ) .
The Bonaparte River is a tributary of the Thompson River , joining it at the community of Ashcroft , British Columbia .
Dowdjabad ( Persian : دودج اباد‎ , also Romanized as Dowdjābād ; also known as Dowjābād ) is a village in Now Bandegan Rural District , Now Bandegan District , Fasa County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Conger Range , also called the Conger Mountains , is a mountain range in Quttinirpaaq National Park on Ellesmere Island , Nunavut , Canada , beginning about 16 km ( 10 mi ) west of Mount Osborne .
Achampally is a village situated about 17 km south of Mulbagal Taluk town , Karnataka , India .
Darreh Seheh ( Persian : دره صحه‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Şeḩeh ) is a village in Zilayi Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Arran or the Isle of Arran ( /ˈærən/ ; Scottish Gaelic : Eilean Arainn pronounced ( elan ˈarɪɲ ) ) is the largest island in the Firth of Clyde , Scotland .
WKAK ( branded as Nash FM 104.5 ) is a radio station serving Albany , Georgia and surrounding cities with a modern country format .
Matagorda Island ( i/ˈmætəˈɡɔərdə/ ) , Spanish for `` thick brush , '' is a 38 mile ( 61 km ) long barrier island on the Texas Gulf coast , located approximately seven miles south of Port O'Connor , in the southernmost part of Matagorda County .
Molkom is a locality situated in Karlstad Municipality , Värmland County , Sweden with 1,863 inhabitants in 2010 .
The Redridge Steel Dam is a steel dam across the Salmon Trout River in Redridge , Houghton County , Michigan .
Powroźnik ( pɔˈvrɔʑɲik ) ( Ukrainian : Поворозник , Povoroznyk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Muszyna , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Cabouco is a civil parish in the municipality of Lagoa on the island of São Miguel in the Portuguese Azores .
Beddington is a suburban settlement in the London Borough of Sutton on the boundary with the London Borough of Croydon .
Tilakuh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان تيلكوه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Ziviyeh District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Local people ensured it never fell into total disrepair and the mansion and a small area of surrounding land was eventually purchased by Stroud District Council , who leased it to a building restoration trust , the Woodchester Mansion Trust , in 1992 .
Dhaula is a small hamlet in Uttarkashi district of Uttarakhand .
Heilbronn ( German pronunciation : ( haɪlˈbʁɔn ) ) is a city in northern Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
San Giovanni a Porta Latina ( Italian : `` Saint John Before the Latin Gate '' ) is a Basilica church in Rome , Italy , near the Porta Latina ( on the Via Latina ) of the Aurelian Wall .
Fort Humboldt State Historic Park is a California state park , located in Eureka , California , United States .
The Judaean Desert ( Hebrew : מִדְבַּר יְהוּדָה‎ Midbar Yehuda , both Desert of Judah or Judaean Desert ; Arabic : صحراء يهودا‎ Sahara Yahudan ) is a desert in Israel and the West Bank that lies east of Jerusalem and descends to the Dead Sea .
West Mountain Observatory ( WMO ) is an astronomical observatory located on West Mountain near the town of West Mountain , Utah ( USA ) , about 22 km ( 14 mi ) southwest of Provo , Utah .
Porto San Giorgio is a comune ( town or municipality ) in the Province of Fermo , in the Marche region of Italy .
Denial Bay ( formerly McKenzie ) is a small fishing and tourist village that lies on the bay of the same name , only 14 km from Ceduna on the Western Eyre Peninsula , South Australia , facing the Nuyts Archipelago .
Bandipora district ( Urdu ; ضلع بانڈی پُورہ ) is one of the 22 districts in Jammu and Kashmir state in northern India .
As part of the pueblos blancos ( white towns ) in southern Spain 's Andalusia region , Ubrique reminds travellers of that area 's Arab past .
George Wright Golf Course is a public golf course in Boston , Massachusetts .
The Olympic National Park Headquarters Historic District overlooks Port Angeles , Washington from Peabody Heights , consisting of six contributing buildings built in 1940 - 41 and several more non - contributing buildings that act as the administrative headquarters for Olympic National Park .
Chah Pas ( Persian : چاه پس‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Pas ; also known as Chāh Paz ) is a village in Shamil Rural District , Takht District , Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Klekotna ( klɛˈkɔtna ) ( German : Charlottenthal or Charlotte 's Vale ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrodzień , within Olesno County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Griggs Grange No . 1467 is a historic Grange hall located near the village of Jefferson in rural Ashtabula County , Ohio , United States .
Derangabad ( Persian : درنگ اباد‎ , also Romanized as Derangābād ) is a village in Darzab Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
India Point Park is a park in the Fox Point neighborhood of Providence , Rhode Island at the confluence of the Seekonk River and Providence River .
The City of Fairfield is a local government area in the south - west of Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia .
McGrath State Beach is a protected beach park located on the south bank of the mouth of Santa Clara River in the city of Oxnard , California .
Zahak - e Pain ( Persian : زحك پايين‎ , also Romanized as Zaḥaḵ - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Jakdan Rural District , in the Central District of Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Matekeh ( Persian : متكه‎ ) is a village in Karipey Rural District , Lalehabad District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Hofburg Palace is the former imperial palace in the centre of Vienna .
Birdingbury is a village and civil parish in the Rugby district of Warwickshire , England , just south of the River Leam , and not far from Draycote Water .
North Runcton is a village and a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk .
The Walter Rand Transportation Center is a transportation hub located at Martin Luther King Boulevard and Broadway in Camden , New Jersey .
Donnalucata is a small fishing village , a frazione of the commune of Scicli , in the province of Ragusa , Sicily , southern Italy .
The Limmat Valley ( German : Limmattal ) is a river valley and a region in the cantons of Zürich and Aargau in Switzerland .
The Suntop Homes , also known under the early name of The Ardmore Experiment , were quadruple residences located in Ardmore , Pennsylvania , and based largely upon the 1935 conceptual Broadacre City model of the minimum houses .
Mae Na Chon ( Thai : แม่นาจร ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mae Chaem District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Pustin Sara ( Persian : پوستين سرا‎ , also Romanized as Pūstīn Sarā ) is a village in Kasma Rural District , in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Pan Gate , Pan Men , or Panmen ( simplified Chinese : 盘门 ; traditional Chinese : 盤門 ; pinyin : Pán Mén ) is a historical landmark in Suzhou , Jiangsu , China .
Ferryland is a town in Newfoundland and Labrador on the Avalon Peninsula .
The X-10 Graphite Reactor at Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Oak Ridge , Tennessee , formerly known as the Clinton Pile and X-10 Pile , was the world 's second artificial nuclear reactor ( after Enrico Fermi 's Chicago Pile-1 ) and was the first reactor designed and built for continuous operation .
Hezar Dasht ( Persian : هزاردشت‎ , also Romanized as Hezār Dasht ; also known as Shahrak - e Hezār Dasht ) is a village in Abali Rural District , Rudehen District , Damavand County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Zwardoń ( ˈzvardɔɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rajcza , within Żywiec County , Silesian Voivodeship , in the Zywiec Beskids mountain range in southern Poland , on the border with Slovakia .
Whitefish Bay High School is a comprehensive public secondary school located in the village of Whitefish Bay , Wisconsin , United States .
Restauradores Square ( Portuguese : Praça dos Restauradores ) is a public square in the city of Lisbon , Portugal .
Chah Sukhteh ( Persian : چاه سوخته‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Sūkhteh ) is a village in Takab - e Kuhmish Rural District , Sheshtomad District , Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Metcalf Energy Center is a 600 megawatt combined cycle power plant located in South San Jose , California in an area known as Coyote Valley .
Mount Hinman ( 7,492 feet ( 2,284 m ) ) is located on the border of Snoqualmie and Wenatchee National Forests in the U.S. state of Washington .
Qaleh - ye Rahim ( Persian : قلعه رحيم‎‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye Raḩīm and Qal``eh Raḩīm ) is a village in Beyranvand - e Jonubi Rural District , Bayravand District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 235 , in 52 families .
Glaubenberg Pass ( el . 1540 m ) is a high mountain pass in the Emmental Alps between the cantons of Lucerne and Obwalden in Switzerland .
The Henry B. Plant Museum is located in the south wing of Plant Hall on the University of Tampa 's campus , at 401 West Kennedy Boulevard .
Clear Lake Site is an archaeological site located in Sand Ridge State Park 6.5 miles ( 10.5 km ) from Manito , Illinois .
Hennenbach is a district of the town of Ansbach in Bavaria , Germany .
The Alex and Mary Alice Johnson House , located at 5 W. Main St. in Grantsville , Utah , is a Queen Anne style house that was built in 1900 .
Now Kandeh District ( Persian : بخش نوکنده‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Bandar - e - Gaz County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Central Park Stadium is a greyhound racing track , and speedway track and former football stadium located in Murston , Sittingbourne , Kent , England .
Lympstone is a village and civil parish in East Devon in the English county of Devon .
Lahad Datu is a town and district located in Tawau Division , in the east of Sabah , Malaysia on the island of Borneo .
Durham 's Chapel School , also known as Durham 's Chapel Rosenwald School , is a former school for African - American children located in Gallatin , Sumner County , Tennessee , that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Myczkowce ( mɨt͡ʂˈkɔft͡sɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Мичківці , Mychkivtsi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solina , within Lesko County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Bossingham is a large hamlet in the City of Canterbury District of Kent , England .
Drążgów ( ˈdrɔ̃ʐɡuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ułęż , within Ryki County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Herberts is a hamlet in the Vale of Glamorgan , Wales .
Chaf - e Bala ( Persian : چاف بالا‎ , also Romanized as Chāf - e Bālā ; also known as Bālā Chāf and Chāf ) was a village in Chaf Rural District , in the Central District of Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Catlin Hall , Wilkes College , also known as George Catlin Hall and Reynolds House , is a historic dormitory located on the campus of Wilkes University at Wilkes - Barre , Luzerne County , Pennsylvania .
The W. S. Salmon House in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon , is a 2.5-story apartment house listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Manordeifi ( Welsh : Maenordeifi ) is a parish and community in the hundred of Kilgerran , in the northeast corner of Pembrokeshire , Wales .
Allahabad , Zahedan ( Persian : الله‌آباد‎ ) is a village in Tamin Rural District , in the Central District of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Nei Lak Shan ( Chinese : 彌勒山 ) is the sixth highest hill in Hong Kong .
Fenton Lake State Park is a state park of New Mexico , USA , located 33 miles ( 53 km ) north of San Ysidro , in the Jemez Mountains .
Kalhin ( Persian : كلهين‎ , also Romanized as Kalhīn ) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu - e Pain Rural District , Qareh Poshtelu District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Pisgah National Forest is a National Forest in the Appalachian Mountains of western North Carolina .
Daming Temple ( Chinese : 扬州大明寺 ) is a temple located at the middle peak of Shugang Mountain , Yangzhou , Jiangsu Province , China .
Xenopoulo ( Greek : Ξενόπουλο ) is a small village and a community in the island of Kefalonia , Greece .
The House at 129 High Street in Reading , Massachusetts is a well preserved modestly - scaled Queen Anne Victorian house .
Kargaz ( Persian : کرگز‎ ) is a village in Kashkan Rural District , Shahivand District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Harisan ( Persian : هريسان‎ , also Romanized as Harīsān ; also known as Harsān ) is a village in Qareh Chay Rural District , in the Central District of Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Coronado cave ( 31 ° 21′4``N 110 ° 15′38''W ) is located in Cochise County in southern Arizona near the Mexican border .
Terešov ( previously known as Tereschau ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Rokycany District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic .
Raton - Clayton volcanic field is an extinct volcanic field located in the state of New Mexico , United States .
Ab Chal ( Persian : ابچل‎ , also Romanized as Āb Chal and Āb Chol ) is a village in Pian Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Havasu Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Arizona associated with the Havasupai people .
Statue of King Taksin Wongwian Yai Railway Station ( commuter railway ) Wongwian Yai Skytrain Station Wongwian Yai Market and Bang Yi Ruea Market Charoen Rat thai leather cluster Robinson Department Store , Lardya Wongwian Yai Complex Merry Kings Department Store , Wongweanyai ( abandoned )
Grabiszyce Dolne ( ɡrabiˈʂɨt͡sɛ ˈdɔlnɛ ) ( German : Nieder Gerlachsheim ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśna , within Lubań County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
KILR - FM ( 95.9 FM ) is a commercial radio station serving the Estherville , Iowa area as well as the Iowa Great Lakes region .
Bala Bolgur ( Persian : بالابلگور‎ , also Romanized as Bālā Bolgūr ; also known as Bālā Bowlgūr , Bolgūr , and Salgūr ) is a village in Markiyeh Rural District , Mirza Kuchek Janghli District , Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Bloomquist Creek is a stream in San Mateo County , California and is a tributary of Pescadero Creek .
The Division of Stirling is an Australian electoral division in the inner northern and beachside suburbs of Perth , Western Australia .
Milkipur ( Hindi : मिल्कीपुर ) is a town , tehsil and a constituency in Faizabad district in the state of Uttar Pradesh , India .
The Musée Édith Piaf is a private museum dedicated to singer Édith Piaf located in the 11th arrondissement at 5 , rue Crespin du Gast , Paris , France .
Pruska Karczma ( ˈpruska ˈkart͡ʂma ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Trąbki Wielkie , within Gdańsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Gargur ( Persian : گرگور‎ , also Romanized as Gargūr and Gargoor ; also known as Gargūr - e Meyān , and Gargūr - e Mīān ) is a village in Delvar Rural District , Delvar District , Tangestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
The Krotz Springs Bridge are dual cantilever bridges in the U.S. state of Louisiana which carries US 190 over the Atchafalaya River at Krotz Springs .
Nowy Glinik ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈɡlinik ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnowiec , within Jasło County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
It is a municipal corporation and the headquarters of Vijayawada ( urban ) mandal in Krishna district of the state .
Mowtowr - e Hay - e Soleymanabad Hur ( Persian : موتورهاي سليمان ابادحور‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Hāy - e Soleymānābād Ḩūr ; also known as Soleymānābād ) is a village in Hur Rural District , in the Central District of Faryab County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Garzewko ( ɡaˈʐɛfkɔ ) ( German : Neu Garschen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jonkowo , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Piz Ot ( Romansh : `` high peak '' ) is a mountain of the Albula Alps , located west of Samedan in the canton of Graubünden .
Dłusko Gryfińskie ( ˈdwuskɔ ɡrɨˈfiɲskʲɛ ) ( German Linde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Freehold Raceway is a half - mile racetrack in Freehold Borough , New Jersey , and is the oldest racetrack in the United States .
Great Snoring ( archaic English : Snoring Magna ) is a rural village in North Norfolk by the River Stiffkey , in the east of England .
Rutki - Krupy ( ˈrutki ˈkrupɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
CBKA - FM is a Canadian radio station , broadcasting the CBC Radio One network at 105.9 FM in La Ronge , Saskatchewan .
Poltegor Centre ( formerly Poltegor ) was the highest building in Wrocław .
Gassol is a Local Government Area in Taraba State , Nigeria .
Westford Town Farm is a historic poor farm at 35 Town Farm Road in Westford , Massachusetts .
The Château Rothschild is a historic château in Boulogne - Billancourt near Paris , France .
Mikanów ( miˈkanuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mińsk Mazowiecki , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Rockwood Institution is a federal minimum - security facility located in the community of Stony Mountain , Rural Municipality of Rockwood , Manitoba , about 11 mi ( 18 km ) from Winnipeg .
The Kalemouth Suspension Bridge is a suspension bridge at Kalemouth in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland , near the B6401 .
Camden Catholic High School ( CCHS ) is a four - year comprehensive private coeducational Roman Catholic high school , located in Cherry Hill , New Jersey , in the Philadelphia metropolitan area and serving students from the Camden County area .
Indian Island 28 is a Mi'kmaq First Nation reserve on Indian Island in Canada located in Kent County , New Brunswick .
Marcówka ( marˈt͡sufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zembrzyce , within Sucha County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Fir Park Stadium is a football stadium situated in Motherwell , North Lanarkshire , Scotland .
Kings Mountain State Park is a South Carolina state park located in the Piedmont region of South Carolina .
Laerru ( Sardinian : Laìrru ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 180 kilometres ( 110 mi ) north of Cagliari and about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) northeast of Sassari .
Tianyuan Subdistrict ( Chinese : 天苑街道 ) is a township - level division of Xinhua District , Shijiazhuang , Hebei , China .
The Echimamish River is a river bifurcation in northern Manitoba Canada .
Dezab ( Persian : دزآب‎ , also Romanized as Dezāb ) is a city in the Central District of Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Piz Minschun is a mountain of the Silvretta Alps , overlooking Scuol in the Swiss canton of Graubünden .
Parchin - e Olya ( Persian : پرچين عليا‎ , also Romanized as Parchīn - e `` Olyā ; also known as Parchīn - e Bālā ) is a village in Azadlu Rural District , Muran District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 345 , in 54 families .
Wood - Tikchik State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Alaska north of Dillingham .
Lake Yasinski is a lake in western Quebec , Canada , 80 kilometres east of James Bay .
Shah Nur ol Din ( Persian : شاه نورالدين‎ , also Romanized as Shāh Nūr ol Dīn and Shāh Nūr od Dīn ) is a village in Posht Par Rural District , Simakan District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Wieża ( ˈvjɛʐa ) ( German : Wiesa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfów Śląski , within Lwówek Śląski County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Werken is a small village in Kortemark , a part of West Flanders , Belgium .
Kępa Kalnicka ( ˈkɛmpa kalˈnit͡ska ) ( German Wilhelmsthal ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The George and John R. Hunt Memorial Building , often referred to as just the Hunt Memorial Building , is the former Ellenville , New York , USA , public library .
Goszkówek ( ɡɔʂˈkuvɛk ) ( formerly German Gräfendorf ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mieszkowice , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Michatun ( Persian : ميچاتون‎ , also Romanized as Mīchātūn ) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Wantage Hall , built 1908 , is the oldest hall of residence at the University of Reading , in Reading , Berkshire , England .
Lansdowne High School ( LHS ) , formerly known as Lansdowne Sr . High School , and currently known as the Lansdowne High School Academy for Advanced Professional Studies , is a four - year public high school in Baltimore County , Maryland , United States .
Matton Shipyard is a historic shipyard and canal boat service yard located on Van Schaick Island at Cohoes in Albany County , New York .
Nevada County Air Park ( ICAO : KGOO , FAA LID : GOO , formerly O17 ) is a county - owned public use airport in Nevada County , California , United States .
Maków - Kolonia ( ˈmakuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maków , within Skierniewice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Castle Carrock is a village and civil parish on the B6413 road , in the City of Carlisle District , in the English county of Cumbria about 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) south of Brampton .
Mannofield is an affluent , middle class area of Aberdeen , Scotland .
Emamzadeh Varcheh ( Persian : امامزاده ورچه‎ , also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Varcheh ; also known as Imāmzādeh Warcheh ) is a village in Hamzehlu Rural District , in the Central District of Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Sparreholm is a locality situated in Flen Municipality , Södermanland County , Sweden with 741 inhabitants in 2010 .
Eskivang ( Persian : اسكيونگ‎ , also Romanized as Eskīvang , Eskayūnak , Eskioonag , Eskīūnak , and Eskīvank ; also known as Eskībang and Iskībang ) is a village in Momenabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Twistetal is a community in Waldeck - Frankenberg in northwest Hesse , Germany , southwest of Bad Arolsen .
Darenjan - e Lor ( Persian : دارنجان لر‎ , also Romanized as Dārenjān - e Lor and Dārenjān Lor ; also known as Darenjan and Dārenjānlū ) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District , Meymand District , Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran .
Paranavaí is located in a rich Northwest part of the state of Paraná and has a population of 105,470 ( IBGE , 2015 ) .
Firuzabad - e Sofla ( Persian : فيروزابادسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Fīrūzābād - e Soflá ; also known as Fīrūzābād - e Pā’īn and Fīrūzābād Pā’īn ) is a village in Khezel - e Sharqi Rural District , Khezel District , Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Selegas , Sèligas in sardinian language , is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Cagliari in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) north of Cagliari .
The Falwell Airport ( FAA W24 ) is a private airport located 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) southeast of downtown Lynchburg , Virginia , USA .
The Edgewater Beach Hotel was a resort hotel complex in the far - north neighborhood community of Edgewater in Chicago , Illinois , designed by Benjamin H. Marshall and Charles E. Fox .
Łoje - Awissa ( ˈwɔjɛ aˈvissa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziłów , within Grajewo County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Liaozhong District ( simplified Chinese : 辽中区 ; traditional Chinese : 遼中區 ; pinyin : Liáozhōng Qū ) is under the administration of Shenyang , the capital of Liaoning province , People 's Republic of China .
Myszowice ( mɨʂɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korfantów , within Nysa County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Zabełków ( zaˈbɛu̯kuf ) ( formerly German Zabelkau , 1936 - -1945 : Schurgersdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyżanowice , within Racibórz County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the Czech border .
Inverpeffer was a hamlet that once existed in Angus , Scotland until around 1941 , when it was demolished during the building of East Haven airfield .
Kazhi Karan ( Persian : كژي كران‎ , also Romanized as Kazhī Karān ; also known as Kazhi Garan and Qāzī Karān ) is a village in Hoseynabad - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Downtown Brooklyn is the third largest central business district in New York City , United States ( following Midtown Manhattan and Lower Manhattan ) , and is located in the northwestern section of the borough of Brooklyn .
Deymeskan ( Persian : ديمسكان‎ , also Romanized as Deymeskān and Dīmeskān ) is a village in Ravar Rural District , in the Central District of Ravar County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Vanak Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ونك‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Semirom County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Smathers Beach is the largest public beach in Key West , Florida , United States .
WLWL ( 770 AM ) is a radio station broadcasting an urban oldies music format with an emphasis on beach music that is licensed to Rockingham , North Carolina , USA .
Sydney Park is a large recreational area in the inner - city area of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
In its Spanish section , the Douro crosses the great Castilian meseta and meanders through five provinces of the autonomous community of Castile and León :
Ned Lake ( or sometimes called Lake Ned ) is a natural freshwater lake in eastern Winter Haven , Florida .
Bowshank is a village in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland , close to the A7 , beside the Gala Water .
Mendive ( Basque : Mendibe ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south - western France .
South Dakota Highway 377 ( SD 377 ) is a 2-mile - long ( 3.2 km ) state route that runs entirely within Jackson County , South Dakota .
Jazzorca is Mexico City 's most prominent dedicated free jazz and experimental music venue , founded by multi - instrumentalist Germán Bringas in 1994 .
The Gross Windgällen is a 3,187 m high mountain in the Glarus Alps , overlooking the valley of the Reuss in the canton of Uri .
Osgoode Hall is a landmark building in downtown Toronto constructed between 1829 and 1832 in the late Georgian Palladian and Neoclassical styles .
The Queen City Hotel was constructed in 1871 by the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad ( B&O ) in Cumberland , Maryland to serve both as a train station and as a destination .
Broadmeadow Locomotive Depot ( NSW depot number 2 ) was a large locomotive depot consisting of two roundhouse buildings and associated facilities constructed by the New South Wales Government Railways adjacent to the marshalling yard on the Main Northern line at Broadmeadow .
Long Island City High School , commonly abbreviated L.I.C. or LICHS , is a public high school in New York City , located in Long Island City in the borough of Queens .
Bachman and Forry Tobacco Warehouse is a historic tobacco warehouse located at Columbia in Lancaster County , Pennsylvania .
Villa Somalia ( Somali : Villa Soomaaliya , Arabic : فيلا الصومال‎ ) is a building in Mogadishu , the capital of Somalia .
The Edgewood Academy is a non - profit non - sectarian independent school located in Elmore , Alabama .
Elsinore Arch ( also known as Elsinore Tower ) is a registered historic structure in Cincinnati , Ohio , listed in the National Register on March 3 , 1980 .
Przeźmierowo ( pʂɛʑmjɛˈrɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnowo Podgórne , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Heyrat ( Persian : حيرت‎ , also Romanized as Ḩeyrat ; also known as Ḩeyrat Kojūr ) is a village in Panjak - e Rastaq Rural District , Kojur District , Nowshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Moharrum Zumeh ( Persian : محروم زومه‎ , also Romanized as Moḩarrūm Zūmeh ; also known as Moḩarram Zūmeh ) is a village in Chubar Rural District , Haviq District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Anse - à - Galets ( Haitian Creole : Ansagalèt ) is a commune in the La Gonâve Arrondissement , an island of Haiti located to the west - northwest of Port - au - Prince in the Gulf of Gonâve , in the Ouest Department of Haiti .
Grey Highlands Secondary School is a Grade 9 - 12 high school located in Flesherton , Ontario , Canada , in rural Grey County .
Knœringue ( Alemannic German : Knehrige ; German : Knöringen ) is a commune in the Haut - Rhin department in Alsace in north - eastern France .
The Nova Iguaçu Volcano ( `` Vulcão de Nova Iguaçu '' in Portuguese ) is located in the state of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , in an area of volcanic rocks at the north - eastern border of the Mendanha massif .
Hanuabada is a coastal village in Papua New Guinea located on the outskirts of the nation 's capital , Port Moresby .
Pinery Station , or The Pinery , was built as a relay station on the Butterfield Overland Mail stagecoach route , located at the crest of Guadalupe Pass in what is now Guadalupe Mountains National Park in the U.S. state of Texas .
The George V. Doughty House and Garage are a historic house and garage located northeast of Jerome , Idaho , United States .
The Tamms Correctional Center is a closed Illinois Department of Corrections prison located in Tamms , Illinois .
The Norrmén house , also known as the Norrmén castle and palace , was a red brick residential house representing the neo - renaissance architecture , situated for 63 years in Katajanokka , Helsinki , Finland , opposite the Uspenski Cathedral .
The Wieners Circle is a hot dog stand in the Lincoln Park neighborhood of Chicago , Illinois , United States .
Murmansk Oblast ( Russian : Му́рманская о́бласть , tr . Murmanskaya oblast ; IPA : ( ˈmurmənskəjə ˈobləsʲtʲ ) ) is a federal subject of Russia ( an oblast ) , located in the northwestern part of Russia .
Museum Sang Nila Utama is a heritage museum in Pekanbaru , Indonesia .
Khuniq ( Persian : خونيق‎ , also Romanized as Khūnīq and Khownyaq ; also known as Kūtīyeh ) is a village in Goyjah Bel Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Allegheny College is a private , coeducational liberal arts college in northwestern Pennsylvania in the town of Meadville , approximately 35 miles ( 56 km ) south of Erie .
Jandakot Airport ( IATA : JAD , ICAO : YPJT ) is an Australian general aviation airport located in Jandakot , Western Australia .
Coquitlam Lake is a reservoir located just north of Coquitlam , British Columbia .
It is recorded that the Lord of Copmanthorpe Manor was an Anglo - Saxon , named Gospatrick , at the time of the Norman invasion of England .
Slup ( German Zulb ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Znojmo District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic .
Clacton - on - Sea is the largest town in the Tendring peninsula and district in Essex , England , and was founded as an urban district in 1871 .
Sisabad ( Persian : سيس اباد‎ , also Romanized as Sīsābād ) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Cheshmeh - ye Mulid ( Persian : چشمه موليد‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh - ye Mūlīd ; also known as Cheshmeh and Chashmeh ) is a village in Alqurat Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Bulkley Valley is located in the northwest Central Interior of British Columbia , Canada .
Eglwys Brewis is a village in the Vale of Glamorgan in south Wales .
Waknaghat is a small town in Solan district in the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh which falls on the way to Shimla , India from Kalka , India .
The former Alexander Classical School , today Alexander Town Hall , is located on Buffalo Street in Alexander , New York , United States .
The Rockwood Library is a branch of the Multnomah County Library , located in Portland , Oregon .
The Lake Minatare Lighthouse is a historic mock lighthouse located on Lake Minatare near the city of Scottsbluff in Nebraska .
Marion Military Institute , often abbreviated with the initialism MMI , is the official state military college of Alabama .
Krasne Pole ( ˈkrasnɛ ˈpɔlɛ ) ( Czech : Krásné Loučky , German : Schönwiese ) is a village located in Poland , in the Opole Voivodeship , Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce , near the border with the Czech Republic .
Élan School was a private , coeducational , controversial residential behavior modification program and therapeutic boarding school ( beginning with 8th grade and extending beyond high school completion ) in Poland , Androscoggin County , Maine .
D'Herbomez Creek is a creek in eastern Mission , British Columbia , flowing southeast to join the Fraser River at the Pekw'Xe : yles Indian Reserve ( formerly the grounds of St. Mary 's Indian Residential School ) .
The Salem - Auburn Streets Historic District is a residential historic district at Salem and Auburn Streets in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Newhaven Sanctuary lies 363 kilometres north - west of Alice Springs at the junction of three distinct bioregions : the Great Sandy Desert , MacDonnell Ranges and Burt Plain in the Northern Territory of Australia .
Seth Grove Stadium is a stadium on the campus of Shippensburg University in Shippensburg , Pennsylvania .
Dotma ( Assamese : দতমা ) is a village on a flat plain within the District of Kokrajhar in the state of Assam , North East India .
Białojany ( bjawɔˈjanɨ ) ( German : Biallojahnen ( 1938 - 45:Weißhagen ) ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Lonely Lakes are located in Glacier National Park , in the U. S. state of Montana .
Galguduud ( Somali : Galgaduud , Arabic : جلجدود‎ ) is an administrative region ( gobol ) in central Somalia .
The Holmes - Shannon House is a Craftsman style home with Tudor influences , built in 1911 in the Victoria Park neighborhood of Los Angeles , California .
Rancho Potrero de San Carlos was a 4,307-acre ( 17.43 km2 ) Mexican land grant in present day Monterey County , California given in 1837 by Governor Juan B. Alvarado to Fructuoso del Real , an Indian .
Hasvåg is a seaside village on the peninsula of Hasvågøya in the municipality of Flatanger in Nord - Trøndelag , Norway .
Breil - sur - Roya ( Italian : Breglio or Breglio sul Roia , Occitan : Brei o Brelh de Ròia , Ligurian : Breggio ) is a commune in the Alpes - Maritimes department in southeastern France .
Zion Elementary School District 6 is an Illinois school district serving Zion , Lake County .
Sgt . Alvin C. York State Historic Park is a state park in Pall Mall , in the U.S. state of Tennessee .
Camp Zachary Taylor was a military training camp in Louisville , Kentucky .
Tapilkajmy ( tapʲilˈkai̯mɨ ) ( German : Tappelkeim ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Near Westside Historic District is a national historic district located at Elmira in Chemung County , New York .
Mondan ( Persian : مندان‎ , also Romanized as Mondān ) is a village in Poshteh - ye Zilayi Rural District , Sarfaryab District , Charam County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Comelico Superiore ( Ladin : Cumelgu d Sora ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Belluno in the Italian region Veneto , located about 130 kilometres ( 81 mi ) north of Venice and about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) northeast of Belluno , on the border with Austria .
Dolphin Mall is a shopping mall in Sweetwater , Florida west of Doral and Miami .
The Dean Creek Wildlife Area ( or Dean Creek Elk Viewing Area ) is a wildlife management area located near Reedsport , Oregon , United States .
The Morean Arts Center ( formerly known as The Arts Center ) in St. Petersburg , Florida displays works by local , national and international artists .
Bhor ( pronunciation ) is a city and a municipal council in Pune district in the state of Maharashtra , India .
Shah Rezaabad ( Persian : شاه رضااباد‎‎ , also Romanized as Shāh Rez̤āābād ) is a village in Honam Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Westfield State University ( also known as `` ' Westfield State ' '' and formerly known as Westfield State College ) is a comprehensive , coeducational , four - year public university in Westfield , Massachusetts .
The Morgan Block is a historic commercial block at 313 - 333 Bridge Street ( facing Stearns Park ) in Springfield , Massachusetts .
Katwijk ( pronunciation ) is a coastal municipality and town in the province of South Holland , which is situated in the mid - western part of the Netherlands .
Proserpine State High School ( established in 1963 ) is a public High School in the town of Proserpine in Queensland , Australia .
Trevalga ( Cornish : Trevelgi ) is a coastal civil parish and village in north Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Bednarki ( bɛdˈnarki ) ( German : Bednarken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The headquarters of Greater Grace World Outreach is currently located at its megachurch in Baltimore , Maryland .
Anchiano is a hamlet near Vinci , in the hills of Tuscany in the province of Florence .
Narasimharajapura is a panchayat town and taluk headquarters in Chikkamagaluru district in the Indian state of Karnataka .
Sharansky District ( Russian : Шара́нский райо́н ; Bashkir : Шаран районы ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the fifty - four in the Republic of Bashkortostan , Russia .
Murphysboro Elks Lodge , also known as Murphysboro Event Center , is a historic meeting hall and former Elks lodge in Murphysboro , Illinois .
Horben Castle ( German : Schloss Horben ) is a castle in the municipality of Beinwil ( Freiamt ) in the canton of Aargau .
Isle Brewers is a village and parish in Somerset , England , situated on the River Isle 7 miles ( 11.3 km ) south east of Taunton in the South Somerset district .
The Flathead National Forest is a national forest in the western part of the U.S. state of Montana .
Battle railway station is on the Hastings Line in East Sussex in England , and serves the town of Battle .
Chirala ( pronunciation ) is a town in Prakasam district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Philip A. Hart Plaza in downtown Detroit , is a city plaza along the Detroit River .
Malynyshche ( Ukrainian : Малинище ) is a village ( selo ) in Brody Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
Lone Cone is a mountain located 6 km ( 4 mi ) north of Tofino and 7 km ( 4 mi ) northwest of Mount Colnett on the western peninsula of Meares Island , British Columbia , Canada .
William Carey University is a private Christian liberal arts college located in Hattiesburg , Mississippi in the United States , affiliated with the Southern Baptist Convention and the Mississippi Baptist Convention .
The Times Square Building , formerly the Times Building , is a registered landmark building in Seattle , Washington .
Gloucester National Park is a national park in Western Australia , 281 km south of Perth and about 3 km from Pemberton .
Lake Macquarie Airport ( formerly Belmont Airport ) ( IATA : BEO , ICAO : YLMQ ) is an airfield located in the Lake Macquarie suburb of Pelican , 15 km ( 9.3 mi ) south of Newcastle , New South Wales , Australia .
Australia 108 ( previously 70 Southbank Boulevard ) is a residential supertall skyscraper currently under construction in the Southbank precinct of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
The Gaithersburg Latitude Observatory , in Gaithersburg , Maryland is one of the system of six International Latitude Observatories and ( as of 2007 ) the only National Historic Landmark in Gaithersburg , Maryland .
Berthold Public School Arboretum is an arboretum on school grounds in Berthold , North Dakota .
Chaman Zar - e Sofla ( Persian : چمنزارسفلي‎ , Sorani Kurdish : چێمەنزاری خوارو , also Romanized as Chaman Zār - e Soflá ; also known as Cheshmeh Nezār - e Soflá and Sorkheh Tūt ) is a village in Bazan Rural District , in the Central District of Javanrud County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The River Bain is a river in Lincolnshire , England , and a tributary of the River Witham .
Stafford Springs , Mississippi is an unincorporated community located in Jasper County , Mississippi , United States , along U.S. Route 11 .
Boz Rud Pey ( Persian : بزرودپي‎ , also Romanized as Boz Rūd Pey ) is a village in Shahidabad Rural District , Bandpey - ye Gharbi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Mogilev District ( Belarusian : Магілёўскі раён , Russian : Могилёвский район , Mahilyow Raion , Mogilyovsky Raion , Mogilevsky Raion ) is a district ( raion ) in Mogilev Region , Belarus .
InTech Collegiate High School , is located in North Logan , Utah , and is a STEM focused , early - college high school .
Krewerd ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈkreːʋərt ) ; Gronings : Kraiwerd ) is a village with a population of 90 in the municipality of Delfzijl in the province of Groningen in the Netherlands .
Kalateh - ye Bayat ( Persian : كلاته بيات‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Bayāt ) is a village in Beyhaq Rural District , Sheshtomad District , Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Bear River State Park is state - owned , public recreation area straddling the Bear River on the east side of the city of Evanston , Wyoming , in the United States .
Wola Starogrodzka ( ˈvɔla starɔˈɡrɔt͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parysów , within Garwolin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Chunchenan ( Persian : چونچنان‎ , also Romanized as Chūnchenān and Chūnechenān ; also known as Bandar - e Chūnchenān , Chunchunīān , Chūnehchenān , Chyunchunchian , and Sheylāt - e Chūnechenān ) is a village in Aliabad - e Ziba Kenar Rural District , Lasht - e Nesha District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Marechal Floriano is the capital of a municipality of the same name , in the state of Espírito Santo , Brazil .
The San Francisco Museum of Modern Art ( SFMOMA ) is a modern art museum located in San Francisco , California .
Mansureh - ye Kanin ( Persian : منصوره كنين‎ , also Romanized as Manşūreh - ye Kanīn ; also known as Manşūreh - ye Fāẕel ) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The County of Nairn was a general purpose county of Scotland , with the burgh of Nairn as the county town , until 1975 , when , under the Local Government ( Scotland ) Act 1973 , the county area became one of the eight districts of the two - tier Highland region .
Mowich Lake is a lake located in the northwestern corner of Mount Rainier National Park in Washington State at an elevation of 4,929 feet ( 1,502 m ) .
Jaguaquara is a municipality with a population of 51.019 residents , in the state of Bahia in the North - East region of Brazil .
The Mount Carbine Tableland is a plateau in Far North Queensland , Australia .
French Meadows Reservoir is a manmade lake 36 miles ( 58 km ) northeast of Foresthill , California United States on the Middle Fork of the American River .
The SeaCity Museum is a museum in Southampton , England , which opened on 10 April 2012 to mark the centenary of RMS Titanic 's departure from the city .
Crocker - McMillin Mansion - Immaculate Conception Seminary is a historic seminary in Mahwah , Bergen County , New Jersey , United States .
Haviq District ( Persian : بخش حویق‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Salim Sarai ( Persian : سليم سرايي‎ , also Romanized as Salīm Sarā’ī ) is a village in Gol Tappeh Rural District , Gol Tappeh District , Kabudarahang County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Samraong Tong District ( Khmer : ស្រុកសំរោងទូង ) is a district located in Kampong Speu Province in central Cambodia .
Oak Lane Day School , located in Blue Bell , Pennsylvania , was an independent school founded in 1916 which served preschool and elementary - aged children , which also operated an eight - week children 's camp program in the summer .
The Tiwi Islands are part of the Northern Territory , Australia , 80 km to the north of Darwin where the Arafura Sea joins the Timor Sea .
Crack in the Ground is a volcanic fissure over two miles ( 3 km ) long and up to 70 feet ( 21 m ) deep in central Oregon , United States .
Tolombeh - ye Vahdat - e Yek ( Persian : تلمبه وحدت 1‎ , also Romanized as Tolombeh - ye Vaḥdat - e Yek ) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District , Negin Kavir District , Fahraj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Delbert and Ora Chipman House on E. Main St. in American Fork , Utah was built c.1870s but was extensively renovated and enlarged during approximately 1930 - 1934 .
Tukla Bagh ( Persian : توكل باغ‎ , also Romanized as Tūḵla Bāgh ) is a village in Dughayi Rural District , in the Central District of Quchan County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Holmes County High School is a public school on State Road 90 in Bonifay , Florida , in Holmes County .
Presteigne ( /prɛˈstiːn/ ; Welsh : Llanandras ( the church of St. Andrew ) ) is a town and community in Powys , Wales .
Rodange ( German : Rodingen ) is a town in the commune of Pétange , in south - western Luxembourg .
The New England Telephone Building is a historic utility building at 10 Merrymount Road in Quincy , Massachusetts .
KJNN - LP ( 94.3 FM , `` Radio 74 '' ) is an American low - power FM radio station licensed to serve the community of Holbrook , Arizona .
KKEA ( 1420 AM ) is a radio station located in Honolulu , Hawaii .
Richmond 's Green or Richmonds Green is a hamlet in the Uttlesford District , in the English county of Essex .
Madeira School is a private , non - denominational college - preparatory boarding school for girls located in McLean , Virginia , United States .
Waseca Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KACQ , FAA LID : ACQ ) is a public airport located two miles ( 3 km ) west of the central business district of Waseca , in Waseca County , Minnesota , United States .
The Ozette River is a stream on the Olympic Peninsula in the U.S. state of Washington .
Artichoke Lake is a lake in Big Stone and Swift counties , Minnesota , in the United States .
The Cemetery Bluff District , on Cemetery Rd . in Natchez , Mississippi , is a 120-acre ( 49 ha ) historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 .
The Phare de Nividic is one of three major lightouses on Ouessant in Brittany .
The Minot Public Library is a public library located in Minot , North Dakota at the western edge of Downtown Minot on Second Avenue SW .
Lake Hall is a small lake located in central Leon County , Florida , USA .
Peninsula Lake is a mid - sized cold - water lake located just east of Huntsville , Ontario .
The Dar Al - Hijrah Islamic Center ( Arabic : مركز دار الهجرة الاسلامي‎ , English : Land of Migration ) is an open mosque in Northern Virginia .
Chenar - e Golaban ( Persian : چنارگل ابان‎ , also Romanized as Chenār - e Golābān ; also known as Golābān - e Do , Chenār - e Golābān - e Do , and Nūshād Golābān - e Yeḵ ) is a village in Veysian Rural District , Veysian District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Tookes House ( also known as the Tookes Hotel ) is a historic 11 bedroom home in Tallahassee , Florida , United States .
Seydi ( Persian : صيدي‎ , also Romanized as Şeydī , Şayādī , and Şayyādī ; also known as Şeyd and Şayyād ) is a village in Jam Rural District , in the Central District of Jam County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Hemblington is a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk , about 8 miles ( 13 km ) miles east of Norwich .
The City of Rocks National Reserve , also known as the Silent City of Rocks , is a United States National Reserve and state park lying 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) north of the south central Idaho border with Utah .
Podol ( Persian : پدل‎ ) is a village in Mehran Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Convento de los Agustinos is one of the most important monuments of Huécija municipality in the province of Almeria in Andalusia , Spain .
Narela sub - city is a tehsil , located in the North West Delhi district of NCT of Delhi , and forms the border of the Delhi state with Haryana .
Patapsco Valley State Park is a Maryland state park extending along 32 miles ( 51 km ) of the Patapsco River to the south and west of the city of Baltimore .
The Alfred Douglass House was a historic house at 76 Fernwood Road in Brookline , Massachusetts , United States .
MGM Grand Atlantic City was a planned resort casino by MGM Mirage in Atlantic City , New Jersey .
Yuantong Temple ( simplified Chinese : 圆通寺 ; traditional Chinese : 圓通寺 ; pinyin : Yuántōng Sì ) is the most famous Buddhist temple in Kunming , Yunnan province , China .
Haystack Observatory is an astronomical observatory owned by Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) .
Sanaj ( Persian : سناج‎ , also Romanized as Sanāj and Senāj ; also known as Sināj ) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District , in the Central District of Famenin County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Bozminan ( Persian : بزمينان‎ , also Romanized as Bozmīnān ; also known as Bozmenān and Nīrmīnān ) is a village in Bala Khiyaban - e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Sabzabad - e Sofla ( Persian : سبزابادسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Sabzābād - e Soflá ; also known as Sabzābād and Sabzābād - e Kūchek ) is a village in Tombi Golgir Rural District , Golgir District , Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Hantsport is a Canadian community located in Hants County , Nova Scotia .
Olsztyn is the capital of the Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , and is a city with powiat rights .
The Daniel H. and William T. Caswell Houses are two historic homes in downtown Austin , Texas completed near the turn of the 20th century .
Wawakapewin First Nation ( Oji - Cree : ᐙᐙᑲᐯᐎᐣ ᓂᐢᑕᒼ ᐊᓂᐦᔑᓂᓂᐙᐟ ( Waawaagabewin Nistam Anishininiwaad ) ; unpointed : ᐗᐗᑲᐯᐎᐣ ᓂᐢᑕᒼ ᐊᓂᔑᓂᓂᐗᐟ ) is an Oji - Cree First Nation reserve located 350 kilometers north of Sioux Lookout , Ontario .
Adirondack Hotel is a hotel in Long Lake , New York , located on New York State Route 30 .
Camp Gray is a Catholic summer camp and retreat center located in Reedsburg , Wisconsin .
Teiuș ( Romanian pronunciation : ( teˈjuʃ ) , German : Dreikirchen , Dornstadt ; Hungarian : Tövis ) is a town in Alba County , Romania , near the junction between the Stremț / Geoagiului Creek and the Mureș River , with a population of 7,284 inhabitants .
Como Zoo was the first zoo established in Minnesota .
Nuuk Center , also shortened NC , is a shopping mall located in Nuuk , Greenland .
Gravel Island National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge located off the Door Peninsula in Wisconsin .
East Fremantle Oval ( known under a sponsorship agreement as Atom Stadium and nicknamed `` Shark Park '' , ) is an Australian rules football ground located in East Fremantle , Western Australia .
Tantima is a municipality located in the montane central zone in the State of Veracruz , about 220 km from state capital Xalapa .
Großbottwar ( or Grossbottwar ) is a town in the Ludwigsburg district of Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Liminka ( Swedish : Limingo ) is a municipality in the Northern Ostrobothnia region , in the province of Oulu , in Finland .
Hesar - e Amir Rural District ( Persian : دهستان حصارامير‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Pakdasht County , Tehran Province , Iran .
St. Paul 's Basilica is the oldest Roman Catholic congregation in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Pueblo Memorial Airport ( IATA : PUB , ICAO : KPUB , FAA LID : PUB ) is a public airport six miles east of Pueblo , in Pueblo County , Colorado .
The Jesse Knight House , also known as the Knight Mansion , was a house built for Jesse Knight , located in Provo , Utah .
Sahale Mountain is a jagged , glaciated mountain , in North Cascades National Park , in northern Washington state .
Qahej - e Pain ( Persian : قهيج پايين‎ , also Romanized as Qahej - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Kharqan Rural District , Bastam District , Shahrud County , Semnan Province , Iran .
The Heilbron House is a historic mansion in Downtown Sacramento , California .
Ellen Wilkinson High School was housed , until it closed in 2000 , in a Grade II * listed building in Ardwick , Manchester , England , designed in 1879 - -80 by the prolific Manchester architect Thomas Worthington .
Monymusk ( Scottish Gaelic : Monadh Musga ) is a planned village in the Marr area of Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
The Shahid Shiroudi Stadium ( Persian : ورزشگاه شهید شیرودی‎‎ ) formerly known as Amjadiyeh Stadium is a sports stadium in Tehran , Iran , currently used only for Athletic competitions .
Chaqa Deh ( Persian : چقاده‎ , also Romanized as Chaqā Deh ; also known as Cheqādeh and Chighadeh ) is a village in Vandadeh Rural District , Meymeh District , Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Rönneholm Castle ( Swedish : Rönneholms slott ) is a castle in Eslöv Municipality , Scania , in southern Sweden .
Café Josty was a Berlin café located on the Potsdamer Platz .
The Coen River is a river located in the Cape York Peninsula in Queensland , Australia .
Gardangah ( Persian : گردنگاه‎ , also Romanized as Gardangāh ; also known as Gardanga , Gardenak , and Gerdang ) is a village in Ludab Rural District , Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Blyford ( Blythford ) is a village and civil parish in the Waveney district of Suffolk , England , about 3 miles ( 5 km ) east of Halesworth and separated from Wenhaston by the River Blyth , Suffolk to the south .
Nankai District ( simplified Chinese : 南开区 ; traditional Chinese : 南開區 ; pinyin : Nánkāi Qū ) is a district of Tianjin , People 's Republic of China .
Our Lady of Guadalupe Trappist Abbey is a monastery in a rural area of the U.S. state of Oregon .
Bandial is a village in the commune of Enampore , Nyassia Arrondissement , Ziguinchor Department in the Ziguinchor Region of Senegal .
388 Greenwich Street , originally called the Shearson Lehman Plaza , and more recently the Travelers Building , is a skyscraper located at 388 Greenwich Street , with facings on N. Moore and West Streets , in the TriBeCa neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City .
Narki ( Persian : نركي‎ , also Romanized as Narkī ) is a village in Eshkevar - e Sofla Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Moodna Creek is a small tributary of the Hudson River that drains eastern Orange County , New York .
Lubierzyn ( luˈbjɛʐɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola , within Tuchola County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Karamahi ( Persian : كرماهي‎ , also Romanized as Karamāhī ) is a village in Bajgan Rural District , Aseminun District , Manujan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Byrd Polar and Climate Research Center ( BPCRC ) is a polar , alpine , and climate research center at The Ohio State University founded in 1960 .
Mueang Chi ( Thai : เหมืองจี้ ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mueang Lamphun District , in Lamphun Province , Thailand . In 2005 it had a total population of 9298 people .
Maylandsea , and the adjacent Mayland , are villages on the Dengie peninsula in the English county of Essex .
Palazzo Lombardia ( `` Lombardy Building '' ) is a complex of buildings in Milan , Italy , including a 39-storey , 161.3 m ( 529 ft ) tall skyscraper .
Benjamin Blythe Homestead , also known as Hazel Glen and Blythstead , is a historic home located at Shippensburg in Cumberland County , Pennsylvania .
Harlin is a small town in south east Queensland , Australia .
Wola Muntowska ( ˈvɔla munˈtɔfska ) ( German : Muntowenwolla ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mrągowo , within Mrągowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Dandalup River is one of the shortest rivers in Western Australia .
Chhibramau is a city with the status of `` Nagar Palika Parishad '' and a Subdivision of Kannauj district in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh , India .
The Puritan House is a historic hotel building at 3 Washington Street and 2 Main Street in Gloucester , Massachusetts .
Sypitki ( sɨˈpitki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalinowo , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Chahar Khaneh Sar - e Pain ( Persian : چهارخانه سرپائين‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Khāneh Sar - e Pā’īn ; also known as Chahār Khāneh Sar ) is a village in Layalestan Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Twijzel ( West Frisian : Twizel ) is a village in Achtkarspelen in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands , with a population of around 1100 .
Murzynno ( muˈʐɨnnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewkowo , within Inowrocław County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Praça Diogo de Vasconcelos or Praça da Savassi ( Diogo de Vasconcelos Square or Savassi Square ) is a public square of Savassi , in the city of Belo Horizonte .
Issaquah Creek is a small stream flowing through the city of Issaquah and nearby communities , in the U.S. state of Washington .
Tumeyri ( Persian : توميري‎ , also Romanized as Tūmeyrī ; also known as Tomeyrī ) is a village in Rudbar Rural District , in the Central District of Rudbar - e Jonubi County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Elland is a market town in Calderdale , in the county of West Yorkshire , England .
Pir Khezran ( Persian : پيرخضران‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Kheẕrān ) is a village in Kumasi Rural District , in the Central District of Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Stumptown Wildlife Management Area is located in both Calhoun and Gilmer Counties near the community of Stumptown , West Virginia .
Sassafras Mountain is the highest point in the state of South Carolina , USA .
Oroqen Autonomous Banner ( Mongolian : ᠣᠷᠴᠣᠨ ᠤ ᠥᠪᠡᠷᠲᠡᠭᠡᠨ ᠵᠠᠰᠠᠬᠤ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Orčon - u öbertegen jasaqu qosiɣu ; simplified Chinese : 鄂伦春自治旗 ; pinyin : Èlúnchūn Zìzhìqí ) is an autonomous banner that lies directly south of the urban district of Hailar in the prefecture - level city of Hulunbuir .
Hastings Municipal Airport ( IATA : HSI , ICAO : KHSI , FAA LID : HSI ) is two miles northwest of Hastings in Adams County , Nebraska .
U.S. Cellular Coliseum is an arena in downtown Bloomington , Illinois that opened to the public on April 1 , 2006 .
Potryty ( pɔˈtrɨtɨ ) ( German Potritten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziorany , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Burlingame - Noon House is an historic house built around 1800 at 3261 Mendon Rd in Cumberland , Rhode Island .
Villanova Monteleone ( Sardinian : Biddanòa ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 150 kilometres ( 93 mi ) northwest of Cagliari and about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) southwest of Sassari .
San Marcelino ( Tagalog : Bayan ng San Marcelino ; Ilokano : Ili ti San Marcelino ) is a first class municipality in the province of Zambales , Philippines .
Nowe Rumunki ( ( ˈnɔvɛ ruˈmuŋki ) ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łąck , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Eagle Mountain House is a historic resort hotel on Carter Notch Road in Jackson , New Hampshire .
Głuszyca Górna ( ɡwuˈʂɨt͡sa ˈɡurna ) ( German : Oberwüstegiersdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuszyca , within Wałbrzych County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
The Starcevich Monument or Beaufort Australian Monument ( Malay : Tugu Peringatan Starcevich or Tugu Peringatan Beaufort ) is a monument in the town of Beaufort in Sabah , Malaysia dedicated to Tom Starcevich from the 9th Division Army of Australia during the reconquest of the town by the Allied forces on 28 June 1945 .
Rich - McCormick Woolen Factory is a historic woolen mill located at Dunnstable Township in Clinton County , Pennsylvania .
Castle Fraser is the most elaborate Z - plan castle in Scotland and one of the grandest ' Castles of Mar ' .
Hartenberg - Münchfeld , colloquially known as HaMü , is the student quarter of Mainz , Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Kirk Field ( ICAO : KPGR , FAA LID : PGR ) is a city - owned public - use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) northwest of the central business district of Paragould , in Greene County , Arkansas , United States .
Cham Chul ( Persian : چم چل‎ , also Romanized as Cham Chūl ) is a village in Tarhan - e Gharbi Rural District , Tarhan District , Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Liard Plain is a landform in far northern British Columbia , Canada .
Cholapandiyapuram ( Tamil : சோழபாண்டியபுரம் ) or Cholavandipuram or Cholapandipuram is a 1 sq . kilometre village in Tirukkoyilur ( Tamil : திருக்கோயிலூர் ) taluk in Villuppuram ( Tamil : விழுப்புரம் ) district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Cancún ( /kɑːnˈkuːn/ or /kæn-/ ; Spanish pronunciation : ( kaŋˈkun ) ) is a city in southeastern Mexico , located on the northeast coast of the Yucatán Peninsula in the Mexican state of Quintana Roo .
The Wencl Kajer Farmstead is a historic farmhouse located in New Market , Minnesota .
Krzywe Koło ( ˈkʂɨvɛ ˈkɔwɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchy Dąb , within Gdańsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Sohrol ( Persian : سهرل‎ , also Romanized as Sahrol ; also known as Sohreqeh , Sokhrul , and Sūhrul ) is a village in Rudqat Rural District , Sufian District , Shabestar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Boundary Creek Wildlife Management Area at 1,405 acres ( 5.69 km2 ) is an Idaho wildlife management area in Boundary County along the border with British Columbia , Canada .
Rokiciny - Kolonia ( rɔkiˈt͡ɕinɨ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokiciny , within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Xangri - lá is a Municipality located on the south coast of Brazil , in the state Rio Grande do Sul .
The Carnegie Museum of the Keweenaw in Houghton , Michigan , is a non - collecting museum that houses changing exhibits about local cultural and natural history .
Loro Piceno is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Macerata in the Italian region Marche , located about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) south of Ancona and about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) south of Macerata on a hill near the Fiastra stream .
The West Montalvo Oil Field is a large and productive oil field on the coast of Ventura County , California , in the United States , in and adjacent to the city of Oxnard .
Asiyab - e Kohneh ( Persian : آسیاب کهنه‎ , also Romanized as Āsīyāb - e Kohneh ; also known as Mollā Khaleyl ) is a village in Tarq Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Natanz County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Mohammad Shoqati ( Persian : محمدشقاطي‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammad Shoqāṭī ) is a village in Sorkheh Rural District , Fath Olmobin District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Lake Natoma is an intermediate lake along the American River , located between Folsom Dam and Nimbus Dam in Sacramento County , in the U.S. state of California .
Annwood Park is an urban park in the East Walnut Hills neighborhood of Cincinnati , Ohio , owned and operated by the Cincinnati Park Board .
North Holmwood is a residential area on the outskirts of Dorking , in Surrey , England .
Sarab - e Kalak ( Persian : سراب كلك‎ , also Romanized as Sarāb - e Kalak ) is a village in Gachi Rural District , Gachi District , Malekshahi County , Ilam Province , Iran .
The Lockington Locks are a group of canal locks on the former Miami and Erie Canal in Lockington , Ohio , United States .
Razmejin ( Persian : رازمجين‎ , also Romanized as Rāzmejīn , Rāzmajīn , Rāzemajīn , and Rāẕmejīn ; also known as Azmaḩīn , Mazārtajīn , Rāẕīmejīn , Riamagin , and Rizmagin ) is a village in Darsajin Rural District , in the Central District of Abhar County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Northpoint Christian School ( NCS ) is a college preparatory school located in Southaven , Mississippi .
Dzierżążno Małe ( d͡ʑɛrˈʐɔ̃ʐnɔ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieleń , within Czarnków - Trzcianka County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Bradlee School is a historic former school build at 147 Andover Street in the Ballardvale section of Andover , Massachusetts , United States .
The NATO Satellite Ground Terminal Folly Lake , also known as SGT Folly Lake , is a now - decommissioned Canadian military satellite communications facility located in Wentworth , Cumberland County , Nova Scotia .
The Theater Lübeck ( formerly Stage of the Hansestadt Lübeck , colloquially Stadttheater ) is one of the largest theaters in the German state of Schleswig - Holstein .
The Orland Buttes stand in the fields of the northern Central Valley of California .
Jang - e Chah ( Persian : جنگ چاه‎ , also Romanized as Jang - e Chāh ; also known as Jang - e Jā ) is a village in Bandan Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
John G. Neihardt State Historic Site , also known as the Neihardt Center , is located in Bancroft , Nebraska , United States and features museum exhibits about Nebraska Poet Laureate John Neihardt .
Mazinaw Lake is a lake in the Addington Highlands north of Kaladar in Eastern Ontario .
Farrandsville Iron Furnace , also known as Lycoming Coal Co. , is a historic iron furnace located at Colebrook Township in Clinton County , Pennsylvania about 6 miles northwest of Lock Haven .
Tangeh - ye Do ( Persian : تنگه دو‎ ) is a village in Bahmanshir - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Abadan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Valley of Ten Thousand Smokes is a valley within Katmai National Park and Preserve in Alaska which is filled with ash flow from the eruption of Novarupta on June 6 - -8 , 1912 .
MAST Academy is a magnet school under the governance of Miami - Dade County Public Schools .
Budy Czarnockie ( ˈbudɨ t͡ʂarˈnɔt͡skʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątnica , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Sarvepalli is a village in Nellore district of Andhra Pradesh , India and the ancestral village of former Indian President Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan .
Long Barn , located in the village of Sevenoaks Weald , Kent , is a Grade II listed property and the former home of Vita Sackville - West and Harold Nicolson .
The Norwegian Pharmacy Museum ( Norsk Farmasihistorisk Museum ) is located on Bygdøy in Oslo , Norway .
Lavasi Mahalleh ( Persian : لواسي محله‎ , also Romanized as Lavāsī Maḩalleh ) is a village in Ahandan Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Clarke Range , part of the Great Dividing Range , is a rainforest - covered mountain range located in North Queensland , Australia .
Eagle River High School ( ERHS ) is a public high school in Eagle River , a suburb of the city of Anchorage in the U.S. state of Alaska .
The Miramichi railway station is located at 251 Station Street ( near the terminus of George Street ) in the city of Miramichi , New Brunswick , Canada .
Annobór - Kolonia ( anˈnɔbur kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubartów , within Lubartów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
River East Transcona School Division ( RETSD ) is a school division located in Winnipeg , Manitoba .
The House at 118 Greenwood Street in Wakefield , Massachusetts is a rare well - preserved example of a Stick - style house .
The United States National Arboretum is an arboretum in Washington , D.C. , operated by the United States Department of Agriculture 's Agricultural Research Service as a division of the Henry A. Wallace Beltsville Agricultural Research Center .
Aghcheh Kharabeh ( Persian : اغچه خرابه‎ , also Romanized as Āghcheh Kharābeh ) is a village in Kharqan Rural District , in the Central District of Razan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Bentley University is a private co - educational university in Waltham , Massachusetts , 9 miles ( 14 km ) west of Boston , focused on business .
Boyd County High School is a public high school located in Cannonsburg , Kentucky , an unincorporated community served by the Ashland post office .
Badreh District ( Persian : بخش بدره‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Darreh Shahr County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Starocin ( staˈrɔt͡ɕin ) ( German : Reinland ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański , within Nowy Dwór Gdański County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Skołoszów ( skɔˈwɔʂuf ) ( Ukrainian : Сколошів , Skoloshiv ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radymno , within Jarosław County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
The village was named Pohoří na Šumavě in 1923 and nowadays is part of the municipality of Pohorská Ves .
The Pawtucket Public Library , formerly known as the Deborah Cook Sayles Public Library , is located at 13 Summer Street in Pawtucket , Rhode Island 02860 .
Zinjanab ( Persian : زينجناب‎ , also Romanized as Zīnjanāb ; also known as Zanjenāb ) is a village in Sard - e Sahra Rural District , in the Central District of Tabriz County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Short Hill Mountain is a mountain ridge of the Blue Ridge Mountains in northwest Loudoun County , Virginia .
Schmitz Park Creek is a stream in the West Seattle neighborhood of Seattle , Washington , USA .
The House at 34 Benefit Street in Southbridge , Massachusetts is a modest factory worker 's cottage built by the American Optical Company during a period of its expansion in the 1870s .
The Cirque of the Towers is located in the Wind River Range Wyoming , U.S. , part of which is in the Bridger Wilderness in Bridger - Teton National Forest , while the remainder is in the Popo Agie Wilderness in Shoshone National Forest .
Kalashi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كلاشي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Kalashi District , Javanrud County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Audyniszki ( audɨˈniʂki ) ( German : Audinischken , from 1938 - 45 Hilpertswerder ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie , within Gołdap County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Sajzy ( ˈsai̯zɨ ) ( German Zeysen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Patrixbourne is a rural English village south - east of Canterbury in Kent , mostly taken up by agricultural hills .
Nepean Point is a hill in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada , overlooking the Ottawa River , Parliament , the Canadian Museum of History , and other features of downtown Ottawa and Gatineau .
Altatu ( Persian : التاتو‎ , also Romanized as Altātū ) is a village in Balaband Rural District , in the Central District of Fariman County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Basilique Notre - Dame de l'Épine ( Basilica of Our Lady of the Thorn ) is a Basilica in the small village of L'Épine , Marne , near Châlons - en - Champagne and Verdun .
Mount Solomons is a peak in the Sierra Nevada mountain range in the U.S. state of California .
North Perry Airport ( IATA : HWO , ICAO : KHWO , FAA LID : HWO ) is a public airport located in the City of Pembroke Pines , 5 miles ( 8 km ) west of the central business district of Hollywood , in Broward County , Florida , United States .
Nasht - e Rud ( Persian : نشترود‎ , also Romanized as Nasht - e Rūd and Nashest Rūd ) is a village in Adaran Rural District , Asara District , Karaj County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Gare de Javel is a train station in the 15th arrondissement of Paris , by the Pont Mirabeau .
East Hanningfield is a small village in south Essex , England .
Chah - e Sharif , Zahedan ( Persian : چاه شریف‎ ) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District , in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Deh - e Khoshk ( Persian : ده خشك‎ , also Romanized as Dehkhoshk ) is a village in Sar Asiab - e Farsangi Rural District , in the Central District of Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
70 Mile House is situated on Highway 97 in the Cariboo region of British Columbia , Canada .
Hankey Pass , is situated in the Eastern Cape , province of South Africa , on the regional road R330 , between Humansdorp and Hankey .
Sinclairsholm Castle ( Swedish : Sinclairsholms slott ) is a castle in Hässleholm Municipality , Scania , in southern Sweden .
La Madre Mountain Wilderness Area consists of 47,180 acres ( 19,090 ha ) covering a part of Clark County , Nevada , that lies just west of the city of Las Vegas , between that city and Mount Charleston .
Schnait is a town district or Stadtteil within the town of Weinstadt ( `` Wine City '' ) in Rems - Murr district , Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
KNTH ( branded as 1070 The Answer ) AM is a news / talk radio station serving the Houston , Texas metropolitan area .
The Dyck Arboretum of the Plains is a thirteen - acre ( 53,000 m² ) botanical garden at Hesston College in Hesston , Kansas .
Steilacoom Community Church is a Protestant church in Steilacoom , Washington , founded in 1883 .
Didar Qoli ( Persian : ديدارقلي‎ , also Romanized as Dīdār Qolī ) is a village in Susan - e Sharqi Rural District , Susan District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kožuhe ( Cyrillic : Кожухе ) is a village in the municipality of Doboj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Abu Tavayoj ( Persian : ابوتويج‎ , also Romanized as Abū Ţavayoj , Abū Ţavīj , Abū Ţovayyej , and Abū Ţoveyj ) is a village in Abdoliyeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramshir County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Mohammadabad - e Seyyed Nezam ( Persian : محمدابادسيدنظام‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammadābād - e Seyyed Neẓām ; also known as Moḩammadābād - e Seyyed Neẓāmī ) is a village in Kork and Nartich Rural District , in the Central District of Bam County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Blinów Drugi ( ˈblinuf ˈdruɡi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szastarka , within Kraśnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Ganllwyd is a small village and community in southern Gwynedd , Wales .
Montgomery Catholic Preparatory School ( MCPS ) is a K-12 Catholic school in Montgomery , Alabama .
Kaj Bid - e Bala ( Persian : كج بيدبالا‎ , also Romanized as Kaj Bīd - e Bālā ; also known as Kaj Bīd ) is a village in Golestan Rural District , in the Central District of Jajrom County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Churs Rural District ( Persian : دهستان چورس‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Chaypareh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Arbabi - ye Sofla ( Persian : اربابي سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Ārbābī - ye Soflá ) is a village in Kavar Rural District , in the Central District of Kavar County , Fars Province , Iran .
Longshan County ( simplified Chinese : 龙山县 ; traditional Chinese : 龍山縣 ; pinyin : Lóngshān Xiàn ; literally : `` dragon mountain '' ) is under the administration of Xiangxi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture , Hunan province , China .
Middlebrook Schools is a historic public school building complex located at Middlebrook , Augusta County , Virginia .
Irénée - Marie Ecological Reserve ( French : Réserve écologique Irénée - Marie ) is an ecological reserve in the unorganized territory of Rivière - de - la - Savane , in Mékinac Regional County Municipality , in Quebec , Canada .
Brukalice ( brukaˈlit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ziębice , within Ząbkowice Śląskie County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Cowlands is a hamlet at the head of Coombe Creek southeast of Playing Place in Cornwall , England .
Lake Casitas is a man - made lake in the Los Padres National Forest of Ventura County , California , created by the construction of Casitas Dam on Coyote Creek , two miles ( 3 km ) before it joins the Ventura River .
The House at 136 Hampstead Street in Methuen , Massachusetts is a well - preserved rural Greek Revival farmhouse .
Maćkowicze ( mat͡ɕkɔˈvʲit͡ʂɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Мацьковичі , Mats’kovychi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielnik , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
The Mustang Mountains are a mountain range located in the southeast region of Arizona , are on the northwest side of Fort Huachuca .
Alcara li Fusi is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily , located about 120 kilometres ( 75 mi ) east of Palermo and about 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) west of Messina .
J&L Tunnel is a tunnel on CSX Transportation 's Pittsburgh Subdivision , at the former location of Jones and Laughlin Steel Company ( now the SouthSide Works ) .
The Reservoir Avenue Sewage Pumping Station is an historic wastewater pumping facility on the south side of the junction of Reservoir and Pontiac Avenues in southern Providence , Rhode Island .
The Wildenstein & Company Building is an edifice that stands at 19 East 64th Street , near Madison Avenue on Manhattan , New York City 's Upper East Side .
The Bundesstraße 169 ( abbreviation : B169 ) is a German federal highway in Brandenburg and i Saxony .
Farvar ( Persian : فرور‎ , also Romanized as Farvār ) is a village in Lajran Rural District , in the Central District of Garmsar County , Semnan Province , Iran .
The National Bank of Cambodia ( NBC ) ( Khmer : ធនាគារជាតិនៃកម្ពុជា ) , located in Phnom Penh , is the central bank of Cambodia .
CKRC - FM is a radio station in Weyburn , Saskatchewan , Canada that operates at 103.5 FM .
The Boysen Dam is a rockfill dam on the Wind River in the U.S. state of Wyoming .
Szopowe ( ʂɔˈpɔvɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów , within Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Mount Rainier ( pronounced : /reɪˈnɪər/ ) , Mount Tacoma , or Mount Tahoma is the highest mountain of the Cascade Range of the Pacific Northwest , and the highest mountain in the state of Washington .
Kimtah Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington , in a cirque to the west of Kimtah Peak and east of Cosho Peak .
North Hulu Sungai Regency is one of the nine regencies in the Indonesian province of South Kalimantan .
Mount Pritchard is a suburb of Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia 34 kilometres south - west of the Sydney central business district , in the local government area of the City of Fairfield and is part of the South - western Sydney region .
All communities on Rebun Island are part of the town of Rebun in Rebun District .
Qazi Kalayeh ( Persian : قاضي كلايه‎ , also Romanized as Qāẕī Kalāyeh ) is a village in Ziaran Rural District , in the Central District of Abyek County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Zangeneh - ye Bon Rud ( Persian : زنگنه بنرود‎ , also Romanized as Zangeneh - ye Bon Rūd ; also known as Zangeneh ) is a village in Dasht - e Arzhan Rural District , Arzhan District , Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
The La Sal Mountains or La Sal Range are a mountain range located in Grand and San Juan counties , Utah along the Utah / Colorado border .
Dugolbandeh ( Persian : دوگل بنده‎ , also Romanized as Dūgolbandeh ; also known as Dogolbandeh ) is a village in Satar Rural District , Kolyai District , Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Art International Radio was an online , non - profit cultural Internet radio station that was also home to the Clocktower Gallery an historic New York City alternative exhibition space .
Old Newburgh Presbyterian Church ( also known as Newburgh Town Hall ) is a historic church at N. State and W. Main Streets in Newburgh , Indiana .
Eberswalde Hauptbahnhof is historically the most important and now the only remaining station in the city of Eberswalde in the German state of Brandenburg .
Lake Noquebay is a large freshwater lake in northeastern Wisconsin .
Louisa County Airport ( IATA : LOW , ICAO : KLKU , FAA LID : LKU ) , also known as Freeman Field , is a public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) southeast of the central business district of Louisa , a town in Louisa County , Virginia , United States .
Kedington is a village located between Clare and Haverhill in south - west Suffolk .
Kutuleh Hasan ( Persian : كوتوله حسن‎‎ , also Romanized as Kūtūleh Hasan ) is a village in Gol Gol Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Rabor ( Persian : رابر‎‎ , also Romanized as Rābor and Raber ; also known as Rābur and Rāhbur ) is a city in and the capital of Rabor County , Kerman Province , Iran .
St. Ursula Catholic School or Sekolah Menengah Katolik Santa Ursula is an all - girl Catholic school located in Jakarta , Indonesia .
Rudbar Dasht ( Persian : رودباردشت‎ , also Romanized as Rūdbār Dasht ) is a village in Bala Khiyaban - e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Wapadsberg Pass , ( English : Wagon Tracks Mountain ) is a mountain pass situated in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa , on the regional road R61 , between Graaff - Reinet and Cradock , Eastern Cape .
Rubizhne ( Ukrainian : Рубіжне , Russian : Рубежное , Rubezhnoye ) is a city of oblast significance in Luhansk Oblast of Ukraine .
Great Conglomerate Falls drops 30 feet ( 9.1 m ) on the Black River in Michigan .
Strawberry Valley in Nye County , Nevada , is a landform `` traversed by U.S. 95 for about two miles , which opens into the Amargosa Desert at Point of Rocks at the southeast end of the Specter Range '' .
Balch Fieldhouse is a 4,000 , at one point seating 7,000 , seat multi - purpose arena in Boulder , Colorado .
Khandaghosh ( community development block ) ( Bengali : খণ্ডঘোষ সমষ্টি উন্নয়ন ব্লক ) is an administrative division in Bardhaman Sadar South subdivision of Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Central Visual and Performing Arts High School ( also known as Central VPA High School or Central High School ) is a magnet high school in St. Louis , Missouri , part of the St. Louis Public Schools .
The University of Saskatchewan Rutherford Arena is a hockey rink constructed in 1929 , with its official opening in January , 1930 .
The Diefenbaker Bridge is a Canadian bridge that spans the North Saskatchewan River in Prince Albert , Saskatchewan .
The Federal Highway Administration ( FHWA ) , the Federal Transit Administration ( FTA ) , and the Alaska Department of Transportation and Public Facilities ( DOT&PF ) are leading the Seward Highway to Glenn Highway Connection ( also known as Highway to Highway or H2H ) , a proposed project in Anchorage , Alaska .
The Bridge of Lions is a double - leaf bascule bridge that spans the Intracoastal Waterway in St. Augustine , Florida .
Llangefni ( Welsh pronunciation : ( ɬanˈɡɛvni ) ) is the county town of Anglesey in Wales and contains the principal offices of the Isle of Anglesey County Council .
Schinznach - Dorf is a former municipality in the district of Brugg in canton of Aargau in Switzerland .
Father Panik Village was a housing project located in Bridgeport , Connecticut .
Malpica de Bergantiños ( or simply Malpica ) is a municipality of northwestern Spain in the province of A Coruña , in the autonomous community of Galicia .
Beiwangli ( Chinese : 北王里 ; pinyin : Běiwánglǐ ) is a town in Zhao County in southwestern Hebei , China , located 12 kilometres ( 7.5 mi ) west of the county seat .
Old Adobe Barn , also known as Adobe Post Office , is a historic barn in La Grange , California .
Médan is a village in the Yvelines department , Ile - de - France region , in the northwestern suburbs of Paris , France , about 25 km from the capital .
Moor Crichel is a village and civil parish in East Dorset , England situated on Cranborne Chase five miles east of Blandford Forum .
The Arkell Museum is a museum in Canajoharie , New York that has an extensive collection of American paintings , primarily from 1860 - -1940 , as well as historical exhibits about the history of the Mohawk River Valley and of the Beech - Nut babyfood company .
Daq - e Bohlul ( Persian : دق بهلول‎ , also Romanized as Daq - e Bohlūl ) is a village in Khangiran Rural District , in the Central District of Sarakhs County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Abel I. Smith Burial Ground ( also spelled Able I. Smith Burial Ground ) was a family burial plot in Hudson County , New Jersey .
Bądle ( ˈbɔndlɛ ) ( German : Bandels ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
First Reformed Church of Schenectady is located at 8 North Church Street in the Historic Stockade District of Schenectady , New York and is a member of the Reformed Church in America .
Sułkówek ( suu̯ˈkuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Tahuneh - ye Qazi ( Persian : طاحونه قاضي‎ , also Romanized as Ţāḥūneh - ye Qāz̤ī ; also known as Asīyāb - e Qāz̤ī ( Persian : اسياب قاضي ) and Asīyābqāz̤ī ) is a village in Fathabad Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Cayson Mound and Village Site ( 8CA3 ) is a prehistoric archaeological site located near Blountstown , Florida .
Sarbice Drugie ( sarˈbit͡sɛ ˈdruɡʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łopuszno , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Żaczki ( ˈʐat͡ʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów , within Łęczyca County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Stonington Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : 93B ) is a public airport located one mile ( 1.6 km ) northwest of the central business district ( CBD ) of Stonington , a town in Hancock County , Maine , USA .
The Alice Springs Correctional Centre , an Australian medium to maximum security prison for males and females , is located 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) outside Alice Springs , Northern Territory , Australia .
The John Deere House and Shop is located in the unincorporated village of Grand Detour , Illinois , near the Lee County city of Dixon .
Ottawa / Casselman ( Shea Field ) Aerodrome ( TC LID : CSF7 ) is an aerodrome located 3.7 nautical miles ( 6.9 km ; 4.3 mi ) east of Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Marpole is a mostly residential neighbourhood of 23,832 in 2011 , located on the southern edge of the city of Vancouver , British Columbia , immediately northeast of Vancouver International Airport .
Ott 's Chapel ( also known as Ott 's Chapel Sunday School ) is a historic chapel in New Castle County , Delaware , located roughly halfway between Newark , Delaware and Elkton , Maryland on Ott 's Chapel Road .
Monsters , Inc. Mike & Sulley to the Rescue ! is a dark ride attraction at Disney California Adventure at the Disneyland Resort in Anaheim , California .
The Château de Couffour or Tour du Couffour is a ruined castle situated in the French commune of Chaudes - Aigues in the Cantal département .
Llandogo ( Welsh : Llaneuddogwy ) is a small village in Monmouthshire , south Wales , between Monmouth and Chepstow in the lower reaches of the Wye Valley AONB , two miles north of Tintern .
Granowice ( ɡranɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wądroże Wielkie , within Jawor County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Bouverie Street is a street in the City of London , off Fleet Street , which once was the home of some of Britain 's most widely circulated newspapers as well as the Whitefriars Priory .
Conway Methodist Church , 1898 and 1910 Sanctuaries , also known as First United Methodist Church , is a historic Methodist church located at Conway in Horry County , South Carolina .
Twardawa ( tfarˈdava ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogówek , within Prudnik County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
Bilyabin ( Persian : بيليابين‎ , also Romanized as Bīlyābīn ) is a village in Kuhestani - ye Talesh Rural District , in the Central District of Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Sar Zard ( Persian : سرزرد‎ ) is a village in Dalfard Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kodesar ( Devnagari:कोदेसर ) is a village and a Gram Panchayat in Jhunjhunu district in the state of Rajasthan , India .
Concordia University Chicago is an American private , Lutheran liberal arts university located in the village of River Forest , Illinois , 10 miles west of Chicago .
Yongchang Town ( Chinese : 永昌镇 ) is the new county seat of Beichuan Qiang Autonomous County in Mianyang , Sichuan , China , one of the worst - hit area in the 2008 Sichuan earthquake .
Tunxi District ( simplified Chinese : 屯溪区 ; traditional Chinese : 屯溪區 ; pinyin : Túnxī qū ) forms the central district of Huangshan City , Anhui Province , People 's Republic of China .
Echo Summit ( also known as Johnson Pass ) is a mountain pass in the western United States , located in eastern El Dorado County , California .
Belvedere Lagoon is an artificial lagoon in the Marin County , California , community of Belvedere on San Francisco Bay .
The Elkhorn Mountains are a mountain range in southwestern Montana , part of the Rocky Mountains and are roughly 300,000 acres ( 1200 km² ) in size .
The Pittsburgh Central Downtown Historic District is a historic district in the Central Business District of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , United States .
Lucile Plane State Jail is a Texas Department of Criminal Justice state jail for women located in unincorporated Liberty County , Texas .
Boarhunt is a village and civil parish in the City of Winchester district of Hampshire , England , about 2 miles ( 3 kilometres ) north - east of Fareham .
Jesówka ( jɛˈsufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno , within Piaseczno County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Shirinak ( Persian : شيرينك‎ , also Romanized as Shīrīnak ; also known as Shiroonak and Shīrūnak ) is a village in Liravi - ye Jonubi Rural District , Imam Hassan District , Deylam County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Koheysh ( Persian : كهيش‎ , also Romanized as Kaheysh , Kahish , and Kahyesh ) is a village in Mollasani Rural District , in the Central District of Bavi County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The River Quoich or Quoich Water is a tributary of the River Dee in Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
Knockaderry is a village within County Limerick , Ireland .
Wat Khao Wong or Wat Kao Wong or Wat Khao Wong Phrohm - majan ( วัดเขาวงพรหมจรรย์ ) is a Buddhist temple in tambon Wang Hin , southeastern Uthai Thani Province , Thailand , near the border with Chai Nat Province .
Burrough Hill is an Iron Age hillfort in Burrough on the Hill , 7 miles ( 11 km ) south of Melton Mowbray in the English county of Leicestershire .
The Thurgood Marshall United States Courthouse is a Classical Revival courthouse located at 40 Centre Street on Foley Square in the Civic Center neighborhood of lower Manhattan in New York City .
Hardmead is a small village and civil parish in the Borough of Milton Keynes and ceremonial county of Buckinghamshire , England .
In 1800 the Canton of Arpajon was created then attached to the Arrondissement of Corbeil in the department of Seine - et - Oise .
Ghib ( Persian : غيب‎ , also Romanized as Ghīb ) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District , in the Zagros District of Chardaval County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Cleveland Lakefront Station is an Amtrak train station at North Coast Harbor in Cleveland , Ohio .
Jockey Club Government Secondary School or JCGSS ( Traditional Chinese : 賽馬會官立中學 ) , formed in 1960 , is a government funded full - time secondary school in Oxford Road , Kowloon Tong , Hong Kong .
Novo Airão is a municipality located in the state of Amazonas in northern Brazil on the Rio Negro River about 180 km upstream of Manaus .
Czarna Rola ( ˈt͡ʂarna ˈrɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlińsk , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Derazlu ( Persian : درازلو‎ , also Romanized as Derāzlū and Darazalū ; also known as Dahrehzalū and Derezelu ) is a village in Tula Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Pinhoe is a village on the north eastern outskirts of Exeter in the English county of Devon , which was incorporated into the city in 1966 .
Klewinowo ( klɛviˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Murdel ( Persian : موردل‎ , also Romanized as Mūrdel ) is a village in Shurab - e Tangazi Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Nowy Bud ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈbut ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzeleczki , within Krapkowice County , Opole Voivodeship in south - western Poland .
Arrowhead Recreation Area is located in and owned by the city of Claremont , New Hampshire , in Sullivan County .
Shab Kola ( Persian : شب كلا‎ , also Romanized as Shab Kolā ) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq - e Olya Rural District , Kolijan Rostaq District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
CICN - FM is a new radio station which will broadcast First Nations community radio programming on the frequency 104.3 MHz ( FM ) in Muskeg Lake Cree Nation , which is located within the city limits of Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Bożepole Małe ( bɔʐɛˈpɔlɛ ˈmawɛ ) ( German : Klein Boschpol ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyce , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
WSQX - FM is an NPR member radio station in south - central New York State .
São Miguel do Oeste is a municipality of the Brazilian state of Santa Catarina .
The Corner Brook Civic Centre , previously named the Canada Games Centre and the Pepsi Centre , is a 3,100-seat multi - purpose arena in Corner Brook , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Donkerbroek is a village in the municipality of Ooststellingwerf in the east of De Stellingwerven , the Netherlands .
Santi Aquila e Priscilla is a Roman Catholic church dedicated to saints Aquila and Priscilla in the quartiere Portuense ( Q.XI ) of Rome , on via Pietro Blaserna .
The C. Burton Hotel , also known as the Sycamore House , is located on NY 55 a mile west of Grahamsville , New York , United States .
Mijakowo ( mijaˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupno , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Elks Building and Theater on East Gurley Street in Prescott , Arizona is an Early Commercial style building built in 1904 .
Chenar - e Pidenguiyeh ( Persian : چنارپيدنگوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Chenār - e Pīdengū’īyeh ; also known as Pīdangū’īyeh and Pīdengū’īyeh ) is a village in Saghder Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Raspberry Plain is a historic property and former plantation in Loudoun County , Virginia , near Leesburg .
Liashur Sara - ye Olya ( Persian : لياشورسرائ عليا‎ , also Romanized as Līāshūr Sarā''-ye `` Olyā ; also known as Līāshūr Sarā ) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Mud District ( Persian : بخش مود‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Blikkiesdorp was built by the City of Cape Town in 2007 by Mayor Helen Zille .
The Heydar Aliyev Sports and Exhibition Complex is the main exhibition space of Baku , Azerbaijan .
Ball - e Dad Rahman ( Persian : بل دادرحمان‎ , also Romanized as Ball - e Dād Raḩmān and Bal - e Dād Raḩmān ) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District , Dashtiari District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Servus Credit Union Place ( or Servus Place for short ) is a $ 43-million multipurpose leisure centre that opened on September 30 , 2006 in St. Albert , Alberta .
Formerly licensed to Modesto , California , USA , the station was owned by Calvary Chapel of Modesto , Inc. On September 24 , 2012 , the Calvary Chapel of Modesto surrendered the license for KEQP - LP to the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) .
Sand Lake Wetland Management District is located in the U.S. state of South Dakota and is administered by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service .
Pocono Raceway ( formerly Pocono International Raceway ) also known as the Tricky Triangle , is a superspeedway located in the Pocono Mountains of Pennsylvania at Long Pond .
Leszczyn ( ˈlɛʂt͡ʂɨn ) ( German : Lestin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rymań , within Kołobrzeg County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Woodland Park Zoo is a zoological garden located in the Phinney Ridge neighborhood of Seattle , Washington .
Mashak - e Tehranchi ( Persian : ماشك تهرانچي‎ , also Romanized as Māshak - e Tehrānchī ; also known as Māshak ) is a village in Kurka Rural District , in the Central District of Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Meshkin Tappeh ( Persian : مشكين تپه‎ , also Romanized as Meshkīn Tappeh and Moshkīn Tappeh ; also known as Qeshlāq - e Moshgīn and Qishlāq Mushkīn ) is a village in Zahray - ye Bala Rural District , in the Central District of Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Poncha Pass ( 9,010 ft/2,745 m ) is a mountain pass in South - Central Colorado ( USA ) .
Lyddington Bede House is a historic house in Rutland , England , owned and opened to the public by English Heritage .
Zardanjan ( Persian : زردنجان‎ , also Romanized as Zardanjān and Zardenjan ; also known as Zardanjān Jey ) is a village in Jey Rural District , in the Central District of Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Khaneh Vaneh ( Persian : خانه وانه‎ , also Romanized as Khāneh Vāneh ; also known as Khana - Vona and Khānevāneh ) is a village in Sardar - e Jangal Rural District , Sardar - e Jangal District , Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Santiago Sochiapan is a municipality located in the south of the Papaloapan zone in the central zone of the State of Veracruz , about 240 km from state capital Xalapa .
The Salmon Glacier is a glacier located ~25 km ( 16 mi ) north of Stewart , British Columbia , and Hyder , Alaska , just on the Canadian side of the border .
KMNV ( 1400 AM ) is a radio station in the Twin Cities area of Minnesota that airs a Spanish - language music and entertainment format .
FC Den Bosch ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ɛfˈseː dɛmˈbɔs ) ) is a football club from ' s - Hertogenbosch , The Netherlands .
Area code 580 serves the state of Oklahoma , serving places away from the Oklahoma City or Tulsa areas , including :
Tanah Laut Regency is one of the regencies in the Indonesian province of South Kalimantan .
Sirom ( Persian : سيرم‎‎ , also Romanized as Sīrom and Sīrūm ) is a village in Tang - e Haft Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Mount Con Reid is a mountain on Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada , located 23 km ( 14 mi ) east of Gold River and 4 km ( 2 mi ) northeast of El Piveto Mountain .
Mandalay State Beach , also called Mandalay County Park , is a protected beach of California , United States , in the city of Oxnard .
Koveyk ( Persian : كويك‎ ; also known as Gū’īk , Kavā``īk , Kawaik , Kūek , and Kwaik ) is a village in Jask Rural District , in the Central District of Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 579 , in 120 families .
The Cape Henry Memorial commemorates the first landfall at Cape Henry , in Virginia Beach , Virginia , of colonists bound for the Jamestown settlement .
The William Starr Miller House is a mansion located at 1048 Fifth Avenue , in the Borough of Manhattan on the Upper East Side of New York City .
Inierie is a stratovolcano located in the south - central part of the island of Flores , Indonesia , overlooking the Savu Sea .
The Gray Cliff Historic District is a residential historic district encompassing a cluster of exceptionally high quality houses built in Newton , Massachusetts , between about 1890 and 1940 .
Nivan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان نيوان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Golpayegan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Hervanta is a large suburb , or satellite city , of Tampere in Finland , located next to Hallila some 10 km south of the city centre .
Capenhurst is a village and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire , England and located on the Wirral Peninsula to the south west of the town of Ellesmere Port .
Portal de l'Àngel ( Catalan pronunciation : ( purˈtaɫ də ˈɫaɲʒəɫ ) ) is a pedestrian street in the Ciutat Vella district of Barcelona adjacent to Plaça Catalunya , and part of the large shopping area that spans from Avinguda Diagonal to Barri Gòtic .
Atholton High School is a high school in Columbia , Maryland and is a part of the Howard County public school system .
Glodeni District is a district ( Moldovan : raion ) in northwestern Moldova , with its administrative center at Glodeni .
Anieliny ( aɲeˈlinɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadki , within Nakło County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Gabdegah ( Persian : گابدگاه‎ , also Romanized as Gābdegāh ; also known as Gowdehgāv , Gowdgāh , and Gūdgāh ) is a village in Jereh Rural District , Jereh and Baladeh District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Mochów ( ˈmɔxuf ) , German Mochau , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogówek , within Prudnik County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
Black Rock High School is an accredited comprehensive public high school located in Black Rock , Arkansas , United States .
KBBZ ( 98.5 FM , `` B98.5 '' ) is a commercial radio station in Kalispell , Montana , broadcasting to the Kalispell - Flathead Valley , Montana , area .
Salman Bandar ( Persian : سلمان بندر‎ , also Romanized as Salmān Bandar ) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District , Shavur District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Michak ( Persian : ميچك‎ , also Romanized as Mīchak ; also known as Mishake ) is a village in Aq Kahriz Rural District , Nowbaran District , Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Rifugio Guglielmina was an historic alpine hut on the South side of the Monte Rosa range at 2880 m above sea level , situated in the commune of Alagna Valsesia , Piedmont , Italy .
Azreh - ye Mokarrami ( Persian : ازره مكرمي‎ , also Romanized as Azreh - ye Mokarramī ) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District , Kuzaran District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Sazeman - e Mirza Baylu ( Persian : سازمان ميرزابايلو‎ , also Romanized as Sāzemān - e Mīrzā Bāylū ) is a village in Golestan Rural District , in the Central District of Jajrom County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Ardencaple Castle , also known as Ardincaple Castle , and sometimes referred to as Ardencaple Castle Light , is a listed building , situated about 1 statute mile ( 1.6 km ) from Helensburgh , Argyll and Bute , Scotland .
Maindample is a town in north east Victoria ( Australia ) .
The Molalla River State Park is located in U.S. state of Oregon .
Grądy - Woniecko ( ˈɡrɔndɨ vɔˈɲet͡skɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutki , within Zambrów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Tilka Manjhi Bhagalpur University , also known as Bhagalpur University , is a public university in Bhagalpur , Bihar , India .
Pijawnia ( piˈjavɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiątkowo , within Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kolanjin ( Persian : كلنجين‎ , also Romanized as Kolanjīn , Kalanjīn , Kolangīn , Kolenjīn , and Qūlānjīn ) is a village in Kharaqan - e Sharqi Rural District , Abgarm District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Ski Bradford ( also known as Bradford Ski Area ) is a small ski area located in the Bradford section of Haverhill , Massachusetts .
The Growler Valley is a valley of south - central Arizona west of Ajo , Arizona .
Zwedru is the capital of Grand Gedeh County , one of the 15 counties in Liberia .
David 's Airport ( FAA LID : 9C2 ) , also known as David 's Field , is a privately owned , public - use airport located in Branch County , Michigan , United States .
Christ Temple AME Zion Church , also known as Belmont Annex Fellowship Hall , is a historic African - American church at 235 E. Meeting Street in Dandridge , Tennessee .
Sant'Andrea della Valle is a basilica church in the rione of Sant'Eustachio of the city of Rome , Italy .
Radio Kootwijk is a small town in the Dutch municipality of Apeldoorn , with approximately 120 inhabitants ( in 2006 ) .
The John Anderson Lodge is an historic site in Ormond Beach , Florida , United States , built for Ormond Beach promoter John Anderson ( 1853 - -1911 ) .
The Princeton Battle Monument is located in Princeton , New Jersey , adjacent to Morven and Princeton 's borough hall .
Crow Island School in Winnetka , Illinois , is an elementary school significant for its progressive philosophy and its International Style architecture .
The Jacob Raphael Building is a historic building located just north of downtown Davenport , Iowa , United States .
Brimfield State Forest is a Massachusetts state forest located in and around the town of Brimfield in Hampden County , Massachusetts .
Seyyed Ramazan ( Persian : سيدرمضان‎ , also Romanized as Seyyed Ramaẕān ; also known as Hāyeţ ) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Braeburn Range is a mountain range in the Tasman Region of New Zealand 's South Island .
Conchas Lake Seaplane Base ( FAA LID : E61 ) is a public use seaplane base located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) southwest of the central business district of Conchas Dam , in San Miguel County , New Mexico , United States .
The Feistritz Saddle ( German : Feistritzsattel , el . 1298 m. ) is a high mountain pass in the Austrian Alps between the Bundesländer of Lower Austria and Styria .
Enmelen ( Russian : Энмелен ; Chukchi : Энмылъын ; Yupik : Ынмылин ) is a village ( selo ) in Providensky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug , in the Far Eastern Federal District of Russia .
Huron Regional Airport ( IATA : HON , ICAO : KHON , FAA LID : HON ) is a city owned , public airport in Huron , in Beadle County , South Dakota .
Jaczkowice ( jat͡ʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oława , within Oława County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Deh Kahan ( Persian : ده كهان‎ , also Romanized as Deh Kahān , Deh - e Kahān , Deh - e Kāhn , and Deh Kahn ; also known as Deh Kahnū and Deh Kehnu ) is a village in Deh Kahan Rural District , Aseminun District , Manujan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
WVOH - FM ( 93.5 FM ) is a radio station licensed in Nicholls , Georgia , USA .
Baudour is a village near the Belgian towns of Saint - Ghislain and Mons in the province of Hainaut .
Burr Oak State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Ohio , located mostly in Morgan County , with part extending into Athens County .
St Fionnlagh 's Chapel ( St Finla 's Chapel ) is a ruined medieval chapel on Cara Island , Argyll and Bute , Scotland .
The Lynnhaven House , also Wishart - Boush House , Wishart House , and Boush House , which was built circa 1725 , is an example of 18th century Tidewater Virginia vernacular architecture and is located in Virginia Beach , Virginia .
Ianstown is a small village on the Moray Firth in Scotland .
Pendle Heritage Centre is a museum and visitor centre in Barrowford , Lancashire , England , dedicated to the history and heritage of Pendle .
Karji Madan ( Persian : كارجي معدن‎ , also Romanized as Kārjī Maʿdan ; also known as Kārjī ) is a village in Firuzeh Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzeh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Lajpore is biggest village in Choryasi Taluka of Surat District located 20 km South of Surat on Surat - Navsari road Surat , India .
The Steble Fountain stands in William Brown Street , Liverpool , England , to the west of Wellington 's Column .
Heruz - e Sofla ( Persian : هروزسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Herūz - e Soflá and Harūz - e Soflá , Herūz , Herūz - e Pā’īn , and Harūz - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Heruz Rural District , Kuhsaran District , Ravar County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Machnówek ( maxˈnuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulhówek , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Cloonfad ( Irish : Cluain Fada , meaning `` long meadow '' ) is a village in County Roscommon , Ireland , at the crossroads of the N83 National secondary road and the R327 regional road , about 10 km from the town of Ballyhaunis in Co. Mayo .
Święte Laski ( ˈɕfjɛntɛ ˈlaski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maków , within Skierniewice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Hajjiabad - e Pas Kuhak ( Persian : حاجي ابادپس كوهك‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād - e Pas Kūhak ; also known as Ḩājjīābād ) is a village in Qarah Chaman Rural District , Arzhan District , Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Walmer Road Baptist Church is a Baptist church located at 188 Lowther Avenue at Walmer Road , in The Annex neighbourhood of Toronto , Ontario .
Mahmudabad - e Gomar ( Persian : محمودابادگمار‎ , also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād - e Gomār ) is a village in Kushk Rural District , Abezhdan District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Clarencefield is a small village in Ruthwell Parish between Dumfries and Annan in Dumfries and Galloway , Scotland .
Nyzhnia Velesnytsia ( Ukrainian : Нижня Велесниця ) is a small village in Kolomyia Raion of Ivano - Frankivsk Oblast of Ukraine .
Mazhareh ( Persian : مژاره‎ , also Romanized as Mazhāreh ; also known as Mazhādeh ) is a village in Sarab Bagh Rural District , Sarab Bagh District , Abdanan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Tall - e Gorosneh ( Persian : تل گرسنه‎ ) is a village in Dorunak Rural District , Zeydun District , Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Dar Bahareh ( Persian : داربهاره‎ , also Romanized as Dār Bahāreh ) is a village in Dorunak Rural District , Zeydun District , Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Sardrud - e Olya Rural District ( Persian : دهستان سردرودعليا‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Sardrud District , Razan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Nowe Trzepowo ( ˈnɔvɛ tʂɛˈpɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Whitebank Stadium on White Bank Road , Oldham is a rugby league and association football stadium which forms part of Limehurst Village .
Bincombe is a small village , or hamlet , and civil parish in the West Dorset district of Dorset , England , situated 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) north of Weymouth .
Vosuqabad ( Persian : وثوق اباد‎ , also Romanized as Vos̄ūqābād ) is a village in Eqbal - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
The Stele Forest , or Xi'an Beilin Museum ( 碑林 ; pinyin : Bēilín ) , is a museum for steles and stone sculptures which is located in Xi'an , China .
The Babilonie is a hillfort of the La Tène culture at a height of 255.6 metres above sea level on the northern edge of a rounded hill in the Wiehen Hills above the Lübbecke village of Obermehnen in the district of Minden - Lübbecke in the German state of North Rhine - Westphalia .
Estalkh Zir ( Persian : اسطلخ زير‎ , also Romanized as Esţalkh Zīr ; also known as Seleh Cher ) is a village in Sheykh Neshin Rural District , Shanderman District , Masal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Uściąż - Kolonia ( ˈuɕt͡ɕɔ̃ʂ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karczmiska , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Seneca Park was the last park designed by Frederick Law Olmsted in Louisville , Kentucky , United States .
Dumiti ( Persian : دوميتي‎ , also Romanized as Dūmītī ; also known as Dīmītī ) is a village in Jam Rural District , in the Central District of Jam County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
The Yuba City Charter School is a K-12 public school located in Yuba City , California .
Pergine Valsugana ( German : Fersen i m Suganertal , Pèrzen in local dialect ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 9 kilometres ( 6 mi ) east of Trento .
Ammapalem is a village in Konijerla mandal in Khammam district of Telangana state in India .
Peykulah ( Persian : پيكوله‎ , also Romanized as Peykūlah ; also known as Pey Kolā , Peykolah , and Pey Koleh ) is a village in Gowavar Rural District , Govar District , Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Lesbury is a small rural village in Northumberland in the north of England .
The Canal Generating Plant is a petroleum and natural gas electrical power station located in Sandwich , Massachusetts .
Bazów ( ˈbazuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łoniów , within Sandomierz County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Em Agaleh Maravaneh ( Persian : ام عگله مراونه‎ , also Romanized as Em ʿAgaleh Marāvaneh ) is a village in Elhayi Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Maihaugen ( De Sandvigske Samlinger på Maihaugen , Lillehammer ) is one of the most visited tourist attractions in Lillehammer , Norway .
Shad Mehrak ( Persian : شادمهرك‎ , also Romanized as Shād Mehrak ; also known as Mehrābād ) is a village in Rivand Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Stony Point High School is a high school in the Round Rock Independent School District ( RRISD ) in Round Rock , Texas , USA .
The Golden Horseshoe Stage ( referred to as Pecos Bill 's Golden Horseshoe Saloon during construction ) opened in 1955 with several other original attractions at Disneyland Park in Anaheim , California .
The Laleli Mosque ( Turkish : Laleli Camii , or Tulip Mosque ) is an 18th - century Ottoman imperial mosque located in Laleli , Fatih , Istanbul , Turkey .
Nieznanice ( ɲɛznaˈnit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłomnice , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Vilafranca del Penedès , or simply Vilafranca ( Catalan pronunciation : ( biləˈfɾaŋkə ) ) , is the capital of the comarca of the Alt Penedès in Catalonia , Spain .
Stanpit is a historic village in the borough of Christchurch , Dorset , in southern England .
Lake Lurleen is a public reservoir located in Tuscaloosa County , in west central Alabama .
CJFB - FM is a community / tourist information radio service that operates at 105.5 FM ( soon to be 102.7 FM ) in Bolton , Ontario .
The Pulgas Water Temple is a stone structure west of I-280 at 86 Cañada Road , Woodside , California , USA , designed by architect William G. Merchant .
Trzebiesza ( tʂɛˈbjɛʂa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Kanalski Lom ( pronounced ( kaˈnaːlski ˈloːm ) ) is a village in the hills south of Most na Soči in the Municipality of Tolmin in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Quch - e Emam ( Persian : قوچ امام‎ , also Romanized as Qūch - e Emām ; also known as Qūch - e Emāmeh and Qūch - e Emāmī ) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District , in the Central District of Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Cabeza Prieta National Wildlife Refuge ( CPNWR ) is located in southwestern Arizona in the United States , along 56 miles ( 90 km ) of the Mexico--
Ajarostaq ( Persian : اجارستاق‎ , also Romanized as Ajārostāq ; also known as Ajārestān ) is a village in Tangeh Soleyman Rural District , Kolijan Rostaq District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Forg Rural District ( Persian : دهستان فورگ‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Forg District , Darab County , Fars Province , Iran .
James Oliver Johnson High School , more commonly referred to as J.O. Johnson High School or J.O.J. , is a public high school located in the northwest area of Huntsville , Alabama .
Fort Crawford was an outpost of the United States Army located in Prairie du Chien , Wisconsin , during the 19th Century .
Gałkówek - Parcela ( ɡau̯ˈkuvɛk parˈt͡sɛla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki , within Łódź East County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Balnagown Castle is located beside the village of Kildary in Easter Ross , part of the Highland area of Scotland .
Alto Baudó ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈalto βauˈðo ) ) is a municipality and town in the Chocó Department , Colombia .
Mowla Qoli ( Persian : مولاقلي‎ , also Romanized as Mowlā Qolī ; also known as Mowlāābād ) is a village in Vardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Semirom County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Tour Total ( previously known as Tour Elf from 1985 to 1999 , and Tour TotalFinaElf from 1999 to 2003 ) is an office skyscraper located in La Défense , Courbevoie , the high - rise business district west of and adjacent to the city of Paris , France designed in the Modern architectural style .
Baba Bahram ( Persian : بابابهرام‎ , also Romanized as Bābā Bahrām ) is a village in Malavi Rural District , in the Central District of Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Silver King Mine is an inactive silver mine located near Superior , Arizona in the United States .
The Former Machias Valley Grange , No . 360 is a social and civic meeting hall at 1 Elm Street in Machias , Maine .
Hagerstown Regional Airport ( IATA : HGR , ICAO : KHGR , FAA LID : HGR ) , also known as Richard A. Henson Field , is a county - owned public - use airport in Washington County , Maryland , United States .
East Liberty Auto Plant is a Honda factory in East Liberty , Ohio , United States .
Sighignola is a mountain of the Como Prealps , located on the border between the Italian region of Lombardy and the Swiss canton of Ticino .
North Olmsted High School is a public high school located in the Cleveland suburb of North Olmsted , Ohio .
The William R. Thorsen House , often referred to as the Thorsen House , was built in 1909 in Berkeley , California , by William Randolph Thorsen and Caroline Canfield Thorsen .
Maojian District ( simplified Chinese : 茅箭区 ; traditional Chinese : 茅箭區 ; pinyin : Máojiàn Qū ) is a district of the city of Shiyan , Hubei , People 's Republic of China .
Perkins Field ( FAA LID : UØ8 ) is a public use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) north of the central business district of Overton , in Clark County , Nevada , United States .
Altınözü ( Arabic : القصير‎ , al - Quṣayr ) is a district in the south - east of Hatay Province of Turkey , on the border between Turkey and Syria .
The S. Cornelia Young Memorial Library ( also known as the Cornelia Young Memorial Library or `` Old Corny '' ) is a historic library in Daytona Beach , Florida , United States .
The San Diego Hall of Champions is an American multi - sport museum in San Diego , California .
L'Escala ( Castilian Spanish : La Escala ) is a municipality in the comarca of the Alt Empordà in Girona , Catalonia , Spain .
Grabszczyzna ( ɡrapʂˈt͡ʂɨzna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strachówka , within Wołomin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The University Avenue Bridge is a double - leaf bascule bridge crossing the Schuylkill River in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Guilderland High School is a public senior high school , located in Guilderland Center , New York .
Kuh Pareh ( Persian : كوهپاره‎ , also Romanized as Kūh Pāreh ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Ottawa USD 290 is a Unified school district in Ottawa , Kansas .
Egton is a village and civil parish in the Scarborough local administration district of North Yorkshire county , England , about 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) west of Whitby , and located within the North York Moors National Park .
Rolling Hills Country Day School is a nonsectarian independent Kindergarten to Grade 8 school located on the Palos Verdes Peninsula in Los Angeles County , California .
Aigel ( Persian : ايگل‎ , also Romanized as Āīgel , Īgel , Āīgal , and Īgol ) is a village in Rudbar - e Qasran Rural District , Rudbar - e Qasran District , Shemiranat County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Nottingham Airport ( IATA : NQT , ICAO : EGBN ) , also known as Nottingham City Airport , is located in Tollerton , Nottinghamshire , England .
Teverola is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region Campania , located about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) north of Naples and about 12 kilometres ( 7 mi ) southwest of Caserta .
Charlies Bunion rises to an elevation of 5,565 feet ( 1,696 m ) above sea level , and is situated along the state line between Sevier County , Tennessee and Swain County , North Carolina .
Pandankary is a hamlet in Edathua Panchayat , Kuttanadu Taluk , Alapuzha ( Alleppey ) District , Kerala , India .
The Houlgate battery ( also called the Battery de Tournebride ) was a World War II German artillery battery constructed close to the French village of Houlgate in the Calvados department in the Basse - Normandie region .
The Fenner Hills are a low mountain range in the eastern Mojave Desert , in eastern San Bernardino County , southern California .
The Basilica of Santa Maria in Trastevere ( English : Our Lady in Trastevere ) is a titular minor basilica in the Trastevere district of Rome , and one of the oldest churches of Rome .
Bala Joneyd - e Lakpol ( Persian : بالاجنيدلاك پل‎ , also Romanized as Bālā Joneyd - e Lākpol ) is a village in Balatajan Rural District , in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Pangborn - Herndon Memorial Site is a monument in East Wenatchee , Washington , United States , dedicated to Clyde Edward Pangborn and Hugh Herndon , Jr. , the two men who made the first non - stop flight across the Pacific Ocean .
Dharwad is the district headquarters of Dharwad district in the state of Karnataka , India .
NorthStone Country Club is a private club located in Huntersville , North Carolina in the center of NorthStone housing community .
Bromley Brook School was a therapeutic boarding school in Manchester Center , Vermont , for teenage girls who were not functioning at traditional schools .
Radzyny ( raˈd͡zɨnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kaźmierz , within Szamotuły County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
P.S. 157 is a historic school building located at 327 St. Nicholas Avenue between West 126th and West 127th Streets in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City .
Gouesnou ( Breton : Gouenoù ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north - western France .
Santa Rosa Creek Reservoir is a reservoir in Spring Lake Regional Park in the city of Santa Rosa , California , USA .
Schooner Channel , formerly Schooner Passage , is a strait on the east side of Bramham Island in the Central Coast region of British Columbia , Canada .
The Huron - Superior Catholic District School Board ( HSCDSB , known as English - language Separate District School Board No . 31 prior to 1999 ) is a separate school board for Sault Ste . Marie , Ontario , Canada , and surrounding communities .
Tiriz ( Persian : تيريز‎ , also Romanized as Tīrīz ; also known as Tarīz ) is a village in Shalil Rural District , Miankuh District , Ardal County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Lachowskie ( laˈxɔfskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Praszka , within Olesno County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Damsay is an islet in the Orkney archipelago in Scotland .
Parkway West High School is a public comprehensive high school in Ballwin , Missouri that is part of the Parkway School District .
Matagorda Island Air Force Base ( i/ˈmætəˈɡɔərdə/ ) is a closed military airfield on the north end of Matagorda Island , northeast of Corpus Christi , Texas .
Şişli Plaza is a tower in Istanbul , Turkey and has 40 residential floors , but rises above a 4-floor retail facility and has a 2-floor radio station on top ; making an overall total of 46 floors above ground .
Tara High School is one of several high schools in the East Baton Rouge Parish Public Schools District in Baton Rouge , Louisiana .
Świerszczyki ( ɕfjɛrʂˈt͡ʂɨki ) ( German : Ottoshöhe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipiany , within Pyrzyce County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Gipton is a suburb of East Leeds , West Yorkshire , England , between the A58 to the north and the A64 to the south .
Kituryki ( kituˈrɨki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
São Vicente Ferreira is a civil parish in the municipality of Ponta Delgada in the Portuguese archipelago of Azores .
Center Hill Lake is a reservoir in the U.S. state of Tennessee .
Pieryszew ( pjɛˈrɨʂɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny , within Gostynin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Gwyn Careg is a historic country estate on Wolf Den Road in the Abington section of Pomfret , Connecticut .
Pontrhydyfen ( or Pont - rhyd - y - fen ) is a small village in the Afan Valley , in Neath Port Talbot county borough in Wales .
Rutesheim is a German town located in Baden - Württemberg in the district of Böblingen .
Cleveland ( /ˈkliːvlənd/ KLEEV - lənd ) is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio and the county seat of Cuyahoga County , the most populous county in the state .
Courmes is a commune in the Alpes - Maritimes department in southeastern France , near the eastern part of Gorges - du - Loup .
Dhungad is a village development committee in Baitadi District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal which is located in the eastern part from headquarter of Baitadi district , this is the small village which is crossed by Seti river .
Taleqan County ( Persian : شهرستان طالقان‎ ) is a county in Alborz Province in Iran .
The Murdock School , also known as Old Murdock High School , is an historic school building on Murdock Avenue in Winchendon , Massachusetts .
Zielkowice ( ʑɛlkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz , within Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Szumanie - Pustoły ( ʂuˈmaɲe pusˈtɔwɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz , within Sierpc County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Gornje Kolibe ( Serbian : Горње Колибе ) is a village in the municipality of Bosanski Brod , Bosnia and Herzegovina with Bosniak ethnic majority .
Playa de las Américas is a purpose - built holiday resort in the southern and southern - west part of the Municipality of Arona , close to the adjoining Municipality of Adeje in the west of Tenerife , one of the Canary Islands .
Now Gabad ( Persian : نوگباد‎ , also Romanized as Now Gabād and Nūgebād ; also known as Nūgebār ) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District , Kuhpayeh District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Twin Cairns is a mountain located southeast of Simpson Pass in British Columbia , Canada .
Mount Bernard Complex , also known as Lightfoot 's Beaverdam Plantation and Kameschatka , is a historic plantation home and farm complex located near Maidens , Goochland County , Virginia .
Baskeh Rut ( Persian : باسكه روت‎ , also Romanized as Bāskeh Rūt ) is a village in Baryaji Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Opoka - Kolonia ( ɔˈpɔka kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Annopol , within Kraśnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Jefferson Community and Technical College ( JCTC ) , located in Louisville , Kentucky , is one of 16 two - year , open - admissions colleges of the Kentucky Community and Technical College System ( KCTCS ) .
Malešov ( German : Maleschau ) is a market town in Kutná Hora District , Central Bohemia , Czech Republic .
Hamadan Province ( Persian : استان همدان‎‎ ) , is one of the 31 provinces of Iran .
The Hellenic Classical Charter School is a Brooklyn , New York City Ethnic - culture based charter school that focuses on the `` `` classical study of the Greek and Latin languages , as well as history , art and other cultural studies . ''
Pastorius Park is a 16-acre ( 6.5-ha ) park in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , United States .
The Sidney Lanier Bridge is a cable - stayed bridge that spans the Brunswick River in Brunswick , Georgia , carrying four lanes of U.S. Route 17 .
Kenmore East High School ( also Kenmore East Senior High School ) is a high school in the Town of Tonawanda , New York .
Trumbull College is one of twelve undergraduate residential colleges of Yale University in New Haven , Connecticut .
Szczytnica ( ʂt͡ʂɨtˈnit͡sa ) ( German : Martinwaldau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta Bolesławiecka , within Bolesławiec County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Kingston Grammar School is an independent co - educational day school in Kingston upon Thames , south - west London .
South Lewis County Airport ( IATA : TDO , ICAO : KTDO , FAA LID : TDO ) , also known as Ed Carlson Memorial Field , is a county - owned public - use airport in Lewis County , Washington , United States .
Downtown Stamford is the central business district of the city of Stamford , Connecticut , USA .
Calang , the capital of the Aceh Jaya Regency of the special territory ( daerah istimewa ) of Aceh was on the island of Sumatra , Indonesia .
The George Giddings House and Barn is a historic First Period farm at 66 Choate Street in Essex , Massachusetts .
The Tobacco Root Mountains lie in the northern Rocky Mountains , between the Jefferson and Madison Rivers in southwest Montana .
Capuchino High School is a public high school in San Bruno , California , although the school is surrounded by the city of Millbrae on all but one corner .
Meldorf is the birthplace of mathematician Olaus Henrici , and the seat of the collective municipality Amt Mitteldithmarschen .
The Rock Ford Plantation or the General Edward Hand House is an historic house in Southeast Lancaster City , surrounded by Lancaster County Central Park , Lancaster County , Pennsylvania .
Rock Cut State Park is a state park of the U.S. state of Illinois .
Ed White Middle School was a public 6th through 8th grade middle school in Huntsville , Alabama .
The National Cycling Centre is a multipurpose cycling venue in Sportcity , Manchester , Great Britain .
Mongewell ( first syllable rhymes with sponge ) is a village in the civil parish of Crowmarsh , about 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) south of Wallingford in Oxfordshire .
Tefli ( Persian : تفلي‎ , also Romanized as Teflī and Taflī ; also known as Tavila and Tifli ) is a village in Kusalan Rural District , in the Central District of Sarvabad County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Řeporyje is a cadastral area of Prague .
The Lake Woodruff National Wildlife Refuge is part of the United States National Wildlife Refuge System , located in north central Florida , twenty - five miles west of Daytona Beach , off U.S. Highway 17 in DeLeon Springs .
Katwa ( Bengali : কাটোয়া ) is a town and the headquarters of Katwa subdivision in Bardhaman district of Indian state of West Bengal .
Keshvar Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كشور‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Saleh Davud ( Persian : صالح داود‎ , also Romanized as Şāleḥ Dāvūd and Şāleḥdāvūd ) is a village in Sorkheh Rural District , Fath Olmobin District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Bank of England Museum is located within the Bank of England in the City of London .
The Lopen Roman Mosaic is a Roman mosaic , probably from a Roman villa , in the village of Lopen , Somerset , England .
St Anthony Head is a National Trust property situated at the southernmost tip of the Roseland Peninsula , Cornwall , England , United Kingdom , overlooking the entrance to one of the world 's largest natural harbours :
CKUW - FM is the campus radio station at the University of Winnipeg in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada .
The Boekel Building is a historic factory building located in the Old City neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania at 505 - 515 Vine Street , west of North 5th Street .
The Bosque del Apache National Wildlife Refuge ( /ˈboʊskɛ dɛl əˈpætʃiː/ BOHS - ke del ə - PACH - ee ) , in southern Socorro County , New Mexico , is administered by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service .
Donbaki ( Persian : دنبكي‎ , also Romanized as Donbakī ) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District , Safayyeh District , Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Baofeng County ( Chinese : 宝丰县 ; Pinyin : Bǎofēng Xiàn ) is a county in Pingdingshan , Henan Province , China .
Piedra Vista High School ( PVHS ) is a public high school in Farmington , New Mexico ( USA ) founded in 1998 .
Red 's Eats is a take - out restaurant located on U.S. Route 1 in Wiscasset , Maine .
Mohave High School is the high school for Bullhead City , Arizona .
Gower Gulch is a nickname for the intersection of Sunset Boulevard and Gower Street in Hollywood , Los Angeles , California .
The John Messer Barn is a historic structure within the Great Smoky Mountains National Park in Sevier County , Tennessee , United States .
Gashkam ( Persian : گاشكم‎ , also Romanized as Gāshkam ; also known as Gāshgam ) is a village in Meyghan Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Morris Dam ( officially the Samuel B. Morris Dam ) is a concrete gravity dam across the San Gabriel River in the U.S. state of California .
WZFI - LP , known on - air as Lift FM , is a Contemporary Christian radio station licensed to Bridgeton , New Jersey .
Sar Qaleh Palmi ( Persian : سرقلعه پلمي‎ , also Romanized as Sar Qal``eh Palmī ) is a village in Susan - e Gharbi Rural District , Susan District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 159 people from 24 families .
Spotlight 29 Casino is an Indian casino in Coachella , California , owned and operated by the Twenty - Nine Palms Band of Mission Indians of California .
Mont Chapman ( elevation 658 metres ( 2,159 ft ) ) is the highest peak in the Stoke Mountains of the southern Notre Dame mountain range located in Stoke , Quebec , Canada .
Haaldersbroek is a hamlet in Zaanstad , North Holland in the Netherlands .
Bowlin 's Old Crater Trading Post is a former trading post which was located along historic U.S. Route 66 in Bluewater , New Mexico .
Nawojowa Góra ( navɔˈjɔva ˈɡura ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszowice , within Kraków County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Hejarak ( Persian : حجرك‎ , also Romanized as Ḩejarak ; also known as Kalāteh - ye Ḩejarak ) is a village in Borun Rural District , in the Central District of Ferdows County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Jimmy Stewart Museum is a museum dedicated to American actor James Stewart located in Indiana , Pennsylvania .
Bronków ( ˈbrɔnkuf ) ( formerly German Brancke ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowice , within Krosno Odrzańskie County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
WQQB ( 96.1 MHz , Q96 ) is a rhythmic - leaning CHR ( Top 40 ) radio station broadcasting in the Champaign / Urbana , Illinois , radio market .
The Lincoln Motor Company Plant was an automotive plant located at 6200 West Warren Avenue ( at Livernois ) in Detroit , Michigan , later known as the Detroit Edison Warren Service Center .
Artun ( Persian : ارتون‎ , also Romanized as Ārtūn ) is a village in Miyan Taleqan Rural District , in the Central District of Taleqan County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Carabaya Province is a province of the Puno Region in the southern part of Peru .
Backburn is a rural settlement near Gartly in Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
Duncan Island ( 36LA60,61 ) is a prehistoric archaeological site located in the Susquehanna River at Martic Township in Lancaster County , Pennsylvania .
Koti Lateh ( Persian : كتي لته‎ , also Romanized as Kotī Lateh ; also known as Kotī Latak ) is a village in Sharq va Gharb - e Shirgah Rural District , Shirgah District , Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Mount Rundle is a mountain in Canada 's Banff National Park overlooking the towns of Banff and Canmore , Alberta .
Bast Bagh ( Persian : بست باغ‎ , also Romanized as Bast Bāgh ) is a village in Jolgah Rural District , in the Central District of Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Garm - e Tamam Deh ( Persian : گرم تمام ده‎ , also Romanized as Garm - e Tamām Deh and Garm Tamām Deh ; also known as Garm ) is a village in Bandan Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kamraniyeh - ye Bala ( Persian : كامرانيه بالا‎ , also Romanized as Kāmrānīyeh - ye Bālā ; also known as Kāmrānīyeh ) is a village in Azizabad Rural District , in the Central District of Narmashir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Oosterwijzend is a hamlet in the municipality of Drechterland , in the Dutch province of North - Holland .
Talleh - ye Bala ( Persian : تله بالا‎ , also Romanized as Talleh - ye Bālā ) is a village in Sardasht Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Central Park Hospital ( officially the U.S. General Hospital , Central Park ) was a military hospital that operated in New York City during the American Civil War , from 1862 to 1865 .
Udrežnje ( Serbian Cyrillic : Удрежње ) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Netta Druga ( ˈnɛtːa ˈdruɡa ) ( Lithuanian : Mėta II ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Augustów , within Augustów County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Rossington is a civil parish and former mining village in the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster in South Yorkshire , England and is surrounded by countryside and the market towns of Bawtry and Tickhill .
Nuussuup Kangia ( old spelling : Nûgssûp Kangia , Danish : Ryder Isfjord ) is a fjord in northwestern Greenland , located at the northern end of Upernavik Archipelago .
Duist is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Utrecht , located between Amersfoort and Bunschoten .
One PNC Plaza is a high - rise office building located in the Golden Triangle neighborhood of the Central Business District of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , United States .
Rokle ( German : Rachel ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Chomutov District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic .
Åre Old Church ( Swedish : Åre gamla kyrka ) is a Romanesque church building situated in Åre , a parish within the Diocese of Härnösand and a locality in Åre Municipality , Jämtland County , Sweden .
Księżyno ( kɕɛ̃ˈʐɨnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
WNER is a sports / talk radio station in Watertown , New York .
Appalachia High School , located in Appalachia , Virginia is part of Wise County Public Schools .
Pęciszewo ( pɛnt͡ɕiˈʂɛvɔ ) ( German : Waltersdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo , within Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
The Maison Fournaise ( House of Fournaise ) is a restaurant and museum located on the Île des Impressionnistes in the Seine in Chatou , west of Paris .
Wąbnice ( vɔmbˈnit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośnice , within Milicz County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Sonoma State University ( SSU , Sonoma State , and Sonoma ) is a public comprehensive university , part of the 23-campus California State University ( CSU ) system .
Su Kacha ( Persian : سوكاچا‎ , also Romanized as Sū Kāchā ; also known as Sekāchel ) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District , Sangar District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Højby is a Danish town , seat of the Odsherred Municipality , in the Region Sjælland .
Tipton is a town in the borough of Sandwell , West Midlands , England , with a population of around 38,777 at the 2011 census .
Sarntal ( Italian : Sarentino ) is a valley and a comune ( municipality ) in South Tyrol in northern Italy , located about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) north of the city of Bolzano .
The Youghiogheny Scenic & Wild River is a river given special protected status by the state of Maryland .
Bid Kard Gam ( Persian : بيدكردگم‎ , also Romanized as Bīd Kard Gam ; also known as Bīd Kabgān , Bīdak - e - Yekān , and Bīdak Yekān ) is a village in Neh Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Robin Hill Cemetery is a historic cemetery on Donald Lynch Boulevard in Marlborough , Massachusetts , overlooking the Assabet River .
Chinnasalem is a taluk - panchayat town in Viluppuram district in the state of Tamil Nadu , India .
KMHA ( 91.3 FM , `` Alternative 91 '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Four Bears , North Dakota .
Boneh - ye Rezvan ( Persian : بنه رضوان‎ , also Romanized as Boneh - ye Rez̤vān ) is a village in Rezvan Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Merion Friends Meeting House in Merion Station , Lower Merion Township , Montgomery County , Pennsylvania is the second oldest Friends meeting house in the United States ( after the Third Haven Meeting House in Maryland ) and remains the place of worship of the Merion Monthly Meeting of The Religious Society of Friends ( Quakers ) .
The Grohmann Museum , at Milwaukee School of Engineering , is home to the world 's most comprehensive art collection dedicated to the evolution of human work .
Alberta Park is a park located in northeast Portland , Oregon .
West Roxbury is a neighborhood in Boston , Massachusetts bordered by Roslindale to the northeast , the Towns of Dedham and Needham to the west and south , the Town of Brookline to the north , and the City of Newton to the west .
Lake Manyara is a shallow lake in the Natron - Manyara - Balangida branch of the East African Rift in Manyara Region in Tanzania .
Chhaeb District ( Khmer : ឆែប ) is a district located in Preah Vihear Province , in northern Cambodia .
Greyfriars Bobby was a Skye Terrier who became known in 19th - century Edinburgh for supposedly spending 14 years guarding the grave of his owner until he died himself on 14 January 1872 .
Raymond 's Hill is a residential area off the A35 road in Devon , England , right on the border with the county of Dorset .
Wólka Modrzejowa ( ˈvulka mɔdʐɛˈjɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzeczniów , within Lipsko County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Nelson 's Dockyard is a cultural heritage site and marina in English Harbour , Antigua .
Tytsjerksteradiel ( Dutch : Tietjerksteradeel ) is a municipality in the province of Friesland in the Netherlands .
The Clark County Jail is a historic structure located in Neillsville , Wisconsin .
Berwick St John is a village and civil parish in southwest Wiltshire , England , about 5 miles ( 8 km ) east of Shaftesbury in Dorset .
Bezhi ( Persian : بژي‎ , also Romanized as Bezhī ) is a village in Buin Rural District , Nanur District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Aline Covered Bridge , also known as Meiserville Covered Bridge , is a historic covered bridge located in Perry Township near Meiserville in Snyder County , Pennsylvania .
Cascade Christian Schools ( CCS ) is a district of private schools in Pierce County , Washington .
The Rood Candy Company Building or Rood Candy Company is a historic manufacturing plant in Pueblo , Colorado .
Niekłonice ( ɲɛkwɔˈnit͡sɛ ) ( formerly German Neuklenz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świeszyno , within Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Pancrudo is a municipality in the Teruel Community comarca , Teruel province , Aragon , Spain .
Polajny ( pɔˈlai̯nɨ ) ( German Paulehnen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalewo , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
X Condominium is a high - rise condominium building located at 110 Charles Street E. near the intersection of Bloor and Jarvis in downtown Toronto , Ontario , Canada by Great Gulf Homes .
1 Treasury Place ( also known as the State Government Office ) is a government building in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia that was built in the ' 60s and comprises five levels of office accommodation .
Fort Morgan Municipal Airport ( ICAO : KFMM , FAA LID : FMM , formerly 3V4 ) is six miles north of Fort Morgan , in Morgan County , Colorado .
St. Bernard 's School of Theology and Ministry is a Roman Catholic theological school in Pittsford , New York .
Van Nuys Assembly was a General Motors automobile factory in Van Nuys , California .
Kengtung Township ( Burmese : ကျိုင်းတုံမြို့နယ် ; also spelled Kyaingtong , Kengtong , Thai : เมืองเชียงตุง or Mueang Chiang Tung ) is a township of Kengtung District in the Shan State of Myanmar .
Lalabad - e Seyyed Sadeq ( Persian : لعل ابادسيدصادق‎ , also Romanized as La``lābād - e Seyyed Şādeq ) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District , Mahidasht District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 183 , in 36 families .
The Reeves - Reed Arboretum ( 13.5 acres ( 5.5 ha ) ) is a nonprofit arboretum and garden located at 165 Hobart Avenue in Summit , Union County , New Jersey , United States .
Poverty Island is a small island in the U.S. state of Michigan .
Lubikówko ( lubiˈkufkɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Przytoczna , within Międzyrzecz County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
The Awbury Historic District is a historic area in the East Germantown neighborhood of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Luszkowo ( luʂˈkɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz , within Świecie County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Fort Patrick Henry Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the South Fork Holston River within the city of Kingsport , in Sullivan County in the U.S. state of Tennessee .
Michałowo - Wróble ( mixaˈwɔvɔ ˈvrublɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty - Pianki , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Plaza Dorrego ( Spanish : Dorrego Square ) is a square located in the heart of San Telmo , in Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Almanabad ( Persian : المان اباد‎ , also Romanized as Ālmānābād ) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Church History Library in downtown Salt Lake City , Utah houses materials chronicling the history of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) .
Cetti Bay is a historic site near Umatac , Guam , that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Nansen Ski Jump is a ski jump located along Route 16 in Milan , New Hampshire , just north of the Berlin city line .
Montrose Mansion and Chapel , originally known as Montrose Mansion , is a historic home located on the grounds of the former Maryland Industrial Training School for Girls at Reisterstown , Baltimore County , Maryland .
West Philadelphia Catholic High School for Boys ( West Boys , West Catholic , Burrs ) opened it doors in 1916 , at 49th Street between Chestnut and Market Streets in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Center City Historic District is a grouping of 19 homes and one church along Summit Avenue in Center City , Minnesota , United States .
Beaufort County Airport ( IATA : BFT , ICAO : KARW , FAA LID : ARW , formerly 73J ) is a county owned , public use airport in Beaufort County , South Carolina , United States .
Boneh - ye Zolfaqar ( Persian : بنه ذوالفقار‎ , also Romanized as Boneh - ye Zolfaqār ) is a village in Lalar and Katak Rural District , Chelo District , Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Darreh Bid - e Jowkar ( Persian : دره بيدجوكار‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Bīd - e Jowkār ; also known as Darreh Bīd ) is a village in Margown Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Blunt Peninsula is a peninsula in the Canadian territory of Nunavut .
The North Creek Forest is located in Bothell , Washington and surrounds a section of the 12.6-mile ( 20.3 km ) North Creek and encompasses 64 acres of mature second growth mixed coniferous / hardwood forest with 7 streams and 9 wetlands .
Lake Redstone is in La Valle in northern Sauk County of Wisconsin , United States .
Shirini - ye Saqah ( Persian : شيريني سقاه‎ , also Romanized as Shīrīnī - ye Seqāh ) is a village in Margown Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Ketugram II ( community development block ) ( Bengali : কেতুগ্রাম II সমষ্টি উন্নয়ন ব্লক ) is an administrative division in Katwa subdivision of Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Azarsi - ye Nematollah ( Persian : ازارسي نعمت اله‎ , also Romanized as Āzārsī - ye Neʿmatollah ) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District , Babol Kenar District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Qaleh Nowruz ( Persian : قلعه نوروز‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Nowrūz ) is a village in Korzan Rud Rural District , in the Central District of Tuyserkan County , Hamadan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 311 , in 85 families .
Parione is the VI rione of Rome .
Koreh Jub ( Persian : كره جوب‎ , also Romanized as Koreh Jūb ; also known as Kūreh Jūb ) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Karczewie ( karˈt͡ʂɛvjɛ ) ( German : Marienau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoty , within Gryfice County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Causse de Blandas is a limestone karst plateau in the south of the Massif Central in the Gard department , in southern France .
The D. W. Griffith House is a historic building in La Grange , Kentucky in the United States .
East Gate Square is a shopping center complex located along the border between Moorestown and Mount Laurel in New Jersey .
Pavenham is a small village and civil parish on the River Great Ouse in the Borough of Bedford in Bedfordshire , England , about 6 miles ( 10 km ) north - west of Bedford .
WTOR ( 770 AM ) is a daytime - only radio station licensed to Youngstown , New York , USA .
The Stibbert Museum ( Italian : Museo Stibbert ) is located on via Frederick Stibbert on the hill of Montughi in Florence , Italy .
The Pelham Range is a small mountain range on southern Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada , located northeast of Sarita and between the Sarita River and Alberni Inlet .
Hooker Falls is a 14-foot ( 3 m ) waterfall located in the DuPont State Forest , southeast of Brevard , North Carolina .
Gardan Kalat ( Persian : گردن كلات‎ , also Romanized as Gardan Kalāt and Gardankalāt ) is a village in Khafri Rural District , in the Central District of Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Murdu ( Persian : موردو‎ , also Romanized as Mūrdū ) is a village in Khamir Rural District , in the Central District of Khamir County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Marzan Dar ( Persian : مرزان در‎ , also Romanized as Marzān Dar ) is a village in Kuh Shah Rural District , Ahmadi District , Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Ventura County Courthouse , also known as Ventura City Hall , was designed in 1910 by one of the early pioneers of architecture in Southern California :
Troy University at Montgomery is a satellite campus of Troy University and is located in Montgomery , Alabama .
WCMJ ( 96.7 FM ) is a mostly Top 40 radio station in Cambridge , Ohio , owned locally by AVC Communications , Inc. The station broadcasts with a power of 2,300 Watts and is simply known as `` 96FM '' to listeners .
Szwecja ( ˈʂfɛt͡sja ) ( formerly German Freudenfier ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz , within Wałcz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The McDermott Center is a 2,000-seat multi - purpose arena in San Antonio , Texas on the campus of the University of the Incarnate Word .
Naqsh - e Rostam Rural District ( Persian : دهستان نقش رستم‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
Shalstone is a village and also a civil parish within Aylesbury Vale district in Buckinghamshire , England .
Konar Baland ( Persian : كناربلند‎ , also Romanized as Konār Baland ) is a village in Dezhgan Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Abraham Lincoln National Cemetery covers 982 acres ( 397 ha ) in Elwood , Illinois .
Northern Valley Regional High School at Demarest is a comprehensive four - year public high school serving students from several municipalities in Bergen County , New Jersey , United States .
Petit Trianon ( French pronunciation : ​(pəti tʁijanɔ̃ ) ; `` small Trianon '' ) , built between 1762 and 1768 during the reign of Louis XV , is a small château located on the grounds of the Palace of Versailles in Versailles , France .
Big Thicket is the name of a heavily forested area in Southeast Texas , United States .
The Diamond Apartments are an apartment building located at 321 Diamond St. in Redondo Beach , California .
Kam Kola ( Persian : كامكلا‎ , also Romanized as Kām Kolā ) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Gharbi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Klingnau Castle ( German : Schloss Klingnau ) is a castle in the municipality of Klingnau in the Swiss canton of Aargau .
The East Bohemian Museum ( Czech : Muzeum východních Čech ) is a museum and historic landmark in Hradec Králové , Czech Republic .
The Larch Farm , also known as the Goldsmith - Pickering House , is a historic First Period farmhouse at 38 Larch Road in Wenham , Massachusetts .
Lucky Hit is one of the oldest brick houses in southwestern Clarke County , Virginia .
Valhalla Golf Club , located east of Louisville , Kentucky , is a private golf club designed by Jack Nicklaus , opened in 1986 .
Balagoda ( Bolani ) is a census town in Kendujhar district in the state of Odisha , India .
The Swabian - Franconian Forest ( German : Schwäbisch - Fränkischen Waldberge , also Schwäbisch - Fränkischer Wald ) is an mainly forested , deeply incised upland region , 1,187 km² in area and up to 586.4 m above sea level ( NHN ) , in the northeast of Baden - Württemberg .
Ponganadu is a small town near Kilimanoor in Thiruvananthapuram district , Kerala , India .
High Steel Bridge is a truss arch bridge that spans the south fork of the Skokomish River in Mason County , Washington .
University Airport ( ICAO : KEDU , FAA LID : EDU , formerly 0O5 ) is a public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 4 km ) west of the central business district of Davis , a city in Yolo County , California , United States .
Tashan - e Gharbi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان تشان غربی‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Tashan District , Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
DeVos Place Convention Center , erected in 2004 on the Grand River in downtown Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA , is a multi - purpose convention center .
Nowy Bromierz ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈbrɔmjɛʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Khayesk ( Persian : خايسك‎ , also Romanized as Khāyesk ) is a village in Sarvelayat Rural District , Sarvelayat District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Wallkill Valley Regional High School is a four - year public high school and regional school district serving students in ninth through twelfth grades from four municipalities in Sussex County , New Jersey , United States .
Mergenthaler Vocational - Technical High School ( commonly referred to as Mervo ) is a public high school located in Baltimore , Maryland .
The Stein Eriksen Lodge Deer Valley is a luxury resort located on Deer Valley Resort , 7700 Stein Way , Park City , Utah , USA .
East Leyden High School is a secondary school located in Franklin Park , Illinois ( a suburb of Chicago ) which educates grades 9 - 12 .
Helemsi ( Persian : حلمسي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩelemsī ) is a village in Barvanan - e Sharqi Rural District , Torkamanchay District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
St Frideswide 's Church is a Church of England church on the south side of the Botley Road in New Osney , west Oxford , England .
Merag Gewog ( Dzongkha : མེ་རག་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Trashigang District , Bhutan .
The Museum of Diplomatic Corps ( Russian : Музей дипломатического корпуса ) is a private historical museum located in Russian city Vologda .
The One San Miguel Avenue is an office skyscraper located at San Miguel Avenue ( hence the building 's name ) in Ortigas Center , Pasig , Philippines .
Rathedaung Township ( Burmese : ရသေ့တောင်မြို့နယ် ) is a township of Sittwe District in the Rakhine State of Myanmar .
Sigh Chal ( Persian : سيغ چال‎ , also Romanized as Sīgh Chāl ) is a village in Kuhestani - ye Talesh Rural District , in the Central District of Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Chevalier College is an Australian Catholic co - educational school in Burradoo , New South Wales conducted by the priests and brothers of the international religious institute , the Missionaries of the Sacred Heart ( M.S.C. ) .
Los Alcornocales Natural Park ( in Spanish , Parque natural de Los Alcornocales ) is a natural park located in the south of Spain , in the autonomous community of Andalusia ; it is shared between the provinces of Cádiz and Málaga .
The Palm Springs Air Museum ( PSAM ) , is a non - profit educational institution in Palm Springs , Riverside County , California .
Kôtomo Island is a small island off the Isle of Pines , New Caledonia .
Great Kingshill is a small village in the parish of Hughenden in Buckinghamshire , England .
Benassal ( Benasal in Spanish ) is a municipality in the comarca of Alt Maestrat , Castellón , Valencia , Spain .
It runs through the community of Kent Narrows , Maryland .
The Ipswich State High School is a State Secondary school in the suburb of Brassall , Ipswich , Queensland , Australia , established in 1963 .
The Kowloon Cricket Club ( Chinese : 九龍木球會 ) is a members only cricket club and social club situated in Kowloon , Hong Kong , on Cox 's Road .
Mummy Cave is a rock shelter and archeological site in Park County , Wyoming , United States , near the eastern entrance to Yellowstone National Park .
County Wexford ( Irish : Contae Loch Garman ) is a county in Ireland .
Mae Na Toeng ( Thai : แม่นาเติง ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Pai District , in Mae Hong Son Province , Thailand .
Harsol ( also spelled Harsola , anciently Harshapura ) is a small town in the Prantij taluka of the Sabarkantha district of Gujarat , India .
Gilman Park Arboretum , consisting of 14 acres ( 57,000 m² ) , is an arboretum in Pierce , Nebraska .
Tang Koreh ( Persian : تنگ کره‎ ; also known as Kohreh and Rashīdābād ) is a village in Jolgah Rural District , in the Central District of Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Shah Mowmen ( Persian : شاه مومن‎ , also Romanized as Shāh Mowmen ; also known as Shāhmomen ) is a village in Efzar Rural District , Efzar District , Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Scioto River ( /saɪˈoʊtoʊ/ sy - OH - toh or /saɪˈoʊtə/ sy - OH - tə ) is a river in central and southern Ohio more than 231 miles ( 372 km ) in length .
Ystrad Aeron is a small village west of Felinfach on the A482 between Lampeter and Aberaeron in Ceredigion , west Wales , at a junction with the B4342 road that leads to Llanarth on the A487 near New Quay It has two pubs , a church , a garage and a caravan park .
Paradise Wildlife Park is a family - run animal park located in Broxbourne in Hertfordshire , England .
Darisiyeh - ye Vosta ( Persian : دريسيه وسطي‎ , also Romanized as Darīsīyeh - e Vosţá ; also known as Dirsiyeh ) is a village in Darkhoveyn Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Doru Shahabad ( also written as Dooru Shahabad or only Doru ) is a town and a notified area committee in Anantnag district of the Indian state of Jammu & Kashmir .
Low Flight Strip is an abandoned military airfield located approximately 13 miles ( 21 km ) west of the ghost town of Low , Utah .
Lumber River State Park is a North Carolina state park along the Lumber River in Scotland , Hoke , Robeson and Columbus counties in the United States .
Desert Palms Park ( DPP ) is a neighborhood in Tucson , Arizona .
Sport complex JAR Stadium is a stadium located in Tashkent , Uzbekistan .
Bermuda Dunes Airport ( IATA : UDD , ICAO : KUDD , FAA LID : UDD ) is a public use airport located 13 nautical miles ( 15 mi , 24 km ) east of the central business district of Palm Springs , a city in the Coachella Valley in Riverside County , California , United States .
The Lace Museum is located in Piazza Galuppi , Burano , Italy , at the palace that was seat of the Burano Lace School .
Wildlife World Zoo & Aquarium is a 95-acre ( 38 ha ) zoo and aquarium in Litchfield Park , Arizona , United States , near Phoenix .
Palais Schönborn - Batthyány is a Baroque palace in the Josefstadt district of Vienna , Austria .
The Wagner Covered Bridge No . 19 is a historic wooden covered bridge , originally built in Locust Township in Columbia County , Pennsylvania .
Mont Boisjoli is a hill that rises to approximately 350 metres ( 1,150 ft ) in Hatley , Quebec , Canada .
Qajar Kheyl - e Khurandi ( Persian : قاجارخيل خورندي‎ , also Romanized as Qājār Kheyl - e Khūrandī ; also known as Qājār Kheyl ) is a village in Gahrbaran - e Jonubi Rural District , Gahrbaran District , Miandorud County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Chapel of Santa Àgata ( Catalan : Capella de Santa Àgata , Spanish : Capilla de Santa Ágata ) is a chapel located in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
Wentworth Institute of Technology ( WIT ) is an independent , co - educational , technical design and engineering college located in Boston , Massachusetts .
Elmsford Reformed Church and Cemetery is a historic Dutch Reformed church / meeting house and cemetery at 30 S. Central Avenue in Elmsford , Westchester County , New York .
Siverek ( Kurdish : Sêwreg‎ ) is a town and district in the south - east of Turkey , in Şanlıurfa Province .
The South Sierra Wilderness is a federally designated wilderness area in the Southern Sierra Nevada , in eastern California .
Sheykh Khanlu ( Persian : شيخ كانلو‎ , also Romanized as Sheykh Khānlū ) is a village in Chenaran Rural District , in the Central District of Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Cyncynopol ( t͡sɨnt͡sɨˈnɔpɔl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biłgoraj , within Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Honey Run Covered Bridge is a wooden covered bridge crossing Butte Creek , in Butte County , northern California .
Hoseynabad - e Yarahmadi ( Persian : حسين ابادياراحمدي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Yāraḩmadī ) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District , in the Central District of Rudbar - e Jonubi County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Tiferet Yisrael Synagogue ( Hebrew : בית הכנסת תפארת ישראל‎ ; Yiddish : Tiferes Yisroel ) , most often spelled Tiferet Israel , was one of the most outstanding synagogues in the Old City of Jerusalem in the 19th and 20th centuries .
Abhanpur is a tehsil in Raipur district , Chhattisgarh , India .
Hastings Stadium is a baseball park located at Exhibition Park in Guelph , Ontario and home the Guelph Royals of the Intercounty Baseball League and the home of the Guelph Silvercreeks .
Oakwood Adventist Academy ( OAA ) is a Seventh - day Adventist co - educational K-12 school located on the campus of Oakwood University in Huntsville , Alabama .
The Denby House is a historic raised cottage in Mobile , Alabama .
Abercrychan is a small village in the north - east of Carmarthenshire .
Wijtgaard ( West Frisian : Wytgaard ) is a village in Leeuwarden in the province of Friesland , the Netherlands .
Pytalovo ( Russian : Пыта́лово ; Latvian : Pitalova ) is a town and the administrative center of Pytalovsky District in Pskov Oblast , Russia , located on the Utroya River ( a tributary of the Velikaya ) , 102 kilometers ( 63 mi ) southwest of Pskov , the administrative center of the oblast .
White Rock , a prominent pale - coloured rockface on a peak , is the major feature of interest of the White Rock Conservation Park , 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) south - west of Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
Łódź East County ( Polish : powiat łódzki wschodni ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Łódź Voivodeship , central Poland .
Bitar Mansion , also known as Harry A. Green House or the Harry A. and Ada Green House , is a mansion in the Laurelhurst neighborhood of Portland , Oregon , United States .
Birch Island Run is a stream in Cameron County and Clinton County , Pennsylvania in the United States .
The Town of Dalby was a local government area of Queensland , Australia which managed the affairs of Dalby .
The B. E. Ridyard Three - Decker is an historic three - decker house at 29 Dewey Street in Worcester , Massachusetts .
Harriswood Crescent is a historic series of rowhouses at 60 - 88 Harold Street in the Roxbury neighborhood of Boston , Massachusetts .
Red Gulch Dinosaur Tracksite is an assemblage of fossil dinosaur footprints on public land near Shell , in Big Horn County , Wyoming .
Darazminak ( Persian : درازمينك‎ , also Romanized as Darāzmīnaḵ ) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District , in the Central District of Tehran County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Christ Church , officially The Parish of Christ Church , Hyde Park is a historic church building built in 1893 at 1220 River Road in Hyde Park , Massachusetts , a neighborhood of Boston .
WDIY ( 88.1 FM ) is a community public radio station licensed to Allentown , Pennsylvania , with studios in Bethlehem .
Pompton Lake is a 175-acre man - made lake on the Ramapo River which is located within the towns of Pompton Lakes and Wayne in Passaic County , New Jersey .
Tashkuh - e Vosta ( Persian : تاشكوه وسطي‎ , also Romanized as Tāshkūh - e Vosţá ) is a village in Mian Band Rural District , in the Central District of Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Piercebridge is a village and civil parish in the borough of Darlington and the ceremonial county of Durham , England .
The Saint Paul City Hall and Ramsey County Courthouse , located at 15 Kellogg Boulevard West in Saint Paul , Ramsey County , in the U.S. state of Minnesota is a twenty - story Art Deco skyscraper built during the Great Depression era of high unemployment and falling prices .
Point Alison is a summer village in Alberta , Canada .
Qalat - e Pain ( Persian : قلات پائين‎ , also Romanized as Qalāt - e Pā’īn and Qallat - e Pā’īn ; also known as Kalāt - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Tazian Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Niemojewiec ( ɲɛmɔˈjɛvjɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raszków , within Ostrów Wielkopolski County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Strachówko ( straˈxufkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Willamette Ballet Academy is the only ballet school in the small town of Woodburn , Oregon .
The Julius Nyerere International Convention Centre ( JNICC ) is a convention centre located in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania .
Big Bog State Recreation Area , a recent addition to the Minnesota state park system , is located on Minnesota State Highway 72 , north of Waskish , Minnesota .
Hancock Shaker Village is a former Shaker village in Hancock , Massachusetts that was established in 1791 .
Kuhsalar - e Sofla ( Persian : كوهسالارسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kūhsālār - e Soflá ; also known as Kūsālār - e Soflá and Kūsālār - e Pā'īn ) is a village in Barvanan - e Markazi Rural District , Torkamanchay District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Great River Bluffs State Park is a state park of Minnesota , United States , on the Mississippi River southeast of Winona .
Surak Rural District ( Persian : دهستان سورك‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Lirdaf District of Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The North Stafford Hotel ( or North Staffordshire Hotel ) is a hotel and Grade II * listed building in Stoke - on - Trent in Staffordshire , England , opposite the city 's railway station ( itself a Grade II * listed building ) .
The Westin Bonaventure Hotel and Suites is a 367-foot ( 112 m ) , 35-story hotel in Los Angeles , California , constructed between 1974 and 1976 .
The Titan Wind Project is 25MW wind farm with a proposed expansion to 5,050 MW , formerly known as Rolling Thunder , based in South Dakota .
Lake Cumberland State Resort Park is a state park located on the northern shore of Lake Cumberland near Jamestown , Kentucky in Russell County .
Johl Darak ( Persian : جهل درك‎ ; also known as Johldarag and Jūhl Darak ) is a village in Piveshk Rural District , Lirdaf District , Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Panshidian ( Chinese : 盘石店镇 ) is a town in Haiyang , Yantai , in eastern Shandong province , China .
The ZCMI Center Mall was a shopping center near Temple Square in Salt Lake City , Utah that was owned by Zions Securities Corporation , which opened in 1975 and closed in 2007 .
Kuy - e Montazeri ( Persian : كوي منتظري‎ , also Romanized as Kūy - e Montaz̧erī ) was a village in Kut - e Abdollah Rural District , in the Central District of Karun County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Noresund is a small village in Krødsherad , in the county of Buskerud , Norway .
Chin Zal ( Persian : چين زال‎ , also Romanized as Chīn Zāl ; also known as Chīnzāl ) is a village in Jelogir Rural District , in the Central District of Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
RN Pudur also known as Ramanathapuram Pudur is a residential village located in Erode district in Tamil Nadu , India .
Pashtab ( Persian : پشتاب‎ , also Romanized as Pashtāb ) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District , Hurand District , Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Brzeście Nowe ( ˈbʐɛɕt͡ɕɛ ˈnɔvɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Copdock is a small village settlement in Suffolk , southeastern England .
Careby Aunby and Holywell is a civil parish in the district of South Kesteven , south - west Lincolnshire , in England .
Woodland Mall is an enclosed super - regional shopping mall located just outside the city of Grand Rapids , Michigan , in the city of Kentwood .
Lu Sara ( Persian : لوسرا‎ , also Romanized as Lū Sarā ) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Westchester Country Club ( or Westchester Biltmore Country Club ) was founded by John McEntee Bowman , who hired Walter Travis to design two golf courses in the Town of Harrison , New York as a luxury resort hotel .
Horley is a town in Surrey on the border of Surrey and West Sussex , England , south of the twin towns of Reigate and Redhill , and neighbouring Gatwick Airport and in turn Crawley .
Temperance Flat Dam is a proposed dam project on the San Joaquin River west of Auberry , California .
Sarab - e Nargesi ( Persian : سراب نرگسي‎ , also Romanized as Sarāb - e Nargesī ) is a village in Tolbozan Rural District , Golgir District , Masjed Soleyman County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Winfree Academy is a set of charter schools located in North Texas .
Trzeboszowice ( tʂɛbɔʂɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German Schwammelwitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paczków , within Nysa County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
Fizadan ( Persian : فيزادان‎ , also Romanized as Fīzādān ; also known as Fāzādān , Pazādān , and Pīzādān ) is a village in Keraj Rural District , in the Central District of Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Blow - Me - Down Grange is a historic Grange hall at 1071 New Hampshire Route 12A in Plainfield , New Hampshire , United States .
John Fraser Secondary School is a high school ( serving grades 9 - 12 ) located on Erin Centre Boulevard , Mississauga , Ontario , Canada .
The Flintstone House is a free - form , single - family residence in Hillsborough , California overlooking , and best seen from the Eugene A. Doran Memorial Bridge on Interstate 280 .
Rockey 's Air Strip ( FAA LID : II10 ) is an airport located in unincorporated Cass County , Indiana , United States .
Yuxin Subdistrict ( Chinese : 玉新街道 ; pinyin : yùxīn jiēdào ) is a township - level division situated in Haojiang District , Shantou , Guangdong , China .
Soltan Nasir ( Persian : سلطان نصير‎ , also Romanized as Solţān Naşīr ; also known as Sultān Nasīr ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Harzburg , also called Große Harzburg ( `` Great Harz Castle '' ) , is a former imperial castle , situated on the northwestern edge of the Harz mountain range overlooking the spa resort of Bad Harzburg in Goslar District in the state of Lower Saxony , Germany .
Baharestan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بهارستان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Château de Mirabat is a ruined castle dating from before the Middle Ages in the communes of Seix , Oust and Ustou in the Ariège département of France .
The Ottawa - Carleton District School Board ( OCDSB , known as English - language Public District School Board No . 25 prior to 1999 ) refers to both the institution responsible for the operation of all English public schools in the city of Ottawa , Ontario and its governing body .
The Kerrville Folk Festival is a music festival held for 18 consecutive days in the late spring / early summer at Quiet Valley Ranch near Kerrville , Texas .
The Golden Anniversary State Forest is a state forest located near Grand Rapids in southern Itasca County , Minnesota .
Kosorowice ( kɔsɔrɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Kossorowitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnów Opolski , within Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Church of the Holy Communion , Episcopal is an historic stone Episcopal church building located at 116 North Minnesota Avenue St. Peter , Minnesota , United States .
Sud - Comoé Region is one of the 31 regions of Ivory Coast and is part of Comoé District .
Franconia Airport ( FAA LID : 1B5 ) is a public airport located in Franconia , New Hampshire , two miles ( 3 km ) south of the central business district of Franconia , in Grafton County , New Hampshire , USA .
Mordeh Katan ( Persian : مرده كتان‎ , also Romanized as Mordeh Katān ) is a village in Bozkosh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Renner Village Archeological Site ( 23PL1 ) is a prehistoric archaeological site located in the municipality of Riverside , Platte County , Missouri .
Montefiore Cemetery , also known as `` Old Montefiore Cemetery , '' is a Jewish cemetery in Springfield Gardens , Queens , New York .
Dalwhinnie railway station lies on the Highland Main Line from Perth to Inverness .
The Castle Road ( German : Burgenstraße ) is a theme route in southern Germany ( in Bavaria and Baden - Württemberg ) and a small portion in the Czech Republic , between Mannheim and Prague .
Eidsvåg Church ( Norwegian : Eidsvåg kirke ) is a parish church in Bergen municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Peden Stadium is an American football stadium on the banks of the Hocking River in Athens , Ohio .
Guernica ( Basque pronunciation : ( ɡerˈnika ) ) , official and Basque name Gernika , is a town in the province of Biscay , in the Autonomous Community of the Basque Country , Spain .
Yate and Pickup Bank is a civil parish in the Borough of Blackburn with Darwen , Lancashire , England .
Rożubowice ( rɔʐubɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przemyśl , within Przemyśl County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Suchorzew ( suˈxɔʐɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pleszew , within Pleszew County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Central Illinois Regional Airport at Bloomington - Normal ( IATA : BMI , ICAO : KBMI , FAA LID : BMI ) is a public airport in McLean County , Illinois , three miles east of Bloomington and southeast of Normal .
Rud Bar - e Firuz Ja ( Persian : رودبارفيروزجا‎ , also Romanized as Rūd Bār - e Fīrūz Jā ; also known as Rūd Bār ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Wasilla High School ( WHS ) is a public secondary school in Wasilla , Alaska , United States , serving students in grades 9 - -12 .
Arshaly District ( Kazakh : Аршалы ауданы ) is a district of Akmola Region in northern Kazakhstan .
Ostrzeszewo ( ɔstʂɛˈʂɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Purda , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Pir Hajji ( Persian : پيرحاجي‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Ḩājjī ) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Fekejur ( Persian : فكجور‎ , also Romanized as Fekejūr ; also known as Fīkīchūr ) is a village in Owshiyan Rural District , Chaboksar District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Alireza Chay ( Persian : عليرضاچاي‎ , also Romanized as Alīreẕā Chāy ; also known as `` Alīreẕā Chā'ī ) is a village in Azghan Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 269 , in 41 families .
Darreh Zagheh - ye Pain ( Persian : دره زاغه پائين‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Zāgheh - ye Pā’īn and Darreh Zāgheh Pā’īn ; also known as Darreh Zāgheh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Valanjerd Rural District , in the Central District of Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The OS Museum , also known as the OS Ranch Museum , is a hybrid collection of mainly sculpture and paintings of Texas , the American West , and Asia located in the small city of Post , the seat of Garza County in West Texas .
Betley is a village and civil parish in the Newcastle district of Staffordshire , England , about halfway between Newcastle - under - Lyme and Nantwich .
San Vero Milis ( Sardinian : Sant ' Eru ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) northwest of Cagliari and about 13 kilometres ( 8 mi ) north of Oristano .
Bizerte Governorate ( Tunisian Arabic : ولاية بَنزرت‎ Wilāyat Banzart pronounced ( bɑnˈzɑrt ) ) is the northernmost of the 24 governorates of Tunisia .
Lahargin ( Persian : لهرگين‎ , also Romanized as Lahargīn and Lahrgīn ; also known as Laharjīn and Lakhargin ) is a village in Qareh Poshtelu - e Pain Rural District , Qareh Poshtelu District , Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Koufalia ( Greek : Κουφάλια ) is a municipal unit and a town of the Chalkidona municipality .
Albignasego is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Padua in the Italian region Veneto , located about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) west of Venice and about 7 kilometres ( 4.3 mi ) south of Padua .
Bob Jones University ( BJU ) is a private non - denominational Protestant university in Greenville , South Carolina , known for its conservative cultural and religious positions .
Gwandu , also called Gando , is a town and emirate in Kebbi State , Nigeria .
Wólka Prusinowska ( ˈvulka pruɕiˈnɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piecki , within Mrągowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Ridge Point High School ( RPHS ) is a public high school located adjacent to the Sienna Plantation master - planned community in an unincorporated area of Fort Bend County , Texas .
Guanmiao District ( Chinese : 關廟區 ; pinyin : Guānmiào Qū ; Wade -- Giles : Kuan1-miao4 Ch'ü1 ) is a rural district in southeastern Tainan City , Taiwan .
Zhangjiazhuang ( Chinese : 张家庄镇 ) is a township - level division of Gaocheng , Shijiazhuang , Hebei , China .
Mount Lloyd Jones is a mountain in South West Tasmania named after aviator and adventurer , Lloyd Lindsay Jones MBE ( 1916 - -2004 ) .
Melicucco ( Greek : Melikoukos ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria , located about 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) southwest of Catanzaro and about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) northeast of Reggio Calabria .
The Ruth Bancroft Garden is a 2.5 acre ( 10,000 m² ) public dry garden containing more than 2,000 cactus , succulents , trees , and shrubs native to Africa , Australia , California , Chile , and Mexico .
Vanov ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈvanof ) ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Hopkins Mountain Historic District is a national historic district located in the Monongahela National Forest near Alvon , Greenbrier County , West Virginia .
Gallodoro ( Sicilian : Jaddudoru ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily , located about 170 kilometres ( 110 mi ) east of Palermo and about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) southwest of Messina .
The Frazier History Museum ( formerly the Frazier Historical Arms Museum and , more recently , the Frazier International History Museum ) is a museum in Louisville , Kentucky 's `` Museum Row '' in the West Main District of downtown .
Goleh Dam ( Persian : گله دام‎ , also Romanized as Goleh Dām ; also known as Gol Ādam ) is a village in Shenetal Rural District , Kuhsar District , Salmas County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Schriever Air Force Base ( Schriever AFB ) is a base of the United States Air Force located approximately 10 miles ( 16 kilometers ) east of Peterson AFB near Colorado Springs in El Paso County , Colorado , United States .
The Meek Mansion is a historic mansion in unincorporated Cherryland , California , just north of Hayward .
Durfee Mills is an historic textile mill complex located at 359 - 479 Pleasant Street in Fall River , Massachusetts .
Kuh - e Qaleh Sofla ( Persian : كوه قلعه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kūh - e Qal``eh Soflá ) is a village in Kakhk Rural District , Kakhk District , Gonabad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 52 , in 16 families .
Indian Springs Metropark is a park in the Huron - Clinton system of metro parks in the US state of Michigan .
SeaWorld San Diego is an animal theme park , oceanarium , outside aquarium , and marine mammal park , located in San Diego , California , United States .
The Reliance Building is a skyscraper located at 1 W. Washington Street in the Loop community area of Chicago , Illinois .
The Audrain Building is an architecturally significant commercial building located at 220 - 230 Bellevue Avenue , Newport , Rhode Island .
The John Sweek House , also originally known as Meadowbrook , is a historic residence in Tualatin , Oregon , United States .
The Gershwin Theatre is a Broadway theatre located at 222 West 51st Street in midtown - Manhattan in the Paramount Plaza building .
Maczków ( ˈmat͡ʂkuf ) ( formerly German Matschdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cybinka , within Słubice County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland , close to the German border .
The Serpentine Pipehead Dam was constructed to use the Serpentine River , in Western Australia , to convey water from Serpentine Dam to the interconnection with the Metropolitan trunk main network .
North Station is a major transportation hub located at Causeway and Nashua Streets in Boston , Massachusetts , United States .
Darreh - ye Gazeh ( Persian : دره گازه‎ , also Romanized as Darreh - ye Gāzeh and Darrehgazeh ) is a village in Dehshir Rural District , in the Central District of Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Posht Bahar ( Persian : پشت بهر‎ ) is a village in Eshkanan Rural District , Eshkanan District , Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran .
Double Eagle II Airport ( ICAO : KAEG , FAA LID : AEG ) is a public airport located seven miles ( 11 km ) northwest of the central business district of Albuquerque , a city in Bernalillo County , New Mexico , United States .
Laguna de las Momias ( Lagoon of the Mummies ) , also known as Laguna de los Cóndores ( Lagoon of the Condors ) is an archaeological site located in Leimebamba , in the province of Chachapoyas in the Amazonas Region of Peru , excavated by the archaeologist Federico Kauffmann Doig .
Chemax Municipality ( In the Yucatec Maya Language : `` monkey 's tree `` ) is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing ( 1,098.6 km2 ) of land and located roughly 185 km east of the city of Mérida .
Rush House , also known as Sebastian Rush Hotel and Tavern , is a historic inn and tavern located at Wharton Township , Fayette County , Pennsylvania .
Fiddleford is a hamlet in the county of Dorset in southern England , situated between Sturminster Newton and Okeford Fitzpaine in the North Dorset administrative district .
Campina Grande ( Portuguese `` Great Plain '' ) is the second most populous Brazilian city in the State of Paraíba after João Pessoa , the capital .
The Snow - Reed Swing Bridge is one of the oldest bridges in the Fort Lauderdale area , and one of the few remaining swing bridges in Florida .
Ajarsfal Keyvan ( Persian : اجرسفال كيوان‎ , also Romanized as Ājarsfāl Keyvān ) is a village in Ali Jamal Rural District , in the Central District of Boshruyeh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Aroostook Valley Country Club is a golf course which straddles the border between the U.S. state of Maine and the Canadian province of New Brunswick .
Kamesh ( Persian : كمش‎ ) is a village in Amjaz Rural District , in the Central District of Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Younts Peak is a peak in the Absaroka Range in northwestern Wyoming in the United States and the highest point in the Teton Wilderness .
Orłów - Kolonia ( ˈɔrwuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bedlno , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , right in the middle of Poland .
The Halfway Lake National Wildlife Refuge is located in the U.S. state of North Dakota and consists of 160 acres ( 0.65 km2 . )
Over the last decade , Irungattukottai has seen significant investments by large manufacturing industries and the Tamil Nadu Government .
Pączewo ( pɔnˈt͡ʂɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórcz , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Tundri is a very big village in the dabhara tahsil ; it is located in the Janjgir Chanpa District in Chhattisgarh , India .
Kuh - e Sil ( Persian : كوه سيل‎ , also Romanized as Kūh - e Sīl ) is a village in Poshtkuh - e Rostam Rural District , Sorna District , Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
Boeing Plant 2 ( also known as Air Force Plant 17 ) was a factory building which was built in 1936 by the Boeing Corporation in King County , Washington in the United States .
Guri Sabz ( Persian : گري سبز‎ , also Romanized as Gūrī Sabz ) is a village in Miyankuh - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Lake Hartwell State Park , formerly known as Lake Hartwell State Recreation Area , is a park located in Oconee County , South Carolina , near the community of Fair Play .
Pizzo di Brünesc ( also known as Pizzo di Brunescio ) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps , overlooking Cavergno , in the canton of Ticino .
Whispering Winds Catholic Conference Center is a camp in Southern California , United States , where Catholic followers can seek for refuge .
Hare Field is a multi - sport facility located in Hillsboro , Oregon , United States .
Escalls is a hamlet near Sennen on the Penwith peninsula in west Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Sunhill is hamlet at the junction of a five - ways crossroads in the English county of Gloucestershire .
Patharia is a town and a nagar panchayat ( country subdivision ) in Damoh district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh .
Manteo High School is one of three high schools located in Dare County , North Carolina .
Bamer Kola ( Persian : بامركلا‎ , also Romanized as Bāmer Kolā ) is a village in Dabuy - ye Jonubi Rural District , Dabudasht District , Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Dobrogościce ( dɔbrɔɡɔɕˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) ( German : Hempelhof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotniki Kujawskie , within Inowrocław County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Kateh Gush ( Persian : كته گوش‎ , also Romanized as Kateh Gūsh ) is a village in Balaband Rural District , in the Central District of Fariman County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Palakkodu ( also known as Palakod or Palacode ) is a panchayat town in Dharmapuri district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Wellstye Green or Wells Tye Green is a hamlet located between the villages of High Easter and Barnston , in the Uttlesford district of Essex .
Red Harbour is a Canadian municipality of Newfoundland and Labrador .
Upper Liard ( pronounced `` lee - ahrd '' ) is a chiefly First Nation settlement immediately west of Watson Lake in Canada 's Yukon .
The Goebel Soccer Complex is a multi - purpose $ 3.4 million project that opened in the spring of 2004 on 70 acres ( 280,000 m2 ) of land in Evansville , Indiana , USA .
Borth ( Welsh : Y Borth , ( literally English : The Port ) ) is a coastal village 7 miles north of Aberystwyth in the county of Ceredigion , Mid Wales .
The Ayres L. Bramble House is a historic residence on the eastern side of Cincinnati , Ohio , United States .
Cunningsburgh , formerly also known as Coningsburgh ( Old Norse : Konungsborgr meaning `` King 's castle '' ) , is a hamlet and ancient parish in the south of Mainland , Shetland .
Dehzanun ( Persian : ده زنون‎ , also Romanized as Dehzanūn ; also known as Dehzanān ) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Echo Hill Outdoor School was founded in 1972 by Peter P. Rice Jr. and is located near Betterton in Kent County on Maryland 's Eastern Shore .
The Hofje van Loo is a hofje on the Barrevoetstraat 7 in Haarlem , Netherlands .
Little Totham is a village in Essex , England , with a population of about 300 , measured at 400 in the 2011 Census .
Kelling Heath is an area of heathland on the coast of North Norfolk , England , between Holt and Weybourne .
Arches National Park is a US National Park in eastern Utah .
Hammersmith Academy is a non - denominational , all - ability , co - educational secondary academy for 11- to 18-year - olds specialising in Creative & Digital Media and Information Technology , located in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham , West London , England .
Dublin is in the province of Leinster on Ireland 's east coast , at the mouth of the River Liffey .
Bahmai County ( Persian : شهرستان بهمئی‎ ) is a county in Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province in Iran .
Valfajar ( Persian : والفجر‎ , also Romanized as Vālfajar ; also known as Gorbeh , Gorbeh’ī ( Persian : گربه اي ) , Gowrbeh , and Gurbehi ) is a village in Liravi - ye Miyani Rural District , Imam Hassan District , Deylam County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Mount Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church is a historic African - American Baptist church located at 307 Scott Street in New Bern , Craven County , North Carolina .
The Rhea County Courthouse , located in Dayton , Tennessee was the scene of the Scopes Trial of July 1925 , in which teacher John T. Scopes faced charges for including Charles Darwin 's theory of evolution in his public school lesson .
Wingham / Richard W. LeVan Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CPR7 ) , is a registered aerodrome located 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) southeast of Wingham , Ontario , Canada .
Mahar Mijeh ( Persian : مهرميجه‎ , also Romanized as Mahar Mījeh ) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District , in the Central District of Ramsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Tudeh Bin ( Persian : توده بين‎ , also Romanized as Tūdeh Bīn and Toodeh Bin ; also known as Ārpāshāl and Tūdabīn ) is a village in Darsajin Rural District , in the Central District of Abhar County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Kambar - e Baqer ( Persian : كمبارباقر‎ , also Romanized as Kambār - e Bāqer ; also known as Kūbār - e Bāqer ) is a village in Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem Rural District , Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem District , Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Elaine D. and Charles A. Sammons Park is a public park in the new AT&T Performing Arts Center , located in the Arts District of downtown Dallas , Texas ( USA ) .
LaSalle Street Station is a commuter rail terminal at 414 South LaSalle Street in downtown Chicago .
The Loma Linda University Occupational Medicine Center ( LLUOMC ) is a patient - centered clinic that handles the occupational medicine needs of its parent organization ( Loma Linda University Adventist Health Sciences Center ) , and those of local businesses in the Inland Empire of Southern California .
Northumberland Heath is a neighbourhood and electoral ward within the London Borough of Bexley , south east London , England .
Yorkville High School , or YHS , is a public four - year high school located in Yorkville , Illinois , a western suburb of Chicago , Illinois , in the United States .
Nieuw Vosseveld prison in the Dutch town of Vught , part of the Custodial Institutions Agency ( Dienst Justitiële Inrichtingen , DJI ) of the Dutch Ministry of Public Safety and Justice within the Dutch criminal justice system .
Tądów Górny ( ˈtɔnduf ˈɡurnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Cedar Memorial is a cemetery and funeral home located in Cedar Rapids , Iowa .
Shahabad - e Hoseyni ( Persian : شاه ابادحسيني‎ , also Romanized as Shāhābād - e Ḩoseynī ; also known as Shāhābād ) is a village in Rivand Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Elizabeth Town & Country Club was an athletic and social club in Elizabeth , New Jersey that hosted a number of top amateur tennis tournaments during the last century .
The Kamma Mountains are a mountain range in Pershing County and Humboldt County , Nevada .
The Waikiki Shell is a venue for outdoor concerts and other large gatherings in Waikiki area of Honolulu , Hawaii .
Jasper 's Green is a hamlet near the village of Panfield and the town of Braintree , in the Braintree district , in the county of Essex , England .
Deh - e Segi ( Persian : ده سگي‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Segī ; also known as Deysegī ) is a village in Deh Kahan Rural District , Aseminun District , Manujan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Gav Zard ( Persian : گاوزرد‎ , also Romanized as Gāv Zard ; also known as Gāhdar , Gāh Zard , Gazak , Gāzard , Geh Zard , and Gezak ) is a village in Liravi - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Deylam County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Fort Collins Weekly was a weekly community newspaper serving the city of Fort Collins , Colorado .
Kojrany ( kɔi̯ˈranɨ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Sar Sardab - e Sofla ( Persian : سرسرداب سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Sar Sardāb - e Soflá ; also known as Sar Sardāb - e Pā'īn ) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The McCarthy - Platt House , at 1000 Plumas St. in Reno , Nevada , is a historic house that was originally built in 1900 and was redesigned in 1925 by noted architect Frederick J. DeLongchamps .
McKinley National Park Airport ( IATA : MCL , ICAO : PAIN , FAA LID : INR , formerly 5MK ) is a public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) of McKinley Park , in Denali Borough , Alaska , United States .
Fort - de - France 4th Canton is a canton in the Arrondissement of Fort - de - France on Martinique .
Abuzeydabad ( Persian : ابوزيدآباد‎ , also Romanized as Abūzeydābād , Abū Zeydābād , Abu Zaidābād , and Abū Zobeydābād ) is a city in and the capital of Kavirat District , in Aran va Bidgol County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Bazhergah ( Persian : باژرگه‎ , also Romanized as Bāzhergah ; also known as Bājergeh ) is a village in Sumay - ye Shomali Rural District , Sumay - ye Beradust District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Warrandyte High School ( or WHS ) is a high school in Warrandyte , Victoria , Australia .
Llangorse Mountain is a mountain in northern British Columbia , Canada , located 54 km ( 34 mi ) southeast of Atlin on the eastern side of the head of the Gladys River .
Jeszkotle ( jɛʂˈkɔtlɛ ) ( German Jäschkittel ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków , within Brzeg County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Memari is a town and a municipality in the Bardhaman Sadar South subdivision of Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Playground Pier is a luxury shopping mall located on a four - story pier adjacent to Caesars in Atlantic City , New Jersey .
Kmećani ( Serbian Cyrillic : Кмећани ) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Chelmsford Valley District Composite School ( CVDCS ) is a high school located in the community of Chelmsford , Ontario , part of Greater Sudbury .
The Peninsula School District is the main school district for the city of Gig Harbor , Washington , USA and the unincorporated areas around Gig Harbor and the Key Peninsula .
Newsham Bridge is a Grade I listed structure in Brocklesby Park , part of the estate of the Earls of Yarborough in West Lindsey , Lincolnshire , England .
The Arboretum Sewer Trestle ( also known as Arboretum Aqueduct ) is a historic trestle in Seattle , Washington , that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 ( ID # 82004229 ) .
The Cold Spring Historic District is a historic district that includes much of the central area of the Hudson River Cold Spring village in Putnam County , New York .
Bahmadi ( Persian : بهمدي‎ , also Romanized as Bahmadī ) is a village in Jask Rural District , in the Central District of Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Adcote School is an independent day and boarding school for girls , located in the village of Little Ness , 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) northwest of Shrewsbury , Shropshire , England .
White Breast Creek is an important tributary of the Des Moines River in Iowa .
Flinders Chase National Park is a protected area located at the west end of Kangaroo Island , South Australia , about 177 kilometres ( 110 mi ) west - south west of Adelaide and 62 kilometres ( 39 mi ) west - south west of Kingscote .
The Schwennigke , also Schwenke , is a river in Saxony , Germany , and a left - hand tributary of the Schnauder .
Bedford County Alms House , also known as Bedford County Home , is a historic almshouse and national historic district located at Bedford Township , Bedford County , Pennsylvania .
Bijargah - e Sofla ( Persian : بيجارگاه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Bījārgāh - e Soflá ; also known as Bījārgāh - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Machian Rural District , Kelachay District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Vashkan ( Persian : واشكن‎ , also Romanized as Vāshkan ) is a village in Tavabe - e Kojur Rural District , Kojur District , Nowshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Lyndhurst Terrace ( Chinese : 擺花街 ) is a street in the Central area of Hong Kong .
L'Anse Amour is a small town on the Strait of Belle Isle in Labrador , a part of the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador .
Geshur - e Zilayi ( Persian : گشور زيلائي‎ , also Romanized as Geshūr - e Zīlāyī ) is a village in Zilayi Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Taiarapu - Ouest ( literally `` Ta'iarapu West '' ) is a commune of French Polynesia , an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean .
Sefidar Rural District ( Persian : دهستان سفيدار‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Khafr District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Hamister is a village in southwestern Whalsay in the parish of Nesting in the Shetland Islands of Scotland .
Island Mountain is a resistant formation of volcanic and metavolcanic rock in the Franciscan Assemblage of southwestern Trinity County , California .
J. H. Putman Public School is a middle school located in the west end of Ottawa , Ontario .
Madera Community Hospital was founded in 1971 and is located at 1250 E. Almond Avenue in Madera , California .
Weaverland Bridge carries Quarry Road ( Township Route 894 ) across the Conestoga River near Terre Hill , East Earl Township , Lancaster County , Pennsylvania , in the United States .
Smith 's Chapel , also known as Smith Chapel , is a historic chapel located at 29858 Redfield Road in Milton Township ( near Niles , Michigan ) .
Zwiartów - Kolonia ( ˈzvjartuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynice , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Barking Abbey is a former royal monastery located in Barking , in the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham .
The Pierce Organ Pipe Factory was a historic factory building at 10 - 12 Pierce Street in Reading , Massachusetts .
Polblue is a hill on the Barrington Tops plateau , located in the Gloucester Shire within New South Wales , Australia .
The Cultural Education Center is attached to the south side of the Empire State Plaza in Albany , New York , United States .
Place Vertu is a Canadian shopping centre in the Montreal borough of Saint - Laurent in Quebec .
The Paul Hamilton House , commonly referred to as the Brick House Ruins , is the ruin of a 1725 plantation house on Edisto Island , South Carolina , that burned in 1929 .
Round About Hills or Peacefields is a historic slave plantation home located at Glenwood , Howard County , Maryland .
New Stevenston is a small village situated between Motherwell and Bellshill in North Lanarkshire , Scotland .
Puerto Siles is a town in the Mamoré Province in the Beni Department of northern Bolivia .
The Pfeiferbrunnen is a fountain near Spitalgasse 21 in Bern , Switzerland .
Berkanush ( Armenian : Բերքանուշ , also Romanized as Berqanush ; formerly , Ogurbeklu ) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia .
The Archery Hall of Fame and Museum is located in Springfield , Missouri on the upper floor of Bass Pro Shop Outdoor World .
Little Grill Collective is a worker - owned cooperative restaurant in Harrisonburg , Virginia in the United States .
Yue Man Square ( Chinese : 裕民坊 ; pinyin : Yùmín Fáng ; Cantonese Yale : yúh màhn fōng ) is the town centre of Kwun Tong in Kowloon of Hong Kong .
The Sangamon River State Fish and Wildlife Area , also and formerly known as the Sangamon County Conservation Area and the Sangamon River State Habitat Area , is a 127-acre ( 51-hectare ) forest preserve located in Fancy Creek Township near the village of Cantrall in the U.S. state of Illinois .
Zaglik - e Sofla ( Persian : زگليك سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Zaglīk - e Soflá ; also known as Zaklak - e Pā'īn ) is a village in Owch Hacha Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Pożniki ( pɔʐˈniki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czeremcha , within Hajnówka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Rotherfield Park is a country house and estate located in East Tisted , East Hampshire in England .
Castel del Giudice is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Isernia in the Italian region of Molise , located about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) northwest of Campobasso and about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) north of Isernia .
The Franz Horr Stadium ( Franz - Horr - Stadion in German ) is a football stadium in the south of Vienna , Austria .
The Lord Nelson Hotel is a grand hotel in Halifax , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Romaszki ( rɔˈmaʂkʲi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rossosz , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Navajo Dam is an earthen dam on the San Juan River , a tributary of the Colorado River , in northwestern New Mexico in the United States .
The Lloyd M. Joshel House , also known simply as the Joshel House , is a private residence in the Hilltop Neighborhood of Denver , Colorado .
WRPW ( Cities 92.9 ) is a FM broadcast conservative radio station in Central Illinois with a talk format .
South Park City is an open - air museum located at the west end of Front Street in the town of Fairplay in Park County , Colorado .
Sławkowice ( swafkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupice , within Wieliczka County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Kucborek ( kut͡sˈbɔrɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Papowo Biskupie , within Chełmno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Crandall Canyon Mine , formerly Genwal Mine , was an underground bituminous coal mine in northwestern Emery County , Utah .
Miyun Town ( Chinese : 密云镇 ; pinyin : Mìyún Zhèn ) is a town in Miyun District , Beijing , China .
Garðabær ( Icelandic pronunciation : ( ˈkarðapair̥ ) ) is a municipality in the Capital Region of Iceland .
The independent city of Rosenheim is located in the centre of the district of Rosenheim ( Upper Bavaria ) , and is also the seat of administration of this region .
The Little San Bernardino Mountains are a short mountain range of the Transverse Ranges , located in southern California in the United States .
Redinger Ditch is a creek in northern Indiana that starts near Argos and joins the Tippecanoe River in Talma .
Lemhi County Airport ( IATA : SMN , ICAO : KSMN , FAA LID : SMN ) is a public airport located four miles ( 6 km ) south of the central business district ( CBD ) of Salmon , a city in Lemhi County , Idaho , USA .
The Kichatna Mountains are a small mountain range in the northwestern part of Matanuska - Susitna Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska , approximately 70 miles ( 110 km ) southwest of Denali .
Fongen ( Southern Sami : Lopmesvaerie ) is a mountain on the border of the municipalities of Selbu ( Sør - Trøndelag ) , Tydal ( Sør - Trøndelag ) , and Meråker ( Nord - Trøndelag ) in Norway .
Wilamówka ( vilaˈmufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzcianne , within Mońki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Sethubavachatram is a village located in Thanjavur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Kenui ( Persian : كنوئي‎ , also Romanized as Kenū’ī ; also known as Karooyeh , Kenūyeh , and Kerūyeh ) is a village in Ruydar Rural District , Ruydar District , Khamir County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Damir Ughlikesh ( Persian : دميراوغلي كش‎ , also Romanized as Damīr Ūghlīkesh ) is a village in Heyran Rural District , in the Central District of Astara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
One Metropolitan Square , also known as Met Square , is a skyscraper completed in 1989 in downtown St. Louis , Missouri .
The Neff 's Mill Covered Bridge or Bowman 's Mill Covered Bridge is a covered bridge that spans the Pequea Creek on the border between West Lampeter Township and Strasburg Township in Lancaster County , Pennsylvania , United States .
Augusta State University was a public university located in Augusta , Georgia , United States .
Jedzbark ( ˈjɛd͡zbark ) ( German Hirschberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
RiverTown Crossings is a two - story enclosed super - regional shopping mall in Grandville , Michigan .
Kahurnarenjak ( Persian : كهورنارنجك‎ , also Romanized as Kahūrnārenjak ) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District , in the Central District of Kahnuj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Hollywood Casino Toledo is a casino in Toledo , Ohio , that opened on May 29 , 2012 .
Fort Christian is a Dano - Norwegian - built fort in Charlotte Amalie , Saint Thomas , U.S. Virgin Islands .
Rancho Sanjon de los Moquelumnes was a 35,508-acre ( 143.70 km2 ) Mexican land grant in present - day Sacramento County and San Joaquin County , California given in 1844 by Governor Manuel Micheltorena to Anastasio Chaboya .
Tschlin is a former municipality in the district of Inn in the canton of Graubünden in the extreme east of Switzerland .
Kalateh - ye Qajar ( Persian : كلاته قاجار‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Qājār ) is a village in Shoqan Rural District , Jolgeh Shoqan District , Jajrom County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Vigo County Courthouse is a courthouse in Terre Haute , Indiana .
Manhattan Avenue is the name of two streets in New York City .
Borgo Valsugana ( German : Burg i m Suganertal ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol , located about 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) east of Trento .
Glines Canyon Dam ( also known as Upper Elwha Dam ) , built in 1927 , was a 210-foot ( 64 m ) high concrete arch dam built on the Elwha River within Olympic National Park , Clallam County , Washington .
Hiware Bazar lies in the drought - prone Ahmednagar district .
Moster Church ( Norwegian : Moster kyrkje ) is a parish church in Bømlo municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Newbarn is a hamlet around a crossroads northwest of Etchinghill in Kent , England .
The Fields Corner Municipal Building is a historic municipal building at 1 Arcadia Street and 195 Adams Street in the Dorchester neighborhood of Boston , Massachusetts .
Grapeland Heights is a neighborhood in the city of Miami , Florida , United States .
The municipality of Banyalbufar has an area of 18.1 km² and lies next to the Serra de Tramuntana mountain off the C-710 along the road from Andratx to Valldemossa .
Sesimbra ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( sɨˈzĩbɾɐ ) ) is a municipality of Portugal , in the Setúbal District , lying at the foothills of the Serra da Arrábida , a mountain range between Setúbal and Sesimbra .
Kotorydz ( kɔˈtɔrɨt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn , within Piaseczno County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Charter Oak Schoolhouse is a historic octagonal school building in Schuline , Illinois , located on the Evansville / Schuline Road between Schuline and Walsh .
The Hal W. Adams Bridge , built in 1947 , is an historic bridge that carries State Road 51 across the Suwannee River between Lafayette and Suwannee counties , Florida in the United States .
The Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts at the Georgia Institute of Technology has gradually evolved to contain a wide variety of liberal arts subjects at a school known predominantly for engineering .
Guanella Pass ( el . 3557 m./11,669 ft . ) is a high mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains of central Colorado , US .
The Shire of Waroona is a local government area in the Peel region of Western Australia between Mandurah and Harvey and about 110 kilometres ( 68 mi ) south of Perth , the state capital .
Perth Stadium is a multi - purpose stadium in Burswood , Western Australia being built by a consortium led by Brookfield Multiplex .
Hani Garmaleh ( Persian : هاني گرمله‎ , also Romanized as Hānī Garmaleh ; also known as Kānī Garmaleh ) is a village in Sirvan Rural District , Nowsud District , Paveh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Argos Izaak Walton League Historic District is an Indiana chapter location of the Izaak Walton League of America .
Cruchten railway station ( Luxembourgish : Gare Kruuchten , French : Gare de Cruchten , German : Bahnhof Kruchten ) is a railway station serving the town of Cruchten , in the commune of Nommern , in central Luxembourg .
Mohican II is a historic steel riveted hull excursion steamboat located at Lake George in Warren County , New York .
The Cameron Suspension Bridge crosses the Little Colorado River at Cameron , Arizona , USA .
Chatham University Arboretum ( 32 acres ) is an arboretum located on the campus of Chatham University at Woodland Road , Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , United States .
Bavar ( Cyrillic : Бавар ) is a village in the municipality of Jajce , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
KPJC ( 1220 AM , `` JC Talk '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Salem , Oregon , USA .
Luqiao District ( simplified Chinese : 路桥区 ; traditional Chinese : 路橋區 ; pinyin : Lùqiáo Qū ; Tai - chow dialect : Lu - giao K'ü ) is a district of Taizhou in Zhejiang Province , People 's Republic of China .
The Eli Whitney Museum , in Hamden , Connecticut , is an experimental learning workshop for students , teachers , and families .
The Eastwood Mall is an indoor shopping center in Niles , Ohio , USA , serving the Youngstown - Warren area .
Oleszki ( ɔˈlɛʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko - Zdrój , within Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Louis ' Lunch in New Haven , Connecticut , United States , advertises itself as the first restaurant to serve hamburgers and as being the oldest hamburger restaurant still operating in the U.S. Opened as a small lunch wagon in 1895 , Louis ' Lunch was also one of the first places in the U.S. to serve steak sandwiches .
Toddsbury is a historic home located on the banks of the North River in Gloucester County , Virginia .
Texcatepec is a municipality located in the north zone in the State of Veracruz , about 190 km from state capital Xalapa .
The Charles W. Noyes House is an historic single - family bungalow located at 271 Chestnut Street in the village of West Newton in Newton , Massachusetts .
The Watertown Arsenal was a major American arsenal located on the northern shore of the Charles River in Watertown , Massachusetts .
Milewo - Malonki ( miˈlɛvɔ maˈlɔŋki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karniewo , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Chah - e Salar Hasan ( Persian : چاه سالارحسن‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Sālār Ḩasan ) is a village in Naharjan Rural District , Mud District , Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Ojrzanów - Towarzystwo ( ɔi̯ˈʐanuf tɔvaˈʐɨstfɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żabia Wola , within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Saghuyeh ( Persian : ساغويه‎ , also Romanized as Sāghūyeh ; also known as Sāqū’īyeh and Sātū’īyeh ) is a village in Tujerdi Rural District , Sarchehan District , Bavanat County , Fars Province , Iran .
Ningqiang County ( 宁强县 ) is a county in the southwesternmost corner of the Hanzhong municipal region , Shaanxi , bordering both Sichuan and Gansu .
Old Paluvayi is a village in Rentachintala mandal , Guntur district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
The William Luelleman House ( also known as the Gerhard Hehemann House ) is a historic house in downtown New Bremen , Ohio , United States .
Panther Stadium is a 5,000-seat stadium located on the campus of Clark Atlanta University in Atlanta , Georgia , United States .
The Museo de Arte Hispanoamericano Isaac Fernández Blanco is a museum of art located in the Retiro ward of Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Abbeville Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : 0J0 ) is a city - owned , public - use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) north of the central business district of Abbeville , a city in Henry County , Alabama , United States .
The Dominican House of Studies is located on Michigan Ave . , directly across from The Catholic University of America , in the part of northeastern Washington , D.C. , once known as `` Little Rome '' , today more commonly referred to as Brookland .
The Putnam Farm is a historic farm on Spaulding Road in Brooklyn , Connecticut .
Interstate 820 ( I-820 ) is a loop of Interstate 20 in Fort Worth , Texas of approximately 35.17 miles ( 56.60 km ) around the city and some of its suburbs .
Drayford is a village in the English county of Devon , approximately 15 miles north west of Exeter .
Mount Prophet is a steep and remote mountain in the North Cascades of Washington state .
WRGP - FIU Student Radio is the student - run radio station of Florida International University in Miami , FL .
Gorenje Karteljevo ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈɾeːnjɛ kaɾtɛˈljeːʋɔ ) ) is a settlement in the hills north of the town of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia .
The Harvard Square Subway Kiosk is an historic kiosk and landmark located at Zero Harvard Square in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Veys District ( Persian : بخش ویس‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Bavi County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Carstairs House , also known as Monteith House , is a country house 1.5 kilometres ( 0.93 mi ) south west of Carstairs South Lanarkshire , Scotland .
Carthage Jail , located in Carthage , Illinois , was the location of the murder of Joseph Smith , the founder of the Latter Day Saint movement , and his brother Hyrum , by a mob of approximately 150 men .
Shafter High School is a public high school in Shafter , California , United States , a city north of Bakersfield , California and south of Fresno , California .
Caddington ( TL 065 195 ) is a village and civil parish in the Central Bedfordshire district of Bedfordshire , England .
Coe - Brown Northwood Academy is a comprehensive secondary institution in Northwood , New Hampshire , United States .
Osuchów - Parcela ( ɔˈsuxuf parˈt͡sɛla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźminek , within Kalisz County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Pingtang County ( Chinese : 平塘县 ; pinyin : Píngtáng Xiàn ) is a county in the Qiannan Buyei and Miao Autonomous Prefecture of Guizhou , in southwest China .
The International Forest of Friendship is an arboretum and memorial forest beside Lake Warnock in Atchison , Kansas .
Yedurulanka ( Telugu : యెదురులంక ) is a village in I.Polavaram mandal of East Godavari district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Wandegeya is a neighborhood within the city of Kampala , Uganda 's capital and largest metropolitan area . The name is derived from the weaver birds , ( Endegeya in Luganda ) , which used to inhabit the area prior to the 1990s .
Rookwith is a hamlet and civil parish in the Hambleton district of North Yorkshire , England , about 4 miles west of Bedale and near the flow of the River Ure .
Zaslivlje ( Cyrillic : Засливље ) is a village in the municipality of Konjic , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Dinjerd ( Persian : دينجرد‎ , also Romanized as Dīnjerd ; also known as Banī Gerd , Danījerd , Dīnehgerd , and Dīnerjed ) is a village in Bazarjan Rural District , in the Central District of Tafresh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Elevenmile Creek is a river on Douglas Island in the City and Borough of Juneau ( CBJ ) , Alaska , United States .
Indianola Park was an amusement park that operated in Columbus , Ohio 's University District from 1905 to 1937 .
West Marshall Community School District is a school district in central Iowa , United States .
Farm to Market Road 1892 ( FM 1892 ) runs about .88 miles ( 1.42 km ) from east of Frankston , Texas north , then east , to a boat ramp just west of the dam at Lake Palestine .
Apalachia Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Hiwassee River in Cherokee County , in the U.S. state of North Carolina .
The Forrest Theatre is a live theatre venue at 1114 Walnut Street Center City area of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Kahn - e Zard - e Do ( Persian : كهن زرد2‎ ; also known as Kohanzard ) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Obel Tower is a highrise building in Belfast , Northern Ireland .
Miss Dana 's School for Young Ladies was a private boarding and finishing school originally founded in 1860 as the Morris Female Institute , in Morristown , New Jersey at 163 South Street , near Madison Avenue .
The House at 10 Arlington Street in Somerville , Massachusetts , also known as the Walter J. Squire House , is a well - preserved transitional Italianate / Queen Anne house .
The Great Quadrangle , more popularly known as Tom Quad , is one of the quadrangles of Christ Church , Oxford , England .
Darahu ( Persian : دراهو‎ , also Romanized as Darāhū ) is a village in Bazman Rural District , Bazman District , Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Bid Kaj ( Persian : بيدكج‎ , also Romanized as Bīd Kaj ; also known as Bīd Kaj - e Movaqqat ) is a village in Sarchehan Rural District , Sarchehan District , Bavanat County , Fars Province , Iran .
Bechu Bazar ( Persian : بچو بازار‎ , also Romanized as Bechū Bāzār ) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District , Dashtiari District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Keyes Bungalow is a National Register of Historic Places structure in Altadena , California .
Clifty Falls State Park is an Indiana state park on 1,416 acres ( 573 ha ) in Jefferson County , Indiana in the United States .
Shanhua District ( Chinese : 善化區 ; pinyin : Shànhuà Qū ; Wade -- Giles : Shan - hua ; literally : `` amelioration '' ) is a suburban district of Tainan , a special municipality located in southwestern Taiwan , about 20 km northeast of Anping .
Lapscheure is a town in Damme , a municipality in the province of West Flanders , Belgium .
Wyskitna ( vɨsˈkʲitna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grybów , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
El Fondó de les Neus ( Valencian pronunciation : ( fonˈdo ðe lez nɛws ) , Spanish : Hondón de las Nieves ( onˈdon de laz ˈnjeβes ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of Vinalopó Mitjà in the país Valencià , Spain .
Cookney is a hamlet in Aberdeenshire , Scotland in proximity to Netherley in the Mounth of the Grampian Highlands .
Vilt is a village in the Dutch province of Limburg , within the municipality of Valkenburg aan de Geul .
Khakak ( Persian : خاكك‎ , also Romanized as Khāḵaḵ ) is a village in Doreh Rural District , in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Edward R. Murrow Park is a park located in Washington , D.C. at the corner of H Street NW and 18th Street NW .
Mieszki - Kuligi ( ˈmjɛʂki kuˈliɡi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Winnica , within Pułtusk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Bermuda National Stadium is a multi - purpose sports complex in Devonshire Parish , Bermuda , just to the east of the capital , Hamilton .
Emamzadeh Soltan Shahbaz ( Persian : امامزاده سلطان شهباز‎ , also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Solţān Shahbāz ) is a village in Ij Rural District , in the Central District of Estahban County , Fars Province , Iran .
Ahar Meshkin ( Persian : اهارمشكين‎ , also Romanized as Āhār Meshkīn ; also known as Āhār Meshgīn , Ahār Namkīn , Armshakan , and Armushkun ) is a village in Khararud Rural District , in the Central District of Khodabandeh County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Krzywowierzba ( kʂɨvɔˈvjɛʐba ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyryki , within Włodawa County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Zir - e Tut ( Persian : زيرتوت‎ , also Romanized as Zīr - e Tūt ) is a village in Chin Rural District , Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Sartang - e Landeh ( Persian : سرتنگ لنده‎ , also Romanized as Sartang - e Lendeh ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Garmsiri - ye Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Landeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Linluo Township ( Chinese : 麟洛鄉 ; pinyin : Línluò Xiāng ) is a rural township in Pingtung County , Taiwan .
Longridge is a medium - sized town and civil parish in the borough of Ribble Valley in Lancashire , England .
Sursand is a town in Sitamarhi district of Bihar , India
Zarem Kalayeh ( Persian : زارم كلايه‎ , also Romanized as Zārem Kalāyeh ) is a village in Kiashahr Rural District , Kiashahr District , Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Caln Meeting House is a historic Quaker meeting house located at 901 Caln Meeting House Road , near Coatesville in Caln Township , Chester County , Pennsylvania .
The Emirgan Park ( Turkish : Emirgan Korusu or rarely Emirgan Parkı ) is a historical urban park located at the Emirgan neighbourhood in the Sarıyer district of Istanbul , Turkey , on the European coast of the Bosphorus .
The Minskoff Theatre is a Broadway theatre , located at 1515 Broadway in midtown - Manhattan .
The Batcave serves as Batman 's command center , where he monitors all crisis points in Gotham City , as well as the rest of the world .
The A1156 road runs through the centre of Ipswich , Suffolk , England .
The Elster Mountains ( German : Elstergebirge , Czech : Halštrovské hory ) is a small range of mountains , in Saxony and the Czech Republic , to the west of the Ore Mountains .
Al Worthington Stadium was a baseball venue on the campus of Liberty University in Lynchburg , Virginia , USA .
Southwest Guilford High School is a secondary school in High Point , North Carolina , United States established in 1979 .
Takla Lake is the fifth largest natural lake in British Columbia , Canada .
The Nashua River Rail Trail is a 12.5-mile ( 20.1 km ) paved mixed - use rail trail in northern Massachusetts and southern New Hampshire under control of the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation ( DCR ) .
Columbia Turnpike - West Tollhouse is a historic tollhouse located at Greenport in Columbia County , New York .
Bala Shekar Kesh ( Persian : بالاشكركش‎ , also Romanized as Bālā Shekar Kesh ; also known as Shekar Kesh and Shekar Kesh - e Bālā ) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Camp Peary is an approximately 9,000 acre military reservation in York County near Williamsburg , Virginia .
Greenville Technical Charter High School ( GTCHS ) is a small school located on the Barton Campus of Greenville Technical College in Greenville , South Carolina .
Błędostowo ( bwɛndɔsˈtɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Winnica , within Pułtusk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Sams Plantation Complex Tabby Ruins is a historic plantation complex and archaeological site located at Frogmore , Beaufort County , South Carolina .
Trzebcz ( tʂɛpt͡ʂ ) ( German : Rodetal ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polkowice , within Polkowice County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Flattach ( Slovene : Blato ) is a municipality in Spittal an der Drau District in the Austrian state of Carinthia .
The Stitt House is an Italianate style house located in Hot Springs , Arkansas .
Arnsburg Abbey ( Kloster Arnsburg ) is a former Cistercian monastery in the Wetterau , Hesse , Germany .
The Clarendon Building is an early 18th - century neoclassical building of the University of Oxford .
Chenar - e Allah Qoli ( Persian : چناراله قلي‎ , also Romanized as Chenār - e Allāh Qolī and Chenār Allāh Qolī ) is a village in Helilan Rural District , Helilan District , Chardaval County , Ilam Province , Iran .
The area of Echt - Susteren is a green municipality also known as the green waist of Limburg .
Silver Sevens Hotel and Casino , formerly known as Terrible 's , is a locals casino and hotel 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) east of the Las Vegas Strip , in Paradise , Nevada .
Jahad Sabz ( Persian : جهاد سبز‎ , also Romanized as Jahād Sabz ) is a village in Mohsen Ab Rural District , in the Central District of Mehran County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Takvam Chapel ( Norwegian : Takvam kapell ) is a parish church in Bergen municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Płatkownica ( pwatkɔvˈnit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
New Suburb Beautiful is a small neighborhood within the Hyde Park district of Tampa , Florida .
Renin - e Bozorg ( Persian : رنين بزرگ‎ , also Romanized as Renīn - e Bozorg ; also known as Renīn - e Shams od Dīn ) is a village in Gowharan Rural District , Gowharan District , Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Arbirlot ( Gaelic : Obar Eilid ) is a village in a rural parish of the same name in Angus , Scotland .
Boelare Castle is a castle near the village Nederboelare , Geraardsbergen municipality , in the province of East - Flanders , Belgium .
Simcoe North ( French : Simcoe - Nord ) is a federal electoral district in central Ontario , Canada .
Diguvamasapalle ( Eguvamasapalli ) is a village in Chittoor mandal in Chittoor district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
The Dr. John Quincy Howe House is a notable house located in Phelps , New York .
The Langevin Block ( French : Édifice Langevin , IPA : ( lɑ̃ʒvɛ̃ ) ) is an office building facing Parliament Hill in Ottawa , Canada .
The London Avenue Canal is a drainage canal in New Orleans , Louisiana , used for pumping rain water into Lake Pontchartrain .
Franusin ( fraˈnuɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Telatyn , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Pomfret Town House is an historic meetinghouse on Town House Road in Pomfret , Connecticut .
Priestweston ( or Priest Weston ) is a small village in the civil parish of Chirbury with Brompton , Shropshire , England , lying in the Welsh Marches .
The Crookdale Horseshoe is a group of hills on the eastern edge of the English Lake District , in Cumbria , west of the A6 road .
The Great Salt Lake , located in the northern part of the U.S. state of Utah , is the largest salt water lake in the Western Hemisphere , and the fourth - largest terminal lake in the world .
Norman 's Retreat is a historic home and farm complex at Galesville , Anne Arundel County , Maryland .
The Museum of Lebanese Prehistory ( Musée de Préhistoire Libanaise ) is a museum of prehistory and archaeology in Beirut , Lebanon .
Abbott High School is a public high school located in Abbott , Texas ( USA ) and classified as a 1A school by the UIL .
The Dreieck Havelland ( German : Autobahndreieck Havelland ) is a trumpet interchange in the German state Brandenburg in the Metropolitan region Berlin .
The John Fitzgerald Kennedy National Historic Site is the birthplace and childhood home of John Fitzgerald Kennedy , the 35th President of the United States , located at 83 Beals Street in the Coolidge Corner neighborhood of Brookline , Massachusetts .
Miliszewy ( miliˈʂɛvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechocin , within Golub - Dobrzyń County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
It is located on the border between the municipalities of Vang and Vågå , ( in Oppland ) , but the northwestern corner of the municipality of Øystre Slidre reaches the summit of Øystre Rasletind .
CJNE - FM is a privately owned Canadian radio station that broadcasts an incredibly diverse oldies / adult hits / classic rock format , branded as The Storm , at 94.7 FM in Nipawin , Saskatchewan .
Gręzówka ( ɡrɛ̃ˈzufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łuków , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Sonnenberg Tunnel is a 1,550 m long motorway tunnel , constructed between 1971 and 1976 and located in Lucerne , Switzerland .
Morayfield State High School is a public , coeducational high school in Morayfield , Queensland , Australia .
Phillips - Sprague Mine , also known as the Beckley Exhibition Coal Mine , is a historic coal mine located at New River Park in Beckley , Raleigh County , West Virginia .
Taos Regional Airport ( IATA : TSM , ICAO : KSKX , FAA LID : SKX ) is a public - use airport located eight nautical miles ( 15 km ) northwest of the central business district of Taos , in Taos County , New Mexico , United States .
The Amway Center is a sports and entertainment venue in Orlando , Florida , located in the Downtown area .
Aasa Buttar is a small village located in the Giddarbaha Tehsil of Sri Muktsar Sahib district of Eastern Punjab .
Harmony Union School District is a public school district based in Occidental , California which feeds into the West Sonoma County Union High School District .
The Larkin Building was a 110-floor , 368.2 meters ( 1,208 ft ) tall skyscraper that was proposed in 1926 and canceled in 1930 at 330 West 42nd Street in New York City , New York , United States .
WGDQ ( 93.1 FM , `` WGDQ '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Sumrall , Mississippi , USA , and serving the Laurel - Hattiesburg area .
WIVR 101.7 FM is a radio station licensed to Kentland , Indiana , and serving Newton County , Benton County , and Jasper County in Indiana , and Iroquois County , and Kankakee County in Illinois .
The Winchester Model 54 is a bolt - action rifle manufactured by the Winchester Repeating Arms Company .
The Vympel NPO R-77 missile ( NATO reporting name : AA-12 Adder ) is a Russian medium range , active radar homing air - to - air missile system .
ADC Cirrus engines were originally built by ADC Aircraft until Cirrus Aero Engines Limited was formed in 1927 .
The VAZ-2106 is an automobile which was produced by the Russian manufacturer AvtoVAZ , later by Russian IZh and Ukrainian Anto - Rus .
The Type 072-class landing ship ( NATO designation Yukan class ) are large landing ships built by Shanghai - based Zhonghua Shipyard ( now Hudong - Zhonghua Shipbuilding ) in the 1980s to replace the aging World War II - era ex - US Navy L-1511 tank landing ships in service with the PLA Navy .
The Breguet Type IV was an aircraft built by Breguet Aviation .
With over 3,000 manufactured by Loewe and Deutsche Waffen und Munitionsfabriken , Borchardt C-93 was the first mass - produced semi - automatic pistol .
The Lake - class patrol vessel was a class of patrol vessels built in 1974 for the Royal New Zealand Navy by the British boat builders Brooke Marine .
The TGV 001 was an experimental gas turbine - electric locomotive - powered trainset built by Alstom to break speed records between 250 - -300 kilometres per hour ( 160 - -190 mph ) .
The Ascari Ecosse is a mid - engine sports car produced by Ascari Cars from 1998 to 1999 .
The Enstrom 480 is a small , light helicopter produced by the Enstrom Helicopter Corporation .
The Yamaha SR250 is a single cylinder motorcycle made by Yamaha Motor Company from 1980 to 1982 for the first generation , and since 2001 for the second generation .
The SM U-118 was commissioned on 8 May 1918 , following her construction at the AG Vulcan Stettin shipyard in Hamburg .
The Hyundai BlueOn is a subcompact 5-door hatchback electric car produced by Hyundai Motor Company .
The P-800 Oniks ( Russian : П-800 Оникс ; English : Onyx ) , also known in export markets as Yakhont ( Russian : Яхонт ; English : ruby ) , is a Soviet / Russian supersonic anti - ship cruise missile developed by NPO Mashinostroyeniya as a ramjet version of P-80 Zubr .
The Le Rhône 9J is a nine - cylinder rotary aircraft engine produced in France by Gnome et Rhône .
The Colt Machine Gun-1 or CMG-1 was an open bolt belt - fed machine gun that fired 5.56×45 mm cartridges designed by Colt Manufacturing Company in 1965 .
Great Western 60 is a 2 - 8 - 0 consolidation built in August 1937 by the American Locomotive Company in Schenectady , New York , and is currently operated on the Black River & Western Railroad ( BR&W ) in Ringoes , New Jersey .
Hydra - Shok is a type of cartridge with expanding bullets made by Federal Cartridge .
The Mitsubishi Colt 600 is a five - seat , two - door passenger sedan produced by Shin Mitsubishi Heavy - Industries , Ltd - one of the companies which would become Mitsubishi Motors .
The GM PD-4501 Scenicruiser , manufactured exclusively by General Motors for The Greyhound Corporation , was a three - axle monocoque two - level coach used by Greyhound from July 1954 into the mid-70 's .
USS America ( ID-3006 ) was a troop transport for the United States Navy during World War I. She was launched in 1905 as SS Amerika by Harland and Wolff in Belfast for the Hamburg America Line of Germany .
The Pilatus PC-7 Turbo Trainer is a low - wing tandem - seat training aircraft , manufactured by Pilatus Aircraft of Switzerland .
HMQS Midge was specifically built in England by J. Samuel White , Cowes , for this purpose and shipped out to Australia in 1887 .
The Hyundai Universe ( hangul:현대 유니버스 ) is a heavy - duty luxury coach built by Hyundai Motor Company .
The Israeli Ordnance Corps are responsible for final Merkava assembly .
Histria Prince was built by the Constanța Shipyard in 2008 as a 40,416 DWT ship used for the transportation of oil and oil products and chemical products .
The Caparo T1 is a British mid - engine , rear - wheel drive , two - seat automobile built by Caparo Vehicle Technologies , founded by design director Ben Scott - Geddes and engineering director Graham Halstead , engineers formerly involved in the development of the McLaren F1 .
The Marlin Model 336 is a lever - action sporting rifle and carbine made by Marlin Firearms .
BrahMos - II or BrahMos-2 or BrahMos Mark II ( note : not to be confused with BrahMos block-2 ) is a hypersonic cruise missile currently under joint development by Russia 's NPO Mashinostroeyenia and India 's Defence Research and Development Organisation , which have together formed BrahMos Aerospace Private Limited .
The HP Prime is a graphing calculator manufactured by Hewlett - Packard ( HP ) .
The SPAD S.XIII was a French biplane fighter aircraft of World War I , developed by Société Pour L'Aviation et ses Dérivés ( SPAD ) from the earlier highly successful SPAD S.VII .
The DB Class 101 is a class of three - phase electric locomotives built by Adtranz and operated by DB Fernverkehr in Germany .
MV Derbyshire was an ore - bulk - oil combination carrier built in 1976 by Swan Hunter , as the last in the series of the Bridge - class sextet .
When Commodore International was liquidated in 1994 , a number of prototypes were sold on the open market , and thus a few people actually own a Commodore 65 .
MS Mediterranean Sky was an ocean liner built in 1953 by Vickers Shipbuilding and Engineering , Barrow - in - Furness , United Kingdom as City of York .
The SS Athenic was a British passenger liner built by Harland & Wolff shipyards for the White Star Line in 1901 .
Brett Cook ( born 19 April 1973 ) is a former Australian rules footballer for the Fitzroy Football Club and St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League .
Vitaliy Pryndeta ( Ukrainian : Віталій Валерійович Приндета ; born 2 February 1993 in Dubno , Rivne Oblast , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who played for FC Volyn Lutsk in the Ukrainian Premier League until December 7 , 2015 when he was released on a free transfer .
Ricardo Noir worked with his father before trialling for the Youth Divisions of Boca Juniors in 2003 and getting selected .
Rosario Costantino ( born February 6 , 1988 in Palermo ) is an Italian professional football player currently playing for Lega Pro Seconda Divisione team Isole Liri on loan from U.S. Città di Palermo .
Brett Deacon ( born 7 March 1982 in Leicester , England ) is a retired rugby union player who notably played for Leicester Tigers in the Premiership .
Fabio Caracciolo ( born 6 September 1984 in Genk ) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a striker for Dutch second division side MVV Maastricht on loan from CS Visé .
Charles Hérold Jr. ( born 23 July 1990 ) is a Haitian footballer who plays as a right winger for Cibao FC in the Liga Dominicana de Fútbol .
Daryl Burgess ( born 24 January 1971 in Birmingham ) is an English footballer who played for West Bromwich Albion , Northampton Town , AFC Rochdale , Kidderminster Harriers , Nuneaton Borough and Bromsgrove Rovers F.C. , where he was also assistant manager .
Burt James Ray Mansfield ( January 21 , 1941 -- November 3 , 1996 ) , nicknamed `` Ranger , '' was an American football center in the NFL for the Philadelphia Eagles and Pittsburgh Steelers .
Luther Blue ( born October 21 , 1954 ) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for the Detroit Lions and Philadelphia Eagles .
Alexander Grünwald , ( born 1 May 1989 ) is an Austrian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for FK Austria Wien .
Francisco Leonelli ( born 3 May 1978 ) is an Argentine rugby union footballer , currently playing for Saracens F.C. in the Guinness Premiership .
Scott Oke ( born March 16 , 1993 ) is a Canadian ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Rimouski Océanic in the QMJHL .
Christian Piot ( born 4 October 1947 in Ougrée ) is a retired Belgian football goalkeeper who won the Belgian Golden Shoe in 1972 while at Standard Liège .
Monika Kuliš ( born 20 April 1995 ) is a Bosnian football midfielder who plays SFK 2000 .
Vincenzo Marchese ( Italian pronunciation : ( vinˈtʃɛntso marˈkeːze ) ; born May 19 , 1983 ) is an Italian - German footballer who plays for Stuttgarter Kickers .
Lucas Marcolini Dantas Bertucci , known simply as Lucas Bertucci ( born May 6 , 1989 in Brazil ) , is a Brazilian football midfielder player who currently plays for DOXXbet liga club FK Bodva Moldava nad Bodvou .
Giorgio Achterberg ( born 1 February 1990 ) is a Dutch professional footballer , who currently plays for SVV Scheveningen in the Dutch Topklasse .
Augustin Ujka is a retired Albanian professional football who played for KF Laçi in Albania , NK Mladost 127 in Croatia and FC Chiasso in Switzerland .
Sékou Condé ( born 9 June 1993 in Conakry , Guinea ) is a professional Guinean football defender , who plays for FC Olimpik Donetsk in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Eoin Sheriff ( born 22 August 1988 in Gorey , Ireland is an Irish professional rugby union player . He plays at lock for Saracens .
Panče Ḱumbev ( Macedonian : Панче Ќумбев ; born 25 December 1979 ) is a retired Macedonian footballer who last played for FK Rabotnički .
Michael Vester ( born 4 May 1988 ) is a Danish professional football forward , who plays for the Danish 2nd Division side Aarhus Fremad , which he joined on a free transfer from Danish 1st Division side AGF Aarhus in July 2010 .
Everson Griffen ( born December 22 , 1987 ) is an American football defensive end for the Minnesota Vikings of the National Football League .
Marco Pewal ( born September 17 , 1978 in Villach ) is an Austrian former professional ice hockey forward who last played with EC VSV of the Austrian Hockey League ( EBEL ) .
Marek Kubisz ( born February 27 , 1974 in Poland ) is a Polish footballer who is currently playing in Szombierki Bytom .
David Kiselak ( born 2 August 1988 in Slovenj Gradec ) is a Slovenian football Defender who plays for NK Dravograd .
Steven Browne ( born 1 February 1989 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Carlton Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) from 2008 - -2010 .
Marcel Schäfer ( born 7 June 1984 in Aschaffenburg ) is a German professional footballer who plays as a left wingback for VfL Wolfsburg in the Bundesliga .
Guillermo Méndez Pereiro ( born 31 January 1992 in San Esteban de Pravia , Asturias ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for UP Langreo as a forward .
Erik Cummins ( born 10 August 1988 ) in Rotterdam is a Dutch football ( soccer ) player who plays as a goalkeeper for Go Ahead Eagles in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Jonas Strifler ( born January 30 , 1990 ) is a German footballer who plays as a defender or midfielder for SV Waldhof Mannheim .
Borislav Topić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бopиcлaв Toпић , born 22 May 1984 ) is a Bosnian Serb football defender who plays for NK Jedinstvo Bihać .
Zhou Qi ( Chinese : 周琦 , born January 16 , 1996 ) is a Chinese basketball player who currently plays for the Xinjiang Flying Tigers of the Chinese Basketball Association .
Danko Opančina ( Serbian Cyrillic : Данко Опанчина ; born 27 July 1990 in Kraljevo ) is a Serbian football defender who plays for Serbian SuperLiga club FK Smederevo .
Jean - Paul de Jong ( born 17 October 1970 ) is a Dutch retired footballer who played mostly as a right midfielder , and the current assistant manager of FC Utrecht .
Marta Cubí Tudó is a Spanish football player currently playing for CE Sant Gabriel in the Spanish league .
Darko Glišić or Darko Glishikj ( Macedonian : Дарко Глишиќ ) ( born 23 September 1991 ) is a Macedonian footballer who currently plays as a left back for FK Vardar in the Macedonian First League .
María Alharilla Casado Morente is a Spanish football striker , currently playing for Levante UD in Spain 's Primera División .
Dick Nesbitt was a professional American football player who played running back for five seasons for the Chicago Bears , Chicago Cardinals , and Brooklyn Dodgers ..
Henk Veerman ( born 30 June 1993 in Volendam ) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a Forward for SC Heerenveen in the Dutch Eredivisie .
Scott Tinsley ( born November 14 , 1959 ) is a former American football quarterback who played for one season in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles in 1987 .
Cameron Howat ( born 30 January 1985 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who was selected in the 2005 AFL Rookie Draft by the Richmond Football Club and delisted after the 2008 season .
For 2009 - -10 Rabiola was loaned again , now to S.C. Olhanense which had just returned to the top division .
Ivan Nikčević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Иван Никчевић ; born 11 February 1981 ) is a Serbian handballer who plays for Wisła Płock and the Serbian national team .
Kevin Mason ( born September 25 , 1972 ) is a former American football quarterback who played four seasons in the Canadian Football League with the Saskatchewan Roughriders , Winnipeg Blue Bombers , and Edmonton Eskimos .
William Cullen Bryant ( May 20 , 1951 -- October 13 , 2009 ) was a professional American football player who spent thirteen seasons in the National Football League ( NFL ) as a running back and return specialist for the Los Angeles Rams and Seattle Seahawks .
Giray Kaçar previously played for Gençlerbirliği at the youth level , before transferring to Trabzonspor in 2008 .
Ayhan Tuna Üzümcü ( born 6 August 1982 ) is a Turkish football defender , who plays for Adanaspor .
Marc Castells Ortega ( born 12 March 1990 in Valencia ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Castellón mainly as a defensive midfielder .
Danny Grimshaw is a professional rugby league footballer , playing at club level for Stanley Rangers ARLFC , Sharlston Rovers ARLFC , York City Knights , Hunslet Hawks , and Featherstone Rovers , as a Stand - off / Five - eighth , or Scrum - half / Halfback .
Brett Brown ( born February 16 , 1961 ) is an American professional basketball coach who is currently the head coach of the Philadelphia 76ers of the NBA .
Sipho Sibiya Riopel ( also known as Siphos Sibya ) is a retired South African - Canadian soccer player who is an assistant coach with the Vancouver Whitecaps women 's team .
James Podsiadly ( born 10 September 1981 ) is a former professional Australian rules football player who played for the Geelong Football Club and Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Youcef Reguigui ( born 9 January 1990 ) is an Algerian road racing cyclist riding for MTN-- Qhubeka .
Alexander Homér ( born 4 October 1970 ) is a former football player from Slovakia and currently manager of TJ Iskra Borčice .
On February 13 , 2009 , Marcus Banks was traded to the Toronto Raptors with Shawn Marion in exchange for Jermaine O'Neal and Jamario Moon .
Josh Maveety ( born November 29 , 1988 in Kingston , Ontario ) is a former professional Canadian football punter and placekicker for the Hamilton Tiger - Cats of the Canadian Football League .
Roman Chmelo ( born 9 September 1980 ) is a Slovak footballer who plays for Indonesian Super League team PSM Makassar .
In round 21 , after playing 14 games and kicking 35 goals that year , Wayne Carey played what would end up being his last game for the North Melbourne Football Club .
Kenyon Rasheed is a former National Football League running back for the New York Giants .
Miho Shishiuchi ( born August 21 , 1992 ) is a Japanese ice hockey player for HPK and the Japanese national team .
Larry Krause is a former player in the National Football League for the Green Bay Packers from 1970 to 1974 as a running back .
In the liga mx Cristian Campestrini is known to take along time handling the ball , already in his short term with Puebla F.C. he has received two red cards as consequences .
Nick Marsman ( born 1 October 1990 ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays for FC Twente , as a goalkeeper .
Onur Ayık ( born 28 January 1990 ) is a Turkish footballer who plays for Süper Lig side Akhisar Belediyespor .
Amos Ekhalie ( born 8 July 1988 ) is a Kenyan footballer who currently plays for IFK Mariehamn in the Finnish Veikausliiga as a midfielder .
Ronny Wabia ( born June 23 , 1970 ) is an Indonesian footballer who previously played as a striker for Persipura Jayapura and the Indonesia national team .
John Plumtree is the current forwards coach for the Hurricanes and is the former head coach of the Natal Sharks , a rugby union team which competes in the Super Rugby and Currie Cup competitions .
Jock Climie is a Canadian retired Canadian Football League player who played the slotback position primarily with the Toronto Argonauts , Ottawa Rough Riders , and Montreal Alouettes .
Sam Dunell ( born 21 February 1990 ) is an Australian rules football player who played for the St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) and currently plays for Williamstown in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Luke McLean ( born 29 June 1987 ) is an Italian Australian rugby union footballer who plays at fullback and fly - half for the Sale Sharks in England .
Łukasz Skorupski ( born May 5 , 1991 in Zabrze ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Empoli on loan from A.S. Roma .
Jelle Wallays ( born 11 May 1989 ) is a Belgian road cyclist , currently riding for UCI Professional Continental team Topsport Vlaanderen-- Baloise .
Donny Fernando Siregar or Donny Siregar is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Gresik United as a striker .
Yaser Salem Ali is a retired UAE football ( soccer ) player who played as a striker for Al Wahda S.C.C ..
Moustapha Quaynor ( born 17 July 1995 ) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays for Cypriot First Division side Ermis Aradippou as a midfielder , on loan from AEL Limassol .
Lukáš Škrečko ( born July 17 , 1987 ) is a Slovakian professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing for HKm Zvolen in the Slovak Extraliga .
Tomáš Cigánek ( born 30 November 1978 in Přerov ) is a Czech footballer ( midfielder ) who plays for SK Kladno .
Kenneth Vermeer ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈkɛnət fərˈmeːr ) , born 10 January 1986 ) is a Dutch footballer , who plays as goalkeeper for Feyenoord in the Eredivisie and the Netherlands national team .
Danil Kutuzov ( born 13 March 1987 ) is a Russian futsal player who plays for MFK Dina Moskva and the Russian national futsal team .
József Windecker ( born 2 December 1992 in Szeged , Hungary ) is a Hungarian football player , currently playing for Hungarian side Paks on loan from Győri ETO FC .
Enzo Ferrero ( born January 3 , 1953 in Campana ) is a retired Argentine footballer who played for Boca Juniors in Argentina and Sporting de Gijón in Spain .
János Vas ( born January 29 , 1984 , in Dunaújváros , Hungary ) is a professional Hungarian ice hockey left wing currently playing in HC Slavia Praha .
Carlos Alberto Carvalho dos Anjos Junior `` Juninho '' ( born September 15 , 1977 in Salvador , Bahia ) is a Brazilian professional football striker who currently plays for Japan 's J. League club Kashima Antlers .
On 3 January 2008 , Levski and Hapoel Tel Aviv F.C. agreed on the transfers of Elin Topuzakov and Dimitar Telkiyski .
Sven Blummel ( born 8 September 1996 ) is a Dutch professional football player who currently plays as a midfielder for PSV Eindhoven .
Ece Türkoğlu ( born April 14 , 1999 ) is a Turkish women 's football midfielder currently playing in the Turkish Women 's First League as captain for Kdz . Ereğlispor with jersey number 10 .
John Westin ( born May 19 , 1992 ) is a Swedish ice hockey forward who plays for Modo Hockey in the Elitserien .
Ruslan Kisil ( Ukrainian : Руслан Сергійович Кісіль ; born 23 October 1991 , Novodonetske , Donetsk Oblast , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Illichivets Mariupol .
Ditmar Shehri ( born 19 August 1997 in Tirana ) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays as an Goalkeeper for KF Tirana in the Albanian Superliga .
Tonny Emilio Trindade de Vilhena ( born 3 January 1995 ) , more commonly known as simply Tonny Vilhena , is a Dutch footballer who plays as a midfielder for Feyenoord in the Eredivisie .
Ersin Kaya ( born 5 July 1993 ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) player who plays as a right midfielder or right back for Bayrampaşaspor .
Yohan Croizet ( born 15 February 1992 ) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for Belgian Pro League side Oud - Heverlee Leuven .
Aron Liechti ( born 15 February 1986 ) is a Swiss football defender , who currently plays for FC Biel - Bienne .
Josiah Maduabuchi ( born April 16 , 1988 in Lagos ) is a Nigerian football player currently with Lobi Stars F.C.
Achmad Jufriyanto Tohir ( born 7 February 1987 in Tangerang , Banten ) is an Indonesian professional footballer who currently plays for Persib Bandung in the Indonesia Super League .
Anatol Cheptine ( born 20 May 1990 in Tiraspol , Moldova ) is a footballer who currently plays as a Midfielder for Fortuna Liga club MFK Ružomberok .
Stefano Fortunato ( born 15 January 1990 ) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for F.B.C. Unione Venezia .
Chris Molyneux is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s , and 2000s , playing at club level for Stanley Rangers ARLFC , Sheffield Eagles , Huddersfield Giants , Featherstone Rovers , and Batley Bulldogs , as a Prop .
Chris Kuper ( born December 19 , 1982 ) is a former American football offensive guard for the Denver Broncos of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Sebastian Díaz Villán ( born June 28 , 1983 in Montevideo ) , commonly known as Sebastian Díaz , is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a defender for Gimnasia y Esgrima de Jujuy .
Robin Strömberg ( born 23 January 1992 ) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Östers IF , which he joined in January 2015 after four years at Mjällby AIF .
Wilmar Jordán Gil ( born 17 October 1990 in Medellín ) is a Colombian footballer who plays as a striker for UAE Pro - League side Emirates Club .
Andy Kawaya ( born 23 August 1996 ) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a winger for Willem II , on loan from Anderlecht , in the Dutch Eredivisie .
Jacek Kowalczyk ( born 12 August 1981 in Katowice ) is a footballer ( defender ) from Poland who last played for GKS Katowice .
Noel Devine ( born February 16 , 1988 ) is an American football running back who most recently played for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League .
Domagoj Duvnjak ( born 1 June 1988 ) is a Croatian handball player who plays for THW Kiel .
Alexander Fischer ( born 16 September 1986 ) is a Danish professional football defender / winger , who currently plays for the Danish Superliga side Randers FC .
Artur Golański ( born April 25 , 1992 in Łask ) is a Polish footballer who plays for ŁKS Łódź .
Mitchell van Bergen ( born 27 August 1999 ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a forward for Vitesse .
Péter Juhász ( born 3 August 1948 ) was a Hungarian football defender , who played for Újpest FC .
Fernando Llorente Mañas ( born 18 September 1990 in Segovia , Castile and León ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Romanian club ACS Poli Timișoara as a central midfielder .
Lee St Hilaire ( born 15 February 1967 in Huddersfield ) is an English rugby league player of the 1980s , and ' 90s , and coach , who at club level played for Huddersfield Giants , Castleford Tigers , Keighley and Hunslet Hawks , playing at hooker .
Israel Dagg ( born 6 June 1988 ) is a New Zealand Rugby union player who plays for the Crusaders in Super Rugby and New Zealand internationally .
David Ménard ( born May 13 , 1989 in Chicoutimi , Quebec ) is a Canadian football defensive lineman for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League .
Luc Thimmesch ( born 20 September 1980 ) is a Luxembourgian footballer who currently plays as a defender for CS Grevenmacher in Luxembourg 's domestic National Division .
Ivan Kecojević ( Montenegrin Cyrillic : Иван Кецојевић , born 10 April 1988 in Bar ) is a Montenegrin footballer , who plays as a defender for Swiss club FC Zürich .
Paddy Miquel Nelom ( born 22 September 1990 in Rotterdam ) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a defender for Dutch Eredivisie club Feyenoord .
Roman Sabler ( born 4 September 1995 ) is a Slovak football player who plays as a forward for Fortuna Liga club FO ŽP Šport Podbrezová , on loan from FK DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda .
Tibor Baranyai ( born 29 April 1978 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian football defender currently playing for Soproni VSE .
Raúl Cabanas ( born March 31 , 1986 ) is a Spanish - Swiss footballer who currently plays as midfielder for FC Wohlen in the Swiss Challenge League .
Frank van der Geest ( born 30 April 1973 ) is a Dutch former footballer who played as a goalkeeper in the Eredivisie for Sparta Rotterdam , in the Eerste Divisie for AZ Alkmaar , Heracles Almelo and FC Volendam , and in the English Football League for Darlington .
Žarko Šešum ( Serbian : Жарко Шешум ; born 16 June 1986 ) is a Serbian handballer who plays for Frisch Auf Göppingen and the Serbian national team .
Rasmus Sebastian Holmén ( born 29 April 1992 ) is a Swedish professional football defernder , who currently plays for the Swedish side IF Elfsborg .
Stefano Gentile ( born September 20 , 1989 ) is an Italian professional basketball player who plays for Pallacanestro Reggiana of the Italian Serie A as a point guard .
Hans Lindberg became the 2009 - -2010 and 2012 - -2013 season 's Bundesliga Best Goal Scorer He won 2012 - -13 EHF Champions League with HSV Hamburg , becoming top scorer in the tournament .
Linus Malmqvist , ( born September 9 , 1981 ) , is a former Swedish football player , who played ten seasons for Landskrona BoIS and three seasons for Trelleborgs FF between the years 2001 and 2013 .
Carmelo Yuste Yuste ( born 3 February 1984 in Teruel , Aragon ) , known simply as Carmelo , is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Teruel as a midfielder .
Harold Buddery ( 6 October 1889 -- 23 August 1962 ) was an English footballer who played for Portsmouth in the Football League and also had spells with Doncaster Rovers , Southend United and Rotherham Town .
Kenny Dehaes ( born 10 November 1984 in Uccle ) is a Belgian professional road bicycle racer currently with UCI ProTour team Lotto-- Soudal .
Emsad Zahirovic ( born April 9 , 1988 ) is an American soccer player of Bosnian origin who most recently played for Atlanta Silverbacks of the North American Soccer League .
Marco Streller ( born 18 June 1981 ) is a retired Swiss footballer who played as a striker and is best known for his years with FC Basel and the Switzerland national team .
Karol Fryzowicz ( born March 27 , 1991 in Głogów ) is a Polish footballer who plays for KS Polkowice on loan from Zagłębie Lubin .
Fletcher Jenkins ( born November 4 , 1959 in Tacoma , WA ) is a former professional American football defensive lineman for one season with the Baltimore Colts in the National Football League .
Kade Simpson ( born 5 May 1984 ) is an Australian rules footballer , currently playing with the Carlton Football Club in the Australian Football League .
Johannes Jacobus Strydom , better known as Hannes Strydom , born 13 July 1965 in Welkom , Free State ) , is a former South African rugby union player who played for the South Africa national rugby union team between 1993 and 1997 .
Benoît Baby ( born 7 September 1983 in Lavelanet , France ) is a French rugby union footballer , currently playing for Biarritz Olympique in the élite domestic championship , the Top 14 .
Martin John ( born 1 August 1988 ) is a professional footballer who has played for Argentinos Juniors , Cardiff City F.C. , and Ontinyent CF .
Tomáš Micka ( born 7 June 1983 in Jihlava , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for HC Slavia Praha of the Czech Extraliga .
Alexander Romeo Robinson ( born December 5 , 1985 ) is a Liberian football player currently play for Persiba Balikpapan in Indonesia Super League .
Bruno Petrachi ( born 20 January 1997 ) is an Italian football goalkeeper playing at A.C. Monza Brianza 1912 .
Jo Maso ( born 27 December 1944 ) is a former rugby union and rugby league footballer who played centre and fly - half for the France national rugby union team , gaining 25 caps .
Herlyn Ysrael Zúñiga Yáñez ( born August 27 , 1976 ) is a Peruvian footballer who currently plays for FBC Melgar as a striker in the Peruvian First Division .
Vladislav Chernyshov ( born 16 March 1981 ) is a Kazakh - Kyrgyz footballer currently playing for Kazakhstan Premier League club FC Irtysh Pavlodar as a defender .
Petrus Shitembi is an attacking - midfielder who plays for University of Pretoria F.C. in the South African Premier Soccer League .
Greg Kilkenny ( born October 10 , 1983 in Bray ) is an Irish soccer player who currently plays for Western Mass Pioneers in the USL Second Division .
Bright Allotey ( born 14 September 1991 in Accra ) is a Ghanaian international footballer who plays as a defender for Great Olympics .
Jim Dymock ( born 4 April 1972 in Sydney , New South Wales ) is an Australian former professional rugby league international of Tongan heritage who played for the Western Suburbs Magpies , Canterbury Bulldogs , Parramatta Eels and London Broncos .
Britton Colquitt ( born March 20 , 1985 ) is an American football punter for the Denver Broncos of the National Football League ( NFL ) , having been signed by the Broncos as an undrafted free agent in December 2009 .
Martin Oglanby ( born in Cumbria , England ) , is the joint head coach with Gary Charlton of Co - operative Championship 1 side Workington Town .
David Michel Acosta Márquez ( born 14 February 1988 ) is a Uruguayan footballer currently playing as a defensive midfielder for Atenas de San Carlos in the Uruguayan Primera División .
Brent Whitfield ( born January 8 , 1981 in Long Beach , California ) is an American soccer player currently playing for Ventura County Fusion in the USL Premier Development League .
Dražen Anđušić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дражен Анђушић ; born 19 January 1993 ) is a Montenegrin football midfielder who plays for FK Dečić .
Andriy Fartushnyak ( Ukrainian : Андрій Петрович Фартушняк ; born 24 March 1989 , Kiev , in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Tytan Armyansk in the Ukrainian First League .
Nick Daffy is a former Australian rules football player who played in the AFL between 1992 and 2001 for the Richmond Football Club and then played one game in 2002 for the Sydney Swans Football Club .
Jake Bequette ( born February 21 , 1989 ) is an American football Defensive end / Tight end for the New England Patriots .
Terry Campbell ( born July 1 , 1968 ) is a Canadian - born German professional ice hockey player who is currently playing with EC Pfaffenhofen in the Bayernliga .
Tommi Taimi ( born September 21 , 1990 ) is a Finnish ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for Amur Khabarovsk of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Ferenc Fodor ( born 22 March 1991 in Pécs ) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Nyíregyháza Spartacus FC
Jean - Gabriel Pageau ( born November 11 , 1992 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is currently a member of the Ottawa Senators organization of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Tomislav Rukavina ( born 14 October 1974 ) is a former Croatian footballer and former manager of Croatian club NK Osijek .
Bekir Yılmaz ( born 6 March 1988 ) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Turkish club Bursaspor in the Süper Lig .
Morgan Cox ( born April 26 , 1986 ) is an American football long snapper for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League .
Víctor Omar Mañón Barrón , better known as Víctor Mañón ( born 6 February 1992 , in Celaya ) is a Mexican footballer forward , who plays for Celaya F.C. on loan from C.F. Pachuca .
Jarret Lukin ( born January 24 , 1984 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who is currently playing with the Evansville IceMen of the ECHL .
Danny Desriveaux ( born December 20 , 1981 , in Laval , Quebec ) is a former professional Canadian football slotback in the Canadian Football League for the Montreal Alouettes and the Toronto Argonauts .
Gabriel Izquier Artiles ( born 29 April 1993 ) , commonly known as Gabri , is a Spanish footballer who plays for RCD Mallorca B as a defender .
Jean Luc Gbayara Assoubre ( born 8 August 1992 ) , known as Jean Luc , is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Gimnàstic de Tarragona as a winger .
Jacque Vaughn ( born February 11 , 1975 ) is an American former professional basketball player and head coach who most recently coached the Orlando Magic of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .
Andrew McQualter ( born 9 June 1986 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played 89 games for the St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
John Swallen is a retired American soccer player who played professionally with the Minnesota Thunder for twelve seasons .
Martin Rennie is a Scottish football manager who is currently managing Seoul E - Land FC of K League Challenge in Korea .
Anderson full name Anderson da Silva Gibin ( born 21 July 1979 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Clube Náutico Marcílio Dias .
Ozzie Canseco had a brief major league career , playing in 24 career games with the Oakland Athletics and St. Louis Cardinals between 1990 and 1993 .
Joaquín Beltrán Vargas ( born 29 April 1977 in Mexico City ) is a Mexican former professional football defender who last played for Querétaro F.C. Beltran has spent most of his career with Pumas UNAM .
Nereo Champagne ( born 20 January 1985 in Salto ) is an Argentine football goalkeeper currently playing for Club Olimpo in the Argentine Primera División .
Sergiu Matei is a Moldovan footballer who plays for FC Academia Chișinău and the Moldova national under-21 football team .
Jamall Johnson ( born October 12 , 1982 in Norco , Louisiana ) is a gridiron football linebacker for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League .
James Troy Archer ( January 16 , 1955 - -June 22 , 1979 ) was an American football defensive tackle who played three seasons in the National Football League for the New York Giants .
Dejan Godar ( born 19 May 1978 ) is Croatian footballer who plays for Degerfors IF in the Swedish Division 1 .
Han Duan ( simplified Chinese : 韩端 ; traditional Chinese : 韓端 ; pinyin : Hán Duān ; born 15 June 1983 , in Dalian , Liaoning ) is a Chinese football forward who last played for Los Angeles Sol of Women 's Professional Soccer and was a member of the Chinese National Team .
Yevhen Halchuk ( Ukrainian : Євген Володимирович Гальчук , born 5 March 1992 in Kramatorsk , Donetsk Oblast , Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for FC Illichivets Mariupol .
John Teltschik ( born March 8 , 1964 in Floresville , Texas ) is a former punter in the National Football League who spent his entire career playing for the Philadelphia Eagles .
Zachary Slade Heathcott ( born September 28 , 1990 ) is an American professional baseball outfielder for the New York Yankees of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
Dwayne Sandy ( born 19 February 1989 ) is a football player for the Saint Vincent and the Grenadines national football team who plays for Avenues United FC on loan from Caledonia AIA .
Saber Khalifa ( born 14 October 1986 ) is a Tunisian international footballer who plays for Club Africain , on loan from French club Marseille , as a winger and striker .
Antonio Warren ( born November 25 , 1975 in San Francisco , California ) is a former Canadian Football League running back who played with the BC Lions and the Calgary Stampeders and Edmonton Eskimos .
Admir Teli ( born 2 June 1981 ) is an Albanian footballer who most recently played as a defender for FK Qarabağ in the Azerbaijan Premier League and the Albania national football team .
Hwang Mu - kyu ( born August 19 , 1982 ) is a South Korean football player who played for Suwon Samsung Bluewings and Gwangju Sangmu Bulsajo .
Lukáš Hruška ( born 2 March 1992 in Prešov ) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for club 1 . FC Tatran Prešov .
Joris Kayembe - Ditu ( born 8 August 1994 ) , simply known as Joris Kayembe is a Belgian professional footballer playing for Rio Ave F.C. on loan from F.C. Porto as a winger and wingback .
Til Bettenstaedt ( born 20 January 1976 in Marburg ) is a former German footballer and currently the manager of BV Cloppenburg II . From 1999 - -2000 season on he played for 2 .
Godfrey Pereira is a former Indian footballer who was last the head coach for Air India FC in the I - League .
Patrick Bordeleau ( born March 23 , 1986 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger who is currently playing with the San Antonio Rampage of the American Hockey League while under contract to the Colorado Avalanche of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Paulo Roberto Gonzaga ( born January 26 , 1989 in Blumenau , Santa Catarina ) , most commonly known as Paulinho , is a Brazilian football midfielder who currently plays for Shonan Bellmare .
Mönkh - Erdeniin Tögöldör ( Mongolian : Мөнх-Эрдэнийн Төгөлдөр ) is a Mongolian footballer who currently plays for Erchim in Ulanbaatar as a midfielder .
Peter Bucknall ( born 24 August 1982 ) is an English rugby union player who plays at tight - head prop for Leicester Tigers in the Aviva Premiership .
Larisa Savina is a Russian former football who played mainly for CSK VVS Samara and Lada Togliatti in the Russian Championship , also playing the European Cup with Lada .
Bo Spellerberg ( born 24 July 1979 ) is a Danish handball player , currently playing for Danish Handball League side KIF Kolding København .
Browning Nagle ( born April 29 , 1968 ) is a retired American football quarterback for the National Football League 's New York Jets , Indianapolis Colts , and Atlanta Falcons .
Matt Crowther ( born 6 May 1974 ) is a former rugby league player who played for Sheffield Eagles , Huddersfield - Sheffield Giants and Hull .
Jason Glenn ( born August 20 , 1979 ) is a former American football linebacker who played for the New York Jets , the Miami Dolphins , and the Minnesota Vikings between 2001 - -2006 .
Fred Kendall ( born January 31 , 1949 in Torrance , California ) was a catcher for parts of 12 seasons in Major League Baseball for the San Diego Padres , Cleveland Indians , and Boston Red Sox .
Mike Prokopec ( born May 17 , 1974 in Toronto , Ontario ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey forward who played 15 games in the National Hockey League for the Chicago Blackhawks .
Valentyn Poltavets , ( Ukrainian : Валентин Полтавець Миколайович , born 18 April 1975 in Dnipropetrovsk , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union , now Ukraine ) , is a Ukrainian football midfielder currently playing for FC Odesa .
Denis Makarov ( born August 3 , 1983 ) is a Russian ice hockey player who is currently playing for HC Spartak Moscow team in Russia .
David Diosa ( born 4 December 1992 ) is a Colombian footballer who currently plays as a forward for New York Cosmos in the North American Soccer League .
Ricardo Jorge Oliveira Valente ( born 3 April 1991 in Porto ) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Vitória S.C. as a forward .
In January 2011 , Ró - Ró left his country of adoption and signed for Al Ahli SC ( Doha ) in Qatar .
Adilson Dos Santos ( born May 15 , 1974 in Rotterdam ) is a Dutch footballer who played for Eredivisie and Eerste Divisie clubs Sparta Rotterdam , FC Eindhoven , SBV Excelsior , RKC Waalwijk and N.E.C. ( football club ) during the 1992 - 2002 football seasons .
Martin Christensen ( born 23 December 1987 ) is a Danish professional footballer , who curretntly plays for the Allsvenskan team Helsingborgs IF , joining the club from Åtvidabergs FF at the start of the 2016 season .
Szilárd Éles ( born 1 October 1987 in Berettyóújfalu ) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for BFC Siófok on loan from Mezőkövesd - Zsóry SE .
Selorm Kuadey ( 5 May 1987 -- 3 January 2012 ) was a professional rugby union player who played for Sale Sharks as well as the England national under-20 rugby union team .
Jakub Świerczok ( ( ˈjakub ˈɕfjɛrt͡ʂɔk ) ; born 28 December 1992 in Tychy ) is a Polish footballer who plays for Górnik Łęczna .
Joonas Liimatainen ( born July 4 , 1991 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who played with the Cardiff Devils in the EIHL during the 2013 - 14 season .
Raymond Baten ( born 26 January 1989 ) is an Aruban international footballer who plays for Dutch club Voorschoten ' 97 , as a midfielder .
Sid - Ahmed Bouziane ( born 18 July 1983 in Quetigny , Dijon ) is an Algerian - French footballer who is currently playing for FC Thun in the Swiss Challenge League .
Balal Arezou ( also Belal or Bilal ; born 28 December 1988 ) is an Afghan footballer who plays as a forward and is currently playing for Norwegian club Moss FK .
Łukasz Polański ( born January 29 , 1989 ) is a Polish volleyball player , a member of Polish club AZS Częstochowa .
Alexandre Frutos ( born April 23 , 1982 in Vitry - le - François , Marne ) is a French professional football player of Spanish origin , currently playing for K.S.V. Oudenaarde after leaving Brighton and Hove Albion .
Luke Pavlou is an Australian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Brisbane Roar FC .
Thaddaeus Washington ( born November 10 , 1983 in New Orleans , Louisiana ) is an American football linebacker for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League .
Pål Vestly Heigre ( born 15 March 1995 ) is a Norwegian football goalkeeper who currently plays for Viking FK .
Eneko Fernández de Garayalde Jiménez ( born 26 May 1984 in Zaragoza , Aragon ) , known simply as Eneko , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Tudelano as a winger .
Toni Tipurić ( born 10 September 1990 ) is a Bosnia and Herzegovina born Austrian professional footballer who plays for FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce as a defender .
Róbert Polievka ( born 9 June 1996 ) is a Slovak footballer who plays FC DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda as a forward .
Grigol Bediashvili ( born on 7 February 1980 ) is a Georgian footballer ( goalkeeper ) playing currently for FC Metalurgi Rustavi .
Daniel Woger ( born February 25 , 1988 ) is an Austrian professional ice hockey forward currently playing for the Graz 99ers of the Austrian Hockey League ( EBEL ) .
Kevin Ara is an American soccer player , who played defensive midfielder for D.C. United .
Peter McCloy ( born 16 November 1946 in Girvan , Ayrshire ) is a retired football goalkeeper who played for Motherwell and Rangers .
Ali Mtairik ( born 15 January 1978 ) is a Lebanese footballer who played as a defender for Al Ahed and Shabab Al - Sahel , On 24 July 2014 Mtairik died in his house as a result of an Electric Shock .
Magnus Tappert ( born 3 March 1986 ) is a Swedish football player , who currently plays for Vasalunds IF in Division 1 Norra , the third highest league in Sweden .
Björn Werner ( German pronunciation : ( bjœɐ̯n ˈvɛɐ̯nɐ ) ) ( born August 30 , 1990 ) is a German - born American football outside linebacker for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Levi Coleman ( born December 14 , 1986 in Tulsa , Oklahoma ) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Tulsa Athletics in the NPSL and the Tulsa Revolution in the PASL .
Walter Vílchez made his league debut in the Torneo Descentralizado in the 2000 season playing for Deportivo Wanka .
Kenneth Di Vita Jensen ( born 22 July 1990 ) is a Norwegian soccer player of American descent , who is playing as a forward for Fredrikstad FK .
Nikola Matas ( born 22 June 1987 in Sinj ) is a Croatian football defender who currently playing for NK Osijek .
Bernardo Correa ( born 19 June 1995 ) , is a Chilean footballer who plays as Striker for Deportes Valdivia in Chile 's Primera División .
Simoni Lawrence ( born February 1 , 1989 ) is a Canadian football linebacker Hamilton Tiger - Cats of the Canadian Football League .
Sylvester Igbonu , commonly known as Sylvester Igboun ( born 8 September 1990 ) is a Nigerian professional football midfielder , who currently plays for the Russian Premier League club FC Ufa .
Neil Lumsden ( born December 19 , 1952 in London , Ontario ) is a former Canadian Football League player who played mostly as a fullback and also as a running back for the Toronto Argonauts , Hamilton Tiger - Cats and Edmonton Eskimos from 1976 to 1985 .
Leroy Labylle ( born 11 March 1991 in Liège ) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a left back for MVV Maastricht in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Duane Ferrell was never drafted but found his way into the NBA after being signed as a free agent by the Atlanta Hawks in 1988 .
Sergio Pupovac , also known as Serdo or Serdjio Pupovac ( born 5 July 1979 ) is a French - born Luxembourgian footballer , who currently plays in Luxembourg for FC UNA Strassen .
Wesley Fofana ( born 20 January 1988 ) is a French rugby union player , of Malian descent , who plays for ASM Clermont Auvergne and the France national rugby union team .
Ned Catic ( born 2 August 1978 ) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s , playing at club level for Penrith Panthers , Sydney Roosters , Wakefield Trinity Wildcats , Castleford Tigers , and Barrow Raiders .
Keijo Huusko ( born 5 August 1980 in Kemi ) is a Finnish footballer currently playing RoPS .
Mariann Gajhede Knudsen ( born 16 November 1984 ) is a Danish footballer , who plays as a central midfielder for Linköpings FC in Sweden 's Damallsvenskan .
Brett Engelhardt ( born August 12 , 1980 , in Sheboygan , Wisconsin ) is an American ice hockey Forward who currently plays for the Hamburg Freezers of the DEL .
Mark Blicavs ( born 28 March 1991 ) is a professional Australian rules football player at the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Vladimir Markotić ( born June 17 , 1980 ) is a Bosnian Croat goalkeeper who plays for London City of the Canadian Soccer League .
Wiehan Hay ( born 2 February 1992 in Kempton Park , South Africa ) is a South African rugby union player , who most recently playing with the Natal Sharks .
Johan Nås ( born 9 February 1983 ) is a Norwegian football defender and striker who currently plays for Frigg Oslo FK .
Reece Conca ( born 12 August 1992 ) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Livingstone Adjin ( born 12 April 1989 ) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays for Cypriot First Division side Doxa Katokopias F.C ..
Mihăiţă Lazăr ( born 3 November 1986 ) , commonly known as Mihai Lazăr , is a Romanian rugby union player who plays as a prop for Top 14 club Castres Olympique and the Romania national team .
Marc Janko ( born 25 June 1983 ) is an Austrian footballer who plays as a striker for Swiss Super League club FC Basel and the Austrian national team .
Kalle Maalahti ( born April 30 , 1991 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who played with SaiPa in the SM - liiga during the 2010 - 11 season .
Eric Valent ( born April 4 , 1977 ) is a former Major League Baseball player and current Scout in the Philadelphia Phillies organization .
Mads Agesen(born 17 March 1983 ) is a Danish Defender playing for the Danish Superliga club Randers FC .
Sisay Bancha ( Amharic : ሲሳይ ባንጫ ? , 24 August 1989 ) is an Ethiopian professional football player who currently plays for the Ethiopian Premier League team Dedebit and the number one goalkeeper of the current Ethiopian national football team .
Bram van Polen ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈbrɑm vɑm ˈpoːlə(n ) ) ; born 1 October 1985 in Nijkerk , Gelderland ) is a Dutch football defender who currently plays for PEC Zwolle in the Dutch Eredivisie .
Joonas Kemppainen ( born April 7 , 1988 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward who currently plays professionally for the Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Aaron Ollett joined the Cougars in October 2015 following his surprise release from the Hull Kingston Rovers He was developed through Hull KR 's academy , and is currently on loan to Championship side Gateshead Thunder , where he is appearing fairly regularly as a Hooker .
Nebojša Prtenjak ( Serbian Cyrillic : Небојша Пртењак ; born 10 May 1983 ) is a Serbian football midfielder who plays for FK Dečić in Montenegrin Second League .
Malick Mané ( born 14 October 1988 ) is a Senegalese footballer who plays for the Najran SC on loan from the Swedish club IFK Göteborg as a forward .
Ladislav Martan ( born 2 October 1989 ) is a Czech football striker currently playing for 1 . FC Slovácko .
Joe Sheerin ( born 1 February 1979 in Hammersmith , London ) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Premier League for Chelsea and in the Football League for A.F.C. Bournemouth .
Cyril Jeunechamp began his career at hometown club Nîmes Olympique , later playing for AJ Auxerre and Bastia when they made their way to the finals of the French Cup .
Cristian Alberdi López ( born 14 April 1980 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for SD Amorebieta as a central midfielder .
Riza Durmisi ( born 8 January 1994 ) is a Danish professional footballer who plays as a left wing - back for the Danish club Brøndby IF .
Zoltán Bükszegi ( born 16 December 1975 ) is a Hungarian football player who last played for Víkingur Gøta .
Sebastián Taborda Ramos ( born 22 May 1981 ) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays for Club Nacional de Football as a centre forward .
Sergio Busquets Burgos ( Catalan : ( busˈkɛts ) , Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈserxjo βusˈkets ) ; born 16 July 1988 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for FC Barcelona and the Spain national team .
Kingsley Pele van Anholt ( born 23 April 1991 ) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a full back for SC Heerenveen in the Dutch Eredivisie .
Roger Hitoto ( born 24 February 1969 in Mbandara ) is a retired football player from the DR Congo who played in France for FC Rouen , Lille , FC Mantes , CMS Oissel and Arménienne ASOA .
Rhodri Lloyd ( born 22 July 1993 in Penpedairheol , Caerphilly ) is a Welsh professional rugby league player for who at representative level has played for Wales and at club level for Wigan ( his current club ) , and London Broncos in the Super League , as a second - row .
Malcolm Barnwell ( born June 28 , 1958 in Charleston , South Carolina ) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for five seasons for the Washington Redskins , the New Orleans Saints and the Oakland Raiders .
Jakub Rada ( born 5 May 1987 in Prague ) is a Czech football Midfielder who currently plays for Bohemians 1905 .
João Vitor da Silva or simply João Vitor ( born March 15 , 1983 in Jardim Alegre - PR ) , is a Brazilian central defender for Brusque Futebol Clube .
Billy Orchard ( 9 August 1888 -- 22 July 1965 ) was an Australian rules football player for the Geelong Football Club between 1906 and 1915 .
Emmelie Konradsson ( born 9 April 1989 ) is a Swedish former footballer who played in midfield for Damallsvenskan club Umeå IK and the Sweden women 's national football team .
Hussain Al - Romaihi ( Arabic : حسين الرميحي‎ ; born 12 September 1974 ) is a retired Qatari footballer who played for Qatar SC as a goalkeeper .
Fábio Alves Macedo ( born 16 March 1985 in Ariquemes ) known as Fabinho , is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Philadelphia Union in Major League Soccer .
Henri Mata ( born 26 April 1986 in Burrel ) is a professional Albanian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for KS Burreli in the Albanian First Division , where he is also the club captain .
Filip Osman ( Serbian Cyrillic : Филип Осман ; born 21 December 1991 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian football midfielder who plays for Serbian SuperLiga club FK Smederevo .
Hans - Ulrich Grapenthin ( born September 2 , 1943 ) is a German former footballer who played as a goalkeeper for FC Carl Zeiss Jena in 308 Oberliga matches .
In February 2011 , Danijel Subotić signed a contract with the Romanian club FC Universitatea Craiova of Liga 1 .
Dardan Berisha ( born 15 November 1988 ) is a Polish - Kosovan professional basketball player who plays for Sigal Prishtina of the Kosovo Basketball Superleague .
Pape Maguette Kebe ( born December 28 , 1979 in Dakar ) is a Senegalese professional football player who plays for ASC Diaraf .
Stephan Thee ( born July 26 , 1988 ) is a German footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for VfL Osnabrück .
Rudolf Sukhomlynov ( Ukrainian : Рудольф Олегович Сухомлинов ; born 11 March 1993 in Kyiv , Ukraine ) is an Ukrainian football defender who plays for Skonto FC in the Latvian Higher League .
Jung - ho Kang ( Korean : 강정호 ; born April 5 , 1987 ) is a South Korean third baseman and shortstop for the Pittsburgh Pirates of Major League Baseball .
Nemanja Pejčinović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Немања Пејчиновић ; born 4 November 1987 ) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Russian side FC Lokomotiv Moscow .
Gustavo Hebling de Aguiar ( born 5 April 1996 ) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for PEC Zwolle in the Eredivisie .
Marcellus Rivers played on the Houston Texans , New England Patriots , and the New York Giants .
Sebastian Albrecht is a German professional ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for Eisbären Berlin of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( DEL ) .
Craig Moir ( born 25 September 1973 in Aberdeen ) is a retired Scottish rugby footballer who played for Northampton Saints and represented Scotland at rugby union .
Barrie Hansen ( born August 11 , 1941 ) was a Canadian football defensive back and occasional punt returner who played for the Hamilton Tiger - Cats , Montreal Alouettes , Winnipeg Blue Bombers , and BC Lions .
Peter Phyll ( born 4 February 1974 ) is a Montserratian international football player who plays as adefender for Ideal SC in the Montserrat Championship .
Lynn Hopkins is a Welsh professional rugby league footballer of the 1970s and ' 80s playing at representative level for Wales , and Cumbria , and at club level for Workington Town , and Kent Invicta , as a Fullback , i.e. number 1 .
Roland Hooks ( born January 2 , 1953 in Brooklyn , New York ) was an American football running back in the NFL who played for the Buffalo Bills .
Lucian Ilie ( born 14 October 1967 ) is a retired Romanian footballer who played for Rapid Bucharest , in Sweden for Jönköpings Södra , and Belgian side KV Mechelen , in the Netherlands for FC Wageningen , FC Groningen , BV Veendam , and FC Zwolle .
Roger Eli is a former professional footballer who played for Leeds United , Wolverhampton Wanderers , Cambridge United , Crewe Alexandra , York City , Bury F.C. , Burnley F.C. and Scunthorpe United .
Bogi Løkin began his career at NSÍ Runavík and made over 100 appearances for the club before he turned 21 .
Britta Carlson ( born 3 March 1978 ) is a German former football midfielder who played in the Frauen Bundesliga for Hamburger SV , Turbine Potsdam and VfL Wolfsburg .
Kenny Neil was a professional American football player who played defensive lineman for the New York Jets and Houston Oilers .
Daniel Barbosa Alves ( born 14 May 1993 in Paris ) aka Dani , is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.D. Trofense as a forward .
Abelardo Fernández Antuña ( Spanish pronunciation : ( aβeˈlarðo ferˈnandeθ anˈtuɲa ) ; born 19 April 1970 ) , known simply as Abelardo , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender , and the current coach of Sporting de Gijón .
Ryan Donk impressed in the 2005 - -06 season at RKC Waalwijk , and with an expiring contract , he wanted to make a step up to a higher level .
Patrick Erras ( born 21 January 1995 ) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for 1 . FC Nürnberg in the 2 .
In 1989 , aged 33 , Eduardo Luís left Porto and signed for Rio Ave F.C. in the second division .
Matt Bucknor ( born June 30 , 1985 ) is a professional Canadian football cornerback who is currently a member of the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League .
Jeremiah Dennehy ( born 29 March 1950 ) , commonly referred to as Miah Dennehy , is a former Irish footballer who played for , among others , Cork Hibernians , Nottingham Forest , Walsall F.C. , and Bristol Rovers .
Mark Coughlan ( born 20 April 1982 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) from 2001 to 2009 .
Shayron Curiel ( born April 17 , 1991 in Willemstad , Curacao ) is a Dutch footballer who played for Eerste Divisie clubs Sparta Rotterdam and FC Dordrecht during the 2010 - 2012 football seasons .
Joshua Grenier ( born July 16 , 1979 in Manchester , New Hampshire ) is a retired American soccer player who last played for TuS Koblenz in Germany 's second division , the 2 .
Aurélien Rougerie ( born 26 September 1980 ) is a rugby union player who plays on the wing and Centre for France and captains ASM Clermont Auvergne in the French Top 14 .
Andrea Wilkens ( born October 16 , 1984 ) is a German football midfielder currently playing for VfL Wolfsburg in the Bundesliga .
Almedin Hota ( born 22 July 1976 ) is a Bosnian footballer who plays for Iranian team Aluminium Hormozgan F.C ..
Christian Mohr ( born April 5 , 1980 , in Aachen , Germany ) is an American football defensive end who played for the Seattle Seahawks , Philadelphia Eagles and Cleveland Browns of the National Football League .
Carlos Bernier Rodríguez ( January 28 , 1927 -- April 6 , 1989 ) was a Puerto Rican professional baseball player , an outfielder who played one full season of Major League Baseball for the 1953 Pittsburgh Pirates .
Vladan Đogatović Born in Ivanjica , began his career in his native Serbia playing for FK Javor Ivanjica .
Renaud Emond ( born 5 December 1991 ) is a Belgian football player , who currently plays as a striker for Standard Liège in the Belgian Pro League .
Léon Bergsma ( born 25 January 1997 ) is a Dutch professional football player who plays for Jong Ajax as a defender .
Žarko Jeličić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Жарко Јеличић ; born 12 October 1983 ) is a Serbian football player playing for FK Brodarac .
Bruno Verges ( born November 1 , 1975 in France ) is a retired rugby league player who played for Catalans Dragons in the Super League competition .
Jarno Tenkula ( born 16 June 1982 ) is a Finnish football player currently playing for RoPS ; he formerly played for OLS , TP-47 , VPS and AC Oulu .
Asier Illarramendi `` Illarra '' Andonegi ( Spanish pronunciation : ( a'sjer iʎara'mendi ) ; born 8 March 1990 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Sociedad as a defensive midfielder .
Anatoliy Vlasichev ( Russian Анатолий Власичев ) born 14 June 1988 , is a Kyrgyzstani footballer who plays as a midfielder , most recently for FC Alay Osh in Kyrgyzstan .
In June 1994 , Preki signed with the San Jose Grizzlies of the Continental Indoor Soccer League where he rejoined Bob McNab from his Tacoma days .
Herbert Lock ( 21 January 1887 -- 16 March 1957 ) was an English professional goalkeeper who played for Southampton and Rangers in the early part of the twentieth century .
Rodrigo Fabiano Mendes or simply Rodrigo Mendes ( born August 9 , 1975 in Uberaba , is a Brazilian attacking midfielder , he currently plays for Esporte Clube Novo Hamburgo , formerly played for Fortaleza who was released on June 5 , 2009 due to successive muscular problems on both tights ) .
Filip Kinček ( born 24 August 1991 ) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for ŠKF Sereď , on loan from FC Nitra .
Asadollah Mikaeili , better known as Dariush Mikaeili is an Iranian footballer who plays for Naft Tehran F.C. in the Iranian Premier League .
On 20 September 2012 , CFR 1907 Cluj enjoyed a dream start to UEFA Champions League group stage campaign against S.C. Braga , with Rafael Bastos scoring twice against his former club .
Stanislav Klobása ( born 7 March 1994 ) is a professional Czech football forward who plays for FK Mladá Boleslav .
Eric Walsky ( born September 30 , 1984 ) is an American professional ice hockey right winger who plays for the Lausanne HC of the National League A ( Switzerland ) .
Tom Cassidy ( born March 15 , 1952 in Blind River , Ontario ) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey centre who briefly played in the National Hockey League for the Pittsburgh Penguins .
Mathias Jensen ( born 1 January 1996 ) is a Danish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Danish Superliga - side FC Nordsjælland .
Willie Drewrey ( born April 28 , 1963 in Columbus section of Mansfield Township , Burlington County , New Jersey ) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for nine seasons for the Houston Oilers and Tampa Bay Buccaneers .
Alexandr Bolsacov ( born 19 November 1994 ) is a Moldovan footballer who plays for Moldovan National Division club FC Dinamo - Auto Tiraspol as a defender .
Wayne Rasmussen was an American football player who played defensive back for the Detroit Lions .
Stijn Houben ( born 5 April 1995 ) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as for Delhi Dynamos FC in India , as a central defender .
Liam Williams ( born 9 April 1991 ) is a Welsh international union player currently playing for the Scarlets having previously played for Llanelli .
Amit Shumovich is an Israeli footballer currently playing for Columbia Lions , he previously played for Maccabi Netanya .
Andrew Raines ( born 8 March 1986 ) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Richmond Football Club , Brisbane Lions and Gold Coast Suns in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Rick Sowieta ( born March 10 , 1954 in Heusden , Belgium ) is a former CFL linebacker who played ten seasons in the Canadian Football League , mainly for the Ottawa Rough Riders , for whom he played eight years .
Troy Hernandez ( born May 22 , 1987 ) is a Canadian - Trinidadian soccer player who currently plays for Baltimore Blast .
Barnes Osei ( born 8 January 1995 ) , simply known as Barnes , is a Ghanaian footballer who plays for C.F. União , on loan from F.C. Paços de Ferreira , as a forward .
Christos Efthymiou ( Greek : Χρίστος Ευθυμίου ) born 6 March 1988 in Nicosia ) is a Cypriot football midfielder who currently plays for MEAP Nisou .
Kim Jiwan ( born June 2 , 1990 ) is a South Korean professional basketball player currently playing for the Incheon ET - Land Elephants of the Korean Basketball League ( KBL ) .
Abdulkareem Elemosho ( born August 10 , 1977 in Ilorin ) is a Nigerian football ( soccer ) player currently with Kwara United F.C. of Nigeria .
Søren Colding ( born 2 September 1972 ) is a Danish former professional football player , who most prominently captained Danish club Brøndby IF and VfL Bochum in Germany from his position of right back .
Loïc Chatton ( born 26 February 1991 Switzerland ) is a Swiss professional footballer who currently plays as a forward or offensiv middfielder for Neuchâtel Xamax FCS in the Swiss Challenge League .
Gabriel Spilar , formerly Gabriel Špilár ( Košice , 15 December 1980 ) is a Slovak ice hockey player who is currently playing for the HC Košice in the Slovak Extraliga .
In the 2006 - -2007 season Sorin Iodi promoted with his team in Liga I. Since then he played for CS Otopeni but became free agent in the summer of 2008 .
Lamine Fall ( born 10 July 1992 in Dakar ) is a Senegalese footballer player who currently plays for FC Zbrojovka Brno .
Howard Fondyke ( born 5 January 1990 ) is an Australian footballer who plays for Sydney Olympic FC .
Eric Upton ( born April 29 , 1953 in Ottawa , Ontario ) is a former professional Canadian football offensive lineman with the Canadian Football League 's Edmonton Eskimos .
On February 16 , 2011 Avon Cobourne signed as a free agent with the Hamilton Tiger - Cats .
Milovan Minja Prelević ( born 28 February 1970 ) is Montenegrin football coach and a former football player who is currently the head coach of Al - Oruba SC from Oman .
Božidar Jelovac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Божидар Јеловац ; born 3 October 1987 in Karlovac ) is a Serbian football forward who currently plays for GBFC Thunder and during the winterbreak with Syracuse Silver Knights .
Saleh Abdulhameed ( born August 4 , 1982 ) is a Bahraini footballer who plays as a defender for Al - Najma .
Dave Fennell ( born February 4 , 1952 ) is a former defensive lineman for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League .
Chiara Marchitelli is an Italian football goalkeeper , currently playing for ACF Brescia Femminile in Serie A. She has won two leagues with SS Lazio and ASD Fiammamonza .
Guy Morton , Sr . ( June 1 , 1893 -- October 18 , 1934 ) , nicknamed `` Moose '' , was a Major League baseball pitcher for the Cleveland Indians .
Karol Linetty ( born 2 February 1995 ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Ekstraklasa club Lech Poznań .
Cho Yong - tae ( Korean : 조용태 ; born 31 March 1986 ) is a South Korean football player who played as a forward for Gwangju FC in the K League Challenge .
Dieudonné Kalulika ( born October 1 , 1981 ) is a Congolese football player who , last plays for C.S. Visé .
Simão Mate Junior ( born 23 July 1988 ) is a Mozambican football player who plays for Spanish club Levante UD as a defensive midfielder .
Sergio Juste Marín ( born 12 January 1992 ) , also known as Chechi , is a Spanish footballer who plays for FC Barcelona B. Mainly a central defender , he can also play as a right back .
Lamine Diarra ( born 20 December 1983 ) is a Senegalese professional footballer who plays as a striker for Turkish club Göztepe , on loan from Antalyaspor .
Jacques Plein ( born 17 February 1987 ) is a Luxembourgian footballer , who currently plays for FC Etzella Ettelbruck in Luxembourg 's domestic National Division .
Roger de Oliveira Bernardo ( born 10 August 1985 ) , commonly known as Roger , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for German club FC Ingolstadt 04 , as a midfielder .
Dedé Anderson de Oliveira Gomes is a Brazilian former professional footballer who played as a forward for Bulgarian club Litex , Swedish clubs Hammarby IF and Kalmar FF , and Norwegian club Aalesund .
Ingeborg Hovland ( born October 3 , 1969 ) is a former Norwegian footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Klepp IL of the Toppserien .
Juan Carlos Carcedo Mardones ( born 19 August 1973 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder , and the current assistant manager of Sevilla FC .
Sam Bavin ( born 31 July 1980 ) is a former Australian ice hockey who played for the Perth Thunder in the Australian Ice Hockey League during the 2012 season and represented Australia at the 2003 Men 's World Ice Hockey Championships .
Jürgen Roelandts ( born 2 July 1985 ) is a Belgian road bicycle racer for UCI ProTeam team Lotto - Soudal .
Major Wright ( born July 1 , 1988 ) is an American football safety who currently plays for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers .
In 2013 , Lianne Sanderson signed with Boston Breakers to play in the new National Women 's Soccer League .
Harry Schellekens ( born 5 November 1952 in Boxtel , North Brabant ) is a former association football goalkeeper , who played for NEC Nijmegen , FC Groningen and Vitesse Arnhem .
Kim Sin - cheol ( Hangul : 김신철 ; born 29 November 1990 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as midfielder for Bucheon FC 1995 in K League Challenge .
Harry Boyles ( November 29 , 1911 -- January 7 , 2005 ) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball who appeared in eleven games for the Chicago White Sox over parts of the 1938 - 39 seasons .
Admiral of the Fleet Thomas Maitland , 11th Earl of Lauderdale , GCB ( 3 February 1803 -- 1 September 1878 ) was a Royal Navy officer and peer .
Samuel McAllister ( January 23 , 1869 -- December 13 , 1903 ) was an American sailor serving in the United States Navy who received the Medal of Honor for his actions during the Boxer Rebellion .
George Charrette ( June 6 , 1867 -- February 7 , 1938 ) was an enlisted man and later officer in the United States Navy who received the Medal of Honor for his heroism during the Spanish--
Lieutenant - Colonel Latham Valentine Stewart Blacker OBE ( 1887 - -1964 ) was a British Army officer and inventor of weapons .
Air Force Global Strike Command ( AFGSC ) is a Major Command ( MAJCOM ) of the United States Air Force , headquartered at Barksdale Air Force Base , Louisiana .
Vice - Admiral Sir John Tremayne Rodd , KCB ( c. 1769 -- 4 October 1838 ) was an officer of the Royal Navy noted for his services during the Napoleonic Wars .
The 12th ( Eastern ) Division was an infantry division raised by the British Army during the Great War from men volunteering for Kitchener 's New Armies .
Major General Sir Reginald Laurence Scoones KBE , CB , DSO ( 18 December 1900 -- October 1991 ) was a British Army officer who served during the Second World War and its aftermath .
Captain Simmon Latutin GC ( 25 July 1916 -- 30 December 1944 ) was a British Army officer who was posthumously awarded the George Cross , the highest British ( and Commonwealth ) award for bravery out of combat .
Vice Admiral Tahseen Ullah Khan is a Pakistan Navy 's naval officer and the current director - general of Maritime Security Agencys .
Captain Sir James Brisbane , CB ( 1774 -- 19 December 1826 ) was a British Royal Navy officer of the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars .
Major - General George Erroll Prior - Palmer , CB , DSO ( 20 February 1903 - -18 August 1977 ) was a senior British Army officer and business man of Anglo - Irish origins .
Ronald Cartland achieved the rank of Major in the British Army .
The Guards Armoured Division was an armoured division of the British Army during the Second World War .
Lieutenant General Benjamin Bloomfield , 1st Baron Bloomfield GCB GCH ( 13 April 1768 -- 15 August 1846 ) a British Army officer who saw action at the Battle of Vinegar Hill in June 1798 during the Irish Rebellion .
San Dewayne Francisco , Major , USAF ( born 1944 ) is an officer in the United States Air Force who is missing in action ( MIA ) from the Vietnam War .
The Royal Naval Reserve ( RNR ) is the volunteer reserve force of the Royal Navy in the United Kingdom .
Richard Delafield ( September 1 , 1798 -- November 5 , 1873 ) served as superintendent of the United States Military Academy , was Chief of Engineers , and was a major general in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
The Denbighshire Hussars was a unit of the British Army from 1794 to 1921 .
The Northamptonshire Regiment was a line infantry regiment of the British Army in existence from 1881 until 1960 .
Philip Beaver ( 28 February 1766 -- 5 April 1813 ) was an officer of the Royal Navy , serving during the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries .
Air Vice - Marshal Roy Scoggins CB CBE , QHDS , LDSRCS , ( 13 March 1908 -- 19 January 1970 ) was a Royal Air Force officer and English cricketer .
General Sir Samuel Burdon Ellis ( 1787 -- 10 March 1865 ) was a British Royal Marines officer .
Trevor Foster was a Sergeant Physical Training Instructor in the British Army during World War II .
General George Warde ( 24 November 1725 -- 11 March 1803 ) was a British Army officer .
Winnie Gibson was the second director of the United States Navy Nurse Corps , serving in that position from 1950 to 1954 .
Rear Admiral Presley Marion Rixey ( 14 July 1852 , Culpeper , Virginia -- 17 June 1928 ) was a Surgeon General of the United States Navy ( 1902 - -10 ) and personal physician to Presidents William McKinley and Theodore Roosevelt .
The Royal Dublin Fusiliers was an Irish infantry Regiment of the British Army created in 1881 , one of eight Irish regiments raised and garrisoned in Ireland , with its home depot in Naas .
Major General Charles Trelawny ( 1653 -- 24 September 1731 ) was a British Army officer of Cornish descent , the fourth son of Sir Jonathan Trelawny , 2nd Baronet .
Gilbert T. Rude ( 1881 - -1962 ) was an officer in the United States Coast and Geodetic Survey -- one of the ancestor organizations of the United States National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) -- and the United States Navy .
Gillis Pieter de Neve ( Bergen - op - Zoom , 30 December 1823 - Leiden , 19 September 1883 ) was a Dutch Lieutenant General , commander of the Royal Netherlands East Indies Army and knight and officer in the Military William Order .
The 21st Army Tank Brigade was an armoured brigade formation of the British Army active during World War II . The brigade served with the British First Army and the British Eighth Army during the fighting in Tunisia and Italy .
Rear - Admiral John Talbot Savignac Hall , CIE ( 30 November 1896 -- 21 January 1964 ) was a Royal Navy officer who became the first post - Independence Commander - in - Chief and Chief of Naval Staff of the Royal Indian Navy .
Group Captain Alan John Lance Scott CB MC AFC ( 29 June 1883 -- 16 January 1922 ) was an officer in the Royal Flying Corps and Royal Air Force during World War I and the following years .
Henry C. Nields ( 18 March 1838 -- 13 December 1880 ) Was born in West Chester , Pennsylvania ( E. Bradford ) and was an officer in the United States Navy during the American Civil War .
Sir Maurice Swynfen Fitzmaurice CB , KCVO , CMG , ( 12 August 1870 -- 23 January 1927 ) was an officer of the Royal Navy , who rose to the rank of vice - admiral .
Air - Commodore Edye Rolleston Manning CBE DSO MC ( 14 February 1889 -- 26 April 1957 ) was an Australian born senior officer in the Royal Air Force .
Walter Edward Whitehead , CBE ( 20 May 1908 -- 16 April 1978 ) was a British Royal Navy officer , a veteran of the South Pacific campaign , better known as the advertising representative of Schweppes Tonic Water .
Norton C. Joerg is a lawyer and retired Rear Admiral in the United States Navy .
Rear Admiral Sir Francis Augustus Collier , CB , KCH ( c. 1783 -- 28 October 1849 ) was a senior officer of the British Royal Navy during the early nineteenth century .
Clarence Crase Thomas ( December 26 , 1886 -- January 28 , 1917 ) was an officer in the United States Navy during World War I. Thomas became the first U.S. naval officer to die in the war , after his ship was torpedoed by a German submarine .
The 51st ( Highland ) Division was an infantry division of the British Army that fought on the Western Front in France during the Great War from 1915 to 1918 .
Admiral Sir George Hamilton D'Oyly Lyon , KCB ( 3 October 1883 -- 19 August 1947 ) was a distinguished Royal Navy officer as well as an English sportsman who played first - class cricket and represented the England national rugby union team .
Lieutenant Commander Anthony A. Mitchell ( August 26 , 1918 -- January 20 , 2009 ) , born Antonio Alberto Miceli , was an American clarinetist , composer and conductor who led the United States Navy Band from 1962 until his retirement from the Navy in 1968 .
George Fleming Davis ( March 23 , 1911 -- January 6 , 1945 ) was a United States Navy officer and a recipient of America 's highest military decoration , the Medal of Honor , for actions during World War II .
Admiral Sir Richard Vesey Hamilton , GCB ( 28 May 1829 -- 17 September 1912 ) was a Royal Navy officer .
Lieutenant Colonel Olga E. Custodio ( born 1954 ) is a former United States Air Force officer who made history when she became the first female Hispanic U.S. military pilot .
The 3rd Battalion , 9th Marines ( 3/9 ) is an infantry battalion of the United States Marine Corps .
Admiral Alexander Wilmot Schomberg ( 24 February 1774 -- 13 January 1850 ) was an officer of the British Royal Navy who served during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars .
Major General John Harvey Stevens was a career officer in the Royal Marines .
Vernon A. Walters ( January 3 , 1917 -- February 10 , 2002 ) was a United States Army officer and a diplomat .
General Thomas R. Morgan ( born January 6 , 1930 ) served as the Assistant Commandant of the United States Marine Corps from June , 1986 until he retired on July 1 , 1988 after completion of more than 36 years of active service .
The West Yorkshire Regiment ( Prince of Wales 's Own ) ( 14th Foot ) was an infantry regiment of the British Army .
Aaron Anderson or Sanderson ( 1811 -- January 9 , 1886 ) a Union Navy sailor during the American Civil War and a recipient of America 's highest military decoration , the Medal of Honor .
Major General Spencer Edmund Hollond CB , CMG , DSO ( 19 March 1874 -- 5 February 1950 ) was a British Army staff officer during the First World War .
Sergeant Lee Clegg is a British Army soldier who was convicted of murder for his involvement in the shooting dead of two teenage joyriders in West Belfast , Northern Ireland .
General Raheel Sharif ( Urdu : راحیل شریف ; born 16 June 1956 ) , NI(M ) , HI(M ) , is a four - star rank army general , currently serving as 15th Chief of Army Staff of the Pakistan Army , since 2013 .
George Stephen Morrison ( January 7 , 1919 -- November 17 , 2008 ) was a United States Navy rear admiral ( upper half ) and naval aviator .
Major - General Walter Tuckfield Goldsworthy ( 8 May 1837 -- 13 October 1911 ) was a British Army officer and a Conservative Party politician .
William C. Arthur ( 4 July 1830 -- 15 November 1886 ) was a Royal Navy officer who was the namesake of the English name for Lüshunkou , Port Arthur , which changed hands between China , Imperial Russia , Japan , and the Soviet Union between 1894 and 1945 .
The 31st ( Huntingdonshire ) Regiment of Foot was an infantry regiment of the British Army formed in 1702 and amalgamated into The East Surrey Regiment in 1881 .
Johannes Rouning ( or Ronning ) was a United States Navy sailor and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration , the Medal of Honor .
General Sir Frederick Alfred Pile , 2nd Baronet GCB DSO MC ( 14 September 1884 -- 14 November 1976 ) was a British Army officer who served in both World Wars .
Brigadier General Thomas V. Draude ( born April 25 , 1940 ) is a retired officer of the United States Marine Corps .
Admiral Sir John Louis , 2nd Baronet ( 1785 -- 31 March 1863 ) was an officer in the Royal Navy .
The 3rd Mounted Division was a Yeomanry Division of the British Army active during World War I. It was formed on 6 March 1915 as the 2/2nd Mounted Division , a replacement / depot formation for the 2nd Mounted Division which was being sent abroad on active service .
Commander Frank Noel Stagg , RN , ( 25 December 1884 in Tonbridge , Kent--25 October 1956 in London ) was a Royal Navy officer known for his role in Danish and Norwegian resistance movements during the Second World War .
William Carleton Watts ( February 18 , 1880 - -January 5 , 1956 ) was a rear admiral in the United States Navy , who served in the Spanish--
Stephen Champlin ( 17 November 1789 -- 20 February 1870 ) was an officer in the United States Navy during the War of 1812 .
The Royal Highland Fusiliers , 2nd Battalion , The Royal Regiment of Scotland ( 2 SCOTS ) was an infantry regiment of the British Army .
Captain Henry Parkyns Hoppner ( 1795 , in London -- 22 December 1833 , in Lisbon ) was an officer of the Royal Navy , Arctic explorer , and draughtsman / artist .
Ensign Worth Bagley ( April 6 , 1874 -- May 11 , 1898 ) was a United States Navy officer during the Spanish--
Rear - Admiral Edward O'Bryen ( sometimes O'Brien ) ( c. 1753 -- 18 December 1808 ) was a British Royal Navy officer prominent in the late eighteenth century , who is best known for his participation at the Nore Mutiny and the Battle of Camperdown , both in 1797 during the French Revolutionary Wars .
James Luttrell ( c. 1751 -- 23 December 1788 ) was an officer in the Royal Navy who served during the American War of Independence .
Isaac Townsend ( c.1685 -- 21 November 1765 ) was an admiral in the British Royal Navy and a Member of Parliament .
Colonel John Tree is an American CEO in the logistics industry and a Colonel in the United States Air Force Reserve , currently assigned as the Mobilization Augmentee to the Commander of the Oklahoma City Air Logistics Complex , at Tinker AFB , Oklahoma .
Lieutenant - General Herbert Lumsden , CB , DSO * , MC ( 8 April 1897 - -6 January 1945 ) was a senior British Army officer and the most senior British Army combat casualty of World War II .
F 21 Luleå , Norrbottens flygflottilj , Norrbotten Air Force Wing , or simply `` F 21 '' , is a Swedish Air Force wing with the main base located in Luleå in northern Sweden .
General Sir Collingwood Dickson VC GCB ( 20 November 1817 -- 28 November 1904 ) was a British Army officer who was awarded the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Denis Gage Deane - Tanner was the fourth of five children born to Jane O'Brien and British Army Major Kearns Deane - Tanner in what is now Carlow , Ireland .
Vice - Admiral William Lukin , later William Lukin Windham ( 20 September 1768 -- 12 January 1833 ) was a Royal Navy officer who rose to the rank of Vice Admiral and served with great distinction through the Napoleonic Wars .
General Sir Geoffrey Richard Desmond Fitzpatrick GCB GCVO DSO MBE MC ( 14 December 1912 -- 12 October 2002 ) was a senior British Army officer who served as commander of the British Army of the Rhine and Deputy Supreme Allied Commander Europe .
Steven M. Rainey is Lockheed Martin 's chief F-22 test pilot and a former United States Air Force officer .
Major General Ronald G. Richard is a retired United States Marine Corps officer who last served as the Commanding General of Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune .
Flying Officer Raimund Sanders Draper , known as `` Smudge '' , was an American volunteer World War II Royal Air Force ( RAF ) pilot of No . 64 Squadron .
Group Captain Geoffrey Leonard Cheshire , Baron Cheshire VC , OM , DSO & Two Bars , DFC ( 7 September 1917 -- 31 July 1992 ) was a highly decorated Royal Air Force ( RAF ) pilot during the Second World War and later philanthropist .
The 108th Regiment Royal Armoured Corps ( The Lancashire Fusiliers ) ( 108 RAC ) was an armoured regiment of the British Army 's Royal Armoured Corps during World War II .
Henry Clay Drexler ( August 7 , 1901 -- October 20 , 1924 ) was an Ensign in the United States Navy and a recipient of both the Navy Cross and the Medal of Honor .
General Sir Henry Macleod Leslie Rundle GCB GCMG GCVO DSO ( 6 January 1856 -- 19 November 1934 ) was a British Army General during World War I.
Sir Robert Laurie , 6th Baronet KCB ( 25 May 1764 -- 7 January 1848 ) was an officer of the Royal Navy who served during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars .
Frances C. Wilson is a retired United States Marine Corps lieutenant general , who served as the 12th President of the National Defense University .
The Norrbotten Regiment ( Swedish : Norrbottens regemente ) , designation I 19 , is a Swedish Army arctic armoured , light infantry and ranger regiment that traces its origins back to the 19th century .
John Groff ( February 14 , 1890 -- October 2 , 1990 ) was a Brigadier General in the United States Marine Corps whose military career spanned from 1912 to 1946 .
Bernard Alane ( born Bernard Noël Vetel December 25 1948 in Paris ) is a French actor and singer , he is the son of actress Annick Alane .
Princess Irmingard of Bavaria ( May 29 , 1923 -- October 23 , 2010 ) was the daughter of Rupprecht , Crown Prince of Bavaria and his second wife , Princess Antonia of Luxembourg .
Princess Elisabeth of Denmark , RE ( Elisabeth Caroline - Mathilde Alexandrine Helena Olga Thyra Feodora Estrid Margrethe Désirée ; born 8 May 1935 in Copenhagen ) is the daughter of Hereditary Prince Knud and Hereditary Princess Caroline - Mathilde of Denmark , and is a first cousin of the present Danish monarch , Queen Margrethe II .
Katherine of England ( Old English : Katerine ; 25 November 1253 -- 3 May 1257 ) was the fifth child of Henry III and his wife , Eleanor of Provence .
Gaston , Prince of Viana , also called Gaston de Foix ( 1444 -- 23 November 1470 ) , was the son of Gaston IV of Foix and Eleanor of Navarre , and was the heir of both .
Kidada Jones was born in Los Angeles , California , and is the elder daughter of composer / arranger Quincy Jones and actress Peggy Lipton .
Catherine of Bohemia ( Czech : Kateřina Lucemburská , German : Katharina von Böhmen ; 19 August 1342 -- 26 April 1395 ) was Electress of Brandenburg , the second daughter of Holy Roman Emperor Charles IV and Blanche of Valois .
A former teacher and English translator , Dalia Inés is the eldest of the five children of singer and actress Flor Silvestre .
Arthur Stewart , Duke of Rothesay ( 20 October 1509 , Holyrood Palace -- 14 July 1510 , Edinburgh Castle ) was the second son of James IV of Scotland and Margaret Tudor , and had he outlived his father , he would have been King of Scotland .
Because Queen Nimaethap , the wife of Khasekhemwy , the last king of the Second dynasty of Egypt , is mentioned on a jar sealing of Khasekhemwy with the title `` Mother of the King 's children '' , some writers argue she was Djoser 's mother and Khasekhemwy was his father .
The Buddhist statues in the Main Wall of Bingyang South Cave of the Longmen Caves was dedicated by Li Tai to his deceased mother Empress Zhangsun .
Disney was born at 41338A Jamestown Road close to the rural village of Bluevale , Ontario , Canada , to Irish immigrants Kepple Elias Disney ( 1832 - -1891 ) and Mary Richardson ( 1838 - -1909 ) .
Learchus ( Greek : Λέαρχος ) or Learches is a figure in Greek mythology and was the son of Athamas and Ino as well as the brother of Melicertes .
Andregoto Galíndez ( literally Lady Goth , daughter of Galindo , from Basque title andre ) was daughter of Count Galindo II Aznárez Count of Aragon from 922 , being by his second wife , Sancha Garcés of Pamplona .
Magdalene of Brandenburg , also Magdalene and Magdalen , ( 7 January 1582 -- 4 May 1616 ) was the daughter of John George , Elector of Brandenburg and his third wife Elisabeth of Anhalt - Zerbst .
Archduchess Elisabeth Amalie of Austria ( 7 July 1878 -- 13 March 1960 ) was a daughter of Archduke Karl Ludwig of Austria and his third wife Infanta Maria Theresa of Portugal .
Isabel Stuart ( 28 August 1676 -- 2 March 1681 ) was a daughter of the future King James II of England and his second wife Mary of Modena .
Johann Gottfried Bernhard Bach ( May 11 , 1715 -- May 27 , 1739 ) was the fourth child of Johann Sebastian Bach and Maria Barbara Bach to reach adulthood .
Salonia Matidia ( 4 July 68 CE -- 23 December 119 CE ) was the daughter and only child of Ulpia Marciana and wealthy praetor Gaius Salonius Matidius Patruinus .
Isabella of France ( 1295 -- 22 August 1358 ) , sometimes described as the She - Wolf of France , was Queen of England as the wife of Edward II . She was the youngest surviving child and only surviving daughter of Philip IV of France and Joan I of Navarre .
Gaius Julius Caesar ( 20 BC -- 21 February AD 4 ) , most commonly known as Gaius Caesar or Caius Caesar , was the oldest son of Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa and Julia the Elder .
John VIII Palaiologos was the eldest son of Manuel II Palaiologos and Helena Dragaš , the daughter of the Serbian prince Constantine Dragaš .
Maximilian , Margrave of Baden ( Maximilian Andreas Friedrich Gustav Ernst August Bernhard , born 3 July 1933 at Schloss Salem , Salem , Baden - Württemberg , Germany ) , is the son of Berthold , Margrave of Baden and Princess Theodora of Greece and Denmark .
Dorothea Elizabeth Irving , Lady Brunner , OBE , JP ( 14 April 1904 -- 9 January 2003 ) was a British actress , the daughter of actors H. B. Irving and Dorothea Baird , and the granddaughter of Victorian era stage star Henry Irving .
Paulus Manutius ( Italian : Paolo Manuzio ; 1512 - -1574 ) was a Venetian printer with a humanist education , the third son of the famous printer Aldus Manutius and his wife Maria Torresano .
Randolph Apperson Hearst ( December 2 , 1915 -- December 18 , 2000 ) was the fourth and last surviving son of William Randolph Hearst and Millicent Hearst .
James Louis Sobieski ( full name in Polish : Jakub Ludwik Henryk Sobieski ; 2 November 1667 -- 19 December 1737 ) was a Polish prince , nobleman , politician , diplomat , scholar , traveller and the son of King John III of Poland and Marie Casimire Louise de La Grange d'Arquien .
Princess Eudoxia of Bulgaria ( Eudoxia Augusta Philippine Clementine Maria ; 5 January 1898 -- 4 October 1985 ) was the eldest daughter and third child of King Ferdinand of Bulgaria and his first wife Princess Marie Louise of Bourbon - Parma .
Sergei Georgievich , 8th Duke of Leuchtenberg ( 4 July 1890 -- 7 January 1974 ) was the son of George Maximilianovich , 6th Duke of Leuchtenberg and his second wife Princess Anastasia of Montenegro .
George Maximilianovich , 6th Duke of Leuchtenberg , also known as Prince Georgii Romanovsky or Georges de Beauharnais ( 29 February 1852 -- 16 May 1912 ) was the youngest son of Maximilian de Beauharnais , 3rd Duke of Leuchtenberg and his wife , Grand Duchess Maria Nikolaevna of Russia .
Lucrezia Borgia ( Italian pronunciation : ( luˈkrɛttsja ˈbɔrdʒa ) ; Valencian : Lucrècia ( luˈkrɛsiə ) ; 18 April 1480 -- 24 June 1519 ) was the daughter of Pope Alexander VI and Vannozza dei Cattanei .
Sean Lien is the eldest son of Lien Fang Yu and Lien Chan , who served as the Chairman of the Kuomintang party and was the Vice President of Taiwan .
Bernard Plantapilosa ( 22 March 841 -- 886 ) , or Plantevelue , son of Bernard of Septimania and Dhuoda , was the Count of Auvergne ( as Bernard II ) from 872 to his death .
Maathorneferure was a daughter of the Hittite king Hattusili III and his wife , Queen Puduhepa .
He was the son of Duke Alexander of Württemberg and Princess Antoinette of Saxe - Coburg - Saalfeld .
Infanta Beatriz of Spain , Princess di Civitella - Cesi ( Doña Beatriz de Borbón y Battenberg ; 22 June 1909 -- 22 November 2002 ) was a daughter of King Alfonso XIII of Spain and Victoria Eugenie of Battenberg , wife of Alessandro Torlonia , 5th Prince di Civitella - Cesi .
Conotton Creek ( pronounced kah - NOT - en ) is a tributary of the Tuscarawas River , 38.7 miles ( 62.3 km ) long , in eastern Ohio in the United States .
Accokeek Creek is a tidal tributary of Potomac Creek , itself a tributary of the Potomac River , in Stafford County , Virginia , United States .
The Yalgar River is a 185-kilometre - long tributary of the Murchison River , located in the Shire of Meekatharra in central Western Australia .
After the Wormsgraben is crossed by the Glashütten Way ( Glashüttenweg i.e. Glassworks Way ) at the Sandgrube , it discharges into the Zillierbach near the forest lodge of Hohne .
The Wölpe is a left tributary of the river Aller in the German state of Lower Saxony and is about 22 km long .
Cabriel ( Spanish : ( kaˈβɾjel ) ) or Cabriol ( Valencian : ( kaβɾiˈɔɫ ) ) is a tributary of Júcar River .
The river Brend is a right - bank tributary of the Fränkische Saale ( Franconian Saale ) , in Lower Franconia , Bavaria , Germany .
The Cenepa River currently rises in the Cordillera del Cóndor mountain range in Peru , South America and has a length of 185 km . The Cenepa flows into the Marañón River at Orellana .
Salzersgraben is a tributary of the Erlenbach river in Bavaria , Germany .
The Dease River flows through northwestern British Columbia , Canada and is a tributary of the Liard River .
Fojnička rijeka is a left tributary of the Bosna in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Boyer River is a tributary of the Missouri River , 118 miles ( 190 km ) long , in western Iowa in the United States .
The Kuolajoki River originates in the Lake Kuolajarvi in Russia and flows into the Tenniöjoki River in Finland .
Then the Dischmabach flows in a northwesterly direction through the elongated and gently sloping Dischma valley and flows into the Landwasser between Davos Dorf and Davos Platz .
The Firehole River is located in northwestern Wyoming , and is one of the two major tributaries of the Madison River .
The Hoback River , also called the Fall River , is an approximately 55-mile ( 89 km)-long tributary of the Snake River in the U.S. state of Wyoming .
The Purnach River is a tributary to the Ponoy River on the Kola Peninsula , Russia .
Oslava is a river in the Czech Republic , the left tributary of the Jihlava River .
The McArthur River is a river in the Northern Territory of Australia which flows into the Gulf of Carpentaria at Port McArthur , opposite the Sir Edward Pellew Group of Islands .
Weeks Creek is a small creek tributary to La Honda Creek , which in turn is tributary to San Gregorio Creek in western San Mateo County , California .
Aubette de Meulan is a French river that begins at Avernes in Val - d'Oise , flows through Vigny , and empties into the Seine in Meulan - en - Yvelines .
The Dysna ( Belarusian : Дзісна Dzisna ; Russian : Дисна Disna ) is a river that flows through Lithuania and Belarus into the Daugava River near the town of Dzisna .
The Genil River is the main ( left ) tributary of the river Guadalquivir in Andalusia , Spain .
The Moruya River flows generally east , joined by two minor tributaries , past the town of Moruya , before reaching its mouth of the Tasman Sea at Moruya Heads .
After 62 km , the Pascua River ends in a wide delta that empties into the Baker Channel , previously having rushed in a last area of rapids .
The Boone River is a tributary of the Des Moines River in north - central Iowa in the United States .
Formed from the confluence of the Horse Creek and Teatree Creek , the Wang Wauk River rises on the slopes of the Meyers Range within Wang Wauk State Forest , and flows generally north and then east , joined by one minor tributary before reaching its confluence with the Coolongolook River , southwest of Nabiac .
Moody Brook is a small watercourse that flows into Stanley Harbour on East Falkland , Falkland Islands .
The Mushawe River ( alternative spelling Mushawi River ) is a right - bank tributary of the Mwenezi River in Zimbabwe .
The Black Kei River , ( Afrikaans : Swart - Keirivier ) , originates southwest of Queenstown , and eventually joins the White Kei River , to become the Great Kei River .
The Tuscarawas River is a principal tributary of the Muskingum River , 129.9 miles ( 209 km ) long , in northeastern Ohio in the United States .
The Sierra Leone River is a river estuary on the Atlantic Ocean in Western Sierra Leone .
The Bouès , is a right tributary of the Arros , at the eastern end of the basin of the Adour , in the Southwest of France .
The Ounasjoki River ( Northern Sami : Ovnnesjohka ) is the Kemijoki River 's largest tributary and is Finland 's longest single river tributary .
Pyakupur River ( Russian : Пякупур ) is a river in Yamalo - Nenets Autonomous Okrug , Russia , the left tributary of the Pur River .
In mathematical analysis , Lipschitz continuity , named after Rudolf Lipschitz , is a strong form of uniform continuity for functions .
The Turing test is a test , developed by Alan Turing in 1950 , of a machine 's ability to exhibit intelligent behavior equivalent to , or indistinguishable from , that of a human .
A Riemann problem , named after Bernhard Riemann , consists of an initial value problem composed of a conservation equation together with piecewise constant data having a single discontinuity .
Sequent calculus is , in essence , a style of formal logical argumentation where every line of a proof is a conditional tautology ( called a sequent by Gerhard Gentzen ) instead of an unconditional tautology .
The Lincoln Highway was America 's first national memorial to President Abraham Lincoln , predating the 1922 dedication of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington , D.C. , by nine years .
Am Schöpfwerk Church ( German : Kirche Am Schöpfwerk ) is a Roman Catholic parish church , dedicated to Saint Francis of Assisi , and is the most recently built church in Meidling , the 12th district of Vienna , Austria .
The theories forming the basis of Keynesian economics were first presented by the British economist John Maynard Keynes in his book , The General Theory of Employment , Interest and Money , published in 1936 , during the Great Depression .
The Gallo - Romans faced raids and migration from the Germanic Franks , who dominated the region for hundreds of years , eventually creating the medieval Kingdom of France .
The original Perkins Brailler was produced in 1951 by David Abraham ( 1896 - -1978 ) , a woodworking teacher at the Perkins School for the Blind .
In mathematics , an Erdős cardinal , also called a partition cardinal is a certain kind of large cardinal number introduced by Paul Erdős and András Hajnal ( 1958 ) .
The Felix Ermacora Human Rights Award ( German : Felix - Ermacora - Menschenrechtspreis ) is an Austrian human rights award .
The name Surhuisterveen refers to the time of the peat - colonies , and means `` the peat - bogs of Surhuizum '' .
The Kidman Way draws its history from the stock routes that linked cattle stations in the region , many of which were owned by Sir Sidney Kidman , an Australian pastoralist and philanthropist .
The Sriburapha Award is a Thai award , established in 1988 in honor of Kulap Saipradit , whose pen name was Sriburapha ( Thai : ศรีบูรพา ) .
The 3 M Company , formerly known as the Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company ( 1902 - -2002 ) , is an American multinational conglomerate corporation based in Maplewood , Minnesota , a suburb of St. Paul .
In mathematics , Marden 's theorem , named after Morris Marden but proven much earlier by Jörg Siebeck , gives a geometric relationship between the zeroes of a third - degree polynomial with complex coefficients and the zeroes of its derivative .
The Randolph Caldecott Medal annually recognizes the preceding year 's `` most distinguished American picture book for children '' , beginning with 1937 publications .
The Grüne Post was a secondary trainer glider designed by Alexander Lippisch at the request of a German newspaper , the Grüne Post ( English : Green Post ) , who distributed plans .
The mathematical concept of a Hilbert space , named after David Hilbert , generalizes the notion of Euclidean space .
Langite was discovered in 1864 and named after the physicist and crystallographer Viktor von Lang ( 1838 - -1921 ) , who was Professor of Physics at the University of Vienna , Austria .
Stillwaterite was first discovered in the Banded and Upper zones of the Stillwater igneous complex in Montana , USA , and has been reported in the Lac - des - Iles area of Ontario , Canada .
The Hilbert symbol was introduced by David Hilbert ( 1897 , sections 64 , 131 , 1998 , English translation ) in his Zahlbericht , with the slight difference that he defined it for elements of global fields rather than for the larger local fields .
In mathematics , a Cauchy matrix , named after Augustin Louis Cauchy , is an m×n matrix with elements aij in the form
Frieschepalen ( West Frisian : Fryske Peallen ) is a village with around 990 inhabitants in the municipality of Opsterland in the east of Friesland , the Netherlands .
The Boyd Gang was a notorious criminal gang based in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , named for member Edwin Alonzo Boyd .
The University of Florida Health Science Center ( HSC ) , also known as the J. Hillis Miller Health Science Center , is the medical division of the University of Florida .
Tarski 's undefinability theorem , stated and proved by Alfred Tarski in 1936 , is an important limitative result in mathematical logic , the foundations of mathematics , and in formal semantics .
Bézier curves were widely publicized in 1962 by the French engineer Pierre Bézier , who used them to design automobile bodies at Renault .
Because Drygalski Island was thought to be `` Drygalski 's High Land '' , charted by Professor Erich von Drygalski of the German Antarctic Expedition ( 1901 - 1903 ) in 1902 , Drygalski 's name was given by Sir Douglas Mawson to the island .
Thomas ( then Michael ) Bushnell As both hurd and hird are homophones of the English word herd , the full name GNU Hurd is also a play on the words herd of gnus , reflecting how the kernel works .
Steffensen 's inequality is an equation in mathematics named after Johan Frederik Steffensen .
Faience or faïence ( /faɪˈɑːns/ or /feɪ-/ ; French : ( fajɑ̃s ) ) is the conventional name in English for fine tin - glazed pottery on a delicate pale buff earthenware body , originally associated by French speakers with wares exported from Faenza in northern Italy .
The Sturtian glaciation is named after the Sturt River Gorge ( Near Bellevue Heights , South Australia ) .
In control theory and stability theory , the Nyquist stability criterion , discovered by Swedish - American electrical engineer Harry Nyquist at Bell Telephone Laboratories in 1932 , is a graphical technique for determining the stability of a dynamical system .
In geometry , Plücker coordinates , introduced by Julius Plücker in the 19th century , are a way to assign six homogeneous coordinates to each line in projective 3-space , P3 .
Our Day is a silent documentary short directed by Wallace Kelly in 1938 , about a day in the life of the Kelly family in Lebanon , Kentucky .
Jandamarra 's War is a 2011 Australian drama style documentary that tells the story of Jandamarra , a famous Aboriginal Australian warrior of the Bunuba people from Western Australia .
Death to Smoochy was filmed in Toronto and Hamilton , Ontario , along with New York City .
The Bodyguard from Beijing ( simplified Chinese : 中南海保镖 ; traditional Chinese : 中南海保鑣 released in the United States as The Defender ) is a 1994 Hong Kong action film directed by Corey Yuen , and produced by and starring Jet Li .
On the Outs is a 2004 drama film chronicling three young women in Jersey City , New Jersey and the decisions they make in the period of a couple weeks .
Letter to Brezhnev is a 1985 British romantic comedy film about working class life in contemporary Liverpool .
Dr. Quinn , Medicine Woman is an American Western drama series created by Beth Sullivan and starring Jane Seymour who plays Dr. Michaela `` Mike '' Quinn , a physician who leaves Boston in search of adventure in the Old American West and who settles in Colorado Springs , Colorado .
Roller Skates opens with the narrator remembering back to a special year in the 1890s , when young Lucinda Wyman arrives at the Misses Peters ' home in New York City ; the two ladies will care for her during the year of Lucinda 's parents ' trip to Italy .
The Dervish House is a near - future science fiction tale that follows a number of characters after a bus bombing incident in Istanbul during a week - long heatwave in April 2027 .
The More the Merrier is a 1943 American comedy film made by Columbia Pictures which makes fun of the housing shortage during World War II , especially in Washington , D.C. The picture stars Jean Arthur , Joel McCrea and Charles Coburn .
Knives in the Night ( ISBN 0 - 8041 - 0001 - 2 ) is a Vietnam War novel by David Sherman published in 1987 by the Ivy Book imprint of Ballantine Books .
In Japan and Europe , this game was released as Scud Race ( Scud meaning `` Sports Car Ultimate Drive '' ) .
Let the Great World Spin is a novel by Colum McCann set in New York City in the United States .
The Given Day is a novel by Dennis Lehane published in September 2008 ; it is about the early twentieth - century period and set in Boston , Massachusetts , where its actions include the 1919 police strike , and Tulsa , Oklahoma , where the thriving Greenwood District was known as the `` Black Wall Street '' .
I Saw the Sun ( Turkish : Güneşi Gördüm ) is a 2009 Turkish drama film , written and directed by Mahsun Kırmızıgül , which tells of a Kurdish family who are forced from their village in southeastern Turkey by the conflict there .
Trenc 's original book , The Night at the Museum , is a picture story book for children about Hector , a night watchman at the Museum of Natural History in New York City , New York .
The Spy in Black was filmed at Denham Studios , with location shooting at Northchurch Common in Berkhamsted , Hertfordshire and in Orkney , Scotland .
Main Force Assault ( ISBN 0 - 8041 - 0103 - 5 ) is a Vietnam War novel by David Sherman published in 1987 by the Ivy Book imprint of Ballantine Books .
Journey Through the Night ( orig . Dutch : Reis door de nacht ) is a novel , originally in four volumes ( 1951 - -1958 ) , by Dutch author Anne de Vries centering on the impact of the Second World War in the Netherlands on a Christian family .
Mary Anerley : a Yorkshire tale is a three - volume novel by R. D. Blackmore published in 1880 .
Do n't Touch the White Woman ! is a 1974 French - Italian farce , an absurdist Western set in Paris , directed by Marco Ferreri .
The programme saw Julie Webb and David Drummond play Abigail and Roger , an engaged couple living in London bedsits .
Bianca e Falliero is a tale of emotional excess and bitter strife within war - threatened Venice .
Blind Company was shot in Bicheno , Tasmania in September 2008 .
19th century After its opening performances in Italy in 1830 , Anna Bolena was first given in London at the King 's Theatre on 8 July 1831 .
Blind Detective is a 2013 Hong Kong - Chinese romantic comedy and crime thriller film directed by Johnnie To and starring Andy Lau and Sammi Cheng .
Adolphe - Ernest Fould ( 17 July 1824 -- 13 February 1875 ) was a French banker and politician .
Winfried Nachtwei ( born 15 April 1946 in Wulfen ) is a German politician and former member of Alliance ' 90/The Greens in the Bundestag .
On October 23 , 2012 , Gary Johnson participated in a third party debate that was aired on C - SPAN , RT America , and Al Jazeera English .
Emil Schlee ( 21 October 1922 -- 26 February 2009 ) was a German historian and politician with the CDU and REP . He was born in Schwerin and died in Schwentinental .
Sigrid Combüchen ( born January 16 , 1942 ) is a Swedish novelist , essayist , literary critic and journalist .
Otávio Müller de Sá ( born August 6 , 1965 ) , most known as Otávio Müller , is a Brazilian actor .
Jelena Janković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јелена Јанковић , pronounced ( jɛ̌lɛna jǎːnkɔv̞itɕ ) , born 28 February 1985 ) is a Serbian professional tennis player .
Charles S. Cary ( November 25 , 1827 -- August 7 , 1906 ) was a New York lawyer , politician and railroad executive who served as Solicitor of the United States Treasury .
Leon Vitali ( born Alfred Leon ; born July 26 , 1948 ) is an English actor , best known for his collaborations with film - maker Stanley Kubrick , most notably as Lord Bullingdon in Barry Lyndon .
Virginia Fair Vanderbilt ( January 2 , 1875 - July 7 , 1935 ) was an American socialite , hotel builder / owner , philanthropist , owner of Fair Stable , a Thoroughbred racehorse operation , and a member of the prominent Vanderbilt family .
Daddy Di Do Du is a Filipino sitcom produced by M - Zet TV Productions , Inc. that aired on GMA Network every Sunday evenings .
Hotel Impossible is a reality television program from Travel Channel in which struggling hotels receive an extensive makeover by veteran hotel operator and hospitality expert Anthony Melchiorri and team .
House of Style is an MTV show that premiered January 1 , 1989 , focusing on America 's growing fascination with the `` supermodel '' craze .
This Land was a Canadian television series , which aired from 1970 to 1982 on CBC Television .
Groove High is a musical comedy series that first aired on Disney Channel on November 10 , 2012 .
Nedjeljom u dva ( English : Sunday at Two ) is a Croatian television talk show aired every Sunday afternoon at 14:00 CET on HRT 1 and hosted by Aleksandar Stanković .
How it Happens is a Canadian science television series which aired on CBC Television in 1973 .
Pass Time is an American game show that aired on Speed from 2008 to 2013 .
Caminhos do Coração ( English : Paths of the Heart ) is a Brazilian telenovela aired on Rede Record .
Videomatch was a late - night 120-minute Argentine comedy show hosted by Marcelo Tinelli and broadcast on Telefe that debuted in 1989 in the midnight time slot .
Ventdelplà was a Catalan TV series that was aired on TV3 .
C'mon Midffîld ! is one of the most successful comedy series ever broadcast on Welsh channel S4C.
Groomed is a Canadian W Network makeover reality television series produced by Chocolate Box Entertainment that aired Mondays at 10:30 p.m. and Wednesdays at 9 p.m. It is hosted by butler Paul Hogan , who is famous for his appearances on the reality TV series Joe Millionaire .
Bad Ink is an American reality television series that premiered on August 11 , 2013 , on A&E.
College Football Live is a show that airs weekdays on ESPN or ESPN2 , and ESPNU .
Shibuhara Girls is a MTV Japan / MTV Asia reality mini - series that centers on the lives of a group of young aspiring Japanese women as they seek stardom in the popular pop culture and fashion districts of Tokyo , Japan ;
The Imogene Coca Show is a half - hour NBC television series starring Imogene Coca in both situation comedy and variety show formats .
How to Build a Better Boy is a Disney Channel Original Movie directed by Paul Hoen and written by Jason Mayland .
The Barris Beat is a Canadian variety television series which aired on CBC Television from 1956 to 1957 .
Wild Arabia is a British nature documentary series , first broadcast on BBC Two and BBC HD from 22 February to 8 March 2013 .
People in Parties is a Canadian two - part political television special which aired on CBC Television in 1960 .
Go Go Gophers is a western / comedy animated series that originally appeared on the Underdog series from 1966 to 1968 before being briefly spun off as a separate series on CBS in 1968 and 1969 .
The Smell of Reeves and Mortimer was a BBC TV sketch show written by and starring double act Vic Reeves & Bob Mortimer .
The Snoop Sisters is an American comedy - mystery television show that aired on NBC during the 1973 - -1974 season .
Spyforce was an Australian TV series produced from 1971 to 1973 , based upon the adventures of Australian Military Intelligence operatives in the South West Pacific during World War II . It was produced by the Nine Network in conjunction with Paramount Pictures .
Shooting Sizemore is an American reality documentary television series that debuted January 7 , 2007 on VH1 .
NASCAR RaceDay ( also known as NASCAR RaceDay fueled by Sunoco ) is an American pre - race television show on Fox Sports 1 that precedes all NASCAR Sprint Cup Series race broadcasts .
Born and Bred is a light - hearted British drama series that aired on BBC One from 2002 to 2005 .
Star Singer is an Indian music reality - television competition , broadcast on Asianet and previously sponsored by Idea Cellular .
Mike & Molly is an American sitcom created by Mark Roberts which premiered on CBS September 20 , 2010 .
Alone in the Wild is a 2009 documentary television series commissioned by Channel 4 and produced by Tigress Productions , a UK independent producer .
The Larry Storch Show is an American Comedy / Varitey show that aired live on CBS from July 11 , 1953 to September 12 , 1953 .
NewsNight with Aaron Brown was a live international news broadcast , which appeared on the CNN network from 2001 to 2005 .
The Half Hour is an American stand - up comedy television series that airs on Comedy Central in the United States .
L'Couple ( Arabic : لكوبل ) is a Moroccan television series , created by Amir Rouani , which originally aired on television channel 2 M TV since 2013 during the period of Ramadan .
Our Man in ... is a British documentary television series series , filmed in 2011 and broadcast on Channel 4 in 2012 .
The Eddy Arnold Show debuted on CBS - TV on July 14 , 1952 from New York City as a live 15-minute summer replacement for The Perry Como Show on Monday , Wednesday and Friday nights from 7:45 - -8 p.m. ET . Arnold 's guitarists Hank Garland and Roy Wiggins ( steel guitar ) appeared .
Galaxy High is an American - Japanese science fiction animated series that premiered on September 13 , 1986 on CBS and ran for 13 episodes until December 6 , 1986 .
Converging Lines is a Canadian two - part television documentary which aired on CBC Television in 1977 .
O Canto da Sereia ( English : Siren 's Song ) is a Brazilian miniseries produced and broadcast by Rede Globo in 2013 .
Cousin Skeeter is an American children 's television show , which ran on Nickelodeon from 1998 to 2001 .
Commander USA 's Groovie Movies is an American movie showcase series that ran weekend afternoons on the USA Network .
A special edition of The Hit Man and Her was broadcast as part of the ITV Telethon in 1992 .
The World in Your Home is an NBC Television TV series which aired from December 22 , 1944 to 1948 , originally broadcast on WNBT , NBC 's New York flagship , then broadcast on NBC - affiliate stations WRGB in New York 's Capital District and WPTZ in Philadelphia starting shortly after its premiere .
Poly Tin Kyriaki ( Much on Sunday ) , later known as Pio Poli Tin Kiriaki ( Even More on Sunday ) is a Greek entertainment show on Mega Channel , hosted by showman Grigoris Arnaoutoglou and Marietta Hroussala and later Kalomoira .
Brink ! is a 1998 Disney Channel Original Movie set in the backdrop of aggressive inline skating .
L.A. Law is an American television legal drama series that ran for eight seasons on NBC from September 15 , 1986 to May 19 , 1994 .
Dave 's Old Porn was a comedy show starring Dave Attell that premiered on Showtime on October 20 , 2011 .
Eerie , Indiana is an American television series that originally aired on NBC from September 15 , 1991 to April 12 , 1992 .
Fox News Live is an American news / talk television program , the hard - news daytime programming of the Fox News Channel .
American Hoggers is an American reality television series on A&E that debuted October 19 , 2011 .
Lil ' Bush is a satirical , politically themed animated television series which premiered on June 13 , 2007 on Comedy Central .
Beat the Brain is a BBC quiz show that has aired on BBC Two since 11 May 2015 and is hosted by John Craven with Josie Lawrence as the voice of `` The Brain '' .
The Bugaloos is an American children 's television series , produced by brothers Sidney Krofft and Martin Krofft , that aired on NBC on Saturday mornings from 1970 to 1972 .
Fast N ' Loud is a reality styled Discovery Channel TV show featuring Richard Rawlings and Aaron Kaufman from the Dallas , Texas - based Gas Monkey Garage as they search for run - down cars , and with the help of the GMG crew , restore them for profit .
Both Bitag and Pinoy US Cops later moved to the People 's Television Network , albeit in a producer 's cut variety and in broadcast syndication , while the UNTV version continued to air Fridays in a commercial - free tandem with Pinoy US Cops :
Vatre ivanjske ( Midsummer Fires ) is a Croatian telenovela produced by RTL Televizija .
As Schools Match Wits , which originally aired on WWLP in Springfield , Massachusetts , is a high school quiz competition that bills itself as `` America 's Longest Running High School Television Quiz Show Since 1961 '' .
The Boy Nexxt Door is a reality television show currently airing on the Playboy TV network .
On 27 April 2012 , it was announced that BBC Two had ordered a second series of comedy chat show The Sarah Millican Television Programme due to start on 15 January 2013 .
Without Prejudice ? is a game show created and produced by 12 Yard that aired in the UK on Channel 4 from 4 January 2003 to 16 April 2004 and ran for 2 series .
Please Sir ! is a London Weekend Television situation comedy , created by John Esmonde and Bob Larbey and featuring actors John Alderton , Deryck Guyler , Joan Sanderson , Noel Howlett , Erik Chitty and Richard Davies .
McClain 's Law is an American crime drama television series that aired on NBC during the 1981 - 1982 season .
The Dick Van Dyke Show is an American television sitcom that initially aired on CBS from October 3 , 1961 , until June 1 , 1966 .
Allí abajo ( English : Down there ) is a Spanish television comedy series produced by Plano a Plano for Antena 3 .
The Who , What , or Where Game is an American television game show that was broadcast weekdays on NBC from December 29 , 1969 to January 4 , 1974 .
Ooops ! was a children 's TV show made by SMG Productions ( now known as STV Productions ) for the ITV network children 's strand CITV .
Drugs Live is an occasional British television documentary on Channel 4 about recreational drug use , and clinical trials into its effects , presented by Jon Snow and Dr Christian Jessen .
Kasshish is an Indian Hindi language drama series which premiered on 20 June 2005 on Zee TV .
Les Bleus de Ramville is a Canadian television series , which premiered on TFO in January 2012 .
La notte della Repubblica ( The night of the Republic ) is a TV programme presented by Sergio Zavoli , broadcast by the Italian public TV channel Rai 2 .
The Riches ( styled as the Ri¢hes in promotional material ) is an American television series which was originally broadcast from March 12 , 2007 , to April 29 , 2008 , on FX .
Chhoona Hai Aasmaan was a Hindi television serial that airs on STAR One from Monday to Thursday at 9:30 PM IST .
Elly & Jools is an Australian children 's television series that originally aired on the Nine Network in 1990 .
Sexcetera is an American television series airing on Playboy TV .
Tikkabilla is a UK children 's television programme , shown on BBC1 , BBC2 and on the CBeebies channel .
Élodie Bradford is a French television series created by Lionel Bailliu and broadcast since 20 October 2004 on the French television network M6 .
News 4 New York is the brand identifier of WNBC - TV in New York City .
Abrams & Bettes Beyond the Forecast , commonly abbreviated Abrams & Bettes , Beyond the Forecast , or A&B , was a weather program produced by The Weather Channel .
Cheat ! was a TV show on G4 ( formerly G4techTV ) that provided cheat codes , strategies , and other hidden features for video games .
Hver gang vi møtes ( meaning Every Time We Meet in Norwegian ) is a Norwegian reality television show broadcast on the Norwegian TV 2 television station in 2012 .
Dadnapped is a Disney Channel Original Movie which premiered February 16 , 2009 .
Indian Summers is a British drama series that began airing on Channel 4 on 15 February 2015 .
Meu Bem , Meu Mal is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast at 6:00pm by Rede Globo , October 29 , 1990 to May 18 , 1991 , in 173 episodes .
Bluestone 42 was a comedy drama series about a British bomb disposal detachment in Afghanistan during Operation Herrick , first broadcast on 5 March 2013 on BBC Three .
Tiger Cruise ( released August 6 , 2004 ) is the 54th Disney Channel Original Movie .
The David Letterman Show is a live morning NBC talk show , hosted by David Letterman .
Abby 's Ultimate Dance Competition is an American dance reality competition series on Lifetime .
Night Gallery is an American anthology series that aired on NBC from 1970 to 1973 , featuring stories of horror and the macabre .
Inside the Box is a Canadian game show which debuted in 2006 on the cable network TVtropolis , and was syndicated in the United States by Program Partners in the 2008 television season .
Rhoda was filmed Friday evenings in front of a live studio audience at CBS Studio Center , Stage 14 in Studio City , Los Angeles , California .
Corpo a Corpo is a 1984 Brazilian telenovela , aired on Rede Globo .
Comic 's Choice is a British comedy chat show hosted by the comedian Bill Bailey , and broadcast on Channel 4 .
TechLive ( formerly known as ZDTV News and TechTV News ) was an American live television program that aired from 1998 to 2004 on TechTV , a former television channel that specialized in technology .
Totally Circus is a 30-minute children 's reality series that aired on Disney Channel .
Zixx ( full title is Zixx : Level One for season one , Zixx : Level Two for season two , and Zixx : Level Three for season three ) is a Canadian television series that airs on YTV .
The Kate Smith Show is a half - hour variety program which aired on CBS television from January 25 to July 18 , 1960 .
O Sorriso do Lagarto ( The Lizard 's Smile ) is a Brazilian television series that first aired on Rede Globo in 1991 .
The Late Late Show with James Corden ( also known as Late Late ) is an American late - night talk show hosted by James Corden on CBS .
Forbidden Science is a Cinemax `` After Dark '' series that premiered in January 2009 .
Working It Out is an American situation comedy broadcast by NBC as part of its 1990 fall lineup .
Burgo 's Catch Phrase was an Australian game show that ran between 1997 and 2003 , produced by Southern Star Group ( and later by the joint - venture Endemol Southern Star ) for the Nine Network .
Squawk Australia was a television business news program that aired every weekday at 6:00am Singapore / Hong Kong / Taiwan time on CNBC Asia .
The Big Break is the Golf Channel 's reality television program .
Deadly Games is an American action science fiction television series that appeared on UPN as part of its 1995 season .
The Trials of Rosie O'Neill is an American television drama series , which aired on CBS from 1990 to 1991 .
Tactical to Practical with Hunter Ellis is a program that ran from 2003 to 2005 on The History Channel .
MasterChef Colombia is a Colombian competitive cooking reality show that broadcast by RCN TV since January 14 , 2015 .
The T.O. Show was an American reality television series that premiered on VH1 on July 20 , 2009 .
Summer Nude is a 2013 Japanese television series that aired on Fuji Television on Mondays at 21:00 ( JST ) from July 8 to September 16 , 2013 .
Studio 2 was a daily ( weeknights ) current affairs newsmagazine on TVOntario in Ontario , Canada .
The Tommy Banks Show is a Canadian variety and talk show television series which aired on CBC Television from 1971 to 1974 .
The John Allan Cameron Show was a Canadian television variety series produced by CBC Television in Halifax from 1979 to 1980 , with repeat episodes airing until 1982 .
Los Donatti is a 1986 Venezuelan telenovela produced by Venevisión and distributed internationally by Venevisión International .
Howie Do It was a Canadian / American comedy television series , co - commissioned by Global and NBC , that stars Howie Mandel .
Taradise ( also known as Wild On Tara ! ) is an American reality series hosted by actress Tara Reid that aired on E ! from August 10 , 2005 to 2006 .
Mi nombre es amor is a 1987 Venezuelan telenovela produced by Venevisión and distributed internationally by Venevisión International .
Sanjay and Craig is an American animated television series produced by Nickelodeon .
The Time , The Place was a British audience participation talk show that was produced by a number of different ITV compaines , and broadcast live on ITV from 1987 - 1998 .
Richard Hammond 's 5 O'Clock Show was a television programme shown every weekday on the British channel ITV from 3 January until 10 February 2006 .
Austrocedrus is a genus of conifer belonging to the cypress family Cupressaceae .
Wate longinus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Wate .
The Westland petrel ( Procellaria westlandica ) , also known as the Westland black petrel or tāiko , is a rare seabird that nests in New Zealand 's forests .
Liabellum is a genus of Mexican plants in the liabium tribe within the Asteraceae .
The Morobe big - eyed tree frog , Nyctimystes trachydermis , is a species of frog in the Hylidae family , endemic to Papua New Guinea .
Welcome to the Drama Club is an album from rock band Everclear .
`` Breathe Me '' is a 2004 single by Australian singer Sia Furler featured on the album Colour the Small One .
In 1993 , Laura Branigan released a cover of the song , retitled `` It 's Been Hard Enough Getting Over You '' , as the second single from her final studio album Over My Heart .
Top and Bottom Brass is an album by trumpeter Clark Terry featuring performances recorded in early 1959 and originally released on the Riverside label .
¡ Fiesta Fiesta Fiesta Fiesta ! is the debut studio album by The Stiletto Formal released on October 21 , 2008 .
Patricia Kraus ( Spanish pronunciation : ( paˈtɾiθja kɾaus ) ; born 4 January 1964 , Milan , Italy ) is a Spanish singer , best known for her participation in the 1987 Eurovision Song Contest .
Yin Yin ( Chinese : 殷茵 ; born 2 January 1974 in Zhejiang ) is the Former China women 's national volleyball team Outside Hitter .
Jean - Claude Magnan ( born June 4 , 1941 in Aubagne , Bouches - du - Rhône ) is a French fencer and olympic champion in foil competition , and medalists in three successive Olympics .
Sarah Sze was born in Boston , Massachusetts to a Chinese--
Tiziano Fratus ( born 1975 in Bergamo ) is an Italian poet and publisher .
Erica Vaal died on October 17 , 2013 in Staatz , Austria , at the age of 86 , 7 months before Austria 's win in Copenhagen
Leonas Bistras ( 20 October 1890 in Liepāja -- 17 October 1971 in Kaunas ) was a Lithuanian politician , journalist , translator , philosopher and professor .
Anton Srholec ( 12 June 1929 , Skalica -- 7 January 2016 , Bratislava ) was a Slovak Roman Catholic priest and Salesian .
Ali Akbar Navis ( born in Padang Panjang , West Sumatra November 17 , 1924 - died in Padang March 22 , 2003 at 78 years of age ) was a prominent Indonesian author , poet and humorist .
Oscar Gelbfuhs ( November 9 , 1852 , Šternberk , Moravia -- September 27 , 1877 , Cieszyn , Austrian Silesia ) was a Moravian - Austrian chess master .
Dawoud Sulaiman Ali Sulaiman Al Kuetei ( Arabic : داوود سليمان علي سليمان أل-كويتي‎ ; born 21 February 1990 ) is an Emirati professional footballer who plays for Al Ain as a goalkeeper .
Márcio Luis Marques Guimarães or simply Márcio Guerreiro ( born March 6 , 1981 in Nova Iguaçu ) , is a Brazilian right - sided midfielder .
Deon Hotto Kavendji ( born 29 October 1990 ) in Swakopmund , Namibia , is an Namibian international footballer who plays for Lamontville Golden Arrows as a midfielder .
Assane Dioussé El Hadji ( born 20 September 1997 ) is a Senegalese footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Italian Serie A club Empoli .
Dagan Yivzori ( Hebrew : דגן יבזורי‎ ; born October 15 , 1985 ) is an Israeli basketball player , playing at the shooting guard position .
João Vicente da Nova ( born 1 April 1907 ) was a Portuguese footballer who played as a midfielder .
Ryan Bird ( born 15 November 1987 ) is an English footballer who plays as a forward for Yeovil Town .
Richard Soumah ( born 6 October 1986 ) is a Guinean international footballer , who currently plays as a midfielder for Amiens .
Renato Netson Benatti ( born 17 October 1981 ) , simply known as Renato , is a Brazilian football who plays as a central defender .
Sergio Adrián Flores Reyes ( born February 12 , 1995 ) is a Mexican footballer who plays as a Defensive midfielder for Coras F.C. on loan from C.D. Guadalajara .
Xenofon Gittas ( Greek : Ξενοφών Γήτας ) ( born 22 June 1979 ) is a Greek football midfielder who plays for Anagennisi Karditsas .
Kassaly Daouda ( born 19 August 1983 in Dosso ) is a Nigerien footballer who is a goalkeeper for South African club Chippa United .
José Manuel Rodríguez Morgade ( born 22 June 1984 ) , commonly known as Manu , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Lugo mainly as a left midfielder but also as a left back .
Simon Peddie ( born 8 March 1980 ) is a Montserratian footballer who plays as a defender and midfielder for East Thurrock United of the Isthmian League Premier Division .
Renan Carvalho Mota , known as Renan Mota ( born 1 October 1991 ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Oeste as a forward .
Airton Ferreira da Silva , best known as Airton Pavilhão ( 31 October 1934 -- 3 April 2012 ) was an association football defender .
José Vladimir Canova Hernández ( born 30 September 1992 ) commonly known as José Canova , is a Peruvian footballer who plays as a centre back for Universidad San Martín de Porres in the Torneo Descentralizado .
Roberto Olabe Aranzábal ( born 20 October 1967 in Vitoria - Gasteiz , Basque Country ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper , and a manager .
Hasan Kacić ( born 29 July 1976 ) is a Croatian football defender of Bosnian descent , currently playing for Croatian Third Division side GOŠK Dubrovnik .
Ricky Charles ( born 16 June 1975 ) is a footballer ( midfielder ) from Grenada , who has played for the Grenada national football team .
Sergio Bernardo Almirón ( born 7 November 1980 ) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a midfielder for Lega Pro side Akragas in Italy .
Lotem Zino ( Hebrew : לוטם זינו‎ ; born March 16 , 1992 ) , is an Israeli footballer who plays as a midfielder for Israeli Premier League club Hapoel Tel Aviv .
Fangio Buyse ( born 27 September 1974 ) is a Belgian football midfielder and now works as a manager .
Jefisley André Caldeira ( born May 16 , 1980 ) is a Brazilian midfielder who plays for Hapoel Ramat Gan .
Jacopo Fanucchi ( born September 18 , 1981 ) is an Italian football forward who currently plays for Prato .
Oğuzhan Türk ( born 17 May 1986 ) is a Dutch footballer of Turkish origin who last played as a midfielder for Turkish Süper Lig club Gaziantepspor .
Chad Brownlee ( born July 12 , 1984 in Kelowna , British Columbia ) is a Canadian country music artist and former ice hockey defenceman .
Trevor Cilia ( born 2 January 1983 in Pietà , Malta ) is a professional footballer currently playing for Maltese Premier League side Floriana , where he plays as a midfielder .
Mirza Jelečak ( born 2 March 1983 in Sarajevo ) is a retired Bosnian - born Swedish footballer who last played for IK Sirius as a midfielder .
John Helt ( born December 29 , 1959 ) is a Danish former football ( soccer ) player in the midfielder position .
Simon van Zeelst ( born 23 February 1994 , Hedel ) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Filip Lončarić ( born 17 September 1986 ) is a Croatian professional football goalkeeper who currently plays for Tromsø .
Lars Melvang ( April 3 , 1969 in Seattle , United States ) is a former Danish football ( soccer ) defender .
Alecsandro Aparecido dos Santos or simply Nino Santos ( born 27 September 1984 ) is a Brazilian professional footballer , who plays as defender for Al Jahra in Kuwaiti Premier League .
Ramos Saozinho Ribeiro Maxanches ( born 12 April 1994 ) , also known as Ramos Maxanches , is a football player who currently plays as goalkeeper for Timor - Leste national football team .
Koo Bon - sang ( Hangul : 구본상 ; born 4 October 1989 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a midfielder for Ulsan Hyundai in the K League Classic .
Axel Smeets ( born 12 July 1974 in Brussels , Belgium ) is a former football ( soccer ) and football manager , who played as a defender and could also play as a midfielder .
Suada Jashari ( born 9 October 1988 ) is an Albanian football midfielder .
Rezal Zambery Yahya ( born 10 October 1978 in Batu Pahat , Johor ) is a Malaysian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for NS Matrix F.C ..
Rafael Batista ( born 26 August 1988 ) , better known as Rafael Chorão , is a Brazilian footballer , who plays for Votuporanguense as a midfielder .
Abdelilah Fahmi ( Arabic : عبدالله فهمي‎ ) ( born 3 August 1973 in Casablanca ) is a Moroccan football defender .
Bruno Soriano Llido ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈbɾuno soˈɾjano ˈʎiðo ) ; born 12 June 1984 ) , known simply as Bruno , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Villarreal CF as a defensive midfielder .
Wellington Agramonte de los Santos ( born 22 February 1987 ) is a Dominican footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Antigua and Barbudan club Jennings Grenades FC and the Dominican Republic .
Stuart McCaffrey ( born 30 May 1979 in Glasgow ) is a Scottish former professional football defender , who last played for Scottish club Greenock Morton .
Andrés Palop Cervera ( born 22 October 1973 ) is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Mehmet Topal ( born 3 March 1986 ) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays for Fenerbahçe SK as a defensive midfielder .
Dominic Matteo ( born 28 April 1974 ) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a defender and centre - midfielder from 1992 to 2009 .
Ross Etheridge ( born 14 September 1994 ) is an English footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Accrington Stanley .
Peter Jungschläger ( born 22 May 1984 in Voorburg ) is a Dutch former footballer who plays as a midfielder for Topklasse club SVV Scheveningen .
Bledjan Rizvani ( born 2 July 1985 in Durrës ) is an Albanian football goalkeeper who plays for Teuta Durrës in the Albanian Superliga where he is also the squad captain .
John Trewick ( born 3 June 1957 ) is an English football coach and former midfielder .
Alan Dickie ( born 30 January 1944 ) is an English former footballer who played as a goalkeeper in England for West Ham United , Coventry City and Aldershot .
Neil Moore ( born 21 September 1972 in Liverpool ) is an English professional football defender who is currently playing for Solihull Moors .
Neil Lindsay was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a centre forward .
Michelle Betos ( born February 20 , 1988 ) is an American professional soccer goalkeeper .
Nguyễn Xuân Luân ( born 29 April 1984 ) is Vietnamese footballer who plays for Becamex Binh Duong as a defender .
Jan Broschinský ( born 1 September 1985 ) is a Czech football midfielder who most recently played for FC Graffin Vlašim in the Czech 2 .
Emmerson Brooks - Meade ( born 7 July 1983 ) is an Anguillan international footballer who plays as both a defender and a midfielder .
Aaron Westervelt ( born 21 November 1979 ) in Adelaide , Australia is an Australian football ( soccer ) player who plays as a Central midfielder for Adelaide Victory FC in the National Premier Leagues State League .
Álvaro Rodríguez Ros ( born 6 June 1936 in Ujo , Mieres , Asturias ) , commonly known as Alvarito , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defender .
Ivan Banović ( born 1 February 1984 in Split ) is a Croatian football goalkeeper who is currently a free agent , having been released from the Croatian club Croatia Sesvete in July 2010 .
Franck Silvestre ( born 5 April 1967 ) is a retired French footballer who played as a central defender .
Luiz Henrique Koprowski ( born 21 May 1987 ) is a Brazilian footballer , defensive midfielder .
Conrad Hendricks ( Rust - ter - Vaal , 5 February 1979 -- Alberton , 14 January 2006 ) was a South African football ( soccer ) player last playing as goalkeeper for Moroka Swallows .
Paul Manta , ( born in Bucharest , 2 June 1943 ) , is a Romanian former football goalkeeper , who played for Sportul Studenţesc , Universitatea Craiova and Progresul Bucureşti .
Milan Dević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милан Девић ; born 30 May 1974 in Inđija ) is former Serbian football goalkeeper .
Filippos Filippou ( Greek : Φίλιππος Φιλίππου ; born June 24 , 1975 in Limassol ) is a retired football player who played as a defender .
Jakob Blåbjerg Mathiasen ( born 11 January 1995 ) is a Danish defender playing for AaB.
Troy Caesar ( born 13 May 1994 ) is an international footballer from the British Virgin Islands , who plays as a midfielder for the British Virgin Islands national football team .
Simeon Augustus ( born March 19 , 1991 is a Trinidad and Tobago football player , who plays as a midfielder for United Petrotrin ( TT Pro League ) .
Mariah Bullock ( born February 21 , 1991 ) , née Mariah Nogueira , is an American retired soccer midfielder .
Yasin Özdenak ( born 11 October 1948 ) is a former Turkish football goalkeeper and now an active coach .
Joe Exter ( born December 19 , 1978 ) is a retired American ice hockey goaltender .
Zulkarnain Zakaria ( born November 23 , 1974 in Banda Aceh , Indonesia ) is a football goalkeeper who currently plays in Region 1 of the Liga Indonesia for Semen Padang .
Milan Singh ( born 15 May 1992 ) is an Indian footballer who plays as a central midfielder for DSK Shivajians in the I - League .
Marcin Kuś ( born 2 September 1981 in Warsaw ) is a Polish professional footballer ( defender ) who plays for Ruch Chorzów .
Jones Kusi - Asare ( born 21 May 1980 ) is a former Swedish - Ghanaian footballer who played as a forward .
Lewis Hardman ( born 25 March 1989 ) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Bishop Auckland .
Tiago Alves Fraga ( born 2 March 1981 in Anápolis , Brazil ) , more commonly known as Tiago is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as attacking midfielder for CRAC .
Saša Kocić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Саша Коцић ; born 10 June 1976 ) is a Serbian football midfielder playing with Zvižd Kučevo in the Serbian League West .
Laimonis Laizāns ( born 1945 ) is a former Soviet Latvian football goalkeeper who played for FK Daugava Rīga and Torpedo Moscow .
José María Maguregui Ibarguchi ( 16 March 1934 -- 30 December 2013 ) was a Spanish football midfielder and coach .
Known as a quick and skilled scrum - half with a great pass who is n't shy when it comes to the physical aspects of the game , Grayson Hart has played Super Rugby for the Blues and NSW Waratahs as well as NPC Rugby for Auckland and North Harbour .
Fergus Bell ( born 25 January 1991 ) is an English footballer who plays as a central midfielder most recently for Torquay United .
Peter Sarantopoulos ( born 2 May 1968 ) is a former Canadian international soccer defender .
Jerri Ariel Farias Hahn ( born on 12 June 1980 ) , simply known as Jerri , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Emil Iliev ( Bulgarian : Емил Илиев ; born 31 March 1997 ) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Kaliakra Kavarna on loan from Cherno More Varna .
Jéferson Rodrigues Gonçalves ( born 15 July 1984 in Brasília ) , simply Jéferson ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈʒɛfiʁsõ ) ) , is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a attacking midfielder for Brazilian club Boavista .
William Leandersson ( born 9 January 1984 ) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Mjällby AIFas a defender .
Marcin Kikut ( born 25 June 1983 in Barlinek ) is a Polish football ( midfielder or defender ) .
Ubay Luzardo Santana ( born 6 November 1983 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Portuguese club S.C. Farense mainly as a central defender .
Georgi Korudzhiev ( Bulgarian : Георги Коруджиев ; born 2 March 1988 ) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing as a midfielder for Hungarian club Békéscsaba .
Souleymane Diawara ( born 24 December 1978 ) is a Senegalese footballer who plays as a defender for OGC Nice and the Senegal national team .
Andrea Mazzarani ( born November 6 , 1989 in Rome ) is an Italian professional footballer currently playing as a midfielder for Serie B club Modena .
Tyias Browning ( born 27 May 1994 ) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for Everton .
Rafael Rocha , better known as Rato ( born 14 March 1989 in Ribeirão Preto ) is a Brazilian professional football player who plays as a left midfielder .
Jerome McCarthy ( born 6 April 1973 ) is a South African former footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a left winger .
Michael Petkovic ( born 16 July 1976 ) is an Australian former goalkeeper .
Indro Olumets ( born 10 April 1971 in Tartu ) is a former Estonian footballer who played as an offensive - minded midfielder .
Winston DuBose is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who spent eight seasons in the North American Soccer League , four in the American Professional Soccer League and one in the American Indoor Soccer Association .
Roy Gulwak is a goalkeeper for FC Kator .
Waheed Mohammed Taher ( born October 11 , 1982 ) is Qatari footballer who is a defensive midfielder for Al - Wakrah .
Milan Jagodić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милан Јагодић ; born 11 March 1991 in Užice ) is a Serbian football defender , who last played for Mladost Lučani .
Joël Bouchard ( born January 23 , 1974 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the National Hockey League .
Boris Turčák ( born 21 February 1993 ) is a Slovak footballer who plays as midfielder .
Roscoe Pietersen ( born 27 January 1989 ) is a South African football ( soccer ) defender who currently plays for SuperSport United in the Premier Soccer League .
Ally Ridgers ( born 30 June 1982 in Inverness , Scotland ) is a Scottish footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Highland Football League side , Clachnacuddin .
Damian Bailey ( born 5 May 1991 ) is an Anguillan international footballer who plays as a midfielder .
João Pedro Henriques Neto ( born 11 September 1984 in Porto ) , known as João Pedro , is a Portuguese footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Gregor Buchanan ( born 31 March 1990 ) is a Scottish footballer who as a defender who plays for Dumbarton in the Scottish Championship .
Uğur İnceman ( born 25 May 1981 in Aachen , West Germany ) is a Turkish - German football player who currently plays as a midfielder for Roda JC Kerkrade in the Dutch Eredivisie .
Seyfo Soley ( born 16 February 1980 in Lamin , the Gambia ) is a Gambian football ( soccer ) midfielder who previously played for Doxa Katokopias .
Mohamed Nizam popularly known as Thoddoo - reference to his home island ( born 17 May 1974 ) is a Maldivian footballer who plays as a forward for Kalhaidhoo .
Juan Quarterone Carbone ( 28 May 1935 -- 23 November 2015 ) was an Argentine football midfielder .
Altan Aksoy ( born on 5 February 1976 ) was a Turkish footballer who last played as midfielder for Giresunspor .
Raúl Alfredo Cascini ( born April 7 , 1971 in San Fernando , Argentina ) , is a retired Argentine football midfielder , who also has Italian nationality .
Murat Selvi ( born 10 July 1982 ) is a Belgian professional footballer of Turkish descent who plays as a defender .
Shin Dong - keun ( Korean : 신동근 ; born 15 February 1981 ) is a South Korean football midfielder .
Malin Swedberg ( born 15 September 1968 ) is a Swedish former association football midfielder who won 78 caps for the Sweden women 's national football team , scoring ten goals .
Eduardo Godinho Felipe ( born 5 January 1976 in São Paulo ) , commonly known as Edu , is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder .
Marek Božoň ( 17 April 1990 in Poprad ) is a Slovak footballer who plays as a defender for the 2 .
Marta Docando Gómez , a.k.a . Marti , is a Spanish football midfielder , currently playing for Atlético Madrid in the Spanish First Division , where she serves as the team 's captain .
Lê Thanh Bình ( born 8 August 1995 ) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a forward for Thanh Hoa F.C ..
Hassan Mila Sesay ( born October 22 , 1987 in Freetown ) is a Sierra Leonean international footballer , currently playing as an attacking midfielder for FC Lahti in Veikkausliiga .
Marina Saenko is a Russian football defender currently playing for Energiya Voronezh in the Russian Championship She has been a member of the Russian national team .
Zoran Vujović ( born 26 August 1958 ) is a Bosnian Croat retired footballer who played as a defender .
Bruno Gomes de Oliveira Conceição ( born 19 July 1996 ) , known as Bruno Gomes , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward for Serie A side Genoa , on loan from Internacional .
Wan Zaman Wan Mustapha ( born 12 June 1983 in Kota Bharu , Kelantan ) is a Malaysian footballer who plays as a midfielder for PDRM recently transfer from Kelantan FA in Malaysia Super League .
Brian McQueen ( born 1 January 1991 ) is a Scottish footballer who plays for Clyde , as a central defender .
Heinz Kubsch ( 20 July 1930 , Essen -- 24 October 1993 ) was a German football goalkeeper .
Janvier Charles Mbarga ( born September 27 , 1985 in Yaoundé , Cameroon ) is a professional Cameroonian footballer who plays as goalkeeper .
Marian Rada ( born 14 May 1960 in Bucharest ) is a Romanian former football defender and manager of Berceni .
William Wade Johnston ( April 9 , 1898 -- March 8 , 1978 ) was a Negro Leagues outfielder during the first Negro National League .
Mohd Noor Ali was a Singaporean footballer who last played as a midfielder for NFL Division 2 side Admiralty FC .
Réka Demeter ( born 26 September 1991 in Esztergom ) is a Hungarian football defender , currently playing for UE L'Estartit in Spain 's Primera División .
Caryl Righetti ( born 18 July 1984 ) is a footballer from Switzerland who plays as midfielder .
José Andrés Bilibio Estigarribia ( born 2 January 1975 in Corrientes ) is a retired naturalized Armenian football defender .
Ibrahim Moro ( born 10 November 1993 ) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder who plays for Adana Demirspor in the Turkish TFF First League .
Steve Cacciatore is a retired American soccer forward who played professionally in the American Soccer League and the North American Soccer League .
Enrique Moreno Bellver ( 6 September 1963 -- 8 February 2012 ) was a Spanish professional footballer who played as a central defender .
Wilker Pereira dos Santos , known simply as Wilker , ( born 16 June 1987 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward for Tërbuni Pukë in the Albanian Superliga .
Poul Lars Høgh Pedersen ( born 14 January 1959 ) is a Danish former football player , who played his entire career as a goalkeeper for Odense BK .
Edgar Nicaise Constant Salli ( born 17 August 1992 ) , commonly known as Edgar Salli , is a Cameroonian footballer who currently plays for FC St. Gallen on loan from Monaco and is a winger , having previously played for Ngaoundéré and Coton Sport .
Thiago Benevides Gonçalves , commonly known as Thiaguinho ( born September 4 , 1987 ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a left winger .
Pedro Paulo Saraiva António ( 21 November 1973 -- 23 February 2000 ) , known as Pedro Paulo , was a Portuguese footballer who played as a central midfielder in the Primeira Divisão and the UEFA Cup for Marítimo .
Edemir Cláudio Marques , commonly known as Cláudio or Cláudio Marques , ( born 18 February 1950 ) is a retired football midfielder who won the Campeonato Paranaense seven times as a player with Coritiba Foot Ball Club .
Andrew Koczka ( born 9 September 1965 ) is an Australian former soccer player who played at both professional and international levels , as a midfielder .
Richard Brush ( born 26 November 1984 in Birmingham , England ) is a football goalkeeper who currently plays for Finn Harps in the League of Ireland Premier Division .
Anton Regh ( born 12 September 1940 ) is a German former footballer who played as a defender for 1 .
Ed Blaney ( born April 20 , 1951 ) is a retired American soccer defender who played professionally in the American Soccer League and Major Indoor Soccer League .
Gideon Paulo da Silva ( born 16 July 1981 in Jacobina , Bahia ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Alan Kearney ( born 11 August 1987 ) is a footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Port Melbourne SC .
In 2014 , following a season - ending injury to Adrianna Franch , the Western New York Flash signed Lydia Williams to be their starting goalkeeper .
Cao Sỹ Cường ( born 19 February 1984 ) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a midfielder for V - League club Thanh Hóa F.C. and the Vietnamese internationals .
João Paulo Mior ( born 3 August 1991 in Serafina Corrêa ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Goiás , on loan from Internacional .
Vesna Smiljković is a Serbian football midfielder currently playing in Iceland 's Úrvalsdeild for IBV Vestmannaeyja .
Alberto Ramírez Torres ( born February 2 , 1986 in Puerto Vallarta ) is a Mexican footballer , as a midfielder for Alebrijes de Oaxaca in Mexico .
José María Cela Ranilla ( born 17 December 1969 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a forward , and current research fellow at Rovira i Virgili University .
Danijel Brezič ( born 15 February 1976 in Murska Sobota ) is a Slovenian football midfielder , who last played for Grazer AK in the Austrian Regional League Central .
Antonio Filippini ( born 3 July 1973 ) is an Italian retired footballer who played mainly as a defensive midfielder .
Chuck Kobasew ( born April 17 , 1982 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger who is currently playing for Swiss club , SC Bern of the National League A ( NLA ) .
John MacNamee is a footballer who played as a winger in the Football League for Tranmere Rovers .
Lorenzo Lollo ( born 8 December 1990 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie A side Carpi , as a central midfielder .
Javille Brooks ( born 27 November 1984 ) in Anguilla is a footballer who plays as a forward .
Roberto Jorge D'Alessandro di Ninno ( born 28 July 1949 ) is an Argentine retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper , and manager .
Jens Stryger Larsen ( born 21 February 1991 ) is a Danish footballer currently playing as a defender for Austria Wien .
Noureddine Naybet ( Arabic : نور الدين نيبت‎ ; born 10 February 1970 ) is a Moroccan retired footballer who played as a central defender .
Dirk Heyne ( born 10 October 1957 in Magdeburg , then East Germany ) is a former German football goalkeeper turned manager .
Henrik Furebotn ( born 11 February 1986 ) is a Norwegian footballer midfielder who plays for Bodø / Glimt in Tippeligaen .
René Pleimelding ( 13 February 1925 -- 20 October 1998 ) , was a French football defender and manager who obtained a cap for France .
Despite being only seventeen years old , Wang Dalei started his football career with Shanghai United , making his debut on 11 March 2006 in a 1 - 1 draw against Inter Xian which made him the youngest professional goalkeeper in Chinese football history .
Gérard Janvion ( born 21 August 1953 in Fort - de - France , Martinique ) is a retired French international footballer who played defender .
Khosro Heydari ( Persian : خسرو حیدری‎‎ , born September 14 , 1983 ) is an Iranian football player who currently plays for Esteghlal as a defender in the Persian Gulf Pro League .
Craig Gardner ( born 25 November 1986 ) is an English professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for West Bromwich Albion .
Yann David ( born 15 April 1988 in Lyon , France ) is a French professional rugby union centre and winger currently playing for Toulouse in the Top 14 .
Conlyde Luchanga is an Zambian professional footballer who plays as a forward .
Daniele Giordano ( born 4 March 1991 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Italian Serie C club Melfi .
Sofiane Djebarat ( born 7 May 1983 in Toudja , Béjaïa Province ) is an Algerian professional football player who currently plays as a defender for Algerian Ligue 2 club Olympique de Médéa .
Gerry Garvan is a former Irish soccer player and coach who played as a midfielder for several clubs , during the 1960s and 1970s , in the League of Ireland , including Drumcondra , Shelbourne and Athlone Town .
Mohamed Salim Mubarak ( Arabic : محمد سليم مبارك‎ ) ( born in 1968 ) , is a footballer from UAE who played as a defender for Al - Ahli Club in Dubai , and the UAE national football team .
Jean Luciano ( 2 January 1921 -- 7 July 1997 ) was a French football midfielder .
Kelly Hrudey ( born January 13 , 1961 ) is a Canadian former National Hockey League ice hockey goaltender and current hockey broadcaster with Sportsnet as an analyst for Hockey Night in Canada and the Calgary Flames as a commentator .
Antonio Hadzhiivanov ( Bulgarian : Антонио Хаджииванов ; born 16 January 1990 in Blagoevgrad ) is a Bulgarian football player currently playing as a midfielder .
Anıl Karaer ( born July 4 , 1988 , in İstanbul , Turkey ) is a Turkish football player who plays as defender for Eskişehirspor .
Rodolfo Dantas Bispo ( born 23 October 1982 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays defender .
Yannick Riendeau ( born June 18 , 1988 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey winger who plays for the Reading Royals of the ECHL .
Aleš Kotalík ( born 23 December 1978 ) is a professional ice hockey right winger playing for HC Mountfield České Budějovice of the Czech Extraliga .
Gopinathan Ramachandra or commonly known as Gopi is a Malaysia Super League footballer who plays as a winger or Forward for Malaysia and Pahang FA .
Terhi Uusi - Luomalahti ( born 20 February 1974 ) is a Finnish former football defender who played for HJK Helsinki , among other teams , in the Naisten Liiga .
Mićo Kuzmanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Мићо Кузмановић ; born 18 March 1996 ) is a Bosnian Serb football forward .
Piotr Parzyszek ( born 8 September 1993 in Toruń , Poland ) is a professional footballer who plays a forward who is currently on trial at Grimsby Town .
Jimmy Gallagher ( June 7 , 1901 in Kirkintilloch , Scotland -- October 7 , 1971 in Cleveland , Ohio ) was a Scottish American soccer right wing midfielder who spent eleven seasons in the American Soccer League .
Goran Blažević ( born 7 June 1986 ) , nicknamed Šiljo , is a Croatian football goalkeeper .
Maicol Berretti ( born 1 May 1989 ) is a Sammarinese footballer who plays as a midfielder for Pennarossa Berretti made his senior national team debut on 21 November 2007 , in an UEFA Euro 2008 qualifier match against Slovakia .
Mika Norja is a Finnish professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for Jukurit in the Finish Mestis .
Irving Nattrass ( born 20 December 1952 ) was a midfielder for Newcastle and Middlesbrough Born in Fishburn , England Nattrass attended Ferryhill Grammar School and Signed with Newcastle at age 16 on an apprenticeship .
Gerry Reardon is a retired Irish football ( soccer ) midfielder who played professionally in the North American Soccer League .
Walter Aspden was an American soccer inside forward who played professionally in the first American Soccer League .
Herbert Ilsanker ( born May 24 , 1967 in Hallein , Austria ) is a retired professional football goalkeeper .
Patrick Olusegun Odegbami , often shortened to Segun Odegbami ( born August 27 , 1952 , in Abeokuta ) is a retired Nigerian footballer who played as a forward .
Jared Aulin ( born March 15 , 1982 ) is a Canadian professional hockey centre who is currently playing with the newly relegated Rapperswil - Jona Lakers of the National League B ( NLB ) .
Sione Teu is a Tongan footballer and referee who plays as a defender .
Jan Linssen ( 19 January 1913 -- 2 November 1995 ) was a Dutch footballer who was active as a forward .
Sixten Boström ( born 15 September 1963 ) is a Finnish soccer coach and former midfielder , who is currently an assistant coach for Columbus Crew of Major League Soccer after being hired in February 2015 .
Ryan Harley ( born 22 January 1985 ) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Exeter City in League Two .
Đorđe Despotović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ђорђе Деспотовић ; born 4 March 1992 in Loznica , FR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian footballer who is currently playing for Latvian Higher League side FK Spartaks Jūrmala as a centre forward .
Amy Garnett ( born 31 March 1976 ) is an English rugby union player who plays for Women 's Premiership team Saracens Women as a hooker .
Matthew Rusike ( born June 28 , 1990 ) is a Zimbabwean footballer who plays as a midfielder and striker for Helsingborgs IF in Sweden .
Gord Simpson ( born May 10 , 1928 in Winnipeg , Manitoba ) was a Canadian ice hockey defenceman who play with the Winnipeg Maroons for 14 years .
Nedko Milenov ( Bulgarian : Недко Миленов ) ( born 9 October 1978 ) is a football midfielder from Bulgaria .
Luciano Xavier Lisboa often called Luciano was born on July 23 , 1987 in Paracatu , and is a Brazilian defensive midfielder .
Stéphane Collet ( born 13 June 1972 in Diego Suárez ) is a retired French - Malagasy football midfielder .
Henrique Moura Perillo ( born 8 February 1991 in Goiânia ) , or simply Henrique , is a Brazilian defender .
Ginter Gawlik ( born December 5 , 1930 in Borsigwerk , a district of Zabrze , died August 22 , 2005 in Würzburg , Germany ) was a Polish soccer player , defender and midfielder .
Benjamin Büchel ( born 4 July 1989 ) is a Liechtenstein international footballer who plays for English club Oxford United , as a goalkeeper .
Agostino Camigliano ( born 11 July 1994 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Udinese , as a central defender .
Graham Bowman ( born 2 January 1993 ) is a Scottish footballer , currently playing for Falkirk as a goalkeeper in the Scottish Championship .
Youssef Idrissi ( born 19 January 1988 in Avignon ) is a French - born Moroccan footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Aurillac FCA .
Marko Milinković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Mapкo Mилинковић ; born 16 April 1988 ) is a Serbian footballer who currently plays as midfielder or winger .
Hamed Lak ( Persian : حامد لک‎‎ , born 24 November 1990 ) is an Iranian football goalkeeper currently playing for Saba Qom and Iran national football team .
Carles Busquets Barroso ( Catalan : ( busˈkɛts ) ; born 19 July 1967 ) is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper , mostly for Barcelona .
Helge Liljebjörn ( 16 August 1904 -- 2 May 1952 ) was a Swedish football midfielder who played for the Swedish national football team .
Blagoje Tamindžić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Благоје Таминџић ; born April 8 , 1952 ) is a former Bosnian Serb football goalkeeper .
Szabolcs Csorba ( born 24 October 1991 in Debrecen ) is a Hungarian football player currently playing for the Bangladeshi team Dhaka Abahani as a forward .
Luuk de Jong ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈlyk də ˈjɔŋ ) , born 27 August 1990 ) is a Dutch footballer , who plays as a forward for PSV Eindhoven and the Netherlands football team .
Hervé Schreiner ( born November 29 , 1974 ) is a former professional footballer who played as a midfielder .
Barry Hawkes ( born 21 March 1938 ) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League as an inside forward for Luton Town , Darlington and Hartlepools United .
Benjamin Auer ( born 11 January 1981 in Landau ) is a retired German footballer who is a centre - forward .
Vincenzo Fiorillo ( born 13 January 1990 ) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Pescara in the Italian Serie B , on loan from Juventus .
Arvid Schenk ( born 28 July 1989 ) is a German professional football player who plays as a goalkeeper and is currently without a club having last played for Dundee .
Fabrice Lokembo - Lokaso ( born 31 October 1982 ) is a Belgian retired football defender of Congolese .
Jander Ribeiro Santana ( born 8 July 1988 in Feira de Santana , Bahia ) , known simply as Jander , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club Gil Vicente F.C. as a midfielder .
Dion - Curtis Henry ( born 12 September 1997 ) is an English professional football goalkeeper who plays for League One side Peterborough United .
Matheus Dória Macedo ( born 8 November 1994 ) , commonly known as Dória , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Spanish club Granada CF on loan from Marseille as a central defender .
Song Ju - han ( Hangul : 송주한 ; born 16 June 1993 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a defender for Daejeon Citizen in K League Challenge .
Scott Oxley ( born 22 November 1976 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a winger in the Football League for York City , and in non - League football for Stocksbridge Park Steels .
Filip Despotovski ( Macedonian : Филип Дecпoтoвcки ; born 18 November 1982 in Skopje , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Macedonian football midfielder who plays for FK Teteks and the Macedonian National Team .
Manuel Amoros ( born 1 February 1962 in Nîmes ) is a French retired football defender of Spanish descent .
Graham Abel ( born 17 September 1960 ) was a professional footballer who played in the Football League for Chester City and Crewe Alexandra as a central defender .
Abdelkader Ferhaoui , known as Kader Ferhaoui ( Arabic : عبد القادر فرحاوي‎ ) ( born March 19 , 1965 in Oran , Algeria ) is a retired Algerian football midfielder .
Pablo Bouza ( born 9 May 1973 in Rosario , Santa Fe , Argentina ) is a former rugby union player who has so far won 38 caps playing at No 8 , flanker or lock for the Argentine rugby union side .
Silvio Piola ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈsilvjo ˈpjɔla ) ; 29 September 1913 -- 4 October 1996 ) was an Italian footballer from Robbio Lomellina , province of Pavia who played as a forward .
Réjean Giroux ( born September 13 , 1952 ) is a retired Canadian ice hockey right winger who played for the Quebec Nordiques of the World Hockey Association .
Harry Dukes was an English professional football goalkeeper who made over 115 appearances in the Football League for Norwich City .
Kazimir Vulić ( born 10 June 1967 in Posedarje ) was a Croatian football midfielder who last played for NK Solin Građa .
Carlo Nervo ( born 29 October 1971 in Vicenza ) is an Italian professional footballer who played as a midfielder .
Erald Hysi ( born 13 August 1986 in Vlorë ) is an Albanian football player who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Flamurtari Vlore in the Albanian Superliga .
Roland Bättig ( born 28 July 1979 Switzerland ) is a former Swiss professional footballer who last played as a midfielder for FC Thun in the Swiss Super League .
Sardor Kabuldjanov(born 2 February 1987 ) is a Uzbekistani footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Uzbek League team Buxoro .
Dave Scatchard ( born February 20 , 1976 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey centre .
Horace Stoute ( born 29 May 1971 ) is a former Barbadian international footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Casper Olesen ( born 10 May 1996 ) is a Danish footballer who plays as a forward for Danish Superliga - side SønderjyskE.
Russell Anderson ( born 25 October 1978 ) is a Scottish former footballer who last played as a centre back for Aberdeen .
Zdravko Chavdarov ( Bulgarian : Здравко Чавдаров ; born 24 January 1981 ) is a Bulgarian footballer , currently playing as a goalkeeper for Lyubimets 2007 .
Gonzalo de los Santos da Rosa ( born 19 July 1976 ) is an Uruguayan retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder , and a current coach .
Sabyrkhan Ibraev ( Kazakh : Сабырхан Ибраев ) is a Kazakhstani football midfielder and playmaker .
Acurcio Carrelo ( born 16 March 1931 , died 21 January 2010 ) is a Portuguese football goalkeeper who played for Portugal in the 1960 European Nations ' Cup .
Pablo Sebastián Pereyra ( born April 28 , 1975 in Montevideo ) is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Guillermo Brown of the Primera B Nacional in Argentina .
Raynaldo Sturrup ( born 11 January 1990 ) is a Bahamian international footballer who plays college soccer for Thomas University , as a goalkeeper .
Issoumaila Dao ( born August 9 , 1983 in Abidjan ) is an Ivory - Coast - born football defender who currently plays for Al - Raed in the Saudi Professional League .
Bill Shortt ( 13 October 1920 -- 20 September 2004 ) was a Welsh professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Altamont McKenzie ( born Kingston ) is a retired Jamaican football ( soccer ) defender who spent two seasons in the North American Soccer League and at least one in the American Soccer League .
George Pastor is a former U.S. soccer forward who was a prolific indoor soccer goal scorer .
Chris Newans ( born October 6 , 1969 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey and roller hockey defenceman .
Mohd Asraruddin Putra Omar ( 26 March 1988 ) is a Malaysian footballer who is a defender for Johor Darul Takzim FC .
Aarón Wergifker ( born August 15 , 1914 ) is a retired Brazil - born , naturalized Argentine football defender .
Frédéric Bong ( born 27 July 1987 in Douala ) is a Cameroonian professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Ligue 2 club Chamois Niortais .
Lebogang Mabatle is a South African football defender .
Mariano Fernando González ( born December 31 , 1980 in Rosario ) is an Argentine football defender .
Tommaso Colombaretti ( born 26 June 1980 ) is an Italian football defender who currently plays for Fano .
Marco Quotschalla ( born 25 July 1988 ) is a football forward who is currently contracted with Luxembourgish second league club FC Rodange 91 .
Frank Löning ( born 28 August 1981 in Aurich ) is a German football forward who currently plays for Chemnitzer FC .
Tracy Murray is the cousin of former Los Angeles Clippers small forward Lamond Murray and cousin of former New York Knicks shooting guard Allan Houston .
Bruno Bellone ( born 14 March 1962 in Toulon ) is a former French international footballer who played as a winger , and who earned 34 caps and scored two goals for France from 1981 to 1988 .
Darian MacKinnon ( born 9 October 1985 ) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Hamilton Academical , as an attacking midfielder and striker .
Philippe Tranchant ( born 23 April 1956 ) is a French former professional footballer who played as a forward .
João Marques de Jesus Lopes ( born 16 August 1958 in Tete ) known as Djão , is a former Portuguese footballer who played as a forward .
Diego Mendieta ( June 13 , 1980 - -December 3 , 2012 ) was a Paraguayan footballer who played as a forward for Persis Solo F.C ..
Sénah Mango ( born December 13 , 1991 in Lomé ) is a Togolese footballer who currently plays as a defender for French side Boulogne .
Róbert Švehla ( /ˈrɒbərt ˈsveɪlə/ ; born January 2 , 1969 ) is a Slovak retired professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the NHL for 9 seasons from 1995 until 2003 .
José Ángel Iribar Cortajarena , nicknamed El Chopo ( `` the poplar '' ) ( born 1 March 1943 ) , is a Spanish retired football goalkeeper and manager .
László Sütő ( born 18 April 1986 in Szombathely , Hungary ) is a Hungarian football ( defender ) player .
Peter Skov - Jensen ( born June 9 , 1971 ) is a Danish former professional football player who was a goalkeeper .
Giancarlo Corradini ( born 24 February 1961 in Sassuolo , Province of Modena ) is an Italian football manager and former defender .
Julio Ulises Terra Guerra ( died 31 October 1985 ) was a Uruguayan football defender .
Seimata Chilia ( born 2 August 1978 , Vanuatu ) is a Vanuatuan international footballer who plays for Amical as a midfielder .
Ever Hugo Almeida ( born 1 July 1948 ) is a Paraguayan former footballer who played as a goalkeeper and is currently manager of Asunción side Libertad .
Leonardo Fabiano Silva e Silva , commonly known as Leonardo Silva ( born June 22 , 1979 in Rio de Janeiro , Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Atlético Mineiro as a central defender .
Leandro Amaro dos Santos ( born June 19 , 1986 in Campinas ) , or simply Leandro Amaro , is a Brazilian football defender , who plays for ABC of the Série B.
Alan Baró Calabuig ( born 22 June 1985 in Darnius , Girona , Catalonia ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for SD Ponferradina mainly as a defensive midfielder but also as a central defender .
Augusto Solari ( born 3 January 1992 in Rosario ) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Estudiantes on loan from River Plate as a midfielder .
Juraj Maretić ( born 5 June 1993 in Split ) is a Croatian football forward , currently playing for Junak Sinj in the Druga HNL , on loan from Slaven Belupo .
Tyler Kennedy ( born July 15 , 1986 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who is currently playing with the New Jersey Devils of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
George Neill ( 1872 - 1905 ) was an English association footballer who played as a defender Born in Poplar , London , Neill spent three seasons with Millwall Athletic playing mostly in their reserve team before signing for West Norwood in 1894 .
Jack Lancien was a skilled defenceman who played parts of four seasons with the New York Rangers in the 40s and 50s .
Ronnie Coyle ( 4 August 1964 -- 12 April 2011 ) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a defender .
Vincenzo Sicignano ( born 8 July 1974 in Pompei , Province of Naples ) is an Italian former football goalkeeper turned coach .
Serhiy Sitalo ( Ukrainian : Сергій Володимирович Сітало ; born 20 December 1986 in Magadan , Russian SFSR , Soviet Union ) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who played for Tavriya Simferopol in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Murad Aghakishiyev ( Azerbaijani : Murad Agakisiyev ; born 13 June 1985 ) is a football midfielder from Azerbaijan .
Martin Pembleton ( born 1 June 1990 ) is an English footballer , who plays as a midfielder for Goole .
Vanderley Dias Marinho ( born 29 December 1987 ) , known as Derley , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Turkish club Kayserispor , on loan from Portuguese club Benfica .
Fabien Laurenti ( born 6 January 1983 in Marseille ) is a French professional football ( soccer ) defender .
Rashad Abdullayev ( Azerbaijani : Rəşad Abdullayev ; born 1 October 1981 ) is an Azerbaijani footballer ( midfielder ) who plays for Zira .
Liam O'Sullivan ( 28 October 1981 -- 29 April 2002 ) was a Scottish football player , who played as a defender for Hibernian , Clydebank and Brechin City .
Ihor Sholin ( Ukrainian : Ігор Миколайович Шолін ) , ( 4 June 1985 -- 16 December 2009 ) was a professional Ukrainian football midfielder .
Wilmer Kousemaker ( born 12 July 1985 in Tholen , Zeeland ) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a midfielder for Capelle in the Dutch Topklasse .
František Pospíšil ( born April 2 , 1944 ) is a Czech former ice hockey defenceman and coach .
Theo Lewis Weeks ( born 19 January 1990 ) is a Liberian international footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Ermis Aradippou in the Cypriot First Division .
Dennis Leman is a footballer who played as a midfielder in the Football League for Manchester City , Sheffield Wednesday , Wrexham and Scunthorpe United .
Johnny Torres ( born April 24 , 1976 in Medellín , Colombia ) is a Colombian - American soccer midfielder and coach who is currently an assistant coach of his alma mater , Creighton University .
Wilberne Augusmat is a Haitian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Violette in the Ligue Haïtienne .
Henry Onwuzuruike ( born 26 December 1979 ) is a Nigerian professional footballer who last played for German club SV Darmstadt 98 , as a midfielder .
Miguel Aracil Arnau ( born 18 February 1957 in Alicante , Valencian Community ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right defender and midfielder .
Matej Mitrović is a Croatian football defender currently playing for HNK Rijeka in Croatia 's Prva HNL .
Karim Rekik ( Arabic : كريم رقيق‎ ; born 2 December 1994 ) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a centre back for Ligue 1 club Marseille .
Charis Nicolaou ( born March 31 , 1974 in Nicosia , Cyprus ) is a Cypriot football midfielder .
Luciano Civelli ( born 6 October 1986 in Pehuajó , Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine football midfielder , who plays for Banfield .
Reidun Seth ( born 9 June 1966 ) is a Norwegian footballer , world champion and olympic medallist , a football goalkeeper and a goalkeeper trainer .
Ki Sung - yueng ( Korean : 기성용 , Korean pronunciation : ( ki sʰʌŋjoŋ ) ; born 24 January 1989 ) is a South Korean professional footballer who currently plays as a central midfielder for Premier League club Swansea City , and serves as captain of the South Korean national team .
Peter Rajah ( died 14 November 2014 ) was a Malaysian footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Sabah and the national team .
Pascal Pédemonte ( born 27 January 1980 in Lyon ) is a French football ( soccer ) defender .
Kaidi Jekimova ( born 28 June 1979 ) is an Estonian football player who plays for Levadia Tallinn , as an attacking midfielder .
Cho So - hyun ( Hangul : 조소현 , born 24 June 1988 ) is a South Korean women 's football midfielder , who plays for Incheon Red Angels in South Korean WK - League and is the captain for the South Korea women 's national football team .
Tomas Švedkauskas ( born 22 June 1994 ) is a Lithuanian professional footballer , who plays as a goalkeeper for Ascoli on loan from AS Roma .
Diego Lima ( born June 18 , 1990 , in Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian goalkeeper formed in the Flamengo .
Charles Neal Anderson ( born August 14 , 1964 ) is an American former college and professional football player who was a running back in the National Football League ( NFL ) for eight seasons during the 1980s and 1990s .
Florent Raimy ( born February 7 , 1986 in Laon , France ) is a Beninese professional footballer currently playing for Maltese Premier League side Mosta , where he plays as a midfielder .
Eduardo Junqueira Sales also known as Edu Sales ( born 13 December 1977 in São Paulo ) is a former Brazilian football player who played as midfielder .
Björn Mehnert ( born 24 August 1976 ) is a German former footballer who played as a defender or midfielder .
Gorka Elustondo Urkola ( born 18 March 1987 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Athletic Bilbao as a central defender or a defensive midfielder .
Francesco Serafini ( born 31 March 1990 in Guardiagrele ) is an Italian football midfielder who last played for L'Aquila .
Antonio Puchades Casanova ( 4 June 1925 -- 24 May 2013 ) was a Spanish footballer who played as a defensive midfielder .
Jonathan Delaplace ( born 20 March 1986 ) is a French footballer who plays as a midfielder for Caen in Ligue 1 .
Frederic Cloutier ( born May 14 , 1981 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing in Finnish Mestis for KooKoo .
Robert Zabica ( born 9 April 1964 in Spearwood , Western Australia ) is an Australian former goalkeeper .
Rico Steinmann ( born 26 December 1967 in Karl - Marx - Stadt ) is a German retired footballer who played mostly as a midfielder .
Reijo Ruotsalainen ( born April 1 , 1960 ) is a Finnish retired ice hockey defenceman .
Vangelis Pourliotopoulos ( born on 13 April 1969 ) is a retired Greek goalkeeper who played in the 1990s and 2000s .
George Tait ( 1859 -- 25 November 1882 ) was an English international footballer , who played as a centre forward .
Mark Major ( born March 20 , 1970 in Toronto , Ontario ) is a retired ice hockey left winger .
Stefanie Mirlach is a retired German football midfielder .
Marek Suchý ( born 29 March 1988 ) is a Czech football player who plays as a defender for Czech Republic national football team and for FC Basel .
Behzad Soltani ( Persian : بهزاد سلطانی‎ , born September 15 , 1988 ) is an Iranian football midfielder who currently plays for Sepahan F.C. in the Iran Pro League .
Richard Forsyth ( born 3 October 1970 ) is an English footballer who played as a midfielder .
Anton Jánoš ( born 28 February 1958 ) is a former football goalkeeper from Slovakia and former manager of ŠK SFM Senec .
Imre Varadi ( born 8 July 1959 ) is an English former professional footballer of Hungarian origin , known as a journeyman forward who appeared for 16 different clubs at all levels of professional football in England .
Jeffrey Hoogervorst ( born 23 October 1984 ) is a Dutch retired footballer who plays as a central defender .
Dominik Malý ( born 24 January 1996 ) is a Slovak footballer who currently plays for Fortuna Liga club FK Senica as a midfielder .
Joseph Alphonse Conrad Bourcier ( May 28 , 1916 -- October 5 , 1987 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre .
Pierre Lavenant ( born 3 August 1995 in Saint - Malo , Brittany ) is a French footballer who plays for Ligue 1 side Lorient as an attacking midfielder .
Borislav Terzić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Борислав Терзић ; born 1 November 1991 ) is a Bosnian Serb football defender who plays for Radnički Kragujevac in the Serbian SuperLiga .
Mario Jelavić ( born 20 August 1993 ) is a Croatian football forward , who is currently play for Åtvidabergs FF .
Arpad Vaš ( Hungarian : Árpád Vass , born 31 July 1989 in Lendava ) is a Slovenian football midfielder who plays for Veržej .
Willi Orban ( born 3 November 1992 ) is a German - Polish - Hungarian footballer who plays as a centre back for RB Leipzig in the 2 .
Paul Harsley ( born 29 May 1978 ) is an English former footballer who played as a midfielder from 1996 until 2012 .
Francisco Santos da Silva Júnior ( born 18 January 1992 ) , commonly known as Francisco Júnior , is a professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Premier League club Everton .
George McNestry ( 7 January 1908 -- March 1998 ) was a professional footballer who played as an outside forward in The Football League for seven different teams between 1926 and 1937 .
Adalberto Manuel Silva Ribeiro ( born 13 February 1969 in Paredes ) , known simply as Adalberto , is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a central defender .
Ausonio Alacevich ( born 13 February 1910 in Zadar , Austria - Hungary ) is a rugby union footballer of the 1930s and ' 40s playing at representative level for Italy , and at club level for R.S. Ginnastica Torino , as a Prop , i.e. number 1 or 3 .
Goran Čaušić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Горан Чаушић ; born on 5 May 1992 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian football midfielder who plays for Turkish Süper Lig club Eskişehirspor .
Ruggiero Rizzitelli ( Italian pronunciation : ( rudˈdʒɛro rittsiˈtɛlli ) ; born 2 September 1967 ) is an Italian former footballer who played as a forward .
Bernard Chiarelli ( born 24 February 1934 ) , is a former French footballer who played as midfielder .
Aleksander Rajčević ( born 17 November 1986 in Koper ) is a professional Slovenian football defender and plays for Maribor in the Slovenian PrvaLiga .
Phil Gwatkin is a footballer who played as a winger in the Football League for Wrexham and Tranmere Rovers .
Shaun Weatherhead ( born 3 September 1970 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender in the Football League for York City , in non - League football for Accrington Stanley and was on the books of Huddersfield Town without making a league appearance .
Theodoros Pahatouridis ( Greek : Θεόδωρος Παχατουρίδης ; born 4 September 1967 in Greece ) is a retired football defender .
Bruno Fernando Nunes ( born 8 July 1990 ) , known as Bruno Nunes , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Portuguesa .
Đorđe Jokić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ђорђе Јокић ; born 20 January 1981 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a defender .
Alf Boyd ( 22 October 1920 -- 1998 ) was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a wing half .
Grant Van De Casteele ( born May 10 , 1991 ) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a defender .
Richie Dorman ( born 14 June 1988 ) is a Welsh professional footballer who plays for Finnish club SJK , as a midfielder .
Hadi Jafari ( Persian : هادی جعفری‎ , born 4 August 1982 ) is an Iranian football midfielder who currently plays for Sepahan F.C. in the Iran Pro League .
Margarito González Manzanares ( born 3 March 1979 in Cruz Grande , Guerrero , México ) is a Mexican football defender .
Jerónimo Barrales ( born 28 January 1987 in Adrogué , Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Turkish club Sivasspor as a forward .
Kevin Geudens ( born 2 December 1980 in Geel , Belgium ) is Belgian football midfielder .
Graziano Bini ( born January 7 , 1955 in San Daniele Po ) is a retired Italian professional footballer and manager , who played as a defender .
Sean Lamont ( born 15 January 1981 in Perth , Scotland ) is a Scottish international rugby union player who plays at centre and on the wing .
Ninon Abena Abena ( born 5 September 1994 ) is a Cameroonian football midfielder who plays for Cameroonian side Louves Minproff .
Željko Ljubenović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Жeљкo Љубeнoвић , born July 9 , 1981 in Belgrade , SR Serbia , Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian football midfielder playing for Zorya Luhansk in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Borna Barišić ( born 10 November 1992 ) is a Croatian football defender , currently playing for Lokomotiva on loan from Dinamo Zagreb in the Croatian First Football League .
Gustavo Colman ( born April 19 , 1985 in Pilar , Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine professional football midfielder who plays for Argentine Primera División club Rosario Central .
João Guilherme Leme Amorim ( born 21 April 1986 ) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for APOEL in the Cypriot First Division , as a central defender .
Jose Carlos Metidieri ( born December 18 , 1942 in Votorantim , Brazil ) is a retired Brazilian - born American soccer forward .
Peter Zelem ( born 13 February 1962 , Manchester ) is a former English professional footballer who played as a defender .
Bertin Tokéné ( born 10 May 1975 in Douala , Cameroon ) is a Cameroonian - Belgian football defender .
Iván Moreno y Fabianesi ( born 4 June 1979 ) is a Spanish - Argentine football midfielder , who plays for Huracán in the Argentine Primera División .
Ricardo Teixeira Vieira or simply Ricardo ( born April 4 , 1984 ) , is a Brazilian goalkeeper .
Sead Čelebić ( born 26 February 1956 ) is a former Bosnian football midfielder who played in the former Yugoslavia and Turkey .
Oleksandr Churilov ( Ukrainian : Олександр Володимирович Чурілов ; born 6 June 1984 in Zhdanov , Donetsk Oblast , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for FC Illichivets Mariupol .
Michael Winsauer ( born August 6 , 1982 ) is an Austrian retired football defender .
Marián Zeman ( born 7 July 1974 ) is a Slovak former footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a central defender .
James Tincknell ( born 13 August 1988 in Leicester ) is an English rugby union player who currently plays at centre / wing for Coventry .
Ricardo Aparecido Tavares , commonly called as Rick ( born 23 April 1987 in São Manuel , São Paulo ) is a Brazilian football player at the position of midfielder .
Jim Stamatis ( born Kiriaki , Greece ) is a retired U.S .- Greek soccer forward and Vice President of The Louis Berger Group .
Ottorino Piotti ( born 31 July 1954 ) is an Italian former professional footballer , who played as a goalkeeper .
Björn Stringheim is a Swedish former football player who played as a goalkeeper .
Marco Campese ( born 9 May 1980 , in Grugliasco ) is an Italian football midfielder who currently plays for A.S. Gualdo Calcio .
Dominik Jakubek ( born September 2 , 1979 in Santa Clara , California ) is an American soccer player , who currently plays goalkeeper for Sacramento Republic FC in the USL Professional Division .
Sofyane Cherfa ( Arabic : سفيان شرفة‎ ; born 13 August 1984 ) is an Algerian professional footballer who plays for CS Constantine as a central defender .
Boyan Peykov ( Bulgarian Cyrillic : Боян Пейков ; born 1 May 1984 ) is a Bulgarian footballer , currently playing as a goalkeeper for FC Sofia .
Clarence Roberts is a Liberian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Black Star in the Liberian Premier League .
William Howard Radford ( born 8 September 1930 ) , known by his middle name Howard , is a former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper in The Football League for Bristol Rovers for eleven years between 1951 and 1962 .
Milan Gašić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милан Гашић ; born 13 November 1993 ) is a Serbian football defender , who plays for Napredak Kruševac in Serbian First League .
Alfredo De Franceschini ( 12 December 1902 -- 11 June 1959 ) was an Italian professional footballer , who played as a midfielder , and football manager .
Juan Pablo Niño Castellano ( born 15 May 1978 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a left winger .
Darin Olver ( born March 5 , 1985 in Burnaby , British Columbia ) is a Canada - born German professional ice hockey left winger .
Traci Bartlett ( born 17 May 1972 ) is an Australian former soccer player who played as a defender .
Christopher Michael Wells ( born August 7 , 1988 ) , known as Chris Wells or Beanie Wells , is a former American football running back .
Adrian Olegov ( Bulgarian : Адриан Олегов ; born 1 May 1985 in Pernik ) is a Bulgarian football defender who currently plays for Minyor Pernik .
Fredrick Ogechi Okwara ( born 19 March 1989 ) is a Nigerian professional footballer who last played as a midfielder for Adanaspor in the TFF First League .
Michalis Morfis ( Greek : Μιχάλης Μορφής ) ( born January 15 , 1979 in Cyprus ) is a Cypriot footballer ( goalkeeper ) who plays for Doxa Katokopias in Cypriot First Division .
Khaled Al - Barakah ( Arabic : خالد البركة‎ ; born December 5 , 1990 ) is a Saudi football player who plays a defender for Hajer .
Jorge Luis da Silva Brum , best known as Pinga ( born April 30 , 1965 in Porto Alegre ) , is a former Brazilian footballer in the central - lateral defender role .
Antonio Bocchetti ( born 11 June 1980 in Naples ) is an Italian footballer who plays as defender for Salernitana .
Andréia Rosa de Andrade ( born July 8 , 1984 ) , known as Andréia Rosa , is a Brazilian football defender who plays for the Brazilian women 's national team and the Norwegian Toppserien club Avaldsnes .
Richard Sneekes ( born 30 October 1968 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch former footballer , who played as a midfielder .
Damiano Zanon ( born 2 September 1983 in L'Aquila ) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a defender for Serie B side Ternana .
Shem ( /ʃɛm/ ; Hebrew : שֵׁם , Modern Shem , Tiberian Šēm ; Greek : Σημ Sēm ; Ge'ez : ሴም , Sēm ; `` renown ; prosperity ; name '' ; Arabic : سام Sām ) was one of the sons of Noah in the Hebrew Bible as well as in Islamic literature .
Bilbo Baggins is the title character and protagonist of J. R. R. Tolkien 's 1937 novel The Hobbit , as well as a supporting character in The Lord of the Rings .
Joktan or Yoktan ( Hebrew : יָקְטָן , Modern Yoktan , Tiberian Yoqṭān , Arabic : يقطان‎ Yaqṭān ; literally , `` little '' ) was the second of the two sons of Eber ( Gen. 10:25 ; 1 Chr . 1:19 ) mentioned in the Hebrew Bible .
Major Bludd ( Sebastian Bludd ) is a fictional character from the G.I. Joe : A Real American Hero toyline , comic books and cartoon series .
Colonel Rosa Klebb is a fictional character and the main antagonist from the James Bond 1963 film and 1957 novel From Russia with Love .
The Naked World of Harrison Marks is a 1967 British documentary from George Harrison Marks .
The Romance of Maoriland was a 1930 New Zealand film , intended to be New Zealand 's first `` talkie '' film with Ted Coubrays Coubraytone sound system , though also having intertitles .
The Flying Scissors is a 2009 mockumentary that follows eight entrants in the a fictional National Rock Paper Scissors League ( NRPSL ) Championship .
Café paraíso ( `` Paradise Café '' ) is a 2008 Mexican short film directed and written by Alonso Ruiz Palacios .
The Tree 's Knees is a 1931 one - reel short subject featuring Bosko , part of the Looney Tunes series .
The Journal of Religious & Theological Information is a peer - reviewed academic journal published by Routledge that covers research in the field of library and information studies as relating to religious studies and related fields , including philosophy , ethnic studies , anthropology , sociology , and history .
The Journal of NeuroInterventional Surgery is a peer - reviewed medical journal published by the BMJ Group covering the field of neurointerventional surgery .
Neuroscience & Biobehavioral Reviews is a peer - reviewed scientific journal covering behavioral neuroscience published by Elsevier .
The Harvard Asia Pacific Review is a biannual academic journal covering the Asia - Pacific Region and edited by students at Harvard University .
Traxxpad is a music application for Sony 's PlayStation Portable developed by Definitive Studios and published by Eidos Interactive .
Orville Taylor ( born 11 May 1970 ) is a retired male sprinter from Jamaica .
Tia Fuller ( born March 27 , 1976 in Aurora , Colorado ) is a saxophonist , composer , and educator , and a member of the all - female band touring with Beyoncé .
Aurora Reyes Flores ( born in Hidalgo del Parral , September 9 , 1908 -- Mexico City , April 26 , 1985 ) was a Mexican painter , as well as the first female exponent of Mexican muralism .
Duygu Ulusoy ( aka : Duygu Gül Ulusoy ; born April 24 , 1987 in Garmisch - Partenkirchen , West Germany ) , is a female Turkish skier competing in the alpine discipline .
Mitch Dielemans ( born 6 January 1993 in Geldrop ) is a male Dutch recurve archer .
Badureliya Sports Club is a first - class cricket team in Sri Lanka .
Mara Fullin ( born in Venice , 13 January 1965 ) is a former Italian basketball player .
Shi Tingmao ( Chinese : 施廷懋 ; pinyin : Shī Tíngmào ; born 31 August 1991 ) is a Chinese diver representing Chongqing diving team .
Kjøbenhavns Skøjteløberforening ( English : Copenhagen Ice Skating Club ) , commonly known as KSF , are a Danish ice hockey team in Copenhagen currently playing in the third tier Danish ice hockey league , the second division .
The 2007 Belgian Figure Skating Championships ( Dutch : Belgisch Kampioenschap 2007 ; French : Championnat de Belgique 2007 ) were the Belgian Figure Skating Championships of the 2006 - 2007 figure skating season .
Edward Fitzwilliam ( 1788 - -1852 ) was an actor of Irish descent and the husband of noted actress Fanny Fitzwilliam .
Jocelyn Wildenstein married Alec N. Wildenstein when they were both in their 30s .
Lillian Hoban ( May 18 , 1925 -- July 17 , 1998 ) was an American illustrator and children 's writer best known for picture books created with other writers including her husband Russell Hoban .
Ebba von Sydow got married to Johan Kleberg in January 2011 , the couple live in Stockholm .
Empress Xiaomucheng ( died 17 February 1808 ) was the first consort of the Daoguang Emperor of the Qing Dynasty .
Maha el - Samnah ( born 1957 ) has Canadian citizenship and is the widow of Ahmed Khadr , a prominent Egyptian - Canadian who allegedly worked for charities for Afghan refugees and was alleged to have been an al - Qaeda financier .
Jane Howard , Duchess of Norfolk ( née Bickerton ; 1643/4 - 28 August 1693 ) , was the wife of Henry Howard , 6th Duke of Norfolk .
Elizabeth Glaser ( née Meyer ; November 11 , 1947 -- December 3 , 1994 ) was a major American AIDS activist and child advocate married to actor and director Paul Michael Glaser .
In the same Magda Schneider married the Cologne restaurant owner Hans Herbert Blatzheim .
Margarethe von der Saale ( 1522 -- 6 July 1566 ) , was a German lady in waiting and noble , morganatic spouse by bigamy to Philip I , Landgrave of Hesse .
Véra Nabokov ( Russian : Ве́ра Евсе́евна Набо́кова ; 5 January 1902 -- 7 April 1991 ) was the wife , editor , and translator of Russian writer Vladimir Nabokov , and a source of inspiration for many of his works .
Candice Warner is the wife of Australian cricketer David Warner .
Salomea of Berg ( German : Salome von Berg , Polish : Salomea z Bergu ; c. 1099/1101 -- 27 July 1144 ) was a German noblewoman and , by marriage with Prince Bolesław III Wrymouth in 1115 , High Duchess of Poland until her husband 's death in 1138 .
Helena , daughter of Alypius was the wife of Constantine VIII , Emperor of Constantinople .
Mary Ann Angell Young ( June 8 , 1803 -- June 27 , 1882 ) was the second woman married to Latter Day Saint leader Brigham Young .
Maharani Bamba Duleep Singh ( born Bamba Müller ; July 6 , 1848 -- September 18 , 1887 ) was the wife of Maharaja Duleep Singh .
Anne and Viscount Anson were divorced in 1948 and on 16 September 1950 at Glamis Castle she subsequently married Prince George Valdemar of Denmark , upon which she became Princess Anne of Denmark .
John van Bruggen , a Canadian animation writer and director , is the husband and creative partner of Arna Selznick , the director of 1985 's The Care Bears Movie .
Margaret Fownes - Luttrell ( 7 February 1726 -- 13 August 1766 ) was an English artist and wife of Henry Fownes Luttrell .
Anna van Egmont ( March 1533 -- 24 March 1558 ) was a wealthy Dutch heiress who became the first wife of William the Silent , Prince of Orange .
Ebbe Rode was married to actress Helle Virkner .
Margaret of Prades ( 1388/95 -- 23 July 1429 ) was the queen consort of Aragon as a wife of the King Martin of Aragon .
Maud de Ufford , Countess of Oxford ( 1345/1346 -- 25 January 1413 ) was a wealthy English noblewoman and the wife of Thomas de Vere , 8th Earl of Oxford .
Dod Procter RA ( born Doris Margaret Shaw , 1890 - -1972 ) was an English artist , and wife of artist Ernest Procter .
During the Revolution , Suharto married Siti Hartinah ( known as Madam Tien ) , the daughter of a minor noble in the Mangkunegaran royal house of Solo .
Fred Raul ( March 20 , 1913 -- August 25 , 1985 ) , born Alois Greschitz , was an Austrian actor of Hungarian origin , best known for his marriage in 1968 to actress Marika Rökk .
She married the conductor and singing teacher Olaus Andreas Grøndahl in 1875 , and was generally known thereafter as Agathe Backer - Grøndahl .
Mabel FitzRobert , Countess of Gloucester ( 1090 -- 29 September 1157 ) was an Anglo - Norman noblewoman , and a wealthy heiress who brought the lordship of Gloucester , among other prestigious honours to her husband , Robert , 1st Earl of Gloucester upon their marriage .
Saira Elizabeth Luiza Shah died on 15th Aug 1960 , according to her tombstone in the Muslim section of the cemetery at Brookwood , Woking , Surrey , England where she , Ikbal Ali - Shah and other members of the Shah family are buried .
Born in Rio de Janeiro , Letícia Persiles has a son with her husband , the director Luiz Fernando Carvalho , who she met for the first time during the filming of the 2008 miniseries Capitu .
Aelia Paetina or Paetina ( fl . early 1st century CE ) was the second wife of the Roman Emperor Claudius .
Elizabeth Lilburne ( fl . 1641 - -1660 ) , born Elizabeth Dewell , was a Leveller and the wife of John Lilburne .
Maïwenn later had a son , Diego , with her second ex - husband , real estate developer Jean - Yves Le Fur , the former fiancé of Karen Mulder .
In 1875 , Henri Fantin - Latour married a fellow painter , Victoria Dubourg , after which he spent his summers on the country estate of his wife 's family at Buré , Orne in Lower Normandy , where he died on 25 August 1904 .
Marie de ' Medici ( French : Marie de Médicis , Italian : Maria de ' Medici ; 26 April 1575 -- 3 July 1642 ) was Queen of France as the second wife of King Henry IV of France , of the House of Bourbon .
Paolo Pasquale Peschisolido ( born 25 May 1971 ) , commonly known as Paul Peschisolido , is a Canadian association football manager and former player , and husband of Karren Brady , Baroness Brady .
She was once married to television personality Geraldo Rivera and has published under the names `` Edith Vonnegut '' , `` Edith Vonnegut Rivera '' and `` Edith Vonnegut Squibb '' .
She married Count Petar Zrinski of the House of Zrinski in 1641 and later became known as Katarina Zrinska .
Consort Yujiulü ( 郁久閭椒房 , personal name unknown ) ( died 452 ) , formally Empress Gong ( 恭皇后 , literally `` the respectful empress '' ) , was a consort of Tuoba Huang ( Crown Prince Jingmu ) , a crown prince of the Chinese / Xianbei dynasty Northern Wei .
Plectrude ( or Plectrudis ) ( died 717 ) was the consort of Pepin of Herstal , the mayor of the palace and duke of the Franks , from about 670 .
Frederick Kagan is married to Kimberly Kagan , president of the Institute for the Study of War .
Alex van Warmerdam is married to Dutch actress Annet Malherbe , who also plays parts in most of his films .
Li Shuxian aka Li Shu - Hsien ( 李淑賢 ; pinyin : Lĭ Shūxían ) ( 1925 -- 9 June 1997 ) was the fifth and last wife of Puyi , the last emperor of the Qing Dynasty in China .
Radhika Roy founded NDTV in 1988 along with Prannoy Roy .
Gertrude of Bavaria and Saxony ( 1152/55 - -1197 ) was a German noble , a duchess of Swabia as the spouse of Frederick IV , Duke of Swabia , and a Danish Queen consort as the spouse of King Canute VI of Denmark .
Jan Inge Hovig married the television chef Ingrid Espelid Hovig in June 1977 , just one week after the wedding ceremony he died of myocardial infarction
Michael IX Palaiologos married Rita of Armenia ( renamed Maria , later nun Xene ) , daughter of King Leo III of Armenia and Queen Keran of Armenia on 16 January 1294 .
Empress Li Fengniang ( 1144 - -1200 ) was a Chinese Empress consort of the Song Dynasty , married to Emperor Guangzong of Song .
Princess Ingeborg Magnusdotter of Sweden , ( b. 1277 , Sweden -- d. 5 April or 15 August 1319 ) , was a Danish queen consort , daughter of king Magnus III of Sweden and wife of king Eric VI of Denmark .
Adelaide Gail Zappa ( née Sloatman ; January 1 , 1945 -- October 7 , 2015 ) was the wife of musician and composer Frank Zappa and the trustee of the Zappa Family Trust .
Olivia Langdon Clemens ( November 27 , 1845 -- June 5 , 1904 ) was the wife of the famous American author Samuel Langhorne Clemens , better known as Mark Twain .
Alice Dudley , Duchess of Dudley ( née Leigh ; 1579 -- 22 January 1669 ) , also known as Duchess Dudley , was the second wife of the explorer Sir Robert Dudley .
Kamptobaatar is a Mongolian mammal genus from the Upper Cretaceous .
Acanthogonatus confusus is a mygalomorph spider of Argentina and Chile , its name referring to the confusion between this species and A. subcalpeianus .
Lactarius vinaceorufescens , commonly known as the yellow - staining milkcap or the yellow - latex milky , is a poisonous species of fungus in the family Russulaceae .
Micranthes ferruginea is a species of saxifrage known by the common names russethair saxifrage and rusty saxifrage .
Notocrater craticulatus is a southern , cold - water , deepwater species of limpet , a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Pseudococculinidae , one of the families of false limpets .
Geraldine Farrar ( February 28 , 1882 -- March 11 , 1967 ) was an American soprano opera singer and film actress , noted for her beauty , acting ability , and `` the intimate timbre of her voice . ''
Emma Nevada ( née Wixom ) ( 7 February 1859 -- 20 June 1940 ) was an American operatic soprano particularly known for her performances in operas by Bellini and Donizetti and the French composers Ambroise Thomas , Charles Gounod , and Léo Delibes .
David Banderali ( Palazzolo sull'Oglio , January 12 , 1789 - Paris , 13 June 1849 ) was an Italian tenor , popular in France in the nineteenth century .
Aida Navarro ( born October 17 , 1937 ) , is a Venezuelan mezzo soprano , born in Caracas .
Emil Scaria ( September 18 , 1838 -- July 23 , 1886 ) was an Austrian bass - baritone .
