author	Baddeck, And That Sort of Thing is a travel journal written by Charles Dudley Warner, the American author who co-wrote The Gilded Age:	Baddeck, And That Sort of Thing	Charles Dudley Warner
author	The Fire Eternal is a 2007 novel by English author, Chris d'Lacey.	The Fire Eternal	Chris d'Lacey
author	Mr Darwin's Shooter is a 1998 novel by Roger McDonald.	Mr Darwin's Shooter	Roger McDonald
author	Vote for Larry is a comedic political fictional romantic novel by Janet Tashjian.	Vote for Larry	Janet Tashjian
author	``Everyday Use'' is a widely studied and frequently anthologized short story by Alice Walker.	Everyday Use	Alice Walker
author	Harmful Intent (1990) is a novel by Robin Cook.	Harmful Intent	Robin Cook
author	Chronicles of Wormwood is a six-part comic book limited series written by Garth Ennis, drawn by Jacen Burrows, and colored by Andrew Dalhouse.	Chronicles of Wormwood	Garth Ennis
author	Alexandre le Grand is a tragedy in 5 acts (of 3, 5, 7, 5 and 3 scenes, respectively) and verse by Jean Racine.	Alexandre le Grand	Jean Racine
author	Prentice Alvin (1989) is an alternate history/fantasy novel by Orson Scott Card.	Prentice Alvin	Orson Scott Card
author	All Alone in the Universe is a children's novel by American author Lynne Rae Perkins.	All Alone in the Universe	Lynne Rae Perkins
author	The Physical Principles of the Quantum Theory (German: Physikalische Prinzipien der Quantentheorie) by Nobel laureate (1932) Werner Heisenberg and subsequently translated by Carl Eckart and Frank C. Hoyt.	The Physical Principles of the Quantum Theory	Werner Heisenberg
author	Dick Sand, A Captain at Fifteen (French: Un capitaine de quinze ans) is a Jules Verne novel published in 1878.	Dick Sand, A Captain at Fifteen	Jules Verne
author	Danny Deever is an 1890 poem by Rudyard Kipling, one of the first of the Barrack-Room Ballads.	Danny Deever	Rudyard Kipling
author	La vida inútil de Pito Pérez is a novel by Mexican author José Rubén Romero following the picaresque genre.	La vida inútil de Pito Pérez	José Rubén Romero
author	Fefu and Her Friends was the fourteenth play by Cuban American playwright María Irene Fornés, originally written and produced in 1977.	Fefu and Her Friends	María Irene Fornés
author	Las fuerzas extrañas (Spanish for: The Strange Forces) is a collection of short stories by Argentine writer Leopoldo Lugones, first published in 1906.	Las fuerzas extrañas	Leopoldo Lugones
author	Disgrace is a novel by J. M. Coetzee, published in 1999.	Disgrace	J. M. Coetzee
author	On Certainty (German: Über Gewißheit) is a philosophical book composed from the notes written by Ludwig Wittgenstein just prior to his death.	On Certainty	Ludwig Wittgenstein
author	The Lady in the Morgue (1936) is one of the novels by Jonathan Latimer featuring private detective William Crane.	The Lady in the Morgue	Jonathan Latimer
author	Until Thy Wrath Be Past (Swedish: Till dess din vrede upphör) is a 2008 crime novel by Swedish writer Åsa Larsson, fourth in the Rebecka Martinsson series.	Until Thy Wrath Be Past	Åsa Larsson
author	God's Spy is a 2007 bestselling thriller novel by Juan Gómez-Jurado originally published in Spain.	God's Spy	Juan Gómez-Jurado
author	The Disinherited is a proletarian novel written by Jack Conroy.	The Disinherited	Jack Conroy
author	Number 31328 (Greek: Το Νούμερο 31328) is an autobiographical novel by Elias Venezis.	Number 31328	Elias Venezis
author	Around the World in Seventy-Two Days is a book by journalist Elizabeth Jane Cochrane, writing under her pseudonym, Nellie Bly.	Around the World in Seventy-Two Days	Nellie Bly
author	Os Flagelados do Vento Leste (Portuguese meaning ``The Victims Of The East Wind'') is a novel published in 1960 by Cape Verdean author Manuel Lopes.	Os Flagelados do Vento Leste	Manuel Lopes
author	Flyy Girl is young adult/new adult literature and an urban fiction book written by Omar Tyree.	Flyy Girl	Omar Tyree
author	Don't Let the Pigeon Stay Up Late! is a bestselling children's picture book by Mo Willems.	Don't Let the Pigeon Stay Up Late!	Mo Willems
author	The Valkyries (Portuguese: As Valkírias; ISBN 978-0062513342) is a 1992 novel by Paulo Coelho.	The Valkyries	Paulo Coelho
author	Set This House on Fire is a novel by William Styron, set in a small village of the Amalfi coast in Italy, centred on the themes of evil and redemption.	Set This House on Fire	William Styron
author	The Spiritual Canticle (Cántico Espiritual), is one of the poetic works of the Spanish mystical poet St. John of the Cross.	Spiritual Canticle	John of the Cross
author	The Five Gold Bands is an early science fiction novel by Jack Vance, first published in the November 1950 issue of Startling Stories magazine.	The Five Gold Bands	Jack Vance
author	Corrie! is a comedy stage play written in 2010 by award-winning playwright and Coronation Street scriptwriter Jonathan Harvey.	Corrie!	Jonathan Harvey
author	``A Predicament'' is a humorous short story by Edgar Allan Poe, usually combined with its companion piece ``How to Write a Blackwood Article.''	A Predicament	Edgar Allan Poe
author	A Confederate General from Big Sur is Richard Brautigan's first novel, published in 1964.	A Confederate General from Big Sur	Richard Brautigan
author	The Virgin's Lover is a historical novel written by British author Philippa Gregory.	The Virgin's Lover	Philippa Gregory
author	For Love of the Game is a novel by American author Michael Shaara, published posthumously in 1991.	For Love of the Game	Michael Shaara
author	Le Papillon des étoiles (The Butterfly of the Stars) is a 2006 novel by French author Bernard Werber.	Le Papillon des étoiles	Bernard Werber
author	The Natural Economic Order (German: Die natürliche Wirtschaftsordnung durch Freiland und Freigeld; published in Bern in 1916) is considered Silvio Gesell's most important book.	The Natural Economic Order	Silvio Gesell
author	``The Ruum'' is a 1953 short story with a pursuit theme by the American author Arthur Porges and is probably his best known work.	The Ruum	Arthur Porges
author	The Stolen Bacillus and Other Incidents is a collection of fifteen fantasy and science fiction short stories written by the English author H. G. Wells between 1893 and 1895.	The Stolen Bacillus and Other Incidents	H. G. Wells
author	Fusion Fire is a science fiction novel by Kathy Tyers originally published in 1987, and later rewritten and republished in 2000.	Fusion Fire	Kathy Tyers
author	Conrad's Fate is a children's fantasy novel by British author Diana Wynne Jones published by Collins in 2005.	Conrad's Fate	Diana Wynne Jones
author	Pedro and Me is an autobiographical graphic novel by Judd Winick regarding his friendship with AIDS educator Pedro Zamora after the two met while on the reality television series, The Real World:	Pedro and Me	Judd Winick
author	The Complete Psionics Handbook was published as a 128-page softcover book by TSR, Inc., with design by Steve Winter, and monster updates by Blake Mobley.	The Complete Psionics Handbook	Steve Winter
author	The Warrior of World's End is a fantasy novel written by Lin Carter set on a decadent far-future Earth in which all the world's land masses have supposedly drifted back together to form a last supercontinent called Gondwane.	The Warrior of World's End	Lin Carter
author	Columbia & Britannia (2009) is an anthology of alternate history stories edited by Adam Chamberlain and Brian A. Dixon.	Columbia & Britannia	Adam Chamberlain	Brian A. Dixon
author	Religion and Nothingness (Japanese: Shūkyō to wa Nanika; the original title translates literally as ``What is Religion?'') is a 1961 book by the Japanese philosopher Keiji Nishitani.	Religion and Nothingness	Keiji Nishitani
author	'A Germ-Destroyer' is a short story by Rudyard Kipling.	A Germ-Destroyer	Rudyard Kipling
author	Dark Princess, written by sociologist W. E. B. Du Bois in 1928, is one of his five historical novels.	Dark Princess	W. E. B. Du Bois
author	Bestiario is a book of eight short stories written by Julio Cortázar.	Bestiario	Julio Cortázar
author	My Lost Mexico (1992) is a nonfiction account by American author James A. Michener about his endeavor to write a big novel about Mexico in the grand style of his other popular novels like Hawaii.	My Lost Mexico	James A. Michener
author	Half Past Human is a fixup science fiction novel by American author T. J. Bass, published in 1971.	Half Past Human	T. J. Bass
author	Mistress of Mellyn was the first Gothic romance novel written by Eleanor Hibbert under the pen name Victoria Holt.	Mistress of Mellyn	Eleanor Hibbert
author	The Four Loves is a book by C. S. Lewis which explores the nature of love from a Christian and philosophical perspective through thought experiments.	The Four Loves	C. S. Lewis
author	Double Persephone is a self-published poetry collection written by Canadian author Margaret Atwood in 1961.	Double Persephone	Margaret Atwood
author	Sky-Walk (alternatively Sky Walk, Skywalk, etc.) is the first completed novel by Charles Brockden Brown.	Sky-Walk	Charles Brockden Brown
author	My Wicked, Wicked Ways is an autobiography written by Australian actor Errol Flynn with the aid of ghostwriter Earl Conrad.	My Wicked, Wicked Ways	Errol Flynn	Earl Conrad
author	Two-Headed Poems is the eighth book of poems by Canadian author Margaret Atwood.	Two-Headed Poems	Margaret Atwood
author	Myths of the Near Future is a short-story collection by J. G. Ballard, first published in 1982.	Myths of the Near Future	J. G. Ballard
author	Basic Chess Endings (abbreviated BCE) is a book on chess endgames which was written by Grandmaster Reuben Fine and originally published on October 27, 1941.	Basic Chess Endings	Reuben Fine
author	Les Burgraves is a historical play by Victor Hugo, first performed by the Comédie-Française on 7 May 1843.	Les Burgraves	Victor Hugo
author	Culture and Imperialism is a collection of essays by Edward Said published in 1993.	Culture and Imperialism	Edward Said
author	Everything's Eventual is a collection of 14 short stories written by Stephen King and published in 2002.	Everything's Eventual	Stephen King
author	Book of Imaginary Beings was written by Jorge Luis Borges, published in 1957 under the original Spanish title Manual de zoología fantástica, and expanded in 1967 and 1969 in Spain to the final El libro de los seres imaginarios.	Book of Imaginary Beings	Jorge Luis Borges
author	Ranger's Apprentice is a series written by Australian author John Flanagan.	Ranger's Apprentice	John Flanagan
author	Immortality, Inc. is a 1959 science fiction novel by American writer Robert Sheckley, about a fictional process whereby a human's consciousness may be transferred into a brain-dead body.	Immortality, Inc.	Robert Sheckley
author	Paws and Whiskers is a 2014 fundraising anthology for the Battersea Dogs and Cats Home, featuring some of the best children's stories about cats and dogs of all time, selected by multi-award-winning and best-selling children's author Jacqueline Wilson, with illustrations by Nick Sharratt.	Paws and Whiskers	Jacqueline Wilson
author	The Swish of the Curtain is a children's novel by Pamela Brown (1924--1989).	The Swish of the Curtain	Pamela Brown
author	The Snow Empress is a 2007 mystery novel written by Laura Joh Rowland, set in the Genroku (AD 1688--1704) of historical Japan It is the 12th book in the Sano Ichiro series.	The Snow Empress	Laura Joh Rowland
author	Two Sought Adventure is a 1957 collection of fantasy short stories by Fritz Leiber.	Two Sought Adventure	Fritz Leiber
author	Islam and the West is a 1993 book written by Middle-East historian and scholar Bernard Lewis.	Islam and the West	Bernard Lewis
author	The Stars' Tennis Balls is a psychological thriller novel by Stephen Fry, first published in 2000.	The Stars' Tennis Balls	Stephen Fry
author	The Wallet of Kai Lung is a collection of fantasy stories by Ernest Bramah, all but the last of which feature Kai Lung, an itinerant story-teller of ancient China.	The Wallet of Kai Lung	Ernest Bramah
author	The Quants is the debut New York Times best selling book by Wall Street journalist Scott Patterson.	The Quants	Scott Patterson
author	Learned Pigs & Fireproof Women is a book written by stage magician, actor and writer Ricky Jay.	Learned Pigs & Fireproof Women	Ricky Jay
author	``The Day Before the Revolution'' is a Nebula Award-winning short story by Ursula K. Le Guin, first published in 1974.	The Day Before the Revolution	Ursula K. Le Guin
author	The Goops books, originally published between 1900 and 1950, were created by the artist, art critic, poet, author and humorist Gelett Burgess.	Goops	Gelett Burgess
author	The Morning of the Magicians, first published as Le Matin des magiciens, was written by Louis Pauwels and Jacques Bergier in 1960.	The Morning of the Magicians	Louis Pauwels	Jacques Bergier
author	The Law and the Lady is a detective story, published in 1875 by Wilkie Collins.	The Law and the Lady	Wilkie Collins
author	The Crisis and a Crisis in the Life of an Actress (Danish: Krisen og en Krise i en Skuespillerindes Liv) was a series of articles written by the Danish philosopher Søren Kierkegaard in 1847 and published in the Danish newspaper Fædrelandet (The Fatherland) in 1848 under the pseudonym Inter et Inter.	The Crisis and a Crisis in the Life of an Actress	Søren Kierkegaard
author	Mildred Keith is a children's novel series written by Martha Finley (1828-1909) between 1876 and 1894.	Mildred Keith	Martha Finley
author	The Third Culture is a 1995 book by John Brockman which discusses the work of several well-known scientists who are directly communicating their new, sometimes provocative, ideas to the general public.	The Third Culture	John Brockman
author	Smarakasilakal (Malayalam: സ്മാരകശിലകൾ, English: Memorial Stones) is a Malayalam novel written by Punathil Kunjabdulla in 1977.	Smarakasilakal	Punathil Kunjabdulla
author	The Poverty of Historicism is a 1957 book by philosopher Karl Popper, in which he seeks to persuade the reader of both the danger and the bankruptcy of the idea of historicism.	The Poverty of Historicism	Karl Popper
author	Abaddon's Gate is a science fiction novel by James S. A. Corey (pen name of Daniel Abraham and Ty Franck).	Abaddon's Gate	James S. A. Corey	Daniel Abraham	Ty Franck
author	Remedia Amoris (Love's Remedy or The Cure for Love) is an 814-line poem in Latin by Roman poet Ovid.	Remedia Amoris	Ovid
author	If They Give You Lined Paper, Write Sideways is a book by Daniel Quinn, author of Ishmael.	If They Give You Lined Paper, Write Sideways	Daniel Quinn
author	The Wheel of Darkness is a novel by Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child released on August 28, 2007 by Grand Central Publishing.	The Wheel of Darkness	Douglas Preston	Lincoln Child
author	Return to the Field (歸田賦) is a literary work written in the Chinese style known as a rhapsody, or fu style: it is by Zhang Heng (AD 78--139), an official, inventor, mathematician, and astronomer of the Han Dynasty of China (202 BC--220 AD).	Return to the Field	Zhang Heng
author	Written in the late 19th century by H. G. Wells and first published in The Butterfly (September 1899), (and collected in The Obliterated Man and Other Stories, (Dec 1925)) A Vision of Judgment is a short story in 9 sections.	A Vision of Judgment	H. G. Wells
author	Bloodchild and Other Stories is the only and rather brief collection of science fiction stories and essays by Octavia E. Butler.	Bloodchild and Other Stories	Octavia E. Butler
author	The Enemy Stars, written by Poul Anderson, is a science-fiction novel published in 1959 by J.B Lippincott in the US and by Longmans in Canada.	The Enemy Stars	Poul Anderson
author	The Bomber (Swedish: Sprängaren) is a crime novel by Liza Marklund about her heroine Annika Bengtzon.	The Bomber	Liza Marklund
author	DisneyWar is an exposé of Michael Eisner's 20-year tenure as chairman and CEO at The Walt Disney Company by James B. Stewart.	DisneyWar	James B. Stewart
author	Cry of Morning is a novel by the English-born author, Brian Cleeve.	Cry of Morning	Brian Cleeve
author	The Door Below is a collection of fantasy and horror and mystery short stories by author Hugh B. Cave.	The Door Below	Hugh B. Cave
author	``Extempore'' (alternate title ``The Beach Where Time Began'') is a science fiction short story written by Damon Knight.	Extempore	Damon Knight
author	Assassin's Quest is a 1997 fantasy novel by Robin Hobb, the third in her Farseer Trilogy and follows the exploits of FitzChilvalry Farseer.	Assassin's Quest	Robin Hobb
author	The Rise of Mormonism is a 2005 book by the sociologist of religions Rodney Stark.	The Rise of Mormonism	Rodney Stark
author	Monster Nation (2005) is a serial novel by David Wellington.	Monster Nation	David Wellington
author	The Question Concerning Technology (German: Die Frage nach der Technik) is a work by Martin Heidegger seeking to derive the essence of technology and humanity's role.	The Question Concerning Technology	Martin Heidegger
author	The Chequer Board is a novel by Nevil Shute, first published in the United Kingdom in 1947 by William Heinemann Ltd. The novel deals fairly with the question of racism within the US forces during World War II and portrays black characters with great sympathy and support.	The Chequer Board	Nevil Shute
author	The Still Alarm is a melodramatic play by Joseph Arthur that debuted in New York in 1887 and enjoyed great success, and was adapted to silent films in 1911, 1918, and 1926.	The Still Alarm	Joseph Arthur
author	Champions of Valor was published in November 2005, and was designed by Thomas M. Reid and Sean K. Reynolds.	Champions of Valor	Sean K. Reynolds
author	A Lineage of Grace is a series of five historical fiction novellas written by the American author Francine Rivers.	A Lineage of Grace	Francine Rivers
author	The Tibetan Book of Living and Dying, written by Sogyal Rinpoche in 1992, is a presentation of the teachings of Tibetan Buddhism based on the Tibetan Book of the Dead or Bardo Thodol.	The Tibetan Book of Living and Dying	Sogyal Rinpoche
author	The Degrees of Knowledge (French: Distinguer pour unir, ou Les Degrés du Savoir) is a 1932 book by Jacques Maritain, his major contribution to epistemology.	The Degrees of Knowledge	Jacques Maritain
author	Eloise in Moscow is the fourth of the Eloise series of children's books written by Kay Thompson and illustrated by Hilary Knight.	Eloise in Moscow	Kay Thompson
author	Tutankhamun and the Daughter of Ra is a novel written by Moyra Caldecott in 1989.	Tutankhamun and the Daughter of Ra	Moyra Caldecott
author	Did Marco Polo Go to China? is a 1995 book by Frances Wood, arguing that Venetian explorer Marco Polo never visited China as told, but travelled no further than Persia, basing his description of China on accounts from Persian travellers.	Did Marco Polo Go to China?	Frances Wood
author	Satori in Paris is a 1966 novella by American novelist and poet Jack Kerouac.	Satori in Paris	Jack Kerouac
author	Der perfekte Mord, published in 1961, is a detective fiction novel written by German author Frank Arnau.	Der perfekte Mord	Frank Arnau
author	The Confessions of a Young Man (1886 in French; 1888 in English) is a memoir by Irish novelist George Moore who spent about 15 years in his teens and 20s in Paris and later London as a struggling artist.	Confessions of a Young Man	George Moore
author	Northworld is a 1990 militaristic science fiction novel by David Drake set in a time when the Consensus rules everything except for Northworld, the missing planet.	Northworld	David Drake
author	Asimov's Chronology of the World by Isaac Asimov explains in chronological order important events that happened in our world from the Big Bang until the end of World War II. Each chapter covers a certain time period.	Asimov's Chronology of the World	Isaac Asimov
author	A Presumption of Death is a mystery novel by Jill Paton Walsh, based loosely on The Wimsey Papers by Dorothy L. Sayers.	A Presumption of Death	Jill Paton Walsh
author	The Shahnameh, also transliterated as Shahnama (Persian: شاهنامه‎‎ pronounced (ʃɒːhnɒːˈme), ``The Book of Kings''), is a long epic poem written by the Persian poet Ferdowsi between c. 977 and 1010 CE and is the national epic of Greater Iran.	Shahnameh	Ferdowsi
author	Wide Sargasso Sea is a 1966 postcolonial novel by Dominica-born British author Jean Rhys.	Wide Sargasso Sea	Jean Rhys
author	The War that Time Forgot was a comic book feature published by DC Comics beginning in 1960 in the title Star Spangled War Stories, created by Robert Kanigher, Ross Andru and Mike Esposito.	The War that Time Forgot	Robert Kanigher
author	``The Battler'' is a short story written by Ernest Hemingway, published in the 1925 New York edition of In Our Time, by Boni & Liveright.	The Battler	Ernest Hemingway
author	The three-volume Res gestae saxonicae sive annalium libri tres (``The Deeds of the Saxons, or Three Books of Annals'') is a chronicle of 10th century Germany written by Widukind of Corvey.	Res gestae saxonicae sive annalium libri tres	Widukind of Corvey
author	How the Self Controls Its Brain is a book by Sir John Eccles, proposing a theory of philosophical dualism, and offering a justification of how there can be mind-brain action without violating the principle of the conservation of energy.	How the Self Controls Its Brain	John Eccles
author	Justin Morgan Had a Horse is a children's historical novel by Marguerite Henry, illustrated by Wesley Dennis and published by Wilcox & Follett of Chicago in 1945.	Justin Morgan Had a Horse	Marguerite Henry
author	Uhritulet (Finnish: The Sacrificial Fires) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.	Uhritulet	Kaari Utrio
author	Catechismus in der windischenn Sprach or shortly Catechismus (Catechism, also known as Katekizem v slovenskem jeziku or shortly Katekizem in modern Slovene), is a book written by the Slovene Protestant preacher Primož Trubar in 1550.	Catechismus	Primož Trubar
author	``Robot AL-76 Goes Astray'' is a humorous science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov, originally published in the February 1942 issue of Amazing Stories and included in the collections The Rest of the Robots (1964) and The Complete Robot (1982).	Robot AL-76 Goes Astray	Isaac Asimov
author	The Septembers of Shiraz (2007) is a critically acclaimed debut novel by Iranian American author Dalia Sofer.	The Septembers of Shiraz	Dalia Sofer
author	Redemptoris custos (Guardian of the Redeemer) is the title of an apostolic exhortation by Pope John Paul II on Saint Joseph.	Redemptoris custos	John Paul II
author	My Present Age is the title of a Canadian novel by Guy Vanderhaeghe which was first published in 1984.	My Present Age	Guy Vanderhaeghe
author	A Semester in the Life of a Garbage Bag is a novel by Gordon Korman, a Canadian-born author who now lives in New York City.	A Semester in the Life of a Garbage Bag	Gordon Korman
author	Masters of Time is a collection of two science fiction novellas by author A. E. van Vogt.	Masters of Time	A. E. van Vogt
author	Horse Under Water (1963, ISBN 0-399-10419-4) is the second of four Len Deighton spy novels featuring an unnamed British agent protagonist (named Harry Palmer in the film adaptions).	Horse Under Water	Len Deighton
author	Warbreaker is a stand-alone fantasy novel written by American author Brandon Sanderson.	Warbreaker	Brandon Sanderson
author	The Willows at Christmas is a children's novel by English writer William Horwood, first published in 1999.	The Willows at Christmas	William Horwood
author	Anna of the Five Towns is a novel by Arnold Bennett, first published in 1902 and one of his best-known works.	Anna of the Five Towns	Arnold Bennett
author	Miss Viola Swamp is styled ``the meanest substitute teacher in the whole world'', in three children's picture books by Harry Allard and illustrated by James Marshall:	Miss Viola Swamp	James Marshall
author	The American Girl (Swedish: Den amerikanska flickan) is a 2005 novel by author Monika Fagerholm.	The American Girl	Monika Fagerholm
author	Reach for Tomorrow (ISBN 0-345-32651-2) is a collection of short stories by science fiction writer Arthur C. Clarke.	Reach for Tomorrow	Arthur C. Clarke
author	The Spirit of Dorsai is a collection of two science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson.	The Spirit of Dorsai	Gordon R. Dickson
author	In the DVD commentary, Frank Miller indicated that he was initially motivated to write That Yellow Bastard after his disappointment with The Dead Pool, the fifth and final film in the Dirty Harry series.	That Yellow Bastard	Frank Miller
author	Deep Secret is a fantasy novel by Diana Wynne Jones, published by Gollancz in 1997.	Deep Secret	Diana Wynne Jones
author	The Lies of Locke Lamora is a 2006 fantasy novel by Scott Lynch, the first book of the Gentleman Bastard series.	The Lies of Locke Lamora	Scott Lynch
author	Perverzion is a novel written by Ukrainian author Yuri Andrukhovych.	Perverzion	Yuri Andrukhovych
author	Firefox Down is a 1983 novel by author Craig Thomas.	Firefox Down	Craig Thomas
author	The Legacy of Muslim Rule in India is a book by the historian K. S. Lal published in 1992.	The Legacy of Muslim Rule in India	K. S. Lal
author	The Absence of War is a play by English playwright David Hare, the final installment of his trilogy about contemporary Britain.	The Absence of War	David Hare
author	The Web of Indian Life (1904) is a book written by Sister Nivedita.	The Web of Indian Life	Sister Nivedita
author	The Last Pin is a series of mystery stories by author Howard Wandrei.	The Last Pin	Howard Wandrei
author	Ecclesia in America is the apostolic exhortation written by Pope John Paul II, published on 22 January 1999.	Ecclesia in America	John Paul II
author	The Unadulterated Cat by Terry Pratchett, illustrated by Gray Jolliffe, is a book written to promote what Pratchett terms the 'Real Cat', a cat who urinates in the flowerbeds, rips up the furniture, and eats frogs, mice and sundry other small animals.	The Unadulterated Cat	Terry Pratchett
author	Keeping Faith (1999) is a novel by bestselling author Jodi Picoult about a custody battle involving a seven-year-old girl who may be seeing God.	Keeping Faith	Jodi Picoult
author	It's Been a Good Life (2002) is a book edited by Janet Asimov.	It's Been a Good Life	Janet Asimov
author	The Courtship of Princess Leia is a 1994 bestselling Star Wars book by Dave Wolverton.	The Courtship of Princess Leia	Dave Wolverton
author	Bird Neighbors, published in 1897, was the first major work by nature writer Neltje Blanchan.	Bird Neighbors	Neltje Blanchan
author	Proposition Player was a six-issue American comic book limited series created by writer Bill Willingham and artist Paul Guinan, published by the American comic book label Vertigo imprint of DC Comics.	Proposition Player	Bill Willingham
author	Trelawny of the 'Wells' is an 1898 comic play by Arthur Wing Pinero.	Trelawny of the 'Wells'	Arthur Wing Pinero
author	``Rogues in the House'' is one of the original short stories starring the fictional sword and sorcery hero Conan the Cimmerian, written by American author Robert E. Howard and first published in Weird Tales magazine c. January 1934.	Rogues in the House	Robert E. Howard
author	Notes from a Big Country, or as it was released in the United States, I'm a Stranger Here Myself, is a collection of articles written by Bill Bryson for The Mail on Sunday's Night and Day supplement during the 1990s, published together first in Britain in 1998 and in paperback in 1999.	Notes from a Big Country	Bill Bryson
author	The Gray Prince is a science fiction novel by Jack Vance, first published in two parts in Amazing Science Fiction magazine (August and October 1974 issues) with the title The Domains of Koryphon.	The Gray Prince	Jack Vance
author	The Pilgrim's Regress is a book of allegorical fiction by C. S. Lewis.	The Pilgrim's Regress	C. S. Lewis
author	Le Rouge et le Noir (French pronunciation: ​(lə ʁuʒ e lə nwaʁ); French for The Red and the Black) is a historical psychological novel in two volumes by Stendhal, published in 1830.	The Red and the Black	Stendhal
author	The Southpaw was the first of the Henry Wiggen baseball novels by Mark Harris, published in 1953.	The Southpaw	Mark Harris
author	The Fifth Child is a short novel by the British writer Doris Lessing, first published in the United Kingdom in 1988, and since translated into a number of languages.	The Fifth Child	Doris Lessing
author	Promise Not to Tell is a 2007 mystery novel with supernatural elements written by Vermont author Jennifer McMahon.	Promise Not to Tell	Jennifer McMahon
author	The Price of the Ticket is a collection of James Baldwin's writing that was published in 1985.	The Price of the Ticket	James Baldwin
author	The Variable Man is a novella written and sold by Philip K. Dick before he had an agent.	The Variable Man	Philip K. Dick
author	Return of the Brute is a novel written by Irish writer Liam O'Flaherty and published in 1929.	Return of the Brute	Liam O'Flaherty
author	The Original Adventures of Hank the Cowdog by John R. Erickson is the first book in the Hank the Cowdog series for children.	The Original Adventures of Hank the Cowdog	John R. Erickson
author	Benjamin's Crossing is a 1996 historical novel written by Jay Parini about the Jewish critic and philosopher Walter Benjamin, and his escape over the Pyrenees from Nazi occupied France into Spain.	Benjamin's Crossing	Jay Parini
author	Graphic Storytelling and Visual Narrative is a 1996 book by American cartoonist Will Eisner that provides an formal overview of comics.	Graphic Storytelling and Visual Narrative	Will Eisner
author	``Bluebeard'' (French: Barbe bleue) is a French folktale, the most famous surviving version of which was written by Charles Perrault and first published by Barbin in Paris in 1697 in Histoires ou contes du temps passé.	Bluebeard	Charles Perrault
author	La Sagouine is a play written by New Brunswick author Antonine Maillet that tells the story of la Sagouine, an Acadian cleaning lady from rural New Brunswick.	La Sagouine	Antonine Maillet
author	Combatting Cult Mind Control is a non-fiction work by Steven Hassan described as a ``Guide to Protection, Rescue, and Recovery from Destructive Cults.''	Combatting Cult Mind Control	Steven Hassan
author	``Sir Hereward and Mister Fitz Go to War Again'' is a 2007 fantasy novelette by Garth Nix.	Sir Hereward and Mister Fitz Go to War Again	Garth Nix
author	``Null-O'' is a 1958 science fiction short story by Philip K. Dick.	Null-O	Philip K. Dick
author	How We Decide, is a 2009 book by journalist Jonah Lehrer, that provides biological explanations of how people make decisions and offers suggestions for making better decisions.	How We Decide	Jonah Lehrer
author	The Discoverie of Witchcraft is a partially sceptical book published by the English gentleman Reginald Scot in 1584, intended as an exposé of medieval witchcraft.	The Discoverie of Witchcraft	Reginald Scot
author	The Bottle Factory Outing is a 1974 novel written by Beryl Bainbridge, it was shortlisted for the Booker Prize that year, won the Guardian Fiction Prize and is regarded as one of her best.	The Bottle Factory Outing	Beryl Bainbridge
author	The Bachelor Girl (French: La Garçonne) is a novel by Victor Margueritte first published in 1922.	The Bachelor Girl	Victor Margueritte
author	Michael Jackson's Dangerous Liaisons is a book by the writer and paedophile activist Tom O'Carroll, writing under the pen-name Carl Toms, in which he reviews all-extensively the controversially intimate relationships of the American singer Michael Jackson with young boys.	Michael Jackson's Dangerous Liaisons	Tom O'Carroll
author	Is That You, Herb? is a short story by author Ray Bradbury.	Is That You, Herb?	Ray Bradbury
author	Sundays at Tiffany's is a romance novel by the authors James Patterson and Gabrielle Charbonnet released on April 29, 2008.	Sundays at Tiffany's	James Patterson
author	``The Devil and Tom Walker'' is a short story by Washington Irving and King George that first appeared in their 1824 collection Tales of a Traveller, as part of the ``Money-Diggers'' section.	The Devil and Tom Walker	Washington Irving
author	Groenten uit Balen is a Flemish theatre play written by author Walter van den Broeck in 1972.	Groenten uit Balen	Walter van den Broeck
author	Paradise Lost is an epic poem in blank verse by the 17th-century English poet John Milton (1608--1674).	Paradise Lost	John Milton
author	Jacques the Fatalist and his Master (French: Jacques le fataliste et son maître) is a novel by Denis Diderot, written during the period 1765-1780.	Jacques the Fatalist	Denis Diderot
author	Imaginary Homelands is a collection of essays written by Salman Rushdie covering a wide variety of topics.	Imaginary Homelands	Salman Rushdie
author	Goodbye, Mickey Mouse is a historical novel by Len Deighton published on October 12, 1982.	Goodbye, Mickey Mouse	Len Deighton
author	The Integral Trees is a 1984 science fiction novel by Larry Niven (first published as a serial in Analog in 1983).	The Integral Trees	Larry Niven
author	Peter and Alexis (Russian: Пётр и Алексей) is a novel by Dmitry Merezhkovsky, written in 1903-1904 and first published in Nos. 1--5, 9--12, 1904, Novy Put magazine.	Peter and Alexis	Dmitry Merezhkovsky
author	Travel Scholarships (French: Bourses de voyage) is an 1903 adventure novel by Jules Verne.	Travel Scholarships	Jules Verne
author	The Man Who Went Back (1940) is an adventure novel by Warwick Deeping about a man who has a car accident in 1939 England.	The Man Who Went Back	Warwick Deeping
author	A Faint Cold Fear is the third novel in the Grant County series by author Karin Slaughter.	A Faint Cold Fear	Karin Slaughter
author	Memorandums taken on a journey from Paris into the southern parts of France and Northern Italy, in the year 1787, or Memoranda, is a text by Thomas Jefferson, written during a trip beginning February 28, 1787 from France to Italy.	Memorandums taken on a journey from Paris into the southern parts of France and Northern Italy, in the year 1787	Thomas Jefferson
author	Uncle Cleans Up (1965) is a children's story written by J. P. Martin as part of his Uncle series.	Uncle Cleans Up	J. P. Martin
author	Clybourne Park (2010) is a play by Bruce Norris written as a spin-off to Lorraine Hansberry's play A Raisin in the Sun (1959).	Clybourne Park	Bruce Norris
author	For Kings and Planets is a 1999 novel by Ethan Canin centering on two college students at Columbia University and following them through their intertwined lives.	For Kings and Planets	Ethan Canin
author	The Seed and the Sower is a book by South African writer Laurens van der Post, consisting of three interrelated stories blended into a novel, first published in 1963.	The Seed and the Sower	Laurens van der Post
author	Notes of a Son and Brother is an autobiography by Henry James published in 1914.	Notes of a Son and Brother	Henry James
author	A Pair of Aces is a collection of novellas and screenplays written by American author Joe R. Lansdale and Neal Barrett Jr. At this time it is only available as a Amazon Kindle e-book.	A Pair of Aces	Joe R. Lansdale
author	The Ichneutae (Ancient Greek: Ἰχνευταί, Ichneutai, ``trackers''), also known as the Searchers, Trackers or Tracking Satyrs, is a fragmentary satyr play by the fifth-century BCE Athenian dramatist Sophocles.	Ichneutae	Sophocles
author	The Princess Mayblossom is a French literary fairy tale written by Madame d'Aulnoy in 1697.	The Princess Mayblossom	Madame d'Aulnoy
author	``Where Love Is, God Is'' (sometimes also translated as ``Where Love Is, There God Is Also'' or ``Martin the Cobbler'') is a short story by Russian author Leo Tolstoy.	Where Love Is, God Is	Leo Tolstoy
author	Attentatet i Pålsjö skog (Attack in Pålsjö Forest in English) is a 1996 alternate history novel by Hans Alfredson.	Attentatet i Pålsjö skog	Hans Alfredson
author	Bridge of Ashes is an experimental science fiction novel by Hugo- and Nebula-award winning author, Roger Zelazny.	Bridge of Ashes	Roger Zelazny
author	The Cronin Omnibus is a single volume of three A. J. Cronin novels:	The Cronin Omnibus	A. J. Cronin
author	The Wonder of Women or The Tragedy of Sophonisba is an early Jacobean stage play written by the satiric dramatist John Marston.	The Wonder of Women	John Marston
author	The Victorian Chaise-Longue (1953) is a novella by the English novelist Marghanita Laski.	The Victorian Chaise-Longue	Marghanita Laski
author	Life of Constantine the great (Greek: Βίος Μεγάλου Κωνσταντίνου; Latin: Vita Constantini) is a panegyric written in Greek in honor of Constantine the Great by Eusebius of Caeserea in the 4th century AD It was never completed due to the death of Eusebius in 339.	Life of Constantine	Eusebius
author	William Shakespeare's Sonnet 43 employs antithesis and paradox to highlight the speaker's yearning for his beloved and sadness in (most likely) his absence, and confusion about the situation described in the previous three sonnets.	Sonnet 43	William Shakespeare
author	Voices of the Apalachicola is a book by Faith Eidse chronicling the history of the Apalachicola River in Northern Florida, United States.	Voices of the Apalachicola	Faith Eidse
author	Stop-Time, published in 1967, is a memoir by American author Frank Conroy, and tells the story of his poor childhood and early adulthood, growing up in New York City and Florida.	Stop-Time	Frank Conroy
author	Lady Audley's Secret is a sensation novel by Mary Elizabeth Braddon published in 1862.	Lady Audley's Secret	Mary Elizabeth Braddon
author	Magical Beginnings is an anthology of fantasy short stories edited by Steven H. Silver and Martin H. Greenberg, first published in paperback by DAW Books in February 2003.	Magical Beginnings	Martin H. Greenberg
author	Dark Apprentice is the second novel in the The Jedi Academy Trilogy by Kevin J. Anderson; many of the events of this novel are also described from the perspective of Corran Horn in I, Jedi.	Dark Apprentice	Kevin J. Anderson
author	``A Bathroom of Her Own'' is a short story by Robert A. Heinlein about a political campaign in the U.S. after World War II. Written in 1946, it was unpublished until printed in Heinlein's Expanded Universe (1980).	A Bathroom of Her Own	Robert A. Heinlein
author	Adventures in the Rifle Brigade is the name of two Vertigo comic book limited series created by writer Garth Ennis and artist Carlos Ezquerra.	Adventures in the Rifle Brigade	Garth Ennis
author	Za trochu lásky... is a Czech novel, written by František Kožík and published in 1997.	Za trochu lásky...	František Kožík
author	I quattro libri dell'architettura (The Four Books of Architecture) is an Italian treatise on architecture by the architect Andrea Palladio (1508--1580).	I quattro libri dell'architettura	Andrea Palladio
author	Cast of Shadows is a 2005 suspense novel by the American writer Kevin Guilfoile.	Cast of Shadows	Kevin Guilfoile
author	The Forgotten Soldier (1965), originally published in French as Le soldat oublié, is an autobiographical account of Guy Sajer's observations as a German soldier on the Eastern Front during World War II.	The Forgotten Soldier	Guy Sajer
author	The contents presented in Crossing the Threshold of Hope were originally intended to be broadcast as a live television interview with Vittorio Messori, an Italian journalist and writer.	Crossing the Threshold of Hope	Vittorio Messori
author	The Tragedy of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark, often shortened to Hamlet (/ˈhæmlᵻt/), is a tragedy written by William Shakespeare at an uncertain date between 1599 and 1602.	Hamlet	William Shakespeare
author	Dead Man's Land is a book by Robert Ryan, based in World War I. It involves Sherlock Holmes' sidekick, Dr. Watson (created by Arthur Conan Doyle).	Dead Man's Land	Robert Ryan
author	Deadly Perfume is a 1991 thriller novel written by Gordon Thomas.	Deadly Perfume	Gordon Thomas
author	The Banner of Joan is an epic poem by H. Warner Munn.	The Banner of Joan	H. Warner Munn
author	The Vanishers is the title of a spy novel by Donald Hamilton which was first published in 1986.	The Vanishers	Donald Hamilton
author	Everville is a novel by British author Clive Barker.	Everville	Clive Barker
author	The Corsican Brothers (French: Les Frères corses) is a novella by Alexandre Dumas, père, first published in 1844.	The Corsican Brothers	Alexandre Dumas
author	The Priest's Graveyard is a thriller novel by Ted Dekker, published in April 2011.	The Priest's Graveyard	Ted Dekker
author	The High Lord is the third book in The Black Magician series by Trudi Canavan.	The High Lord	Trudi Canavan
author	The Autumn Castle is a 2003 horror/fantasy novel by Kim Wilkins.	The Autumn Castle	Kim Wilkins
author	Fevre Dream is a 1982 vampire novel written by best-selling U. S. novelist George R. R. Martin.	Fevre Dream	George R. R. Martin
author	Le Château des cœurs (The Castle of Hearts) was a féerie by Gustave Flaubert, published in 1880 in the review La Vie moderne under the editorship of Émile Bergerat.	Le Château des cœurs	Gustave Flaubert
author	Dragons' Wrath is a novel by Justin Richards from the Virgin New Adventures starring the fictional archaeologist Bernice Summerfield.	Dragons' Wrath	Justin Richards
author	Granny Was a Buffer Girl is a realistic young-adult novel by Berlie Doherty, published by Methuen in 1986.	Granny Was a Buffer Girl	Berlie Doherty
author	``Venus and the Seven Sexes'' is a science-fiction story written by William Tenn in 1949.	Venus and the Seven Sexes	William Tenn
author	The First Chronicles of Druss the Legend is a fantasy novel first published in 1993 and was written by British author David Gemmell.	The First Chronicles of Druss the Legend	David Gemmell
author	Fudge-a-Mania is a 1990 children's novel by Judy Blume and the third in the Fudge series (fourth if Otherwise Known as Sheila the Great is counted as part of the series).	Fudge-a-Mania	Judy Blume
author	Ormayude Arakal (The Cells of Memory) is a collection of memoirs by Vaikom Muhammad Basheer originally serialised in Chandrika Weekly and published as a book by National Book Stall in 1973.	Ormayude Arakal	Vaikom Muhammad Basheer
author	Lulu Dark Can See Through Walls is a 2005 young adult mystery novel written by Bennett Madison.	Lulu Dark Can See Through Walls	Bennett Madison
author	Come Like Shadows is Volume VIII of the novel sequence Alms for Oblivion by Simon Raven, published in 1972.	Come Like Shadows	Simon Raven
author	The Disappearing Dwarf (1983) is James Blaylock's second published book, and the second of the trilogy that started with The Elfin Ship.	The Disappearing Dwarf	James Blaylock
author	The Road to Samarcand is a novel by English author Patrick O'Brian, published in 1954 and set in Asia during the 1930s.	The Road to Samarcand	Patrick O'Brian
author	Tecknens rike (lit. The Empire of Signs) is a 1989 book by Swedish author and sinologist Cecilia Lindqvist about the history of Chinese language writing.	Tecknens rike	Cecilia Lindqvist
author	Early Work is a poetry collection by Patti Smith, published in 1994.	Early Work	Patti Smith
author	13 Carat Diamond and Other Stories is a collection of short stories by Khin Myo Chit.	13 Carat Diamond and Other Stories	Khin Myo Chit
author	The Wishing Game is a psychological suspense novel by Patrick Redmond.	The Wishing Game	Patrick Redmond
author	An Experiment with an Air Pump is a play by British playwright Shelagh Stephenson inspired by the painting An Experiment on a Bird in the Air Pump by Joseph Wright.	An Experiment with an Air Pump	Shelagh Stephenson
author	The Phantom Blooper is a 1990 novel written by Gustav Hasford and the sequel to The Short-Timers (1979).	The Phantom Blooper	Gustav Hasford
author	``Fading Voices'' (Polish: ``Milknące głosy'') is an 1883 short story by the Polish writer Bolesław Prus, the leading representative of Realism in 19th-century Polish literature.	Fading Voices	Bolesław Prus
author	Elijah of Buxton is an award winning children's novel written by Christopher Paul Curtis and published in 2007.	Elijah of Buxton	Christopher Paul Curtis
author	Once Is Not Enough is a 1973 novel by Jacqueline Susann.	Once Is Not Enough	Jacqueline Susann
author	Beasts of Burden is a comic book series created by writer Evan Dorkin and artist Jill Thompson, and published by American company Dark Horse Comics.	Beasts of Burden	Evan Dorkin
author	The Sect of the Phoenix (original Spanish title: ``La secta del Fénix'') is a short story by Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges, first published in Sur in 1952.	The Sect of the Phoenix	Jorge Luis Borges
author	The Singular Life of Albert Nobbs (French: La Vie singulière d'Albert Nobbs) is a play by French author Simone Benmussa.	The Singular Life of Albert Nobbs	Simone Benmussa
author	Basic Theology (1986, 1999) is a Systematic Theology book written by Christian author Charles Caldwell Ryrie and published by Moody Publishers.	Basic Theology	Charles Caldwell Ryrie
author	Liebe zu Böhmen (1972) is an autobiography of the interwar leading tennis player and late writer Roderich Menzel.	Liebe zu Böhmen	Roderich Menzel
author	The Texas-Israeli War: 1999 is a 1974 science-fiction novel by Jake Saunders and Howard Waldrop.	The Texas-Israeli War: 1999	Jake Saunders	Howard Waldrop
author	From the Notebooks of a Middle School Princess is a 2015 children's novel written and illustrated by Meg Cabot and a spinoff of the author's popular young adult fiction series, The Princess Diaries.	From the Notebooks of a Middle School Princess	Meg Cabot
author	On Love and Death is a collection of essays written by Patrick Süskind concerning the connection between ``the two elemental forces of human existence.''	On Love and Death	Patrick Süskind
author	Black Workers' Struggle for Equality in Birmingham is a 2001 book written by David Montgomery, Professor of History Emeritus at Yale University, in collaboration with Horace Huntley of the Birmingham Civil Rights Institute.	Black Workers' Struggle for Equality in Birmingham	David Montgomery	Horace Huntley
author	The Mystery of the Stuttering Parrot by Robert Arthur, Jr. is the second in the Three Investigators series.	The Mystery of the Stuttering Parrot	Robert Arthur
author	Fables for the Frivolous is one of the earliest works by the American parodist Guy Wetmore Carryl.	Fables for the Frivolous	Guy Wetmore Carryl
author	Ika Musume (侵略!イカ娘, lit. Invade! Squid Girl) with the subtitle The invader comes from the bottom of the sea!, is a Japanese manga series by Masahiro Anbe, which began serialization in Weekly Shōnen Champion in July 2007.	Squid Girl	Masahiro Anbe
author	The Fall of the Towers is a trilogy of science fantasy books by Samuel R. Delany.	The Fall of the Towers	Samuel R. Delany
author	The Woman's Bible is a two-part non-fiction book, written by Elizabeth Cady Stanton and a committee of 26 women, published in 1895 and 1898 to challenge the traditional position of religious orthodoxy that woman should be subservient to man.	The Woman's Bible	Elizabeth Cady Stanton
author	Behind the Paint is the 2003 autobiography of American hip hop artist Joseph Bruce, better known as Violent J, one half of the Detroit, Michigan hip hop group Insane Clown Posse.	Behind the Paint	Joseph Bruce
author	I Am America (And So Can You!) is a 2007 satirical book by American comedian Stephen Colbert and the writers of The Colbert Report.	I Am America (And So Can You!)	Stephen Colbert
author	America, Empire of Liberty is the title of a radio series and book by historian David Reynolds about American history.	America, Empire of Liberty	David Reynolds
author	Future on Fire (1991) is a science fiction anthology edited by Orson Scott Card.	Future on Fire	Orson Scott Card
author	The Boy Who Dared is a 2008 novel by American children's author Susan Campbell Bartoletti.	The Boy Who Dared	Susan Campbell Bartoletti
author	The Languages of Pao is a science fiction novel by Jack Vance, first published in 1958, in which the Sapir--	The Languages of Pao	Jack Vance
author	Grunts! (1992) is the satiric fantasy novel by Mary Gentle.	Grunts!	Mary Gentle
author	Delicate Edible Birds is a short story collection written by Lauren Groff.	Delicate Edible Birds	Lauren Groff
author	Ray the Animation is a science fiction anime television series based on a manga by Akihito Yoshitomi.	Ray the Animation	Akihito Yoshitomi
author	Storm over Laos, a contemporary history was written in 1961 by Prince Sisouk na Champassak.	Storm over Laos	Sisouk na Champassak
author	The Bastard of Istanbul is a 2006 novel by Turkish bestselling female author Elif Şafak, written originally in English and published by Viking Adult.	The Bastard of Istanbul	Elif Şafak
author	The Tragedy of Mister Morn is a verse drama by Russian novelist Vladimir Nabokov.	The Tragedy of Mister Morn	Vladimir Nabokov
author	``How I Met My Husband'' is a short story written by Alice Munro, first published in 1974 as a part of her collection Something I've Been Meaning to Tell You.	How I Met My Husband	Alice Munro
author	The Difference Between the Democritean and Epicurean Philosophy of Nature (German: Differenz der demokritischen und epikureischen Naturphilosophie) is a book written by the German philosopher Karl Marx as his university thesis.	The Difference Between the Democritean and Epicurean Philosophy of Nature	Karl Marx
author	Arabia Through the Looking Glass is Jonathan Raban's first travel book, published in 1979, describing his travels in the Middle East, the Arab countries he visits and the people he meets along the way.	Arabia Through the Looking Glass	Jonathan Raban
author	Memed, My Hawk (Turkish: İnce Memed, meaning ``Memed, the Slim) is a 1955 novel by Yaşar Kemal.	Memed, My Hawk	Yaşar Kemal
author	``The Pool of the Black One'' is one of the original short stories starring the sword and sorcery hero Conan the Cimmerian, written by American author Robert E. Howard.	The Pool of the Black One	Robert E. Howard
author	``Little Herr Friedemann'' (orig. German Der kleine Herr Friedemann) is a short story by Thomas Mann.	Little Herr Friedemann	Thomas Mann
author	A Carne (in English: The Flesh) is a 1888 Naturalist novel by Júlio Ribeiro.	A Carne	Júlio Ribeiro
author	The Iliad (/ˈɪliəd/; Ancient Greek: Ἰλιάς Ilias, pronounced (iː.li.ás) in Classical Attic; sometimes referred to as the Song of Ilion or Song of Ilium) is an ancient Greek epic poem in dactylic hexameter, traditionally attributed to Homer.	Iliad	Homer
author	Devoted is the sequel to the New York Times bestselling novel Elixir by American entertainer Hilary Duff with Elise Allen.	Devoted	Hilary Duff
author	Dark Passage (1946) is a crime novel by David Goodis and was the basis for the 1947 film noir of the same name.	Dark Passage	David Goodis
author	The Lute and the Scars is a collection of stories by Yugoslav author Danilo Kiš.	The Lute and the Scars	Danilo Kiš
author	Portals of Tomorrow is an anthology of science fiction stories edited by August Derleth, intended as the first in a series of ``year's best'' volumes.	Portals of Tomorrow	August Derleth
author	For Whom the Bell Tolls is a novel by Ernest Hemingway published in 1940.	For Whom the Bell Tolls	Ernest Hemingway
author	The Peony Pavilion (Chinese: 牡丹亭; pinyin: Mǔdān tíng; Wade--Giles: Mu-tan t'ing) is a play written by Tang Xianzu in the Ming Dynasty and first performed in 1598 at the Pavilion of Prince Teng.	The Peony Pavilion	Tang Xianzu
author	The CIA and the Cult of Intelligence is a 1974 controversial non-fiction political book written by Victor Marchetti, a former special assistant to the Deputy Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, and John D. Marks, a former officer of the United States Department of State.	The CIA and the Cult of Intelligence	Victor Marchetti	John D. Marks
author	Honoured Enemy (or Honored Enemy in the US) is a fantasy novel by Raymond E. Feist and William R. Forstchen.	Honoured Enemy	Raymond E. Feist	William R. Forstchen
author	Los versos del capitán is a book by the Chilean poet Pablo Neruda, winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1971.	Los versos del capitán	Pablo Neruda
author	99 Coffins is a 2007 vampire novel written by David Wellington.	99 Coffins	David Wellington
author	The Lemon Table is the second collection of short stories produced by Julian Barnes, and has the general theme of old age.	The Lemon Table	Julian Barnes
author	On the Marble Cliffs (Auf den Marmorklippen) is a novella by Ernst Jünger published in 1939 describing the upheaval and ruin of a serene agricultural society.	On the Marble Cliffs	Ernst Jünger
author	The Martian Sphinx is a science fiction novel by John Brunner, writing under the pen-name of Keith Woodcott.	The Martian Sphinx	John Brunner
author	Miss Saigon is a musical by Claude-Michel Schönberg and Alain Boublil, with lyrics by Boublil and Richard Maltby, Jr. It is based on Giacomo Puccini's opera Madame Butterfly, and similarly tells the tragic tale of a doomed romance involving an Asian woman abandoned by her American lover.	Miss Saigon	Claude-Michel Schönberg	Alain Boublil
author	English Hours is a book of travel writing by Henry James published in 1905.	English Hours	Henry James
author	Lady Susan is a short epistolary novel by Jane Austen, possibly written in 1794 but not published until 1871.	Lady Susan	Jane Austen
author	Glory Road is a novel by Robert A. Heinlein, originally serialized in The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction (July -- September 1963) and published in hardcover the same year.	Glory Road	Robert A. Heinlein
author	``The Dust of Death'' is a science fiction/mystery short story by Isaac Asimov that was first published in the January 1957 issue of Venture Science Fiction Magazine and reprinted in the 1968 collection Asimov's Mysteries.	The Dust of Death	Isaac Asimov
author	``To a Mouse, on Turning Her Up in Her Nest with the Plough'' (Scots: ``Tae a Moose'') is a Scots poem written by Robert Burns in 1785, and was included in the Kilmarnock volume.	To a Mouse	Robert Burns
author	Wicked Appetite is a 2010 novel by Janet Evanovich set in Salem, Massachusetts.	Wicked Appetite	Janet Evanovich
author	Welcome to Alflolol is volume four in the French comic book (or bande dessinée) science fiction series Valérian and Laureline created by writer Pierre Christin and artist Jean-Claude Mézières.	Welcome to Alflolol	Pierre Christin
author	The End of Nature is a book written by Bill McKibben, published by Anchor in 1989.	The End of Nature	Bill McKibben
author	The Liezi (Chinese: 列子; Wade--Giles: Lieh-tzu) is a Daoist text attributed to Lie Yukou, a c. 5th century BCE Hundred Schools of Thought philosopher, but Chinese and Western scholars believe it was compiled around the 4th century CE.	Liezi	Lie Yukou
author	The Malcontenta is a 1995 Ned Kelly Award winning novel by the Australian author Barry Maitland.	The Malcontenta	Barry Maitland
author	Beyond the Dar Al-Harb is a collection of three fantasy and science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson.	Beyond the Dar Al-Harb	Gordon R. Dickson
author	``Drums of Tombalku'' is an American fantasy short story, one of the original ones written in the 1930s by Robert E. Howard featuring Conan the Cimmerian.	Drums of Tombalku	Robert E. Howard
author	The Love of a Good Woman is a collection of short stories by Canadian writer Alice Munro, published by McClelland and Stewart in 1998.	The Love of a Good Woman	Alice Munro
author	The Private Papers of Henry Ryecroft is a semi-fictional autobiographical work by George Gissing in which the author casts himself as the editor of the diary of a deceased acquaintance, selecting essays for posthumous publication.	The Private Papers of Henry Ryecroft	George Gissing
author	The Hills of Varna (published in the USA as Shadow of the Hawk) is a children's historical novel by Geoffrey Trease, published in 1948.	The Hills of Varna	Geoffrey Trease
author	``Zone of Terror'' is a short story by British author J. G. Ballard, first appearing in the March 1960 edition of New Worlds (Volume 31, Number 92) and then in the 1962 collection The Voices of Time and Other Stories.	Zone of Terror	J. G. Ballard
author	Nostradamus Ate My Hamster is a fantasy novel by British author Robert Rankin.	Nostradamus Ate My Hamster	Robert Rankin
author	The Cardturner is a novel written by Newbery Medal winner Louis Sachar and published by Delacorte Press in May 2010.	The Cardturner	Louis Sachar
author	Ayumi Hamasaki Bon or Ayu no Deji Deji Nikki is a photobook by Japanese pop singer Ayumi Hamasaki.	Ayu no Deji Deji Nikki	Ayumi Hamasaki
author	The Military Philosophers is the ninth of Anthony Powell's twelve-novel sequence A Dance to the Music of Time.	The Military Philosophers	Anthony Powell
author	Uncle Tom's Cabin; or, Life Among the Lowly, is an anti-slavery novel by American author Harriet Beecher Stowe.	Uncle Tom's Cabin	Harriet Beecher Stowe
author	Karanapaddhati is an astronomical treatise in Sanskrit attributed to Puthumana Somayaji, an astronomer-mathematician of the Kerala school of astronomy and mathematics.	Karanapaddhati	Puthumana Somayaji
author	``Beyond the Black River'' is one of the original short stories about Conan the Cimmerian, written by American author Robert E. Howard and first published in Weird Tales magazine, v. 25, nos. 5-6, May-June 1935.	Beyond the Black River	Robert E. Howard
author	Billion-Dollar Brain is a 1966 Cold War spy novel by Len Deighton.	Billion-Dollar Brain	Len Deighton
author	Officers and Gentlemen is a 1955 novel by the British novelist Evelyn Waugh.	Officers and Gentlemen	Evelyn Waugh
author	The Life of Castruccio Castracani (Italian Vita di Castruccio Castracani) is a short work by Niccolò Machiavelli.	Life of Castruccio Castracani	Niccolò Machiavelli
author	Blood, Sweat & Tea is a book by ambulance technician Brian Kellett, writing under the pseudonym Tom Reynolds, about life in the London Ambulance Service.	Blood, Sweat & Tea	Tom Reynolds
author	Crystal Boys (孽子, pinyin: Nièzǐ, ``sons of sin'') is a novel written by author Pai Hsien-yung and first published in 1983 in Taiwan.	Crystal Boys	Pai Hsien-yung
author	Last Human is the title of a 1995 science fiction comedy novel written by Doug Naylor.	Last Human	Doug Naylor
author	The Gown of Glory is a 1952 novel by the American writer Agnes Sligh Turnbull (1888--1982).	The Gown of Glory	Agnes Sligh Turnbull
award received	Ram Sarup Ankhi (Punjabi: ਰਾਮ ਸਰੂਪ ਅਣਖੀ) was a Sahitya Akademi Award winner Punjabi writer, novelist and poet of Punjab.	Ram Sarup Ankhi	Sahitya Akademi Award
award received	Gustave Tassell (February 4, 1926 -- June 9, 2014) was an American fashion designer and Coty Award winner who became a fashion star in the early 1960s with starkly refined clothes that appealed to women like Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, Greer Garson and Princess Grace of Monaco.	Gustave Tassell	Coty Award
award received	Alexander Panchenko (1953 in Chelyabinsk -- 2009 in Kazan) was a Russian chess Grandmaster and honoured coach who headed the All-Russian chess school.	Alexander Panchenko	Grandmaster
award received	In 2012 the three members of a-ha, Morten Harket, Magne Furuholmen and Paul Waaktaar Savoy, were appointed Knights of the 1st Class of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav for their contribution to Norwegian music.	Magne Furuholmen	Order of St. Olav
award received	Tony Tedeschi is an American pornographic film actor and AVN Hall of Fame inductee.	Tony Tedeschi	AVN Hall of Fame
award received	Karl-Heinz Wiebe (10 April 1916 -- 1 October 2012) was a German chief engineer on a U-boat in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Karl-Heinz Wiebe	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	He died while still serving in the department as a result of the Dutch Military Aggression II. Supeno is now regarded as a National Hero of Indonesia.	Supeno	National Hero of Indonesia
award received	The papal legate, cardinal Bonifazio Bevilacqua (1571--1627), who had commissioned these paintings, was so pleased that he invested Ventura Salimbeni with the Order of the Golden Spur, a very selective papal order.	Ventura Salimbeni	Order of the Golden Spur
award received	Hans Dortenmann (11 December 1921 -- 1 April 1973) was a German Luftwaffe ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes) during World War II. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.	Hans Dortenmann	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Thurman Ruth was inducted into the Gospel Music Hall of Fame.	Thurman Ruth	Gospel Music Hall of Fame
award received	Nona Gaprindashvili (Georgian: ნონა გაფრინდაშვილი; born 3 May 1941) is a Georgian chess player, the sixth women's world chess champion (1962--1978), and first female Grandmaster.	Nona Gaprindashvili	Grandmaster
award received	On May 7, 2014 Mustafa Dzhemilev has been awarded -- being thus its first recipient -- the Solidarity Prize by the Republic of Poland.	Mustafa Dzhemilev	Solidarity Prize
award received	Gu Xiaobing (Chinese: 谷笑冰; born July 12, 1985 in Xinghua, Taizhou, Jiangsu) is a Chinese chess player holding the title of Woman Grandmaster.	Gu Xiaobing	Woman Grandmaster
award received	Mustafa Şekip Birgöl was awarded in 1927 the Medal of Independence with red ribbon.	Mustafa Şekip Birgöl	Medal of Independence
award received	Otto Edler von Ballasko (29 April 1919 -- 5 February 2005) was a Bohemian German Luftwaffe bomber pilot and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.	Otto Edler von Ballasko	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Cerdas Barus (born 1 January 1961 in Karo, North Sumatra) is an Indonesian chess Grandmaster (2004).	Cerdas Barus	Grandmaster
award received	Ravi Arimilli (born 1963) is an IBM Fellow and Chief Architect.	Ravi Arimilli	IBM Fellow
award received	Vladimir Feldman (born 13 Sep 1959 in Zhitomir, Ukraine) is an Australian chess International Master (IM) and experienced chess coach.	Vladimir Feldman	International Master
award received	Lenty Frans (born 8 February 1994) is a Belgian model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Belgium 2016.	Lenty Frans	Miss Belgium
award received	Mika Karttunen (born 30 May 1981) is a Finnish chess player, International Master.	Mika Karttunen	International Master
award received	Geoffrey Dyer (born 1947, Hobart, Tasmania) is an Australian artist who won the Archibald Prize in 2003 with a portrait of Richard Flanagan.	Geoffrey Dyer	Archibald Prize
award received	Accelerando won the 2006 Locus Award for Best Science Fiction Novel, and the 2010 Estonian SF Award for Best Translated Novel of 2009.	Accelerando	Locus Award for Best Science Fiction Novel
award received	Vizeadmiral Kurt-Caesar Hoffmann (26 August 1895 -- 19 May 1988) was a Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross recipient during World War II and commander of the battleship Scharnhorst.	Kurt-Caesar Hoffmann	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	On 2 June 1982, Yad Vashem recognised Jan Karski as Righteous Among the Nations.	Jan Karski	Righteous Among the Nations
award received	Cay-Lorenz Baron von Brockdorff (25 August 1923 -- 11 September 1997) was a highly decorated Oberleutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II and a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Cay-Lorenz Baron von Brockdorff	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Major General Algernon Fuller became a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1941.	Algernon Fuller	Commander of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Leandro Katz's work has earned the Guggenheim Fellowship, the Rockefeller Foundation Fellowship, and the National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship, and he has received support from the New York State Council on the Arts, the Jerome Foundation, and the Hubert Bals Fund, Rotterdam International Film Festival.	Leandro Katz	Guggenheim Fellowship
award received	Jose Rodela (born June 15, 1937) is a U.S. Army veteran of the Vietnam War and a recipient of the Medal of Honor.	Jose Rodela	Medal of Honor
award received	Detlev Graf von Garnier-Turawa (24 September 1906 -- 27 June 1944) was a highly decorated Hauptmann of the Reserves in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Detlev Graf von Garnier-Turawa	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	General Sir Hugh Rowlands VC, KCB (6 May 1828 -- 1 August 1909) was a Welsh recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Hugh Rowlands	Victoria Cross
award received	Werner Stumpf (15 March 1917 -- 13 October 1942) was a German Luftwaffe ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II. Stumpf claimed 48 aerial victories, 2 over the Western Front, 23 over the Eastern Front and 23 over the Mediterranean Front.	Werner Stumpf	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Aleksandar Wohl (born 21 July 1963) is an Australian chess player, attaining the rank of International Master.	Aleksandar Wohl	International Master
award received	Sonia Rolt OBE (15 April 1919 -- 22 October 2014) was a campaigner for the Inland Waterways Association (IWA) of Great Britain and was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 2010 for her services to industrial archaeology and heritage.	Sonia Rolt	Officer of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Captain Jerauld Wright was awarded his first Legion of Merit in recognition of his participation in Operation Kingpin.	Jerauld Wright	Legion of Merit
award received	Krishna Sobti (Hindi: कृष्णा सोबती; born 18 February 1925) is a Hindi fiction writer and essayist, who won the Sahitya Akademi Award in 1980 for her novel Zindaginama and in 1996, was awarded the Sahitya Akademi Fellowship, the highest award of the Akademi.	Krishna Sobti	Sahitya Akademi Award
award received	In 1994, the Zapruder film footage was deemed ``culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant'' by the United States Library of Congress and was selected for permanent preservation in the National Film Registry.	Zapruder film	National Film Registry
award received	Kenichi Fukui was co-recipient of the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1981 with Roald Hoffmann, for their independent investigations into the mechanisms of chemical reactions.	Kenichi Fukui	Nobel Prize in Chemistry
award received	Necip Torumtay was decorated with the Turkish Armed Forces Medal of Distinguished Service.	Necip Torumtay	Turkish Armed Forces Medal of Distinguished Service
award received	Constantin Lupulescu (born 25 March 1984 in Buftea, Romania) is a Romanian chess Grandmaster (2006).	Constantin Lupulescu	Grandmaster
award received	Rajeshwari Sachdev is a Hindi film actress who is most known for her role in Shyam Benegal's film Sardari Begum (1996), for which she won the 1997 National Film Award for Best Supporting Actress.	Rajeshwari Sachdev	National Film Award for Best Supporting Actress
award received	Subbaraman Vijayalakshmi (born 25 March 1979) is an Indian chess player who holds the FIDE titles of International Master and Woman Grandmaster, the first female player in her country to achieve these titles.	Subbaraman Vijayalakshmi	International Master	Woman Grandmaster
cast member	Isabelle Adjani - Antonieta Rivas Mercado Hanna Schygulla - Anna Ignacio López Tarso - Vargas Carlos Bracho - José Vasconcelos Gonzalo Vega - Manuel Rodríguez Lozano Hector Alterio - León Diana Bracho - Juana	Antonieta	Ignacio López Tarso
cast member	So You Don't Know Korff Yet? (German:Nanu, Sie kennen Korff noch nicht?) is a 1938 German comedy crime film directed by Fritz Holl and starring Heinz Rühmann, Victor Janson and Franz Schafheitlin.	So You Don't Know Korff Yet?	Heinz Rühmann	Victor Janson	Franz Schafheitlin
cast member	Tall Story is a 1960 American romantic comedy film made by Warner Bros., directed by Joshua Logan and starring Anthony Perkins with Jane Fonda, in her first screen role, at the age of 22.	Tall Story	Anthony Perkins	Jane Fonda
cast member	Zombie Island Massacre is a 1984 horror film directed by John N. Carter and starring famed congressman's wife and Playboy model, Rita Jenrette.	Zombie Island Massacre	Rita Jenrette
cast member	Le Gang (Italian: La gang del parigino) is a 1977 French-Italian film starring Alain Delon.	Le Gang	Alain Delon
cast member	Les Trésors de Satan, released in the United States as The Treasures of Satan and in Britain as The Devil's Money Bags, is a 1902 French short silent film directed by Georges Méliès.	The Treasures of Satan	Georges Méliès
cast member	Living with Michael Jackson is a television film, in which Martin Bashir interviewed Michael Jackson over a span of 8 months, from May 2002 to January 2003.	Living with Michael Jackson	Martin Bashir
cast member	Con Games is a 2001 American direct to video action drama film written and directed by Jefferson Edward Donald, starring Tommy Lee Thomas, Eric Roberts, Martin Kove, Amy Fadhli, and the late Matthew Ansara.	Con Games	Eric Roberts	Martin Kove	Amy Fadhli	Matthew Ansara
cast member	The Manny (German: Der Nanny) is a 2015 German comedy film directed and co-written by Matthias Schweighöfer, starring himself as a greedy and super-busy real-estate developer, and Milan Peschel as a victim of his development who accidentally ends up babysitting his 2 children.	The Manny	Matthias Schweighöfer	Milan Peschel
cast member	Baby Brother is a 1927 American Our Gang short film featuring Oliver Hardy.	Baby Brother	Oliver Hardy
cast member	Assassination Games is a 2011 American action film directed by Ernie Barbarash, and starring Jean-Claude Van Damme and Scott Adkins.	Assassination Games	Jean-Claude Van Damme	Scott Adkins
cast member	The Ballad of Uhlans (Уланская баллада) is a 2012 Russian historical adventure film directed by Oleg Fesenko, and stars Sergei Bezrukov, Anna Chipovskaya, Anton Sokolov and Vladimir Gostyukhin.	The Ballad of Uhlans	Vladimir Gostyukhin
cast member	Beware of Pity is a 1946 British romantic drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Lilli Palmer, Albert Lieven and Cedric Hardwicke.	Beware of Pity	Lilli Palmer	Albert Lieven	Cedric Hardwicke
cast member	Liebe Dein Symptom wie Dich selbst! (German: Thou shalt love thy symptom as thyself; 1996) is a German documentary film about the Slovenian philosopher and psychoanalyst Slavoj Žižek.	Liebe Dein Symptom wie Dich selbst!	Slavoj Žižek
cast member	Big Hearted Herbert is a 1934 domestic comedy film starring Aline MacMahon and Guy Kibbee as a middle-aged couple.	Big Hearted Herbert	Aline MacMahon
cast member	What Next? is a 1928 British silent comedy film directed by Walter Forde and starring Forde, Pauline Johnson and Frank Stanmore.	What Next?	Pauline Johnson
cast member	Ti ho cercata in tutti i necrologi (``I've been looking for you in all the obituaries'') is an English/Italian dramatic film directed by Giancarlo Giannini.	Ti ho cercata in tutti i necrologi	Giancarlo Giannini
cast member	Jonas in the Jungle is a 2013 documentary film by Peter Sempel about the filmmaker Jonas Mekas.	Jonas in the Jungle	Jonas Mekas
cast member	Return to Action is a 1990 Hong Kong action film produced and directed by Chen Kuan-tai and starring Alex Man, Rosamund Kwan, Mark Cheng, Shing Fui-On and Chen himself in a supporting role.	Return to Action	Alex Man
cast member	The Purple Plain (aka Llanura Roja) is a 1954 British war film, directed by Robert Parrish, with Gregory Peck playing a Canadian pilot serving in the Royal Air Force in the Burma Campaign in the closing months of the World War II, who is battling with depression after having lost his wife.	The Purple Plain	Gregory Peck
cast member	Waking Madison, (originally titled Mad World), is an independent drama/thriller film written and directed by Katherine Brooks and starring Sarah Roemer and Elisabeth Shue.	Waking Madison	Sarah Roemer	Elisabeth Shue
cast member	Starring Rd Mochtar, Roekiah, and Eddy T. Effendi, it follows a masked man known only as ``Gagak Item'' (``Black Raven'').	Gagak Item	Rd Mochtar	Roekiah
cast member	Trial Without Jury is a 1950 American mystery film directed by Philip Ford and starring Robert Rockwell, Barbra Fuller and Kent Taylor.	Trial Without Jury	Robert Rockwell
cast member	Chasing Liberty is a 2004 American romantic comedy film directed by Andy Cadiff and starring Mandy Moore and Matthew Goode.	Chasing Liberty	Mandy Moore	Matthew Goode
cast member	Goodnight, Ladies and Gentlemen (Italian: Signore e signori, buonanotte, French: Mesdames et messieurs bonsoir) is a 1976 French-Italian comedy film starring Vittorio Gassman, Ugo Tognazzi, Nino Manfredi, Paolo Villaggio, Marcello Mastroianni, Senta Berger, Adolfo Celi and Felice Andreasi.	Goodnight, Ladies and Gentlemen	Vittorio Gassman	Ugo Tognazzi	Nino Manfredi	Paolo Villaggio	Marcello Mastroianni	Senta Berger	Adolfo Celi	Felice Andreasi
cast member	Trabbi Goes to Hollywood (English title: Driving Me Crazy) is a 1991 US comedy film directed by Jon Turteltaub, starring Thomas Gottschalk, Billy Dee Williams, Dom DeLuise, and James Tolkan.	Trabbi Goes to Hollywood	Thomas Gottschalk	Billy Dee Williams	Dom DeLuise	James Tolkan
cast member	Young Billy Young is a 1969 western movie starring Robert Mitchum and featuring Angie Dickinson, Robert Walker, Jr. (in the title role), David Carradine, Jack Kelly (who plays a villain and dresses exactly as he had for his role on television's Maverick), Deana Martin and Paul Fix.	Young Billy Young	Robert Mitchum	Angie Dickinson	Robert Walker	David Carradine	Jack Kelly	Paul Fix
cast member	Nicholas on Holiday (French: Les Vacances du Petit Nicolas) is a 2014 French family comedy film directed by Laurent Tirard, starring Mathéo Boisselier, Valérie Lemercier, Kad Merad, Dominique Lavanant, François-Xavier Demaison and Bouli Lanners.	Nicholas on Holiday	Valérie Lemercier	Kad Merad	Dominique Lavanant	François-Xavier Demaison	Bouli Lanners
cast member	From This Day Forward is a 1946 American drama film directed by John Berry, starring Joan Fontaine and Mark Stevens.	From This Day Forward	Joan Fontaine	Mark Stevens
cast member	The Green Cloak ia a surviving 1915 silent film mystery directed by Walter Edwin and starring Broadway stage actress Irene Fenwick.	The Green Cloak	Irene Fenwick
cast member	Let asfaltového holuba (``Fly of the Asphalt Pigeon'') is a 1991 Czechoslovak psychodrama, starring Ondřej Vetchý, Szidi Tobias, Roman Luknár and György Cserhalmi.	Let asfaltového holuba	Ondřej Vetchý	Szidi Tobias	György Cserhalmi
cast member	No One Killed Jessica is a 2011 Indian biographical thriller film starring Rani Mukerji and Vidya Balan, produced by UTV Spotboy and directed by Rajkumar Gupta.	No One Killed Jessica	Vidya Balan
cast member	8mm 2 is a 2005 direct-to-video It stars Johnathon Schaech and Lori Heuring.	8mm 2	Johnathon Schaech	Lori Heuring
cast member	Monster's Ball is a 2001 American erotic romantic drama film directed by German-Swiss director Marc Forster starring Billy Bob Thornton, Halle Berry, and Heath Ledger.	Monster's Ball	Billy Bob Thornton	Halle Berry	Heath Ledger
cast member	Bhuvana Oru Kelvi Kuri (English: Bhuvana is a question mark) is a 1977 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by SP. Muthuraman, starring Sivakumar, Rajinikanth and Sumithra.	Bhuvana Oru Kelvi Kuri	Sivakumar	Rajinikanth	Sumithra
cast member	A sequel to the 2008 film Ip Man, Ip Man 2 was directed by Wilson Yip and stars Donnie Yen, who reprises the leading role.	Ip Man 2	Donnie Yen
cast member	The Wannabes, (US title: Criminal Ways), is a 2003 Australian comedy film starring Nick Giannopoulos, Russell Dykstra, Isla Fisher, Ryan Johnson, Michael Carman, Lena Cruz, Tony Nikolakopoulos, Costas Kilias, Chantal Contouri and Felix Williamson.	The Wannabes	Nick Giannopoulos	Russell Dykstra	Isla Fisher	Ryan Johnson	Michael Carman	Lena Cruz	Tony Nikolakopoulos	Costas Kilias	Chantal Contouri	Felix Williamson
cast member	Professor Pyarelal is a 1981 Hindi film produced by TM Bihari and directed by Brij Sadanah and featuring Dharmendra, Zeenat Aman, Simi Garewal, Shreeram Lagoo, Amjad Khan and Nirupa Roy in the lead roles.	Professor Pyarelal	Dharmendra	Zeenat Aman	Simi Garewal	Amjad Khan
cast member	Shudhu Tumi is a 2004 Bengali film directed by Abhijit Guha and Sudeshna Roy, produced by Sagar Bhora and Siddhartha Bhora, and starring Prosenjit Chatterjee and Koel Mallick in the lead roles.	Shudhu Tumi	Prosenjit Chatterjee
cast member	Alien Hunter is a 2003 television science-fiction-thriller film, directed by Ron Krauss and stars James Spader, Carl Lewis and Leslie Stefanson.	Alien Hunter	James Spader	Carl Lewis	Leslie Stefanson
cast member	Starring Peter Coyote, Mel Smith and Billie Whitelaw, the film is adapted from Slayground, the 14th Parker novel (although the main character has been renamed to ``Stone'' in this adaptation), written by Donald Westlake under the name Richard Stark.	Slayground	Peter Coyote
cast member	Midnight Beating is a 2010 Chinese horror film directed by Zhang Jiabei and starring Hong Kong veteran actors Simon Yam and Francis Ng.	Midnight Beating	Simon Yam
cast member	The Man Without a Body (also known as Curse of Nostradamus) is a low budget 1957 British horror film directed by Charles Saunders and W. Lee Wilder and starring Robert Hutton, George Coulouris and Julia Arnall.	The Man Without a Body	Robert Hutton
cast member	Thee Kulikkum Pachai Maram is a 2013 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by duo M.Vineesh and M.Prabheesh, starring Prajin and Sarayu in lead roles.	Thee Kulikkum Pachai Maram	Prajin
cast member	She Knew All the Answers is a 1941 comedy film made by Columbia Pictures, directed by Richard Wallace, and starring by Joan Bennett and Franchot Tone.	She Knew All the Answers	Joan Bennett	Franchot Tone
cast member	Prison on Fire - Life Sentence is a 2001 Hong Kong crime thriller film directed by Edmond Yuen and starring Ben Wong, Iris Wong, Tommy Wong, William Ho, Lee Wai Kei, Chapman To and Bill Lung.	Prison on Fire - Life Sentence	Ben Wong
cast member	My Fan Ramu is a 2013 Malayalam film directed by debutant Nikhil K. Menon, starring Saiju Kurup and Rajeev Pillai in the lead roles.	My Fan Ramu	Saiju Kurup
cast member	Yathra (Malayalam: യാത്ര, meaning The Journey) is a 1985 Malayalam film directed by Balu Mahendra, and starring Mammootty and Shobana.	Yathra	Mammootty	Shobana
cast member	Let Us Live is a 1939 crime thriller film directed by John Brahm starring Maureen O'Sullivan, Henry Fonda and Ralph Bellamy.	Let Us Live	Maureen O'Sullivan	Henry Fonda	Ralph Bellamy
cast member	The Legend of Silk Boy is a 2010 Chinese animated film directed by David Liu and starring Jackie Chan.	The Legend of Silk Boy	Jackie Chan
cast member	Huns and Hyphens is a 1918 American silent comedy film featuring Larry Semon and Stan Laurel.	Huns and Hyphens	Larry Semon	Stan Laurel
cast member	Marguerite de Barbieux as Denise Desgranges Maud Richard as Germaine Montazon Séverin-Mars as Jacques Landauze / Dumontel Jean Toulout as Montazon	Jacques Landauze	Jean Toulout
cast member	Night in Manhattan (1937) is a short musical film, starring Glenn Ford and directed by Herbert Moulton	Night in Manhattan	Glenn Ford
cast member	Chaalis Chauraasi (Hindi: चालीस चौरासी; English: Forty Eighty Four), is a Bollywood crime comedy film directed by Hriday Shetty and starring Naseeruddin Shah, Atul Kulkarni, Kay Kay Menon and Ravi Kishan.	Chaalis Chauraasi	Naseeruddin Shah
cast member	The Stolen Kiss is a 1920 American silent film romance drama starring Constance Binney.	The Stolen Kiss	Constance Binney
cast member	Puli Vesham is a 2011 Tamil-language action film written and directed by P. Vasu, starring Karthik, R. K., Sadha and newcomer Divya Vishwanath in lead roles.	Puli Vesham	Karthik	R. K.	Sadha
cast member	The Last Rites of Ransom Pride is a 2010 American action-western film starring Lizzy Caplan and Scott Speedman in the title role.	The Last Rites of Ransom Pride	Lizzy Caplan
cast member	Deadly Visions is a 2004 made-for-television film starring Nicollette Sheridan, Gordon Currie, Sarah Deakins, Philip Granger, Haili Page and Frida Betrani.	Deadly Visions	Nicollette Sheridan
cast member	You're Next is a 2011 American independent black comedy slasher film directed by Adam Wingard, written by Simon Barrett, and starring Sharni Vinson, Nicholas Tucci, Wendy Glenn, A. J. Bowen, and Joe Swanberg.	You're Next	Sharni Vinson	Wendy Glenn	A. J. Bowen
cast member	Mash and Peas was a parodic sketch show written by and starring Matt Lucas & David Walliams.	Mash and Peas	Matt Lucas	David Walliams
cast member	Mummy & Me stars Urvashi and Archana Kavi in the main lead and the remaining cast include Kunchacko Boban, Mukesh, Lalu Alex, Shari, Janardhanan, and Anoop Menon.	Mummy & Me	Kunchacko Boban
cast member	Liberty Stands Still is a 2002 crime thriller drama film starring Wesley Snipes and Linda Fiorentino.	Liberty Stands Still	Linda Fiorentino
cast member	British Market is a 1998 Malayalam film directed by Nizar and starring Vijayaraghavan, Jagathy Sreekumar, Sudheesh and Anju Aravind in major roles.	British Market	Vijayaraghavan	Jagathy Sreekumar
cast member	Sing As We Go is a 1934 British musical film starring Gracie Fields, John Loder and Stanley Holloway.	Sing As We Go	Gracie Fields
cast member	They Fought for Their Country (Russian: Они сражались за Родину, translit. Oni srazhalis' za Rodinu) is a 1975 Soviet war film directed by Sergei Bondarchuk.	They Fought for Their Country	Sergei Bondarchuk
cast member	The King of the Kickboxers (also known as Karate Tiger V and No Retreat, No Surrender 4) is a 1990 martial arts film directed by Lucas Lowe and starring Loren Avedon as Jake Donahue and Billy Blanks as Khan.	The King of the Kickboxers	Loren Avedon	Billy Blanks
cast member	Adventures of a Plumber's Mate is a 1978 British sex comedy film starring Christopher Neil as Sid South.	Adventures of a Plumber's Mate	Christopher Neil
cast member	The Soul of Nigger Charley is a 1973 blaxploitation western film directed by Larry Spangler and starring Fred Williamson.	The Soul of Nigger Charley	Fred Williamson
cast member	Who Was the Man? is a 1921 American short Western film directed by Lee Kohlmar, released by Universal Film Mfg. Co. and featuring Hoot Gibson.	Who Was the Man?	Hoot Gibson
cast member	Yesterday Was a Lie is a 2008 neo-noir film written and directed by James Kerwin and starring Kipleigh Brown, Chase Masterson, John Newton, and Mik Scriba.	Yesterday Was a Lie	Kipleigh Brown	Chase Masterson
cast member	Bengal Brigade (also known as Bengal Rifles) is a 1954 American action film directed by Laslo Benedek and starring Rock Hudson, Arlene Dahl and Ursula Thiess.	Bengal Brigade	Rock Hudson	Arlene Dahl
cast member	Dudde Doddappa (Kannada: ದುಡ್ಡೇ ದೊಡ್ಡಪ್ಪ) is a 1966 Indian Kannada film, directed and produced by B. R. Panthulu.	Dudde Doddappa	B. R. Panthulu
cast member	City Guys was mainly centered on its two main characters, Jamal Grant (Wesley Jonathan) and Chris Anderson (Scott Whyte), two teenagers from different backgrounds --	City Guys	Wesley Jonathan	Scott Whyte
cast member	Battle of the Worlds (Italian: Il Pianeta degli uomini spenti) is a 1961 Italian science fiction film directed by Antonio Margheriti, starring Claude Rains, Bill Carter and Maya Brent.	Battle of the Worlds	Claude Rains
cast member	The Man Who Walked Through the Wall (German: Ein Mann geht durch die Wand) is a 1959 West German comedy film directed by Ladislao Vajda, starring Heinz Rühmann and Nicole Courcel.	The Man Who Walked Through the Wall	Heinz Rühmann	Nicole Courcel
cast member	Love & Distrust is a 2010 direct-to-video romance film starring Robert Pattinson, Amy Adams, Sam Worthington, Robert Downey, Jr. and James Franco.	Love & Distrust	Robert Pattinson	Amy Adams	Sam Worthington	Robert Downey, Jr.	James Franco
cast member	Venicile Vyapari, (English: The Merchant of Venice) is a 2011 Malayalam film directed by Shafi, starring Mammootty, Kavya Madhavan and Poonam Bajwa.	Venicile Vyapari	Mammootty
cast member	Lord Jeff is a 1938 film starring Freddie Bartholomew as a spoiled orphan who gets mixed up with some crooks, but gets set straight by a stint in a school.	Lord Jeff	Freddie Bartholomew
cast member	Miracle Run is a 2004 Lifetime Television film starring Mary-Louise Parker, Zac Efron, Bubba Lewis, Aidan Quinn and Alicia Morton	Miracle Run	Mary-Louise Parker
cast member	Big Bad Love is a 2001 film directed by Arliss Howard, who co-wrote the script with his brother, James Howard, based on a collection of short stories of the same name by Larry Brown.	Big Bad Love	Arliss Howard
cast member	Heartbreak Library (Hangul: 그 남자의 책 198쪽; RR: Geu Namjaui Chaek 198-jjeuk; lit. ``Page 198 of That Man's Book'') is a 2008 South Korean romantic drama film starring Lee Dong-wook and Eugene.	Heartbreak Library	Lee Dong-wook
cast member	The Perfect Age of Rock 'n' Roll is a music-themed drama film starring Kevin Zegers and Jason Ritter and directed by Scott Rosenbaum.	The Perfect Age of Rock 'n' Roll	Kevin Zegers	Jason Ritter
cast member	A Funny Mahometan (French: Le Musulman rigolo) was an 1897 short silent comedy film directed by Georges Méliès.	A Funny Mahometan	Georges Méliès
cast member	Re-cycle (Cantonese: 鬼域 Gwai wik) is a 2006 horror film directed by the Pang Brothers and starring Angelica Lee.	Re-cycle	Angelica Lee
cast member	Sarah Snook as Jessie Laurent Mark Webber as Preston Sanders David Andrews as Leon Laurent Joelle Carter as Kate Laurent Ana de la Reguera as Rosaura Amber Stevens as Jessabelle Larisa Oleynik as Samantha Chris Ellis as Sheriff Pruitt Brian Hallisay as Mark Lucius Baston as Mr. Woods Jason Davis as Surgeon Vaughan Wilson as Moses	Jessabelle	Larisa Oleynik
cast member	The Most Hated Family in America is a 2007 BBC documentary film written and presented by Louis Theroux about the family at the core of the Westboro Baptist Church.	The Most Hated Family in America	Louis Theroux
cast member	Three on a Limb is a 1936 American short comedy film directed by Charles Lamont and starring Buster Keaton.	Three on a Limb	Buster Keaton
cast member	Marianne and Juliane also marked the first time that von Trotta worked with Barbara Sukowa.	Marianne and Juliane	Barbara Sukowa
cast member	The Redemption of a Pal is a 1914 American silent drama short directed by Henry Otto starring Edith Borella, Charlotte Burton, George Field, Winifred Greenwood and Edward Coxen.	The Redemption of a Pal	Edith Borella	Charlotte Burton	George Field	Winifred Greenwood	Edward Coxen
cast member	Aayiram Vilakku (English: Thousand Lights) is a 2011 Indian Tamil action film directed by S.P.Hosimin, in his second venture, starring Sathyaraj and Shanthnoo in the lead roles, whilst, Sana Khan and Suman play pivotal roles.	Aayiram Vilakku	Sathyaraj	Sana Khan	Suman
cast member	When Zachary Beaver Came to Town is a 2003 comedy-drama film starring Jonathan Lipnicki and Cody Linley.	When Zachary Beaver Came to Town	Jonathan Lipnicki	Cody Linley
cast member	The Big Cage is a 1933 American Pre-Code circus film released by Universal Pictures starring Clyde Beatty and Anita Page and featuring Raymond Hatton, Wallace Ford, Andy Devine and Mickey Rooney, with Walter Brennan and Louise Beavers in bit roles.	The Big Cage	Clyde Beatty	Anita Page	Raymond Hatton	Mickey Rooney
cast member	El Cantante is a 2006 biographical film which stars singers Marc Anthony and Jennifer Lopez.	El Cantante	Marc Anthony	Jennifer Lopez
cast member	Swantham Bharya Zindabad (Malayalam: സ്വന്തം ഭാര്യ സിന്ദാബാദ്‌) is a 2010 Malayalam film produced by Rafi Mathira under the banner IFAR INTERNATIONAL and directed by Biju Vattappara, starring Guinnes Pakru, Mukesh and Sruthilakshmi in the lead roles.	Swantham Bharya Zindabad	Mukesh
cast member	Ten Benny is a 1995 film directed by Eric Bross, and stars Adrien Brody.	Ten Benny	Adrien Brody
cast member	Dirty Heroes, also known as From Hell to Victory and Heroes Five (Italian: Dalle Ardenne all'inferno), is a 1967 Italian ``macaroni combat'' war film directed by Alberto De Martino and starring Frederick Stafford.	Dirty Heroes	Frederick Stafford
cast member	Monrak luk thung (Thai: มนต์รักลูกทุ่ง, or Magical Love in the Countryside or Wonder of Luk Thung) is a 1970 musical-comedy-romance film directed by Rungsri Tassanapuk and starring Mitr Chaibancha and Petchara Chaowarat.	Monrak luk thung	Mitr Chaibancha	Petchara Chaowarat
cast member	When London Sleeps (1932) is a British crime film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Harold French, Francis L. Sullivan, Diana Beaumont and René Ray.	When London Sleeps	Harold French	Francis L. Sullivan
cast member	Heavy Metal in Baghdad is a 2007 rockumentary film following filmmakers Eddy Moretti and Suroosh Alvi as they track down the Iraqi heavy metal band Acrassicauda amidst the Iraq War.	Heavy Metal in Baghdad	Acrassicauda
cast member	Humanoids from the Deep, also known as Monster in Europe and Japan, is a 1980 American science fiction monster movie starring Doug McClure, Ann Turkel, and Vic Morrow.	Humanoids from the Deep	Doug McClure	Vic Morrow
cast member	Queen of Blood is a 1966 color science fiction-horror film, produced by George Edwards and Samuel Z. Arkoff, directed by Curtis Harrington, and starring John Saxon, Basil Rathbone, Dennis Hopper, and Judi Meredith.	Queen of Blood	John Saxon	Basil Rathbone	Dennis Hopper	Judi Meredith
cast member	Aata Bombata (Kannada: ಆಟ ಬೊಂಬಾಟ) is a 1990 Indian Kannada language film directed by B. C. Gowrishankar starring Shankar Nag and Srilatha in the lead roles.	Aata Bombata	Shankar Nag
cast member	Haan Maine Bhi Pyaar Kiya (Yes I Have Loved As Well) is a 2002 Bollywood romantic drama film starring Akshay Kumar, Abhishek Bachchan and Karisma Kapoor.	Haan Maine Bhi Pyaar Kiya	Akshay Kumar	Abhishek Bachchan	Karisma Kapoor
cast member	Andleeb is a Pakistani Urdu colour film starring Waheed Murad, Shabnam, Aliya, Lehri, Mustafa Qureshi, Ibrahim Nafees, Talish, ``Baby Jugnu'' Durdana and many others.	Andleeb	Waheed Murad	Shabnam	Mustafa Qureshi	Talish
cast member	Lillian Gish - Eleanor Butterworth Henry B. Walthall - Lord Chumley Mary Alden Walter Miller Charles Hill Mailes William J. Butler Thornton Cole Helen Hart Laura La Varnie Gus Pixley José Ruben Charles West - Undetermined Role	Lord Chumley	Lillian Gish	Mary Alden Walter Miller Charles Hill Mailes William J. Butler	Charles West
cast member	The Old Dark House is a 1932 American Pre-Code comedy horror film directed by James Whale and starring Boris Karloff.	The Old Dark House	Boris Karloff
cast member	The Bone Collector is a 1999 psychological thriller film starring Denzel Washington and Angelina Jolie, directed by Phillip Noyce and produced by Martin Bregman.	The Bone Collector	Denzel Washington	Angelina Jolie
cast member	These Dangerous Years (AKA Dangerous Youth) is a 1957 British comedy musical film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring George Baker, Frankie Vaughan, Carole Lesley, Thora Hird, Kenneth Cope, David Lodge and John Le Mesurier.	These Dangerous Years	George Baker	Frankie Vaughan	Carole Lesley	Thora Hird	Kenneth Cope	David Lodge	John Le Mesurier
cast member	Bench Talkies - The First Bench is a 2015 independent Tamil anthology film written and directed by six directors such as Karthik Subbaraj, Anil Krishnan, Gopakumar, Charukesh Sekar, Monesh and Rathnakumar R M. The film features an ensemble cast including Vijay Sethupathi, Guru Somasundharam, Sananth Reddy, Rishikanth Rajendran.	Bench Talkies - The First Bench	Vijay Sethupathi
cast member	If You See God, Tell Him is a black comedy television series starring Richard Briers, Adrian Edmondson, and Imelda Staunton.	If You See God, Tell Him	Richard Briers	Imelda Staunton
cast member	The Man from Beyond is a 1922 film starring Harry Houdini as a man found frozen in arctic ice who is brought back to life.	The Man from Beyond	Harry Houdini
cast member	Anandam (English: Happiness) is a 2001 Telugu romance film, directed by Srinu Vaitla and starred Jai Akash and Rekha Vedavyas in lead roles.	Anandam	Jai Akash	Rekha Vedavyas
cast member	Art of the Devil tells the story of Boom (Supaksorn Chaimongkol), a young Thai girl who meets a married man named Prathan (Tin Settachoke) at a country club.	Art of the Devil	Supaksorn Chaimongkol
cast member	Aag Ke Sholay (English translation - Flames of Fire) is 1988 Hindi Language Movie directed by S R Pratap and starring Hemant Birje, Gulshan Grover, Vijeta Pandit, Sumeet Saigal, Sripada, Rashmi Inder.	Aag Ke Sholay	Gulshan Grover
cast member	This Revolution is a 2005 political film starring Rosario Dawson.	This Revolution	Rosario Dawson
cast member	The Rainbow Thief is a 1990 film directed by cult filmmaker Alejandro Jodorowsky and written by Berta Domínguez D. It reunites Lawrence of Arabia co-stars Peter O'Toole and Omar Sharif in a fable of friendship.	The Rainbow Thief	Peter O'Toole	Omar Sharif
cast member	Socialphobia (Hangul: 소셜포비아; RR: Sosyeolpobia) is a 2015 South Korean thriller/drama film starring Byun Yo-han and Lee Joo-seung.	Socialphobia	Byun Yo-han
cast member	Other tenants in the building are Sandy Baron as comedian Chuck Hookstratten, Jack (Michael Constantine) who was a photographer, glamorous Theresa (Pamela Rodgers) and her roommate and best friend Kyoto (Miko Mayama), who frequently yells, ``Hey, Landlord!'' thus giving the show its title.	Hey, Landlord	Sandy Baron	Michael Constantine
cast member	Mistress of the World (German: Die Herrin der Welt, French: Les mystères d'Angkor, Italian: Il mistero dei tre continenti) is a 1960 German-French-Italian science fiction-spy film directed by William Dieterle and starring Martha Hyer and Carlos Thompson.	Mistress of the World	Martha Hyer	Carlos Thompson
cast member	Alraune, die Henkerstochter, genannt die rote Hanne (Alraune, the Hangman's Daughter, Named Red Hanna) is a 1918 silent science fiction horror film directed by Eugen Illés and Joseph Klein and starring Max Auzinger in which a Doctor uses the sperm of a dead man to impregnate a prostitute.	Alraune, die Henkerstochter, genannt die rote Hanne	Joseph Klein
cast member	Silent Gunpowder (Serbo-Croatian: ''Gluvi barut'') is a 1990 Yugoslavian war film directed by Bato Čengić, starring Mustafa Nadarević, Branislav Lečić, Fabijan Šovagović, Mira Furlan, Boro Stjepanović and Josip Pejaković.	Silent Gunpowder	Mustafa Nadarević	Branislav Lečić	Fabijan Šovagović	Mira Furlan	Boro Stjepanović	Josip Pejaković
cast member	Smokin' Stogies is a 2001 American crime film starring Frank Vincent, Tony Sirico, Joseph Marino and written and directed by Vincent Di Rosa.	Smokin' Stogies	Frank Vincent
cast member	Triplets on Board (German:Drillinge an Bord) is a 1959 West German comedy film directed by Hans Müller and starring Heinz Erhardt, Ann Smyrner and Ingrid van Bergen.	Triplets on Board	Heinz Erhardt	Ann Smyrner	Ingrid van Bergen
cast member	The Vegas Strip Wars (also called The Las Vegas Strip Wars) is a 1984 television movie directed by George Englund and starred Rock Hudson (his final television movie), Sharon Stone, James Earl Jones and Pat Morita.	The Vegas Strip War	Rock Hudson
cast member	Girls to Marry (German:Mädchen zum Heiraten) is a 1932 German romantic comedy film directed by Wilhelm Thiele and starring Renate Müller, Hermann Thimig and Wolf Albach-Retty.	Girls to Marry	Renate Müller	Hermann Thimig	Wolf Albach-Retty
cast member	Viruthan Shanku (Malayalam: വിരുതൻ ശങ്കു) is a 1968 Malayalam comedy film directed by P. Venu, starring Adoor Bhasi and Ambika in the lead roles.	Viruthan Shanku	Adoor Bhasi
cast member	Space Cowboys is a 2000 American space disaster drama film directed and produced by Clint Eastwood.	Space Cowboys	Clint Eastwood
cast member	Mundeyan Ton Bachke Rahin (English: Beware of Boys) is a Punjabi romantic comedy film starring Roshan Prince, Jassi Gill, Simran Kaur Mundi, Sunny Gill, Bharti Singh and Anshu (Preeto) Sawhney.	Mundeyan Ton Bachke Rahin	Roshan Prince
cast member	Aakhri Ghulam is a 1989 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Shibbu Mitra, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Raj Babbar, Sonam, Shreedhara, Shakti Kapoor, Moushmi Chatterjee, Anupam Kher and Anu Kapoor.	Aakhri Ghulam	Mithun Chakraborty	Raj Babbar	Sonam	Shakti Kapoor	Anupam Kher
cast member	Aunt Rachel is a 1920 British silent drama film directed by Albert Ward and starring Isobel Elsom, Haidee Wright and James Lindsay.	Aunt Rachel	Isobel Elsom	Haidee Wright	James Lindsay
cast member	Naked Girl Killed in the Park (Italian: Ragazza tutta nuda assassinata nel parco, Spanish: Joven de buena familia sospechosa de asesinato) is a 1972 giallo film directed by Alfonso Brescia and starring Robert Hoffmann.	Naked Girl Killed in the Park	Robert Hoffmann
cast member	The Brotherhood of Satan is a 1971 low-budget horror film written, produced and starring L. Q. Jones It was directed by Bernard McEveety and also stars Strother Martin.	The Brotherhood of Satan	L. Q. Jones	Strother Martin
cast member	Faith Under Fire is a television series that aired every Saturday at 10pm EST on PAX TV and was hosted by Lee Strobel.	Faith Under Fire	Lee Strobel
cast member	Big Miracle is a 2012 British-American family drama film starring Drew Barrymore and John Krasinski.	Big Miracle	Drew Barrymore	John Krasinski
cast member	Radar Secret Service is a 1950 action film starring John Howard, produced by Barney A. Sarecky and directed by Sam Newfield.	Radar Secret Service	John Howard
cast member	However, the character names and indeed their roles differ - Stanley Fung's character is the nominal ``leader'' of the quintet in Winners and Sinners, whereas Hung's character takes the mantle in the latter films.	Winners and Sinners	Stanley Fung
cast member	Bloodbath at the House of Death is a 1983 comedy horror film starring the British comedian Kenny Everett and featuring Vincent Price.	Bloodbath at the House of Death	Kenny Everett	Vincent Price
cast member	A Blueprint for Murder is a 1953 thriller film noir starring Joseph Cotten, Jean Peters, and Gary Merrill.	A Blueprint for Murder	Joseph Cotten	Jean Peters
cast member	Bridge over the Elbe or The Legion of No Return (Italian:Quel maledetto ponte sull'Elba, Spanish: No importa morir) is a 1969 Italian-Spanish war film directed by León Klimovsky and starring Tab Hunter, Howard Ross and Erika Wallner.	Bridge over the Elbe	Tab Hunter	Howard Ross	Erika Wallner
cast member	The Chief Cook is a 1917 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy.	The Chief Cook	Oliver Hardy
cast member	Harry Morgan, another cast member in The Mountain Road, later said he believed that Stewart made an ``exception for this film because it was definitely anti-war.''	The Mountain Road	Harry Morgan
cast member	The Gold Ghost is a 1934 short American comedy film starring Buster Keaton.	The Gold Ghost	Buster Keaton
cast member	Moment to Moment is a 1966 film directed by Mervyn LeRoy starring Jean Seberg as a married woman who has an affair which leads to murder.	Moment to Moment	Jean Seberg
cast member	These Thousand Hills is a 1959 Western film starring Patricia Owens, Alfred Hayes and Richard Egan, and based on the novel of the same name by A. B. Guthrie Jr..	These Thousand Hills	Patricia Owens	Richard Egan
cast member	Pure Country is a 1992 American dramatic musical western film directed by Christopher Cain and starring George Strait in his acting debut, with Lesley Ann Warren, Isabel Glasser and Kyle Chandler.	Pure Country	George Strait	Lesley Ann Warren	Isabel Glasser	Kyle Chandler
cast member	Kanthaswamy (Tamil: கந்தசாமி, Kantacāmi ?) is a 2009 Tamil language Action film written and directed by Susi Ganesan starring Vikram in the titular role.	Kanthaswamy	Vikram
cast member	North to Alaska is a 1960 comedic Western film directed by Henry Hathaway and John Wayne (uncredited).	North to Alaska	John Wayne
cast member	Thai Veedu is a 1983 Tamil language film directed by R. Thyagarajan, starring Rajnikanth and Anita Raj in the lead roles.	Thai Veedu	Anita Raj
cast member	Naa Illu (Telugu: నా ఇల్లు; English title: My Home) is a 1953 Telugu film produced and directed by Chittor V. Nagaiah.	Naa Illu	Chittor V. Nagaiah
cast member	Dad's Army deals almost exclusively with over age men, and featured older British actors, including Arthur Lowe, John Le Mesurier, Arnold Ridley and John Laurie.	Dad's Army	Arthur Lowe
cast member	The Sailor from Gibraltar is a 1967 British drama film directed by Tony Richardson and starring Jeanne Moreau, Vanessa Redgrave, Ian Bannen, Orson Welles and John Hurt.	The Sailor from Gibraltar	Jeanne Moreau	Vanessa Redgrave	Ian Bannen	Orson Welles	John Hurt
cast member	Old Mother Riley's Jungle Treasure is a low budget 1951 British comedy film, the penultimate in the long running Old Mother Riley series starring Arthur Lucan and Kitty McShane.	Old Mother Riley's Jungle Treasure	Arthur Lucan
cast member	Story of Kennedy Town (西環的故事) is a 1990 Hong Kong action drama film directed by Wu Ma and starring Waise Lee, Mark Cheng and Aaron Kwok as three close friends living in poverty whom decide to join the police force.	Story of Kennedy Town	Waise Lee	Mark Cheng	Aaron Kwok
cast member	When Empty Hearts Are Filled is a 1915 American silent short drama film directed by Archer MacMackin starring Louise Lester, Vivian Rich, and Harry von Meter.	When Empty Hearts Are Filled	Louise Lester	Vivian Rich	Harry von Meter
cast member	Kuch Naa Kaho (Hindi: कुछ ना कहो, translation: Don't Say Anything) is a 2003 Bollywood romantic drama film, directed by Rohan Sippy, starring Abhishek Bachchan, Aishwarya Rai and Arbaaz Khan.	Kuch Naa Kaho	Abhishek Bachchan	Aishwarya Rai	Arbaaz Khan
cast member	Adiverukal is a 1986 Indian Malayalam film, produced by Mohanlal and Kochumon and directed by P. Anil, who later became famous as Douthyam Anil.	Adiverukal	Mohanlal
cast member	Homesick for St. Pauli (German: Heimweh nach St. Pauli) is a 1963 German drama film directed by Werner Jacobs and starring Freddy Quinn, Josef Albrecht and Ullrich Haupt.	Homesick for St. Pauli	Freddy Quinn
cast member	Heedless Moths also stars Holmes Herbert and Hedda Hopper.	Heedless Moths	Holmes Herbert	Hedda Hopper
cast member	The Stranger Wore a Gun is a 1953 Western film directed by André De Toth and starring Randolph Scott, Claire Trevor, and Joan Weldon.	The Stranger Wore a Gun	Randolph Scott	Claire Trevor	Joan Weldon
cast member	Fräulein Veronika is a 1936 Austrian-Swiss comedy film directed by Veit Harlan and starring Thekla Ahrens, Carl Esmond and Hans Moser.	Fräulein Veronika	Carl Esmond	Hans Moser
cast member	Ishq Hai Tumse is a 2004 Indian musical-romance film starring Dino Morea and Bipasha Basu.	Ishq Hai Tumse	Bipasha Basu
cast member	Demonwarp is a 1987 science fiction/horror film directed by Emmett Alston and starring George Kennedy.	Demonwarp	George Kennedy
cast member	Naked Therapy (Spanish:Terapia al desnudo) is a 1975 Spanish comedy film directed by Pedro Lazaga and starring Carmen Sevilla, José María Íñigo and Ramiro Oliveros.	Naked Therapy	Carmen Sevilla
cast member	Three Smart Girls is a 1936 American musical comedy film directed by Henry Koster and starring Barbara Read, Nan Grey, Deanna Durbin, and Ray Milland.	Three Smart Girls	Barbara Read	Nan Grey	Deanna Durbin	Ray Milland
cast member	Chasing the Deer (later re-titled Culloden 1746) is a 1994 British war film directed by Graham Holloway and starring Brian Blessed, Lewis Rae, Iain Cuthbertson, Fish and Mathew Zajac.	Chasing the Deer	Brian Blessed	Iain Cuthbertson
cast member	Paradise for Three, titled Romance for Three in the United Kingdom, is a 1938 romantic comedy film starring Frank Morgan as a wealthy industrialist who decides to find out about his German workers by temporarily living among them incognito.	Paradise for Three	Frank Morgan
cast member	The Lost Saucer was about two friendly time-travelling androids from the year 2369 named Fi (Ruth Buzzi) and Fum (Jim Nabors) who land their flying saucer on present day Earth.	The Lost Saucer	Ruth Buzzi	Jim Nabors
cast member	Next Time We Love is a 1936 melodrama film directed by Edward H. Griffith and starring Margaret Sullavan, James Stewart and Ray Milland.	Next Time We Love	Margaret Sullavan	James Stewart	Ray Milland
cast member	Giada at Home is a television show hosted by Giada De Laurentiis.	Giada at Home	Giada De Laurentiis
cast member	National Lampoon's Pucked (also known as Pucked, and National Lampoon's The Trouble with Frank) is a 2006 comedy movie starring Jon Bon Jovi in the main role.	National Lampoon's Pucked	Jon Bon Jovi
cast member	Now We're in the Air (1927) is a silent film starring the unofficial late-1920s intermittent comedy team of Wallace Beery and Raymond Hatton; and Louise Brooks, who plays twins.	Now We're in the Air	Wallace Beery	Raymond Hatton	Louise Brooks
cast member	Six-Shooter Justice is a 1917 American Western film featuring Harry Carey.	Six-Shooter Justice	Harry Carey
cast member	What's Cookin'? is a 1942 American musical film starring The Andrews Sisters, Jane Frazee, Robert Paige and Gloria Jean.	What's Cookin'?	The Andrews Sisters	Jane Frazee	Robert Paige	Gloria Jean
cast member	Five Came Back is a 1939 American black-and-white melodrama from RKO Radio Pictures, produced by Robert Sisk, directed by John Farrow, and starring Chester Morris and Lucille Ball.	Five Came Back	Chester Morris	Lucille Ball
cast member	Dangerous Ishhq (Dangerous Love) is a 2012 Bollywood Supernatural thriller film directed by Vikram Bhatt and starring Karisma Kapoor in the lead role.	Dangerous Ishhq	Karisma Kapoor
cast member	The Great Garrick is a 1937 American historical comedy film directed by James Whale and starring Brian Aherne, Olivia de Havilland, and Edward Everett Horton.	The Great Garrick	Brian Aherne	Olivia de Havilland	Edward Everett Horton
cast member	Bartok the Magnificent, directed by Don Bluth and Gary Goldman, is a 1999 direct-to-video spin-off to the 1997 film Anastasia, which features Hank Azaria as the voice of Bartok, Kelsey Grammer as the voice of Zozi, and Jennifer Tilly as Piloff.	Bartok the Magnificent	Kelsey Grammer	Jennifer Tilly
cast member	Vyooham is a 1990 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Sangeeth Sivan, starring Raghuvaran, Sukumaran, Captain Raju, Babu Antony, Urvashi, Rajan P. Dev and Parvathy Jayaram.	Vyooham	Raghuvaran	Sukumaran
cast member	Venus fra Vestø (literally, Venus from West Island) is a 1962 Danish comedy war film directed by Annelise Reenberg and starring Malene Schwartz.	Venus fra Vestø	Malene Schwartz
cast member	The Nativity Story is a 2006 epic biblical drama film based on the nativity of Jesus starring Keisha Castle-Hughes and Shohreh Aghdashloo.	The Nativity Story	Keisha Castle-Hughes	Shohreh Aghdashloo
cast member	Operation Pacific is a 1951 World War II submarine film starring John Wayne and Patricia Neal, featuring Ward Bond and Philip Carey and directed by George Waggner.	Operation Pacific	John Wayne	Patricia Neal	Ward Bond	Philip Carey
cast member	Mr. Belvedere Rings the Bell is a 1951 comedy film, the third and final one starring Clifton Webb as Lynn Belvedere.	Mr. Belvedere Rings the Bell	Clifton Webb
cast member	Music From and Inspired by the Film Knocked Up, an original soundtrack album, was composed for the film by folk singer-songwriter Loudon Wainwright III and Joe Henry.	Knocked Up	Loudon Wainwright III
cast member	The Abandonment is a 1916 American silent short drama film directed by Donald MacDonald starring Helene Rosson, Forrest Taylor and Harry von Meter .	The Abandonment	Helene Rosson	Forrest Taylor	Harry von Meter
cast member	The Glitter Dome is a 1984 made-for-HBO film starring James Garner, Margot Kidder and John Lithgow.	The Glitter Dome	James Garner	Margot Kidder	John Lithgow
cast member	The Slim Princess is a 1920 American comedy film starring Mabel Normand, directed by Victor Schertzinger, produced by Samuel Goldwyn, and written by Gerald C. Duffy based on a musical play of the same name by Henry Blossom and Leslie Stuart, which was from a story by George Ade.	The Slim Princess	Mabel Normand
cast member	Too Soon to Love, also known as High School Honeymoon, is a (1960) American exploitation film starring Richard Evans, Jennifer West and Jack Nicholson.	Too Soon to Love	Richard Evans	Jack Nicholson
cast member	The Guy Who Came Back is a 1951 film made by 20th Century Fox, directed by Joseph M. Newman, and starring by Paul Douglas, Joan Bennett and Linda Darnell.	The Guy Who Came Back	Paul Douglas	Joan Bennett	Linda Darnell
cast member	Fear in Fun Park is a 1989 TV film featuring Simon Dutton as Simon Templar, the crimefighter also known as The Saint.	Fear in Fun Park	Simon Dutton
cast member	None but the Brave, also known as Yūsha nomi (勇者のみ None but the brave men) in Japan, is a 1965 war film starring Frank Sinatra (although in a supporting role), Clint Walker, Tatsuya Mihashi, Tommy Sands and Brad Dexter.	None but the Brave	Clint Walker	Tommy Sands	Brad Dexter
cast member	Brother, Cry for Me is a 1970 adventure film starring Leslie Parrish, Larry Pennell and Richard Davalos.	Brother, Cry for Me	Leslie Parrish	Larry Pennell	Richard Davalos
cast member	A Skin, A Night is a 2008 documentary film featuring the American indie rock band The National.	A Skin, A Night	The National
cast member	L.A. Bounty is a 1989 drama film directed by Worth Keeter, starring Sybil Danning, Wings Hauser and Blackie Dammett.	L.A. Bounty	Wings Hauser	Blackie Dammett
cast member	Tomorrow at Ten is a 1962 British thriller film directed by Lance Comfort and starring John Gregson, Robert Shaw, Kenneth Cope and William Hartnell in his final film appearance.	Tomorrow at Ten	John Gregson	Robert Shaw
cast member	The Spring is a 1989 independent movie, not available in video, about archaeologists Andy (Dack Rambo) and Matty (Gedde Watanabe), who discover a diary written by a member of Ponce de León's exploration party, which they believe can lead them to the Fountain of Youth.	The Spring	Dack Rambo	Gedde Watanabe
cast member	Acting on Impulse is a 1993 film starring Linda Fiorentino, Nancy Allen and C. Thomas Howell.	Acting on Impulse	Linda Fiorentino	Nancy Allen	C. Thomas Howell
cast member	The Lawless Nineties is a 1936 American Western film directed by Joseph Kane and starring John Wayne and Lane Chandler as federal agents in Wyoming.	The Lawless Nineties	John Wayne
cast member	Stay Away, Joe is a 1968 Western-comedy film, with musical interludes, set in modern times and starring Elvis Presley, Burgess Meredith and Joan Blondell.	Stay Away, Joe	Elvis Presley	Burgess Meredith	Joan Blondell
cast member	Amaidhi Padai (Tamil: அமைதிப்படை) is a 1994 Tamil film directed by Manivannan.	Amaidhi Padai	Manivannan
cast member	Let's Rock Again! is a music documentary film following Joe Strummer as he tours across the United States and Japan with his band the Mescaleros promoting their second album Global a Go-Go.	Let's Rock Again!	Joe Strummer
cast member	Elephant Walk is a 1954 Paramount Pictures film, directed by William Dieterle, and starring Elizabeth Taylor, Dana Andrews, Peter Finch and Abraham Sofaer.	Elephant Walk	Elizabeth Taylor	Dana Andrews	Peter Finch	Abraham Sofaer
cast member	Los Enchiladas! is a 1999 film written, directed by and starring stand-up comedian Mitch Hedberg.	Los Enchiladas!	Mitch Hedberg
cast member	Under Western Stars is a 1938 American Western film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Roy Rogers, Smiley Burnette, Carol Hughes, and the Maple City Four.	Under Western Stars	Roy Rogers	Smiley Burnette
cast member	The Bong Connection is a 2006 English-language Indian film starring Raima Sen, Shayan Munshi and Parambrata Chatterjee and directed by Anjan Dutt.	The Bong Connection	Raima Sen	Shayan Munshi	Parambrata Chatterjee
cast member	Brooklyn Force is a fan film written and directed by Adam Bertocci.	Brooklyn Force	Adam Bertocci
cast member	En Jeevan Paduthu is a 1988 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by R. Sundarrajan starring Karthik and Saranya in lead roles, supported by Sudha, Captain Raju and Kapil Dev.	En Jeevan Paduthu	Karthik	Sudha	Captain Raju
cast member	Cass Timberlane is a romantic drama film starring Spencer Tracy, Lana Turner and Zachary Scott, directed by George Sidney, and released in 1947.	Cass Timberlane	Spencer Tracy	Lana Turner	Zachary Scott
cast member	Ideal Woman Sought (German:Ideale Frau gesucht) is a 1952 Austrian musical film directed by Franz Antel and starring Inge Egger, Jeanette Schultze and Waltraut Haas.	Ideal Woman Sought	Inge Egger
cast member	Black Gunn is a 1972 Neo Noir blaxploitation film starring Jim Brown and Martin Landau and directed by Robert Hartford-Davis.	Black Gunn	Jim Brown	Martin Landau
cast member	The Kovak Box is a 2006 Spanish-British thriller film directed by Daniel Monzón and starring Timothy Hutton, Lucía Jiménez, Annette Badland and David Kelly.	The Kovak Box	Timothy Hutton	Lucía Jiménez	Annette Badland	David Kelly
cast member	House of Horrors (also known as Murder Mansion, The Sinister Shadow and Joan Medford is Missing) is a 1946 American horror film released by Universal Pictures, starring Rondo Hatton as a madman named ``The Creeper.''	House of Horrors	Rondo Hatton
cast member	Secret Cutting (also known as Painful Secrets) is a 2000 made-for-TV movie directed by Norma Bailey, starring Kimberlee Peterson and Rhea Perlman, about a self-harming teenager, focusing on and her relation with family, friend and acquaintances.	Secret Cutting	Kimberlee Peterson	Rhea Perlman
cast member	Carbide and Sorrel (German: Karbid und Sauerampfer) is a 1963 East German comedy film directed by Frank Beyer and starring Erwin Geschonneck.	Carbide and Sorrel	Erwin Geschonneck
cast member	Dancehall Queen is a 1997 independent Jamaican film starring Audrey Reid, who plays Marcia, a street vendor struggling to raise two daughters.	Dancehall Queen	Audrey Reid
cast member	The Almost Guys is a 2004 American comedy film written and directed by Eric Fleming, produced by Andrea Michaud and starring an ensemble cast.	The Almost Guys	Eric Fleming
cast member	A Killer Within is a 2004 film featuring C. Thomas Howell as Addison Terrill, Sean Young as Rebecca Terrill, Ben Browder as Sam Moss, Dedee Pfeiffer as Sarah Moss and Giancarlo Esposito as Vargas.	A Killer Within	C. Thomas Howell	Sean Young	Ben Browder	Dedee Pfeiffer	Giancarlo Esposito
cast member	Slightly Single in L.A. is an American romantic comedy film, written and directed by Christie Will and starring Lacey Chabert, Kip Pardue, Haylie Duff, Carly Schroeder, Jenna Dewan, and Jonathan Bennett.	Slightly Single in L.A.	Lacey Chabert	Kip Pardue	Haylie Duff	Carly Schroeder	Jenna Dewan	Jonathan Bennett
cast member	Case départ (Tee box) is a 2011 French comedy film directed by Lionel Steketee, Fabrice Eboué and Thomas N'Gijol.	Case départ	Thomas N'Gijol
cast member	Wagons East! (stylised onscreen as Wagons East) is a 1994 western comedy film directed by Peter Markle and starring John Candy and Richard Lewis.	Wagons East!	John Candy	Richard Lewis
cast member	Watch Your Stern is a 1960 British comedy film directed by Gerald Thomas and starring Kenneth Connor, Eric Barker and Leslie Phillips.	Watch Your Stern	Kenneth Connor	Eric Barker	Leslie Phillips
cast member	Acı Zafer is a 1972 Turkish film, directed by Halit Refiğ and starring Yilmaz Köksal, Deniz Erkanat, Turgut Özatay.	Acı Zafer	Turgut Özatay
cast member	Of Love and Shadows, also known as De amor y de sombras, is a 1994 Argentine-American drama film written and directed by Betty Kaplan and starring Antonio Banderas, Jennifer Connelly, Stefania Sandrelli and Patricio Contreras.	Of Love and Shadows	Antonio Banderas	Jennifer Connelly	Stefania Sandrelli
cast member	Mahathma is a 1996 Malayalam crime-drama Directed by Shaji Kailas, with Suresh Gopi, Ganesh Kumar, Devan, Rajan P. Dev, Biju Menon and Ramya Krishnan appearing in lead roles, this film revolved the growth of an underworld don.	Mahathma	Suresh Gopi	Devan	Rajan P. Dev	Biju Menon	Ramya Krishnan
cast member	East of Sudan is a 1964 British adventure film directed by Nathan Juran and featuring Anthony Quayle, Sylvia Syms and Derek Fowlds.	East of Sudan	Anthony Quayle
cast member	The Heart of Texas Ryan aka The Light of Western Stars is a 1917 American silent romantic western film starring Tom Mix and Bessie Eyton and directed by E.A. Martin.	The Heart of Texas Ryan	Tom Mix
cast member	Navajo Joe is a 1966 Spaghetti Western film, directed by Sergio Corbucci, and stars Burt Reynolds as the titular Navajo Indian who opposes a group of bandits responsible for killing his tribe.	Navajo Joe	Burt Reynolds
cast member	Fatty and Minnie He-Haw is a 1914 American short comedy film directed by and starring Roscoe Arbuckle.	Fatty and Minnie He-Haw	Roscoe Arbuckle
cast member	Kodama Simham (English: Majestic Lion) is a 1990 Telugu Cowboy film starring Chiranjeevi, Bollywood actor Pran, Sonam, and Radha play other important roles.	Kodama Simham	Chiranjeevi	Pran	Sonam
cast member	Red Apples Falling is a feature film starring Jim Jones and members of Dipset ByrdGang.	Red Apples Falling	Jim Jones
cast member	Kindled Courage is a 1923 American Western film directed by William Worthington and featuring Hoot Gibson.	Kindled Courage	Hoot Gibson
cast member	Monsieur Klein (Mr. Klein) is a 1976 French film directed by Joseph Losey, with Alain Delon starring in the title role.	Monsieur Klein	Alain Delon
cast member	A Fight for Love was a 1919 American Western film directed by John Ford and featuring Harry Carey.	A Fight for Love	Harry Carey
cast member	Women Don't Want To (Italian: Le donne non vogliono più) is a 1993 Italian romantic comedy film written and directed by Pino Quartullo.	Women Don't Want To	Pino Quartullo
cast member	Mugguru Monagallu (Telugu: ముగ్గురు మొనగాళ్ళు) is a Tollywood film which released on 7 January 1994 and was produced by Chiranjeevi's brothers Nagendra Babu and Pawan Kalyan.	Mugguru Monagallu	Chiranjeevi
cast member	The voices of Granpa and Emily are by Peter Ustinov and Emily Osborne.	Granpa	Peter Ustinov
cast member	Il suo nome è Donna Rosa (Italian for Her name is Donna Rosa) is a 1969 Italian musicarello film directed by Ettore Maria Fizzarotti and starring Al Bano and Romina Power.	Il suo nome è Donna Rosa	Romina Power
cast member	Baagyavathi is a 1957 Indian Tamil film starring Sivaji Ganesan, Padmini and M. N. Rajam in the lead roles.	Baagyavathi	Sivaji Ganesan	Padmini	M. N. Rajam
cast member	The Death Kiss (1932) is an American Pre-Code mystery film starring David Manners as a crusading studio writer, Adrienne Ames as an actress, and Bela Lugosi as a studio manager.	The Death Kiss	David Manners	Adrienne Ames	Bela Lugosi
cast member	Tempting Fate is a 1998 television film starring Tate Donovan and directed by Peter Werner.	Tempting Fate	Tate Donovan
cast member	Daava is a 1997 Hindi action movie directed by Sunil Agnihotri and starring Akshay Kumar, Raveena Tandon, Naseeruddin Shah and Akshay Anand.	Daava	Akshay Kumar	Raveena Tandon	Naseeruddin Shah	Akshay Anand
cast member	Human Stuff is a 1920 American western film produced and released by Universal Film Manufacturing Company, directed by B. Reeves Eason and starring Harry Carey.	Human Stuff	Harry Carey
cast member	Tennessee's Partner is a 1955 American Western film directed by Allan Dwan, written by Graham Baker, D.D. Beauchamp, Milton Krims, and Teddi Sherman with uncredited rewrites by Dwan, and starring John Payne, Ronald Reagan, Rhonda Fleming, and Coleen Gray.	Tennessee's Partner	John Payne	Ronald Reagan	Rhonda Fleming	Coleen Gray
cast member	Murder in Reverse is a 1945 British thriller film directed by Montgomery Tully and starring William Hartnell, Jimmy Hanley and Chili Bouchier.	Murder in Reverse	William Hartnell
cast member	Satan's Harvest is a 1970 South African film directed by George Montgomery who also starred along with Tippi Hedren and singer Matt Monro.	Satan's Harvest	George Montgomery
cast member	Most Promising Young Actress (French: Meilleur espoir féminin) is a 2000 French comedy film, directed by Gérard Jugnot.	Most Promising Young Actress	Gérard Jugnot
cast member	90 Days, Time to Love (Hangul: 90일, 사랑할 시간; RR: 90il, saranghal sigan) is a 2006 South Korean television series starring Kang Ji-hwan, Kim Ha-neul, Jung Hye-young and Yoon Hee-seok.	90 Days, Time to Love	Kang Ji-hwan	Kim Ha-neul
cast member	Compliments of Mister Flow or Mister Flow is a 1936 French mystery film directed by Robert Siodmak and starring Fernand Gravey, Edwige Feuillère and Louis Jouvet.	Compliments of Mister Flow	Fernand Gravey	Edwige Feuillère	Louis Jouvet
cast member	Hunt Angels is a 2006 Australian docudrama, directed by Alec Morgan, starring Victoria Hill and Ben Mendelsohn.	Hunt Angels	Victoria Hill	Ben Mendelsohn
cast member	News Attack is a 1989 Hong Kong action thriller drama film co-written and directed by Samson Chiu and starring Andy Lau, Michael Miu and Wilson Lam.	News Attack	Andy Lau
cast member	Tropic Holiday is a 1938 American musical film directed by Theodore Reed and starring Bob Burns, Dorothy Lamour and Ray Milland.	Tropic Holiday	Bob Burns	Dorothy Lamour	Ray Milland
cast member	The Black Secret is a 1919 American adventure film serial directed by George B. Seitz.	The Black Secret	George B. Seitz
cast member	Bandook is a 2013 Bollywood crime film starring Aditya Om, Manisha Kelkar and Arshad Khan as lead characters.The film is directed and produced by Aditya Om and Mohammed M.K. Sheikh .	Bandook	Aditya Om
cast member	He slowly goes insane editing the gory scenes and goes on his own rampage as Evil Ed, beating the friendly filmgeek Nick (Per Löfberg) up, taking his girlfriend hostage and having a shootout with special forces led by Gert Fylking.	Evil Ed	Gert Fylking
cast member	Inside the Actors Studio is an American television show on the Bravo cable television channel, hosted by James Lipton.	Inside the Actors Studio	James Lipton
cast member	Art Machine is a 2012 film by writer/director Doug Karr starring Joseph Cross, Jessica Szohr, and Joey Lauren Adams.	Art Machine	Joseph Cross	Jessica Szohr	Joey Lauren Adams
cast member	Bandits of the West is a 1953 American western film directed by Harry Keller and starring Allan Lane, Cathy Downs and Eddy Waller.	Bandits of the West	Allan Lane
cast member	Unknown White Male is a 2005 documentary film directed by Rupert Murray, covering the life of his childhood friend Doug Bruce, a British resident of New York who appeared to suffer from sudden amnesia, who woke up on a subway train in Coney Island in 2003, not knowing who or where he was.	Unknown White Male	Doug Bruce
country	Maneh-ye Pain (Persian: منه پايين‎, also Romanized as Maneh-ye Pā’īn; also known as Manneh-ye Pāeen) is a village in Zarabad-e Gharbi Rural District, Zarabad District, Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Maneh-ye Pain	Iran
country	Kharkushi (Persian: خركوشي‎, also Romanized as Kharkūshī; also known as Gūshkī, Kargūshkī, Kar Gūshkī, Khargūshī, and Kharguskki) is a village in Byaban Rural District, Byaban District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kharkushi	Iran
country	Faram Rudbar Hajji Sadeq (Persian: فرام رودبارحاجي صادق‎, also Romanized as Farām Rūdbār Ḩājjī Şādeq) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Faram Rudbar Hajji Sadeq	Iran
country	Kolonia Myśliborzyce (kɔˈlɔɲa mɨɕlibɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kolonia Myśliborzyce	Poland
country	Castro Marim and Vila Real de Santo António Marsh Natural Reserve (Portuguese: Reserva Natural do Sapal de Castro Marim e Vila Real de Santo António) is a natural reserve in Portugal.	Castro Marim and Vila Real de Santo António Marsh Natural Reserve	Portugal
country	Sarmasti (Persian: سرمستي‎, also Romanized as Sarmastī) is a village in Qaen Rural District, in the Central District of Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sarmasti	Iran
country	Ariglu (Persian: اريگلو‎, also Romanized as Arīglū; also known as Arīklū) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District, Safayyeh District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ariglu	Iran
country	Formosa Peak or Peak Formosa is the highest point of the Tsitsikamma Mountains, a coastal range located along the Garden Route in South Africa, and forming part of the Baviaanskloof Mega Reserve.	Formosa Peak	South Africa
country	Castelfranco Veneto (Venetian: Casteło) is a town and comune of Veneto, northern Italy, in the province of Treviso, 30 kilometres (19 miles) by rail from the town of Treviso.	Castelfranco Veneto	Italy
country	Funtana Coberta (Sardinian: Sa Funtana Coberta) is a holy pit (subterranean temple) in Sarrabus-Gerrei, a traditional subregion of Sardinia, Italy.	Funtana Coberta	Italy
country	Bertz + Fischer Verlag is a publishing house located in Berlin, Germany.	Bertz + Fischer Verlag	Germany
country	The Reichszeugmeisterei (RZM), formally located in Munich, was the first and eventually the primary Zeugmeisterei (quartermaster's office), as well as the national material control office of Nazi Germany.	Reichszeugmeisterei	Germany
country	Lesko County (Polish: powiat leski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Subcarpathian Voivodeship, south-eastern Poland, on the Slovak border.	Lesko County	Poland
country	Kleine Brogel Air Base (ICAO: EBBL) is a Belgian Air Component military airfield located in Kleine Brogel, in the municipality Peer, Belgium.	Kleine Brogel Air Base	Belgium
country	Nedstryn Church (Norwegian: Nedstryn kyrkje) is a parish church in Stryn Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Nedstryn Church	Norway
country	Aryad North is at the northern part of Aryad panchayat of Alappuzha district, Kerala, India.	Aryad North	India
country	Chieti railway station (Italian: Stazione di Chieti) serves the city and comune of Chieti, in the region of Abruzzo, southern Italy.	Chieti railway station	Italy
country	The Penang Global City Centre (PGCC) was a proposed project to be located at Penang Turf Club on Penang Island, Malaysia.	Penang Global City Centre	Malaysia
country	Cromer Pier is a Grade II listed seaside pier in the civil parish of Cromer on the north coast of the English county of Norfolk, 40 kilometres (25 mi) due north of the city of Norwich in the United Kingdom.	Cromer Pier	United Kingdom
country	The Upper Rhine (German: Oberrhein) is the section of the Rhine in the Upper Rhine Plain between Basle in Switzerland and Bingen in Germany.	Upper Rhine	Switzerland
country	Lautrec (Occitan: Lautrèc) is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France.	Lautrec	France
country	Ļaudona parish (Latvian: Ļaudonas pagasts) is an administrative unit of Madona Municipality, Latvia.	Ļaudona parish	Latvia
country	Bandevan (Persian: بندوان‎, also Romanized as Bandevān; also known as Bandebān) is a village in Raviz Rural District, Koshkuiyeh District, Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bandevan	Iran
country	Bremstein Lighthouse (Norwegian: Bremstein fyr) is a lighthouse in the municipality of Vega in Nordland county, Norway.	Bremstein Lighthouse	Norway
country	Papanui Inlet is the northernmost of two large inlets in the Pacific coast of Otago Peninsula, in the South Island of New Zealand.	Papanui Inlet	New Zealand
country	Vitebsk State University (more fully ``Vitebsk State University named after P.M. Masherov'') is a tertiary institute in Vitebsk, Belarus.	Vitebsk State University	Belarus
country	Portogruaro is a town and comune in the Metropolitan City of Venice, Veneto, northern Italy.	Portogruaro	Italy
country	Technical University of Mombasa (TUM) is a public Technical university located in the coastal city of Mombasa, Kenya.	Technical University of Mombasa	Kenya
country	Cerro Blanco is a hill and historical landmark in the city of Santiago, Chile.	Cerro Blanco	Chile
country	The Tumuk Humak Mountains (Dutch: Toemoek-Hoemakgebergte, Portuguese: Serra do Tumucumaque, French: Monts Tumuc Humac) are a mountain range in South America, stretching about 120 kilometers (75 mi) east--west in the border area between Brazil in the south and Suriname and French Guiana in the north.	Tumuk Humak Mountains	Brazil	Suriname
country	Ju County or Juxian (Chinese: 莒县; pinyin: Jǔ Xiàn) is a county of Rizhao City, Shandong Province, People's Republic of China.	Ju County	People's Republic of China
country	Rospiggarna is a motorcycle speedway team based in Hallstavik, Sweden.	Rospiggarna	Sweden
country	Lepsiushaus is a house museum in Potsdam, Germany.	Lepsiushaus	Germany
country	Överkalix (Finnish: Ylikainuu) is a locality and the seat of Överkalix Municipality in Norrbotten County, Sweden with 975 inhabitants in 2010.	Överkalix	Sweden
country	Mata Elang International Stadium or MEIS is an international music stadium located at Ancol Dreamland, Jakarta, Indonesia.	Mata Elang International Stadium	Indonesia
country	Teteven Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Тетевен) is a municipality (obshtina) in Lovech Province, Central-North Bulgaria, located from the northern slopes of the central Stara planina mountain to the area of the Fore-Balkan.	Teteven Municipality	Bulgaria
country	The Ministry of Defence Guard Service (MGS) is part of the Defence Infrastructure Organisation of the Ministry of Defence, and provides military establishments across the United Kingdom with unarmed security guards and patrol services.	Ministry of Defence Guard Service	United Kingdom
country	Shirinag (Persian: شيرينگ‎, also Romanized as Shīrīnag; also known as Shīrīnak) is a village in Golzar Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Shirinag	Iran
country	The Mulkear River, or Mulcair, rises in the Slievefelim and Silvermine Mountains in Ireland, flows through the east of County Limerick before joining the River Shannon near Annacotty.	Mulkear River	Ireland
country	Ragala is a town in central western Sri Lanka.	Ragala	Sri Lanka
country	Cumbayá is a rural parish of the Metropolitan District of Quito in the Pichincha Province, Ecuador.	Cumbayá	Ecuador
country	Tennenlohe is a district of the city of Erlangen in Middle Franconia, Germany, located about 6 km south of the city centre at the motorway A 3.	Tennenlohe	Germany
country	Ougarta Range or Mountains of Ougarta (Arabic: سلاسل الوقارتة‎, French: Chaînes d'Ougarta) are a mountain range in the Saoura area of southwestern Algeria.	Ougarta Range	Algeria
country	Ørmen is a village in Fredrikstad municipality, Norway.	Ørmen	Norway
country	Silesian Beskids Landscape Park (Polish: Park Krajobrazowy Beskidu Śląskiego) is a protected area (Landscape Park) in southern Poland, established in 1998, covering an area of 386.2 square kilometres (149.1 sq mi) in the Silesian Beskids mountain range.	Silesian Beskids Landscape Park	Poland
country	Khowshtar-e Sofla (Persian: خوشترسفلي‎, also Romanized as Khowshtar-e Soflá; also known as Khowshtar-e Pā’īn, Khoshtar, and Kushtār) is a village in Ayask Rural District, in the Central District of Sarayan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khowshtar-e Sofla	Iran
country	Skiwy Duże (ˈskivɨ ˈduʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Skiwy Duże	Poland
country	Petritsi (Greek: Πετρίτσι) is a former municipality in the Serres regional unit, Greece.	Petritsi	Greece
country	Nandavara is a village in Bantwal taluka, at Dakshina Kannada, Karnataka, India.	Nandavara	India
country	Urad Middle Banner (Mongolian: ᠤᠷᠠᠳ ᠤᠨ ᠳᠤᠮᠳᠠᠳᠤ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Urad-un Dumdadu Qosiɣu; simplified Chinese: 乌拉特中旗; traditional Chinese: 烏拉特中旗; pinyin: Wūlātè Zhōng Qí) is a banner of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, People's Republic of China.	Urad Middle Banner	People's Republic of China
country	Amerindios was a folk music group from Chile which was active in the years between 1969 and 1973.	Amerindios	Chile
country	The Sikanni Chief River is a river in the Northern Rocky Mountains region of the northern interior of British Columbia, Canada.	Sikanni Chief River	Canada
country	BUNDjugend (Young Friends of the Earth Germany) is the youth organisation of the Bund für Umwelt und Naturschutz Deutschland (BUND).	BUNDjugend	Germany
country	Sangsila (Urdu: سنگسیلا‎) is a town near Dera Bugti, Balochistan, Pakistan.	Sangsila	Pakistan
country	The Russell Islands are two small islands (Pavuvu and Mbanika), as well as several islets, of volcanic origin, in the Central Province of Solomon Islands.	Russell Islands	Solomon Islands
country	The Pineroot River is a waterway in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in the Northern Region of Manitoba, Canada, approximately 3 km (1.9 mi) north of Bakers Narrows.	Pineroot River	Canada
country	Hällingsåfallet is a waterfall and a nature reserve in Jämtland County in Sweden.	Hällingsåfallet	Sweden
country	Håkvik (Northern Sami: Ginnasluokta) is a village in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county, Norway.	Håkvik	Norway
country	Bernier Island is one of three islands that comprise the Bernier and Dorre Island Nature Reserve in the Shark Bay World Heritage area in Western Australia.	Bernier Island	Australia
country	Mamerki (maˈmɛrki) (German: Mauerwald) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo, within Węgorzewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Mamerki	Poland
country	Olo n:o 22 is an outdoor sculpture in Hietalahti, Helsinki, Finland.	Olo n:o 22	Finland
country	Posht Bisheh (Persian: پشت بيشه‎, also Romanized as Posht Bīsheh) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Posht Bisheh	Iran
country	Saskylakh (Russian: Саскылах; Sakha: Сааскылаах) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Anabarsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located on the right bank of the Anabar River, on which it is one of the main ports.	Saskylakh	Russia
country	Ruunaanjärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Vuoksi main catchment area in Finland.	Ruunaanjärvi	Finland
country	The Haut Sex (also known as Pointe de Recon) (1,961 m) is a mountain of the Chablais Alps, located on the border between Switzerland and France.	Haut Sex	Switzerland
country	Takapuwahia, also known as Porirua Pa, is the oldest settlement of Porirua City in the lower North Island of New Zealand.	Takapuwahia	New Zealand
country	Pakur railway station (code:PKR) is an important station of Pakur district, located in Pakur, Jharkhand, India.	Pakur railway station	India
country	Mooney's Bay Park is a public park in Ottawa, Canada on the Rideau River.	Mooney's Bay Park	Canada
country	Telezhyonka (Russian: Тележёнка) is a village in Yasnogorsky District of Tula Oblast, Russia.	Telezhyonka	Russia
country	The Battle of Fossalta was an episode of the War of the Guelphs and Ghibellines in northern Italy.	Battle of Fossalta	Italy
country	The Al Jaghbub Oasis is a protected area in northeastern Libya lying close to the border with Egypt.	Al Jaghbub Oasis	Libya
country	Kirchschlag in der Buckligen Welt is a municipality in the district of Wiener Neustadt-Land in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.	Kirchschlag in der Buckligen Welt	Austria
country	Strömmensberg is a district in Gothenburg, Sweden, which belongs to Örgryte.	Strömmensberg	Sweden
country	Kalkara (Maltese: Il-Kalkara) is a small picturesque village in the South Eastern Region of Malta, with a population of 3,014 as of March 2014.	Kalkara	Malta
country	Naluchi (Ur: نالوچی) is a neighborhood in Muzaffarabad, Pakistan.	Naluchi	Pakistan
country	Mowtowr-e Alizadeh (Persian: موتورعليزاده‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e ʿAlīzādeh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Alizadeh	Iran
country	SunLife is a UK-based insurance business with its headquarters in Bristol, United Kingdom.	SunLife	United Kingdom
country	Kfar Silver (Hebrew: כְּפַר סִילְבֶר, lit. Silver Village) is a youth village in southern Israel.	Kfar Silver	Israel
country	Angkor Thom (Khmer: អង្គរធំ; literally: ``Great City''), located in present-day Cambodia, was the last and most enduring capital city of the Khmer empire.	Angkor Thom	Cambodia
country	Drušče (pronounced (ˈdɾuːʃtʃɛ)) is a settlement in the hills south of Boštanj in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia.	Drušče	Slovenia
country	Port of Savona (Italian: Porto di Savona) is a port in Savona, Italy.	Port of Savona	Italy
country	Bottnaryd Church (Swedish: Bottnaryds kyrka) is a wooden church building in Bottnaryd, Sweden.	Bottnaryd Church	Sweden
country	Solčava (pronounced (sɔlˈtʃaːʋa); German: Sulzbach) is a village in the Upper Savinja Valley in northern Slovenia close to the Austrian border.	Solčava	Slovenia
country	Matatai is a village on the south coast of New Ireland, Papua New Guinea, on Lanisso Bay.	Matatai	Papua New Guinea
country	Elandskloof Dam is a gravity type dam located on the Elands River, near Villiersdorp, Western Cape, South Africa.	Elandskloof Dam	South Africa
country	L'Aquila Cathedral (Italian: Duomo dell'Aquila; Cattedrale metropolitana dei Santi Massimo e Giorgio) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in L'Aquila, Abruzzo, Italy, dedicated to Saint Maximus of Aveia and Saint George.	L'Aquila Cathedral	Italy
country	Estadio Centenario is a stadium in the Parque Batlle neighborhood of Montevideo, Uruguay, used primarily for football.	Estadio Centenario	Uruguay
country	Lake Varaždin (Croatian: Varaždinsko jezero) is a reservoir on the Drava in northern Croatia.	Lake Varaždin	Croatia
country	The Instituto Superior de Intérpretes y Traductores, S.C. (in English: Superior Institute of Interpreters and Translators), commonly known as ISIT, is a private university located in Mexico City, Mexico.	Instituto Superior de Intérpretes y Traductores	Mexico
country	Seth Hirachand Mutha College is a college located in Kalyan west, Maharashtra, India.	Seth Hirachand Mutha College	India
country	Lalim is a civil parish (freguesia) in Lamego Municipality in the Viseu District of the Norte Region of Portugal.	Lalim	Portugal
country	Angowice (anɡɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Hennigsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Angowice	Poland
country	Roshtqal'a (Tajik: Роштқалъа ), (Persian: راشت‌قلعه‎), is the capital of Roshtqal'a District in Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province in south-east Tajikistan is located.	Roshtqal'a	Tajikistan
country	Rovira i Virgili University (Catalan: Universitat Rovira i Virgili, URV; IPA: (uniβərsiˈtad ruˈβiɾə j βirˈʒiɫi)) is located in the Catalan cities of Tarragona and Reus, Spain.	Rovira i Virgili University	Spain
country	The Tyya mine is a large iron mine located in southern Russia in the Buryatia.	Tyya mine	Russia
country	Yamazato is a restaurant housed in the Okura Hotel in Amsterdam in the Netherlands.	Yamazato	Netherlands
country	The Bangkok Aquarium (Thai: สถานแสดงพันธุ์สัตว์น้ำจืดกรุงเทพมหานคร or สถานแสดงพันธุ์สัตว์น้ำกรุงเทพฯ), founded in 1940, is the oldest aquarium in Thailand.	Bangkok Aquarium	Thailand
country	The Left Caucus was an Ontario based left-wing pressure group within the New Democratic Party of Canada and the Ontario New Democratic Party from the late 1970s to early 1990s.	Left Caucus	Canada
country	The Ontario Institute for Cancer Research (OICR) is a not-for-profit organization based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada that focuses on the prevention, early detection, diagnosis and treatment of cancer.	Ontario Institute for Cancer Research	Canada
country	Storheia is the highest mountain in Bymarka in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Storheia	Norway
country	Polmak (Northern Sami: Buolbmát and Finnish: Pulmanki) is a village and a former municipality in Finnmark county in Norway.	Polmak	Norway
country	Split Lake is a small lake in the north of Northland Region, New Zealand.	Split Lake	New Zealand
country	Tell Hassuna is a tell, or settlement mound, in the Nineveh Province (Iraq).	Tell Hassuna	Iraq
country	Jamia Ni Bazar (Persian: جميا ني بازار‎, also Romanized as Jamīā Nī Bāzār) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District, Dashtiari District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Jamia Ni Bazar	Iran
country	Neckar-Alb is one of three regions (Regionalverband) in the Tübingen administrative region (Regierungsbezirke) in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Neckar-Alb	Germany
country	Ayer Rajah Single Member Constituency (Traditional Chinese: 亞逸拉惹單選區; Simplified Chinese: 亚逸拉惹单选区) is a former single member constituency in Singapore that existed since 1980 by crafting this portion from the then Bukit Timah SMC;	Ayer Rajah Single Member Constituency	Singapore
country	Since the release of their debut album Swift Feet for Troubling Times in 2006, Ohbijou have played festivals across Canada, including the Osheaga Festival in Montreal and the Hillside Festival in Guelph.	Ohbijou	Canada
country	Stavtrup is a western suburb of Aarhus in Denmark.	Stavtrup	Denmark
country	The Accident on the Bundesautobahn 5 occurred on July 14, 2003 close to Karlsruhe, Germany, when a young mother lost control of her car and collided with a tree.	Accident on the Bundesautobahn 5	Germany
country	Els Hostalets de Pierola is a Spanish municipality situated in the Autonomous Community of Catalonia, province of Barcelona, Spain.	Els Hostalets de Pierola	Spain
country	Mulhouse (pronounced: (myluz); Alsatian: Milhüsa or Milhüse, (mɪlˈyːzə); German: Mülhausen; i.e. mill house) is a city and commune in eastern France, close to the Swiss and German borders.	Mulhouse	France
country	Zündapp Janus is a microcar model made by Zündapp in Germany between 1957 and 1958, the only car ever made by the company.	Zündapp Janus	Germany
country	Biały Słoń (English: White Elephant; Ukrainian: Білий слон, Bily slon) is a Polish name for an abandoned campus of the former Polish Astronomical and Meteorological Observatory, located at remote area on the peak of Pip Ivan in the Chornohora range of the Carpathian Mountains, Ukraine.	Biały Słoń	Ukraine
country	Grote Prijs Jef Scherens is a single-day road bicycle race held annually in September in Leuven, Belgium.	Grote Prijs Jef Scherens	Belgium
country	Kopytówka (kɔpɨˈtufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnica, within Wadowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Kopytówka	Poland
country	Viluppuram( pronunciation )(also spelled as Villupuram and Vizhupuram) is a municipality and the administrative headquarters of Viluppuram district, the largest district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Viluppuram	India
country	The Floriade 2012 was a Dutch horticultural exposition held in Venlo, Netherlands.	Floriade 2012	Netherlands
country	Shaoyang (simplified Chinese: 邵阳; traditional Chinese: 邵陽; pinyin: Shàoyáng) is a prefecture-level city in southwestern Hunan province, People's Republic of China, bordering Guangxi to the south.	Shaoyang	People's Republic of China
country	Selárdalur is the second most westerly of the Ketildalir in Arnarfjörður in Iceland.	Selárdalur	Iceland
country	Camp Griffiss was a US military base in the United Kingdom during and after World War II.	Camp Griffiss	United Kingdom
country	Beit HaLevi (Hebrew: בֵּית הַלֵּוִי, lit. House of the Levite) is a moshav in central Israel.	Beit HaLevi	Israel
country	Lusići (Serbian Cyrillic: Лусићи) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Lusići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Corocoro United Copper Mines, Ltd. was the largest copper mine in Bolivia, an honor previously held by Compania Corocoro de Bolivia.	Corocoro United Copper Mines	Bolivia
country	Kuniów (ˈkuɲuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczbork, within Kluczbork County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kuniów	Poland
country	The Spree connects Köpenick with the Havel and hence the waterway systems of western and central Germany.	Köpenick	Germany
country	Obereggen is a mountain village in South Tyrol, northern Italy.	Obereggen	Italy
country	Hrčeľ (Hungarian: Gercsely) is a village and municipality in the Trebišov District in the Košice Region of south-eastern Slovakia.	Hrčeľ	Slovakia
country	Maria in der Tanne is a small baroque church near Triberg im Schwarzwald in the Black Forest of Germany.	Maria in der Tanne	Germany
country	Lahore Race Club, in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan, is a club concerned with the sport of horse racing, established in 1924 when Lahore was part of the Punjab Province of British India.	Lahore Race Club	Pakistan
country	Morton Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on Vancouver Island northwest of the city of Campbell River.	Morton Lake Provincial Park	Canada
country	Kalash Garan (Persian: كلاش گران‎, also Romanized as Kalāsh Garān and Kalāchgarān) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kalash Garan	Iran
country	The Wöllmisse is a high plateau which rises east of the Saale Valley in the State of Thuringia, Germany.	Wöllmisse	Germany
country	The Turtmann Glacier (German: Turtmanngletscher) is a 5 km long glacier (2005) situated in the Pennine Alps in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.	Turtmann Glacier	Switzerland
country	Sanjabad-e Sharqi Rural District (Persian: دهستان سنجبدشرقي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Sanjabad-e Sharqi Rural District	Iran
country	Ahepe (``Ahépé'' in French) is a village (now canton) in the south east of Togo.	Ahepe	Togo
country	Ubide (Spanish: Ubidea) is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.	Ubide	Spain
country	Tarniny (tarˈninɨ) (German Tornienen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Tarniny	Poland
country	Ton Pentre is, perhaps, best known for an incident in 1924, when The Duke of York (later George VI of the United Kingdom) played a round of golf with Frank Hodges.	Ton Pentre	United Kingdom
country	Defence Colony is an affluent locality situated in central South Delhi, India, built in 1960s for ex-defence service people.	Defence Colony	India
country	Lac de Sanetsch (also Lac de Sénin, German: Sanetsch See) is a reservoir below Sanetsch Pass in Valais, Switzerland.	Lac de Sanetsch	Switzerland
country	Měňany is a municipality and village in Beroun District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Měňany	Czech Republic
country	Wipsowo (vʲipˈsɔvɔ) (German: Wieps) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wipsowo	Poland
country	The Alhamra Arts Council is located on a colonial-period road in Lahore, Pakistan, that was formerly known as Mall Road and has been renamed as Shahrah Quaid-e-Azam.	Alhamra Arts Council	Pakistan
country	Neochori Falaisias (Greek: Νεοχώρι Φαλαισίας) is a mountain village in the municipal unit of Falaisia, Arcadia, Greece.	Neochori Falaisias	Greece
country	Bodislavci (pronounced (ˈboːdislau̯tsi)) is a settlement in the Slovene Hills (Slovene: Slovenske gorice) in the Municipality of Ljutomer in northeastern Slovenia.	Bodislavci	Slovenia
country	The Pedieos (also Pediaios or Pediaeus or Pithkias; Greek: Πεδιαίος/Πηθκιάς, Turkish: Kanlı Dere) is the longest river in Cyprus.	Pedieos	Cyprus
country	Remmels is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany of about 3.66 square miles with a population of 430 as of 12/31/2013.	Remmels	Germany
country	The National Twelve-Bell Striking Contest is the principal change ringing striking competition in the United Kingdom.	National Twelve-Bell Striking Contest	United Kingdom
country	On 31 August 1903 the Chagos Archipelago was administratively separated from the Seychelles and attached to Mauritius.	Chagos Archipelago	Seychelles
country	Bunnanadden, Bunnanaddan or Bunninadden (Irish: Bun an Fheadáin) is a small village in south County Sligo, Ireland.	Bunnanadden	Ireland
country	Hultsfred Airport is a regional airport in Hultsfred Municipality, Sweden, about 5 km north of the town of Hultsfred.	Hultsfred Airport	Sweden
country	Brenta Valley is a valley located in Northern Italy.	Brenta Valley	Italy
country	Mir Makan (Persian: ميرمكان‎, also Romanized as Mīr Makān) is a village in Boli Rural District, Chavar District, Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Mir Makan	Iran
country	Skrīveri Parish (Latvian: Skrīveru pagasts) is an administrative unit of Skrīveri Municipality, Vidzeme, Latvia.	Skrīveri Parish	Latvia
country	West Pyramid is an unpopulated steep-sided island located close to the south-western coast of Tasmania, Australia.	West Pyramid	Australia
country	Girinagar was named after the former President of India V.V. Giri and also because of the Hirannayya Gudda (Hill).	Girinagar	India
country	Ivančice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈɪvantʃɪtsɛ); German: Eibenschütz) is a town in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic, 21 kilometres (13 mi) south-west of Brno.	Ivančice	Czech Republic
country	Hure Banner (Mongolian: ᠬᠦᠷᠢᠶ᠎ᠡ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Küriy-e qosiɣu; simplified Chinese: 库伦旗; traditional Chinese: 庫倫旗; pinyin: Kùlún Qí) is a banner of southeastern Inner Mongolia, People's Republic of China, bordering Liaoning province to the south.	Hure Banner	People's Republic of China
country	Chrewt (xrɛft) (Ukrainian: Хревть, Khrevt'') is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Chrewt	Poland
country	Kamianki Lackie (kaˈmjanki ˈlat͡skʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kamianki Lackie	Poland
country	Ribče (in older sources also Ribiče) is a settlement on the left bank of the Sava River, opposite Kresnice, in the Municipality of Litija in central Slovenia.	Ribče	Slovenia
country	Alsenz-Obermoschel is a Verbandsgemeinde (``collective municipality'') in the Donnersbergkreis, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Alsenz-Obermoschel	Germany
country	The Altiplano de Granada (Granada High Plains) is a spectrum of landscapes located in the northern part of the Granada province within Andalucia in southern Spain.	Altiplano de Granada	Spain
country	The All Sports Team Hannover is a dragon boat team of the Hannoverschen Kanuclub v. 1921 e.V. from Germany.	All Sports Team Hannover	Germany
country	Eggenstein-Leopoldshafen/BW (UN/LOCODE: DE EGL) is a town of about 15000 inhabitants located in the federal state of Baden-Württemberg in the Federal Republic of Germany.	Eggenstein-Leopoldshafen	Germany
country	Hammersø (English: Hammer Lake), or Hammer Sø, is the largest lake on the island of Bornholm and the only tarn in Denmark.	Hammersø	Denmark
country	Vestmannaeyjar Airport (Icelandic: Vestmannaeyjaflugvöllur) (IATA: VEY, ICAO: BIVM) is a two-runway airport on the island of Heimaey, in Vestmannaeyjar (Westman Islands), a small archipelago off the south coast of Iceland.	Vestmannaeyjar Airport	Iceland
country	The South Eastern Manitoba Hockey League (SEMHL) is a senior men's ice hockey league in the province of Manitoba, Canada.	South Eastern Manitoba Hockey League	Canada
country	Compton Island is an island in the Queen Charlotte Strait-Johnstone Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada, located in Blackfish Sound to the east of Port McNeill All of Compton Island and three small islands offshore comprise Compton Island Indian Reserve No. 6, aka Compton 6.	Compton Island	Canada
country	Roscommon (Irish: Ros Comáin, meaning ``Saint Coman's wood'') is the county town of County Roscommon in Ireland.	Roscommon	Ireland
country	The Tour de Ratières, built in the commune of Ratières in the north of the Drôme département of France, is a medieval tower once the keep of a castle.	Tour de Ratières	France
country	Daule, Guayas, Ecuador is a city located in central Guayas, Ecuador, on the Daule River.	Daule, Guayas	Ecuador
country	The Museum of Vision Science is a museum with physical and virtual displays of vision-related devices and instruments, located at the University of Waterloo in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada.	Museum of Vision Science	Canada
country	Marthal is a medium village in the southern part of India.	Marthal	India
country	The Château de Belcastel is a medieval castle in the village and commune of Belcastel, in the Aveyron département of France.	Château de Belcastel	France
country	Higher Institute of Mining, Industry and Geology (fr. École des Mines, de l'Industrie et de la Géologie de Niamey, EMIG) is the only Institute of technology in Niger dedicated to the formation of engineers and technicians.	Higher Institute of Mining, Industry and Geology	Niger
country	The Kwenge River is a stream in the Bandundu Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Kwenge River	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Knäred is a locality situated in Laholm Municipality, Halland County, Sweden with 1,088 inhabitants in 2010.	Knäred	Sweden
country	Mseleni is a small settlement in Umhlabuyalingana Maputaland, northern KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.	Mseleni	South Africa
country	Tragano (Greek, Modern: Τραγανό, Ancient/Katharevousa: -on) is a town and a former municipality in Elis, West Greece, Greece.	Tragano	Greece
country	The Electra Tower, previously Amkor Tower or Elco Tower, is an office skyscraper in Tel Aviv, Israel, located on Yigal Allon Street.	Electra Tower	Israel
country	TAI Flight 307 was a scheduled flight between France and the Ivory Coast via Mali operated by a Douglas DC-7C.	TAI Flight 307	France
country	Faaborg or Fåborg (Danish pronunciation: (ˈfʌb̥ɒːˀ)) is an old port town located on Faaborg Fjord in Faaborg-Midtfyn municipality on the island of Funen in Denmark.	Faaborg	Denmark
country	Trevose Head (Cornish: Penn Trenfos, meaning farm of the wall's headland) (grid reference SW853764) is a headland on the Atlantic coast of north Cornwall, United Kingdom.	Trevose Head	United Kingdom
country	The Texelgruppe Nature Park (German: Naturpark Texelgruppe) is a nature reserve in South Tyrol, Italy.	Texelgruppe Nature Park	Italy
country	Lisičići (Cyrillic: Лисичићи) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Lisičići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Abulabad-e Gilavand (Persian: ابول ابادگيلاوند‎, also Romanized as Abūlābād-e Gīlāvand and Abolābād-e Gīlāvand; also known as Abūlābād) is a village in Azna Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Abulabad-e Gilavand	Iran
country	Zbehňov (Hungarian: Zebegnyő) is a village and municipality in the Trebišov District in the Košice Region of south-eastern Slovakia.	Zbehňov	Slovakia
country	Runiz Rural District (Persian: دهستان رونيز‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Runiz District, Estahban County, Fars Province, Iran.	Runiz Rural District	Iran
country	The Saint Augustine Metropolitan Cathedral, also referred to as the Cagayan de Oro Cathedral, is a Roman Catholic cathedral located at Barangay 1, Cagayan de Oro, Philippines.	Saint Augustine Metropolitan Cathedral	Philippines
country	Jarzang (Persian: جرزنگ‎; also known as Garzalīk and Gazarrīk) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District, Hurand District, Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Jarzang	Iran
country	Morgan Lewis Windmill, St. Andrew, Barbados is the last sugar windmill to operate in Barbados.	Morgan Lewis Windmill	Barbados
country	Mo, Aust-Agder is a village in Aust-Agder, Norway.	Mo, Aust-Agder	Norway
country	Ivanhoe Grammar School is an independent, co-educational, day school, located in Ivanhoe (Buckley House and The Ridgeway Campus) and Mernda (Plenty Campus), both located in the north-eastern suburbs of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Ivanhoe Grammar School	Australia
country	The Pozières Memorial is a World War I memorial, located near the commune of Pozières, in the Somme department of France.	Pozières Memorial	France
country	Syktyvkar State University named after Pitirim Sorokin is the principal university in Syktyvkar, the capital of the Komi Republic in Russia.	Syktyvkar State University	Russia
country	Wat Chedi Luang (Thai: วัดเจดีย์หลวง, lit. temple of the big stupa) is a Buddhist temple in the historic centre of Chiang Mai, Thailand.	Wat Chedi Luang	Thailand
country	Mets Sariar (Armenian: Մեծ Սարիար; also Russified as Sariar Bol’shoy) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Mets Sariar	Armenia
country	Barnucin is a part of the Szczecin City, Poland situated on the right bank of Oder river, east of the Szczecin Old Town, and south of Szczecin-Dąbie.	Barnucin	Poland
country	Pasir Ris-Punggol Group Representation Constituency (Traditional Chinese: 白沙-榜鵝集選區;Simplified Chinese: 白沙-榜鹅集选区) is a six-member Group Representation Constituency (GRC) in the north-eastern region of Singapore.	Pasir Ris-Punggol Group Representation Constituency	Singapore
country	Khatyn-Sysy (Russian: Хатын-Сысы) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Tarkayinsky Rural Okrug of Nyurbinsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, 56 kilometers (35 mi) from Nyurba, the administrative center of the district.	Khatyn-Sysy	Russia
country	Nyzhni Petrivtsi (Ukrainian: Нижні Петрівці; Romanian: Pătrăuții de Jos) is a commune (selsoviet) in Storozhynets Raion, Chernivtsi Oblast, Ukraine.	Nyzhni Petrivtsi	Ukraine
country	İsakənd (also, Isakend) is a village and municipality in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.	İsakənd	Azerbaijan
country	Patharkandi Primary Health Centre (under the government of Assam, India)	Patharkandi	India
country	The Crotty Dam, also known earlier as the King River Dam, is a rockfill embankment dam with a controlled and uncontrolled spillway across the King River, located in Western Tasmania, Australia.	Crotty Dam	Australia
country	Casa Rocca Piccola is a 16th-century palace in Malta, and home of the noble de Piro family.	Casa Rocca Piccola	Malta
country	Kani Shirin (Persian: كاني شيرين‎, also Romanized as Kānī Shīrīn) is a village in Kani Shirin Rural District, Karaftu District, Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kani Shirin	Iran
country	Mount Boundinga is a sandstone rock lying south of Moanda, a manganese mining town in Gabon.	Mount Boundinga	Gabon
country	The CERH Women's Euro 2011 or 2011 CERH Women's Championship was the 11th edition of the CERH European Women's Roller Hockey Championship, held between 25 and 29 October, in Cronenberg, Germany as a single round-robin stage.	CERH Women's Euro 2011	Germany
country	Lhuntse or Lhuntshi is a town in Lhuntse District in northeastern Bhutan.	Lhuntse	Bhutan
country	Picton Aerodrome (IATA: PCN, ICAO: NZOK) is a Non-Certificated Aerodrome 4 NM (7.4 km; 4.6 mi) south of Picton township in the Marlborough District of the South Island in New Zealand.	Picton Aerodrome	New Zealand
country	Families worldwide have the surname ``Alcaraz'' may trace their ancestry to this part of Spain.	Alcaraz	Spain
country	2MMM (identified on air and in print as Triple M) is a radio station broadcasting in Sydney, Australia.	2MMM	Australia
country	Žagre (Serbian: Жагре) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Žagre	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Abanotubani (Georgian: აბანოთუბანი, literally ``bath district'') is the ancient district of Tbilisi, Georgia, known for its sulfuric baths.	Abanotubani	Georgia
country	Parc Montmorency is a park located in Quebec City and home to Parliaments of Lower Canada, Canada East and Quebec from 1791 to 1883.	Parc Montmorency	Canada
country	The Fonthill Kame is a geological feature in the Niagara Peninsula in Pelham, Ontario, Canada.	Fonthill Kame	Canada
country	On 9 April 2004, the Prime Minister of Vietnam signed Decision 60/ 2004/ QĐ-TTg, to rename this university Hai Phong University.	Hai Phong University	Vietnam
country	Seqanliq (Persian: سقانليق‎, also Romanized as Seqānlīq, Soqānlīq, and Saqānlīq; also known as Sāqānlūq) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Seqanliq	Iran
country	Bligh Sound is a sound of the South Island of New Zealand, named in 1809 by John Grono, after the ship Governor Bligh in honour of the Governor of New South Wales, William Bligh.	Bligh Sound	New Zealand
country	The Ingenika Range is a small subrange of the Swannell Ranges of the Omineca Mountains, located south of Ingenika River above Swannell River in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Ingenika Range	Canada
country	The Hochkönig Ski Area is a large ski resort on the Hochkönig massif in Salzburger Land, Austria, only an hour's drive from the city of Salzburg and Salzburg Airport.	Hochkönig Ski Area	Austria
country	Sunnhordland District Court (Norwegian: Sunnhordland tingrett) is a district court located in Leirvik, Norway.	Sunnhordland District Court	Norway
country	Lake Matheson, near the Fox Glacier in South Westland, New Zealand, is famous for its reflected views of Aoraki/Mount Cook and Mount Tasman.	Lake Matheson	New Zealand
country	Zentene parish (Latvian: Zentenes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Tukums Municipality, Latvia.	Zentene parish	Latvia
country	Headquartered in Copenhagen, Denmark, Lundbeck has international production facilities in Denmark, Italy and France and affiliates or sales offices in 57 countries.	Lundbeck	Denmark
country	Sadiqabad railway station (Urdu: صادق آباد ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎)) is located in Sadiqabad city, Rahim Yar Khan district of Punjab province of the Pakistan.	Sadiqabad railway station	Pakistan
country	Khali Bagh (Persian: خالي باغ‎, also Romanized as Khālī Bāgh) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Khali Bagh	Iran
country	Venelles is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rhône department in southern France near Aix-en-Provence.	Venelles	France
country	Bansko (Bulgarian: Банско) is a town in southwestern Bulgaria, located at the foot of the Pirin Mountains at an elevation of 927 m above sea level.	Bansko	Bulgaria
country	The National Aboriginal Veterans Monument is a war monument in Ottawa, Canada that commemorates the contributions of all Aboriginal peoples in war and peacekeeping operations from World War I to the present.	National Aboriginal Veterans Monument	Canada
country	Mali Krš (Serbian: Мали крш) is a mountain in eastern Serbia.	Mali Krš	Serbia
country	Grasmere, British Columbia, Canada (Ktunaxa: ʔa	Grasmere, British Columbia	Canada
country	Mir Jafarlu (Persian: ميرجعفرلو‎, also Romanized as Mīr Ja``farlū; also known as Mashhadī Ja``far) is a village in Salavat Rural District, Moradlu District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 111, in 28 families.	Mir Jafarlu	Iran
country	Sharafshah (Persian: شرف شاه‎, also Romanized as Sharafshāh) is a village in Sumar Rural District, Sumar District, Qasr-e Shirin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sharafshah	Iran
country	Wiener Stadthalle (German: (ˈviːnɐ ˈʃtathalə); English: Viennese City Hall) is a multi-purpose indoor arena and convention center located in the 15th district of Vienna, Austria.	Wiener Stadthalle	Austria
country	Graeme Hall Nature Sanctuary occupies 42 per cent of the Ramsar wetland at Graeme Hall, in Christ Church, Barbados.	Graeme Hall Nature Sanctuary	Barbados
country	Ashkur Mahalleh (Persian: اشكورمحله‎, also Romanized as Ashkūr Maḩalleh) is a village in Do Hezar Rural District, Khorramabad District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Ashkur Mahalleh	Iran
country	Ecclesfield Priory was a religious house of Benedictine monks, lying in the village of Ecclesfield, north of Sheffield in Yorkshire, United Kingdom.	Ecclesfield Priory	United Kingdom
country	Cambridge Gulf is a gulf on the north coast of Western Australia.	Cambridge Gulf	Australia
country	Aşağı Aybasanlı (also, Ashagy Aybasanly and Aybasanly) is a village in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Aşağı Aybasanlı	Azerbaijan
country	Muzaffarpur Airport (IATA: MZU, ICAO: VEMZ) is an under-construction civil airport at Muzaffarpur, in the state of Bihar, India.	Muzaffarpur Airport	India
country	Ambalamedu is a small township located in Kerala, India.	Ambalamedu	India
country	Kanlıdivane (ancient Canytelis, Greek: Κανυτελής) is an ancient city situated around a big sinkhole in Mersin Province, Turkey.	Kanlıdivane	Turkey
country	The Victorian Desalination Plant (also referred to as the Victorian Desalination Project or Wonthaggi desalination plant) is a water desalination plant in Dalyston, on the Bass Coast in southern Victoria, Australia, completed in December 2012.	Victorian Desalination Plant	Australia
country	Kružlová (Rusyn: Кружльова, Hungarian: Ruzsóly) is a village and municipality in Svidník District in the Prešov Region of north-eastern Slovakia.	Kružlová	Slovakia
country	Dimona (Hebrew: דִּימוֹנָה) is an Israeli city in the Negev desert, 36 kilometres (22 mi) to the south of Beersheba and 35 kilometres (22 mi) west of the Dead Sea above the Arava valley in the Southern District of Israel.	Dimona	Israel
country	On Premiere, Discovery Geschichte was replaced by National Geographic Channel Germany the following day.	Discovery Geschichte	Germany
country	Mohabat Khel is a mohalla located in the village Adezai in Peshawar, Pakistan.	Mohabat Khel	Pakistan
country	The 2011 Zhongshan riot occurred on November 12, 2011 in Zhongshan, Guangdong, People's Republic of China.	2011 Zhongshan riot	People's Republic of China
country	Kaikorai Valley is a long broad valley which runs through the west of the New Zealand city of Dunedin, 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) to the west of the city centre.	Kaikorai Valley	New Zealand
country	Borowo-Młyn (bɔˈrɔvɔ ˈmwɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pobiedziska, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Borowo-Młyn	Poland
country	Alba railway station (Italian: Stazione di Alba) serves the town and comune of Alba, in the Piedmont region, northwestern Italy.	Alba railway station	Italy
country	Little Korab Gate (Albanian: Porta e Korabit të Vogël; Macedonian: Мала Корабска Врата, Mala Korabska Vrata) is a mountain pass on the border of Albania and the Republic of Macedonia.	Little Korab Gate	Albania
country	Vršna Vas (Slovene: Vršna vas) is a dispersed settlement in the hills south of Šmarje pri Jelšah in eastern Slovenia.	Vršna Vas	Slovenia
country	Lake Visaginas is located south of the town of Visaginas in eastern Lithuania.	Lake Visaginas	Lithuania
country	Vishka Suqeh (Persian: ويشكاسوقه‎, also Romanized as Vīshkā Sūqeh; also known as Vīshgāh, Vīshkāh Sūqeh, Vishka Shoogheh, Vīshkā Sūqeh, and Vishke) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Vishka Suqeh	Iran
country	Monaco aan de Maas (Monaco at the Maas) is a Formula One demonstration and a parade of international racecars and racing drivers, held on the streets of Rotterdam, the Netherlands.	Monaco aan de Maas	Netherlands
country	Komuniga (Bulgarian: Комунига) is a village in Chernoochene Municipality, in Kardzhali Province, in southern-central Bulgaria.	Komuniga	Bulgaria
country	Sanica Boru Elazığspor is a football team located in Elazığ, Turkey, which competes in the TFF First League.	Elazığspor	Turkey
country	Kandeh (Persian: كنده‎, also Romanized as Kondeh; also known as Kianda and Kīyāndā) is a village in Dikleh Rural District, Hurand District, Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kandeh	Iran
country	The Nosivolo River is a river in eastern Madagascar and a primary tributary of the Mangoro River.	Nosivolo River	Madagascar
country	Schloss Wilhelmshöhe is a Neoclassical palace located in Bad Wilhelmshöhe, a part of Kassel, Germany.	Schloss Wilhelmshöhe	Germany
country	Al-Mustansiriya University (Arabic: الجامعة المستنصرية) is a university in Baghdad, Iraq.	Al-Mustansiriya University	Iraq
country	The Maison de la Mutualité (often shortened to la Mutualité) is a conference center at 24 Rue Saint-Victor, 5th arrondissement of Paris, France.	Maison de la Mutualité	France
country	Steenwerck is a commune, in French Flanders, in the Nord department in northern France.	Steenwerck	France
country	The Hochschule für Musik Nürnberg (formerly Hochschule für Musik Nürnberg-Augsburg) is a music conservatoire based in Nuremberg (with a secondary building in Augsburg), Germany.	Hochschule für Musik Nürnberg	Germany
country	Ljubljana railway station (Slovene: Železniška postaja Ljubljana) is the principal railway station in Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia.	Ljubljana railway station	Slovenia
country	Queen City Pride is an LGBT pride festival, held annually in Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Queen City Pride	Canada
country	The Pragser Bach (Italian: Rio Braies) is a stream in South Tyrol, Italy.	Pragser Bach	Italy
country	Matola is the largest suburb of the Mozambique capital, Maputo, and adjacent to it to the west.	Matola	Mozambique
country	The Sangro is a river in eastern central Italy, known in ancient times as Sagrus from the Greek Sagros or Isagros, Ισαγρος.	Sangro	Italy
country	Bahía de los Ángeles Airport (IATA: BHL) is a paved airstrip located 2 miles North of Bahía de los Ángeles, Baja California, Mexico.	Bahía de los Ángeles Airport	Mexico
country	Shindand Air Base (IATA: OAH, ICAO: OASD) is located in the western part of Afghanistan in the Herat province, 7 miles northeast of the city of Sabzwar.	Shindand Air Base	Afghanistan
country	Jivevaneng is a town located on the Huon Peninsula, in Morobe Province, Papua New Guinea.	Jivevaneng	Papua New Guinea
country	Adžine Livade (Serbian: Аџине Ливаде) is a village in Kragujevac municipality in the Šumadija District of central Serbia.	Adžine Livade	Serbia
country	Gazu (Persian: گزو‎, also Romanized as Gazū; also known as Ḩājjīābād, Gaxu, Gazo, and Gazook) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Gazu	Iran
country	Stare Boksze (ˈstarɛ ˈbɔkʂɛ), (Lithuanian: Senieji Bokšiai), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Stare Boksze	Poland
country	Shahid Rajai Garrison (Persian: پادگان شهيد رجائي‎‎ -- Pādegān-e Shahīd Rajā’ī) is a village and military installation in Baladarband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Shahid Rajai Garrison	Iran
country	The Ghost Is Dancing is a Canadian indie-pop band formed in 2002 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	The Ghost Is Dancing	Canada
country	Stryczowice (strɨt͡ʂɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waśniów, within Ostrowiec County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Stryczowice	Poland
country	Mazraeh-ye Alavi (Persian: مزرعه علوي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye ʿAlavī) is a village in Vardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 16, in 4 families.	Mazraeh-ye Alavi	Iran
country	Chimay Castle (French: Château de Chimay) is a château that is located in Chimay, Hainaut, Belgium.	Chimay Castle	Belgium
country	Tswaing Local Municipality is a local Municipality consisting of the towns of Delareyville, Sannieshof and Ottosdal in the Central District Municipality situated in the North West Province of South Africa.	Tswaing Local Municipality	South Africa
country	Krajno Brdo (pronounced (ˈkɾaːi̯nɔ ˈbəɾdɔ)) is a settlement northeast of Krašnja in the Municipality of Lukovica in the southeastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Krajno Brdo	Slovenia
country	Krzewo-Plebanki (ˈkʂɛvɔ plɛˈbanki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Krzewo-Plebanki	Poland
country	Huaca Prieta is the site of a prehistoric settlement beside the Pacific ocean in the Chicama valley, just north of Trujillo, La Libertad Province, Peru.	Huaca Prieta	Peru
country	Qaruh Island (Arabic: جزيرة قاروه‎) is an island belonging to the state of Kuwait, which received its name from the large amounts of petroleum sediments in the area (known as Qar in Arabic).	Qaruh Island	Kuwait
country	The Hantangang Dam is a gravity dam currently under construction on the Hantan River in Yeoncheon County, Gyeonggi Province, South Korea.	Hantangang Dam	South Korea
country	Jalan Tengku Mohammad, Federal Route 215 (formerly Terengganu state route T215), is a federal road in Kuala Nerus, Terengganu, Malaysia.	Jalan Tengku Mohammad	Malaysia
country	Brezovica pri Predgradu (pronounced (ˈbɾeːzɔʋitsa pɾi ˈpɾeːdɡɾadu); German: Bresowitz) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Brezovica pri Predgradu	Slovenia
country	Vordonia (Greek: Βορδόνια) is a small village in the base of Taygetos mountain, in Laconia, Greece.	Vordonia	Greece
country	Sansol is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.	Sansol	Spain
country	Rock Steady Group Was a group of companies that was involved in stewarding and security at many major events in the United Kingdom.	Rock Steady Group	United Kingdom
country	Olaf Ryes plass (lit. ``Olaf Rye's Square'') is a square and park placed centrally in the Grünerløkka borough of Oslo, Norway.	Olaf Ryes plass	Norway
country	Chittagong Grammar School (CGS) was founded in 1992, to satisfy the need for an international school in Chittagong, Bangladesh.	Chittagong Grammar School	Bangladesh
country	The Straka Academy (in Czech: Strakova akademie) is the seat of the Government of the Czech Republic.	Straka Academy	Czech Republic
country	Branoslavci (pronounced (ˈbɾaːnɔslau̯tsi)) is a village in the Municipality of Ljutomer in northeastern Slovenia.	Branoslavci	Slovenia
country	The National Socialist Front (Swedish: Nationalsocialistisk front, NSF) was at the time of its dissolving the largest Neo-Nazi political party in Sweden.	National Socialist Front	Sweden
country	Bogdanovichsky District (Russian: Богдано́вичский райо́н) is an administrative district (raion), one of the thirty in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia.	Bogdanovichsky District	Russia
country	Deer stones (also known as reindeer stones) are ancient megaliths carved with symbols found largely in Siberia and Mongolia.	Deer stone	Mongolia
country	The Poor Knights Islands are a group of islands off the east coast of the Northland Region of the North Island of New Zealand.	Poor Knights Islands	New Zealand
country	Stare Kotkowice (ˈstarɛ kɔtkɔˈvit͡sɛ), German Alt Kuttendorf is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogówek (Gemeinde Oberglogau), within Prudnik County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Stare Kotkowice	Poland
country	The Banana Islands are a group of islands that lie off the coast south west of the Freetown Peninsula in the Western Area Sierra Leone.	Banana Islands	Sierra Leone
country	Gränsö Slott (Gränsö Castle) is a castle located near Västervik, Sweden.	Gränsö Slott	Sweden
country	The Tungnaá is a river in the southern Highlands of Iceland.	Tungnaá	Iceland
country	Avlonari (Greek: Αυλωνάρι) is a village and a community in the eastern part of the island of Euboea, Greece.	Avlonari	Greece
country	Il-dong (Hangul: 일동; hanja: 一洞) is a neighbourhood of Sangnok-gu, Ansan, Gyeonggi Province, South Korea.	Il-dong	South Korea
country	Dolná Streda (Hungarian: Alsószerdahely) is a village and municipality in the Galanta District of the Trnava Region of western Slovakia.	Dolná Streda	Slovakia
country	Delitangu-ye Sofla (Persian: دلي تنگوسفلي‎, also Romanized as Delītangū-ye Soflá; also known as Delītangū) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Delitangu-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Coliseum da Coruña is a stadium for concerts and shows used in A Coruña, Galicia, Spain.	Coliseum da Coruña	Spain
country	Corlier Aerodrome (French: Aérodrome de Corlier) (ICAO: LFJD) is an altiport located 1.1 km (0.6 NM) north-northwest of Corlier a commune in the Ain department of the Rhône-Alpes region in eastern France.	Corlier Aerodrome	France
country	10 Dundas East (formerly Metropolis and Toronto Life Square) is a retail, office and entertainment complex development on the north-east corner of the intersection of Yonge Street and Dundas Street in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	10 Dundas East	Canada
country	Mattru Jong commonly known as Mattru (sometimes spelled Matru) is the capital of Bonthe District in the Southern Province of Sierra Leone.	Mattru Jong	Sierra Leone
country	The Great Berlin Wheel was a giant Ferris wheel to be built near the Berlin Zoological Garden (Zoologischer Garten Berlin) in Berlin, Germany, by the Great Wheel Corporation.	Great Berlin Wheel	Germany
country	Waikari (Maori name 'Muddy Waters') is a small town in the Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island.	Waikari	New Zealand
country	Sonora Island is one of the outer islands (without ferry service) of the Discovery Islands of British Columbia, Canada.	Sonora Island	Canada
country	Serra de São Mamede (English: Saint Mammes Range) is a mountain range in Portalegre District, Portugal.	Serra de São Mamede	Portugal
country	Ktimenia (Greek: Κτημένια) is a former municipality in Evrytania, Greece.	Ktimenia	Greece
country	Restaurant De Lindehof is a restaurant located in Nuenen, in the Netherlands.	De Lindehof	Netherlands
country	Chakandra is a small village in Sheikhpura district, Bihar5465 state, India, ten kilometers from Sheikhpura town.	Chakandra	India
country	Bački Monoštor (Serbian Cyrillic: Бачки Моноштор) is a village located in the Sombor municipality, in the West Bačka District of Serbia.	Bački Monoštor	Serbia
country	Škufče (pronounced (ˈʃkuːftʃɛ)) is a small settlement east of the village of Ravnik in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Škufče	Slovenia
country	The Information and Consultation of Employees Regulations 2004 (SI 3426/2004) are a United Kingdom statutory instrument, which implemented the EU Information and Consultation of Employees Directive 2002/14/EC establishing a general framework for informing and consulting employees in the European Community.	Information and Consultation of Employees Regulations 2004	United Kingdom
country	Bamyan Airfield is a former military airfield in the Bamyan Province of Afghanistan.	Bamyan Airfield	Afghanistan
country	The Palermo Stone is held in the Antonio Salinas Regional Archaeological Museum in the city of Palermo, Italy, from which it derives its name.	Palermo Stone	Italy
country	Vettaikaranpudur is a village located 16 kilometres from Pollachi in Coimbatore District, Tamil Nadu, India.	Vettaikaranpudur	India
country	The City Municipality of Bremen (German: Stadtgemeinde Bremen, IPA: (ˈbʁeːmən)) is a Hanseatic city in northwestern Germany.	Bremen	Germany
country	Lake Esrum (Danish: Esrum Sø) is the largest lake in Denmark by water volume and the second-largest lake by surface area, after lake Arresø.	Lake Esrum	Denmark
country	Heilsbronn Abbey was a Cistercian monastery at Heilsbronn in the district of Ansbach in Middle Franconia, Bavaria, Germany.	Heilsbronn Abbey	Germany
country	Woronicze (vɔrɔˈnit͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Supraśl, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Woronicze	Poland
country	Splitska is an ancient village on the island of Brač in Croatia.	Splitska	Croatia
country	Podpeca (pronounced (pɔtˈpeːtsa)) is a settlement at the foothills of Mount Peca northwest of Črna na Koroškem in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia.	Podpeca	Slovenia
country	Amager Center is a shopping centre on Amager, just off Amagerbrogade, in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Amager Center	Denmark
country	Douentza Airport (ICAO: GADZ ) is an airstrip serving Douentza in Mali.	Douentza Airport	Mali
country	Te Whanganui-A-Hei (Cathedral Cove) Marine Reserve is on the Coromandel Peninsula in New Zealand covering an area of 840 hectares (2,100 acres).	Te Whanganui-A-Hei (Cathedral Cove) Marine Reserve	New Zealand
country	Došćica (Cyrillic: Дошћица) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Došćica	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Agam Kuan (Hindi: अगम कुआं ,``unfathomable well'') is an ancient well and archaeological site in Patna, India.	Agam Kuan	India
country	Parry Sound/Frying Pan Island-Sans Souci Water Aerodrome, (IATA: YSI, TC LID: CPS9), is located 11.5 nautical miles (21.3 km; 13.2 mi) southwest of Parry Sound, Ontario Canada.	Parry Sound/Frying Pan Island-Sans Souci Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Ciepielowice (t͡ɕɛpjɛlɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German Scheppelwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Ciepielowice	Poland
country	Darreh-ye Shu is a village in Baghlan Province in north eastern Afghanistan.	Darreh-ye Shu	Afghanistan
country	Lashkeran (Persian: لشكران‎, also Romanized as Lashkerān) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Lashkeran	Iran
country	Yad Natan (Hebrew: יַד נָתָן, lit. Memorial for Natan) is a moshav in southern Israel in Hevel Lakhish, near the town of Kiryat Gat.	Yad Natan	Israel
country	The Wandel Sea (also known as McKinley Sea) is a body of water in the Arctic Ocean, stretching from northeast of Greenland to Svalbard.	Wandel Sea	Greenland
country	Mardan ( مردان) is a city and headquarters of Mardan District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province, Pakistan.	Mardan	Pakistan
country	Lashkarian (Persian: لشكريان‎, also Romanized as Lashkarīān; also known as Lashgarīān and Lashgariyān) is a village in Malfejan Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lashkarian	Iran
country	The Korea International Circuit (코리아 인터내셔널 서킷) is a 5.62 km (3.49 mi) motorsport circuit located in Yeongam, South Jeolla, South Korea, 400 kilometres south of Seoul and near the port city of Mokpo.	Korea International Circuit	South Korea
country	Əbilyataq is a village on the Caspian Sea and a municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Əbilyataq	Azerbaijan
country	The Port of Giurgiulești is a port on the Danube River and the largest port in Moldova.	Port of Giurgiulești	Moldova
country	Westmoorings is a residential area on the island Trinidad, west of Port of Spain, the capital of Trinidad and Tobago.	Westmoorings	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Cipolletti (Spanish pronunciation: (sipoˈleti) or (tʃipoˈleti)) is a city in north of the Patagonian province of Río Negro, Argentina, with 75,078 inhabitants at the 2001 census (INDEC).	Cipolletti	Argentina
country	Kennebecasis Regional Police Force (KRPF) is the police force responsible for Towns of Rothesay and Quispamsis in the province of New Brunswick, Canada.	Kennebecasis Regional Police Force	Canada
country	Sausnēja parish (Latvian: Sausnējas pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Ērgļi Municipality, Latvia.	Sausnēja parish	Latvia
country	Marghdari-ye Debagh (Persian: مرغداري دباغ‎, also Romanized as Marghdārī-ye Debāgh) is a village in Shamsabad Rural District, in the Central District of Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Marghdari-ye Debagh	Iran
country	Tonlé San, also known as Tonlé Se San or Sesan River, is a river that flows through central Vietnam and northeast Cambodia.	Tonlé San	Vietnam	Cambodia
country	The Grand Prix de la Marne (commonly known as the Marne Grand Prix) was a motor race organized by the Automobile Club de Champagne and staged at the circuit Reims-Gueux on public roads located 7.5 km (4.7 mi) west of the city of Reims in the Marne département of north-eastern France.	Grand Prix de la Marne	France
country	Balule Nature Reserve is a protected area in Limpopo Province, South Africa which forms part of the Greater Kruger National Park as a member of the Associated Private Nature Reserves (APNR).	Balule Nature Reserve	South Africa
country	Nokhtalu (Persian: نخطالو‎, also Romanized as Nokhţalū, Nokhtalū, and Nokhtālū) is a village in Ajorluy-ye Sharqi Rural District, Baruq District, Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Nokhtalu	Iran
country	Wupperthal (sometimes also spelt Wuppertal) is a small town in the Cederberg mountains in the Western Cape province of South Africa.	Wupperthal	South Africa
country	Sadlinki (saˈdlinki) (German: Sedlinen) is a village in Kwidzyn County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sadlinki	Poland
country	Khunuyu (Aymara khunu snow, uyu corral, ``snow corral'', also spelled Cunuyo) is a mountain in the north of the Apolobamba mountain range on the border of Bolivia and Peru.	Khunuyu	Bolivia	Peru
country	Shenton College is a co-educational public secondary school located in Shenton Park, a suburb of Perth, Western Australia.	Shenton College	Australia
country	The Jardin botanique de Bordeaux (0.5 hectares) is a municipal botanical garden located at Place Bardineau, Bordeaux, Gironde, Aquitaine, France; it is open daily without charge.	Jardin botanique de Bordeaux	France
country	The Brasília National Park (Parque Nacional de Brasília) is a national park located 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) from the centre of Brasília, in the Federal District, in the center west of Brazil.	Brasília National Park	Brazil
country	Pasvik (also known as Paatsjoki in Finnish and Kven languages) is a village in Northern Norway.	Pasvik	Norway
country	The Reserva Provincial La Payunia (Spanish: La Payunia Provincial Reserve) also known as Payún or Payén is a natural reserve located in the Malargüe Department in the southern part of Mendoza Province, Argentina, about 160 km away from Malargüe city.	Reserva Provincial La Payunia	Argentina
country	The Grossmünster (``great minster'') is a Romanesque-style Protestant church in Zurich, Switzerland.	Grossmünster	Switzerland
country	Mash Brewing Company is a microbrewery in Henley Brook, located within the Swan Valley region of Western Australia.	Mash Brewing Company	Australia
country	Namaacha or Naamacha is a town in southern Mozambique, lying 80 kilometers west of Maputo on the border with Swaziland.	Namaacha	Mozambique
country	Avenida Álvaro Obregón is an avenue in the Roma district of Mexico City, divided by a park median along which fountains are located with characters from Roman and Greek mythology.	Avenida Álvaro Obregón	Mexico
country	Porto Jofre is a settlement in southern Brazil, located on the Cuiabá River in western Mato Grosso state.	Porto Jofre	Brazil
country	Sorkheh Jub (Persian: سرخه جوب‎, also Romanized as Sorkheh Jūb) is a village in Howmeh-ye Dehgolan Rural District, in the Central District of Dehgolan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Sorkheh Jub	Iran
country	Gorriti is a locality in Larraun, Norte de Aralar, Navarre, Spain.	Gorriti	Spain
country	Novi Ligure (Nêuve in Ligurian) is a city and comune north of Genoa, in the Piedmont region of the province of Alessandria of northwest Italy.	Novi Ligure	Italy
country	Anykščiai Regional Park covers 15,485 hectares (38,260 acres) in northeastern Lithuania near the city of Anykščiai.	Anykščiai Regional Park	Lithuania
country	Nong Nooch Tropical Botanical Garden is a 500-acre (2.0 km2) botanical garden and tourist attraction at kilometer 163 on Sukhumvit Road in Chonburi Province, Thailand.	Nong Nooch Tropical Botanical Garden	Thailand
country	Adarsh Public School (APS) (Hindi : आदर्श पब्लिक स्कूल) is a senior secondary public school located in Vikaspuri in Delhi, India.	Adarsh Public School	India
country	Srunsko (Bulgarian: Срънско) is a village in Ardino Municipality, Kardzhali Province, southern-central Bulgaria.	Srunsko	Bulgaria
country	Komárno (Hungarian: Komárom, colloquially Révkomárom, Öregkomárom, Észak-Komárom, German: Komorn, Serbian: Komoran/Коморан) is a town in Slovakia at the confluence of the Danube and the Váh rivers.	Komárno	Slovakia
country	Kowleh (Persian: كوله‎, also Romanized as Kaūleh, Kooleh, and Kūleh; also known as Qaula) is a village in Kowleh Rural District, Saral District, Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kowleh	Iran
country	Nutepelmen (Russian: Нутэпэльмен; Chukchi: Нутэпылмын), is a village (selo) on the northern shores of Iultinsky District, Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, in the Far Eastern Federal District of Russia.	Nutepelmen	Russia
country	Sardorov Karakhan (Persian: سردارف قره‌خان ‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Sardorov Karakhan	Tajikistan
country	Nir Galim (Hebrew: נִיר גַּלִּים, lit. Waves Meadow) is a religious moshav shitufi in south-central Israel, adjacent to the city of Ashdod.	Nir Galim	Israel
country	Suchá Hora transmitter is a facility for FM- and TV-transmission on 1,231.6 metres high mountain Skalka (Kremnica Mountains) near Banská Bystrica in Slovakia.	Suchá Hora transmitter	Slovakia
country	Darin Qaleh (Persian: درين قلعه‎, also Romanized as Darīn Qal``eh) is a village in Baranduzchay-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 379, in 74 families.	Darin Qaleh	Iran
country	Vodnik Square (Slovene: Vodnikov trg) is a town square in Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia.	Vodnik Square	Slovenia
country	The Norwegian Armed Forces (Norwegian: Forsvaret, ``The Defence'') is the military organisation responsible for the defence of Norway.	Norwegian Armed Forces	Norway
country	Loukhsky District (Russian: Ло́ухский райо́н; Karelian: Louhen piiri) is an administrative district (raion), one of the fifteen in the Republic of Karelia, Russia.	Loukhsky District	Russia
country	Santoña is a town in the eastern coast of the autonomous community of Cantabria, on the north coast of Spain.	Santoña	Spain
country	Mrowiny (mrɔˈvinɨ) (German: Konradswaldau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarów, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Mrowiny	Poland
country	The Philippe Cousteau Anchor Museum ((Spanish): Museo de Anclas Philippe Cousteau) is located in Salinas, a town within the Castrillón municipality of Asturias, Spain.	Philippe Cousteau Anchor Museum	Spain
country	Poltava Art Museum is in Poltava, Ukraine, containing many works of native and foreign art and a rich ethnographic collection.	Poltava Art Museum	Ukraine
country	Kaltenleutgeben is a town with a population of 3302 in the district of Mödling in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.	Kaltenleutgeben	Austria
country	Sialkot Fort is one of the oldest forts in Pakistan.	Sialkot Fort	Pakistan
country	Kista Torn are a pair of 16 and 35-story apartment buildings connected at their base, currently under construction in Kista district of Stockholm, Sweden.	Kista Torn	Sweden
country	The Parliament of Galicia (Galician: Parlamento de Galicia) is the unicameral legislature of the autonomous community of Galicia, Spain.	Parliament of Galicia	Spain
country	Bolshevo (Russian: Болшево) - the area of the city of Korolev (an industrial city in Moscow Oblast, Russia, well known as the cradle of Soviet and Russian space exploration), the historical part of it.	Bolshevo	Russia
country	The Baía de São Marcos is a bay of the Atlantic Ocean in Maranhão state of northeastern Brazil.	Baía de São Marcos	Brazil
country	Osakarov District is (Kazakh: Осакаров ауданы) a district of Karaganda Region in central Kazakhstan.	Osakarov District	Kazakhstan
country	Old Åkra Church (Norwegian: Åkra gamle kirke) is a parish church in Karmøy municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.	Old Åkra Church	Norway
country	Goslar is a historic town in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Goslar	Germany
country	Cobram railway station is a former railway station in the town of Cobram, Victoria, Australia.	Cobram railway station	Australia
country	The Briskeby Line (Norwegian: Briskebylinjen) is a line of the Oslo Tramway, Norway.	Briskeby Line	Norway
country	Irsching Power Station is close to the city of Vohburg, Germany, and is operated as a so-called peak load power station.	Irsching Power Station	Germany
country	La Moncada is a small town in the Tarimoro Municipality of Guanajuato, Mexico.	La Moncada	Mexico
country	The Lotrščak Tower (Croatian: Kula Lotrščak, pronounced (kǔːla lotrʃtʃâːk)) is a fortified tower located in Zagreb, Croatia, in an old part of town called Gradec or Gornji grad (Upper Town).	Lotrščak Tower	Croatia
country	The Cerghid River ( Hungarian: Cserked, Cserked-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania, Romania.	Cerghid River	Romania
country	Kupyn (Ukrainian: Купин; Russian: Купин Kupin) is a village in the Horodotskyi Raion of Khmelnytskyi Oblast, in Ukraine.	Kupyn	Ukraine
country	NOV Fm is a French A-Category community radio whose headquarters is located in Saint-Gervais, France in Vendée.	NOV Fm	France
country	Pludual (Breton: Plual) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Pludual	France
country	Warmątowice (varmɔntɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Opolskie, within Strzelce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Warmątowice	Poland
country	The Roman city of Argentomagus was located in the Mersans plateau of central France, at the strategic point on the north bank of the River Creuse, where a Roman bridge once traversed.	Argentomagus	France
country	Karachaganak Field is a gas condensate field in Kazakhstan.	Karachaganak Field	Kazakhstan
country	Rubber is a prime crop in Koottickal, one of the first places in India where it was cultivated.	Koottickal	India
country	Kolnowice (kɔlnɔˈvʲit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała, within Prudnik County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kolnowice	Poland
country	Gidan Madi is a village in Tangaza Local Government Area in Sokoto State, Nigeria, close to the larger town of Sutti.	Gidan Madi	Nigeria
country	Burkau (Sorbian: Porchow) is a municipality in the east of Saxony, in the district of Bautzen in Germany.	Burkau	Germany
country	Tehla (Hungarian: Töhöl) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia.	Tehla	Slovakia
country	Damcheh (Persian: دامچه‎, also Romanized as Dāmcheh) is a village in Deh Fish Rural District, Banaruiyeh District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Damcheh	Iran
country	Askeran Region (Armenian: Ասկերան) is one of the eight regions of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic (NKR), coterminous with the Azerbaijani Khojali District.	Askeran Region	Nagorno-Karabakh
country	Mastu (Persian: مستو‎, also Romanized as Mastū) is a village in Byaban Rural District, Byaban District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Mastu	Iran
country	Reichenau an der Rax is a market town in the Austrian state of Lower Austria, situated at the foot of the Rax mountain range on the Schwarza river, a headstream of the Leitha.	Reichenau an der Rax	Austria
country	Wola Sękowa is about 15 miles from Sanok in southeast Poland near the border with Slovakia and Ukraine.	Wola Sękowa	Poland
country	Carol Davila University of Medicine and Pharmacy is a public health sciences University in Bucharest, Romania.	Carol Davila University of Medicine and Pharmacy	Romania
country	As of 2011 census of India, Kherli has a population of 15,506.	Kherli	India
country	Budy Łękawickie (ˈbudɨ wɛnkaˈvit͡skʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Budy Łękawickie	Poland
country	Plakhino (Russian: Пла́хино) is a village (selo) in Zakharovsky District of Ryazan Oblast, Russia.	Plakhino	Russia
country	Shahrak-e Behruzi (Persian: شهرك بهروزي‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Behrūzī) is a village in Qeblehi Rural District, in the Central District of Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Behruzi	Iran
country	Ürümqi (literally ``beautiful pasture'', from the Dzungar Oirat language) is the capital of the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China in Northwest China.	Ürümqi	People's Republic of China
country	Jaroměř (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjaromɲɛr̝̊); German: Jermer) is a town in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.	Jaroměř	Czech Republic
country	Smokvica (Italian: Smoquizza) is a village on the island of Korčula and a municipality in the Dubrovnik-Neretva County in Croatia.	Smokvica	Croatia
country	Alzey (German pronunciation: (ˈaltsaɪ)) is a Verband-free town -- one belonging to no Verbandsgemeinde -- in the Alzey-Worms district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Alzey	Germany
country	The Aalter Formation (Dutch: Formatie van Aalter, abbreviation: Aa; named after the town of Aalter in East-Flanders) is a geologic formation in the subsurface of northwest Belgium.	Aalter Formation	Belgium
country	Cabañeros National Park (in Spanish: Parque Nacional de Cabañeros) is a national park in the Montes de Toledo, Spain.	Cabañeros National Park	Spain
country	The Latin Carga Convair CV-880 crash happened on Monday, November 3, 1980 at the Simon Bolivar International Airport in Caracas, Venezuela.	Latin Carga Convair CV-880 crash	Venezuela
country	Loka pri Mengšu (pronounced (ˈloːka pɾi ˈmeːŋɡʃu); German: Laak bei Mannsburg) is a village in the Municipality of Mengeš in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Loka pri Mengšu	Slovenia
country	Ilok is the easternmost town and municipality in northeastern Croatia, in Slavonia.	Ilok	Croatia
country	The Setesdal Line (Norwegian: Setesdalsbanen) was a railway between Kristiansand and Byglandsfjord in southern Norway, 78 km (48 mi) long.	Setesdal Line	Norway
country	Sreekaryam (Malayalam: ശ്രീകാര്യം) is a place in Thiruvananthapuram city in Kerala, India.	Sreekaryam	India
country	Mangerton or Mangerton Mountain (Irish: an Mhangarta) is a mountain in County Kerry, Republic of Ireland.	Mangerton Mountain	Ireland
country	Shpola (Ukrainian: Шпола, Yiddish: שפּאָלע) is a city located in the Cherkasy Oblast (province) in central Ukraine.	Shpola	Ukraine
country	Arnoldo Mondadori Editore, the largest publisher in Italy, was founded at Ostiglia in 1907.	Ostiglia	Italy
country	Ukanc (pronounced (ˈuːkants)) is a settlement near Lake Bohinj in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Ukanc	Slovenia
country	Thörey is a village near Ichtershausen in Ilm-Kreis, Thuringia, Germany, with about 250 inhabitants.	Thörey	Germany
country	Yandobinskoye Rural Settlement (Russian: Яндобинское се́льское поселе́ние; Chuvash: Юнтапа ял тăрăхĕ, Yountapa jal tărăkhĕ) is an administrative and municipal division (a rural settlement) of Alikovsky District of the Chuvash Republic, Russia.	Yandobinskoye Rural Settlement	Russia
country	Badakhshan University (Persian: دانشگاه بدخشان‎) is located in Badakhshan province, northern Afghanistan.	Badakhshan University	Afghanistan
country	Lägh da Cavloc (Italian: Lago di Cavloccio) is a lake near Maloja Pass in the Val Forno, Grisons, Switzerland.	Lägh da Cavloc	Switzerland
country	Wola Boglewska (ˈvɔla bɔˈɡlɛfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasieniec, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Boglewska	Poland
country	Spodnje Partinje (pronounced (ˈspoːdnjɛ paɾˈtiːnjɛ)) is a small settlement in the Slovene Hills (Slovene: Slovenske gorice) in the Municipality of Lenart in northeastern Slovenia.	Spodnje Partinje	Slovenia
country	Ærøya (also known as Aerøy) is an island south of Hisøy in the Aust-Agder county of Norway.	Ærøya	Norway
country	The Gdańsk University of Technology (Polish: Politechnika Gdańska) is a technical university in Gdańsk-Wrzeszcz, and one of the oldest universities in Poland.	Gdańsk University of Technology	Poland
country	Qeshlaq-e Mir Avaz (Persian: قشلاق ميرعوض‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Mīr ʿAvaz̤) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Mir Avaz	Iran
country	Velebit (pronounced (v̞ɛlɛ̌bit); Italian: Alpi Bebie) is the largest though not the highest mountain range in Croatia.	Velebit	Croatia
country	Khakhri is a village mainly administered by Baghela Rajputs, a part of Udaipur district in the state of Rajasthan India.	Khakhri	India
country	Kirkkokari (``the Church Islet'', also known as Saint Henry's Island) is a small island in Lake Köyliö in Köyliö municipality, Satakunta, Finland.	Kirkkokari	Finland
country	Named after the street on which it stood, Galerías Preciados was, along with El Corte Inglés, one of the economic motors of the retail industry in post-war Spain.	Galerías Preciados	Spain
country	The Manitoba Sports Hall of Fame and Museum is a museum in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, dedicated to the history of sport in Manitoba and honouring the best in sport.	Manitoba Sports Hall of Fame and Museum	Canada
country	The Buloh Kasap Bridge (Malay: Jambatan Buloh Kasap) is a famous historical bridge during World War II. It is located on Federal route in the town of Buloh Kasap, Johor, Malaysia.	Buloh Kasap Bridge	Malaysia
country	Ganga Talao (Hindi: गङ तलओ; also known as Grand Bassin) is a crater lake situated in a secluded mountain area in the district of Savanne, deep in the heart of Mauritius.	Ganga Talao	Mauritius
country	Pain Darreh (Persian: پائين دره‎, also Romanized as Pā’īn Darreh) is a village in Mokriyan-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Pain Darreh	Iran
country	Sargatskoye (Russian: Сарга́тское), colloquially known as Sargatka (Сарга́тка), is an urban locality (a work settlement) and the administrative center of Sargatsky District of Omsk Oblast, Russia, located 75 kilometers (47 mi) north of Omsk along the Irtysh River.	Sargatskoye	Russia
country	Saltholmen Lighthouse is a lighthouse that is on a small island off Lillesand in Aust-Agder County, Norway.	Saltholmen Lighthouse	Norway
country	Flamboro Downs is Canada's fastest half-mile harness horse racing track, based in Hamilton (Flamborough), Ontario since April, 1975.	Flamboro Downs	Canada
country	Fagal is a coastal village in eastern Djibouti.	Fagal	Djibouti
country	Žanjevica (Serbian Cyrillic: Жањевица) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Žanjevica	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Melkorkustead (Old Norse Melkorkustaðir) was a farm in western Iceland during the Icelandic Commonwealth period.	Melkorkustaðir	Iceland
country	Paudash (Paudash Lake) Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CPD5) is an aerodrome located on Paudash Lake 3 nautical miles (5.6 km; 3.5 mi) southwest of Paudash, Ontario, Canada.	Paudash (Paudash Lake) Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Qullqi Warani (Aymara qullqi silver, also spelled Kollke Huarani) is a mountain in the Oruro Department in Bolivia at the border with Chile, north-west of the extinct Sajama volcano.	Qullqi Warani	Bolivia
country	Lovrenc na Dravskem Polju (pronounced (ˈloːu̯ɾɛnts na ˈdɾaːu̯skɛm ˈpoːlju); Slovene: Lovrenc na Dravskem polju) is a village in the Municipality of Kidričevo in northeastern Slovenia.	Lovrenc na Dravskem Polju	Slovenia
country	Klipdrif Dam is an earth-fill type dam located on the Ensel Spruit, near Potchefstroom, North West, South Africa.	Klipdrif Dam	South Africa
country	Voerendaal (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈvuːrə(n)daːl); Limburgish: Voelender) is a municipality and a town in the southeastern Netherlands.	Voerendaal	Netherlands
country	Firebase Ross (also known as Hill 51) was a U.S. Marine Corps, Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) base located in the Quế Sơn Valley southwest of Hội An, Quảng Nam Province in central Vietnam.	Firebase Ross	Vietnam
country	Krypno (ˈkrɨpnɔ) is a village in Mońki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Krypno	Poland
country	Lajarab (Persian: لجاراب‎, also Romanized as Lajārāb) is a village in Nargesan Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Lajarab	Iran
country	Pordašinci (Hungarian: Kisfalu) is a roadside village in the Municipality of Moravske Toplice in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia, close to the border with Hungary.	Pordašinci	Slovenia
country	Segovci (pronounced (ˈseːɡɔu̯tsi)) is a village on the right bank of the Mura River in the Municipality of Apače in northeastern Slovenia, on the border with Austria.	Segovci	Slovenia
country	Prempeh College won the 2015 edition of the National Science and Maths Quiz after beating Adisadel College and University Practice SHS in the final making them 3 time champions of the competition, making it the second school in Ghana to clinch a trophy for keeps.	Prempeh College	Ghana
country	Fruitland Falls is an 8.5 metre high fan ribbon cascade waterfall found on CN property in Stoney Creek, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Fruitland Falls	Canada
country	The University of Ragusa (Italian: Università di Ragusa) is a university located in Ragusa and Ragusa Ibla Italy, and founded in 1998.This university depends on Catania University and It is the most recent university in Sicily.	University of Ragusa	Italy
country	Thampalakamam railway station is a railway station in the town of Thampalakamam in eastern Sri Lanka.	Thampalakamam railway station	Sri Lanka
country	The Iturranduz Dam was a Roman buttress dam in Navarra, Spain.	Iturranduz Dam	Spain
country	Rahim Yar Khan railway station (Urdu: رحیم یار خان ریلوے اسٹیشن‎) is located in Rahim Yar Khan city, Rahim Yar Khan district of Punjab province of the Pakistan.	Rahim Yar Khan railway station	Pakistan
country	Madruga (Spanish pronunciation: (maˈðɾuɣa)) is a municipality and town in the Mayabeque Province of Cuba.	Madruga	Cuba
country	Dangyaband (also, Dengyavin) is a village in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Dangyaband	Azerbaijan
country	Neve Harif (Hebrew: נְוֵה חָרִיף) is a kibbutz in southern Israel.	Neve Harif	Israel
country	Ch'iyar T'ikhi (Aymara ch'iyara black, t'ikhi a hairstyle of the indigenous women where the ends of the hair are tied, ``black t'ikhi'', hispanicized spelling Chiarthiji, Chiartiji) is a mountain in the Cordillera Real in the Andes of Bolivia, about 5,092 metres (16,706 ft) high.	Ch'iyar T'ikhi	Bolivia
country	Łagisza Power Station (Polish: Elektrownia Łagisza) is a coal-fired thermal power station at Łagisza in Będzin, Poland.	Łagisza Power Station	Poland
country	Baksan River, also known as Azau (Russian: Баксан, Азау) is a river in Kabardino-Balkaria in Russia.	Baksan River	Russia
country	Moulay Ali Cherif Airport (Arabic: مطار مولاي علي الشريف‎) (IATA: ERH, ICAO: GMFK) is an airport serving Errachidia (Er-Rachidia), a town in the Drâa-Tafilalet region in Morocco.	Moulay Ali Cherif Airport	Morocco
country	Jahanabad Rural District (Persian: دهستان جهان آباد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Jahanabad Rural District	Iran
country	Waja (also known as Waja Temuga) is a town in northern Ethiopia.	Waja	Ethiopia
country	Pühalepa (German: Pühhalep) is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.	Pühalepa	Estonia
country	Hradec Králové (Czech pronunciation: (ˈɦradɛt͡s ˈkraːlovɛː); German: Königgrätz) is a city of the Czech Republic, in the Hradec Králové Region of Bohemia.	Hradec Králové	Czech Republic
country	Miryang, often spelled Milyang, is a city in Gyeongsangnam-do Province, South Korea.	Miryang	South Korea
country	Semeteš (Serbian: Semeteš, Serbian Cyrillic: Семетеш) is a town in Serbia.	Semeteš	Serbia
country	The Totnansberg, occasionally also called the Totmannsberg, is the highest peak in the Black Mountains, a subunit of the Rhön in central Germany.	Totnansberg	Germany
country	The Oga Peninsula (男鹿半島 Oga-hantō) is a rugged peninsula which projects west into the Sea of Japan from the coast of Akita in northern Honshū, the main island of Japan.	Oga Peninsula	Japan
country	Kaffeklubben Island or Coffee Club Island (Danish: Kaffeklubben Ø; Greenlandic: Inuit Qeqertaat) is a small island lying off the northern tip of Greenland.	Kaffeklubben Island	Greenland
country	Kastellholmen is a small island in the centre of Stockholm, Sweden, connected to the adjacent Skeppsholmen through the bridge Kastellholmsbron.	Kastellholmen	Sweden
country	Sorkwity (sɔrkˈfitɨ) (German: Sorquitten) is a village in Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sorkwity	Poland
country	Peringottukara is a village in the western coastal side of India.	Peringottukara	India
country	The Commana Parish close (Enclos paroissial) is located at Commana in the arrondissement of Morlaix in Brittany in north-western France.	Commana Parish close	France
country	El Asintal (Spanish pronunciation: (el asinˈtal)) is a municipality in the Retalhuleu department of Guatemala.	El Asintal	Guatemala
country	Nicola Valley Institute of Technology (NVIT) is British Columbia's Aboriginal public post-secondary institute in Merritt, British Columbia, Canada.	Nicola Valley Institute of Technology	Canada
country	Sintgaing (Burmese: စဥ့်ကိုင်မြို့) is a town in the Mandalay Region of central Myanmar.	Sintgaing	Myanmar
country	Ruhama (Hebrew: רֻחָמָה, ``Mercy'') is a kibbutz in the Negev desert in southern Israel.	Ruhama	Israel
country	Bost Airport (IATA: BST, ICAO: OABT) is an airport serving Lashkar Gah, a city in Helmand Province in Afghanistan.	Bost Airport	Afghanistan
country	Grabów Szlachecki (ˈɡrabuf ʂlaˈxɛt͡ski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowodwór, within Ryki County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Grabów Szlachecki	Poland
country	Valgejõgi (lit. White River) is a river in Northern Estonia.	Valgejõgi	Estonia
country	Baška Voda (pronounced (bâʃkaː vɔ̌da); Italian: Porto Bestonio), is a municipality in Croatia in the Split-Dalmatia County.	Baška Voda	Croatia
country	Karyochori (Greek: Καρυοχώρι meaning walnut village, before 1927: Κοζλούκιοϊ - Kozloukioi) is a village in the municipal unit of Agia Paraskevi in the Kozani regional unit, northern Greece.	Karyochori	Greece
country	Read Bridge (Chinese: 李德桥) is a beam-structured bridge located at Clarke Quay within the Singapore River Planning Area in Singapore.	Read Bridge	Singapore
country	The Sector 16 Stadium (Punjabi: ਸੇਕ੍ਟਰ ੧੬ ਸਟੇਡਿਯਮ, Hindi: सेक्टर १६ स्तादियम) is a cricket stadium in Chandigarh, India.	Sector 16 Stadium	India
country	Krasnobród Landscape Park (Krasnobrodzki Park Krajobrazowy) is a protected area (Landscape Park) in eastern Poland, established in 1988 below the town of Krasnobród and covering an area of 93.90 square kilometres (36.25 sq mi).	Krasnobród Landscape Park	Poland
country	The Algebuckina Bridge is a Victorian era railway bridge south-east of Oodnadatta, on the Central Australian Railway in South Australia, and opened in January 1892.	Algebuckina Bridge	Australia
country	The CHIO Aachen is a popular international horse show held in Aachen, Germany held each summer.	CHIO Aachen	Germany
country	Autopista 30 de Mayo (English for highway 30th of May) is a highway in the Dominican Republic.	Autopista 30 de Mayo	Dominican Republic
country	Pupnat is a village on the island of Korčula in Croatia on the Dalmatian coast within the Dubrovnik-Neretva county.	Pupnat	Croatia
country	Minaxorlu (also, Minəxorlu and Minakhorlu) is a village and municipality in the Aghjabadi Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Minaxorlu	Azerbaijan
country	Zureda (Zurea in Asturian) is one of 24 parishes (administrative divisions) in Lena, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in coastal northern Spain.	Zureda	Spain
country	Al Hoceima National Park is a national park, outside the town of Al Hoceima in Morocco.	Al Hoceima National Park	Morocco
country	Stare Selo Castle is a castle in Stare Selo village, Pustomyty Raion, Lviv Oblast, Ukraine.	Stare Selo Castle	Ukraine
country	Lambertseter is a suburb of the city of Oslo, Norway, and is part of the borough of Nordstrand.	Lambertseter	Norway
country	Qeshlaq-e Mira Alam (Persian: قشلاق ميراعلم‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Mīrā ʿAlam) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Mira Alam	Iran
country	Wervik is one of the oldest towns in Belgium.	Wervik	Belgium
country	In 2013 the station changed its name to 91.7 ABC Gold Coast in alignment with the nomenclature used for other ABC Local Radio stations across Australia.	91.7 ABC Gold Coast	Australia
country	Hölty-Gymnasium is a public high school established in 1922 in Wunstorf, Germany.	Hölty-Gymnasium	Germany
country	Khallet el Hamra or Khallet Hamra is a ravine or wadi joining the larger Wadi Yaroun located 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) southeast of Ain Ebelin the Bint Jbeil District of Nabatieh Governorate in Lebanon.	Khallet el Hamra	Lebanon
country	Markaba (Arabic: مركبا‎) is a village located at Marjayoun municipality at Nabatieh Governorate, Lebanon.	Markaba	Lebanon
country	Krong Kracheh is a district located in Kratié Province, in Cambodia.	Krong Kracheh	Cambodia
country	Upper Baddibu was one of the six districts of the North Bank Division of The Gambia.	Upper Baddibu	Gambia
country	Murzard-e Nasrollah (Persian: مورزردنصراله‎, also Romanized as Mūrzard-e Naṣrollah) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Murzard-e Nasrollah	Iran
country	Vardø Chapel or Steglnes Chapel (Norwegian: Vardø kapell / Steglnes kapell) is a chapel in Vardø Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Vardø Chapel	Norway
country	The Galle Fort Hotel in Sri Lanka is a 12 room boutique hotel, situated inside Galle Fort, Galle.	Galle Fort Hotel	Sri Lanka
country	The River Sine or Sine River (Siin in Serer language) is a river in Senegal.	Sine River	Senegal
country	The Hoggar Mountains (Arabic: جبال هقار‎, Berber: idurar n Ahaggar, Tuareg: Idurar Uhaggar), also known as the Ahaggar, are a highland region in the central Sahara, southern Algeria, along the Tropic of Cancer.	Hoggar Mountains	Algeria
country	National Penghu University of Science and Technology (NPU; Chinese: 國立澎湖科技大學; pinyin: Guólì Pēnghú Kējì Dàxué) is a public university located in Magong City, Penghu, Taiwan.	National Penghu University of Science and Technology	Taiwan
country	The Archives of Republika Srpska (Serbo-Croatian: Архив Републике Српске, Arhiv Republike Srpske) is an administrative organisation within the Ministry of Education and Culture of Republika Srpska, one of two constituent entities of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Archives of Republika Srpska	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Daylaqlı (until 2003, Əzızbəyov and Azizbekov) is a village and municipality in the Shahbuz District of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan.	Daylaqlı	Azerbaijan
country	The 1956 Winter Olympics, officially known as the VII Olympic Winter Games (French: Les VIIes Jeux olympiques d'hiver) (Italian: VII Giochi olimpici invernali), was a winter multi-sport event celebrated in Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy.	1956 Winter Olympics	Italy
country	Novoshakhtinsky (Russian: Новоша́хтинский) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Mikhaylovsky District of Primorsky Krai, Russia.	Novoshakhtinsky	Russia
country	Mahmudi-ye Bala (Persian: محمودي بالا‎, also Romanized as Maḩmūdī-ye Bālā; also known as Maḩmūdī) is a village in Qorqori Rural District, Qorqori District, Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mahmudi-ye Bala	Iran
country	Wentian Town (simplified Chinese: 文田镇; traditional Chinese: 文田鎮; pinyin: Wentian Zhen) is an urban town in Xinhua County, Loudi City, Hunan Province, People's Republic of China.	Wentian	People's Republic of China
country	The Oksem, Dongsolbatsem, Sesolbatsem and Namsolbatsem Islands Important Bird Area comprises a group of small islands, with a collective area of about 50 ha, in the north-eastern Yellow Sea, lying close to the western coast of North Korea.	Oksem, Dongsolbatsem, Sesolbatsem and Namsolbatsem Islands Important Bird Area	North Korea
country	Anushakti Nagar is the residential township of the Bhabha Atomic Research Center, Nuclear Power Corporation of India, Directorate of Construction Services and Estate Management, Atomic Energy Education Society in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.	Anushakti Nagar	India
country	Vidošiči (pronounced (ˈʋiːdɔʃitʃi); German: Widoschitz) is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia, next to the border with Croatia.	Vidošiči	Slovenia
country	Techi Dam (Chinese: 德基水庫; pinyin: Déjī Shuǐkù) is a concrete thin arch dam on the Dajia River in Heping District, Taichung, Taiwan.	Techi Dam	Taiwan
country	Kabwelume Falls is a waterfall on the Kalungwishi River in the Northern Province of Zambia.	Kabwelume Falls	Zambia
country	Ami'oz (Hebrew: עַמִּיעוֹז) is a moshav in southern Israel.	Ami'oz	Israel
country	Longana is a village located on the eastern part of Ambae island in Penama Province, Vanuatu.	Longana	Vanuatu
country	The Free-minded Liberal Party (Norwegian: Frisinnede Venstre) was a political party in Norway founded in 1909 by the conservative-liberal faction of the Liberal Party.	Free-minded Liberal Party	Norway
country	Simlinge Church (Swedish: Simlinge kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church north-east of Trelleborg, Sweden.	Simlinge Church	Sweden
country	Democratic Party of Unity (Serbian: Демократска странка јединства, Demokratska stranka jedinstva) is a Montenegrin-Serbian Unionist political party in Montenegro.	Democratic Party of Unity	Montenegro
country	Korkadu (Tamil: கோர்காடு) is a panchayat village in Nettapakkam Commune in the Union Territory of Puducherry, India.	Korkadu	India
country	Post Kandi (Persian: پست كندي‎, also Romanized as Post Kandī) is a village in Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District, Arshaq District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Post Kandi	Iran
country	Palaiochouni (Greek: Παλαιοχούνη) is a village in the municipal unit Valtetsi, Arcadia, Greece.	Palaiochouni	Greece
country	Port Alfred is a small town with a population of just under 26,000 in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.	Port Alfred	South Africa
country	Bachórzec (baˈxuʐɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubiecko, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Bachórzec	Poland
country	Merge in Takapuna is a mixed-use development / residential skyscraper proposed for Takapuna, North Shore City, New Zealand.	Merge in Takapuna	New Zealand
country	Wattle Grove Lake is a small artificially constructed lake in suburb of Wattle Grove, Sydney, Australia.	Wattle Grove Lake	Australia
country	Chitreshwar is a village in Baharagora block, East Singhbhum district, Jharkhand state, India.	Chitreshwar	India
country	Mahmudabad-e Kordeh (Persian: محمود آباد کرده‎, also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād-e Kordeh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Garmsar County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Mahmudabad-e Kordeh	Iran
country	Istigol (Persian: استي گل‎, also Romanized as Īstīgol; also known as Īstī Qol) is a village in Anguran Rural District, Anguran District, Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Istigol	Iran
country	Nuuksio National Park (Finnish: Nuuksion kansallispuisto, Swedish: Noux nationalpark) is one of the national parks in Finland.	Nuuksio National Park	Finland
country	Antemnae was town and Roman colony of ancient Latium in Italy.	Antemnae	Italy
country	Čakovec Hydroelectric Power Plant is a large hydroelectric power plant in Croatia that has four turbines with a nominal capacity of 21 MW each having a total capacity of 84 MW.	Čakovec Hydroelectric Power Plant	Croatia
country	Alingsås (pronunciation in Swedish: Alingsås ) is a locality and the seat of Alingsås Municipality in Västra Götaland County, Sweden.	Alingsås	Sweden
country	Nagarote (Spanish pronunciation: (naɣaˈɾote)) is a municipality in the León department of Nicaragua with a population of approximately 32,000 people.	Nagarote	Nicaragua
country	Akwa Ibom State Association of Nigeria, USA Inc., otherwise known as AKISAN is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization based in the United States of America, which promotes the interests of the citizens of Akwa Ibom State of Nigeria both in the homeland and the diaspora.	Akwa Ibom State Association of Nigeria, USA Inc.	United States of America
country	The Sase prospect is a copper-bearing deposit in Katanga Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo, being developed by Tiger Resources.	Sase prospect	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Rudbar Yakhkesh (Persian: رودباريخ كش‎, also Romanized as Rūdbār Yakhkesh; also known as Rūdbār) is a village in Panj Hezareh Rural District, in the Central District of Behshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Rudbar Yakhkesh	Iran
country	Norra Fäladen is a city district in Lund, Sweden.	Norra Fäladen	Sweden
country	The Scherpenberg mill, located in Westmalle, Belgium, is a tower mill that was built in 1843 to grind grain into flour.	Scherpenberg mill	Belgium
country	Lethbridge (Gunnlaugson) Aerodrome (TC LID: CGN3) is an aerodrome located 6.8 nautical miles (12.6 km; 7.8 mi) northeast of Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada.	Lethbridge (Gunnlaugson) Aerodrome	Canada
country	Pain Narenj Lengeh (Persian: پائين نارنج لنگه‎, also Romanized as Pā’īn Nārenj Lengeh) is a village in Ahandan Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pain Narenj Lengeh	Iran
country	Karpinsk (Russian: Карпи́нск) is a town in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Turya River (Ob's basin), 436 kilometers (271 mi) north of Yekaterinburg, the administrative center of the oblast.	Karpinsk	Russia
country	Chamabad (Persian: چم اباد‎, also Romanized as Chamābād) is a village in Shurab-e Tangazi Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Chamabad	Iran
country	Vlashnjë (Serbian Cyrillic: Влашња) is a village in the Prizren district of Kosovo.	Vlashnjë	Kosovo
country	Perak Turf Club is the major Thoroughbred horse racing facility in Ipoh, Perak, Malaysia.	Perak Turf Club	Malaysia
country	Bay Le Moine (or La Moine Bay) is a natural bay on the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Bay Le Moine	Canada
country	Marselisborg Forests (Danish: Marselisborgskovene) or simply Marselisborg Forest, is a 1,300 hectares (3,200 acres) forest to the south of Aarhus City in Denmark.	Marselisborg Forests	Denmark
country	St Andrew's Church, Brighton, is the Anglican parish church of the beachside suburb of Brighton, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	St Andrew's Church, Brighton	Australia
country	Garorim Bay Tidal Power Station is a planned tidal power plant in Garorim Bay, on the west coast of South Korea.	Garorim Bay Tidal Power Station	South Korea
country	Flåvær is group of islets and skerries in the Herøyfjord in the municipality of Herøy in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Flåvær	Norway
country	The Schurre (pronounced ``shoorer'') is a stone run in the Bode Gorge in the Lower Harz near Thale in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Schurre	Germany
country	Skawina (skaˈvʲina) is a town in southern Poland with 27,328 inhabitants (2008).	Skawina	Poland
country	Hyrax Hill is a prehistoric site near Nakuru in the Rift Valley province of Kenya.	Hyrax Hill	Kenya
country	Richmond Hill Transit was created in 1960 to provide public transit service in Richmond Hill, Ontario, Canada.	Richmond Hill Transit	Canada
country	IIT, Informatics Institute of Technology (formerly IICS, Informatics Institute of Computer Studies) is a private higher educational institute in Sri Lanka which specializes in Information Technology.	Informatics Institute of Technology	Sri Lanka
country	Darreh Marun (Persian: دره مارون‎, also Romanized as Darreh Mārūn) is a village in Qarah Chaman Rural District, Arzhan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Darreh Marun	Iran
country	Doorwerth Castle (Dutch: Kasteel Doorwerth) is a medieval castle situated on the river Rhine near the city of Arnhem, Netherlands.	Doorwerth Castle	Netherlands
country	Metalworks Institute is a private career college located in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.	Metalworks Institute	Canada
country	Vaďovce (Hungarian: Vagyóc) is a village and municipality in Nové Mesto nad Váhom District in the Trenčín Region of western Slovakia between Biele and Male Karpaty.	Vaďovce	Slovakia
country	Miguel de Cervantes Health Care Centre (Miguel de Cervantes H.C.C.) is a building located at Alcalá de Henares (Madrid - Spain), which belongs to the Health Service of Madrid and it is assigned to direct public health care attention.	Miguel de Cervantes Health Care Centre	Spain
country	Agnam Thiodaye is a village in the Matam department in the north-east of Senegal.	Agnam Thiodaye	Senegal
country	Mazzara Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in Italy, which was located about 3 km north-northeast of Mazara del Vallo on Sicily.	Mazzara Airfield	Italy
country	Ermita del Cerro de los Mártires is a church located in San Fernando in the Province of Cádiz, Andalusia, Spain.	Ermita del Cerro de los Mártires	Spain
country	Jangal (Persian: جنگل‎‎) is a city in and the capital of Jangal District, in Rashtkhvar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jangal	Iran
country	Mikal (Persian: ميكال‎, also Romanized as Mīkāl) is a village in Deylaman Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Mikal	Iran
country	Basciano is a town and comune in the province of Teramo, in the Abruzzo region of east central Italy.	Basciano	Italy
country	The Mont Bessou viewing tower is a purpose-built panoramic tower, north of the town of Meymac in the Corrèze department of the Limousin (region) of France	Mont Bessou viewing tower	France
country	There are no remains, except the site of the Fort Massey Cemetery, maintained by Veterans Affairs Canada.	Fort Massey Cemetery	Canada
country	Suhajar (Persian: سوهاجر‎, also Romanized as Sūhājar) is a village in Chubar Rural District, Haviq District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Suhajar	Iran
country	Pardelup Prison Farm is an Australian minimum security prison located on a 2,600-hectare (6,425-acre) mixed-farming operation 27 km west of Mount Barker, Western Australia.	Pardelup Prison Farm	Australia
country	Gulbiniškiai is a village in Jonava district municipality, in Kaunas County, central Lithuania.	Gulbiniškiai	Lithuania
country	The Tayan mine is a large mine located in the eastern part of Indonesia in West Kalimantan.	Tayan mine	Indonesia
country	Pai Airport (IATA: PYY - ICAO: VTCI) (ไทย:ท่าอากาศยานปาย) is an airport serving Pai, a town in the Mae Hong Son Province of Thailand.	Pai Airport	Thailand
country	Markova Sušica (Macedonian: Маркова Сушица) is a village in the Studeničani Municipality, near Skopje, Macedonia.	Markova Sušica	Macedonia
country	Motuihe Island lies between Motutapu and Waiheke islands in the Hauraki Gulf of New Zealand, near Auckland.	Motuihe Island	New Zealand
country	The Linde Group, registered as Linde AG (FWB: LIN), is a multinational industrial gases and engineering company founded in Germany in 1879.	The Linde Group	Germany
country	FC Olimpik Donetsk (Ukrainian: ``Олімпік'' Донецьк (o'limpik doˈnɛt͡sʲk)) is a professional football team based in Donetsk, Ukraine.	FC Olimpik Donetsk	Ukraine
country	Tršić (Serbo-Croatian pronunciation: (tr̩̂ʃitɕ), Serbian Cyrillic: Тршић) is a village in the municipality of Loznica, located in the Mačva region of Serbia.	Tršić	Serbia
country	Gjadër Air Base (ICAO: LAGJ) is a military airport located in Gjadër, Lezhë County, Albania.	Gjadër Air Base	Albania
country	Valsøy Bridge (Norwegian: Valsøybrua) is the longest of three spans that crosses parts of the Valsøyfjorden in the municipality of Halsa in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Valsøy Bridge	Norway
country	Fort Leonardo (Maltese: Il-Fortizza San Leonardu), also known as Fort San Leonardo or Fort San Anard, is a polygonal fort in Żabbar, Malta.	Fort Leonardo	Malta
country	The Barbo Manor (Slovene: Barbova graščina) is an 18th-century manor-house located in the settlement of Vesela Gora, part of the Municipality of Šentrupert in Inner Carniola, Slovenia.	Barbo Manor	Slovenia
country	Wairere Boulders allows visitors to see the large basalt boulders many with rare and spectacular solution features (karst) on the outside that are scattered all over the property of the Schaads, a Swiss couple who emigrated to New Zealand in 1983.	Wairere Boulders	New Zealand
country	Krasny Ugolok (Russian: Кра́сный Уголо́к) is a settlement in Ruzayevsky District of the Republic of Mordovia, Russia.	Krasny Ugolok	Russia
country	Bursa is a large city in Turkey, located in northwestern Anatolia, within the Marmara Region.	Bursa	Turkey
country	Keong Saik Road (or Keong Siak Road; Chinese: 恭锡路) is a one-way road located in Chinatown within the Outram Planning Area in Singapore.	Keong Saik Road	Singapore
country	Xasıdərə (also, Khasidere and Kubalikend) is a village in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Xasıdərə	Azerbaijan
country	Qoşasu (also, Koshasu) is a village in Lachin district of Azerbaijan.	Qoşasu	Azerbaijan
country	Naujininkai is one of the neighborhoods of Vilnius, Lithuania.	Naujininkai	Lithuania
country	The Old Head of Kinsale (in Irish, An Seancheann) is a headland near Kinsale, County Cork, Ireland.	Old Head of Kinsale	Ireland
country	The Tamur River (Nepali: तमोर नदी Tamor Nadi, known historically as the Tambar River) is a major river in eastern Nepal, which begins around Kanchenjunga.	Tamur River	Nepal
country	Cerro Avispa is a tepui in Amazonas state, Venezuela.	Cerro Avispa	Venezuela
country	Prasat Ta Muen Thom (Khmer: ប្រាសាទតាមាន់ធំ, Thai: ปราสาทตาเมือนธม, rtgs: Prasat Ta Muean Thom) is a Khmer temple in Thailand located in the province of Surin, a few dozen meters from the border with Cambodia's Oddar Meanchey Province.	Prasat Ta Muen Thom	Thailand
country	Sounine is a village on the northern coast of Tunisia, 60 km from the capital Tunis and 30 km from Bizerte.	Sounine	Tunisia
country	Shengus (or Shingus) is a village in the Haramosh Mountains, Skardu District, Baltistan, in Gilgit Baltistan, Pakistan.	Shengus	Pakistan
country	The Dwingeloo Radio Observatory is a single-dish radio telescope near the village of Dwingeloo in the northeastern Netherlands.	Dwingeloo Radio Observatory	Netherlands
country	The Perth Redbacks are a basketball club from Perth, Western Australia competing in the semi-professional State Basketball League (SBL), Women's State Basketball League (WSBL) and Junior Western Australian Basketball League (WABL).	Perth Redbacks	Australia
country	Expedition GeForce is a steel roller coaster located at Holiday Park in Haßloch, Germany.	Expedition GeForce	Germany
country	Biznes is a newspaper published in Albania.	Biznes	Albania
country	Özyeğin University is a private, non-profit university located in Istanbul, Turkey.	Özyeğin University	Turkey
country	Awali is a small municipality located approximately in the centre of the Kingdom of Bahrain, a small island in the Persian Gulf.	Awali	Bahrain
country	Zangebar Rural District (Persian: دهستان زنگبار‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Poldasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zangebar Rural District	Iran
country	Nicopolis ad Nestum or Nicopolis ad Mestum is a ruined Roman town of the province of Thracia (Thrace) near to the modern village of Garmen on the left bank of the Mesta river, in Garmen Municipality, Bulgaria.	Nicopolis ad Nestum	Bulgaria
country	Sauzon (Breton: Saozon) is a commune in the Morbihan department of the region of Brittany in north-western France.	Sauzon	France
country	The Great Mosque of Kairouan (جامع القيروان الأكبر), also known as the Mosque of Uqba (Arabic: جامع عقبة بن نافع‎), is one of the most important mosques in Tunisia, situated in the UNESCO World Heritage town of Kairouan.	Great Mosque of Kairouan	Tunisia
country	Łęczynko (wɛnˈt͡ʂɨnkɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Białogard, within Białogard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Łęczynko	Poland
country	Mbuji Mayi Airport (IATA: MJM, ICAO: FZWA) is an airport serving Mbuji Mayi (formerly Bakwanga), the capital of the Kasai-Oriental Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Mbuji Mayi Airport	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Laubere parish (Latvian: Lauberes pagasts) is an administrative unit of Ogre Municipality, Latvia.	Laubere parish	Latvia
country	Gooseham is a hamlet in northeast Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Gooseham	United Kingdom
country	Østfold University College (Norwegian: Høgskolen i Østfold, HiØ) is a further and higher education institution in south-eastern Norway.	Østfold University College	Norway
country	Ludowe (luˈdɔvɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Kłodzki, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Ludowe	Poland
country	Sveti Nikole (Macedonian: Свети Николе (ˌsfɛːti ˈnikɔlɛ); meaning Saint Nicholas) is a town in the Republic of Macedonia.	Sveti Nikole	Macedonia
country	Gusheh Kamar (Persian: گوشه كمر‎, also Romanized as Gūsheh Kamar; also known as Gūsh Kamar) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District, Dastgerdan District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gusheh Kamar	Iran
country	Svishtov (Bulgarian: Свищов, known as Свѣщний / Sveshtniy in old Bulgarian) is a town in northern Bulgaria, located in Veliko Tarnovo Province on the right bank of the Danube river opposite the Romanian town of Zimnicea.	Svishtov	Bulgaria
country	Divshal (Persian: ديوشل‎, also Romanized as Dīvshal; also known as Bījār Bāgh Dīvshal and Bījār Bāgh-e Dīvshal) is a village in Divshal Rural District, in the Central District of Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Divshal	Iran
country	Sabaudia is a coastal town in the province of Latina, Lazio, central Italy.	Sabaudia	Italy
country	The Mullsjö Pentecostal Church (Swedish: Mullsjö pingstkyrka) is a church building in Mullsjö, Sweden belonging to the Swedish Pentecostal Movement.	Mullsjö Pentecostal Church	Sweden
country	The National Herbarium of Victoria is one of Australia's premier state herbaria.	National Herbarium of Victoria	Australia
country	Dunk Island Airport (IATA: DKI, ICAO: YDKI) is located on the west side of Dunk Island, Australia, only 5 km (3.1 mi) from Mission Beach.	Dunk Island Airport	Australia
country	The Landsker Borderlands Trail is a waymarked long distance footpath in the United Kingdom running through Pembrokeshire and Carmarthenshire in West Wales.	Landsker Borderlands Trail	United Kingdom
country	Bishwo Shahitto Kendro (BSK) (Bengali: বিশ্ব সাহিত্য কেন্দ্র, meaning 'World-Literature Centre'), is a non-profit institution in Bangladesh to promote reading habits, enlightenment and progressive ideas among students and general public.	Bishwo Shahitto Kendro	Bangladesh
country	Krosno (ˈkrɔsnɔ) (in full The Royal Free City of Krosno, Polish: Królewskie Wolne Miasto Krosno) is a town and county in Subcarpathian Voivodeship, Poland with 47,140 inhabitants, as of 30 June 2014.	Krosno	Poland
country	Krzywaniec (kʂɨˈvaɲet͡s) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogród Bobrzański, within Zielona Góra County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Krzywaniec	Poland
country	Savad Rudbar (Persian: سوادرودبار‎, also Romanized as Savād Rūdbār and Savād-e Rūd Bār) is a village in Valupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Savad Rudbar	Iran
country	Plémet (Breton: Plezeved, Gallo: Plémaèu) is a former commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Plémet	France
country	Gampriner Seele is the only lake in Liechtenstein.	Gampriner Seele	Liechtenstein
country	Deh Baneh-ye Eslamabad (Persian: دهبنه اسلام اباد‎, also Romanized as Deh Baneh-ye Eslāmābād; also known as De-Bane, Deh Baneh, and Deh Boneh) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District, Sangar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Deh Baneh-ye Eslamabad	Iran
country	Kvemo Sarali (Georgian: ქვემო სარალი, Azerbaijani: Aşağı Saral) is a village in Georgia country.	Kvemo Sarali	Georgia
country	Vrhovlje pri Kožbani (pronounced (ʋəɾˈxoːu̯ljɛ pɾi kɔˈʒbaːni)) is a small settlement northwest of Kožbana in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia on the border with Italy.	Vrhovlje pri Kožbani	Slovenia
country	Central Cooperative Bank is a bank in Bulgaria, listed on the Bulgarian Stock Exchange.	Central Cooperative Bank	Bulgaria
country	Storavatnet is a lake just southwest of the village of Loddefjord in Bergen, Hordaland county, Norway.	Storavatnet	Norway
country	Haret ech Cheikh (also Haret-Ech-Cheikh), is a municipality in the Matn District in the Mount Lebanon Governorate near Bouchriyeh.	Haret ech Cheikh	Lebanon
country	Cases-de-Pène (Catalan: Les Cases de Pena) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.	Cases-de-Pène	France
country	Walewale is a small town and the capital of West Mamprusi district in the Northern Region of Ghana.	Walewale	Ghana
country	Macquarie Harbour is a large, shallow, inlet, located in the West Coast region of Tasmania, Australia.	Macquarie Harbour	Australia
country	Clonsilla railway station is a railway station that serves Clonsilla, County Dublin, Ireland.	Clonsilla railway station	Ireland
country	As of 2011 India census, for Nambiyur Statistics Nambiyur had a population of 16,379.	Nambiyur	India
country	Clairvaux Prison is a high-security prison in France, on the grounds of the former Clairvaux Abbey (Coordinates 48.146663° 4.788483°).	Clairvaux Prison	France
country	Beloveža is a village and municipality in Bardejov District, in the Prešov Region of north-east Slovakia.	Beloveža	Slovakia
country	Wodzierady (vɔd͡ʑeˈradɨ) is a village in Łask County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wodzierady	Poland
country	Genova Sampierdarena railway station (Italian: Stazione di Genova Sampierdarena) is located in Piazza Montano, in the Sampierdarena district of Genoa, Italy.	Genova Sampierdarena railway station	Italy
country	Kalba (Arabic: كلباء‎) is a town in the United Arab Emirates.	Kalba	United Arab Emirates
country	Zombitse-Vohibasia National Park is a national Park of Madagascar.	Zombitse-Vohibasia National Park	Madagascar
country	Mandarthi is a Hindu holy place located 25 km north to Udupi in the Udupi District of Karnataka state, India.	Mandarthi	India
country	Zahirabad-e Nahr Mian (Persian: ظهيرابادنهرميان‎, also Romanized as Z̧ahīrābād-e Nahr Mīān; also known as Z̧ahīrābād and Z̧ahīrābād-e Qūsh Tappeh) is a village in Nahr-e Mian Rural District, Zalian District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Zahirabad-e Nahr Mian	Iran
country	Yungaba Immigration Centre is a former immigration reception centre in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Yungaba Immigration Centre	Australia
country	Bernay-en-Champagne (formerly Bernay) is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.	Bernay-en-Champagne	France
country	Džepčište (Macedonian: Џепчиште) (Albanian: Xhepçishti) is a village in Macedonia.	Džepčište	Macedonia
country	Pianottoli-Caldarello (Corsican: Pianottuli Caldareddu, also spelled Pianotolli-Caldarello) is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica.	Pianottoli-Caldarello	France
country	Rit'i Urmasqa (Quechua rit'i snow, urmasqa fallen down, ``snow fallen down'', hispanicized spelling Riti Urmasca, erroneously also Ritiurcamasca) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 5,200 metres (17,060 ft) high.	Rit'i Urmasqa	Peru
country	Pathari State was a former princely state of India, administratively under the Bhopal Agency subdivision of the Central India Agency.	Pathari State	India
country	Elektrostal (Russian: Электроста́ль) is a city in Moscow Oblast, Russia, located 58 kilometers (36 mi) east of Moscow.	Elektrostal	Russia
country	Rosia Bay is the only natural harbour in Gibraltar, the British Overseas Territory at the southern end of the Iberian Peninsula.	Rosia Bay	Gibraltar
country	Łuczniczka is a sport, show and fair arena in Bydgoszcz, Poland.	Łuczniczka	Poland
country	Spednic Lake (sometimes Spednik Lake or Spednick Lake) is a mesotrophic lake in the Chiputneticook Lakes chain along the Canada--	Spednic Lake	Canada
country	Tyin is a lake in the southwest part of the Jotunheimen mountain range in Norway.	Tyin	Norway
country	Haslev, a town in Faxe municipality, lies in the southern part of Zealand, Denmark.	Haslev	Denmark
country	Komara (Greek: Κόμαρα) is a village in the northwestern part of the Evros regional unit in northern Greece.	Komara	Greece
country	Chamnaka is a village of Jadoon in Abbottabad District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Chamnaka	Pakistan
country	Chung Cheong University is a private technical university in Cheongju City, the capital of North Chungcheong province, South Korea.	Chung Cheong University	South Korea
country	Drozdowice Małe (drɔzdɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Drozdowice Małe	Poland
country	Old Oyo National Park is one of the national parks of Nigeria, located across northern Oyo State and southern Kwara State, Nigeria.	Old Oyo National Park	Nigeria
country	Zaozerne (Ukrainian: Заозерне; Russian: Заозёрное, translit. Zaozyornoye) is an urban-type settlement in the Yevpatoria municipality of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and incorporated by Russia as the Republic of Crimea.	Zaozerne	Ukraine	Russia
country	The Hellenic Swimming Federation (Greek: Κολυμβητική Ομοσπονδία Ελλάδος) founded in 1927, is the aquatics national federation for Greece.	Hellenic Swimming Federation	Greece
country	Taunshits (Russian: Тауншиц) is a stratovolcano located in the eastern part of Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia.	Taunshits	Russia
country	Schulzentrum Marienhöhe or Marienhoehe Academy is a private K-13, co-educational Christian boarding school in Darmstadt, Germany.	Schulzentrum Marienhöhe	Germany
country	Alès (French pronunciation: ​(a.lɛs) ; Alès in Occitan) is a commune in the Gard department in the Languedoc-Roussillon region in southern France.	Alès	France
country	Caxias do Sul (Portuguese pronunciation: (kaˈʃias du ˈsuw)) is a city in Rio Grande do Sul, Southern Brazil, situated in the state's mountainous Serra Gaúcha region.	Caxias do Sul	Brazil
country	Tomb KV17, located in Egypt's Valley of the Kings and also known by the names ``Belzoni's tomb'', ``the Tomb of Apis'', and ``the Tomb of Psammis, son of Nechois'', is the tomb of Pharaoh Seti I of the Nineteenth Dynasty.	KV17	Egypt
country	Mother Hospital is a multi-speciality hospital situated in Olari; near Thrissur, Kerala state, India.	Mother Hospital	India
country	Sredgora (pronounced (ˈsɾeːdɡɔɾa); German: Mittenwald) is a settlement in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia.	Sredgora	Slovenia
country	Bapsfontein is a town in Ekhuruleni, South Africa, and falls into the Elandsvlei Conservancy area.	Bapsfontein	South Africa
country	Snønipa is a mountain in the municipalities of Jølster and Gloppen in Sogn og Fjordane, Norway.	Snønipa	Norway
country	Hotel Ringkøbing is a hotel located on the central market square in Ringkøbing, Denmark.	Hotel Ringkøbing	Denmark
country	Danków Mały (ˈdankuf ˈmawɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włoszczowa, within Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Danków Mały	Poland
country	Pedatadepalli, is a major grama panchayat (village) in the mandal (county) of Tadepalligudem, within West Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Pedatadepalli	India
country	Leigh Ashford was a rock group formed in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, and which existed between 1966 and 1974.	Leigh Ashford	Canada
country	Bulgwang Station is a subway station located in Eunpyeong-gu, which is a district in Seoul, South Korea.	Bulgwang Station	South Korea
country	Badriyeh (Persian: بدريه‎, also Romanized as Badrīyeh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Badriyeh	Iran
country	Wadia Institute of Himalayan Geology, Dehradun is an autonomous research institute for the study of Geology of the Himalaya under the Department of Science and Technology, Ministry of Science and Technology, Govt. of India.	Wadia Institute of Himalayan Geology	India
country	Vikbolandet is a large peninsula east of Norrköping city in Östergötland, Sweden.	Vikbolandet	Sweden
country	Lisowola (lisɔˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puszcza Mariańska, within Żyrardów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Lisowola	Poland
country	Dahan-e Falezak (Persian: دهن فلزک‎) is the district center of Shahrak District in Ghor Province, Afghanistan.	Dahan-e Falezak	Afghanistan
country	Antilhue is a village (Spanish: aldea) in Chile, South America.	Antilhue	Chile
country	The Inverell Times is an English language newspaper published in Inverell, New South Wales, Australia.	Inverell Times	Australia
country	Como West Public School is a comprehensive public primary (K-6) school located in the Sydney suburb of Como West, New South Wales, Australia.	Como West Public School	Australia
country	Dąbrowa Chotomowska (dɔmˈbrɔva xɔtɔˈmɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna, within Legionowo County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Dąbrowa Chotomowska	Poland
country	Bommersvik is a Union college (Swedish: Förbundskola from Förbund meaning union or association and skola meaning school or college) built by the Swedish Social Democratic Youth League (SSU) and is situated outside the municipality of Södertälje in Sweden.	Bommersvik	Sweden
country	Gemena Airport (French: Aéroport de Gemena) (IATA: GMA, ICAO: FZFK) is an airport serving Gemena, the capital of the Sud-Ubangi District in Équateur province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Gemena Airport	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Alphonse Atoll is one of two atolls of the Alphonse Group, the other being St. François Atoll -- both in the Outer Islands (Coralline Seychelles) coral archipelago of the Seychelles.	Alphonse Atoll	Seychelles
country	Mettmann is a Rhenish town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Mettmann	Germany
country	The Munich S-Bahn (German: S-Bahn München) is an electric rail transit system in Munich, Germany.	Munich S-Bahn	Germany
country	Linaküla is one of the four villages on the island of Kihnu, in southwestern Estonia.	Linaküla	Estonia
country	Skopos (Greek: Σκοπός; Macedonian Slavic: Сетина, Setina) is a village in Florina regional unit, Greece.	Skopos	Greece
country	Preah Khan (Khmer: ប្រាសាទព្រះខ័ន; ``Royal Sword'') is a temple at Angkor, Cambodia, built in the 12th century for King Jayavarman VII to honor his father.	Preah Khan	Cambodia
country	Friuli is an area of Northeast Italy with its own particular cultural and historical identity.	Friuli	Italy
country	Teknikum is a secondary school (``gymnasium'') in Växjö, Sweden.	Teknikum	Sweden
country	The Massif de la Hotte is a mountain range in southwestern Haiti, on the far-western end of the Tiburon Peninsula.	Massif de la Hotte	Haiti
country	Amizmiz (أمزميز AMZ-meez) is a small town in Morocco approximately 55 kilometers south of Marrakesh.	Amizmiz	Morocco
country	Novosibirsk (Russian: Новосиби́рск; IPA: (nəvəsʲɪˈbʲirsk)) is the third most populous city in Russia after Moscow and St. Petersburg and the most populous city in Asian Russia, with a population of 1,473,754 as of the 2010 Census.	Novosibirsk	Russia
country	The Miage Glacier is a debris-covered glacier in the upper Aosta Valley, in northwestern Italy.	Miage Glacier	Italy
country	Sowinko (sɔˈvinkɔ) (formerly German Neu Zowen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polanów, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Sowinko	Poland
country	As of 2001, the India census showed Sahanpur had a population of 18,349.	Sahanpur	India
country	Soles de Santo Domingo Este is a professional basketball team based in Santo Domingo Este, Santo Domingo Dominican Republic.	Soles de Santo Domingo Este	Dominican Republic
country	Okiato or Old Russell is a small holiday spot in the Bay of Islands, New Zealand, seven km south of present-day Russell.	Okiato	New Zealand
country	Sartang-e Heygun (Persian: سرتنگ هيگون‎, also Romanized as Sartang-e Heygūn) is a village in Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sartang-e Heygun	Iran
country	The West Toronto Railpath is a multi-use asphalt trail in Toronto, Canada, running from The Junction neighbourhood toward downtown Toronto.	West Toronto Railpath	Canada
country	Yanbu' al Bahr (Arabic: ينبع البحر‎, Yanbuʿ al-Baḥr, ``spring by the sea''), also known simply as Yanbu, Yambo or Yenbo, is a major Red Sea port in the Al Madinah province of western Saudi Arabia.	Yanbu	Saudi Arabia
country	Łobez (ˈwɔbɛs) (German: Labes) is a town in Poland, in West Pomeranian Voivodeship.	Łobez	Poland
country	Nutha (sometimes Gut Nutha) is a village and a former municipality in the district of Anhalt-Bitterfeld, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Nutha	Germany
country	Marolče (pronounced (ˈmaːɾou̯tʃɛ)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Ribnica in southern Slovenia.	Marolče	Slovenia
country	Zandspruit is a township in the Region C of Johannesburg in the Gauteng province of South Africa.	Zandspruit	South Africa
country	Khaosan Road or Khao San Road (Thai: ถนนข้าวสาร) is a short street in central Bangkok, Thailand.	Khaosan Road	Thailand
country	Ellenbrae, also commonly referred to as Ellenbrae Station, is a pastoral lease that operates as a cattle station in the Western Australia.	Ellenbrae	Australia
country	The Sylva River (Russian: Сылва) is a river in Sverdlovsk Oblast and Perm Krai in Russia.	Sylva River	Russia
country	Höfðatorg Tower 1 is an office tower in Iceland The building is located in downtown Reykjavík.	Höfðatorg Tower 1	Iceland
country	Tassafaronga Point (9°22′S 159°52′E) is a point on the north shore of Guadalcanal, Solomon Islands.	Tassafaronga Point	Solomon Islands
country	The Episcopal Diocese of Pittsburgh is a diocese in the Episcopal Church in the United States of America.	Episcopal Diocese of Pittsburgh	United States of America
country	Samaheej (Arabic: سماهيج‎ Samāhīj) is a village in Bahrain on the northern coast of Muharraq Island.	Samaheej	Bahrain
country	XHEPO-FM is a radio station located in the city of San Luis Potosí, San Luis Potosí, Mexico.	XHEPO-FM	Mexico
country	Shotaryz (also, Shataryz) is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Shotaryz	Azerbaijan
country	Norsjö Municipality (Swedish: Norsjö kommun) is a municipality in Västerbotten County in northern Sweden.	Norsjö Municipality	Sweden
country	Parzegan-e Kharraj (Persian: پرزگان خراج‎, also Romanized as Parzegān-e Kharrāj; also known as Parzegān-e Harrāj and Parzehgān-e Kharāj) is a village in Chenarud-e Shomali Rural District, Chenarud District, Chadegan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Parzegan-e Kharraj	Iran
country	Manitowaning/Manitoulin East Municipal Airport, (IATA: YEM, ICAO: CYEM), is located 7.5 nautical miles (13.9 km; 8.6 mi) north of Manitowaning, Ontario, Canada.	Manitowaning/Manitoulin East Municipal Airport	Canada
country	Maubara is a village in Maubara Subdistrict (Liquiçá District, East Timor), just west of the city of Liquiçá.	Maubara	East Timor
country	Pinik was the main city of Korduq province in Greater Armenia.	Pinik	Armenia
country	Ganagapura (sometimes called Deval Ganagapur) is a Village in Karnataka, India.	Ganagapura	India
country	Devanga Higher Secondary School is a Tamilnadu Government aided, boys only school, located in the city of Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India.	Devanga Higher Secondary School	India
country	Oomerabad also written as Umarabad is a village in Vellore District of Tamil Nadu state in India and is part of Ambur Taluk.	Oomerabad	India
country	Chyuyya (Russian: Чюйя) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Khodorinsky Rural Okrug of Megino-Kangalassky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 5 kilometers (3.1 mi) from Mayya, the administrative center of the district.	Chyuyya	Russia
country	The Sackville River is a river in Hants County and Halifax Regional Municipality, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Sackville River	Canada
country	Miño Volcano is a symmetrical cone-shaped stratovolcano located in El Loa Province, Antofagasta Region, Chile.	Miño Volcano	Chile
country	Today the metropolis of Kos remains under the direct authority of the Patriarchate of Constantinople, rather than the Church of Greece, and is also listed by the Catholic Church as a titular see.	Kos	Greece
country	Barkmeijer Shipyards is a shipbuilder based in Stroobos in the Netherlands.	Barkmeijer Shipyards	Netherlands
country	Gaustad is a neighborhood in Nordre Aker borough of Oslo, Norway.	Gaustad	Norway
country	The Barnes Ice Cap is an ice cap located in central Baffin Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Barnes Ice Cap	Canada
country	The Gurasada mine is a large mine in the west of Romania in Hunedoara County, 28 km north-west of Deva and 409 km northwest of the capital, Bucharest.	Gurasada mine	Romania
country	Crnjelovo Gornje (Serbian Cyrillic: Црњелово Горње) is a small village located north of the city of Bijeljina in Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Crnjelovo Gornje	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Isa Bazar (Persian: عيسي بازار‎, also Romanized as ʿĪsá Bāzār and Eesábāzār) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Isa Bazar	Iran
country	Bhopay Wal (chak 23) is a village in the southwest of Pattoki, Pakistan and center of union council.	Bhopay Wal	Pakistan
country	Prrenjas (also written Përrenjas, in Albanian) is a town and a municipality in Elbasan County, eastern Albania.	Prrenjas	Albania
country	Pokhodsk (Russian: Походск; Sakha: Походскай) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Pokhodsky Rural Okrug of Nizhnekolymsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 255 kilometers (158 mi) from Chersky, the administrative center of the district.	Pokhodsk	Russia
country	Cap-de-la-Madeleine is a former city in Quebec, Canada at the confluence of the Saint-Maurice River and the St. Lawrence River.	Cap-de-la-Madeleine	Canada
country	Vino Nobile di Montepulciano is a red wine with a Denominazione di Origine Controllata e Garantita status produced in the vineyards surrounding the town of Montepulciano, Italy.	Vino Nobile di Montepulciano	Italy
country	Fumukwe is a village in Manama ward the province of Matabeleland South, Zimbabwe.	Fumukwe	Zimbabwe
country	Yam Rural District (Persian: دهستان يام‎‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Yam Rural District	Iran
country	The Sodegaura Power Station (袖ケ浦火力発電所) is a large gas-fired power station in Sodegaura, Chiba Prefecture, Japan.	Sodegaura Power Station	Japan
country	Atsonupuri (Russian: Атсонупури; Ainu: アトゥサヌプリ, Atusa-nupuri; Japanese: 阿登佐岳, Atosa-dake) is a stratovolcano located in the central part of Iturup Island, Kuril Islands, Russia.	Atsonupuri	Russia
country	Mareth (Arabic: مارث‎ Māraṯ) is a town and commune in Tunisia.	Mareth	Tunisia
country	Saranta Kolones(Greek: Κάστρο Σαράντα Κολώνες, Forty Columns castle) is a ruined medieval fortress inside the Paphos Archaeological Park and it is located just north of the harbour of Paphos, on the island of Cyprus.	Saranta Kolones	Cyprus
country	The North West Shelf of Western Australia is an extensive oil and gas region off the North West Australia coast in the Pilbara region.	North West Shelf	Australia
country	The Barbadoes Street Cemetery is the oldest cemetery in Christchurch, New Zealand.	Barbadoes Street Cemetery	New Zealand
country	Manavgat Waterfall on the Manavgat River is near the city of Side, 3 km (2 mi) north of Manavgat, Turkey.	Manavgat Waterfall	Turkey
country	The Savoia Excelsior Palace is a 4 star hotel in Trieste, Italy owned by the Starhotels group.	Savoia Excelsior Palace	Italy
country	Savoy (/səˈvɔɪ/; Arpitan: Savouè, IPA: (saˈvwɛ); French: Savoie (savwa); Italian: Savoia (saˈvɔːja)) is a cultural region in Rhône-Alpes, France.	Savoy	France
country	Djenné-Djenno (also Jenne-Jeno; /ˈdʒɛniː dʒʌˌnoʊ/) is a UNESCO World Heritage Site located in the Niger River Valley in the country of Mali.	Djenné-Djenno	Mali
country	Štrekljevec (pronounced (ˈʃtɾeːkljɛʋəts); German: Streklowitz) is a village in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia.	Štrekljevec	Slovenia
country	The Ryn Desert or Ryn-Peski Desert (Russian: Рын-пески; Kazakh: Нарын-Құм), is a desert in western Kazakhstan and southeastern Russia, north of the Caspian Sea and southeast of the Volga Upland.	Ryn Desert	Kazakhstan	Russia
country	The Alpha Coal Project is a coal mine and railway project in Queensland, Australia.	Alpha Coal Project	Australia
country	Hotel Petersberg is a hotel and official guest house of the Federal Republic of Germany, termed the ``Bundesgästehaus'' (the official title being Gästehaus der Verfassungsorgane der Bundesrepublik Deutschland).	Hotel Petersberg	Germany
country	The Universidad Hispanoamerica is private university in San José, Costa Rica which is dedicated to medical studies - specifically driven towards doctors and nurses.	Universidad Hispanoamerica	Costa Rica
country	The Gerasimov Institute of Cinematography (Russian: Всероссийский государственный университет кинематографии имени С.А.Герасимова, meaning All-Russian State University of Cinematography named after S. A. Gerasimov), aka VGIK, is a film school in Moscow, Russia.	Gerasimov Institute of Cinematography	Russia
country	Elsternwick Park (currently known by its sponsored name Sportscover Arena) is an Australian rules football and cricket stadium in Brighton, a suburb of Melbourne in Victoria, Australia.	Elsternwick Park	Australia
country	The Porte de Vincennes (pɔʁt də vɛ̃.sɛn) is one of the city gates of Paris (France) situated in the Bel Air neighborhood of the 12th arrondissement.	Porte de Vincennes	France
country	Keddaso(also spelled Keddasa) or Bhumi Puje is popularly known as the ``festival of worshipping Mother Earth'' in the Tulu Nadu region of South India.	Keddaso	India
country	Uggdal Church (Norwegian: Uggdal kyrkje) is a parish church in Tysnes municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Uggdal Church	Norway
country	The School, Mount Victoria, also known as The School, Mt Victoria, was an independent, non-denominational, boarding school for boys, located in Mount Victoria, a small township in the Blue Mountains of New South Wales, Australia.	The School, Mount Victoria	Australia
country	Siyov (also, Silov and Siov) is a village and municipality in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Siyov	Azerbaijan
country	The House of Wangchuck (Tibetan: དབང་ཕྱུག་རྒྱལ་བརྒྱུད་, Wylie: Dbang-phyug Rgyal-brgyud) has ruled Bhutan since it was reunified in 1907.	House of Wangchuck	Bhutan
country	Budki Suserskie (ˈbutki suˈsɛrskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny, within Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Budki Suserskie	Poland
country	The Fuerte de la Concepción (English: Fort of the Conception) was a Spanish military fortress guarding the port and town of Aguadilla, Puerto Rico, in the 18th and 19th centuries.	Fuerte de la Concepción	Puerto Rico
country	Koblek (pronounced (ˈkoːblɛk)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia.	Koblek	Slovenia
country	The Gardiner Dam on the South Saskatchewan River in Saskatchewan is the third largest embankment dam in Canada and one of the largest embankment dams in the world.	Gardiner Dam	Canada
country	Pak Tin Estate (Chinese: 白田邨) is a public housing estate in Shek Kip Mei, Sham Shui Po, Kowloon, Hong Kong, located between Shek Kip Mei Estate and Chak On Estate.	Pak Tin Estate	Hong Kong
country	Mabanda is a city located close to the southern tip of Burundi, near the border with Tanzania.	Mabanda	Burundi
country	The 1963 Provincial Speedway League was the fourth season of the Provincial League in the United Kingdom.	1963 Provincial Speedway League	United Kingdom
country	Pramanta (Greek: Πράμαντα) is a village and a former municipality in the Ioannina regional unit, Epirus, Greece.	Pramanta	Greece
country	Holdhus Church (Norwegian: Holdhus kyrkje; historically called Hålandsdal kyrkje) is a former parish church in Fusa municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Holdhus Church	Norway
country	The Military Emergencies Unit (Spanish: Unidad Militar de Emergencias, UME; IPA: (uniˈðað miliˈtar ðe emerˈxenθjas)) is a branch of the Spanish Armed Forces responsible for providing disaster relief throughout Spain mainly, and abroad if required.	Military Emergencies Unit	Spain
country	Kysak is a village and railway hub in Košice-okolie District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia.	Kysak	Slovakia
country	Kambalny (Russian: Камбальный) is a stratovolcano located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia.	Kambalny	Russia
country	Nork-Marash Medical Center is a teaching hospital and biomedical research facility in Yerevan, Armenia, focused on cardiac care.	Nork-Marash Medical Center	Armenia
country	Tomzhangsa Gewog (Dzongkha: སྟོང་མི་གཞང་ས་) is a gewog (village block) of Trashiyangtse District, Bhutan.	Tomzhangsa Gewog	Bhutan
country	Fago is a town and municipality located in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain.	Fago	Spain
country	Cheshmeh Kesh (Persian: چشمه كش‎; also known as Sārī Qomīsh) is a village in Kandovan Rural District, Kandovan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Kesh	Iran
country	Zaandam (Dutch pronunciation: (zaːndɑm)) is a city in the Netherlands, in the province of North Holland.	Zaandam	Netherlands
country	Samcheonggak is near Cheong Wa Dae, the official residence of the President of South Korea, so the surrounding forest remained undeveloped during Korea's miraculous economic growth.	Samcheonggak	South Korea
country	Nadrybie-Wieś (naˈdrɨbjɛ ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puchaczów, within Łęczna County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Nadrybie-Wieś	Poland
country	Bnei Dror (Hebrew: בְּנֵי דְּרוֹר, lit. Sons of Liberty) is a moshav shitufi in central Israel.	Bnei Dror	Israel
country	Ellenhausen ist eine Ortsgemeinde -- a community belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde -- in the Westerwaldkreis in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Ellenhausen	Germany
country	Ummathoor is a village near Civil Station in the state of Kerala, India.	Ummathoor	India
country	The Breda Formation (Dutch: Formatie van Breda; abbreviation: BR) is a geologic formation in the subsurface of the Netherlands.	Breda Formation	Netherlands
country	Orthez (Gascon Ortès) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.	Orthez	France
country	Hrymalivka (Ukrainian: Грималівка) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Hrymalivka	Ukraine
country	Gradnik (pronounced (ˈɡɾaːdnik)) is a village in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia.	Gradnik	Slovenia
country	Limerick Institute of Technology (LIT) is an institution of higher education in Limerick, Ireland and is one of 13 institutes that are members of the Institutes of Technology Ireland (IOTI).	Limerick Institute of Technology	Ireland
country	Tainsar is a village near Debagarh in Debagarh district of Orissa state of India.	Tainsar	India
country	Comiziano is a comune (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Naples in Italy, Campania region, located about 30 km northeast of Naples.	Comiziano	Italy
country	Tzoumerka (Greek: Τζουμέρκα) is a former municipality in the Ioannina regional unit, Epirus, Greece.	Tzoumerka	Greece
country	The Kootenay International Junior Hockey League is a Junior ``B'' Ice Hockey league in British Columbia, Canada, sanctioned by Hockey Canada.	Kootenay International Junior Hockey League	Canada
country	The Kharkiv Cathedral Mosque, also known as Khavidrali Mosque, (Ukrainian: Харківська соборна мечеть) is located in Kharkiv, Ukraine.	Kharkiv Cathedral Mosque	Ukraine
country	Qaleh-ye Mirza (Persian: قلعه ميرزا‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye Mīrzā) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, in the Central District of Khorrambid County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 300, in 64 families.	Qaleh-ye Mirza	Iran
country	Lahad Datu Airport (IATA: LDU, ICAO: WBKD) is an airport located 1 km (0.62 mi) from Lahad Datu, a town in the state of Sabah in Malaysia.	Lahad Datu Airport	Malaysia
country	Just for Laughs (French: Juste pour rire) is a comedy festival held each July in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Just for Laughs	Canada
country	Mowtowr-e Aduri (Persian: موتورادوري‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ādūrī) is a village in Soghan Rural District, Soghan District, Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Aduri	Iran
country	The ``Tarte al d'jote'' is the culinary speciality of the city of Nivelles, Belgium.	Tarte al d'jote	Belgium
country	Fiddaun Castle is a tower house in Tubber, County Galway, in Ireland.	Fiddaun Castle	Ireland
country	Zierbena is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.	Zierbena	Spain
country	Timbédra is a commune and town in the Hodh Ech Chargui Region of south-eastern Mauritania.	Timbédra	Mauritania
country	Escuela de Aviación Militar Airport (ICAO: SACE) is a military airport located 6 nm west-southwest of Córdoba, Córdoba, Argentina.	Escuela de Aviación Militar Airport	Argentina
country	The Fort de Chaudfontaine, also called the Fort de la Rochette, is one of twelve forts built as part of the fortifications of Liège in the late 19th century in Belgium.	Fort de Chaudfontaine	Belgium
country	The Chilla-Kimsa Chata mountain range (also spelled Kimsachata, Aymara and Quechua kimsa three, Pukina chata mountain, ``three mountains'', hispanicized spellings Quimsachata, Quimsa Chata) is situated in Bolivia south east of Wiñaymarka Lake, the southern part of Lake Titicaca, in the La Paz Department, Ingavi Province.	Chilla-Kimsa Chata mountain range	Bolivia
country	The Fembediu River or Brădești River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River, in Romania	Fembediu River	Romania
country	Rotterdamse Elektrische Tram (RET) is the main public transport operator in Rotterdam, Netherlands.	Rotterdamse Elektrische Tram	Netherlands
country	The Rieger tradition was also continued by the owners and workers of the original firm, who moved to Austria and founded a new workshop as 'Rieger Orgelbau'.	Rieger Orgelbau	Austria
country	Darreh-ye Altamur is a village in Bamyan Province in northern-central Afghanistan.	Darreh-ye Altamur	Afghanistan
country	Bürgel Abbey (German: Kloster Bürgel) is a Benedictine monastery in the village of Thalbürgel of the town of Bürgel in Saale-Holzland-Kreis district in Thuringia in Germany.	Bürgel Abbey	Germany
country	Kokkari is a village on Samos Island, Greece, about 10 kilometers from the capital city, Vathy.	Kokkari	Greece
country	The Seabird Coast, a beach area situated on the Firth of Thames in the North Island of New Zealand, lies about three kilometers from the small town of Miranda.	Seabird Coast	New Zealand
country	Wólka Górska (ˈvulka ˈɡurska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna, within Legionowo County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wólka Górska	Poland
country	St. Thomas Assembly was an automobile plant located in Southwold, Ontario, Canada close to the Talbotville community and to the nearby city of St. Thomas.	St. Thomas Assembly	Canada
country	The God Help Me Pass, or Lekhalong-la-Molimo-Nthuse in seSotho, is a mountain pass (elev. 2318 m) in western Lesotho.	God Help Me Pass	Lesotho
country	Oldfield Estuary is an estuary in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.	Oldfield Estuary	Australia
country	Pyrgetos (Greek: Πυργετός) is a village in the Larissa regional unit, Thessaly, Greece.	Pyrgetos	Greece
country	Yalamlam (يلملم ) is a city in the Mecca Province of Saudi Arabia in the Yalamlam Valley.	Yalamlam	Saudi Arabia
country	Kampong Chhnang District (Khmer: ស្រុកកំពង់ឆ្នាំង) is a district (srok) in the centre of Kampong Chhnang Province in central Cambodia.	Kampong Chhnang District	Cambodia
country	Maracas-Saint Joseph is a colloquial name used in Trinidad and Tobago to distinguish the Maracas Valley above the town of Saint Joseph from Maracas Beach.	Maracas-Saint Joseph	Trinidad and Tobago
country	The House of Bernadotte, the current royal house of Sweden, has reigned since 1818.	House of Bernadotte	Sweden
country	Ilori (Georgian: ილორი; Abkhaz: Елыр, Elyr; Russian: Илори) is a village in the Ochamchira District of Abkhazia, Georgia, located on the coast of the Black Sea.	Ilori	Georgia
country	The Commonwealth Railways were established in 1912 by the Government of Australia to construct the Trans-Australia and Port Augusta to Darwin railways.	Commonwealth Railways	Australia
country	The Salazar Valley (Basque: Zaraitzu Ibarra, Spanish: Valle de Salazar) is a valley in the east of the Foral Community of Navarre in Spain.	Salazar Valley	Spain
country	The Cypriot National Guard (Greek: Εθνική Φρουρά, Ethnikí Frourá; Turkish: Kıbrıs Ulusal Muhafızları), also known as the Greek Cypriot National Guard or simply as ``National Guard'', is the combined arms military force of the Republic of Cyprus.	Cypriot National Guard	Cyprus
country	The Gailes Golf Club is a golf club in Wacol, Queensland, Australia, 20 minutes south of Brisbane.	Gailes Golf Club	Australia
country	Divača (pronounced (diˈʋaːtʃa)) is a large nucleated village in the Littoral region of Slovenia, near the Italian border.	Divača	Slovenia
country	Am Brahmetal is a Verwaltungsgemeinschaft (``collective municipality'') in the district of Greiz, in Thuringia, Germany.	Am Brahmetal	Germany
country	Gulripshi (Abkhaz: Гәылрыҧшь, Gwylryphsh; Georgian: გულრიფში, Gulripshi; Russian: Гульрыпш, Gulrypsh) is an urban settlement in Abkhazia, Georgia.	Gulripshi	Georgia
country	Tayyebabad (Persian: طيب اباد‎, also Romanized as Ţayyebābād; also known as Ţayyeb, Teybābād, and Ţīb) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District, Kamareh District, Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Tayyebabad	Iran
country	Błaziny Dolne (bwaˈʑinɨ ˈdɔlnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłża, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Błaziny Dolne	Poland
country	The Constitutional Liberal Party (Tunisian Arabic: حزب الحر الدستوري‎, Ḥizb el-Ḥor ed-Dostūrī), most commonly known as Destour, was a Tunisian political party, founded in 1920, which had as its goal to liberate Tunisia from French colonial control.	Destour	Tunisia
country	The Seegrotte, near Hinterbrühl, Austria, is an underground cave system with a large grotto located under a former gypsum mine.	Seegrotte	Austria
country	Qeqertat is a small village in the Qaanaaq area of the Qaasuitsup municipality, in northern Greenland.	Qeqertat	Greenland
country	Ikaros Smederna is a motorcycle speedway club based in Eskilstuna, Sweden.	Ikaros Smederna	Sweden
country	The Paroo Floodplain and Currawinya Important Bird Area is a 7,874 km2 (3,040 sq mi) site comprising the floodplain and the associated wetlands of the Paroo River in north-western New South Wales and south-western Queensland, Australia.	Paroo Floodplain and Currawinya Important Bird Area	Australia
country	Elekere (also transliterated El Kere) or Serer is one of the woredas in the Somali Region of Ethiopia.	Elekere	Ethiopia
country	The Caves of Gargas (French: Grottes de Gargas) in the Pyrenees region of France are known for their cave art from the Upper Paleolithic period - about 27,000 years old.	Caves of Gargas	France
country	Stutterheim is a town with a population of 46,730 in South Africa, situated in the Border region of the Eastern Cape province.	Stutterheim	South Africa
country	Olivadi (Greek: Livadion) is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy.	Olivadi	Italy
country	The Victor Babeș University of Medicine and Pharmacy, Timișoara (Romanian:Universitatea de Medicină și Farmacie ``Victor Babeş'', Timișoara) is located in Timişoara, Romania.	Victor Babeș University of Medicine and Pharmacy, Timișoara	Romania
country	Lake Orestiada or Lake Kastoria (Greek: Λίμνη Ορεστιάδα) is a lake in the Kastoria regional unit of Macedonia, northwestern Greece.	Lake Orestiada	Greece
country	Tešnjar (Serbian Cyrillic: Тешњар) is the old quarter of the city of Valjevo, in Serbia.	Tešnjar	Serbia
country	Awasa Airport (Arabic: አባ ጤና ደጃ‎; Aw'asa) (IATA: AWA, ICAO: HALA) is an airport in Awasa, Ethiopia.	Awasa Airport	Ethiopia
country	Madytos (Greek: Μάδυτος) is a former municipality in the Thessaloniki regional unit, Greece.	Madytos	Greece
country	The Pythagoreion is the archaeological site of the ancient town of Samos in Samos, Greece.	Pythagoreion	Greece
country	Běhařovice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈbjɛɦar̝ovɪtsɛ)) is a small town (městys) in Znojmo District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.	Běhařovice	Czech Republic
country	In classical Greece Hippeios Colonus (/kəˈloʊnəs/; Greek: Ἵππειος Κολωνός, ``Colonus of the Horses'') was a deme about 1 km (0.62 mi) to the northwest of Athens, near Plato's Academy.	Hippeios Colonus	Greece
country	The Panna-Mukta oilfield consists of two contiguous offshore oil fields to the northwest of Mumbai, India.	Panna-Mukta oilfield	India
country	Cors Caron represents the most intact surviving example of a raised bog landscape in the United Kingdom.	Cors Caron	United Kingdom
country	Sardush (Persian: سردوش‎, also Romanized as Sardūsh) is a village in Khav and Mirabad Rural District, Khav and Mirabad District, Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Sardush	Iran
country	Džajići (Cyrillic: Џајићи) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Džajići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Christchurch South Intermediate is a school catering for students in Years 7 and 8 in Christchurch, New Zealand.	Christchurch South Intermediate	New Zealand
country	San Martín de Hidalgo, formerly San Martín de la Cal, is the largest town and municipal seat of San Martín de Hidalgo Municipality, in Jalisco in central-western Mexico.	San Martín de Hidalgo	Mexico
country	Kattenvenne is a village in Germany (Northrhine-Westphalia) about 10 km from Münster.	Kattenvenne	Germany
country	Ilsovan (Persian: ايل سون‎, also Romanized as Īlsovan; also known as Qeshlāq-e Shāhsavan and Shāhsavan) is a village in Nowjeh Mehr Rural District, Siah Rud District, Jolfa County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ilsovan	Iran
country	Hrabovec (Hungarian: Rabóc) is a village and municipality in the Bardejov District, Prešov Region of north-east Slovakia.	Hrabovec	Slovakia
country	Karbala Governorate (Arabic: كربلاء‎ Karbalāʾ) is a governorate in central Iraq.	Karbala Governorate	Iraq
country	Trinca was a weekly comic magazine published in Spain from 1970 to 1973.	Trinca	Spain
country	Negovanovtsi (Bulgarian: Неговановци) is a village located in Novo Selo Municipality, part of Vidin Province, Northwestern Bulgaria.	Negovanovtsi	Bulgaria
country	São Jacinto Airport, officially designated Aveiro Municipal Aerodrome (Portuguese: Aeródromo Municipal de Aveiro), is an aerodrome near the city of Aveiro in Portugal.	São Jacinto Airport	Portugal
country	Zum Riesen (English: The Giant) is a hotel in Miltenberg, Germany and is one of the oldest hotels in the country, dating back to at least 1411.	Zum Riesen	Germany
country	Bananera Airport (ICAO: MGBN ) is an airport serving the city of Morales, Guatemala.	Bananera Airport	Guatemala
country	Song Vân is a commune (xã) and village in Tân Yên District (huyện), Bắc Giang Province (tỉnh``), in northeastern Vietnam.	Song Vân	Vietnam
country	Odersun employed more than 320 people in production, research and management in Frankfurt and der Oder, Fürstenwalde and Berlin, Germany.	Odersun	Germany
country	Glomfjord Church (Norwegian: Glomfjord kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Meløy in Nordland county, Norway.	Glomfjord Church	Norway
country	Poniatowice (pɔɲatɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Pontwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleśnica, within Oleśnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Poniatowice	Poland
country	In October 2009 Ministry of Culture and Tourism of Indonesia submitted Trowulan as UNESCO World Heritage list.	Trowulan	Indonesia
country	Vashapi (Persian: وش اپي‎, also Romanized as Vashāpī; also known as Vashāfī) is a village in Abtar Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Vashapi	Iran
country	Samotišky is a village and municipality (obec) in Olomouc District in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic.	Samotišky	Czech Republic
country	Kür Qarabucaq (also, Kyurkarabudzhak, Karabudzhag, Karabudzhakh, and Karabujakh) is a village and municipality in the Neftchala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Kür Qarabucaq	Azerbaijan
country	Bumi Hills is the name of a group of hills and a luxury resort in Mashonaland West province Zimbabwe.	Bumi Hills	Zimbabwe
country	Aïn Oussera or Aïn Oussara (Arabic: عين وسارة‎) is a city in Djelfa Province, Algeria, with an estimated (2005) population of 134,174.	Aïn Oussera	Algeria
country	Garzin Kheyl (Persian: گرزين خيل‎, also Romanized as Garzīn Kheyl; also known as Garzīneh Kheyl) is a village in Rastupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Garzin Kheyl	Iran
country	Kopachi (Ukrainian: Копачі, Russian: Копачи) was a village near Chernobyl, Ukraine, just south-west of the Pripyat River Basin.	Kopachi	Ukraine
country	Borongan, pronounced bo-róng-gan, officially the City of Borongan (Waray: Siyudad han Borongan; Filipino: Lungsod ng Borongan), is a component city and the provincial capital of the province of Eastern Samar, Philippines.	Borongan	Philippines
country	Braisnes-sur-Aronde, formerly Braisnes, is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.	Braisnes-sur-Aronde	France
country	Uepi is an island in the Solomon Islands; it is located in the Western Province, noted for its high quality blue-water drop-off scuba diving.	Uepi	Solomon Islands
country	The Swan Express was a weekly English language newspaper published in Midland, Western Australia.	Swan Express	Australia
country	Trenčianske Jastrabie ( Hungarian: Ölved ) is a village and municipality in Trenčín District in the Trenčín Region of north-western Slovakia.	Trenčianske Jastrabie	Slovakia
country	Finnvær Lighthouse (Norwegian: Finnvær fyr) is a lighthouse at Finnværet on the island of Valøya, part of the Froan islands in the municipality of Frøya in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Finnvær Lighthouse	Norway
country	Colentina A.C. București was a football club based in Bucharest, in southern Romania.	Colentina A.C. București	Romania
country	The Jasper Skytram is the highest and longest aerial tramway located in Canada.	Jasper Skytram	Canada
country	Awallani (Aymara awalla the first one of two newborn girl, -ni a suffix to indicate ownership, ``the one with the first one of two newborn girl'', hispanicized spelling Aguallane) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 4,800 metres (15,748 ft) high.	Awallani	Peru
country	Yonsky (Russian: Ёнский) is the rural locality (a Posyolok) in Kovdor municipality of Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Yonsky	Russia
country	The Bahá'í World Centre buildings are buildings that are part of the Bahá'í World Centre in Israel.	Bahá'í World Centre buildings	Israel
country	BE IT RESOLVED that the City Council of the City of Kinney, in Kinney, Minnesota, has decided to secede from the United States of America, and become a foreign country.	Kinney, Minnesota	United States of America
country	Roudné (German Ruden) is a village and municipality (obec) in České Budějovice District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Roudné	Czech Republic
country	Valldalen (or sometimes just Valldal) is a valley in Norddal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Valldalen	Norway
country	Yedeyur (variant spellings include: Yediyur; Yadiyur; Yadiyūr) is a town in Tumkur district of Karnataka state, India.	Yedeyur	India
country	Vranjina Monastery or Vranina Monastery (Serbian Cyrillic: Манастир Врањина) or St. Nicholas' Monastery is a Serbian Orthodox monastery on south-east part of Vranjina island on Skadar Lake in Montenegro.	Vranjina Monastery	Montenegro
country	Mirror Lakes are a set of lakes on the road from Te Anau to Milford Sound in New Zealand.	Mirror Lakes	New Zealand
country	Podkońce (pɔtˈkɔɲt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzeczniów, within Lipsko County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Podkońce	Poland
country	Thiruvilandur is a town situated to the north of the town of Mayiladuthurai in Tamil Nadu, India.	Thiruvilandur	India
country	It is a city in the central India region, on the south bank of the Narmada River, and is the administrative center of Hoshangabad District.	Hoshangabad	India
country	Abbas Qeshlaqi (Persian: عباس قشلاقي‎, also Romanized as ʿAbbās Qeshlāqī; also known as Moḩammadābād, Nūrī Kandī, and Nūr Kandī) is a village in Arshaq-e Gharbi Rural District, Moradlu District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Abbas Qeshlaqi	Iran
country	Kruszyny-Rumunki (kruˈʂɨnɨ ruˈmunki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowo, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kruszyny-Rumunki	Poland
country	Séféto is a small town and principal settlement of the commune of Séféto Ouest in the Cercle of Kita in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.	Séféto	Mali
country	The Carlton Centre is a skyscraper and shopping centre located in downtown Johannesburg, South Africa.	Carlton Centre	South Africa
country	Pullijärv (also known as Lake Pullipõdra) is a lake on the northwestern side of Misso settlement, in southeastern Estonia.	Pullijärv	Estonia
country	Abiy Addi (also spelled Abi Addi; Tigrigna ዓብዪ ዓዲ ``Big town'') is a town and separate woreda in north central Ethiopia, and was capital of the former province of Tembien before that province was incorporated into Tigray.	Abiy Addi	Ethiopia
country	Shushtar County (Persian: شهرستان شوشتر‎) is a county in Khuzestan Province in Iran.	Shushtar County	Iran
country	As of 2011 census India, Tanuku had a population of 72,970.	Tanuku	India
country	Var Yekshabeh (Persian: واريكشبه‎, also Romanized as Vār Yekshabeh) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Var Yekshabeh	Iran
country	La Marquesa National Park, with the official name Parque Nacional Insurgente Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla, is a National park in the State of Mexico, in central Mexico.	La Marquesa National Park	Mexico
country	The Orange Route (Dutch: Oranje-Route, German: Oranier-Route) is a holiday route, that runs from Amsterdam in the Netherlands through North and Central Germany and returns to Amsterdam.	Orange Route	Germany
country	Donebach is a neighborhood of the village of Mudau, Odenwald, Germany and has 369 inhabitants.	Donebach	Germany
country	Mowtowr-e Mohtaj (Persian: موتورمحتاج‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Moḩtāj) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Mohtaj	Iran
country	Sombor Airport (ICAO: LYSO) (Serbian Latin: Aerodrom Sombor, Cyrillic: Аеродром Сомбор) is an airport in Serbia, located 7 km from the city of Sombor and 9 km from the town of Apatin between villages Kupusina and Prigrevica.	Sombor Airport	Serbia
country	Koktash (Kyrgyz: Көк-Таш - Kök-Tash) is an urban-type settlement in Jalal-Abad Region of Kyrgyzstan.	Koktash	Kyrgyzstan
country	Kobylin-Kruszewo (kɔˈbɨlin kruˈʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kobylin-Kruszewo	Poland
country	Ammameh-e Bala (Persian: امامه بالا‎, also Romanized as Ammāmeh-e Bālā; also known as Ammāmeh-ye Deh-e Bālā) is a village in Rudbar-e Qasran Rural District, Rudbar-e Qasran District, Shemiranat County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Ammameh-e Bala	Iran
country	The Jos Plateau is a plateau located near the centre of Nigeria.	Jos Plateau	Nigeria
country	Ariyankuppam (West) (Tamil: அரியாங்குப்பம் (மேற்கு) ) is a panchayat village in Ariyankuppam Commune in the Union Territory of Puducherry, India.	Ariyankuppam (West)	India
country	Colegio Nacional de Monserrat is a public college preparatory high school in Córdoba, Argentina.	Colegio Nacional de Monserrat	Argentina
country	Te Waewae Bay is the westernmost of three large bays lying on the Foveaux Strait coast of Southland, New Zealand, the others being Oreti Beach and Toetoes Bay.	Te Waewae Bay	New Zealand
country	The Lal-lo and Gattaran Shell Middens are located along the banks of the Cagayan River in the province of Cagayan, Philippines.	Lal-lo and Gattaran Shell Middens	Philippines
country	Ábelová (earlier also Abelová, Jabelová; Hungarian: Ábelfalva, before 1907 Abellehota, before 1873 Abelova) is a village and municipality in the Lučenec District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia.	Ábelová	Slovakia
country	Meka Station, commonly referred to as Meka, is a pastoral lease that operates as a sheep station in Western Australia.	Meka Station	Australia
country	The Otamiri River is one of the main rivers in Imo State, Nigeria.	Otamiri River	Nigeria
country	Patate is a town in Ecuador in the Tungurahua Province in northwestern South America between San Juan de Ambato and Baños.	Patate	Ecuador
country	Zayed Sports City Stadium (Arabic: ستاد مدينة زايد الرياضية‎), is an iconic multi-purpose stadium located in Zayed Sports City, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.	Zayed Sports City Stadium	United Arab Emirates
country	Stanomino (stanɔˈminɔ) (formerly German Standemin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białogard, within Białogard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Stanomino	Poland
country	Klein Aub is a village in the Rehoboth Rural constituency in the Hardap Region of central Namibia.	Klein Aub	Namibia
country	Risin og Kellingin (Risin and Kellingin) are two sea stacks just off the northern coast of the island of Eysturoy in the Faroe Islands close to the town of Eiði.	Risin og Kellingin	Faroe Islands
country	Nyazura (formerly Inyazura) is a village in the province of Manicaland, Zimbabwe located 72 km north west of Mutare on the main road and railway linking Harare and Mutare.	Nyazura	Zimbabwe
country	Hulftegg Pass (el. 954 m.) is a mountain pass between the cantons of Zürich and St. Gallen in Switzerland.	Hulftegg Pass	Switzerland
country	Wnory-Wandy (ˈvnɔrɨ ˈvandɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Wnory-Wandy	Poland
country	Bulgar Mosque (Russian: Мечеть Булгар, Tatar: Болгар мәчет), is a mosque in Kazan, Tatarstan, Russia.	Bulgar Mosque	Russia
country	The University of Hertfordshire is a public research university in Hertfordshire, United Kingdom.	University of Hertfordshire	United Kingdom
country	Posušje (Croatian pronunciation: (pɔ̌suːʃjɛ)) is a town and municipality in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Posušje	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Aksheeswaraswamy Temple is a Hindu temple dedicated to Lord Shiva located near the holy village of Acharapakkam, Tamil Nadu, India.	Aksheeswaraswamy Temple	India
country	Rödermark is a town in the Offenbach district in the Regierungsbezirk of Darmstadt in Hesse, Germany, southeast of Frankfurt am Main and northeast of Darmstadt.	Rödermark	Germany
country	Pithom (Hebrew: פתם‎) also called Per-Atum or Heroöpolis or Heroonopolis (Greek: Ἡρώων πόλις or Ἡρώ) was an ancient city of Egypt.	Pithom	Egypt
country	Aarwangen District was a district in the northeast corner of the canton of Bern in Switzerland, with its seat at Aarwangen.	Aarwangen District	Switzerland
country	The Canadian Federation of Engineering Students (CFES) (Fédération canadienne étudiante de génie in French) is the national association of undergraduate engineering student societies in Canada and exists to organize activities, provide services and interact with professional and other bodies at the national and international level for the benefit of Canadian engineering students.	Canadian Federation of Engineering Students	Canada
country	Gombasek Cave or Gombasecká jaskyňa (in Slovak) and Gombaszögi-barlang (in Hungarian) is a stalactite and stalagmite cave in the Slovak Karst, Slovakia.	Gombasek Cave	Slovakia
country	Mohács (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈmohaːt͡ʃ); Croatian and Bunjevac: Mohač; German: Mohatsch; Serbian: Мохач; Turkish: Mohaç) is a town in Baranya county, Hungary on the right bank of the Danube.	Mohács	Hungary
country	Cheia is a mountain resort, 60 kilometers north of Ploieşti, Prahova county, Romania.	Cheia	Romania
country	Collectors' Lot was a TV programme produced from 1997 to 2001 by Twofour Broadcast for the United Kingdom's Channel 4.	Collectors' Lot	United Kingdom
country	The Central Police Division (or 'A' Division, Chinese: 中央警区) is the oldest police division of the Singapore Police Force.	Central Police Division	Singapore
country	Thomastown (Irish: Baile Mhic Andáin), historically known as Grennan, is a town in County Kilkenny in the province of Leinster in the south-east of Ireland.	Thomastown	Ireland
country	Dzhinli (Armenian: Ջինլի, also Cinli and Jinli) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Dzhinli	Azerbaijan
country	Mackovice (German: Moskowitz) is a village and municipality (obec) in Znojmo District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.	Mackovice	Czech Republic
country	The Lake Way mine is a large mine located in the western part of Australia in Western Australia.	Lake Way mine	Australia
country	Chamcook Lake is a lake of Saint Andrews Parish, New Brunswick, Canada.	Chamcook Lake	Canada
country	Tianzhong Station (Chinese: 田中車站; Hanyu Pinyin: Tiánzhōng Chēzhàn; Tongyong Pinyin: Tiánjhong Chejhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line located in Tianzhong Township, Changhua County, Taiwan.	Tianzhong Station	Taiwan
country	Bongeunsa is a Buddhist temple located in Samseong-dong, Gangnam-gu in Seoul, South Korea.	Bongeunsa	South Korea
country	The Rumpi Hills Wildlife Reserve is a reserve in the Rumpi Hills in western Cameroon.	Rumpi Hills Wildlife Reserve	Cameroon
country	Figuig (Amazigh: Ifyyey) is a town in eastern Morocco near the Atlas Mountains, on the border with Algeria.	Figuig	Morocco
country	The Sofia Echo is Bulgaria's national English-language weekly newspaper published out of Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria.	The Sofia Echo	Bulgaria
country	Quetzalcóatl International Airport (Nahuatl pronunciation: (ketsalˈkoːaːtɬ)) (IATA: NLD, ICAO: MMNL) is an international airport located in Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, Mexico.	Quetzalcóatl International Airport	Mexico
country	Mazraeh Mashhadi (Persian: مزرعه مشهدي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh Mashhadī) is a village in Zefreh Rural District, Kuhpayeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 51, in 17 families.	Mazraeh Mashhadi	Iran
country	The Dr. Ziauddin Group of Hospitals is one of the largest groups in Pakistan, which is functioning under Dr. Ziauddin Trust.	Dr. Ziauddin Group of Hospitals	Pakistan
country	Nasiedle (naˈɕɛdlɛ) (German Nassiedel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kietrz, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Nasiedle	Poland
country	Werchrata (vɛrˈxrata) (Ukrainian: Верхрата, Verchrata) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horyniec-Zdrój, within Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Werchrata	Poland
country	Gwembe is a small town in Southern Province of Zambia with a population of about 2000 people.	Gwembe	Zambia
country	CKJR is the only station in Canada broadcasting at 1440 AM.	CKJR	Canada
country	Tursunzoda District (Tajik: Турсунзода, Persian: تورسون‌زاده‎) is the westernmost district of the Districts of Republican Subordination (RRP), bordering on Uzbekistan in the west and enclosed by Tajikistan's Shahrinaw District from the other directions.	Tursunzoda District	Tajikistan
country	The Upper Sava Valley (Slovene: Zgornjesavska dolina) is an alpine valley in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Upper Sava Valley	Slovenia
country	The Palace of the Parliament (Romanian: Palatul Parlamentului) is the seat of the Parliament of Romania.	Palace of the Parliament	Romania
country	Chróścin (ˈxruɕt͡ɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec, within Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Chróścin	Poland
country	Hoppstädten-Weiersbach Airfield is a general aviation airport in Hoppstädten-Weiersbach, Germany.	Hoppstädten-Weiersbach Airfield	Germany
country	Kalsholmen Lighthouse (Norwegian: Kalsholmen fyr) is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Meløy in Nordland county, Norway.	Kalsholmen Lighthouse	Norway
country	Koritnice (pronounced (kɔˈɾiːtnitsɛ); Italian: Coritenza) is a village east of Knežak in the Municipality of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Koritnice	Slovenia
country	Cape Maisí or Cape Maysí is a cape at the eastern extremity of Cuba, projecting into the Windward Passage.	Cape Maisí	Cuba
country	Magwa Falls is a waterfall in the Eastern Cape of South Africa.	Magwa Falls	South Africa
country	The A1175 road is a public highway in south-west Lincolnshire, England within the United Kingdom.	A1175 road	United Kingdom
country	Karigan (Persian: كريگان‎, also Romanized as Karīgān; also known as Gavīgān (Persian: گويگان) and Gūy Kan) is a village in Gevar Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Karigan	Iran
country	Cudworth Airport, (TC LID: CKS3), was located 1.5 nautical miles (2.8 km; 1.7 mi) west southwest of Cudworth, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Cudworth Airport	Canada
country	Onyang-dong, actually a series of six dong, is the central and most populous part of the city of Asan in Chungcheongnam-do, South Korea.	Onyang-dong	South Korea
country	The 2009 World Men's Handball Championship (21st tournament) took place in Croatia from 16 January--1 February, in the cities of Split, Zadar, Osijek, Varaždin, Poreč, Zagreb and Pula.	2009 World Men's Handball Championship	Croatia
country	Borger-Odoorn ( pronunciation ) is a municipality in the northeastern Netherlands in the province of Drenthe.	Borger-Odoorn	Netherlands
country	Kurekli (Persian: كوركلي‎, also Romanized as Kūreklī) is a village in Soltanali Rural District, in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Kurekli	Iran
country	Krefeld (German pronunciation: (ˈkʁeːfɛlt)), also known as Crefeld until 1929, is a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Krefeld	Germany
country	Dekkersduin (or Oostblok) is a former dune in The Hague, Netherlands.	Dekkersduin	Netherlands
country	The Royal League was an annual Scandinavian football tournament held three times between teams from the three Scandinavian monarchies (Denmark, Sweden, and Norway), starting after the end of the regular domestic seasons of Norway and Sweden.	Royal League	Denmark	Sweden	Norway
country	Kovalam is a beach town by the Arabian Sea in Thiruvananthapuram city, Kerala, India, located around 16 km from the city center.	Kovalam	India
country	Volendam (Dutch pronunciation: (ˌvoːlənˈdɑm)) is a town in North Holland in the Netherlands, in the municipality of Edam-Volendam.	Volendam	Netherlands
country	Vandzene parish (Latvian: Vandzenes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Talsi District, Latvia.	Vandzene parish	Latvia
country	Szafranów (ʂaˈfranuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czermin, within Mielec County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Szafranów	Poland
country	Mojanovići (pronounced (mɔjǎːnɔv̞it͡ɕi)) is a small town in Montenegro.	Mojanovići	Montenegro
country	The Shire of Towong is a local government area in the Hume region of Victoria, Australia, located in the north-east part of the state.	Shire of Towong	Australia
country	The Bundeswehr Military History Museum (German: Militärhistorisches Museum der Bundeswehr (MHM)) is the military museum of the German Armed Forces, the Bundeswehr, and one of the major military history museums in Germany.	Bundeswehr Military History Museum	Germany
country	Blankenheim Castle (German: Burg Blankenheim) is a schloss above the village of Blankenheim in the Eifel mountains of Germany.	Blankenheim Castle	Germany
country	Brodarica is a village located south of Šibenik, Croatia, on the Adriatic Sea coast across the island of Krapanj, by the D8 state road.	Brodarica	Croatia
country	Briežuciems parish (Latvian: Briežuciema pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Balvi District, Latvia.	Briežuciems parish	Latvia
country	Isla de Pasion (Passion Island) is a tourist attraction in Cozumel, Mexico.	Isla de Pasion	Mexico
country	Bernkastel-Kues (German pronunciation: (ˌbɛɐ̯nkastəlˈkuːs)) is a well-known winegrowing centre on the Middle Moselle in the Bernkastel-Wittlich district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Bernkastel-Kues	Germany
country	Korjan (Persian: كرجان‎, also Romanized as Korjān) is a village in Sard-e Sahra Rural District, in the Central District of Tabriz County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Korjan	Iran
country	Chae Son National Park (Thai: อุทยานแห่งชาติแจ้ซ้อน) is a national park in Lampang Province, Thailand.	Chae Son National Park	Thailand
country	Manisa (Turkish pronunciation: (maˈnisa)) is a large city in Turkey's Aegean Region and the administrative seat of Manisa Province.	Manisa	Turkey
country	The Friedrich-Engelhorn-Hochhaus was a 28-storey, 101.63 m (333.4 ft) skyscraper in Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Germany.	Friedrich-Engelhorn-Hochhaus	Germany
country	The Penang Adventist Hospital (Malay: Hospital Adventist, Chinese: 槟安医院) is a Christian nonprofit medical institution in Penang, Malaysia.	Penang Adventist Hospital	Malaysia
country	Kayangel (Ngcheangel) is the northernmost state of Palau 24 km (15 mi) north of Koror.	Kayangel	Palau
country	Romsdalsalpane is mountain range surrounding the Romsdalen valley in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Romsdalsalpane	Norway
country	Most of Petawawa's residents work as civilian employees, or as members of the Canadian Forces at CFB Petawawa which is home to 2 Canadian Mechanized Brigade Group, and 4 Canadian Division Support Group Another major employer is Atomic Energy of Canada Limited located nearby in Chalk River.	Petawawa	Canada
country	Báguanos (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈbaɣwanos)) is a municipality and town in the Holguín Province of Cuba.	Báguanos	Cuba
country	The Church of Saint John the Baptist, commonly known as the Rotunda of Xewkija or Xewkija Rotunda is a Roman Catholic church in Xewkija, Gozo, Malta.	Rotunda of Xewkija	Malta
country	Baba Ranadhir is a temple in the town of Bhuna in the Fatehabad district of the state of Haryana, India.	Baba Ranadhir	India
country	Turnišče (pronounced (ˈtuːɾniʃtʃɛ); Hungarian: Bántornya, Prekmurje Slovene: Törnišče, German: Turnitz) is a town in Slovenia.	Turnišče	Slovenia
country	Pol-e Ushan (Persian: پل اوشن‎, also Romanized as Pol-e Ūshan and Polowshan; also known as Pol-e Āshan) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Kelardasht District, Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pol-e Ushan	Iran
country	The Letlhakane diamond mine is a diamond mine located in Botswana about 190 kilometers (120 mi) west of the city of Francistown.	Letlhakane diamond mine	Botswana
country	Borella is the largest suburb in Colombo, Sri Lanka represented by divisional code 8.	Borella	Sri Lanka
country	Raginan (Persian: رگينان‎, also Romanized as Ragīnān) is a village in Abtar Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Raginan	Iran
country	SM City Olongapo (formerly Olongapo City Mall) is a shopping mall owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings, the largest mall owner and operator in the Philippines.	SM City Olongapo	Philippines
country	The Norwegian Union of Clothing Workers (Norwegian: Bekledningsarbeiderforbundet) was a trade union in Norway, organized under the national Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions.	Norwegian Union of Clothing Workers	Norway
country	Trinitat Vella is one of the seven neighborhoods in the Sant Andreu district of Barcelona, Catalonia (Spain).	Trinitat Vella	Spain
country	The Treaty of the Eighteen Articles was a proposal for a treaty between Belgium and the Netherlands to establish borders between the two countries.	Treaty of the Eighteen Articles	Belgium
country	The Van Gogh Museum (Dutch pronunciation: (vɑŋ ˌɣɔx myˈzeːjʏm)) is an art museum in Amsterdam in the Netherlands dedicated to the works of Vincent van Gogh and his contemporaries.	Van Gogh Museum	Netherlands
country	Wadowice Dolne (vadɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈdɔlnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wadowice Górne, within Mielec County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wadowice Dolne	Poland
country	Hulsig is a settlement and area of moorland and grey sand dunes in the Råbjerg Mile of the Skagens Odde peninsula, in northern Jutland, northern Denmark.	Hulsig	Denmark
country	Glabušovce (Hungarian: Galábocs) is a village and municipality in southern Slovakia.	Glabušovce	Slovakia
country	Dorian's was a department store chain based in Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico.	Dorian's	Mexico
country	Rosenborg Castle (Danish: Rosenborg Slot) is a renaissance castle located in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Rosenborg Castle	Denmark
country	Tłumaczów (twuˈmat͡ʂuf) (German: Tuntschendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radków, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, near the border with the Czech Republic.	Tłumaczów	Poland
country	The Lidder Valley or Liddar Valley in the state of Jammu and Kashmir, India, is a Himalayan sub-valley that forms the northeastern corner of the Kashmir Valley.	Lidder Valley	India
country	Sveti Duh na Ostrem Vrhu (pronounced (ˈsʋeːti ˈduːx na ˈoːstɾɛm ˈʋəɾxu)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of Selnica ob Dravi in northeastern Slovenia, right on the border with Austria.	Sveti Duh na Ostrem Vrhu	Slovenia
country	Suratgarh Air Force Station (ICAO: VI43) of the Indian Air Force (IAF) is located in Suratgarh in Rajasthan, India.	Suratgarh Air Force Station	India
country	Swartbroek is a small town in the Netherlands, in the municipality of Weert.	Swartbroek	Netherlands
country	Weeroona Island is a 77 ha island located in Germein Bay, Spencer Gulf between the city of Port Pirie and town of Port Germein, South Australia.	Weeroona Island	Australia
country	Chilas (Urdu: چلاس‎) is a small town located in the Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan on the left side of river Indus.	Chilas	Pakistan
country	Kamouraska-Témiscouata is a former provincial electoral district in Quebec, Canada that elected members to the National Assembly of Quebec.	Kamouraska-Témiscouata	Canada
country	Douzat is a commune in the Charente departement in southwestern France.	Douzat	France
country	Ustronie Morskie (usˈtrɔɲɛ ˈmɔrskʲɛ) (German: Henkenhagen) is a village in Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Ustronie Morskie	Poland
country	Ayrum (Armenian: Այրում) is a town in the Tavush Province of Armenia.	Ayrum	Armenia
country	Giv'on HaHadashah (Hebrew: גִּבְעוֹן הַחֲדָשָׁה, lit. New Gibeon) is an Israel settlement northwest of Jerusalem in the West Bank.	Giv'on HaHadasha	Israel
country	Aulitiving Island is an uninhabited island located in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.	Aulitiving Island	Canada
country	Proszowice County (Polish: powiat proszowicki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, southern Poland.	Proszowice County	Poland
country	Apollo Arena Bratislava, also known as the Danube Arena, was a proposed a multi-use indoor arena in Bratislava, Slovakia.	Apollo Arena Bratislava	Slovakia
country	Femunden is Norway's third largest lake and the second largest natural lake in Norway.	Femund	Norway
country	Manenberg is a township of Cape Town, South Africa, that was created by the apartheid government for low-income Coloured families in the Cape Flats in 1966 as a result of the force removal campaign by the National Party.	Manenberg	South Africa
country	Idanha-a-Velha is a village and a former civil parish in the municipality of Idanha-a-Nova, Portugal.	Idanha-a-Velha	Portugal
country	The São Francisco River or Rio São Francisco (Portuguese pronunciation: (sɐ̃w fɾɐ̃ˈsiʃku)) is a river in Brazil.	São Francisco River	Brazil
country	Kultur im Gugg is a venue for contemporary art and culture in Braunau am Inn in Austria.	Kultur im Gugg	Austria
country	Burns Lake is a rural village in the North-Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada, incorporated in 1923.	Burns Lake	Canada
country	Lake Country is a district municipality with a population of approximately 12,000 in the Okanagan Valley region of British Columbia, Canada.	Lake Country	Canada
country	Lake Balanan is a lake situated in Siaton, Negros Oriental in the Philippines.	Lake Balanan	Philippines
country	Batnfjordelva is a river in Gjemnes Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Batnfjordelva	Norway
country	Dinhata is headquarters of Dinhata subdivision, and a municipality in Cooch Behar District in the state of West Bengal, India.	Dinhata	India
country	Nikolayevsk-on-Amur (Russian: Никола́евск-на-Аму́ре, Nikolayevsk-na-Amure, Chinese: 庙街) is a town in Khabarovsk Krai, Russia located on the Amur River close to its liman in the Pacific Ocean.	Nikolayevsk-on-Amur	Russia
country	The Mahim Fort (Marathi: माहीम किल्ला) is a fort in Mahim in Mumbai, Maharashtra state, India.	Mahim Fort	India
country	The Campolongo Pass (Italian: Passo Campolongo, Ladin: Ju de Ćiaulunch) (1875 m) is a high mountain pass in the Dolomites in Trentino in Italy.	Campolongo Pass	Italy
country	Matesi (Greek: Μάτεσι) is a small mountain village in the municipal unit of Andritsaina, Elis, Greece.	Matesi	Greece
country	Baggot Street (Irish: Sráid Bhagóid) is a street in Dublin, Ireland.	Baggot Street	Ireland
country	Mousere (Greek: Μούσερε) is a Greek Cypriot village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 5 km northeast of Archimandrita.	Mousere	Cyprus
country	Svätý Peter (Hungarian: Komáromszentpéter) is a village and municipality in the Komárno District in the Nitra Region of southwest Slovakia.	Svätý Peter	Slovakia
country	Gornja Stara Vas (pronounced (ˈɡoːɾnja ˈstaːɾa ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Gornja Stara vas, in older sources also Gorenja Stara Vas, German: Oberaltendorf) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Škocjan in southeastern Slovenia (the traditional region of Lower Carniola).	Gornja Stara Vas	Slovenia
country	Diehl Metall is a corporate division of the Diehl Stiftung & Co. KG, a worldwide operating industrial group, and has its head office in Roethenbach a d Pegnitz near Nuremberg/Germany.	Diehl Metall	Germany
country	The Genoa Metro (Italian: Metropolitana di Genova) is a light metro consisting of a single line that connects the centre of Genoa, Italy with the suburb of Rivarolo Ligure, to the north-west of the city centre.	Genoa Metro	Italy
country	The Castlereigh Dam (also spelled Castlereagh) is a gravity dam built across the Kehelgamu Oya, a major tributary to the Kelani River, approximately 3 km (1.9 mi) south-west of Hatton, in the Central Province of Sri Lanka.	Castlereigh Dam	Sri Lanka
country	Soroti Regional Referral Hospital, commonly known as Soroti Hospital is a hospital in the town of Soroti, in Soroti District, in Eastern Uganda.	Soroti Hospital	Uganda
country	The Dobrilovina Monastery (Serbian: Добриловина) is a Serbian Orthodox monastery in Donja Dobrilovina, Mojkovac, northern Montenegro.	Dobrilovina Monastery	Montenegro
country	Jamisontown, New South Wales is a suburb of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia.	Jamisontown	Australia
country	Stara Loka (pronounced (ˈstaːɾa ˈloːka); German: Altlack) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Stara Loka	Slovenia
country	Alagalla Mountain Range or ``Potato Range'' is situated at the boundaries of the Central and Sabaragamuwa Provinces in Sri Lanka.	Alagalla Mountain Range	Sri Lanka
country	The Episcopal Diocese of Pennsylvania is a diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America encompassing the counties of Philadelphia, Montgomery, Bucks, Chester and Delaware in the state of Pennsylvania.	Episcopal Diocese of Pennsylvania	United States of America
country	Lucky Plaza is a shopping centre located at Orchard in Singapore.	Lucky Plaza	Singapore
country	The View River Neighborhood Association is a community located at Barangay Batasan Hills, Quezon City, Metro Manila, Philippines.	View River Neighborhood Association	Philippines
country	Kulhudhuffushi (Dhivehi: ކުޅުދުއްފުށި) is the capital of Haa Dhaalu Atoll administrative division and geographically part of Thiladhummathi Atoll in the north of the Maldives.	Kulhudhuffushi	Maldives
country	Tamborine Mountain State High School (TMSHS) is a co-educational, state secondary school located on Tamborine Mountain, Queensland, Australia.	Tamborine Mountain State High School	Australia
country	Kernu Parish (Estonian: Kernu vald) is a rural municipality in north-western Estonia.	Kernu Parish	Estonia
country	The Köroğlu Mountains (Turkish: Köroğlu Dağları) are a mountain range situated in the northern Turkey, north of Ankara.	Köroğlu Mountains	Turkey
country	Cachimbo Airport (ICAO: SBCC) is the military airport serving Campo de Provas Brigadeiro Velloso, a large Testing and Training complex of the Brazilian Armed Forces located in Serra do Cachimbo (English: Smoking pipe Mountains), in the southern part of the state of Pará, Brazil.	Cachimbo Airport	Brazil
country	Potrekhnovo (Russian: Потрехново) is a village in Gdovsky District of Pskov Oblast, Russia.	Potrekhnovo	Russia
country	Ladkhukan (Persian: لدخوكان‎, also Romanized as Ladkhūkān; also known as Ladhūkān) is a village in Birk Rural District, in the Central District of Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Ladkhukan	Iran
country	Bosluiskloof Pass (English: Tick gap) is located in the Western Cape province of South Africa on the road between Laingsburg and the Gamkapoort Dam, not far from the town of Ladismith	Bosluiskloof Pass	South Africa
country	The Eastleigh by-election, 1994 was a parliamentary by-election held on 9 June 1994 for the United Kingdom House of Commons constituency of Eastleigh in Hampshire.	Eastleigh by-election, 1994	United Kingdom
country	Samar State University (SSU) is a university in the province of Samar, Philippines.	Samar State University	Philippines
country	Nanchang Hangkong University (simplified Chinese: 南昌航空大学; traditional Chinese: 南昌航空大學; pinyin: Nánchāng Hángkōng Dàxué), also Nanchang Aviation University, is located in Nanchang City, Jiangxi Province, People's Republic of China.	Nanchang Hangkong University	People's Republic of China
country	The Serranía de Ronda is a comarca in the western part of province of Málaga, Andalusia, Spain.	Serranía de Ronda	Spain
country	Smyków-Boroniewskie (ˈsmɨkuf bɔrɔˈɲɛfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Smyków-Boroniewskie	Poland
country	The Republic of Martyazo (French: République de Martyazo) was a secessionist state proclaimed by Hutu rebels in Burundi on 1 May 1972.	Martyazo	Burundi
country	Nazarkahrizi (Persian: نظركهريزئ‎; also Romanized as Nazarkahrīzī and Nazar Kahrīzī; also known as Nazar Kahrīz) is a city in and the capital of Nazarkahrizi District, in Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Nazarkahrizi	Iran
country	The Hopak is often popularly referred to as the ``National Dance of Ukraine''.	Hopak	Ukraine
country	Rajšele (pronounced (ˈɾaːi̯ʃɛlɛ)) is a small settlement in the hills above Banja Loka in the Municipality of Kostel in southern Slovenia.	Rajšele	Slovenia
country	Ältasjön (Swedish: ``Lake of Älta'') is a lake in southern Stockholm, Sweden, located north-east of Lake Flaten and named for the vicinity to the urban district Älta.	Ältasjön	Sweden
country	Mazary Zalam (Persian: مزارع زلم‎, also Romanized as Mazāry Zalam) is a village in Garmab Rural District, Chahardangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mazary Zalam	Iran
country	Orlyak, Dobrich Province is a village in Tervel Municipality, Dobrich Province, in northeastern Bulgaria.	Orlyak	Bulgaria
country	Tompaso is a highland subdistrict located about 45 km southwest of Manado in Minahasa Regency, North Sulawesi, Indonesia.	Tompaso	Indonesia
country	Pospólno (pɔsˈpulnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzałkowo, within Słupca County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Pospólno	Poland
country	Pustkowie Gęzyńskie (pustˈkɔvjɛ ɡɛ̃ˈzɨɲskʲɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Poraj, within Myszków County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Pustkowie Gęzyńskie	Poland
country	Regimin (rɛˈɡimin) is a village in Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Regimin	Poland
country	Boologooroo Station, commonly referred to as Boologooroo is a pastoral lease that operates as a sheep station in the Western Australia.	Boologooroo	Australia
country	Miłakowo (mʲiwaˈkɔvɔ) (German: Liebstadt) is a town in Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, Poland, with 2,691 inhabitants (2008).	Miłakowo	Poland
country	Yuzhnoye Butovo District (Russian: Ю́жное Бу́тово) is the biggest residential district in South-Western Administrative Okrug of Moscow, Russia.	Yuzhnoye Butovo District	Russia
country	Deolapar is a small town in the Nagpur district in Nagpur division of Vidarbha region of Maharashtra state in India.	Deolapar	India
country	Krustpils parish (Latvian: Krustpils pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Jēkabpils District, Latvia.	Krustpils parish	Latvia
country	Malinówka Wielka (maliˈnufka ˈvjɛlka) (German: Groß Malinowken (1938-45:Großschmieden)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Malinówka Wielka	Poland
country	Tamana al-Ghab (Arabic: تمانعة الغاب‎, also spelled Tamaanat al-Ghab) is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of the Hama Governorate, located northwest of Hama.	Tamana al-Ghab	Syria
country	FC Jyväskylä Blackbird (abbreviated FCJ Blackbird or FC Blackbird or FCJ) is a football club from Jyväskylä in Finland.	FC Jyväskylä Blackbird	Finland
country	Mayor Pablo Lagerenza is a town in the Alto Paraguay department of Paraguay.	Mayor Pablo Lagerenza	Paraguay
country	Mazraeh-ye Ghafariyeh (Persian: مزرعه غفاريه‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Ghafārīyeh) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District, Javadabad District, Varamin County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Ghafariyeh	Iran
country	Rovia (Greek: Ρόβια) is a little mountain village in the municipal unit of Andritsaina, Elis, Greece.	Rovia	Greece
country	Nesflaten Chapel (Norwegian: Nesflaten kapell) is a chapel in Suldal in Rogaland county, Norway.	Nesflaten Chapel	Norway
country	Slavljevići (Serbian Cyrillic: Слављевићи) is a village in the municipality of Trnovo, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Slavljevići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Mulgrave River, incorporating the East Mulgrave River and the West Mulgrave River, is a river system located in Far North Queensland, Australia.	Mulgrave River	Australia
country	Mowtowr-e Hasan Jafarzehi (Persian: موتورحسن جعفرزهي‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩasan Jaʿfarzehī) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Hasan Jafarzehi	Iran
country	Blue Note Tokyo is a high-end jazz venue, the most expensive in Aoyama, Tokyo, Japan.	Blue Note Tokyo	Japan
country	Uppsala Student Union (Uppsala studentkår) is one of four students' unions at Uppsala University in Uppsala, Sweden.	Uppsala Student Union	Sweden
country	Chulabhorn Dam (เขื่อนจุฬาภรณ์) is a dam in Tambon Thung Lui Lai, Amphoe Khon San, Chaiyaphum Province, Thailand.	Chulabhorn Dam	Thailand
country	Neuzina (Serbian Cyrillic: Неузина) is a village in Serbia.	Neuzina	Serbia
country	The Film and Television Institute of India (FTII) is an autonomous institute under the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting of the Government of India and aided by the Central Government of India.	Film and Television Institute	India
country	Kaff al-Hammam (Arabic: كاف الحمام‎, also spelled Kaf al-Hamam) is a village and suburb in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Tartus Governorate, located southeast of Tartus.	Kaff al-Hammam	Syria
country	Dundas Harbour (Inuktitut Talluruti ``a woman's chin with tattoos on it'') (74°31′N 82°23′W) is an abandoned settlement in Qikiqtaaluk, Nunavut, Canada.	Dundas Harbour	Canada
country	Pokrovske (Ukrainian: Покро́вське) is an urban-type settlement in Dnipropetrovsk Oblast (province) of east-central Ukraine.	Pokrovske	Ukraine
country	The 2008 Belgian Grand Prix (formally the LXIV ING Belgian Grand Prix) was a Formula One motor race held on 7 September 2008, at the Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps near the town of Spa, Belgium.	2008 Belgian Grand Prix	Belgium
country	The Arboretum d'Arpajon-sur-Cère (7 hectares) is an arboretum located on the Route de Labrousse, Arpajon-sur-Cère, Cantal, Auvergne, France.	Arboretum d'Arpajon-sur-Cère	France
country	Saeul (Luxembourgish: Sëll) is a commune and small town in western Luxembourg, in the canton of Redange.	Saeul	Luxembourg
country	Warszkowo-Kolonia (varʂˈkɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Warszkowo-Kolonia	Poland
country	Kasoa (Gomoa Nyanyano), formerly known as Odupongkpehe, is a peri-urban town in the Awutu Senya East Municipal District of the Central region of Ghana.	Kasoa	Ghana
country	Moscow State Technical University of Civil Aviation (MSTUCA) is a leading institution of higher education in Russia which trains Civil Aviation specialists, a center of science and culture where training of specialists and fundamental scientific research in the field of science, technology, humanities and economics are considered.	Moscow State Technical University of Civil Aviation	Russia
country	Yongphulla Airport (IATA: YON, ICAO: VQTY) (also known as Yonphula Airport) is a domestic airport in Bhutan, one of only four airports in the country.	Yongphulla Airport	Bhutan
country	Kaljibrin (Arabic: كلجبرين‎) is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of the A'zaz District of Aleppo Governorate, located northeast of Aleppo.	Kaljibrin	Syria
country	Cowies Creek is a creek in the northern suburbs of Geelong, Victoria, Australia.	Cowies Creek	Australia
country	Schefferville/Squaw Lake Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CSZ9), is located on Lac de la Squaw, (Squaw Lake) near Schefferville, Quebec, Canada.	Schefferville/Squaw Lake Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Onokhoy (Russian: Онохо́й; Buryat: Онохой) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Zaigrayevsky District of the Republic of Buryatia, Russia.	Onokhoy	Russia
country	Manitoba Hydro is the electric power and natural gas utility in the province of Manitoba, Canada.	Manitoba Hydro	Canada
country	Kråmyra Stadion was a football stadium in the city of Ålesund, in Norway that served as the home grounds for Aalesunds FK from 1977 until Color Line Stadium opened in April, 2005.	Kråmyra Stadion	Norway
country	The Nundkol Lake or Nund Kol also known as Kalodaka Lake is an oligotrophic alpine lake situated in the Kashmir Valley, in Ganderbal district of Jammu and Kashmir, India.	Nundkol Lake	India
country	Quảng Tùng a town and commune (xã) in the district of Quảng trạch, Quang Binh Province, North Central Coast Region of Vietnam.	Quảng Tùng	Vietnam
country	Gyldenholm Manor is a manor house located 10 km south-east of Slagelse, Denmark.	Gyldenholm Manor	Denmark
country	The University of Commercial Sciences (Spanish: Universidad de Ciencias Comerciales) (UCC), is a private university located in Managua, Nicaragua which was founded in 1964.	University of Commercial Sciences	Nicaragua
country	Catch the Fire Toronto, previously known (until 2010) as Toronto Airport Christian Fellowship (TACF) is a non-denominational neocharismatic Christian church in Toronto, Canada.	Catch the Fire Toronto	Canada
country	The A. Kasteyev State Museum of Arts is the largest art museum in Kazakhstan, located in Almaty.	A. Kasteyev State Museum of Arts	Kazakhstan
country	Råshult is a village just north of Älmhult in Kronoberg County, Småland, Sweden.	Råshult	Sweden
country	Bittou is a town and seat of the Bittou Department of Boulgou Province in south-eastern Burkina Faso.	Bittou	Burkina Faso
country	Kostroma (Russian: Кострома; IPA: (kəstrɐˈma)) is a historic city and the administrative center of Kostroma Oblast, Russia.	Kostroma	Russia
country	Kensington and Chelsea College (West London Campus) is a provider of education and training in west London, United Kingdom.	Kensington and Chelsea College	United Kingdom
country	Fiukówka (fjuˈkufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywda, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Fiukówka	Poland
country	Rosà is a town of 14.328 inhabitants in the province of Vicenza, Veneto, Italy.	Rosà	Italy
country	Charthana is a major village in Jintur taluka of Parbhani district in Maharashtra state of India.	Charthana	India
country	The Peron Islands are two low-lying islands off the west coast of the Northern Territory of Australia.	Peron Islands	Australia
country	The Russel Range is a subrange of the Finlay Ranges of the Omineca Mountains, located between Finlay River and Pelly Creek in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Russel Range	Canada
country	Birds of Wales are headquartered out of Toronto, Canada, and inevitably spend most of their time on the road.	Birds of Wales	Canada
country	Nukus Museum of Art or, in full, The State Art Museum of the Republic of Karakalpakstan, named after I.V. Savitsky is an art museum based in Nukus, Uzbekistan.	Nukus Museum of Art	Uzbekistan
country	Chřibská (Czech pronunciation: (ˈxr̝̊ɪpskaː); German: Kreibitz) is a town in the Okres Děčín in Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.	Chřibská	Czech Republic
country	Virmuni (Persian: ويرموني‎, also Romanized as Vīrmūnī; also known as Wermani) is a village in Virmuni Rural District, in the Central District of Astara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Virmuni	Iran
country	Club Atlético Rosario Central (Spanish pronunciation: (roˈsaɾjo senˈtɾal)) is a sports club based in Rosario, Argentina, that plays in the Argentine Primera División.	Rosario Central	Argentina
country	Zbarazh (Ukrainian: Збараж, Polish: Zbaraż, Yiddish: זבאריזש Zbarj) is a city in the Ternopil Oblast (province) of western Ukraine.	Zbarazh	Ukraine
country	Takht-e Goru (Persian: تخت گرو‎‎, also Romanized as Takht-e Gorū; also known as Takhteh Gorūh) is a village in Kukherd Rural District, Kukherd District, Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Takht-e Goru	Iran
country	Tateh Rashid (Persian: تاته رشيد‎, also Romanized as Tāteh Rashīd and Tāteh-ye Rashīd; also known as Tatarashi and Tātārshī) is a village in Quri Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Dehgolan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Tateh Rashid	Iran
country	The Aporé River (Portuguese, Rio Aporé, also called Rio do Peixe) is a river forming the border between Goiás and Mato Grosso do Sul states in central Brazil.	Aporé River	Brazil
country	The Karesuando Church (Swedish: Karesuando kyrka) is a wooden church building in Karesuando, Sweden.	Karesuando Church	Sweden
country	Okanagan Mountain is a mountain in the Okanagan region of the Southern Interior of British Columbia, Canada, located on the east side of Okanagan Lake on the immediate south of the city of Kelowna and north of Penticton.	Okanagan Mountain	Canada
country	No. 1 Squadron RNZAF was a New Zealand reconnaissance and patrol bomber squadron operating in the Pacific Theatre during World War II. After the war the squadron served in the transport and VIP role.	No. 1 Squadron RNZAF	New Zealand
country	Mortęgi (mɔrˈtɛnɡi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubawa, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Mortęgi	Poland
country	The Buchlov castle (German: Burg Buchlau) is a royal castle that, along with Bare Hill (Czech: Holý kopec) and Saint Barbara's Chapel, belongs to the points of interest in the Chřiby mountains in southeastern Moravia, Czech Republic.	Buchlov	Czech Republic
country	Nowe Helenowo (ˈnɔvɛ xɛlɛˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przasnysz, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowe Helenowo	Poland
country	Wólka Komarowska (ˈvulka kɔmaˈrɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komarówka Podlaska, within Radzyń Podlaski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wólka Komarowska	Poland
country	Benchamaratrungsarit 2 School (Ben 2) is in the provincial capital of Chacheongsao, Thailand.	Benchamaratrungsarit 2 School	Thailand
country	Afir (Persian: عفير‎, also Romanized as ʿAfīr; also known as Gowd-e Afīr) is a village in Qasabeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Afir	Iran
country	Guaporé River (Portuguese: Rio Guaporé) is a river in western Brazil and northeastern Bolivia.	Guaporé River	Brazil	Bolivia
country	Qazqapan (Persian: قزقاپان‎, also Romanized as Qazqāpān) is a village in Piran Rural District, in the Central District of Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qazqapan	Iran
country	Ambagan is a village under Khulshi Thana in Chittagong, Bangladesh.	Ambagan	Bangladesh
country	Konstvägen sju älvar is a tourist and sculpture route in Västerbotten in North Sweden that travels 350 kilometers in from the coast.	Konstvägen sju älvar	Sweden
country	Muratlı Dam (Turkish: Muratlı Barajı) is a dam on the Çoruh River in Muratlı village, 12 km (7.5 mi) north east of Borçka in Artvin Province, Turkey.	Muratlı Dam	Turkey
country	The Melville Hall River is a river in the Caribbean nation of Dominica.	Melville Hall River	Dominica
country	Borgosesia railway station (Italian: Stazione di Borgosesia) is the train station serving the comune of Borgosesia, in the Piedmont region, northwestern Italy.	Borgosesia railway station	Italy
country	East Coast Park Service Road (Chinese: 东海岸公园副路; Malay: Jalan Perkhidmatan Taman Pantai Timur) is a road in Singapore that runs along the northern perimeter of the East Coast Park and parallel to the East Coast Parkway.	East Coast Park Service Road	Singapore
country	The Country Day School or CDS is an independent, non-profit university-preparatory school in King City, Ontario, Canada.	The Country Day School	Canada
country	Mehreh Zar (Persian: مهره زار‎‎, also Romanized as Mehreh Zār) is a village in Gerit Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Mehreh Zar	Iran
country	National Marine Conservation Areas (NMCAs) is a Parks Canada programme responsible for marine areas managed for sustainability and containing smaller zones of high protection.	National Marine Conservation Area	Canada
country	The Sidi el Barrak Dam is an embankment dam located 18 km (11 mi) northeast of Tabarak and 2 km (1 mi) from the Mediterranean Sea on the Oued Zouara River in the Beja Governorate, Tunisia.	Sidi el Barrak Dam	Tunisia
country	Lagrán (Basque: Lagran) is a town and municipality located in the province of Álava, in the Basque Country, northern Spain.	Lagrán	Spain
country	The Füsinger Au / Loiter Au (Danish: Fysing Å / Løjt Å) is a river in the north of Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Füsinger Au	Germany
country	The Senyavin Islands belong to the Federated States of Micronesia.	Senyavin Islands	Federated States of Micronesia
country	Smyczyna (smɨˈt͡ʂɨna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno, within Leszno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Smyczyna	Poland
country	Kimba Airport (ICAO: YIMB) is an airport located 3.5 nautical miles (6.5 km; 4.0 mi) northeast of Kimba, South Australia.	Kimba Airport	Australia
country	Aranđelovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Аранђеловац, Serbo-Croatian pronunciation: (ǎraːnd͡ʑɛlɔv̞at͡s)) is a town and a municipality in Serbia at 44.31° North, 20.57° East.	Aranđelovac	Serbia
country	Shermuhoong Gewog (Dzongkha: ཤེར་མུ་ཧཱུྃ་) is a gewog (village block) of Mongar District, Bhutan.	Shermuhoong Gewog	Bhutan
country	Palazzo Cocchi-Serristori is a Renaissance-style palace in Piazza Santa Croce, Florence, Italy.	Palazzo Cocchi-Serristori	Italy
country	The National Foreign Exchange Association is a non-commercial association of commercial banks, currency exchanges, brokerage firms, and others dedicated to the development and improvement of a high standard foreign exchange market and money market in Russia.	National Foreign Exchange Association	Russia
country	Band-e Kuh (Persian: بندكوه‎, also Romanized as Band-e Kūh; also known as Bandi-ye Kūh) is a village in Fareghan Rural District, Fareghan District, Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Band-e Kuh	Iran
country	Arang is a town and a Nagar Palika in Raipur District in the state of Chhattisgarh, India.	Arang	India
country	Bañado de los Pantanos is a municipality and village in the Arauco Department of La Rioja Province in northwestern Argentina.	Bañado de los Pantanos	Argentina
country	After World War II, Nabrežina together with Trieste became part of the Free Territory of Trieste, and as this entity was disbanded in 1954, it eventually was once more annexed to Italy and is still suffering the aging and decrease of Slovene inhabitants.	Nabrežina	Italy
country	The Dransfeld Municipal Forest (German: Dransfelder Stadtwald) is situated on a ridge in Germany's Central Uplands that ascends to 480 m high.	Dransfeld Municipal Forest	Germany
country	N'guigmi is a city and Commune of fifteen thousand in the easternmost part of Niger, very near to Lake Chad - lying on its shore until the lake retreated.	N'guigmi	Niger
country	Allner See is an artificial lake near Hennef in Rhein-Sieg-Kreis, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Allner See	Germany
country	Santa Fé Airport (IATA: SFE, ICAO: SAFE) is a public use airport located 6 nm west-southwest of Santa Fé, Santa Fe, Argentina.	Santa Fé Airport	Argentina
country	Temen-Suu (Kyrgyz: Темен-Суу, (temensúː)) is a village in the Moskva district of Chuy Province in Kyrgyzstan.	Temen-Suu	Kyrgyzstan
country	Ventersburg is a small town in the Lejweleputswa District Municipality of the Free State province in South Africa, 148 km north of Bloemfontein.	Ventersburg	South Africa
country	Pərizamanlı (also, Pərzamanlı) is a village and the least populous municipality in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Pərizamanlı	Azerbaijan
country	Zaldapa (Zeldepa, Ancient Greek: Ζάλδαπα, Ζέλδεπα) was a Late Roman fortified town in Scythia Minor/Moesia, located near Abrit, Bulgaria.	Zaldapa	Bulgaria
country	Fowler's Warehouse, also known as the Fremantle Furniture Factory, was constructed in 1900 as the principal premises in Western Australia for D. & J. Fowler Ltd. Principally on Henry Street, the building extends through to Packenham Street, and comprises offices, warehouse, engine room packing and coffee roasting house, stables and sheds.	Fowler's Warehouse	Australia
country	Chaukhan is a large village located in Jodhpur, Rajasthan, India.	Chaukhan	India
country	Gaspar Hernández is a city and a beach in the Espaillat province of the Dominican Republic.	Gaspar Hernández	Dominican Republic
country	Narigan (Persian: ناريگان‎, also Romanized as Nārīgān and Narīgān; also known as Nārgān and Nārkān) is a village in Kushk Rural District, in the Central District of Bafq County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Narigan	Iran
country	Kaczagórka (kat͡ʂaˈɡurka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pogorzela, within Gostyń County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kaczagórka	Poland
country	The Wiener Singakademie is a choir in Vienna, Austria.	Wiener Singakademie	Austria
country	The Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics (NUTS) is developed by Eurostat, and employed in Portugal for statistical purposes.	Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics	Portugal
country	P.V. Narasimha Rao was an Indian lawyer, politician, and activist who served as the ninth Prime Minister of India (1991--1996), registered his record-breaking victory in 1992 from Nandyal (Lok Sabha constituency).	Nandyal	India
country	CKLO-FM is a radio station broadcasting a wide-ranging classic rock format on the frequency 98.1 FM in London, Ontario, Canada.	CKLO-FM	Canada
country	Sokołów Podlaski (sɔˈkɔwuf pɔdˈlaski) is a town in Poland, in Masovian Voivodeship, about 80 kilometers east of Warsaw.	Sokołów Podlaski	Poland
country	The Baydamtal Botanical Reserve is located in Tong District of Issyk Kul Province of Kyrgyzstan in Chu River flood plain.	Baydamtal Botanical Reserve	Kyrgyzstan
country	Løvstakken is one of the Seven Mountains that surround the center of the city of Bergen in Hordaland county, Norway.	Løvstakken	Norway
country	Cukang Taneuh (means Soil bridge in Sundanese) also known as Green Canyon is a canyon located in Pangandaran, West Java, Indonesia.	Cukang Taneuh	Indonesia
country	Fort Santiago (Spanish: Fuerte de Santiago Tagalog: Moog ng Santiago) is a citadel first built by Spanish conquistador, Miguel López de Legazpi for the new established city of Manila in the Philippines.	Fort Santiago	Philippines
country	Kirsanov (Russian: Кирса́нов) is a town in Tambov Oblast, Russia, located on the Vorona River at its confluence with the Pursovka River 95 kilometers (59 mi) east of Tambov.	Kirsanov	Russia
country	Gandhinagar Airport (IATA: ISK, ICAO: VANR) was a public airport serving the city of Nashik, in the state of Maharashtra, India.	Gandhinagar Airport	India
country	Ter Aar (Dutch pronunciation: (tɛr ˈaːr)) is a town and former municipality in the western Netherlands, in the province of South Holland.	Ter Aar	Netherlands
country	Saivapragasa Ladies' College (Tamil: சைவப் பிரகாச மகளிர் கல்லூரி Caivap Pirakāca Makaḷir Kallūri, also known as Saivapragasa Girls' College) is a provincial school in Vavuniya, Sri Lanka.	Saivapragasa Ladies' College	Sri Lanka
country	Vic (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈbik)) is the capital of the comarca of Osona, in the Barcelona Province, Catalonia, Spain.	Vic	Spain
country	Gazivoda Lake (Albanian: Liqeni i Gazivodës, Serbian: Газивода) is an artificial lake in Serbia and Kosovo.	Gazivoda Lake	Serbia
country	The Henderson Islets are a group of two adjacent small rocky islands, with a combined area of 0.41 ha, in south-eastern Australia.	Henderson Islets	Australia
country	Located 319 kilometres (198 mi) south of Delhi the capital city of India, Gwalior occupies a strategic location in the Gird region of India.	Gwalior	India
country	The Bayreuth Festspielhaus or Bayreuth Festival Theatre (German: Bayreuther Festspielhaus, pronounced (ˈbaɪ̯ʁɔʏ̯tɐ ˈfɛstʃpiːlˌhaʊ̯s)) is an opera house north of Bayreuth, Germany, dedicated solely to the performance of operas by the 19th-century German composer Richard Wagner.	Bayreuth Festspielhaus	Germany
country	The Royal Patriotic Fund Corporation (also known as the Royal Pat) was a charitable body set up by Royal Warrant in the United Kingdom during the Crimean War.	Royal Patriotic Fund Corporation	United Kingdom
country	Dhadimagu, is an administrative division of Fuvahmulah, Maldives.	Dhadimagu	Maldives
country	The Schwanenstein is a glacial erratic on the island of Rügen in Germany.	Schwanenstein	Germany
country	Il Babuino (Romanesco: Il Babbuino; Italian: Il Babuino, ``The Baboon'') is one of the talking statues of Rome, Italy.	Babuino	Italy
country	The County of Vermilion River is a municipal district located in the eastern part of central Alberta, Canada in Census Division #10.	County of Vermilion River	Canada
country	Chilliwack railway station is in Chilliwack, British Columbia, Canada.	Chilliwack railway station	Canada
country	Orłowicze (ɔrwɔˈvit͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Orłowicze	Poland
country	Stensele is a locality situated in Storuman Municipality, Västerbotten County, Sweden with 546 inhabitants in 2010.	Stensele	Sweden
country	Khniss (Arabic: خنيس‎) is a small city in the Tunisian Sahel region, located on the central coastline of Tunisia, 30km south of Soussa and about 180 km from the capital Tunis.	Khniss	Tunisia
country	Kurakesh (Persian: كوراكش‎, also Romanized as Kūrākesh; also known as Korakesh) is a village in Arzil Rural District, Kharvana District, Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kurakesh	Iran
country	Tiantai County (Tai-chow dialect: T'in-t'e yön; simplified Chinese: 天台县; traditional Chinese: 天台縣; pinyin: Tiāntāi Xiàn), located in the east of Zhejiang Province, People's Republic of China is noted for its scenic Mount Tiantai, which is also an important Tiantai Buddhism site.	Tiantai County	People's Republic of China
country	Vattaparai Falls are located at: 8°15.919′N 77°27.062′E, elevation 40 m (130 ft), in the Keeriparai reserve forest near Bhoothapandi village (Pin:629852) (Met Sta #10145) on the Pazhayar River in Kanyakumari district, Tamil Nadu state, South India.	Vattaparai Falls	India
country	Broadway Methodist Tabernacle was a prominent Methodist church in Toronto, Canada, that existed from 1872 to 1924.	Broadway Methodist Tabernacle	Canada
country	Kaifun (Arabic: كيفون) (also transliterated Kafun, Kaifoun) is a medium-sized village in the Mount Lebanon Governorate, Aley District, in the Republic of Lebanon.	Kaifun	Lebanon
country	Phthiotis (Greek: Φθιώτιδα, Fthiótida, (fθiˈotiða); ancient Greek and Katharevousa: Φθιῶτις) is one of the regional units of Greece.	Phthiotis	Greece
country	The Suru Alliance (French: Alliance Suru, AS) was a political alliance in Benin.	Suru Alliance	Benin
country	Røyken Church (Norwegian: Røyken kirke) is a church in the Røyken municipality, Buskerud, Norway.	Røyken Church	Norway
country	The Dreketi River is located in the island of Vanua Levu in Fiji.	Dreketi River	Fiji
country	The Caves of Nerja (Spanish: Cueva de Nerja) are a series of caverns close to the town of Nerja in the Province of Málaga, Spain.	Caves of Nerja	Spain
country	Qeshlaq-e Khiallu (Persian: قشلاق خياللو‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Khīāllū; also known as Qeshlāq-e Khīārlū) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Khiallu	Iran
country	Timehri is a town in Guyana located 41 kilometers to the south of the nation's capital Georgetown.	Timehri	Guyana
country	Dawa'a al-Jihad (Arabic: ``Call to Struggle'') was a militant university established at an Afghan refugee camp near Peshawar, Pakistan, by Abdul Rasul Sayyaf in the 1980s.	Dawa'a al-Jihad	Pakistan
country	The Bonar River is a short river of New Zealand.	Bonar River	New Zealand
country	Akulivik (Inuktitut: ᐊᑯᓕᕕᒃ) (2011 population 615) is an Inuit village in Nunavik, in northern Quebec, Canada.	Akulivik	Canada
country	Schwarzenfels Castle (German: Burg Schwarzenfels) is a ruined castle in the village of Schwarzenfels in Hesse, Germany.	Schwarzenfels Castle	Germany
country	San Marco in Lamis is a town and comune in the province of Foggia in the Apulia region of southeast Italy.	San Marco in Lamis	Italy
country	Gorizia Castle is an Italian fortification, dating to the 11th century, built on the hill which dominates the city of Gorizia, Italy, from which it takes its name.	Gorizia Castle	Italy
country	Newdicks Beach is located on the southeastern side of Okurei Point (Town point) in the Bay of Plenty in the North Island of New Zealand.	Newdicks Beach	New Zealand
country	The Queensland Herbarium is situated at the Brisbane Botanic Gardens, Mount Coot-tha, in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Queensland Herbarium	Australia
country	The Trà Bồng River (Vietnamese: Sông Trà Bồng) is a river of Vietnam.	Trà Bồng River	Vietnam
country	Club Independiente Petrolero is a football club from Sucre, Bolivia that plays in the Chuquisaca Primera A, one of the third division regional leagues.	Club Independiente Petrolero	Bolivia
country	Dłutów (ˈdwutuf) is a village in Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Dłutów	Poland
country	Jedlnia-Kolonia (ˈjɛdlɲa kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jedlnia-Kolonia	Poland
country	Morghan (Persian: مرغان‎, also Romanized as Morghān; also known as Morghūn) is a village in Kaftarak Rural District, in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Morghan	Iran
country	The Hasbaya District is a district in the Nabatiyeh Governorate of Lebanon.	Hasbaya District	Lebanon
country	Trnovo ob Soči (pronounced (təɾˈnɔːʋɔ ɔp ˈsoːtʃi) or (təɾˈnoːʋɔ ɔp ˈsoːtʃi)) is a village on the right bank of the Soča River in the Municipality of Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Trnovo ob Soči	Slovenia
country	The Grose River, a perennial river that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment, is located in the Blue Mountains region of New South Wales, Australia.	Grose River	Australia
country	The Mangoro River is the largest river on the east coast of Madagascar by basin size and water volume, and is 300 km in length.	Mangoro River	Madagascar
country	Moreleta Park (Afrikaans: Moreletapark) is a suburb of Pretoria, South Africa, situated 12 kilometres (7 mi) southeast of the city centre.	Moreleta Park	South Africa
country	Wiri Railway Station is a defunct station on the Eastern and Southern Lines of the Auckland Railway Network in New Zealand.	Wiri Railway Station	New Zealand
country	First Narayever Congregation is a traditional-egalitarian synagogue located at 187 Brunswick Avenue, near The Annex neighbourhood of Toronto, Canada.	First Narayever Congregation	Canada
country	Savonlinna (Swedish: Nyslott) is a town and a municipality of 36,004 (30 November 2014) inhabitants in the southeast of Finland, in the heart of the Saimaa lake region.	Savonlinna	Finland
country	Dar-e Zarch (Persian: درزارچ‎, also Romanized as Dar-e Zārch) is a village in Ravar Rural District, in the Central District of Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dar-e Zarch	Iran
country	Baş Daşağıl (also, Bash-Dashagil'' and Bash-Dashagyl) is a village and municipality in the Oghuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Baş Daşağıl	Azerbaijan
country	Brackenfell is a northern suburb of Cape Town situated within the Western Cape province of South Africa at the gateway to the winelands.	Brackenfell	South Africa
country	Most Ljubavi, (English: Bridge of Love), is a pedestrian bridge in Vrnjačka Banja, Serbia.	Most Ljubavi	Serbia
country	Yokohama War Cemetery is a military cemetery in Hodogaya-ku, Yokohama, in Japan and located next to Yokohama Municipal Children's Botanical Garden.	Yokohama War Cemetery	Japan
country	Le Blanc-Mesnil (French pronunciation: ​(lə blɑ̃.me.nil)) is a commune in the northeastern suburbs of Paris, France.	Le Blanc-Mesnil	France
country	The Order of the White Double Cross (Slovak: Rád Bieleho dvojkríža) is the highest state decoration of the Republic of Slovakia.	Order of the White Double Cross	Slovakia
country	St. Joseph's Matriculation Higher Secondary School is an all-girls Catholic school for grades 1st through 12th standard in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India.	St. Joseph's Matriculation Higher Secondary School	India
country	Cape Palliser Lighthouse is a Lighthouse at Cape Palliser in the Wellington region of the North Island of New Zealand.	Cape Palliser Lighthouse	New Zealand
country	The Anevo Fortress (Bulgarian: Аневско кале, Anevsko kale) or Kopsis (Копсис) is a medieval castle in central Bulgaria, the ruins of which are located some 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) from the village of Anevo in Sopot Municipality, Plovdiv Province.	Anevo Fortress	Bulgaria
country	The other first-class standard ground in Tasmania is the now preferred Bellerive Oval in the City of Clarence which has since the late 1970s overtaken the TCA Ground as the home of the Tasmanian cricket team and the TCA, and the ground which hosts Australia's international matches when they play in Hobart.	TCA Ground	Australia
country	Pueblo of Guaynabo is one of the 10 neighborhoods of Guaynabo, Puerto Rico.	Pueblo of Guaynabo	Puerto Rico
country	Besease is a town in the Central Region of Ghana.	Besease	Ghana
country	Azcapotzalco (Classical Nahuatl: Āzcapōtzalco (aːskapoːˈt͡saɬko), Spanish pronunciation: (askapoˈtsalko), from āzcapōtzalli ``anthill'' + -co ``place''; literally, ``In the place of the anthills'') is one of the 16 municipalities (municipios) into which Mexico's Mexico City is divided.	Azcapotzalco	Mexico
country	Patriarch Evtimiy Boulevard (Bulgarian: Булевард Патриарх Евтимий) is a central boulevard in the capital of Bulgaria, Sofia.	Patriarch Evtimiy Boulevard	Bulgaria
country	The Ebensee concentration camp was established by the SS to build tunnels for armaments storage near the town of Ebensee, Austria in 1943.	Ebensee concentration camp	Austria
country	Borabanda is one of the upcoming residential suburbs in Hyderabad, Telangana, India.	Borabanda	India
country	Mildstedt (Danish: Mildsted) is a municipality in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Mildstedt	Germany
country	The Golfo degli Angeli (English: Gulf of the Angels), also known as Golfo di Cagliari (English: Gulf of Cagliari) is a large bay in southern Sardinia, Italy, facing the Tyrrhenian Sea.	Golfo degli Angeli	Italy
country	Vesijako (also Vesijakaa) is a lake in Finland.	Vesijako	Finland
country	Monistrol de Montserrat (Catalan pronunciation: (munisˈtɾɔɫ də munsəˈrat)) is a municipality in the comarca of the Bages in Catalonia, Spain.	Monistrol de Montserrat	Spain
country	Mowtowr-e Abdol (Persian: موتورعبدل‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e ʿAbdol) is a village in Nazil Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Abdol	Iran
country	Taleb Qeshlaqi (Persian: طالب قشلاقي‎, also Romanized as Ţāleb Qeshlāqī) is a village in Arshaq Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Taleb Qeshlaqi	Iran
country	Gråsten (German: Gravenstein), stress on last syllable) is a town with a population of 4,234 (1 January 2014) on the east coast of the Jutland peninsula in south Denmark by the Nybøl Nor at an inlet of the Flensburg Fjord.	Gråsten	Denmark
country	Love Commandos is a voluntary non-profit organization in India which helps and protects couples in love from harassment and honor killing.	Love Commandos	India
country	Nunajuak Island is one of the uninhabited Canadian arctic islands located in Hudson Strait, Nunavut, Canada.	Nunajuak Island	Canada
country	Hemda is a village in Karnal district, India.	Hemda	India
country	Buskerud Manor (Norwegian: Buskerud hovedgård or Buskerud gård på Modum) was a former estate and manor located on a large farm in Buskerud, Norway.	Buskerud Manor	Norway
country	Drégely Castle (Hungarian: Drégely vára) is a 13th-century hilltop castle in Nógrád County, Hungary.	Drégely Castle	Hungary
country	The Fulda Symphonic Orchestra (German: Fuldaer Symphonisches Orchester) is an amateur orchestra based in Fulda, Germany.	Fulda Symphonic Orchestra	Germany
country	The EMMS Nazareth Hospital, also known as Scottish Hospital and English Hospital, is the general hospital of the city of Nazareth, Israel.	EMMS Nazareth Hospital	Israel
country	Ruzhintsi Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Ружинци) is a municipality (obshtina) in Vidin Province, Northwestern Bulgaria, located in the Danubian Plain about 8 km south of Danube river.	Ruzhintsi Municipality	Bulgaria
country	Amowi, also known as Amoyu, is a village in Ghana of some 500 inhabitants.	Amowi	Ghana
country	Altantsy (Russian: Абага) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Altansky Rural Okrug in Amginsky District of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 120 kilometers (75 mi) from Amga, the administrative center of the district.	Altantsy	Russia
country	The Chequer Inn is a historic 15th Century coaching house (believed to date from around 1440) in the Conservation Area of the old market town of Steyning, in the Horsham District of West Sussex, United Kingdom.	Chequer Inn	United Kingdom
country	The 2009 LG Hockey Games was held in Stockholm, Sweden, from 5 to 8 February 2010.	2009 LG Hockey Games	Sweden
country	Mogilno County (Polish: powiat mogileński) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-central Poland.	Mogilno County	Poland
country	Nungalinya College, an Adult Education College, is a partnership of the Anglican, Roman Catholic and Uniting Church based in Nakara a suburb of Darwin in the Northern Territory of Australia.	Nungalinya College	Australia
country	The Alcázar of Segovia (literally, Segovia Castle) is a castle, located in the old city of Segovia, Spain.	Alcázar of Segovia	Spain
country	Pangrati or Pagrati (Greek: Παγκράτι) is a neighborhood in the Municipality of Athens, Greece.	Pangrati	Greece
country	Gdraymah (also as Gdrayma or Jidhreimah, Arabic: قضريمة‎) is a town in the sub-governorate of Bariq in the province of Asir, Saudi Arabia.	Gdraymah	Saudi Arabia
country	Sierra de las Minas is a mountain range in eastern Guatemala, extending 130 km west of the Lake Izabal.	Sierra de las Minas	Guatemala
country	Yatim Aghli (Persian: يتيم اغلي‎, also Romanized as Yatīm Āghlī and Yatīm Āgholī; also known as Atamkolī, Etmagli, Etmakli, and Yatīm Āqolī) is a village in Hajjilar-e Shomali Rural District, Hajjilar District, Chaypareh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Yatim Aghli	Iran
country	The Nardoo Hills Reserves (including the Judith Eardley Reserve) comprise two adjoining parcels of land, with a combined area of 5.9 km2, as a nature reserve in north-central Victoria, Australia.	Nardoo Hills Reserves	Australia
country	Bansa may refer to: a village in Nissing, Karnal district, Haryana, India Bansa is a village in the Ga East Municipal district, a district in the Greater Accra Region of Ghana.	Bansa	Ghana
country	South Para Reservoir is the second largest reservoir in South Australia, behind Mount Bold Reservoir, and the principal reservoir of the South Para River system.	South Para Reservoir	Australia
country	Hwa Chong Institution Boarding School is a boarding school in Singapore.	Hwa Chong Institution Boarding School	Singapore
country	World Joyland (Chinese: 环球动漫嬉戏谷) is a theme park located in Changzhou, in southern Jiangsu province of the People's Republic of China.	World Joyland	People's Republic of China
country	Kamalamai (former name: Sindhulimadi; Nepali: सिन्धुलीमाडी) is a municipality in Sindhuli District, in the Janakpur zone of central south Nepal.	Kamalamai	Nepal
country	R.A.E.C. Mons was a Belgian football club based in Mons, Belgium, The team was promoted to the Belgian Jupiler League at the conclusion of the 2010--11 season re-joining the Top Belgian League after two years in the Belgian 2nd Division (Exqi League).	R.A.E.C. Mons	Belgium
country	Ganj-e Besiar (Persian: گنج بسيار‎, also Romanized as Ganj-e Besīār) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Ganj-e Besiar	Iran
country	The RBC Convention Centre Winnipeg is a major meeting and convention facility located in downtown Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	RBC Convention Centre Winnipeg	Canada
country	Zdvinsk (Russian: Здвинск) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Zdvinsky District of Novosibirsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Kargat River.	Zdvinsk	Russia
country	Eysturtindur is the second highest point - 714 m - on the island of Vágoy, Faroe Islands.	Eysturtindur	Faroe Islands
country	Mowtowr-e Pey Khvasteh (Persian: موتور پي خواسته‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Pey Khvāsteh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Pey Khvasteh	Iran
country	The Grauspitz (Vorder Grauspitze or Vorder Grauspitz on some maps) is a mountain in the Rätikon range of the Alps, located on the border between Liechtenstein and Switzerland.	Grauspitz	Liechtenstein	Switzerland
country	The Moutohora Branch was a branch line railway that formed part of New Zealand's national rail network in Poverty Bay in the North island of New Zealand.	Moutohora Branch	New Zealand
country	Zazi Maidan (Pashto: ځاځي ميدان‎), also Jaji Maidan and Dzadzi Maidan, is a village and the center of Zazi Maidan District, Khost Province, Afghanistan.	Zazi Maidan	Afghanistan
country	Songkhla (Thai: สงขลา, pronounced (sǒŋ.kʰlǎː)), also known as Singgora or Singora (city on the mountain), is a city (thesaban nakhon) in Songkhla Province of southern Thailand, near the border with Malaysia.	Songkhla	Thailand
country	Očeslavci (pronounced (ɔˈtʃeːslau̯tsi)) is a settlement in the hills south of Gornja Radgona in northeastern Slovenia.	Očeslavci	Slovenia
country	De Horsey Island is an island at the mouth of the Skeena River in the North Coast region of British Columbia, Canada, located immediately south of the southern tip of the Tsimpsean Peninsula and immediately east of Smith Island.	De Horsey Island	Canada
country	Lebaan Bridge (Malay: Jambatan Lebaan) or Batang Lebaan Bridge is a new bridge connecting Sibu and Tanjung Manis in Sarawak, Malaysia.	Lebaan Bridge	Malaysia
country	Nový Ruskov (Hungarian: Újruszka) is a village and municipality in the Trebišov District in the Košice Region of south-eastern Slovakia.	Nový Ruskov	Slovakia
country	Hosszúhetény (Croatian: Hetinj, Etinj, Hetin, Jetin, German: Hetting, Heting, Langheting) is the most populous village in Baranya county, southwest Hungary, a significant centre of village tourism.	Hosszúhetény	Hungary
country	Atuc (also, Atuch) is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Atuc	Azerbaijan
country	Sonadia Island is a small island of about 9 km2 offshore of the Cox's Bazaar coast in Chittagong Division, Bangladesh.	Sonadia Island	Bangladesh
country	Long Laput (also known as Laput) is a settlement in the rural interior of the Marudi division of Sarawak, Malaysia.	Long Laput	Malaysia
country	Gorenji Vrh pri Dobrniču (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾeːnji ˈʋəɾx pɾi ˈdoːbəɾnitʃu)) is a small village in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Gorenji Vrh pri Dobrniču	Slovenia
country	Korthio (Greek: Κόρθιο) is a former municipality on the island of Andros, in the Cyclades, Greece.	Korthio	Greece
country	Skyvatn is a lake in the northern part of the municipality of Bykle in Aust-Agder county, Norway.	Skyvatn	Norway
country	The Adamawa Region (French: Région de l'Adamaoua) is a constituent region of the Republic of Cameroon.	Adamawa Region	Cameroon
country	Batavus Intercycle Corporation was the leading manufacturer of bicycles and mopeds in the Netherlands during the 1970s.	Batavus	Netherlands
country	The Baroque Mariatrost Basilica on top of the Purberg hill in Mariatrost, a district of Graz, is one of the most famous pilgrimage sites of Styria in Austria.	Mariatrost Basilica	Austria
country	Cayo Romano is an island on the northern coast of Cuba, in the province of Camagüey.	Cayo Romano	Cuba
country	The Millennium Line is the second rapid transit line built in the SkyTrain metro system in Metro Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Millennium Line	Canada
country	Campoformido (Friulian: Cjampfuarmit) is a town and comune in the province of Udine, in north-eastern Italy, notable for the Treaty of Campo Formio.	Campoformido	Italy
country	The 2008 El Calvario earthquake occurred in central Colombia on 24 May and measured 5.9 on the moment magnitude scale.	2008 El Calvario earthquake	Colombia
country	Château Rauzan-Ségla, or Château Rausan-Ségla, is a winery in the Margaux appellation of the Bordeaux region of France.	Château Rauzan-Ségla	France
country	The Big Bend Ranges are a subrange of the Selkirk Mountains of the Columbia Mountains in southeastern British Columbia, Canada, located in Big Bend of the Columbia River north of the Illecillewaet River.	Big Bend Ranges	Canada
country	Kebun Baru is a precinct located at Ang Mo Kio, Singapore.	Kebun Baru	Singapore
country	Haus im Ennstal is a village in central Austria, located in the Liezen district of Styria.	Haus im Ennstal	Austria
country	Osfok (Persian: اسفك‎; also known as Osbok, Osfūk, Owsbūk, Owsfūk, and Ūsfūk) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Osfok	Iran
country	Tankebyggarorden (Swedish: Order of the Thought Builders) was a literary fellowship active in Sweden between 1753 and 1763.	Tankebyggarorden	Sweden
country	Darjeeling Government College is a co-educational government-funded college established in 1948 in Darjeeling, West Bengal, India.	Darjeeling Government College	India
country	Kasem Bundit University Stadium (Thai: สนามมหาวิทยาลัยเกษมบัณฑิต) is a football stadium in Min Buri District Bangkok, Thailand.	Kasem Bundit University Stadium	Thailand
country	The Nile Delta (Arabic: دلتا النيل‎ Delta n-Nīl or simply الدلتا ed-Delta) is the delta formed in Northern Egypt (Lower Egypt) where the Nile River spreads out and drains into the Mediterranean Sea.	Nile Delta	Egypt
country	Baiyappanahalli metro station is the eastern terminal point on the east-west corridor of the Namma Metro in Bangalore, India.	Baiyappanahalli metro station	India
country	Gnojnik (ˈɡnɔi̯nik) is a village in southern Poland, the seat of the rural gmina (administrative district) of Gmina Gnojnik in Brzesko County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship.	Gnojnik	Poland
country	Mantigue is a small island located about 3.5 km (2.2 mi) off the coast of volcanic island province of Camiguin province in the Philippines.	Mantigue	Philippines
country	Kota Samarahan is the administrative seat of the Samarahan District (508.1 square kilometres) in Samarahan Division, Sarawak, east Malaysia.	Kota Samarahan	Malaysia
country	Obinitsa Community Centre is a building belonging under the SA Setu Kultuuri Fond (culture foundation) in Võru county, Meremäe rural municipality, in Obinitsa village in Estonia.	Obinitsa Community Centre	Estonia
country	Geita Region is one of Tanzania's 30 administrative regions.	Geita Region	Tanzania
country	Grundlsee is a municipality in the Liezen District of Styria, Austria, which counted 1,294 inhabitants during the 2001 census.	Grundlsee	Austria
country	Mowtowr-e Morad Abdollahi (Persian: موتور مراد عبدالهي‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Morād ʿAbdollahī) is a village in Dalgan Rural District, in the Central District of Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Morad Abdollahi	Iran
country	Zgornja Senica (pronounced (ˈzɡoːɾnja sɛˈniːtsa); in older sources also Gorenja Senica, German: Oberseniza) is a village north of Goričane in the Municipality of Medvode in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Zgornja Senica	Slovenia
country	Barrio Yungay is a neighborhood of Santiago, Chile, located to the west of the city center in the commune of Santiago and to the west of Barrio Brasil.	Barrio Yungay	Chile
country	Bạch Mã National Park (Vietnamese: Vườn quốc gia Bạch Mã) is a protected area in central Vietnam, near the city of Huế.	Bạch Mã National Park	Vietnam
country	Monaghan railway station was on the Ulster Railway designed by Sir John Macneil located in the Republic of Ireland.	Monaghan railway station	Ireland
country	Intan Jaya Regency is one of the regencies (kabupaten) in Papua Province of Indonesia; it was formed in 2008 from part of Paniai Regency.	Intan Jaya Regency	Indonesia
country	Al-Kafr (Arabic: الكفر‎, also spelled al-Kefr) is a village in as-Suwayda Governorate in southern Syria.	Al-Kafr	Syria
country	Akmerkez is a shopping mall located in the Etiler quarter of Beşiktaş district in Istanbul, Turkey.	Akmerkez	Turkey
country	Axum Airport (IATA: AXU, ICAO: HAAX), also known as Emperor Yohannes IV Airport, is an airport serving Axum, a city in the northern Tigray Region of Ethiopia.	Axum Airport	Ethiopia
country	Rumiani (Persian: رومياني‎‎, also Romanized as Rūmīānī and Rūmīyānī) is a village in Rumiani Rural District, Suri District, Rumeshkhan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Rumiani	Iran
country	Linou (Greek: Λινού) is a remote village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, located south of the Skouriotissa mines and 5 km north of Evrychou with a population of 207, 25% of them refugees.	Linou	Cyprus
country	Wołowo (vɔˈwɔvɔ) (German: Wohlau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelkowo, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Wołowo	Poland
country	Kanye Airport (ICAO: FBKY) is an airport serving the town of Kanye, Botswana.	Kanye Airport	Botswana
country	Direcção Nacional de Estatística (DNE) (National Statistics Directorate) is the national bureau for statistics of East Timor.	Direcção Nacional de Estatística	East Timor
country	Raotince (Macedonian: Раотинце) is a village located about 10 miles (14 km) northeast from the city of Tetovo in the Republic of Macedonia.	Raotince	Macedonia
country	Mohaka is a small settlement in the northern Hawke's Bay region of the eastern North Island of New Zealand.	Mohaka	New Zealand
country	The Estadio Ciudad de La Plata (City of La Plata Stadium) is a multi-purpose stadium located in the city of La Plata, Argentina.	Estadio Ciudad de La Plata	Argentina
country	Benamahoma (Arabic ``Sons of Muhammad''), one of the White Towns of Andalusia, is a town of some 400 inhabitants in Cádiz province, Spain.	Benamahoma	Spain
country	Parvarijabad (Persian: پروريج اباد‎, also Romanized as Parvarījābād; also known as Parvanābād) is a village in Tangeh Soleyman Rural District, Kolijan Rostaq District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Parvarijabad	Iran
country	Padules is a municipality of Almería province, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain.	Padules	Spain
country	104.1 Territory FM is a community radio station based in Darwin, Australia.	104.1 Territory FM	Australia
country	Lake Zway or Lake Ziway is one of the freshwater Rift Valley lakes of Ethiopia.	Lake Zway	Ethiopia
country	The Sheberghan Prison is a prison in northern Afghanistan.	Sheberghan Prison	Afghanistan
country	Porto-Vecchio (Corsican: Portivechju) is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica.	Porto-Vecchio	France
country	Bobara is a village in municipality of Tomislavgrad in Canton 10, the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bobara	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Narenjlu (Persian: نارنج لو‎, also Romanized as Nārenjlū) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Gharbi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Narenjlu	Iran
country	Kuhbanan (Persian: كوهبنان‎, also Romanized as Kūhbanān, Koobanan, Kūhbonān, and Kūh Banān; also known as Kūh Baneh) is a city in and the capital of Kuhbanan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kuhbanan	Iran
country	Piaski-Młynek (ˈpjaski ˈmwɨnɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lututów, within Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Piaski-Młynek	Poland
country	Komotini (Greek: Κομοτηνή; Turkish: Gümülcine) is a city in the region of East Macedonia and Thrace, northeastern Greece.	Komotini	Greece
country	Giles Land District is a land district (cadastral division) of Western Australia, located within the Eastern and Eucla land divisions on the Nullarbor Plain.	Giles Land District	Australia
country	Castle Réka (Hungarian: Rékavára or Réka vár); is a ruined castle in Baranya county, Hungary.	Castle Réka	Hungary
country	Vlakfontein is a small settlement in the Mpumalanga Province of South Africa.	Vlakfontein	South Africa
country	Velika Vas pri Krškem (pronounced (ˈʋeːlika ˈʋaːs pɾi ˈkəɾʃkɛm); Slovene: Velika vas pri Krškem, German: Großdorf) is a village southwest of Leskovec in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Velika Vas pri Krškem	Slovenia
country	Moussobadougou (also known as Ouassadougou) is a village in central Ivory Coast.	Moussobadougou	Ivory Coast
country	The Red Deer Royals are a Concert and Marching band based in the City of Red Deer, Alberta, Canada.	Red Deer Royals	Canada
country	The Graustock is a mountain of the Urner Alps, located south of Engelberg in Central Switzerland.	Graustock	Switzerland
country	The Gabriel Sundukyan State Academic Theatre (Armenian: Գաբրիել Սունդուկյանի անվան ազգային ակադեմիական թատրոն), founded in February 25, 1922 in Yerevan, is the oldest modern theatre in the Republic of Armenia.	Sundukyan State Academic Theatre	Armenia
country	Rabacino (rabaˈt͡ɕinɔ) (German: Gröbenzin Kashubian: Rabacëno) is a village in Gmina Studzienice, Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rabacino	Poland
country	Bečej (Serbian: Бечеј / Bečej, pronounced (bɛ̌tʃɛːj), Hungarian: Óbecse, pronounced (ˈoːbɛt͡ʃɛ)) is a town and municipality located in the South Bačka District in Vojvodina, Serbia.	Bečej	Serbia
country	Chichester Festival Theatre, is one of the United Kingdom's flagship producing and touring theatres, whose annual summer season attracts actors, writers and directors from the West End theatre and the USA.	Chichester	United Kingdom
country	Helsinki Roller Derby is a roller derby league based in Helsinki in Finland.	Helsinki Roller Derby	Finland
country	Stogi-Przeróbka (German: Heubude) is one of the quarters of Gdańsk, Poland.	Stogi-Przeróbka	Poland
country	Sarpang District (Dzongkha: གསར་སྤང་རྫོང་ཁག་; Wylie: Gsar-spang rdzong-khag; also known as ``Geylegphug'') is one of the 20 dzongkhags (districts) comprising Bhutan.	Sarpang District	Bhutan
country	Gorski Vrh (pronounced (ˈɡɔːɾski ˈʋəɾx), locally Vrh) is a small dispersed settlement in the hills north of the Idrijca River in the Municipality of Tolmin in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Gorski Vrh	Slovenia
country	Honeg-e Pain (Persian: هنگ پايين‎, also Romanized as Honeg-e Pā’īn; also known as Hanaka, Hanak-e Pā’īn, Henek Pā’īn, and Honek-e Pā’īn) is a village in Mahan Rural District, Mahan District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Honeg-e Pain	Iran
country	Stare Biernaty (ˈstarɛ bjɛrˈnatɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łosice, within Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stare Biernaty	Poland
country	The Valdai Hills (Russian: Валда́йская возвы́шенность or Валда́й, Latvian: Valdaja augstiene) are an upland region in the north-west of central Russia running north-south, about midway between Saint Petersburg and Moscow, spanning Leningrad, Novgorod, Tver, Pskov, and Smolensk Oblasts.	Valdai Hills	Russia
country	Gladzor (Armenian: Գլաձոր), formerly Ortakend, is a village in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia.	Gladzor	Armenia
country	The Ashley Gorge is a river gorge of the Ashley River in Canterbury, New Zealand.	Ashley Gorge	New Zealand
country	Elyankudi is a revenue village in the Thirunallar taluk of Karaikal District in India.	Elyankudi	India
country	Performers House is a folk high school in Silkeborg, Denmark, specialized in offering programs for young people with a special interest in music, dance and theatre.	Performers House	Denmark
country	Angaïs (Occitan: Angais, pronounced (aŋˈɡajs)) is a French commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of south-western France.	Angaïs	France
country	Brasschaat Airfield (Dutch: Vliegveld Brasschaat, ICAO: EBBT) is an airfield located 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Brasschaat, Antwerp, Belgium.	Brasschaat Airfield	Belgium
country	Ettal Abbey (German: Kloster Ettal) is a Benedictine monastery in the village of Ettal close to Oberammergau and Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Bavaria, Germany.	Ettal Abbey	Germany
country	Ziempniów (ˈʑempɲuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czermin, within Mielec County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Ziempniów	Poland
country	Ventongimps Moor is a moorland nature reserve and Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI), noted for its biological characteristics, in mid Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Ventongimps Moor	United Kingdom
country	Eyshgeh (Persian: ايشگه‎; also known as Eshgeh) is a village in Ajorluy-ye Gharbi Rural District, Baruq District, Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Eyshgeh	Iran
country	Grądzień (ˈɡrɔnd͡ʑeɲ) (Kashubian: Grądzéń) is a settlement in Gmina Miastko, Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Grądzień	Poland
country	Tîrnauca (Romanian; Ukrainian: Тернівка, Ternivka, Russian: Терновка, Ternovka) is a commune and village in the Slobozia sub-district of Transnistria, Moldova, situated on the east bank of the river Dniester, between Tighina and Tiraspol.	Tîrnauca	Moldova
country	Stensved is a town, with a population of 1,568 (1.January 2015), situated on the southern Zealand (Region Sjælland), in Denmark.	Stensved	Denmark
country	Pingbian Miao Autonomous County (simplified Chinese: 屏边苗族自治县; traditional Chinese: 屏邊苗族自治縣; pinyin: Píngbiān Miáozú Zìzhìxiàn) is a county in the southeast of Yunnan province, People's Republic of China.	Pingbian Miao Autonomous County	People's Republic of China
country	Szalenik (ʂaˈlɛnik) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lubycza Królewska, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Szalenik	Poland
country	The Canadian Aviation Corps (CAC) was an early attempt to create an air force for Canada at the beginning of the First World War.	Canadian Aviation Corps	Canada
country	Gopeng is a town located in Mukim Teja, District of Kampar, Perak, Malaysia.	Gopeng	Malaysia
country	Sandycove (Irish: Cuas an Ghainimh) is an area of Dublin, Ireland.	Sandycove	Ireland
country	Over the years, the Scotiabank Giller Prize has been awarded to emerging and established authors from both small independent and large publishing houses in Canada.	Scotiabank Giller Prize	Canada
country	Puchałowo (puxaˈwɔvɔ) (German: Puchallowen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowo, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Puchałowo	Poland
country	Myrtos Beach (Greek: Παραλία Μύρτου (Míːrtɒs)) is in the region of Pylaros, in the north-west of Kefalonia island, in the Ionian Sea of Greece.	Myrtos Beach	Greece
country	Demänovská Ice Cave or Demänovská ľadová jaskyňa (in Slovak) is an ice cave in the Demänovská Valley (Low Tatra) in Slovakia.	Demänovská Ice Cave	Slovakia
country	Meanja is situated in Moungo, Littoral, Cameroon.	Meanja	Cameroon
country	Andapa is a town and commune (Malagasy: firaisana) in northern Madagascar.	Andapa	Madagascar
country	Miraj ( pronunciation ; Marathi:मिरज) is a city in southern Maharashtra, India, that was founded in the early 10th century.	Miraj	India
country	Boryslav (Ukrainian: Борислав, Polish: Borysław) is a city located on the Tysmenytsia River (a tributary of the Dniester), in Lviv Oblast (region) of western Ukraine.	Boryslav	Ukraine
country	Hridaypur is a locality in the municipal area of Barasat in the state of West Bengal, India.	Hridaypur	India
country	The Archaeological Museum of Eretria is a museum in Eretria, in the Euboea regional unit of Central Greece.	Archaeological Museum of Eretria	Greece
country	Lake Cheybek-Kohl (Russian: Чейбек-Коль, Altay: Алтын Кӧл, literally: ``Long Lake'') (or Dead lake) is in Altai Mountains and the Altai Republic, Russia.	Lake Cheybek-Kohl	Russia
country	Vrhovlje pri Kojskem (pronounced (ʋəɾˈxoːu̯ljɛ pɾi ˈkoːi̯skɛm)) is a settlement north of Kojsko in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Vrhovlje pri Kojskem	Slovenia
country	Ouest Lausannois District is a district in the canton of Vaud, Switzerland.	Ouest Lausannois District	Switzerland
country	The Chawathil First Nation or Chawathil Indian Band is a band government of the Sto:lo people located in the Upper Fraser Valley region near Hope, British Columbia, Canada.	Chawathil First Nation	Canada
country	Staro Groblje (Serbian Cyrillic: Cтapo Гpoбљe) is a neighborhood of the city of Niš, Serbia.	Staro Groblje	Serbia
country	Bakhtiar Koti (Persian: بختياركتي‎, also Romanized as Bakhtīār Kotī) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bakhtiar Koti	Iran
country	Die Teufelsrutsch (``Devil's Slide'') is a densely wooded porphyry knoll in Rhenish Hesse, Germany.	Teufelsrutsch	Germany
country	Rogen Nature Reserve (Swedish: Rogens naturreservat) is a nature reserve in Jämtland County in Sweden.	Rogen Nature Reserve	Sweden
country	Blind Guardian is a German power metal band formed in the mid-1980s in Krefeld, West Germany.	Blind Guardian	Germany
country	Pichaqchi (Persian: پيچاقچي‎, also Romanized as Pīchāqchī) is a village in Hulasu Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Pichaqchi	Iran
country	Isztimér (German: Ißzimmer) is a village in Fejér county, Hungary.	Isztimér	Hungary
country	Średnica-Pawłowięta (ɕrɛdˈnit͡sa pavwɔˈvjɛnta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Średnica-Pawłowięta	Poland
country	Jüdischer Friedhof Köln-Mülheim is a Jewish cemetery in the former city of Mülheim am Rhein, which since 1914 has been incorporated into the district of Cologne, Germany.	Jüdischer Friedhof Köln-Mülheim	Germany
country	Kokerbin Rock, also known as Kokerbin Hill, is a granite rock formation located within the Kokerbin Nature Reserve in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia.	Kokerbin Rock	Australia
country	Grochotów (ɡrɔˈxɔtuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegom, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Grochotów	Poland
country	The Kungsholms Church (Swedish: Kungsholms kyrka) or the Ulrika Eleonora Church (Swedish: Ulrika Eleonora kyrka) is a church building at Bergsgatan on the island of Kungsholmen in Stockholm, Sweden.	Kungsholms Church	Sweden
country	Verrières, Orne is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.	Verrières, Orne	France
country	Yanıkhan is an archaeological site in Mersin Province, Turkey.	Yanıkhan	Turkey
country	Hastings Gardens is a public garden in Valletta, Malta.	Hastings Gardens	Malta
country	Meslila is a settlement in the commune of Ouled Khoudir, in Ouled Khoudir District, Béchar Province, Algeria.	Meslila	Algeria
country	Sodankylä (Inari Sami: Suáđigil, Northern Sami: Soađegilli, Skolt Sami: Suäʹđjel) is a municipality of Finland.	Sodankylä	Finland
country	The Capitoline Wolf has been housed since 1471 in the Palazzo dei Conservatori on the Campidoglio (the ancient Capitoline Hill), Rome, Italy.	Capitoline Wolf	Italy
country	Havana Harbor is the port of Havana, the capital of Cuba, and it is the main port in Cuba (not including Guantanamo Bay Naval Base, a territory on lease by the United States).	Havana Harbor	Cuba
country	Firck Palace (Latvian: Firksa muižas pils; German: Virckshof) is a palace in Talsi in the historical region of Courland, in western Latvia.	Firck Palace	Latvia
country	Dalipebinau (Yapese: Dalipeebinaew) is a village and municipality in the state of Yap, Federated States of Micronesia.	Dalipebinau	Federated States of Micronesia
country	The City of Marion is a local government area in the southern suburbs of Adelaide, South Australia.	City of Marion	Australia
country	Muyenga is a hill in Kampala, the capital of Uganda and the largest city in that country.	Muyenga	Uganda
country	Sabkyo or (Sapgyo) is a small city located within Yesan county in South Chungcheong Province, South Korea.	Sapgyo	South Korea
country	St. Francis Institution or Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan (SMK) St. Francis is a public secondary school in Malacca, Malaysia of the La Sallian tradition.	St. Francis Institution	Malaysia
country	Elisenheim is a future residential area north of Windhoek, the capital of Namibia.	Elisenheim	Namibia
country	The Seven Lakes of San Pablo (Filipino: Pitong Lawa ng San Pablo) are seven crater lakes scattered around the City of San Pablo, in the province of Laguna, Philippines.	Seven Lakes of San Pablo	Philippines
country	Konstantinato (Greek: Κωνσταντινάτο) is a small town of 400 inhabitants, part of the municipal unit of Serres, Serres, northern Greece.	Konstantinato	Greece
country	Ghanghu(Hindi: घांघू) is a village in Churu district in Rajasthan state of India.	Ghanghu	India
country	Plačkovica (Macedonian: Плачковица ) is a mountain located the eastern part of Republic of Macedonia, it extends between the cities of Radoviš, and Vinica.	Plačkovica	Macedonia
country	Cavenagh Bridge is the only suspension bridge and one of the oldest bridges in Singapore, spanning the lower reaches of the Singapore River in the Downtown Core.	Cavenagh Bridge	Singapore
country	Doloi (Greek: Δολοί) is a community of the municipality West Mani, in Messenia, southern Greece.	Doloi	Greece
country	Ueckermünde (German pronunciation: (ʏkɐˈmʏndə)) is a seaport town in northeast Germany, located in the district of Vorpommern-Greifswald, Western Pomerania, near Germany's border with Poland's Police County.	Ueckermünde	Germany
country	Tahtavil (Persian: تهتويل‎, also Romanized as Tahtavīl) is a village in Saroleh Rural District, Meydavud District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tahtavil	Iran
country	Manakkara is a small ward of Sasthamcotta village in the Kunnathoor Tehsil of Kollam district in the state of Kerala, India.	Manakkara	India
country	Gunsan Airport (Korean: 군산공항, Chinese: 群山空港) (IATA: KUV, ICAO: RKJK) is an airport serving Gunsan, a city in the North Jeolla Province in South Korea.	Gunsan Airport	South Korea
country	Amreya (Arabic: العامرية‎) is a neighborhood in Alexandria, Egypt.	Amreya	Egypt
country	Qazıdərə (also, Gazydere, Ghazidere, and Kazidara) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qazıdərə	Azerbaijan
country	Inthakhin (Thai: อินทขิล) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Mae Taeng District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Inthakhin	Thailand
country	Almaraz Nuclear Power Plant is a nuclear power station at Almaraz in Spain.	Almaraz Nuclear Power Plant	Spain
country	Sworoń (ˈsfɔrɔɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Sworoń	Poland
country	Syktyvkar Airport (IATA: SCW, ICAO: UUYY) is an airport in the Komi Republic, Russia located just within the city.	Syktyvkar Airport	Russia
country	Nowa Wieś Grodziska (ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ ɡrɔˈd͡ʑiska) (German: Neudorf am Gröditzberge) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pielgrzymka, within Złotoryja County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Nowa Wieś Grodziska	Poland
country	Ascea is a town and comune in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of southwestern Italy.	Ascea	Italy
country	Pullikada (Malayalam: പുള്ളിക്കട) Pullikkada is a neighbourhood of Kollam city in Kerala, India.	Pullikada	India
country	Trentham Military Camp is a New Zealand Defence Force facility located in Trentham, Upper Hutt, near Wellington.	Trentham Military Camp	New Zealand
country	Crawford Adventist Academy is a K-- grade 12 Adventist private day-school in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Crawford Adventist Academy	Canada
country	Nieuwmarkt (Dutch for ``New Market'' or ``Newmarket'') is a square in the centre of Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Nieuwmarkt	Netherlands
country	Roebuck Bay is a bay on the coast of the Kimberley region of Western Australia.	Roebuck Bay	Australia
country	Gotha (ˈɡoːtaː) is the fifth-largest city in Thuringia, Germany, located 20 kilometres (12 miles) west of Erfurt and 25 km (16 miles) east of Eisenach with a population of 44,000.	Gotha	Germany
country	Monte Bisbino can be reached with a paved road from Cernobbio (Italy).	Monte Bisbino	Italy
country	The Mampuri Wind Farms (also known as the Senok Wind Farms, after its developers) are a set of three wind farms located near the Lakvijaya Power Station, on the Kalpitiya peninsula, in Mampuri, Puttalam District, Sri Lanka.	Mampuri Wind Farms	Sri Lanka
country	St. Jean de Brebeuf Catholic High School, also known as SJB, is a Catholic high school located in Woodbridge, Ontario, Canada.	St. Jean de Brebeuf Catholic High School	Canada
country	Gandyab-e Bala (Persian: گندياب بالا‎, also Romanized as Gandyāb-e Bālā; also known as Gandyāb) is a village in Natel Kenar-e Olya Rural District, in the Central District of Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Gandyab-e Bala	Iran
country	Maputsoe is a town located in the northern district of Leribe in Lesotho; it shares a border-post with Ficksburg in the eastern Free State.	Maputsoe	Lesotho
country	Nikolaj Plads (lit. Licolas' Square) is a public square located at the foot of the former St Nicolas' Church (Danish Nikolaj Kirke) in the Old Town of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Nikolaj Plads	Denmark
country	Budy Radzymińskie (ˈbudɨ rad͡zɨˈmiɲskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Budy Radzymińskie	Poland
country	Mowtowr-e Amirabad (Persian: موتوراميراباد‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Amīrābād) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Amirabad	Iran
country	Riihimäki railway station (Finnish: Riihimäen rautatieasema, Swedish: Riihimäki järnvägsstation) is located in the town of Riihimäki, Finland.	Riihimäki railway station	Finland
country	Dasht-e Zahmatkeshan (Persian: دشت زحمتكشان‎, also Romanized as Dasht-e Zaḩmatkeshān) is a village in Kavirat Rural District, Chatrud District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dasht-e Zahmatkeshan	Iran
country	Nova Ponte is connected to one of the most important export corridors in Brazil by way of the Ferrovia Central Atlântica.	Nova Ponte	Brazil
country	Douce noir (also known as Bonarda, Corbeau and Charbono) is a red Italian wine grape variety that has been historically grown in the Savoie wine region of north-west of Italy but today is more widely planted in the South American country of Argentina.	Douce noir	Italy
country	Bünde (ˈbʏndə) (Low German Buine) is a town in the Herford district, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Bünde	Germany
country	Bajigur is a hot and sweet beverage native to the Sundanese people of West Java, Indonesia.	Bajigur	Indonesia
country	Lake Muskoka/Alport Bay Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CLM3), is located 4 nautical miles (7.4 km; 4.6 mi) southwest of Bracebridge, Ontario, Canada.	Lake Muskoka/Alport Bay Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	The Shire of Upper Yarra was a local government area centred on the upper reaches of the Yarra Valley, about 60 kilometres (37 mi) east of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia, extending eastwards into Victoria's interior.	Shire of Upper Yarra	Australia
country	Cerros de Incahuasi is a mountain with several summits located in the Antofagasta Region of Chile, near Sico Pass.	Cerros de Incahuasi	Chile
country	The Wadi Ghan Dam is a rock-fill embankment dam located on Wadi Al-Hira, 14 km (9 mi) northeast of Gharyan in the Jabal al Gharbi District of Libya.	Wadi Ghan Dam	Libya
country	Großrußbach is a town in the district of Korneuburg in Lower Austria in Austria	Großrußbach	Austria
country	Ahrem is a little village in Germany near Cologne.	Ahrem	Germany
country	The University of Novi Sad (Serbian: Универзитет у Новом Саду / Univerzitet u Novom Sadu) is a university located in Novi Sad, the capital of the Serbian province of Vojvodina and the second largest city in Serbia.	University of Novi Sad	Serbia
country	Qaimoh (also known as Quaimoh, Kaimoh and Kah moh) is a block, a town and a notified area committee in Kulgam District in the state of Jammu and Kashmir, India.	Qaimoh	India
country	Hotel de Inmigrantes (Immigrants'' Hotel) is a complex of buildings constructed between 1906 and 1911, in the port of Buenos Aires, Argentina, to receive and assist the many thousands of immigrants who were arriving in Argentina from many parts of the world.	Hotel de Inmigrantes	Argentina
country	Gulyantsi (Bulgarian: Гулянци, pronounced (ɡuˈlʲanci); also transliterated Guljanci, Gulyanci, Guliantzi, Gulyantzi, etc.) is a town in central northern Bulgaria, part of Pleven Province.	Gulyantsi	Bulgaria
country	Axos (Greek: Αξός) is a village in the municipal unit Kyrros, Pella regional unit, Central Macedonia, Greece, 4 km from the city of Giannitsa and 52 km from Thessaloniki.	Axos	Greece
country	Long Forties are located between the northeast coast of Scotland and the southwest coast of Norway, centred about 57°N 0°30′E; compare to the Broad Fourteens.	Long Forties	Norway
country	XEWW-AM is the call letters of a radio station operating on 690 AM and licensed to the Tijuana/Rosarito area of Baja California, Mexico, with additional studio facilities in Burbank, California, United States.	XEWW-AM	Mexico
country	AMET University, formerly the Academy of Maritime Education (AMET), is an educational institute in India dedicated for maritime education and training.	AMET University	India
country	Lago di Magazzolo, or Lago Castello, is a lake in the Province of Agrigento, Sicily, Italy.	Lago di Magazzolo	Italy
country	YTV Jr. had preschool programming from The Treehouse and from children's channels in Canada and other countries.	YTV Jr.	Canada
country	Kyrros (Greek: Κύρρος; in classical contexts also transliterated Cyrrhus) is a former municipality in the Pella regional unit, Greece.	Kyrros	Greece
country	Kåkern Bridge (Norwegian: Kåkern bru) is a cantilever road bridge that crosses the Kåkernsundet strait between the islands of Flakstadøya and Moskenesøya in the municipality of Flakstad in Nordland county, Norway.	Kåkern Bridge	Norway
country	Walloon Brabant (French: Brabant wallon, Dutch: Waals-Brabant , Walloon: Roman Payis) is a province of Wallonia in Belgium.	Walloon Brabant	Belgium
country	Bakkagerði is a coastal hamlet in eastern Iceland.	Bakkagerði	Iceland
country	Patuakhali Science and Technology University (Bengali: পটুয়াখালী বিজ্ঞান ও প্রযুক্তি বিশ্ববিদ্যালয়) is a government financed public university in Patuakhali, Bangladesh.	Patuakhali Science and Technology University	Bangladesh
country	Rabah Bitat Airport (IATA: AAE, ICAO: DABB), formerly known as Les Salines Airport, and popularly as El Mellah Airport is an international airport located 9 km south of Annaba, a city in Algeria.	Rabah Bitat Airport	Algeria
country	Kepayan is a sub-district, or a neighbourhood, within the city of Kota Kinabalu in Sabah, Malaysia.	Kepayan	Malaysia
country	Menaruyeh (Persian: منارويه‎, also Romanized as Menārūyeh) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Menaruyeh	Iran
country	Javarem (Persian: جوارم‎, also Romanized as Javārem; also known as Jowvārem) is a village in Sorkhkola Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Javarem	Iran
country	Platykampos (Greek: Πλατύκαμπος) is a village and a former municipality in the Larissa regional unit, Thessaly, Greece.	Platykampos	Greece
country	Sampurnanand Sanskrit University (Sanskrit: सम्पूर्णानन्द संस्कृत विश्वविद्यालय, वाराणसी; IAST: Sampūrānand Samskrit Vișvavidyālaya, Vāraṇāsī) is an Indian institution of higher learning located in Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh, India, specializing in the study of Sanskrit and related fields.	Sampurnanand Sanskrit University	India
country	Ticul Municipality is one of 106 municipalities in Yucatán State, Mexico.	Ticul Municipality	Mexico
country	Baribathan (Bengali: বাড়িবাথান) is a village in Paglakanai Union of Jhenaidah Sadar Upazila, Jhenaidah District of southwestern Bangladesh.	Baribathan	Bangladesh
country	Pachamba is a very ancient location, near Giridih town, Jharkhand state, India.	Pachamba	India
country	Museo de Arte Contemporáneo de Monterrey ((English): Museum of Contemporary Art, Monterrey), abbreviated as MARCO, is a major art museum, located in the city of Monterrey, in Nuevo León state of northeastern Mexico.	Museo de Arte Contemporáneo de Monterrey	Mexico
country	The Carrera Autopodistica is an annual human-powered land vehicle racing competition that takes place in September in Castel San Pietro Terme near Bologna, Italy.	Carrera Autopodistica	Italy
country	The Leán River is a river on the northern Caribbean coast of Honduras slightly to the east of Tela, bordering the Punta Izopo National Park, in Atlántida Department.	Leán River	Honduras
country	Vovkovatytsia (Ukrainian: Вовковатиця) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Vovkovatytsia	Ukraine
country	The focus of the Neustadt/Weinstrasse Railway Museum is vehicles of the former state railways in southern Germany.	Neustadt/Weinstrasse Railway Museum	Germany
country	Tohidabad, Zahedan (Persian: توحیدآباد‎) is a village in Ladiz Rural District, in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Tohidabad, Zahedan	Iran
country	Valek Airport (Russian: Аэропорт ``Валек'') (ICAO: UOOW) is a small airport in Krasnoyarsk krai, Russia located 9 km northeast of Norilsk.	Valek Airport	Russia
country	Suvisaaristo (Finnish) or Sommaröarna (Swedish) is a maritime district in Espoo, Finland, districts number 451 and 452, and an archipelago in the Gulf of Finland, directly in front of a peninsula in Soukka, in the southwestern corner of Espoo.	Suvisaaristo	Finland
country	The Woëvre is a natural region of Lorraine in northeastern France.	Woëvre	France
country	Strathmore School is Kenya's first multi-racial school established in 1961 in the Lavington area of Nairobi.	Strathmore School	Kenya
country	in 2011, Guiyang Longdongbao International Airport was the 25th busiest airport in the People's Republic of China with 7,339,229 passengers.	Guiyang Longdongbao International Airport	People's Republic of China
country	Shamlaji, also spelled Shamalaji, (Gujarati: શામળાજી and Hindi: शामलाजी) is a major Hindu pilgrimage centre in Aravalli district of Gujarat state of India.	Shamlaji	India
country	Bužim is a municipality situated in the most northwestern Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bužim	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Kuppusamy Naidu Memorial Tournament started in Pandavermangalam at 1945 was conducted every year and it was the second oldest hockey tournament in India.	Pandavermangalam	India
country	Deutscher Fernsehfunk (DFF), known from 1972 to 1990 as Fernsehen der DDR (DDR-FS), was the state television broadcaster in East Germany.	Deutscher Fernsehfunk	East Germany
country	Marienlyst halt is a railway halt serving the district Marienlyst in the northern outskirts of the city of Helsingør, Denmark, near Marienlyst Castle and Hotel Marienlyst.	Marienlyst halt	Denmark
country	Waiuta is the location of a historic mining town on the West Coast of the South Island of New Zealand.	Waiuta	New Zealand
country	Komjatice (Hungarian: Komját) is a municipality and village in the Nové Zámky District of the south-west of Slovakia, in the Nitra Region.	Komjatice	Slovakia
country	Hatzav (Hebrew: חָצָב, lit. Squill) is a moshav in central Israel.	Hatzav	Israel
country	The Kerikeri River rises in the Puketi Forest inland from Kerikeri and flows into the western extremity of the Bay of Islands in northern New Zealand.	Kerikeri River	New Zealand
country	Dalno (ˈdalnɔ) (German: Lindenfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobez, within Łobez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Dalno	Poland
country	Maintenon is a commune in the metropolitan area of Paris, France.	Maintenon	France
country	The Shire of Cooloola was a local government area located about 170 kilometres (106 mi) north of Brisbane -- the state capital of Queensland, Australia.	Shire of Cooloola	Australia
country	Kodari is a border crossing from Nepal into the Tibet Autonomous Region.	Kodari	Nepal
country	La Hondonada is a sector in the city of Santo Domingo of the Distrito Nacional in the Dominican Republic.	La Hondonada	Dominican Republic
country	Villadossola (Piedmontese Vila d'Òssola) is a town and comune of the Val d’Ossola in Piedmont, northern Italy, some 120 kilometres (75 mi) northeast of Turin.	Villadossola	Italy
country	Zharkain District (Kazakh: Жарқайың ауданы) is a district of Akmola Region in northern Kazakhstan.	Zharkain District	Kazakhstan
country	Lwów Voivodeship (Polish: Województwo lwowskie) was an administrative unit of interwar Poland (1918--1939).	Lwów Voivodeship	Poland
country	The Abbey of St. Victor, Paris, also known as Royal Abbey and School of St. Victor, was an abbey near Paris, France.	Abbey of St. Victor, Paris	France
country	Mazraeh-ye Khalifabad (Persian: مزرعه خليف اباد‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Khalīfābād) is a village in Beyza Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Khalifabad	Iran
country	Helsingborg City Theatre (in Swedish: Helsingborgs stadsteater) is the city theatre of Helsingborg in south of Sweden.	Helsingborg City Theatre	Sweden
country	The Mariscal Luzuriaga Province (Spanish mariscal marshal) is one of 20 provinces of the Ancash Region in Peru.	Mariscal Luzuriaga Province	Peru
country	Gërdec is a village in Albania, 11 kilometers north-west of the capital Tirana.	Gërdec	Albania
country	Nierodzim is a district (osiedle) of Ustroń, Silesian Voivodeship, Poland.	Nierodzim	Poland
country	Boneh-ye Kalu (Persian: بنه كلو‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye Kalū) is a village in Saroleh Rural District, Meydavud District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Boneh-ye Kalu	Iran
country	Pandaha is a village in Rani Ki Sarai town of Azamgarh district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Pandaha	India
country	Sturgeon Lake Caldera is a large extinct caldera complex in Kenora District of Northwestern Ontario, Canada.	Sturgeon Lake Caldera	Canada
country	The 1892 Recreo earthquake took place in the Catamarca Province of Argentina on 21 March 1892, at about 01:45 AM, with magnitude 6.0 in the Richter scale.	1892 Recreo earthquake	Argentina
country	Alberta Fashion Week is a fashion event in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Alberta Fashion Week	Canada
country	Birubari is a locality of Guwahati, Assam, India.	Birubari	India
country	Det Harboeske Enkefruekloster (English: Harboe's Refuge for Widowed Ladies) is a Late Baroque building on Stormgade in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Det Harboeske Enkefruekloster	Denmark
country	Communist Renewal (Greek Κομμουνιστική Ανανέωση/Kommounistiki Ananeosi (KA)) is a communist organization in Greece.	Communist Renewal	Greece
country	Trelleborg Old Water Tower is a now defunct water tower in Stadsparken, Trelleborg in southern Sweden.	Trelleborg Old Water Tower	Sweden
country	Qezeljeh Kand (Persian: قزلجه كند‎, also Romanized as Qezeljah Kand; also known as Qizil Jakhand) is a village in Delbaran Rural District, in the Central District of Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Qezeljeh Kand	Iran
country	Dolenji Novaki (pronounced (dɔˈleːnji nɔˈʋaːki)) is a village in the Municipality of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.	Dolenji Novaki	Slovenia
country	Greta Valley is a small town 83 km north of Christchurch, New Zealand.	Greta Valley	New Zealand
country	La Bazeuge (Occitan: La Baseuge) is a commune in the Haute-Vienne département in the Limousin region in western France.	La Bazeuge	France
country	The Greenbury Report released in 1995 was the product of a committee established by the United Kingdom Confederation of Business and Industry on corporate governance.	Greenbury Report	United Kingdom
country	Rudbar Lorestan Dam is a hydroelectric dam currently under construction on the Rudbar River, a tributary of the Dez River, in Iran's Lorestan Province with an installed electricity generating capability of 450 MW.	Rudbar Lorestan Dam	Iran
country	Tičići (Cyrillic: Тичићи) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Tičići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Arklow (from Old Norse Arnkell-lág, meaning ``meadow of Arnkell'', Irish: An tInbhear Mór, meaning ``the great estuary'') is a town in County Wicklow on the east coast of Ireland.	Arklow	Ireland
country	Caffè San Marco is a historic café in Trieste, Italy.	Caffè San Marco	Italy
country	SD Croatia Berlin became the first Croatian club in Germany to reach third tier competition when promoted to the Regionalliga Nordost after their 1998 Oberliga Nordost, Staffel Nord (IV) championship.	SD Croatia Berlin	Germany
country	Taste of Asia is a non-profit, annual street festival organized by the Federation of Chinese Canadians in Markham (FCCM) and is located in Markham, Ontario, Canada.	Taste of Asia	Canada
country	Zimrat (Hebrew: זִמְרָת, lit. Song) is a religious moshav in southern Israel.	Zimrat	Israel
country	Movri (Greek: Μόβρη) is a forested mountain range in western Achaea, Greece.	Movri	Greece
country	Bugarach (French pronunciation: ​(byɡaʁaʃ); Burgarag in Occitan) is a commune in the Aude department in southern France, around 35 km south of Carcassonne.	Bugarach	France
country	The Gallipoli peninsula (/ɡəˈlɪpəli, ɡæ-/; Turkish: Gelibolu Yarımadası; Greek: Καλλίπολη) is located in Turkish Thrace (or East Thrace), the European part of Turkey, with the Aegean Sea to the west and the Dardanelles strait to the east.	Gallipoli	Turkey
country	Sheykh Rahman (Persian: شيخ رحمان‎, also Romanized as Sheykh Raḩmān; also known as Sheykh Raḩmānī) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, Shadravan District, Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sheykh Rahman	Iran
country	Kfar Aza (Hebrew: כְּפַר עַזַּה, lit. Gaza Village) is a kibbutz in southern Israel.	Kfar Aza	Israel
country	Al-Mukharram District (Arabic: منطقة المخرم, translit.: manṭiqat al-Mukharram) is a district of the Homs Governorate in central Syria.	Al-Mukharram District	Syria
country	Korenitka (pronounced (kɔɾɛˈniːtka)) is a small village in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Korenitka	Slovenia
country	Salwah (Arabic: صلوة‎) is a village in Syria, administratively part of Idlib Governorate.	Salwah	Syria
country	General Tiburcio de Leon National High School, also known as Gen. T. de Leon National High School or GTDNHS is a public national high school in Valenzuela, Philippines.	Gen. T. de Leon National High School	Philippines
country	The Speaker's State Coach is the oldest of the three great State Coaches of the United Kingdom.	Speaker's State Coach	United Kingdom
country	Aliah University (Bengali: আলিয়া বিশ্ববিদ্যালয়, informally known as AU), is a state government controlled minority autonomous university in New Town, West Bengal, India.	Aliah University	India
country	Anghiari is a town and comune in the Province of Arezzo (Tuscany, Italy).	Anghiari	Italy
country	Invermay Agricultural Centre is located close to Mosgiel, on the Taieri Plains in Otago, New Zealand.	Invermay Agricultural Centre	New Zealand
country	Gallaratese is a district (``quartiere'') of Milan, Italy, part of the Zone 8 administrative division of the city.	Gallaratese	Italy
country	Rozdrażew (rɔzˈdraʐɛf) is a village in Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Rozdrażew	Poland
country	Łebieniec (wɛˈbjɛɲɛt͡s) (Kashubian: Łebiéńc, German Labenz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wicko, within Lębork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Łebieniec	Poland
country	Ilen Church (Norwegian: Ilen kirke, also called Ila Church) is a parish church in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Ilen Church	Norway
country	Puttenahalli is a suburban area in Bangalore, Karnataka State in India.	Puttenahalli	India
country	In 1933, when the NSDAP took power and established the state of Nazi Germany, Gauleiter became the second-highest Nazi paramilitary rank, just below the new rank of Reichsleiter (National Leader).	Gauleiter	Nazi Germany
country	Forus is an industrial district in the borough Hinna in Stavanger, Norway.	Forus	Norway
country	Örücüler, Borçka is a village in the District of Borçka, Artvin Province, Turkey.	Örücüler, Borçka	Turkey
country	Tsogo High School (Tsogo Secondary School) is a public Roman Catholic, English medium, High School located in Mmakau north west of the city of Tshwane, in the North West Province of South Africa.	Tsogo High School	South Africa
country	Batujaya is an archeological site located in the village of Batujaya, Karawang in West Java, Indonesia.	Batujaya	Indonesia
country	There is a large Jewish community in Prestwich and Whitefield, neighbouring Broughton Park in Salford and sections of Cheetham Hill and Crumpsall, parts of the City of Manchester, which forms the second-largest Jewish community in the United Kingdom.	Prestwich	United Kingdom
country	Skodsborg is a small town/suburb approx. 20 km. north of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Skodsborg	Denmark
country	The Satu Mare Synagogue or Decebal Street Synagogue located in Satu Mare, Romania, was built in Moorish style at the end of the 19th century.	Satu Mare Synagogue	Romania
country	Podtrzcianka (pɔttʂˈt͡ɕaŋka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Janów, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Podtrzcianka	Poland
country	Taczów (ˈtat͡ʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Taczów	Poland
country	West Tulang Bawang Regency (Tulungbawang Barat) is a regency of Lampung, Indonesia.	West Tulang Bawang Regency	Indonesia
country	The Devonshire Street Cemetery (also known incorrectly as the Brickfield Cemetery or Sandhills Cemetery) was located between Eddy Avenue and Elizabeth Street, and between Chalmers and Devonshire Streets, at Brickfield Hill, in Sydney, Australia.	Devonshire Street Cemetery	Australia
country	Basilian monastery, Buchach (Ukrainian: Бучацький монастир оо. Василіян) is a monastery in Buchach, Ternopil Oblast, Ukraine.	Basilian monastery, Buchach	Ukraine
country	Uusikaupunki (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈuːsiˌkɑupuŋki), Swedish: Nystad), is a town and municipality of Finland.	Uusikaupunki	Finland
country	Muzeul Memoriei Neamului (Romanian; Museum of National Memory) is a museum in Chişinău, Moldova, dedicated to the victims of the Soviet occupation of Bessarabia and Northern Bukovina, and to commemorating anti-communist resistance in the region.	Muzeul Memoriei Neamului	Moldova
country	Elmalı is a town and district in Antalya Province, the Mediterranean region of Turkey.	Elmalı	Turkey
country	There are three huts which provide accommodation to mountaineers on the Wapta Icefield that are operated by the Alpine Club of Canada.	Wapta Icefield	Canada
country	Khudat (also, Xudat and Khudaf) is a town in the Caspian lowlands located in the northern section of Azerbaijan.	Khudat	Azerbaijan
country	Kobylasz (kɔˈbɨlaʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Linia, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kobylasz	Poland
country	Kashiwa-Tanaka Station (柏たなか駅, Kashiwa-Tanaka-eki) is a train station in Kashiwa, Chiba Prefecture, Japan.	Kashiwa-Tanaka Station	Japan
country	The Thác Bà Lake (Hồ Thác Bà) is a manmade lake in Vietnam created by construction of the Thác Bà hydroelectric plant in the 1960s.	Thác Bà Lake	Vietnam
country	The Buduroi River is a tributary of the Valea Viei River, located in Romania.	Buduroi River	Romania
country	The Vaksala Runestone, designated as U 961 under the Rundata catalog, is a Viking Age memorial runestone that is located close to Vaksala Church, near Uppsala, Sweden.	Vaksala Runestone	Sweden
country	The Capitán FAP Renán Elías Olivera Airport (IATA: PIO, ICAO: SPSO) is an airport near Pisco in Peru.	Capitán FAP Renán Elías Olivera Airport	Peru
country	Jerneja Vas (pronounced (jɛɾˈnɛːja ˈʋaːs) or (jɛɾˈneːja ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Jerneja vas, German: Jerneisdorf) is a small settlement southwest of the town of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Jerneja Vas	Slovenia
country	Later, in 1950--51, it grew to add Jangpura Extension to accommodate many of the refugees who arrived in Delhi at the time of Partition of India.	Jangpura	India
country	Pekatahi is a small locality south of Whakatane in the Bay of Plenty region of New Zealand's North Island.	Pekatahi	New Zealand
country	Lake Chagan (or Lake Balapan), Kazakhstan, is a lake created by the Chagan nuclear test fired on January 15, 1965, part of the Nuclear Explosions for the National Economy.	Lake Chagan	Kazakhstan
country	Blučići (Cyrillic: Блучићи) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Blučići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Great Darling Anabranch, commonly called the Darling Anabranch, is an anabranch and ancestral path of the Darling River in the lower Murray-Darling Basin in Australia.	Great Darling Anabranch	Australia
country	Auckland Art Gallery Toi o Tāmaki is the principal public gallery in Auckland, New Zealand, and has the most extensive collection of national and international art in New Zealand.	Auckland Art Gallery	New Zealand
country	Ogrodno (ɔˈɡrɔdnɔ) (German: Kavelsberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Ogrodno	Poland
country	Santo Crucifixo is a freguesia (civil parish) of Cape Verde.	Santo Crucifixo	Cape Verde
country	The Molodohvardiiska coal mine (Ukrainian: Шахта ``Молодогвардійська'') is a large coal mine located in the southeast of Ukraine in Luhansk Oblast.	Molodohvardiiska coal mine	Ukraine
country	Recalada a Bahía Blanca Light, also known as Monte Hermoso Light or simply Recalada Light (lit. landfall), is an active lighthouse in Monte Hermoso, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina, marking the entrance to the Bahía Blanca.	Recalada a Bahía Blanca Light	Argentina
country	Tuse Church is located near Holbæk in northwestern Sealand, Denmark.	Tuse Church	Denmark
country	Obrzycko (ɔˈbʐɨt͡skɔ) (German: Obersitzko) is a town in Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, Poland, with 2,172 inhabitants (2004).	Obrzycko	Poland
country	Jūrkalne parish (Latvian: Jūrkalnes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Ventspils Municipality, Latvia.	Jūrkalne parish	Latvia
country	Warrnambool Airport (IATA: WMB, ICAO: YWBL) is located 6 nautical miles (11 km; 6.9 mi) northwest of Warrnambool, Victoria in Australia.	Warrnambool Airport	Australia
country	Altena ( pronunciation ) is a town in the district of Märkischer Kreis, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Altena	Germany
country	Cardinham (Cornish: Kardhinan) (the spelling 'Cardynham' is almost obsolete) is a civil parish and a village in mid Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Cardinham	United Kingdom
country	Sorokdo (Sorok island) is an island in Goheung, Jeolla, South Korea.	Sorokdo	South Korea
country	The Yberg is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Yberg	Germany
country	The Paris Port Dover Pipe Band is a community and competitive pipe band representing Brant and Norfolk counties in southern Ontario, Canada.	Paris Port Dover Pipe Band	Canada
country	The Port of Istanbul is a passenger terminal for cruise liners, which is situated at Karaköy neighborhood of Beyoğlu district in Istanbul, Turkey.	Port of Istanbul	Turkey
country	Kandilli Anatolian High School for Girls (Turkish: Kandilli Kız Anadolu Lisesi) is a secondary educational institution located in the Kandilli neighborhood of Üsküdar district in Istanbul, Turkey.	Kandilli Anatolian High School for Girls	Turkey
country	Stockholmsgade (literally ``Stockholm Street'') is a mainly residential street in central Copenhagen, Denmark.	Stockholmsgade	Denmark
country	Zin Kesh (Persian: زينكش‎, also Romanized as Zīn Kesh) is a village in Qurigol Rural District, in the Central District of Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zin Kesh	Iran
country	Cremorne Point is a harbourside suburb on the lower North Shore of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Cremorne Point	Australia
country	The city is famous for the location of the Granja Comary Football Complex which headquarters the Brazil national football team and the Brazilian Football Confederation.	Granja Comary	Brazil
country	Šiauliai Arena is the largest arena in Šiauliai, Lithuania.	Šiauliai Arena	Lithuania
country	Filipinki were the first Polish all-girl vocal group and also Poland's leading female band of the 1960s.	Filipinki	Poland
country	Thatcher Peninsula was named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1991, at the suggestion of members of the Royal Geographical Society, after Margaret Thatcher, British Prime Minister, 1979-1990.	Thatcher Peninsula	United Kingdom
country	Bagh-e Yasam (Persian: باغ ياسم‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Yāsam) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Yasam	Iran
country	Bow Island Airport, (TC LID: CEF3), is located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) northeast of Bow Island, Alberta, Canada.	Bow Island Airport	Canada
country	Xilitla is a municipality (Spanish: municipio) and town in the state of San Luis Potosí, in the Huasteca region of Mexico.	Xilitla	Mexico
country	Qezel Qabr (Persian: قزل قبر‎) is a village in Hulasu Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qezel Qabr	Iran
country	Selvazzano Dentro is a comune (municipality) in the province of Padua, Veneto, northeast Italy, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) west of Venice and about 8 kilometres (5 mi) southwest of Padua.	Selvazzano Dentro	Italy
country	Baghopara is a village and it is located at the Gokul union of Bogra, Bangladesh.	Baghopara	Bangladesh
country	Bandar Pirshahi (Persian: بندرپيرشاهي‎, also Romanized as Bandar Pīrshāhī) is a village in Rezvan Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bandar Pirshahi	Iran
country	Central Jail Sahiwal is an ancient Jail situated in Sahiwal, Pakistan.	Central Jail Sahiwal	Pakistan
country	Bilisht (Albanian: Bilisht; Macedonian: Билишта, Bilišta) is a town and a former municipality in Korçë County, south-eastern Albania.	Bilisht	Albania
country	Justiniškės, located in western edge of Vilnius, is one of the newest districts in the capital of Lithuania.	Justiniškės	Lithuania
country	Clear Island or Cape Clear Island (officially known by its Irish name: Cléire, and sometimes also called Oileán Chléire) lies south west of County Cork in Ireland.	Cape Clear Island	Ireland
country	Habala (Arabic:حبلة) is a small mountain village in 'Asir Region of Saudi Arabia.	Habala	Saudi Arabia
country	Urkovići (Cyrillic: Урковићи) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Urkovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Lake Tourouvre has been artificially formed in 1950 by damming the Saint-Maurice River with the La Trenche Generating Station built at southeast of the lake, north of La Tuque, in the administrative region of Mauricie, in Quebec, in Canada.	Lake Tourouvre	Canada
country	Kalateh-ye Hamid (Persian: كلاته حميد‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Ḩamīd; also known as Kalāteh-ye Khān (Persian: كلاته خان) and Kalāteh Khān) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Hamid	Iran
country	Pulkkila is a former municipality and a village located in Northern Finland.	Pulkkila	Finland
country	Beit Ha'Chidush (meaning House of Renewal in Hebrew) (BHC) is a Jewish congregation founded in 1995 in Amsterdam, Netherlands, by Jews who at that time didn't feel at home anymore in the existing Jewish congregations.	Beit Ha'Chidush	Netherlands
country	The KNTV Show is an educational television programme that was broadcast on Channel 4 in the United Kingdom beginning in 2006, which taught about science, and philosophy (on its sister show KNTV - Philosophy).	The KNTV Show	United Kingdom
country	Shepley is the home to one of the United Kingdom's largest bottled water companies, aptly named 'Shepley Spring'.	Shepley	United Kingdom
country	Skärva House (Swedish: Skärva herrgård) is a manor house in Blekinge, Sweden.	Skärva House	Sweden
country	Mariana Grajales Airport (IATA: GAO, ICAO: MUGT) is an airport serving Guantánamo, a city in Cuba.	Mariana Grajales Airport	Cuba
country	The Anston/Dinnington Area, in South Yorkshire, England, is an area included in the United Kingdom Census 2001.	Anston/Dinnington	United Kingdom
country	Laheys Tramway was a private timber railway in South East Queensland, Australia.	Laheys Tramway	Australia
country	Jamaica Inn is a traditional inn on Bodmin Moor in Cornwall, United Kingdom.	Jamaica Inn	United Kingdom
country	Padarvand-e Sofla (Persian: پادروندسفلي‎‎, also Romanized as Pādarvand-e Soflá; also known as Bādervand-e Soflá and Pā Darband) is a village in Rumiani Rural District, Suri District, Rumeshkhan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Padarvand-e Sofla	Iran
country	The Tunnel of Eupalinos or Eupalinian aqueduct (Modern Greek: Efpalinio orygma, Ευπαλίνειο όρυγμα) is a tunnel of 1,036 m (3,399 ft) length in Samos, Greece, built in the 6th century BC to serve as an aqueduct.	Tunnel of Eupalinos	Greece
country	Trzeszczyn (ˈtʂɛʂt͡ʂɨn) (formerly German Trestin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Police, within Police County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Trzeszczyn	Poland
country	Tomašnica is a small village in the Republic of Croatia, in Karlovac County.	Tomašnica	Croatia
country	Kfarshakhna, Kfrchakhna, or Kafarchakhna (Arabic: كفرشخنا‎) is a small village in the region of North Lebanon, with an estimated population of not more than 100 people.	Kfarshakhna	Lebanon
country	Lukavets (Ukrainian: Лукавець) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Lukavets	Ukraine
country	Lake Manantali is a large artificial lake, formed by the 1989 construction of the Manantali Dam, on the Bafing River in Mali.	Lake Manantali	Mali
country	Ludźmierz (ˈlud͡ʑmjɛʂ) is a village in Poland in the Lesser Poland voivodeship, in the county of Nowy Targ.	Ludźmierz	Poland
country	Assa-Gueyla Airport (ICAO: HDAG) is an airstrip serving the village of `Assa Gaila in the Tadjourah Region of Djibouti.	Assa-Gueyla Airport	Djibouti
country	Namcha Barwa Himal, also known as Namjagbarwa syntaxis or Namjagbarwa Group Complex, is the easternmost section of the Himalaya in southeastern Tibet and northeastern India.	Namcha Barwa Himal	India
country	Nirmala Convent Higher Secondary School is a Catholic school located in Sironj, Madhya Pradesh, India.	Nirmala Convent Higher Secondary School	India
country	Wajsnory (vai̯sˈnɔrɨ) (German: Weischnuren) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Wajsnory	Poland
country	Pyongyang Station (Korean: 평양역) is the central railway station of Pyongyang, North Korea.	Pyongyang Station	North Korea
country	Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) is a semi-autonomous administrative body for the Darjeeling hills in West Bengal, India.	Gorkhaland Territorial Administration	India
country	Otukpo is a town in Benue State, Nigeria located in the Middle Belt Region of Nigeria.	Otukpo	Nigeria
country	Rõuge Valgjärv is a lake in Estonia's southeastern county of Voru, close to the border with Latvia.	Rõuge Valgjärv	Estonia
country	Jebel Sherif (Arabic: جبل شريف‎, Jabal ash Sherif) is a mountain in southeastern Libya, about 130 km southwest of Kufra.	Jebel Sherif	Libya
country	Bronczany (brɔnˈt͡ʂanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Bronczany	Poland
country	Neuhausen am Rheinfall (which was officially called Neuhausen until 1938) is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland.	Neuhausen am Rheinfall	Switzerland
country	Abu Rudeis Airport (IATA: AUE) is an airport serving Abu Rudeis, Egypt, a city in the Sinai Peninsula on the Gulf of Suez.	Abu Rudeis Airport	Egypt
country	Klewków (ˈklɛfkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Klewków	Poland
country	Preska nad Kostrevnico (pronounced (ˈpɾeːska nat kɔˈstɾeːu̯nitsɔ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia.	Preska nad Kostrevnico	Slovenia
country	Penguily (Breton: Pengilli, Gallo: Pengili) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Penguily	France
country	Khachindorbatly (Azerbaijani: Xaçındərbətli, Armenian: Արմենակավան / Armenakavan) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Khachindorbatly	Azerbaijan
country	Neuroofen is a small hamlet of around 25 people in the Stechlin district of Germany.	Neuroofen	Germany
country	Studio Disney (originally Studio D) was a show that aired on Disney Channel Asia, Disney Channel Australia, and Disney Channel (India).	Studio Disney	Australia
country	The IAE Nice (Institut d'Administration des Entreprises de Nice) is a business school in the South of France, part of Nice University.	IAE Nice	France
country	Nanhua Dam (Chinese: 南化水庫; pinyin: Nánhuà Shuǐkù), originally named Houjie Dam, is a dam across the Houku River, a tributary of the Tsengwen River in southern Taiwan.	Nanhua Dam	Taiwan
country	Budalin is a town in Budalin Township, Monywa District, Sagaing Division in Burma (Myanmar).	Budalin	Myanmar
country	Hesar Darreh (Persian: حصاردره‎, also Romanized as Ḩeşār Darreh; also known as Hasan Darreh and Ḩeşār Deh) is a village in Zalian Rural District, Zalian District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Hesar Darreh	Iran
country	Mustikuntla is the largest village in Bonakal (Mandal) in Khammam district, in Andhra Pradesh, India.	Mustikuntla	India
country	Foza (Cimbrian: Vüsche) is a town in the province of Vicenza, Veneto, Italy.	Foza	Italy
country	Tuzovsky (Russian: Тузовский) is a shield volcano located in the northern part of Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia.	Tuzovsky	Russia
country	Ain Erreggada is a town in Berkane Province, Oriental, Morocco.	Ain Erreggada	Morocco
country	Rosenholm Castle (Danish: Rosenholm Slot) is Denmark's oldest family-owned castle, and is one of the best-preserved complexes from the golden age of the manor house -- from 1550 to 1630.	Rosenholm Castle	Denmark
country	Nuchavan (Persian: نوچوان‎, also Romanized as Nūchavān) is a village in Melkari Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Nuchavan	Iran
country	Calimaya is a town and municipality located just south of Toluca, the capital of the State of Mexico in central Mexico.	Calimaya	Mexico
country	The Broadview Hawks is an Australian rules football club based in the Broadview area of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Broadview Hawks	Canada
country	Friedenau is a locality (Ortsteil) within the borough (Bezirk) of Tempelhof-Schöneberg in Berlin, Germany.	Friedenau	Germany
country	Kalleh Garmak (Persian: كله گرمك‎; also known as Kalleh Garmak-e Bālā) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kalleh Garmak	Iran
country	Bojnik Airport (Serbian: Аеродром Бојник / Aerodrom Bojnik), also known as Kosančić Airport (Serbian: Аеродром Косанчић / Aerodrom Kosančić), is a military airport in the village of Kosančić, near the Bojnik, Serbia.	Bojnik Airport	Serbia
country	Janáček Academy of Music and Performing Arts (Czech: Janáčkova akademie múzických umění v Brně; abbreviation in Czech: JAMU) is a university-level school in Brno in the Czech Republic.	Janáček Academy of Music and Performing Arts	Czech Republic
country	Ruski Krstur (Serbian Cyrillic: Руски Крстур, Rusyn: Руски Керестур) is a village in Vojvodina, Serbia.	Ruski Krstur	Serbia
country	Hässelby is a Swedish town that is a part of Hässelby-Vällingby in the city of Stockholm, Sweden, comprising the suburban areas Hässelby Gård, Hässelby Strand and Hässelby Villastad.	Hässelby	Sweden
country	Radhanagari Wildlife Sanctuary is a wildlife sanctuary located in Radhanagari Taluka of Kolhapur district, Maharashtra state India.	Radhanagari Wildlife Sanctuary	India
country	Cleveland Point Light, also known as Point Cleveland Light, is a lighthouse located on the north-eastern tip of Cleveland Point, at Cleveland, a suburb approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) east-south-east of Brisbane, Australia.	Cleveland Point Light	Australia
country	Karnobat (Bulgarian: Карнобат) is a town in the Burgas Province, Southeastern Bulgaria.	Karnobat	Bulgaria
country	Białogród-Kolonia (bjaˈwɔɡrut kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleczew, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Białogród-Kolonia	Poland
country	Runirgod District is a district in the southeastern Middle Shabelle (Shabeellaha Dhexe) region of Somalia.	Runirgod District	Somalia
country	Trąbki Wielkie (ˈtrɔmpki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) (German: Groß Trampken) is a village in Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Trąbki Wielkie	Poland
country	Kaliveli Lake, or Kaliveli Lagoon, is a coastal lake and lagoon with wetlands in the Viluppuram District of Tamil Nadu state, in eastern South India.	Kaliveli Lake	India
country	Bonțida (Romanian pronunciation: (bonˈt͡sida); Hungarian: Bonchida, pronounced (ˈbont͡shidɒ), transl. ``Bonc's bridge''; German: Bonisbruck) is a commune in Cluj County, Romania.	Bonțida	Romania
country	Shahid Beheshti Training Camp (Persian: پادگان آموزشي شهيدبهشتي‎‎ -- Pādegān Āmūzeshī-ye Shahīd Beheshtī) is a village and military installation in Jey Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Shahid Beheshti Training Camp	Iran
country	Akhundzadeh (Persian: آخوند زاده‎, also Romanized as Ākhūndzādeh) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Akhundzadeh	Iran
country	Jalan Parit Hamid-Parit Botak (Johor state route J9) is a major road in Johor, Malaysia	Jalan Parit Hamid-Parit Botak	Malaysia
country	Castillo de Belmez is a small fortress located in Bélmez, northwest of Córdoba, in the Province of Córdoba, Spain.	Castillo de Belmez	Spain
country	The Gete (French: Gette) is a river in Belgium which flows south to north.	Gete	Belgium
country	The Sørup runestone (Danish: Sørup-stenen) is a runestone from Sørup close by Svendborg on southern Funen in Denmark.	Sørup runestone	Denmark
country	Bavel District (Khmer: ស្រុកបវេល) is a district (srok) of Battambang Province, in north-western Cambodia.	Bavel District	Cambodia
country	Muttenz (Swiss German: Muttez) is a municipality with a population of approximately 17,000 in the canton of Basel-Country in Switzerland.	Muttenz	Switzerland
country	Baradene College of the Sacred Heart is a Catholic high school for girls aged from 11 to 18 (Year 7-13) located in Remuera, Auckland, New Zealand.	Baradene College of the Sacred Heart	New Zealand
country	The village of Hampstead has more millionaires within its boundaries than any other area of the United Kingdom.	Hampstead	United Kingdom
country	Malbork (ˈmalbɔrk) (German: Marienburg ( listen); Latin: Civitas Beatae Virginis) is a town in northern Poland in the Żuławy region (Vistula delta), with 38,478 inhabitants (2006).	Malbork	Poland
country	The Rock of Cashel (Irish: Carraig Phádraig), also known as Cashel of the Kings and St. Patrick's Rock, is a historic site located at Cashel, County Tipperary, Ireland.	Rock of Cashel	Ireland
country	San Miguel Sigüilá (Spanish pronunciation: (san miˈɣel siɣwiˈla)) is a municipality in the Quetzaltenango department of Guatemala.	San Miguel Sigüilá	Guatemala
country	Szczekarków-Kolonia (ʂt͡ʂɛˈkarkuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilków, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Szczekarków-Kolonia	Poland
country	``Lofsöngur'' (``Hymn''), also known as ``Ó Guð vors lands'' (``O, God of Our Land''), is the national anthem of Iceland.	Lofsöngur	Iceland
country	At the time, sports in Germany was dominated by nationalistic gymnastics organizations, and under pressure from that sport's governing authority, the gymnasts and footballers went their separate ways again in 1927, as Turngemeinde Eintracht Frankfurt von 1861 and Sportgemeinde Eintracht Frankfurt (FFV) von 1899.	Eintracht Frankfurt	Germany
country	Thomas Hassall Anglican College is an independent, Anglican, co-educational, day school, located in Midedelton Grange, a suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Thomas Hassall Anglican College	Australia
country	Kawempe General Hospital, also known as Kawempe General Referral Hospital, is a hospital, under construction in Uganda, the third-largest economy in the East African Community.	Kawempe General Hospital	Uganda
country	Greek National Road 20 (Greek: Εθνική Οδός 20, abbreviated as EO20) is a single carriageway road in northwestern Greece.	Greek National Road 20	Greece
country	The Ubud Monkey Forest is a nature reserve and Hindu temple complex in Ubud, Bali, Indonesia.	Ubud Monkey Forest	Indonesia
country	Punat is a municipality in the Primorje-Gorski Kotar County in western Croatia on the island of Krk.	Punat	Croatia
country	Hoseyn Qeshlaqi Gurabazlu (Persian: حسين قشلاقي گورابازلو‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseyn Qeshlāqī Gūrābāzlū; also known as Ḩoseyn Qeshlāqī) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District, Aslan Duz District, Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Hoseyn Qeshlaqi Gurabazlu	Iran
country	Ruteng is a small town towards the western end of Flores Island, Indonesia.	Ruteng	Indonesia
country	Lunahuaná is a small village in the Cañete Province in Peru.	Lunahuaná	Peru
country	Ejisu is a small town and is the capital of Ejisu-Juaben Municipal, a district in the Ashanti Region of Ghana.	Ejisu	Ghana
country	Southern Konnevesi National Park (Finnish: Etelä-Konneveden kansallispuisto) is situated in the Finnish Lakeland on the border of the regions Central Finland and Northern Savonia, in the municipalities of Konnevesi and Rautalampi.	Southern Konnevesi National Park	Finland
country	Szczytno (ˈʂt͡ʂɨtnɔ) (German: Ortelsburg) is a town in north-eastern Poland with 27,970 inhabitants (2004).	Szczytno	Poland
country	Nowe Mosty (ˈnɔvɛ ˈmɔstɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łasin, within Grudziądz County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Nowe Mosty	Poland
country	Gietrzwałd (Polish pronunciation: (ɟɛtʂˈvawt); German: Dietrichswalde) is a village in northeastern Poland located in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, near Olsztyn.	Gietrzwałd	Poland
country	Taman Safari Indonesia or simply Taman Safari are safari parks in Bogor at West Java, in Mount Arjuno at East Java, and in Bali Safari and Marine Park at Bali.	Taman Safari	Indonesia
country	Greater Rosario is the metropolitan area of the city of Rosario, in the province of Santa Fe, Argentina.	Greater Rosario	Argentina
country	Doctor Juan Manuel Frutos is a town in the Caaguazú department of Paraguay.	Doctor Juan Manuel Frutos	Paraguay
country	The Cimetière du Château in Nice, France, is the burial site for notables such as:	Cimetière du Château	France
country	Žamberk (Czech pronunciation: (ˈʒambɛrk); German: Senftenberg) is a town in the Ústí nad Orlicí District, Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.	Žamberk	Czech Republic
country	The Oderbruch (from Middle High German brouch meaning a marshy ground, swamp or moor; bruch is related to the English term brook) is a landscape at the Oder river in eastern Germany on the Polish border.	Oderbruch	Germany
country	Tolkamer is a village near Lobith in the municipality of Rijnwaarden in the province of Gelderland, the Netherlands.	Tolkamer	Netherlands
country	Exmouth Gulf is a gulf in the north-west of Western Australia.	Exmouth Gulf	Australia
country	Halinovići (Cyrillic: Халиновићи) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Halinovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Berżałowce (bɛrʐaˈwɔft͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Berżałowce	Poland
country	The Basilica Argentaria is a portico with pillars lining the Temple of Venus Genetrix in the Forum of Caesar in Rome (Italy).	Basilica Argentaria	Italy
country	Hraunhreppur was formerly a rural parish (hreppur) in Mýrasýsla county, west Iceland.	Hraunhreppur	Iceland
country	Mutasa South is a constituency of Zimbabwe.	Mutasa South	Zimbabwe
country	Namada Chilume (pronounced naamada chilume' in Kannada) is a natural spring situated by Devarayanadurga, near Tumkur in the state of Karnataka in India.	Namada Chilume	India
country	The Arctic Fox Center (Icelandic: Melrakkasetur) is a research center with an enclosed exhibition and café in the municipality Súðavík in the Westfjords in Iceland.	The Arctic Fox Center	Iceland
country	The Sennelager Training Area (German: Truppenübungsplatz Senne) is a military training area in Germany under the control of British Forces based in Paderborn Garrison.	Sennelager Training Area	Germany
country	Bialik Hebrew Day School (בית ספר יומי על שם ח.נ. ביאליק) is a private, Jewish day school located in Toronto, Canada.	Bialik Hebrew Day School	Canada
country	Pasca is a town and municipality in the Cundinamarca department of Colombia located over the Andes mountains.	Pasca	Colombia
country	Nowy Ujków (ˈnɔvɨ ˈui̯kuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesław, within Olkusz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Nowy Ujków	Poland
country	Herøy Church (Norwegian: Herøy kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Herøy in Nordland county, Norway.	Herøy Church	Norway
country	Orocue Airport (IATA: ORC, ICAO: SKOE) is an airport serving Orocue, a town and municipality in the department of Casanare in Colombia.	Orocue Airport	Colombia
country	Wiślica (viˈɕlit͡sa) is a village in Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wiślica	Poland
country	Bettystown railway station (Irish: Baile an Bhiataigh) was a railway station in County Meath, Ireland, on the Dublin and Drogheda Railway line, serving the village of Bettystown.	Bettystown railway station	Ireland
country	Samode Palace, Samode Haveli and Samode Bagh (Garden) are heritage monuments and structures built by the noble feudatory with the hereditary title of 'Maha Rawal' or 'Maha Saheb'' of the Amber and Jaipur principality in Rajasthan, India.	Samode Palace	India
country	Stary Szor (ˈstarɨ ˈʂɔr) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Stary Szor	Poland
country	Arradon (Aradon in Breton) is a commune in the Morbihan department in the Brittany region in northwestern France.	Arradon	France
country	Province officials of Pampanga are in high hopes that through the Sinukwan Festival, their vision of making Pampanga a premier tourism destination in the Philippines succeed, and see other provinces join them in celebrating, even compete in the events of the festival, letting the Kapampangans warmly share their own art and culture.	Sinukwan Festival	Philippines
country	Veliko Tinje (pronounced (ˈʋeːlikɔ ˈtiːnjɛ)) is a village in the Pohorje Hills in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia.	Veliko Tinje	Slovenia
country	Siah Kuh-e Sofla (Persian: سياه كوه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Sīāh Kūh-e Soflá) is a village in Do Dehak Rural District, in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Siah Kuh-e Sofla	Iran
country	Gabazeleh (Persian: گابازله‎, also Romanized as Gābāzeleh and Gabāzeleh; also known as Kābāzaleh) is a village in Mokriyan-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gabazeleh	Iran
country	Vadiče (pronounced (ˈʋaːditʃɛ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Vadiče	Slovenia
country	Ruapehu District is a territorial authority in the centre of New Zealand's North Island.	Ruapehu District	New Zealand
country	Chah-e Banan-e Vasat (Persian: چاه بنان وسط‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Banān-e Vasaṭ; also known as Chāhbanān) is a village in Chah Dadkhoda Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chah-e Banan-e Vasat	Iran
country	Dvergsøya is an island in the Kristiansandsfjord off Kristiansand, Norway.	Dvergsøya	Norway
country	Ammar Popular Film Festival (APFF), is held in Tehran, Iran and showcases international documentary film, fictions, animations, clips, music videos, photo albums and other kinds of media with a focus on social and economic issues.	Ammar Popular Film Festival	Iran
country	Buna Airfield was an aerodrome located near Buna, Papua New Guinea.	Buna Airfield	Papua New Guinea
country	The Ried Glacier (German: Riedgletscher) is a 6 km long glacier (2005) situated in the Pennine Alps in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.	Ried Glacier	Switzerland
country	The 25th Nova Scotia general election was held on 8 October 1963 to elect members of the 48th House of Assembly of the Province of Nova Scotia, Canada.	25th Nova Scotia general election	Canada
country	The Château de Saint-Just is a Renaissance castle with a park located in the Commune of Saint-Just near the town of Vernon in the Eure Department, in the region of upper Normandy, France.	Château de Saint-Just	France
country	Al Zallaq (Arabic: الزلاق‎) is a village on the western coast of Bahrain.	Zallaq	Bahrain
country	The Yixun River (simplified Chinese: 伊逊河; traditional Chinese: 伊遜河; pinyin: Yīxùn Hé) is a subsidiary of Luan He, a river located in Hebei, a province of the People's Republic of China.	Yixun River	People's Republic of China
country	Khvosh Hava (Persian: خوش هوا‎, also Romanized as Khvosh Havā; also known as Khoshharā, Khushwar, and Khvoshābād) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khvosh Hava	Iran
country	El-Tarif (Arabic: إلطارف ‎ aṭ-Ṭārif) is a necropolis on the West Bank of the Nile at Thebes, Egypt.	El-Tarif	Egypt
country	Manlot (historically Labno Islet) is an uninhabited island-barangay in northeastern Iloilo, Philippines.	Manlot	Philippines
country	Karlbergskanalen (Swedish for ``Canal of Karlberg'') is a canal in western central Stockholm, Sweden.	Karlbergskanalen	Sweden
country	Kranji is a suburb in northwestern Singapore, located about 22 kilometres (14 mi) from the city centre.	Kranji	Singapore
country	Changqing District (simplified Chinese: 长清区; traditional Chinese: 長清區; pinyin: Chángqīng Qū) is one of six districts of Jinan, the capital of Shandong province, People's Republic of China, covering part of the southwestern suburbs.	Changqing District	People's Republic of China
country	Wola Kisielska (ˈvɔla kiˈɕelska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek Łukowski, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wola Kisielska	Poland
country	Otevan (Armenian: Օթևան); formerly known as Bashsis and Baysuz is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Otevan	Armenia
country	Lockhart River Airport (IATA: IRG, ICAO: YLHR) (also known as Iron Range Airport) is an airport in Lockhart River, Queensland, Australia, located approximately 800 km (500 mi) north of Cairns on the eastern coast of Cape York Peninsula.	Lockhart River Airport	Australia
country	Dareg-e Zamin (Persian: درگ زمين‎, also Romanized as Dareg-e Zamīn; also known as Dareqzamīn) is a village in Jakdan Rural District, in the Central District of Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Dareg-e Zamin	Iran
country	Kampong Trabaek District (Khmer: ស្រុកកំពង់ត្របែក) is a district located in Prey Veng Province, in south eastern Cambodia.	Kampong Trabaek District	Cambodia
country	Coudekerque-Village (Dutch: Koudekerke-Dorp) is a former commune of the Nord department in northern France.	Coudekerque-Village	France
country	Muráň (earlier Podmuráň, German: Untermuran, Hungarian: Murányalja) is a village and municipality in Revúca District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia.	Muráň	Slovakia
country	Wólka Nieliska (ˈvulka ɲeˈliska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nielisz, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wólka Nieliska	Poland
country	Golczew (ˈɡɔlt͡ʂɛf) (German: Golzow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Golczew	Poland
country	The Left-Green Movement (Icelandic: Vinstrihreyfingin -- grænt framboð, also known by its acronym VG) is a left-wing political party in Iceland.	Left-Green Movement	Iceland
country	Rakhiv (Ukrainian: Рáхів) is a city located in Zakarpattia Oblast (province) in western Ukraine.	Rakhiv	Ukraine
country	Fitzroy Island National Park is a gazetted protected area covering Fitzroy Island, in Far North Queensland, Queensland, Australia.	Fitzroy Island National Park	Australia
country	The Imatong Mountains (also Immatong, or rarely Matonge) are located in the state of Eastern Equatoria in southeastern South Sudan, and extend into the Northern Region of Uganda.	Imatong Mountains	South Sudan
country	Spånga-Tensta is a borough (stadsdelsområde) in Stockholm, Sweden located in the north.	Spånga-Tensta	Sweden
country	Taichung Intercontinental Baseball Stadium (Chinese: 臺中市洲際棒球場) is located in Taichung, the third largest city in Taiwan.	Taichung Intercontinental Baseball Stadium	Taiwan
country	Yarsa is a village development committee in Rasuwa District in the Bagmati Zone of northern Nepal.	Yarsa	Nepal
country	Skerhólmur is a small islet in the middle of Sørvágsfjørður on the island of Vágar, Faroe Islands.	Skerhólmur	Faroe Islands
country	According to the Census of India 2001,Total Population of Jaipatna was 108,531.where 49% of male and 51% of female living.	Jaipatna	India
country	Ułomie (uˈwɔmjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Ułomie	Poland
country	Krivi Vrh (pronounced (ˈkɾiːvi ˈʋəɾx)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Sveta Ana in the Slovene Hills in northeastern Slovenia.	Krivi Vrh	Slovenia
country	Jezus-Eik (in French: Notre-Dame-au-Bois) is a village in the municipality of Overijse in the province of Flemish Brabant, the Belgium.	Jezus-Eik	Belgium
country	Francis Douglas Memorial College (or FDMC) is an all-boys state integrated Catholic school with boarding facilities located in Westown, New Plymouth, New Zealand.	Francis Douglas Memorial College	New Zealand
country	Pamiątkowice (pamjɔntkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Sulęcin, within Sulęcin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Pamiątkowice	Poland
country	Hnyly Tikych (Ukrainian: Гнилий Тікич) is a river in Ukraine, 157 km in length, a right tributary of the Tikych, the basin of Southern Bug.	Hnyly Tikych	Ukraine
country	Troarn is a commune in the Calvados in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.	Troarn	France
country	Delta FM was a United Kingdom local radio station, broadcasting to East Hampshire, South West Surrey and North West Sussex.	Delta FM	United Kingdom
country	Paungdale` is a small town about 12 miles from Pyay and 13 miles from Pauk Khaung ေပါက္ေခါင္း in Myanmar.	Paungdale	Myanmar
country	Brantingtorget (Swedish: ``Square of Branting'') is the courtyard of the so-called Kanslihusannexet (``Annex of the Chancellery''), acting as one of the public squares in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Brantingtorget	Sweden
country	Härjedalen (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈhærjəˈdɑːlən); Norwegian: Herjedalen, pronounced (ˈhærjəˈdɑːlən)) is a historical province or landskap in the centre of Sweden.	Härjedalen	Sweden
country	The Scorched Earth Operation refers to events in September 1999 in East Timor.	Scorched Earth Operation	East Timor
country	Sopot (ˈsɔpɔt) (Kashubian: Sopòt; German: Zoppot ( listen)) is a seaside resort town in Eastern Pomerania on the southern coast of the Baltic Sea in northern Poland, with a population of approximately 40,000.	Sopot	Poland
country	Opolzneve (Ukrainian: Оползневе; Russian: Оползневое; Crimean Tatar: Kikineiz) is a village in the Yalta Municipality of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and annexed by Russia as the Republic of Crimea.	Opolzneve	Ukraine	Russia
country	Oupyakadi was a Roman Catholic mission station in southern Angola, located ca.	Oupyakadi	Angola
country	The Madurankuliya Wind Farm (also known as Narakkaliya Wind Farm, after its location) is a 12 MW wind farm located in Narakkaliya, bordering the Lakvijaya Power Station, in Narakkaliya, Puttalam, Sri Lanka.	Madurankuliya Wind Farm	Sri Lanka
country	Wilsons Promontory Lighthouse is situated on South East Point, Wilsons Promontory, Victoria, Australia.	Wilsons Promontory Lighthouse	Australia
country	Boorta (Persian: بورتا ‎) is a village in Tamin Rural District, in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Boorta	Iran
country	Vafeika (Greek: Βαφέικα, also Βαφαίικα) is a settlement located approximately four kilometers from Genisea in the Xanthi regional unit of Greece.	Vafeika	Greece
country	Siaqul-e Sofla (Persian: سياقول سفلي‎, also Romanized as Sīāqūl-e Soflá; also known as Sīāh Gol-e Pā’īn) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District, Khalifan District, Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Siaqul-e Sofla	Iran
country	R v George, 1960 S.C.R. 871 is a leading Supreme Court of Canada on different degrees of mens rea.	R v George	Canada
country	The Museum of Stamps and Coins is located in the Fontvieille section of Monaco.	Museum of Stamps and Coins	Monaco
country	The Shestakovskaya Svita is a geological formation in Mongolia and eastern Russia whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous.	Shestakovskaya Svita	Mongolia	Russia
country	Padmanabhapuram was the erstwhile capital of the princely state of Travancore in India.	Padmanabhapuram	India
country	Cyców-Kolonia Druga (ˈt͡sɨt͡suf kɔˈlɔɲa ˈdruɡa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cyców, within Łęczna County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Cyców-Kolonia Druga	Poland
country	Abeh-ye Now (Persian: ابه نو‎, also Romanized as Ābeh-ye Now) is a village in Lajran Rural District, in the Central District of Garmsar County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Abeh-ye Now	Iran
country	It is governed by one of the most revered traders associations in Nigeria, the Onitsha Market Traders Association (OMATA).	Onitsha Market	Nigeria
country	Dowreh County (Do Râh Persian: شهرستان دوره‎‎, and Chegeni County Persian: شهرستان چگني‎‎), is a county in Lorestan Province in Iran.	Dowreh County	Iran
country	Johanneshovsbron (Swedish: ``The Johanneshov Bridge'') is a 756 metres long and 17,9 metres wide road bridge in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Johanneshovsbron	Sweden
country	Peyrilles (French pronunciation: ​(peRij)) is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.	Peyrilles	France
country	Jutrzyna (juˈtʂɨna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązów, within Strzelin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Jutrzyna	Poland
country	Aghberk (Armenian: Աղբերք, also Romanized as Aghberq; formerly, Agbulakh, Agbulag, Aghbulagh, and Agbulalakh) is a village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Aghberk	Armenia
country	Cotonou Cadjehoun Airport (IATA: COO, ICAO: DBBB) is an airport in Cotonou, the largest city in Benin in West Africa.	Cadjehoun Airport	Benin
country	Rzędziny (ʐɛnˈd͡ʑinɨ) (formerly German Nassenheide) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra, within Police County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Rzędziny	Poland
country	Tarazona Cathedral (Catedral de Nuestra Señora de la Huerta de Tarazona, originally Iglesia de Nuestra Señora de la Hidria or Nuestra Señora de la Huerta o de la Vega) is situated in Tarazona, Zaragoza province, region of Aragon, Spain.	Tarazona Cathedral	Spain
country	The Prix Décembre, originally known as the Prix Novembre, is one of France's premier literary awards.	Prix Décembre	France
country	Niederstocken is a former municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.	Niederstocken	Switzerland
country	Manouchehri House is a historic house in Kashan, Iran, now in use as a hotel.	Manouchehri House	Iran
country	The Rietberg Museum is a museum in Zürich, Switzerland, displaying Asian, African, American and Oceanian art. It is the only art museum of non-European cultures in Switzerland, the third-largest museum in Zürich, and the largest to be run by the city itself.	Rietberg Museum	Switzerland
country	Tõstamaa is a small borough (Estonian: alevik) in Pärnu County, southwestern Estonia.	Tõstamaa	Estonia
country	The Kuosheng Nuclear Power Plant or Guosheng Nuclear Power Plant (國聖核能發電廠 or 核二) is a nuclear power plant in Wanli, New Taipei, Taiwan.	Kuosheng Nuclear Power Plant	Taiwan
country	Banatska Dubica (Serbian Cyrillic: Банатска Дубица) is a village in Serbia.	Banatska Dubica	Serbia
country	Takaoka Dam (Japanese: 高岡ダム) is a dam in Miyazaki Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1932.	Takaoka Dam	Japan
country	The Shia Masjid (literally meaning 'Shia Mosque') is one of the largest Shia mosques in the mainly Shi'ite populated area of Islampura in the city of Lahore, Pakistan.	Shia Masjid	Pakistan
country	Shajapur is a City in Malwa region of Madhya Pradesh state in west-central India.	Shajapur	India
country	Liepāja Museum is the largest museum in the historical region of Courland, Latvia and possesses more than 100,000 articles, but in the halls of the museum you can see 1,500 exhibits.	Liepāja Museum	Latvia
country	The Abbey of Santa Maria in Sylvis (Italian: Abbazia di Santa Maria in Sylvis) is a monastery in the centre of Sesto al Reghena, in the province of Pordenone, north-eastern Italy.	Abbey of Santa Maria in Sylvis	Italy
country	J.M. Olds Collegiate is a high school located in Twillingate, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	J.M. Olds Collegiate	Canada
country	San Matías Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto San Matías, IATA: MQK, ICAO: SLTI) is a public use airport located near San Matías, Santa Cruz, Bolivia.	San Matías Airport	Bolivia
country	The 2012 Kamaishi earthquake occurred near the city of Kamaishi, Japan, on December 7.	2012 Kamaishi earthquake	Japan
country	The Botataung Pagoda (Burmese: ဗိုလ်တထောင်ဘုရား (bòtətʰàʊɴ pʰəjá); also spelled Botahtaung; literally ``1000 military officers'') is a famous pagoda located in downtown Yangon, Myanmar, near the Yangon river.	Botataung Pagoda	Myanmar
country	Matimba Power Station close to Ellisras, Limpopo Province, South Africa, is a coal-fired power plant operated by Eskom.	Matimba Power Station	South Africa
country	Koldanuiyeh (Persian: كلدانوئيه‎, also Romanized as Koldānū’īyeh) is a village in Javaran Rural District, Hanza District, Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Koldanuiyeh	Iran
country	Harduf (Hebrew: הַרְדּוּף, lit. Oleander) is a kibbutz in northern Israel.	Harduf	Israel
country	Biała Piska (ˈbʲawa ˈpʲiska) (German: Gehlen, later Bialla, 1938-1945 Gehlenburg) is a town in Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, Poland, with 4,036 inhabitants (2004).	Biała Piska	Poland
country	Cavan railway station in Swellan in Cavan Town was a former station on the Inny Junction to Cavan branch of the Midland Great Western Railway, Ireland.	Cavan railway station	Ireland
country	Kfar Sirkin or Kefar Syrkin (Hebrew: כְּפַר סִירְקִין) is a moshav in Israel within the municipal jurisdiction of the Drom HaSharon Regional Council near the city of Petah Tikva.	Kfar Sirkin	Israel
country	The Martin Luther Church (Swedish: Martin Luthers kyrka) is a church building in Nyhem in Halmstad, Sweden.	Martin Luther Church	Sweden
country	The Battle of Brémule was fought on 20 August 1119 between Henry I of England and Louis VI the Fat of France.	Battle of Brémule	France
country	Monte Hermoso is a town located on the Atlantic coast of Argentina, some 100 km (62 mi) east of the city of Bahía Blanca, in the south of the Province of Buenos Aires.	Monte Hermoso	Argentina
country	Pachalam is a place located near the city of Cochin, Kerala in India.	Pachalam	India
country	Asserbohus is a mansion and former hotel and school in Asserbo, Halsnæs Municipality, Denmark.	Asserbohus	Denmark
country	Hall Beach (Inuktitut: Sanirajak (the shoreline), Syllabics: ᓴᓂᕋᔭᒃ) is an Inuit settlement within the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada, approximately 69 km (43 mi) south of Igloolik.	Hall Beach	Canada
country	Kerana Karina (``Because of Karina'') is the first web drama to be produced in Malaysia, screened at entertainment portal gua.com.my.	Kerana Karina	Malaysia
country	Before the Kommunalreformen (``The Municipality Reform'' of 2007), Aabybro Municipality was a municipality (Danish, kommune) in North Jutland County on the island of Vendsyssel-Thy, part of the Jutland peninsula, in northern Denmark.	Aabybro Municipality	Denmark
country	Kobjeglava (pronounced (kɔbjɛˈɡlaːʋa); Italian: Còbbia) is a village west of Štanjel in the Municipality of Komen in the Littoral region of Slovenia next to the border with Italy.	Kobjeglava	Slovenia
country	Tsater (Armenian: Ծաթեր, also romanized as Tsat’er) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Tsater	Armenia
country	Guthrie Corridor Expressway, GCE, is an expressway in Klang Valley, Selangor, Malaysia.	Guthrie Corridor Expressway	Malaysia
country	Justvik (also called Gjusvik) is a village in the municipality of Kristiansand, Norway.	Justvik	Norway
country	Bileća (Serbian Cyrillic: Билећа) is a town and municipality in East Herzegovina in Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bileća	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Moeyan Hill is a small hill 2.4 km southeast of Berry on the South Coast of New South Wales, Australia.	Moeyan Hill	Australia
country	La Roche-en-Ardenne is a Walloon municipality of Belgium located in the province of Luxembourg and the arrondissement of Marche-en-Famenne.	La Roche-en-Ardenne	Belgium
country	The Shivsagar Lake (Hindi: Shivsagar), is a reservoir in the state of Maharashtra, India.	Shivsagar Lake	India
country	The Kaladan River (Burmese: ကုလားတန်မြစ်, pronounced: (kəládàɴ mjɪʔ); also Beino, Bieno Bawinu, Tuipui, and Kolodyne) is a river in eastern Mizoram State of India, and in Chin State and Rakhine State of western Myanmar.	Kaladan River	India
country	Mahjan (Persian: مه جان‎, also Romanized as Mahjān and Mah Jān; also known as Mahgān, Maigān, and Meygān) is a village in Aspas Rural District, Sedeh District, Eqlid County, Fars Province, Iran.	Mahjan	Iran
country	Chajdyce (xai̯ˈdɨt͡sɛ) (German: Neu Jerutten) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Chajdyce	Poland
country	Wainuiomata High School is a state co-educational secondary school situated in Wainuiomata, a suburb of Lower Hutt, New Zealand.	Wainuiomata High School	New Zealand
country	Szprudowo (ʂpruˈdɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniew, within Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Szprudowo	Poland
country	Puebla (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈpweβla)), formally Heróica Puebla de Zaragoza and also known as Puebla City, is the seat of Puebla Municipality, the capital and largest city of the state of Puebla, and one of the five most important Spanish colonial cities in Mexico.	Puebla City	Mexico
country	Malekoula Airport (IATA: LPM, ICAO: NVSL), also known as Lamap Airport, is an airfield near Lamap on the island of Malekoula, in the Malampa province in Vanuatu.	Malekoula Airport	Vanuatu
country	The Adriatic railway (Italian: Ferrovia Adriatica) is the railroad from Ancona to Otranto that runs along the Adriatic Coast of Italy, following it almost all of the way.	Adriatic railway	Italy
country	Hellissandur is a village and part of the Snæfellsbær municipality at the northwestern tip of Snæfellsnes peninsula in western Iceland.	Hellissandur	Iceland
country	Harihar Airport (ICAO: VO52) is the small private airport serving harihar, a city in the Karnataka state of India.	Harihar Airport	India
country	The 2010 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships took place between March 19 and March 21, 2010 in Sofia, Bulgaria.	2010 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships	Bulgaria
country	The Grosse Scheidegg is a mountain pass in the Bernese Alps of Switzerland, The pass crosses the col between the Schwarzhorn and the Wetterhorn mountains at an elevation of 1,962 m (6,437 ft).	Grosse Scheidegg	Switzerland
country	Platåberget is a mountain in Nordenskiöld Land on the island of Spitsbergen in Svalbard, Norway.	Platåberget	Norway
country	Opalanki (ɔpaˈlaŋki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozorków, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Opalanki	Poland
country	South West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO), (ˈswɑːpəʊ), (German: Südwestafrikanische Volksorganisation, SWAVO; Afrikaans: Suidwes-Afrikaanse Volk-Organisasie, SWAVO), officially known as SWAPO Party of Namibia, is a political party and former national liberation movement in Namibia.	SWAPO	Namibia
country	Rustai-ye Bandku (Persian: روستاي بندکو‎, also Romanized as Rūstāī-ye Bandkū; also known as Bandkūh) is a village in Deh Kahan Rural District, Aseminun District, Manujan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Rustai-ye Bandku	Iran
country	Nīkrāce parish (Latvian: Nīkrāces pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Skrunda Municipality, Latvia.	Nīkrāce parish	Latvia
country	Sværtegade is a street in the Old Town of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Sværtegade	Denmark
country	BCMaterials, which stands for Basque Center for Materials Applications & Nanostructures - BCMaterials Materials Fundazioa, is an autonomous research center located on the Basque Country, Spain.	BCMaterials	Spain
country	Montelíbano is a town and municipality located in the Córdoba department, northern Colombia.	Montelíbano	Colombia
country	Saulkrasti ( pronunciation ; German: Neubad) (in translation from Latvian - Sun shores) is a town in Latvia, which lies on the east coast of Gulf of Riga.	Saulkrasti	Latvia
country	Bonson, Loire is a commune in the Loire department in central France.	Bonson, Loire	France
country	The Free German Workers' Party (German: Freiheitliche Deutsche ArbeiterPartei, FAP) was a neo-nazi political party in Germany.	Free German Workers' Party	Germany
country	Founded on 1 January 1950, the institution merged with the Military Medical Academy of Łódź on 1 October 2002, to form the Medical University of Łódź, known as a leading European research center and Poland's largest hospital teaching unit.	Medical Academy of Łódź	Poland
country	Namdaemunno is a major thoroughfare in the central districts of Seoul, South Korea and a two-way road consisting of 8 lanes.	Namdaemunno	South Korea
country	Biojoule Thermal Power Station is a 2 MW biogas-fired thermal power station in Kenya, the largest economy in East African Community.	Biojoule Thermal Power Station	Kenya
country	Lammi Church is a medieval stone church located in Lammi, Hämeenlinna, Southern Finland.	Lammi Church	Finland
country	The Virvytė River or Virvyčia River (Samogitian: Virvītė) is a river in Samogitia (Šilalė, Telšiai and Mažeikiai districts), northwestern Lithuania.	Virvytė	Lithuania
country	A Fonsagrada is a town and municipality in the province of Lugo in the autonomous community of Galicia in northwest Spain which is 25 miles east-north-east of Lugo by road.	A Fonsagrada	Spain
country	The Oluvil Harbour is a commercial and fishery harbour located in Ampara District, Eastern Province, Sri Lanka.	Oluvil Harbour	Sri Lanka
country	Strgonice (Cyrillic: Стргонице) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Strgonice	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Nakhara (Russian: Нахара) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Nakharinsky Rural Okrug of Suntarsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 140 kilometers (87 mi) from Suntar, the administrative center of the district.	Nakhara	Russia
country	Dobropillia (Ukrainian: Добропілля, Russian: Доброполье -- Dobropolye) is a city of oblast significance in Donetsk Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Dobropillia	Ukraine
country	Kivitoo, Nunavut is an abandoned Inuit community and a former whaling station on the northeast shore of Baffin Island in Nunavut, Canada.	Kivitoo	Canada
country	The Museu da Tabanka or Tabanca is a museum in Assomada in the central part of the island of Santiago in Cape Verde that is related with music, notably the tabanka.	Museu da Tabanka	Cape Verde
country	Hankavan (Armenian: Հանքավան); formerly known as Mikhaylovka, is a village and a summer resort in the Kotayk Province of Armenia along in the Marmarik River below the Pambak mountains range.	Hankavan	Armenia
country	Kazan Aircraft Production Association (KAPO; Russian: Казанское авиационное производственное объединение имени С. П. Горбунова) is an aircraft manufacturer based in Kazan, Russia.	Kazan Aircraft Production Association	Russia
country	Støren Church (Norwegian: Støren kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Midtre Gauldal in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Støren Church	Norway
country	The Eau d'Heure lakes (French: lacs de l'Eau d'Heure) is a complex of five artificial lakes, forming the largest lake area in Belgium.	Eau d'Heure lakes	Belgium
country	Chociwel (xɔˈt͡ɕivɛl) (German: Freienwalde in Pommern; Kashubian: Frinwôłd) is a town in Poland, in West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in Stargard County.	Chociwel	Poland
country	Rud Kenar (Persian: رودكنار‎, also Romanized as Rūd Kenār; also known as Rud-Kinar) is a village in Dinachal Rural District, Pareh Sar District, Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Rud Kenar	Iran
country	The Kleine Renne is a cascading mountain stream and officially designated natural monument near the town of Wernigerode in the Harz Mountains of Germany.	Kleine Renne	Germany
country	Torfavan (Armenian: Տորֆավան; formerly Kamishlu) is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Torfavan	Armenia
country	Łabowa (waˈbɔva) (Ukrainian: Лабова, Labova) is a village in Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Łabowa	Poland
country	Chorten Kora is an important stupa next to the Kulong Chu River in Trashiyangtse, in East Bhutan.	Chorten Kora	Bhutan
country	Arsakeio Lyceum of Patras is a private high school in the suburb of Rio, Patras, Greece.	Arsakeio Lyceum of Patras	Greece
country	Jiban Bima Corporation (JBC) is the state-run life insurance provider in Bangladesh under the provisions of the Insurance Act 1938, Insurance Rules 1958, and related other laws enforceable in Bangladesh in Bangladesh Corporation Act 1973.	Jiban Bima Corporation	Bangladesh
country	Pleumeleuc (Breton: Pleveleg, Gallo: Ploemenoec) is a commune in the department of Ille-et-Vilaine in Brittany in the northwest of France.	Pleumeleuc	France
country	The Kuiseb River in Namibia flows from the Khomas highlands west of Windhoek to Walvis Bay.	Kuiseb River	Namibia
country	Abadkənd (also, Abadkend and Dzhindyrly) is a village and municipality in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Abadkənd	Azerbaijan
country	The Grande Côte is a stretch of coast in Senegal, running north from the Cap Vert peninsula to St-Louis.	Grande Côte	Senegal
country	Orexo is a pharmaceutical company based in Uppsala, Sweden initially financed with venture capital provided by HealthCap.	Orexo	Sweden
country	Ertso-Tianeti (Georgian: ერწო-თიანეთი) is a small historical-geographic area in eastern Georgia.	Ertso-Tianeti	Georgia
country	Lélouma is a town located in west central Guinea.	Lélouma	Guinea
country	The Moszna Castle (Polish: Pałac w Mosznej) is a historic castle and residence located in a small village of Moszna in Poland.	Moszna Castle	Poland
country	Zhouning County (simplified Chinese: 周宁县; traditional Chinese: 周寧縣; pinyin: Zhōuníng Xiàn; Foochow Romanized: Ciŭ-nìng-gâing) is a county of northeastern Fujian province, People's Republic of China.	Zhouning County	People's Republic of China
country	Topla Reber (pronounced (ˈtɔːpla ˈɾeːbəɾ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Topla Reber	Slovenia
country	Røvær is an island group about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) northwest of Haugesund in Rogaland county, Norway.	Røvær	Norway
country	Wallumbilla railway station is a disused station located on the Western line in Queensland, Australia.	Wallumbilla railway station	Australia
country	Koluszki (kɔˈluʂkʲi) is a town, and a major railway junction, in Central Poland, in Łódź Voivodeship, about 20 km east of Łódź.	Koluszki	Poland
country	The Arboretum du Planel is an arboretum and nature preserve located near the Château d'Arques in Arques, Aude, Languedoc-Roussillon, France.	Arboretum du Planel	France
country	Asarama is a riverine community in Andoni, Rivers State, Nigeria.	Asarama	Nigeria
country	The Canton of Rennes-le-Blosne is a former canton of France, in the Ille-et-Vilaine département, located in Rennes.	Canton of Rennes-le-Blosne	France
country	Pleigne is a municipality in the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland.	Pleigne	Switzerland
country	Ribarevina (Montenegrin Cyrillic: Рибаревина), meaning place of fishermen in Older Slavic, is the name of a major crossroads in Montenegro, based in the north of the country in the Bijelo Polje municipality.	Ribarevina	Montenegro
country	Luanshya is a town in Zambia, in the Copperbelt Province near Ndola.	Luanshya	Zambia
country	Ramgarh Sardaran is a village in the Ludhiana district of Punjab, India.	Ramgarh Sardaran	India
country	Błomino-Gule (bwɔˈminɔ ˈɡulɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Błomino-Gule	Poland
country	The Canadian Philosophical Association (ACPA, French: L'Association canadienne de philosophie) was founded in 1958 as a bilingual non-profit organization devoted to philosophy professionals in Canada.	Canadian Philosophical Association	Canada
country	Gyesan is a district of Gyeyang which is a ward of Incheon, South Korea.	Gyesan	South Korea
country	Qarah Qassab (Persian: قره قصاب‎, also Romanized as Qarah Qaşşāb and Qareh Qaşşāb) is a village in Almahdi Rural District, Mohammadyar District, Naqadeh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qarah Qassab	Iran
country	Egmore (Tamil: எழும்பூர்) is a neighbourhood of Chennai, India.	Egmore	India
country	The Doge's Palace (Italian: Palazzo Ducale) is a palace built in Venetian Gothic style, and one of the main landmarks of the city of Venice in northern Italy.	Doge's Palace	Italy
country	Prauzhda (Bulgarian=Праужда) is a village in Vidin Province in northwestern Bulgaria.	Prauzhda	Bulgaria
country	Caribbean Research and Management of Biodiversity Foundation (previously The Caribbean Marine Biological Institute; commonly referred to as CARMABI Foundation or just CARMABI) is a research organization in Curaçao, former Netherlands Antilles.	Caribbean Research and Management of Biodiversity Foundation	Curaçao
country	Hulasu (Persian: هولاسو‎, also Romanized as Hūlāsū; also known as Holah Sū, Hūleh Sū, and Hūlehsū) is a village in Hulasu Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hulasu	Iran
country	Waitotara School is a small state primary school situated in the rural village of Waitotara, located between Wanganui and Hawera, New Zealand on State Highway 3.	Waitotara School	New Zealand
country	The Trondheim Tramway in Trondheim, Norway, is the world's most northerly tramway system, following the closure and dismantling of the Arkhangelsk tramways in Russia.	Trondheim Tramway	Norway
country	Uffing am Staffelsee (officially, Uffing a.Staffelsee; Bavarian: Uffing am Staffesee) is a municipality in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen, in Bavaria, Germany.	Uffing	Germany
country	Mmamabula is a planned coal mine and coal-fired power station to the east of the main road and rail corridor in Botswana between Gaborone and Francistown and south of the Serorome River.	Mmamabula	Botswana
country	Antisana is a stratovolcano of the northern Andes, in Ecuador.	Antisana	Ecuador
country	Rokitnica-Wieś (rɔkitˈnit͡sa ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świedziebnia, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Rokitnica-Wieś	Poland
country	The Epping to Chatswood rail link (ECRL) (originally a part of the Parramatta Rail Link (PRL)) is a railway line in the northern suburbs of Sydney, Australia, which connects the suburb of Epping on the Northern line to the suburb of Chatswood on the North Shore line.	Epping to Chatswood rail link	Australia
country	Samar (/ˈsɑːmɑr/ SAH-mar) is an island in the Visayas, within central Philippines and the third largest island in the country.	Samar	Philippines
country	The Arboretum du Massif des Agriers (4 hectares) is an arboretum located within the 600-hectare forest of the Massif des Agriers near Lamazière-Haute and Eygurande, Corrèze, Limousin, France.	Arboretum du Massif des Agriers	France
country	Kogalym (Russian: Когалым) is a town in Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug, Russia, located on the Inguyagun River 325 kilometers (202 mi) northeast of Khanty-Mansiysk.	Kogalym	Russia
country	Pico Naiguatá is the summit of a mountain in South America near Caracas, Venezuela, part of the Venezuelan Coastal Range, of which it is the highest peak.	Pico Naiguatá	Venezuela
country	The Kempinski Hotel Giardino di Costanza is a hotel in Italy which belongs to the International Kempinski Hotels collection.	Kempinski Hotel Giardino di Costanza	Italy
country	Shatsky National Natural Park (SNNP) is a park in Ukraine which was established in 1983 and aimed to preserve, reconstitute and to use effectively Volyn Polissia natural complexes and objects of special environmental, recreational, educational and aesthetic value.	Shatsky National Natural Park	Ukraine
country	Sazeman-e Kiani (Persian: سازمان كياني‎, also Romanized as Sāzemān-e Kīānī) is a village in Golestan Rural District, in the Central District of Jajrom County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sazeman-e Kiani	Iran
country	Mowtowr-e Ab Miran Jadgal (Persian: موتوراب ميران جدگال‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Āb Mīrān Jadgāl) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Ab Miran Jadgal	Iran
country	Qeshlaq-e Najaf Khanlu (Persian: قشلاق نجف خانلو‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Najaf Khānlū; also known as Najaf Khānlū) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Najaf Khanlu	Iran
country	Marymount Academy (commonly referred to as Marymount) is a public secondary school in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Marymount Academy	Canada
country	Matjhabeng Local Municipality is an administrative area in the Lejweleputswa District of the Free State in South Africa, that includes the city of Welkom.	Matjhabeng Local Municipality	South Africa
country	Kaniv Hydroelectric Power Plant is a hydroelectricity generating complex on the Dnieper River in Kaniv, Ukraine.	Kaniv Hydroelectric Power Plant	Ukraine
country	Vrh pri Križu (pronounced (ˈʋəɾx pɾi ˈkɾiːʒu)) is a village in the Municipality of Žužemberk in southeastern Slovenia.	Vrh pri Križu	Slovenia
country	The South Western Ghats moist deciduous forests is a tropical moist broadleaf forest ecoregion of southern India.	South Western Ghats moist deciduous forests	India
country	The Northern Styrian Alps (Steirische Nordalpen in German) is the proposed name for a subdivision of mountain ranges in a new, as yet unadopted, classification of the Alps, located in Austria.	Northern Styrian Alps	Austria
country	Ghaseetpur Sohalian is a village in Mirpur (District of Azad Kashmir) Pakistan.	Ghaseetpur Sohalian	Pakistan
country	Maradankulama or Maradankulam is village situated within the North Western Province of Sri Lanka.	Maradankulama	Sri Lanka
country	West Cracroft Island is an island in the Johnstone Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada, located east of Port McNeill.	West Cracroft Island	Canada
country	Arclin (pronounced (aɾtsˈliːn)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia.	Arclin	Slovenia
country	The Åland Social Democrats (Swedish: Ålands Socialdemokrater) is a social-democratic political party in the Åland Islands.	Åland Social Democrats	Åland Islands
country	The Toitū Otago Settlers Museum is a regional history museum in Dunedin, New Zealand.	Toitū Otago Settlers Museum	New Zealand
country	Gampo-eup is an eup or a town of Gyeongju in South Korea.	Gampo-eup	South Korea
country	Jatli (Urdu: جاتلى‎) is a town in Gujar Khan Tehsil, Punjab, Pakistan.	Jatli	Pakistan
country	Qila Mihan Singh, is a town of Gujranwala District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Qila Mihan Singh	Pakistan
country	Before the opening of the Zeiss Museum of Optics in Oberkochen in 2014, the Optical Museum Jena was the only museum of its kind in Germany.	Optical Museum Jena	Germany
country	Houtkerque (from Dutch: Houtkerke) is a communes in the Nord department in northern France.	Houtkerque	France
country	Mazraeh-ye Bideh (Persian: مزرعه بيده‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Bīdeh; also known as Bīdeh) is a village in Bafruiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Meybod County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,366, in 352 families.	Mazraeh-ye Bideh	Iran
country	Yecla is a town and municipality in eastern Spain, in the extreme north of the autonomous community of Murcia, located 96 km from the capital of the region, Murcia.	Yecla	Spain
country	Government Emerson College Multan is located in the city of Multan in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Government Emerson College	Pakistan
country	Zgornje Gorje (pronounced (ˈzɡoːɾnjɛ ˈɡɔːɾjɛ)) is a village and the administrative centre of the Municipality of Gorje in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Zgornje Gorje	Slovenia
country	Aeropelican Air Services Pty Ltd was a regional airline based in Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia.	Aeropelican Air Services	Australia
country	Antirrio (Greek: Αντίρριο, pronounced (aˈndirio), Latin: Antirrhium) is a town and a former municipality in Aetolia-Acarnania, West Greece, Greece.	Antirrio	Greece
country	Fantoft Stave Church (Norwegian: Fantoft stavkirke) is a reconstructed stave church in the Fana borough of the city of Bergen, Norway.	Fantoft Stave Church	Norway
country	Mazraeh-ye Moruji (Persian: مزرعه مروجي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Morūjī) is a village in Jangal Rural District, in the Central District of Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 88, in 20 families.	Mazraeh-ye Moruji	Iran
country	Epitalio (Greek: Επιτάλιο, before 1927: Αγουλινίτσα - Agoulinitsa) is a town and a community in the municipal unit of Volakas, Elis, Greece.	Epitalio	Greece
country	São José Esporte Clube, usually called São José, and nicknamed Eagle of the Valley (Águia do Vale), is the main football (soccer) team in São José dos Campos, Brazil.	São José Esporte Clube	Brazil
country	Haus or Hausvik is a village in Osterøy municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Hausvik	Norway
country	Rombly is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais département in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.	Rombly	France
country	Nelson Mandela Academic Hospital is a large Provincial government funded hospital situated in central Mthatha in South Africa.	Nelson Mandela Academic Hospital	South Africa
country	Sheykh Vajim (Persian: شيخ وجيم‎, also Romanized as Sheykh Vajīm; also known as Sheykhowjīm and Sheykh Vajam) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Sheykh Vajim	Iran
country	Urkiola Natural Park is a protected area located in the southeastern corner of Biscay and Álava in the northern Basque Country, Spain.	Urkiola Natural Park	Spain
country	Güləbatlı (also, Qüləbatlı) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Güləbatlı	Azerbaijan
country	Bugok township, also known as Bugok Hot Springs (부곡온천, 釜谷溫泉), is a natural Hot Springs and tourist area located in the Bugok township (부곡면) of Changnyeong County, South Gyeongsang Province, in South Korea.	Bugok	South Korea
country	Qeshlaq-e Aramaneh (Persian: قشلاق ارامنه‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Arāmaneh) is a village in Nowjeh Mehr Rural District, Siah Rud District, Jolfa County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Aramaneh	Iran
country	Rovaniemi ( pronunciation ) is a city and municipality of Finland.	Rovaniemi	Finland
country	The Brunswick Heads Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve located in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, Australia.	Brunswick Heads Nature Reserve	Australia
country	Siam Center (Thai: สยามเซนเตอร์) is a shopping center in Bangkok, Thailand.	Siam Center	Thailand
country	Ad Duwaykah is a village in Muscat, in northeastern Oman.	Ad Duwaykah	Oman
country	Divčibare (Serbian Cyrillic: Дивчибаре, pronounced (dǐv̞tʃibarɛ)) is a town and mountain resort situated on the mountain Maljen (1104m) in western Serbia, south-east of Valjevo, at the altitude of 980 metres above sea level.	Divčibare	Serbia
country	Helsingør Custom House (Danish: Helsingør Toldkammer) is a former custom house situated next to Helsingør station in central Helsingør, Denmark.	Helsingør Custom House	Denmark
country	Tusculum is a ruined Roman city in the Alban Hills, in the Latium region of Italy.	Tusculum	Italy
country	Veliki Otok (pronounced (ˈʋeːliki ˈɔːtɔk); Italian: Ottocco Grande) is a village north of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Veliki Otok	Slovenia
country	Nónfjall is a 367 metre high mountain on the island Vágar in the Faroe Islands, the mountain is located south of the village of Sørvágur, near Vágar Airport and east of the mountain Høgafjall.	Nónfjall	Faroe Islands
country	Wattay International Airport (IATA: VTE, ICAO: VLVT) is one of the few international airports in Laos.	Wattay International Airport	Laos
country	Gözbarax (also, Gözparaq and Gëzbarakh) is a village and municipality in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Gözbarax	Azerbaijan
country	Karlskär is a village (smaller locality) on the Lake Mälaren island of Färingsö, Ekerö Municipality, Stockholm County, Sweden.	Karlskär	Sweden
country	Khemchik River (Russian: Хемчик) is a river in Tuva in Russia, a left tributary of the Yenisey River.	Khemchik River	Russia
country	Blyansk (Russian: Блянск) is a village in Gdovsky District of Pskov Oblast, Russia.	Blyansk	Russia
country	The Kara-Jygach Rocks is a nature monument located in Aksy District of Jalal-Abad Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Kara-Jygach Rocks	Kyrgyzstan
country	The Château de Viverols is a castle in Viverols in the Puy-de-Dôme département of France.	Château de Viverols	France
country	Kani Guzlah (Persian: كاني گوزله‎, also Romanized as Kānī Gūzlah; also known as Kānī Kūzlah) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Mahali Rural District, Simmineh District, Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kani Guzlah	Iran
country	The Uri Alps (German: Urner Alps) are a mountain range in Central Switzerland and part of the Western Alps.	Uri Alps	Switzerland
country	Khoni (Georgian: ხონი) is a town in the Western Georgian region (mkhare) of Imereti with the population of 11,300 (2002 Georgia census).	Khoni	Georgia
country	The Port of Cape Town is the port of the city of Cape Town, South Africa.	Port of Cape Town	South Africa
country	Helios Arena, originally known as Eisstadion am Bauchenberg, is an arena in Villingen-Schwenningen, Germany.	Helios Arena	Germany
country	Le Petit-Bornand-les-Glières, commonly referred to as Petit-Bornand, is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.	Le Petit-Bornand-les-Glières	France
country	Te Mata Peak is a peak south of Hastings rising up to 399m in the Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand.	Te Mata Peak	New Zealand
country	In 2015, United Kingdom Hip-Hop MC Dirty Dike released his fourth full length album which included a track entitled 'Isleham Swamp'.	Isleham	United Kingdom
country	DC Hill Zunheboto (Pron:/ˌzʌnˈhiːbəʊtəʊ/) is a Colony and a town area committee in Zunheboto in the state of Nagaland, India.	DC Hill Zunheboto	India
country	Padawala is a village in Padiyathalawa DS division, Ampara District, Eastern Province, Sri Lanka.	Padawala	Sri Lanka
country	Mpofu Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in Eastern Cape Province, South Africa that is managed by Eastern Cape Parks.	Mpofu Nature Reserve	South Africa
country	Sörup (Danish: Sørup) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Sörup	Germany
country	Cape Turnagain is a prominent headland on the east coast of New Zealand's North Island, part way between Hawke Bay and Cook Strait, between the mouths of the Porangahau and Akitio Rivers.	Cape Turnagain	New Zealand
country	The People's Party for Reconstruction and Democracy (Parti du Peuple pour la Reconstruction et la Démocratie (PPRD)) is a center-left political party of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	People's Party for Reconstruction and Democracy	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Homs (/hɔːms/; Arabic: حمص‎ / ALA-LC: Ḥimṣ), previously known as Emesa (Greek: Ἔμεσα Emesa), is a city in western Syria and the capital of the Homs Governorate.	Homs	Syria
country	Camborne railway station serves the town of Camborne, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Camborne railway station	United Kingdom
country	Sean Ross Abbey south of Roscrea in County Tipperary, Ireland is a convent and the location of St Anne's Special School run by the Sisters of the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary.	Sean Ross Abbey	Ireland
country	Midtgulen is a fjord in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Midtgulen	Norway
country	Grigoropolisskaya (Russian: Григорополисская) is a rural locality (a stanitsa) in Novoalexandrovsky District of Stavropol Krai, Russia, located near the Kuban River.	Grigoropolisskaya	Russia
country	The Waitahaia River is a river in the Waiapu Valley of the Gisborne Region of New Zealand's North Island.	Waitahaia River	New Zealand
country	Cerkljanska Dobrava (pronounced (tsɛɾˈkljaːnska dɔˈbɾaːʋa); German: Dobrawa bei Zirklach) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Cerkljanska Dobrava	Slovenia
country	Lüderitz Railway Station (German: Bahnhof Lüderitz) is a railway station serving the town of Lüderitz in Namibia.	Lüderitz Railway Station	Namibia
country	The Assar Lindbeck Medal is a bi-annual award given to the economist(s) in Sweden under the age of 45 whose work have gained the most international recognition.	Assar Lindbeck Medal	Sweden
country	Rosslau (in German orthography: Roßlau) was until 30 June 2007 a town in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany, belonging to the district Anhalt-Zerbst.	Roßlau	Germany
country	Big Rock Falls is a 150-foot waterfall on Privassion River, in the Mountain Pine Ridge Forest Reserve of the Cayo District of Belize.	Big Rock Falls	Belize
country	France and the Comoros claim the Banc du Geyser as part of their exclusive economic zone (EEZ).	Banc du Geyser	France
country	Toulépleu is a town in the far west of Ivory Coast, near the border with Liberia.	Toulépleu	Ivory Coast
country	Puiggròs (pronounced: (putʃˈɡɾɔs)) is a village in the province of Lleida and autonomous community of Catalonia, Spain.	Puiggròs	Spain
country	The Mnjikaning Fish Weirs are one of the oldest human developments in Canada.	Mnjikaning Fish Weirs	Canada
country	Barisal (Bengali: বরিশাল Bariśāl; historically Bakla-Chandradwip; also Gird-e-Bandar) is a major city that lies on the bank of Kirtankhola river in south-central Bangladesh.	Barisal	Bangladesh
country	Summercourt fair is a Charter fair held annually in Summercourt, a village five miles (8 km) south-east of Newquay in Cornwall, United Kingdom.	Summercourt fair	United Kingdom
country	The Port of Huanghua, also known as the Port of Cangzhou Huanghua is an artificial deep-water international seaport on the coast of Huanghua, Cangzhou Prefecture, Hebei, People's Republic of China.	Port of Huanghua	People's Republic of China
country	The Elm-Lappwald Nature Park (German: Naturpark Elm-Lappwald) is a nature park in southwest Lower Saxony, east of Brunswick in central Germany.	Elm-Lappwald Nature Park	Germany
country	Sarab Pardeh (Persian: سرابپرده‎‎, also Romanized as Sarāb Pardeh and Sarāb-e Pardeh) is a village in Dehpir Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sarab Pardeh	Iran
country	Westland Tai Poutini National Park is located on the western coast of New Zealand's South Island.	Westland Tai Poutini National Park	New Zealand
country	Burgäschisee is a lake near Aeschi in Switzerland, on the border of the cantons of Berne and Solothurn.	Burgäschisee	Switzerland
country	Borawli is a stratovolcano with lava domes, located in Administrative Zone 2 of the Afar Region, Ethiopia.	Borawli	Ethiopia
country	Bronowo-Zalesie (brɔˈnɔvɔ zaˈlɛɕɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bronowo-Zalesie	Poland
country	FOSDEM is held annually, usually during the first weekend of February, at the Université Libre de Bruxelles Solbosch campus in the southeast of Brussels, Belgium.	FOSDEM	Belgium
country	Stadtlohn is a town in the north-west of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, part of the district Borken.	Stadtlohn	Germany
country	Ağabağı (also, Agabagy) is a village and municipality in the Zardab Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ağabağı	Azerbaijan
country	It was initially commissioned as INS Jarawa II. On 11 May 1985, the air station was formally commissioned as INS Utkrosh by then Defence Minister of India, P. V. Narasimha Rao, making it the first naval air station in Andaman & Nicobar Islands.	INS Utkrosh	India
country	Arčelca (pronounced (aɾˈtʃeːu̯tsa)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Arčelca	Slovenia
country	The Didinga Hills are an upland area in Eastern Equatoria state of South Sudan, lying mainly within Budi County.	Didinga Hills	South Sudan
country	The Jardin botanique de Mont Cenis is an alpine botanical garden located on Mont Cenis above the town of Lanslebourg-Mont-Cenis, Savoie, Rhône-Alpes, France.	Jardin botanique de Mont Cenis	France
country	Gol Sheykh (Persian: گل شيخ‎) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District, Qalandarabad District, Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gol Sheykh	Iran
country	Białowoda (bjawɔˈvɔda) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Białowoda	Poland
country	Damascus (Arabic: دمشق‎ Dimashq IPA: (ˈdiːmaːʃq)) is the capital and the second-largest city of Syria after Aleppo.	Damascus	Syria
country	Gudermessky District (Russian: Гудерме́сский райо́н; Chechen: Гуьмсен кӏошт) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the fifteen in the Chechen Republic, Russia.	Gudermessky District	Russia
country	Changchun Normal University (Chinese: 长春师范大学; pinyin: Chángchūn Shīfàn Dàxué; originally Changhun Teacher's College) is a university in Changchun, Jilin province, People's Republic of China.	Changchun Normal University	People's Republic of China
country	Bapunagar is a neighbourhood in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India.	Bapunagar	India
country	Mount Leonard Murray is a mountain in Papua New Guinea in central New Guinea.	Mount Leonard Murray	Papua New Guinea
country	The Municipality of Krško is a municipality in eastern Slovenia.	Municipality of Krško	Slovenia
country	Nizamabad Airport is a proposed airport near Jakranpalli in Telangana, India.	Nizamabad Airport	India
country	Besh-Tash Lake (Kyrgyz: Беш Таш) is a rock-dammed lake in Talas Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Besh-Tash Lake	Kyrgyzstan
country	Unlike most other marathons, but like all races in France, the Paris Marathon requires a doctor's note no more than a year old, stating that there is ``no contraindication to competitive running''.	Paris Marathon	France
country	Sandal Malus (Persian: سندل ملوس‎, also Romanized as Sandal Malūs) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sandal Malus	Iran
country	Brunslar was a short-lived municipality in North Hessen, in the now-extinct district of Melsungen, Germany.	Brunslar	Germany
country	Carrara-Avenza railway station, also known simply as Carrara or Avenza, is a railway station of the city of Carrara, Italy.	Carrara-Avenza railway station	Italy
country	Boralanda (බොරලන්ද in Sinhala language) is a rural town in Sri Lanka.	Boralanda	Sri Lanka
country	Estalaj (Persian: استلج‎, also Romanized as Estelaj; also known as Astalach and Astlaj) is a village in Shahidabad Rural District, Avaj District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Estalaj	Iran
country	The Marisma de Hinojos is a salt marsh about 50 km north of the city of Cadiz, It is in the province of Huelva, in the autonomous region of Andalusia, Spain.	Marisma de Hinojos	Spain
country	Veliki Rakitovec (pronounced ('ʋeːliki ɾaˈkiːtɔʋəts); German: Großrakitowitz) is a small settlement of a few farms in the hills south of the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Veliki Rakitovec	Slovenia
country	Bennett, British Columbia, Canada is an abandoned town next to Bennett Lake.	Bennett, British Columbia	Canada
country	Kurmannapalem is a suburban area of the city of Visakhapatnam, India and belongs to the Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation.	Kurmannapalem	India
country	Étang de la Brienne (or Lac de Planèzes) is a lake of Luc-la-Primaube in Aveyron, France.	Étang de la Brienne	France
country	Still Brook Waterfall flows onto Black Brook Beach, a popular swimming and picnic site on the Cabot Trail in the Cape Breton Highlands National Park, 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of Ingonish, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Still Brook Waterfall	Canada
country	Quattro Canti, officially known as Piazza Vigliena, is a Baroque square in Palermo, Sicily, southern Italy.	Quattro Canti	Italy
country	Ali Sabieh (Somali: Cali Sabiix, Arabic: علي صبيح‎) is the second largest city in Djibouti.	Ali Sabieh	Djibouti
country	Katikati is a town in New Zealand (North Island) located on the Uretara Stream near a tidal inlet towards the northern end of Tauranga Harbour, 28 kilometres south of Waihi and 40 kilometres northwest of Tauranga.	Katikati	New Zealand
country	Heddal Open Air Museum (Heddal bygdetun) is an open-air museum located in the village of Heddal at Notodden in Telemark, Norway.	Heddal Open Air Museum	Norway
country	San José La Arada (Spanish pronunciation: (saŋ xoˈse la aɾaða)) is a municipality in the Chiquimula department of Guatemala.	San José La Arada	Guatemala
country	The Warsaw University of Life Sciences (Polish: Szkoła Główna Gospodarstwa Wiejskiego, SGGW, literally ``main school of rural economy'') is the largest agricultural university in Poland.	Warsaw University of Life Sciences	Poland
country	Żurominek (ʐurɔˈminɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniewo, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Żurominek	Poland
country	The Jardins de Coursiana, also known as the Arboretum Coursiana, are botanical gardens with an arboretum (6 hectares) located in La Romieu, Gers, Midi-Pyrénées, France.	Jardins de Coursiana	France
country	Rumbur (Kalasha: Rukmu) is one of the three Kalasha valleys situated in Chitral District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.	Rumbur	Pakistan
country	Ripoll (Catalan pronunciation: (riˈpoʎ)) is the capital of the comarca of Ripollès, in the province of Girona, Catalonia, Spain.	Ripoll	Spain
country	Lake Elmenteita, also spelled Elementaita, is a soda lake, in the Great Rift Valley, about 120 km northwest of Nairobi, Kenya.	Lake Elmenteita	Kenya
country	Bovec (pronounced (ˈbɔːvəts) or (ˈboːvəts); Italian: Plezzo, German: Flitsch, Friulian: Plèz) is a town in the Littoral region in northwestern Slovenia, close to border with Italy.	Bovec	Slovenia
country	Chahkin (Persian: چاهكين‎, also Romanized as Chāhkīn; also known as Chāh Gīn and Chākīn) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chahkin	Iran
country	Scharhörn is an uninhabited island in the North Sea belonging to the city of Hamburg, Germany.	Scharhörn	Germany
country	Arendalsfeltet is a geologic province in Norway, between Fevik and Tvedestrand in the county of Aust-Agder, mainly situated within the borders of Arendal.	Arendalsfeltet	Norway
country	Lake Waitaki is the smallest, oldest and farthest downstream of the three man-made lakes of the Waitaki hydroelectric project in New Zealand's South Island.	Lake Waitaki	New Zealand
country	Dachauer Straße is a street in Maxvorstadt and Moosach, Munich, Bavaria, Germany.	Dachauer Straße	Germany
country	Zaidal (Arabic: زيدل‎, also spelled Zaydal) is a town in the Homs Governorate of central Syria, just east of Homs, forming a part of its suburbs.	Zaidal	Syria
country	Odense Zoo is a zoological garden in Odense, Denmark.	Odense Zoo	Denmark
country	UWA Sports Park is a multi-purpose sporting and recreation reserve in Mount Claremont, Western Australia.	UWA Sports Park	Australia
country	The Ñuble River or Rio Ñuble is a river of the province of Ñuble, located in southern Chile in the Bío Bío Region.	Ñuble River	Chile
country	The Parti Bersatu Rakyat Sabah or PBRS (United Sabah People's Party) is a minor political party based in Sabah, Malaysia.	Parti Bersatu Rakyat Sabah	Malaysia
country	Espoo (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈespoː); Swedish: Esbo, (ˈɛsbo)) is the second largest city and municipality in Finland.	Espoo	Finland
country	Mount Hombori (Hombori Tondo) is a mountain in Mali's Mopti Region, near the town of Hombori.	Mount Hombori	Mali
country	Istmo de Tehuantepec is the largest region in the state of Oaxaca, Mexico.	Istmo de Tehuantepec	Mexico
country	Larslejsstræde is a street in the Latin Quarter of central Copenhagen, Denmark.	Larslejsstræde	Denmark
country	Lignan-sur-Orb is a commune in the Hérault département in the Languedoc-Roussillon region in southern France.	Lignan-sur-Orb	France
country	Pan-Asia International School, or PAIS, is an International School located in Prawet District, Bangkok, Thailand, and a member of the International Schools Association of Thailand (ISAT).	Pan-Asia International School	Thailand
country	Makuti is a small village in Mashonaland West province, Zimbabwe.	Makuti	Zimbabwe
country	Javanmardi (Persian: جوانمردي‎, also Romanized as Javānmardī) is a village in Javanmardi Rural District, Khanmirza District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Javanmardi	Iran
country	Convento de Santa Cruz do Buçaco is a former Carmelite monastery in the Mata Nacional do Buçaco (Buçaco forest) protected forest of the Serra do Buçaco, Portugal.	Convento de Santa Cruz do Buçaco	Portugal
country	The Udarser Wiek is a bay on Germany's Baltic Sea coast, about 8 km² in area, between the islands of Rügen in the north and Ummanz in the south.	Udarser Wiek	Germany
country	Solvay Castle (French: Château Solvay, also called Château de La Hulpe), is a château located in the municipality of La Hulpe, Walloon Brabant, Belgium.	Solvay Castle	Belgium
country	The Eastern Suburbs Tigers are a rugby league club based at Langlands Park, which is in the suburb of Coorparoo in Brisbane, Australia.	Eastern Suburbs Tigers	Australia
country	Yeungnam High School is a school that is in Daegu, South Korea.	Yeungnam High School	South Korea
country	Struer Municipality is a municipality (Danish, kommune) in Central Denmark Region on the Jutland Peninsula in west Denmark.	Struer Municipality	Denmark
country	The Pakistan Army General Headquarters attack (Codename: Operation Janbaz; Urdu: فوجی آپریشن جانباز‎), was a hostage-rescue mission carried by SSG Division during which, on 10 October 2009, when 10 gunmen in military uniform opened fire on the General Headquarters in Rawalpindi, Punjab, Pakistan.	Operation Janbaz	Pakistan
country	The Deutsches Elektronen-Synchrotron (English German Electron Synchrotron) commonly referred to by the abbreviation DESY, is a national research center in Germany that operates particle accelerators used to investigate the structure of matter.	DESY	Germany
country	Cheonggyesan Station is a railway station in Seoul, South Korea, on the Seoul Metropolitan Subway-operated Shinbundang Line.	Cheonggyesan Station	South Korea
country	The Islamic Renaissance Movement (Arabic: حركة النهضة الاسلامية‎, Ḥarakat An-Nahḑa Al-Islāmiyya; French: Mouvement de la Renaissance Islamique, MRI) is a moderate Islamist political party of Algeria.	Islamic Renaissance Movement	Algeria
country	Perali is a small village located 7.9 km away from Bapatla, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Perali	India
country	Godar Pir-e Sofla (Persian: گدارپيرسفلي‎, also Romanized as Godār Pīr-e Soflá; also known as Godārpey-ye Soflá) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Godar Pir-e Sofla	Iran
country	The Mid Murray Football Association was an Australian rules football competition based in the western Riverland region of South Australia, Australia.	Mid Murray Football Association	Australia
country	Gergeti Trinity Church (Georgian: წმინდა სამება - Tsminda Sameba) is a popular name for Holy Trinity Church near the village of Gergeti in Georgia.	Gergeti Trinity Church	Georgia
country	Kangar Bypass, or Jalan Padang Behor, Federal Route 186, is a federal road bypass in Kangar, Perlis, Malaysia.	Kangar Bypass	Malaysia
country	Powodów Pierwszy (pɔˈvɔduf ˈpjɛrfʂɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wartkowice, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Powodów Pierwszy	Poland
country	Woerden (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈʋurdən)) is a city and a municipality in the central Netherlands.	Woerden	Netherlands
country	Kürdəxanı (also, Kurdakhani) is a settlement and municipality in Sabunçu district of Baku, Azerbaijan.	Kürdəxanı	Azerbaijan
country	The Bijbels Museum (``Biblical Museum'') is a museum on the Herengracht in Amsterdam housing a collection of Bibles and other religious objects from the Judeo-Christian tradition, including the oldest Bible printed in the Netherlands (the 1477 Delftse Bijbel,) and a first edition of the 1637 Dutch Authorised Version.	Bijbels Museum	Netherlands
country	Adami Tullu (also spelled Adami Tulu; Oromo, ``Euphorbia hill'') is a town in central Ethiopia.	Adami Tullu	Ethiopia
country	Mets Gilanlar (also, Mets-Gilaylar, Bol’shoy Gilanlar, and Gilanlar) is a hamlet in the Ararat Province of Armenia.	Mets Gilanlar	Armenia
country	Ghinnir Airport (IATA: GNN, ICAO: HAGH), also known as Ginir Airport, is an airport serving Ghinnir, Ethiopia.	Ghinnir Airport	Ethiopia
country	Łańcut Castle is a complex of buildings located in Łańcut, Poland.	Łańcut Castle	Poland
country	Jam kalyanpur is a village and administrative division in Jamnagar district, Gujarat, India.	Jam kalyanpur	India
country	Haneuljae, also known as Gyerimnyeong (계립령/鷄立嶺) is a mountain pass in the Sobaek Mountains of central South Korea.	Haneuljae	South Korea
country	Tálknafjörður is a fjord located in southern Westfjords between Patreksfjörður and Bildudalur in Iceland.	Tálknafjörður	Iceland
country	The medieval manor of Årsmarke, with its more than 300 years of history, was once Denmark's largest private estate; it is now part of Knuthenborg Safaripark.	Knuthenborg	Denmark
country	The Tauber Valley Railway (German: Taubertalbahn) is a single-tracked, unelectrified, standard gauge railway between Wertheim and Crailsheim in the state of Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany.	Tauber Valley Railway	Germany
country	Lagoon Cove, British Columbia, Canada, is located between East and West Cracroft Islands in the inside passage between Vancouver Island and the North American mainland.	Lagoon Cove, British Columbia	Canada
country	Luvianos is a small town and municipality located in the southwest of the State of Mexico.	Luvianos	Mexico
country	Tennyson Inlet, (New Zealand) is the western arm of Pelorus Sound in the Marlborough Sounds.	Tennyson Inlet	New Zealand
country	Navai (Persian: نوايي‎, also Romanized as Navā’ī) is a village in Valdian Rural District, Ivughli District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Navai	Iran
country	According to its name, the Cantonal School of Graubünden is a school for the whole canton, and it is the only school in the whole of Switzerland where three languages must be used (German, Italian, Romansh).	Cantonal School of Graubünden	Switzerland
country	Oberdollendorf is a municipal district of Königswinter, a city in the Rhein-Sieg district, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Oberdollendorf	Germany
country	Landshut (Bavarian: Landsad) is a town in Bavaria in the south-east of Germany, belonging to both Eastern and Southern Bavaria.	Landshut	Germany
country	Be Quick 1887 is a football club from Groningen, the Netherlands.	Be Quick 1887	Netherlands
country	The Liri Blues Festival, founded in 1988, is one of the main blues music festivals in Italy.	Liri Blues Festival	Italy
country	Botulu (Russian: Ботулу; Yakut: Боотулу) is a rural locality (a selo), the administrative centre of and one of two settlements, in addition to Kyotyordyokh, in Botulunsky Rural Okrug of Verkhnevilyuysky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia.	Botulu	Russia
country	Kesht Zaran (Persian: كشت زاران‎, also Romanized as Kesht Zārān) is a village in Pishkuh-e Mugui Rural District, in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Kesht Zaran	Iran
country	Mamountali (Greek: Μαμούνταλη) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 3 km west of Pano Panagia.	Mamountali	Cyprus
country	Nicholas Tower, situated on Independence Square, Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago is the second tallest building in Trinidad and Tobago.	Nicholas Tower	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Gamtoos River or Gamptoos River is a river in the Eastern Cape Province, South Africa.	Gamtoos River	South Africa
country	Chah Anjir-e Golowrubat (Persian: چاه انجيرگلوروباط‎, also Romanized as Chāh Anjīr-e Golowrūbāṭ; also known as Chāh Anjīr) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District, in the Central District of Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Chah Anjir-e Golowrubat	Iran
country	Boghiston (Persian: باغستان‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Boghiston	Tajikistan
country	Krmačina (pronounced (kəɾˈmaːtʃina)) is a small settlement east of Drašiči in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia, right on the border with Croatia.	Krmačina	Slovenia
country	Singtel Optus Pty Limited is the second largest telecommunications company in Australia.	Optus	Australia
country	The Vélodrome de Bordeaux is a velodrome in Bordeaux, France.	Vélodrome de Bordeaux	France
country	Rimbija Island is the northernmost island of the Wessel Islands group in the Northern Territory of Australia.	Rimbija Island	Australia
country	Dindayalpur is a village situated in Siwan district of Bihar state, India.	Dindayalpur	India
country	Piotrków-Kolonia (ˈpjɔtrkuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Piotrków-Kolonia	Poland
country	There are a range of European institutions in Strasbourg (France), the oldest of which dates back to 1815.	European institutions in Strasbourg	France
country	Đồng Nai Bridge (Vietnamese: Cầu Đồng Nai) is an important road bridge towards the south of the city of Biên Hòa in Vietnam.	Đồng Nai Bridge	Vietnam
country	Poznań Town Hall or Ratusz is a historic building in the city of Poznań in western Poland, located at the Poznań Old Town in the centre of Old Market Square (Stary Rynek).	Poznań Town Hall	Poland
country	Tokoroa Aerodrome (IATA: TKZ, ICAO: NZTO) is a public aerodrome owned by the South Waikato District Council and is located one nautical mile east-southeast of Tokoroa township in the Waikato Region of New Zealand	Tokoroa Aerodrome	New Zealand
country	The Chue Chin Hua Company Ltd. is one of the leading aluminium cookware and metal producing group companies in Thailand.	Chue Chin Hua	Thailand
country	Mojsiki (mɔi̯ˈɕiki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Mojsiki	Poland
country	Lake Syamozero (Russian: Сямозеро, Finnish: Säämäjärvi, Karelian: Seämärvi) is a large freshwater lake in the Republic of Karelia, northwestern part of Russia.	Lake Syamozero	Russia
country	The Alexandria Zoo is a zoo close to the Smouha neighborhood in Alexandria, Egypt.	Alexandria Zoo	Egypt
country	The Waldsteinburg, also called the Red Castle (German: Rotes Schloss) is a ruined castle on the summit of the Großer Waldstein in the Fichtel Mountains of Germany.	Waldsteinburg	Germany
country	Montecatini Val di Cecina is a small hilltown and comune in the province of Pisa in Tuscany (central Italy).	Montecatini Val di Cecina	Italy
country	The Canton of Les Aix-d'Angillon is a former canton in the Cher département and in the Centre region of France.	Canton of Les Aix-d'Angillon	France
country	Sree Maha Ganapathi Temple, Pazhavangadi is a famous Ganesha temple located at Pazhavangadi, Kerala, India.	Sree Maha Ganapathi Temple, Pazhavangadi	India
country	Wiñaymarka Lake (also: Huiñaymarca) is the southern branch of Lake Titicaca in Bolivia and Peru.	Wiñaymarka Lake	Bolivia	Peru
country	Grzeboszowice (ɡʐɛbɔʂɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German Greboschowitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd, within Strzelce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Grzeboszowice	Poland
country	Pentewan (Cornish: Bentewyn, meaning foot of the radiant stream) is a coastal village and former port in south Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Pentewan	United Kingdom
country	Sidi Bou Said (Tunisian Arabic: سيدي بو سعيد‎ Sīdi Bū Sɛīd) a town in northern Tunisia located about 20 km from the capital, Tunis.	Sidi Bou Said	Tunisia
country	Jowzdan (Persian: جوزدان‎, also Romanized as Jowzdān and Jūzdān; also known as Jazūn) is a city in the Central District of Najafabad County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Jowzdan	Iran
country	Riscos de Momostenango is an area of curiously shaped sandstone formations located in the municipality of Momostenango in Guatemala.	Riscos de Momostenango	Guatemala
country	Tarvasjoki (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈtɑrʋɑsˌjoki)) is a former municipality in the region of Southwest Finland, in Finland.	Tarvasjoki	Finland
country	Porto Carras (Greek: Πόρτο Καρράς), known as Porto Carras Grand Resort, is one of northern Greece's largest and most famous hotels and holiday resorts.	Porto Carras	Greece
country	Rinchnach Priory (Kloster Rinchnach) was a Benedictine house at Rinchnach in Bavaria, Germany.	Rinchnach Priory	Germany
country	The Battle of Tondibi was the decisive confrontation in Morocco's 16th-century invasion of the Songhai Empire.	Battle of Tondibi	Morocco
country	Marne (French pronunciation: ​(maʁn)) is a department in north-eastern France named after the river Marne (Matrona in Roman times) which flows through the department.	Marne	France
country	The Royal Institute of British Architects (RIBA) is a professional body for architects primarily in the United Kingdom, but also internationally, founded for the advancement of architecture under its charter granted in 1837 and Supplemental Charter granted in 1971.	Royal Institute of British Architects	United Kingdom
country	Central District (Sirik County) (Persian: بخش مرکزی شهرستان سیریک‎; meaning ``Desert'') is a district (bakhsh) in Sirik County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Central District (Sirik County)	Iran
country	The Nedonas (Greek: Νέδωνας, older form: Nedon) is a river Messenia, Peloponnese, Greece.	Nedonas	Greece
country	Ramu Cantonment (Bengali: রামু সেনানিবাস) is a cantonment located in Ramu of Cox's Bazar, Bangladesh.	Ramu Cantonment	Bangladesh
country	Husumer Mühlenau (danish: Husum Mølleå) is a river of Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Husumer Mühlenau	Germany
country	Valiabad Rural District (Persian: دهستان ولي آباد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Qarchak County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Valiabad Rural District	Iran
country	Sirri Island (Persian: جزیره سیری‎), is an island in the Persian Gulf belonging to Iran.	Sirri Island	Iran
country	Morarano Chrome is a town and commune (Malagasy: 'kaominina') in Madagascar.	Morarano Chrome	Madagascar
country	Stadio Ennio Tardini, commonly referred to as just Il Tardini, is a football stadium in Parma, Italy, located near the centre of Parma, between the town centre and the city walls.	Stadio Ennio Tardini	Italy
country	Refuge des Barmettes is a refuge in the Alps in France.	Refuge des Barmettes	France
country	Sosnowy (sɔsˈnɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbójna, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Sosnowy	Poland
country	According to its website ``Uniya seeks to focus attention and influence Government policy and public opinion on key justice and human rights issues in Australia and the Asia-Pacific region.	Uniya	Australia
country	Sandnes Station (Norwegian: Sandnes holdeplass) is a railway station located in the southern part of downtown Sandnes in Rogaland, Norway.	Sandnes Station	Norway
country	Dragodol (Serbian: Драгодол) is a village located in Osečina Municipality, Kolubara District, Serbia.	Dragodol	Serbia
country	Roihupellon teollisuusalue (Finnish), Kasåkers industriområde (Swedish) is an eastern neighborhood of Helsinki, Finland.	Roihupellon teollisuusalue	Finland
country	Bukwałd (ˈbukfau̯t) (German Gross Buchwalde) is a village in northern Poland.	Bukwałd	Poland
country	Casanay (10°30′18``N 63°24′46''W) is a town in the State of Sucre, Venezuela.	Casanay	Venezuela
country	Adichanallur is an archaeological site (Tamil:ஆதிச்சநல்லூர்) in Tirunelveli district in Tamil Nadu, India.	Adichanallur	India
country	The lowest recorded temperature in the United Kingdom has twice been recorded in the Cairngorms, at Braemar, where a temperature of −27.2 °C (−17.0 °F), was recorded on 11 February 1895 and 10 January 1982.	Cairngorms	United Kingdom
country	Lugau is a town in the district Erzgebirgskreis, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany and twinned with Smithfield in Ireland.	Lugau	Germany
country	The most remote airport in the world, Mataveri International Airport is 3,759 kilometres (2,336 mi) from Santiago, Chile (SCL) which has scheduled flights to it on the Chilean carrier LAN Airlines.	Mataveri International Airport	Chile
country	Dołuje (dɔˈwujɛ) (German: Neuenkirchen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra, within Police County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Dołuje	Poland
country	The British Accounting & Finance Association, is a learned society in the United Kingdom dedicated to advancing knowledge and understanding of education and research in all areas of accounting and finance, and to encouraging closer relations among teachers, accounting practitioners and others who are interested in the development of accounting and finance.	British Accounting & Finance Association	United Kingdom
country	The Protestant church of Gytsjerk or Saint Martin's church is a religious building in Gytsjerk, Netherlands, one of the numerous medieval churches in Friesland.	Protestant church of Gytsjerk	Netherlands
country	Labadee (French: Labadie) is a port located on the northern coast of Haiti.	Labadee	Haiti
country	Strektovo (Russian: Стректово) is a village in Gdovsky District of Pskov Oblast, Russia.	Strektovo	Russia
country	Zlatoličje (pronounced (zlatɔˈliːtʃjɛ)) is a village on the right bank of the Drava River southeast of Maribor in northeastern Slovenia.	Zlatoličje	Slovenia
country	Defence Raya Golf and Country Club (DRGCC) is a Golf resort in DHA, Lahore, Pakistan.	Defence Raya Golf and Country Club	Pakistan
country	Yepes is a villa (town) in the northern region of the province of Toledo, in the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha, Spain.	Yepes	Spain
country	Kabbe South is the easternmost of the eight electoral constituencies of Zambezi Region of Namibia.	Kabbe South	Namibia
country	Lilantia (Greek: Ληλάντια) is a former municipality in Euboea, Greece.	Lilantia	Greece
country	Elemir (Serbian Cyrillic: Елемир) is a village located in the Zrenjanin municipality, in the Central Banat District of Serbia.	Elemir	Serbia
country	Punta Colorada is a small peninsula (punta) and a resort (balneario) in the Maldonado Department of Uruguay.	Punta Colorada	Uruguay
country	German submarine U-521 was a Type IXC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. She was built by the Deutsche Werft yard at Finkenwerder, Hamburg with yard number 336.	German submarine U-521	Germany
country	The Paternkofel (Italian: Paterno; German: Paternkofel) is a mountain in the Dolomites on the border between South Tyrol and the Province of Belluno, Italy.	Paternkofel	Italy
country	Trewindle is a hamlet west of West Taphouse, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Trewindle	United Kingdom
country	Born auf dem Darß is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Rügen district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Born auf dem Darß	Germany
country	Glatved Beach is a coastline 10 km south of the town Grenaa in Denmark.	Glatved Beach	Denmark
country	The GR 36 is a long-distance walking route of the Grande Randonnée network in France.	GR 36	France
country	Valerianos (Greek: Βαλεριάνος) is a village and a community in the island of Cephalonia, Greece.	Valerianos	Greece
country	Sven Vintappares Gränd (Swedish: Sven Wine-Tapper's Alley) is a small alley in Gamla stan, the old town of Stockholm, Sweden.	Sven Vintappares Gränd	Sweden
country	Rusumo Bridge is an international bridge across the Kagera River linking Rwanda and Tanzania.	Rusumo Bridge	Tanzania
country	Kim Il-sung Military University (also known as Kim Il-sung Military Academy) is a university located in Mangyongdae-guyok, North Korea.	Kim Il-sung Military University	North Korea
country	René-Lévesque is a provincial electoral district in the Côte-Nord region of Quebec, Canada, which elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec.	René-Lévesque	Canada
country	Malacatán is a municipality in the San Marcos department of Guatemala, located to the west of San Marcos town.	Malacatán	Guatemala
country	Stružná, until 1949 Kysibl (German: Gießhübel) is a village and municipality in Karlovy Vary District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic.	Stružná	Czech Republic
country	Founded by Rabbi Meir Shapiro, the Chachmei Lublin Yeshiva, (Polish: Jesziwat Chachmei Lublin), was an important centre for Torah study in Poland.	Chachmei Lublin Yeshiva	Poland
country	The Stierbergsteich in the Harz Mountains of central Germany is a storage pond near Rothesütte on the boundary of the counties of Harz (Saxony-Anhalt) and Nordhausen (Thuringia).	Stierbergsteich	Germany
country	The Froschfelsen (``Frog Rocks'', 545 m above NN), also called the Froschsteinklippe, is a natural monument near Ilsenburg in the northern Harz in central Germany.	Froschfelsen	Germany
country	The Tamaulipan matorral is an ecoregion in the deserts and xeric shrublands biome on the eastern slopes of the Sierra Madre Oriental range in northeastern Mexico.	Tamaulipan matorral	Mexico
country	Located approximately 80 km to the South-West of Munich) in Nazi Germany, the camps were named ``Riederloh'' and ``Riederloh II'' respectively.	Riederloh	Germany
country	Akureyri Airport (Icelandic: Akureyrarflugvöllur) (IATA: AEY, ICAO: BIAR) is a single-runway international airport in Akureyri, Iceland located about 3 km south of the town center.	Akureyri Airport	Iceland
country	Rożniaty (rɔʐˈɲatɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Padew Narodowa, within Mielec County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Rożniaty	Poland
country	Sonvico (Sonvìch in Lombard Language) is a quarter of the city of Lugano and former municipality of the Lugano district in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.	Sonvico	Switzerland
country	Chah Mahki (Persian: چاه محكي‎, also Romanized as Chāh Maḩkī and Chāh Mahkī) is a village in Hana Rural District, Abadeh Tashk District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Chah Mahki	Iran
country	Kaffrine is the capital town of Kaffrine Region of Senegal.	Kaffrine	Senegal
country	Ampisikina or Ampisikinana is a town and commune (Malagasy: kaominina) in northern Madagascar.	Ampisikina	Madagascar
country	Mardan Palace is a luxury hotel in Lara, Antalya, Turkey, built by Azerbaijani businessman Telman Ismailov.	Mardan Palace	Turkey
country	Bulgan Airport (IATA: UGA, ICAO: ZMBN) is a public airport located in Bulgan, the capital of Bulgan Province in Mongolia.	Bulgan Airport	Mongolia
country	Bhoyare Gangarda is a typical village in Parner tehsil of Ahmednagar district, Maharashtra, India.	Bhoyare Gangarda	India
country	Falaba is a former town in the Solima area, Koinadugu District of the Northern Province of Sierra Leone.	Falaba	Sierra Leone
country	Velika Bukovica (pronounced (ˈʋeːlika ˈbuːkɔʋitsa); Italian: Bucovizza Grande) is a village southwest of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Velika Bukovica	Slovenia
country	Tatta Pani (Urdu: ٹاٹا پانی ‎) (also spelled Tattapani) is a village in Poonch District, Pakistan.	Tatta Pani	Pakistan
country	The Palazzo Grimani di Santa Maria Formosa is a palace in Venice, northern Italy.	Palazzo Grimani di Santa Maria Formosa	Italy
country	Dalla Hill (also spelled Dala) is a hill in Kano, Kano State, Nigeria.	Dalla Hill	Nigeria
country	The Lane Cove Tunnel is a A$1.1 billion, 3.6 km twin-tunnel tollway in Sydney, Australia, which connects the M2 Motorway at North Ryde with the Gore Hill Freeway at Artarmon.	Lane Cove Tunnel	Australia
country	Leányfalu is a riverside village in Pest county, Budapest metropolitan area, Hungary.	Leányfalu	Hungary
country	Collège Ahuntsic is a Francophone public college situated in the Ahuntsic-Cartierville borough of Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Collège Ahuntsic	Canada
country	Avenida Presidente Masaryk, a thoroughfare in the affluent Polanco neighborhood of Mexico City, is the city's most fashionable urban shopping street.	Avenida Presidente Masaryk	Mexico
country	The Wynnum Wading Pool is a heritage-listed tidal pool, located on the foreshore of Moreton Bay in the suburb of Wynnum, Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Wynnum Wading Pool	Australia
country	Macleans College is a co-educational state secondary school located in Eastern Beach, Auckland, New Zealand.	Macleans College	New Zealand
country	The Waitakere Ranges are a chain of hills in the Auckland Region, generally running approximately 25 km (15.5 mi) from north to south, 25 km west of central Auckland, New Zealand.	Waitakere Ranges	New Zealand
country	Wólka Dąbrowicka (ˈvulka dɔmbrɔˈvit͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wólka Dąbrowicka	Poland
country	The Argentine Industrial Union (Spanish: Unión Industrial Argentina, or, UIA) is the leading industrial employer federation and advocacy group in Argentina.	Argentine Industrial Union	Argentina
country	Junction Sheep Range Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located near the confluence of the Chilcotin and Fraser Rivers on the west bank of the latter river.	Junction Sheep Range Provincial Park	Canada
country	The Echo Klassik, often stylized as ECHO Klassik, is Germany's major classical music award in 26 nominations.	Echo Klassik	Germany
country	Ytterøy Church (Norwegian: Ytterøy kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Levanger in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Ytterøy Church	Norway
country	Salim Ali National Park or City Forest National Park was a national park located in Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir, India.	Salim Ali National Park	India
country	Lake Yojoa is the largest lake in Honduras with a surface area of 79 square kilometers (30.50 mi²) and an average depth of 15 meters (50 ft).	Lake Yojoa	Honduras
country	Emali is a fast growing town located along the Mombasa-Nairobi highway in Kenya's Makueni County.	Emali	Kenya
country	Balclutha Aerodrome (IATA: N/A, ICAO: NZBA) is a small airport 0.5 Nautical Miles (1 km) southeast of Balclutha township on the east coast of the South Island, New Zealand.	Balclutha Aerodrome	New Zealand
country	Kollines (Greek: Κολλίνες) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Skyritida, Arcadia, Greece.	Kollines	Greece
country	Mellieħa (Maltese: il-Mellieħa (ɪl mɛˈlːɪːħɐ)) is a large village or small town in the Northern Region of Malta.	Mellieħa	Malta
country	Lod Railway Station is an Israel Railways station in Lod, Israel, served by most railway lines of Israel Railways.	Lod Railway Station	Israel
country	The Manuela Beltrán University (Spanish: Universidad Manuelta Beltrán), also called UMB, is a private, coeducational university based in the city of Bogotá, Colombia.	Manuela Beltrán University	Colombia
country	Sarahrud (Persian: سرهرود‎, also Romanized as Sarahrūd; also known as Sārārūd) is a village in Mazraeh Now Rural District, in the Central District of Ashtian County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Sarahrud	Iran
country	Gierzwałd (ˈɡʲɛʐvau̯t) (German Geyerswalde) is a village in Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gierzwałd	Poland
country	Cumberland House Airport, (TC LID: CJT4), is located 0.7 nautical miles (1.3 km) west of Cumberland House, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Cumberland House Airport	Canada
country	CKON-FM is a pirate radio station located in Akwesasne, a Mohawk nation territory that straddles the Canada-United States border (and also, on the Canadian side, the interprovincial border between Quebec and Ontario).	CKON-FM	Canada
country	Segheng (Persian: سغنگ‎; also known as Saghīnak and Seghīng) is a village in Soghan Rural District, Soghan District, Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Segheng	Iran
country	Kamineni Institute of Medical Sciences (KIMS) is a private medical college associated with a 1050 bedded super-speciality teaching Hospital located in Narketpally village, Nalgonda District, Telangana state of India on NH9 about 80 kilometers (50 miles) from the city of Hyderabad.	Kamineni Institute of Medical Sciences	India
country	Toura is a town and arrondissement in the Alibori Department of northern Benin.	Toura	Benin
country	Fort Widley is one of the forts built on top of Portsdown Hill between 1860 and 1868 on the recommendation of the Royal Commission on the Defence of the United Kingdom.	Fort Widley	United Kingdom
country	Chilime Hydropower Plant is a run-of-the-river type plant situated in Chilime of Rasuwa district in Nepal, which is 133 km north of Kathmandu.	Chilime Hydropower Plant	Nepal
country	Twoubadou (Haitian Creole: pronounced: (twubadu), French: Troubadour) music is a popular genre of guitar-based music from Haiti that has a long and important place in Haitian culture.	Twoubadou	Haiti
country	The Château de Meillant is a historic manor in Meillant, Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France.	Château de Meillant	France
country	Donje Međuše (Serbian: Доње Међуше) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Donje Međuše	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Thian Hock Keng Temple (Chinese: 天福宫; pinyin: Tiānfú Gōng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Thian-hok-kiong; Temple of Heavenly Happiness; also: Tianfu Gong Temple) is the oldest and most important Fukien, or Hoklo (Hokkien) temple in Singapore.	Thian Hock Keng	Singapore
country	The Bethlehem Chapel (Betlémská kaple) is a medieval religious building in the Old Town of Prague, Czech Republic, notable for its connection with the origins of the Bohemian Reformation, especially with the Czech reformer Jan Hus.	Bethlehem Chapel	Czech Republic
country	The village name of Sheldwich is unique within the United Kingdom.	Sheldwich	United Kingdom
country	The Atabapo Municipality is one of the seven municipalities (municipios) that makes up the southern Venezuelan state of Amazonas and, according to the 2011 census by the National Institute of Statistics of Venezuela, the municipality has a population of 9,169.	Atabapo Municipality	Venezuela
country	Goladur (Persian: گلدور‎, also Romanized as Goladūr) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District, Safayyeh District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Goladur	Iran
country	Svenskådalen Nature Reserve (Swedish: Svenskådalens naturreservat) is a nature reserve in Jämtland County in Sweden.	Svenskådalen Nature Reserve	Sweden
country	The Paris meridian is a meridian line running through the Paris Observatory in Paris, France--now longitude 2°20′14.03`` east.	Paris meridian	France
country	Siribala is a town and rural commune in the Cercle of Niona in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali.	Siribala	Mali
country	Radomyśl nad Sanem (raˈdɔmɨɕl ˌnat ˈsanɛm) is a village in Stalowa Wola County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Radomyśl nad Sanem	Poland
country	Palazzo Corvaja (sometimes spelt Palazzo Corvaia) is a palace in Taormina, Sicily, Italy.	Palazzo Corvaia	Italy
country	The Arrondissement of Rouen is one of 342 arrondissements of France in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region.	Arrondissement of Rouen	France
country	Noravank (Armenian: Նորավանք, literally ``new monastery'') is a 13th-century Armenian monastery, located 122 km from Yerevan in a narrow gorge made by the Amaghu River, near the city of Yeghegnadzor, Armenia.	Noravank	Armenia
country	The corbeta (corvette) ARA Uruguay, built in England, is the largest ship afloat of its age in the Armada de la República Argentina (Argentine Navy), with more than 135 years passed since its commissioning in September 1874.	ARA Uruguay	Argentina
country	Caichinque is a volcanic complex lying between Salar de Talar and Salar de Capur, in the high Andean plateau of the Antofagasta Region, in Chile.	Caichinque	Chile
country	Deokjeokdo or Deokjeok Island is the largest island of Deokjeok-myeon in Ongjin County, Incheon Metropolitan City, South Korea.	Deokjeokdo	South Korea
country	Ozoro is the headquarters of the Isoko North Local Government Area, one of the two administrative units in the Isoko region of Delta State, southern Nigeria.	Ozoro	Nigeria
country	Las Caletas is a beach near Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, Mexico.	Las Caletas	Mexico
country	The Odrângușa River is a river a tributary of the Săcuieu River in Romania.	Odrângușa River	Romania
country	The Ocean Racing Club of Victoria Inc. (ORCV) conducts ocean/offshore and bay yacht races and events in Victoria, Australia.	Ocean Racing Club of Victoria	Australia
country	Orchard Towers (Chinese: 豪杰大厦) is an 18-story office building in Singapore located on the corner of Claymore Road and Orchard Road.	Orchard Towers	Singapore
country	Jungwon-gu is a district (gu), in Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea.	Jungwon-gu	South Korea
country	Arjestan (Persian: ارجستان‎, also Romanized as Arjestān and Arjastān) is a village in the Sabalan District of Sareyn County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Arjestan	Iran
country	Lourdes Hill College is a Roman Catholic, secondary, day and was a boarding school until 2011 for girls, located in Hawthorne, an inner-eastern suburb of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Lourdes Hill College	Australia
country	Beroun (Czech pronunciation: (ˈbɛrou̯n); German: Beraun) is a town in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Beroun	Czech Republic
country	Kapiti College is situated at Raumati Beach on the Kapiti Coast in New Zealand, 40 minutes drive from central Wellington.	Kapiti College	New Zealand
country	Ždaňa (Hungarian: Hernádzsadány) is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.	Ždaňa	Slovakia
country	Barasso is a town and comune located in the province of Varese in the Lombardy region of northern Italy.	Barasso	Italy
country	Bijela Rudina (Serbian Cyrillic: Бијела Рудина) is a village in the municipality of Bileća, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bijela Rudina	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Zadraga (pronounced (zaˈdɾaːɡa)) is a village in the Municipality of Naklo in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Zadraga	Slovenia
country	Frydenlund is a historic house near Vedbæk north of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Frydenlund	Denmark
country	The Battle of Gemmano was fought between the German and Allied forces in World War II. It was part of the Allies' Operation Olive, the offensive in August 1944 on the Gothic Line, the German line of defence in the Apennines in northern Italy.	Battle of Gemmano	Italy
country	Arnøy Church (Norwegian: Arnøy kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Skjervøy in Troms county, Norway.	Arnøy Church	Norway
country	Country Road is a middle market clothing retailer located in Australia, New Zealand and South Africa with 68 free standing stores and 77 department store concessions.	Country Road	Australia
country	Stamsund Church (Norwegian: Stamsund kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Vestvågøy in Nordland county, Norway.	Stamsund Church	Norway
country	Dutenhofen is the eastmost borough of the city of Wetzlar, Germany.	Dutenhofen	Germany
country	Houghton Wines is an Australian winery based at Middle Swan, in the Swan Valley, the focal point of the Swan District wine region of Western Australia.	Houghton Wines	Australia
country	Van Kleef Aquarium was an oceanarium located in Fort Canning Park facing River Valley Road in Singapore.	Van Kleef Aquarium	Singapore
country	Geo Wanjal (Urdu: جیو ونجل‎) is a village in the district of Gujrat, Pakistan.	Geo Wanjal	Pakistan
country	Pairi River is one of the important tributaries of Mahanadi and it joins the Mahanadi near Rajim, Gariaband district in Chhattisgarh, India.	Pairi River	India
country	Melk (older spelling: Mölk) is a city of Austria, in the federal state of Lower Austria, next to the Wachau valley along the Danube.	Melk	Austria
country	Tico (feminine tica, plural ticos, ticas) is a colloquial term for a native of Costa Rica.	Tico	Costa Rica
country	Aunegrenda Chapel (Norwegian: Aunegrenda kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Holtålen in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Aunegrenda Chapel	Norway
country	Dębica County (Polish: powiat dębicki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Subcarpathian Voivodeship, south-eastern Poland.	Dębica County	Poland
country	Veldkamps Meuln (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈvɛltkɑmps møːln); English: Veldkamp's Mill) is a 19th-century tower mill in the village of Bellingwolde in the Netherlands.	Veldkamps Meuln	Netherlands
country	Puncak Mandala (until 1963 Julianatop or Juliana Peak) is a mountain located in Papua, Indonesia.	Puncak Mandala	Indonesia
country	The Steinhuder Meer or Lake Steinhude is a lake in Lower Saxony, Germany located 30 kilometres (19 mi) northwest of Hanover.	Steinhuder Meer	Germany
country	Detrík (Hungarian: Detre) is a village and municipality in Vranov nad Topľou District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Detrík	Slovakia
country	The Mekonge Integral Ecological Reserve is found in Cameroon, and covers 26.44 km².	Mekonge Integral Ecological Reserve	Cameroon
country	Neot Mordechai (Hebrew: נְאוֹת מָרְדְּכַי) is a kibbutz in the Upper Galilee in Israel.	Neot Mordechai	Israel
country	Stadio Mariotti is an arena in Alghero, Sardinia (Italy).	Stadio Mariotti	Italy
country	The Arboretum Jean Aubouin (10 hectares) is an arboretum located in the Mothe-Clédou forest near Combiers, Charente, Poitou-Charentes, France.	Arboretum Jean Aubouin	France
country	Zuid-Holland Zuid (literally South South Holland) is an official region of the province of South Holland in the Netherlands.	Zuid-Holland Zuid	Netherlands
country	NPO Mashinostroyeniya (Cyrillic: ``НПО машиностроения'') is a rocket design bureau based in Reutov, Russia.	NPO Mashinostroyeniya	Russia
country	The Janos Trail was a trade route from the mountains of southern New Mexico to Janos, Chihuahua.	Janos Trail	Mexico
country	Lake Diatas (Indonesian: Danau Diatas, means: Upper Lake; Minangnese: Danau Diateh) is a lake in West Sumatra, Indonesia.	Lake Diatas	Indonesia
country	Roaring River Park is a heritage and nature park near Petersfield, Westmoreland Parish, Jamaica.	Roaring River Park	Jamaica
country	Sar Baghcheh (Persian: سرباغچه‎, also Romanized as Sar Bāghcheh) is a village in Il Teymur Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sar Baghcheh	Iran
country	Arba Minch Zuria (Amharic ``Greater Arba Minch Area'') is one of the woredas in the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples' Region of Ethiopia.	Arba Minch Zuria	Ethiopia
country	Gachibowli Indoor Stadium is an indoor arena located in Hyderabad, India.	Gachibowli Indoor Stadium	India
country	Stara Wieś Pierwsza (ˈstara ˈvjɛɕ ˈpjɛrfʂa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bychawa, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Stara Wieś Pierwsza	Poland
country	Alampalayam is a panchayat town in Udumalpet in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Alampalayam	India
country	Boštanj (pronounced (bɔˈʃtaːn) or (ˈboːʃtan); in older sources also Gorenji Boštanj, German: Obersavenstein, Savenstein, Sowenstein, or Sawenstein) is a village in the Lower Sava Valley in southeastern Slovenia.	Boštanj	Slovenia
country	Lahore College of Pharmaceutical Sciences is the first institution of pharmacy education in Pakistan which is inspected, recognized and approved by the Pharmacy Council of Pakistan.	Lahore College of Pharmaceutical Sciences	Pakistan
country	Nijefurd ( pronunciation ) is a former municipality in the northern Netherlands, in the province of Friesland.	Nijefurd	Netherlands
country	Kharidar-e Sang (Persian: خريدارسنگ‎, also Romanized as Kharīdār-e Sang) is a village in Zahray-ye Bala Rural District, in the Central District of Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Kharidar-e Sang	Iran
country	New Cowper (pronounced and occasionally written New Cooper) is a small hamlet in the civil parish of Holme St. Cuthbert in Cumbria, United Kingdom.	New Cowper	United Kingdom
country	La Matanza de Acentejo is a town near the north coast of Tenerife, Canary Islands, Spain.	La Matanza de Acentejo	Spain
country	Lago di Bomba, also called Lago di Sangro, is a lake in the Province of Chieti, Abruzzo, Italy.	Lago di Bomba	Italy
country	Halsanaustan or just Halsa is a village in Halsa Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Halsanaustan	Norway
country	Amantan is a small village in Algeria, in the wilaya of Batna.	Amantan	Algeria
country	Tituiyeh-ye Seh (Persian: تيتوئيه3‎, also Romanized as Tītūīyeh-ye Seh; also known as Tītūīyeh) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tituiyeh-ye Seh	Iran
country	Selangor River (Malay: Sungai Selangor) is a major river in Selangor, Malaysia.	Selangor River	Malaysia
country	Sealand of the Pacific was a public aquarium in South Oak Bay at The Oak Bay Marina, near the city of Victoria, in British Columbia, Canada.	Sealand of the Pacific	Canada
country	Klauvaneset is a peninsula in the northern part of Åsane in Bergen, Norway.	Klauvaneset	Norway
country	Kobdilj (pronounced (ˈkoːbdil); Italian: Cobidil San Gregorio) is a village south of Štanjel in the Municipality of Komen in the Littoral region of Slovenia next to the border with Italy.	Kobdilj	Slovenia
country	The Diemelsee or Diemel Reservoir (German: Diemelstausee) is a reservoir with a surface area of 1.65 km² and about capacity of 19.9 million m³ on the River Diemel in the counties of Waldeck-Frankenberg in North Hesse, and Hochsauerlandkreis, Westphalia, Germany.	Diemelsee	Germany
country	The Tun Abdul Aziz Mosque or Masjid Tun Abdul Aziz or also known as Masjid Bulat (Circle Mosque) is a mosque in Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia.	Tun Abdul Aziz Mosque	Malaysia
country	Marina Square is a shopping mall in Singapore which opened in the late 1980s.	Marina Square	Singapore
country	Mantingan is a district (kecamatan) in Ngawi Regency, East Java Province, Indonesia.	Mantingan	Indonesia
country	Rovinari Coal Mine is an open-pit mining exploitation, the largest in Romania, located in Rovinari, Gorj County.	Rovinari Coal Mine	Romania
country	Argissa Magoula is a Neolithic settlement mound (tell) in Thessaly in Greece.	Argissa Magoula	Greece
country	Geleen (Dutch pronunciation: (ɣəˈleːn); Limburgish: Gelaen) is a city in the southern part of the province of Limburg in the Netherlands.	Geleen	Netherlands
country	The Kondoa Irangi Rock Paintings are a series of caves carved into the side of a hill looking out over the steppe, approximately nine kilometres east of the main highway from Kondoa to Arusha, about 20 km north of Kondoa, in Tanzania.	Kondoa Irangi Rock Paintings	Tanzania
country	Kosovskoye Lake (Russian: Косовское озеро) is a lake in Russia near Shimsk.	Kosovskoye Lake	Russia
country	Seyang (Persian: سينگ‎, also Romanized as Sey Ang) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Seyang	Iran
country	Pyrgos Kallistis or simply Pyrgos (Greek: Πύργος Καλλίστης, literally 'Tower') is a picturesque village on the Aegean island of Santorini, Greece, in the Cyclades archipelago with a population of approx. 732 according to the 2001 census.	Pyrgos Kallistis	Greece
country	Jamkhar Gewog (Dzongkha: འཇམ་མཁར་) is a gewog (village block) of Trashiyangtse District, Bhutan.	Jamkhar Gewog	Bhutan
country	The Bavarian Forest National Park (German: Nationalpark Bayerischer Wald) is a national park in the Eastern Bavarian Forest immediately on Germany's border with the Czech Republic.	Bavarian Forest National Park	Germany
country	Mehdi Rajeh (Persian: مهديرجه‎, also Romanized as Mehdī Rajeh) is a village in Kolbad-e Gharbi Rural District, Kolbad District, Galugah County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mehdi Rajeh	Iran
country	Cadolive is a commune situated east of Marseille at the eastern extremity of the Massif de l'Étoile between Peypin and Saint-Savournin in the department of Bouches-du-Rhône in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southern France.	Cadolive	France
country	Al Muraqqabat (Arabic: المرقبات‎), sometimes spelled Al Muraqabat, is a locality in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE).	Al Muraqqabat	United Arab Emirates
country	Fåvang stave church (Fåvang stavkirke) is a stave church located in Fåvang in Ringebu municipality, Gudbrandsdal, Norway.	Fåvang stave church	Norway
country	The Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital is the premier health care facility in Ghana.	Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital	Ghana
country	Puštal (pronounced (ˈpuːʃtal); German: Burgstall) is a settlement on the right bank of the Sora River in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Puštal	Slovenia
country	La Pocatière railway station is located on Avenue de la Gare in the town of La Pocatière, Quebec, Canada.	La Pocatière railway station	Canada
country	The University of Mannheim Business School (UMBS) is among the oldest and most prestigious of the five schools comprising the University of Mannheim, located in Mannheim, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	University of Mannheim Business School	Germany
country	Dudle (Cyrillic: Дудле) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Dudle	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Porta San Pellegrino is a gate in the outer wall of Vatican City.	Porta San Pellegrino	Vatican City
country	The first High Commissioner, Prince George of Greece, disembarked at Souda Bay on December 9, 1898.	Souda Bay	Greece
country	Camp Chezar (Arabic: كامب شيزار‎; also spelled Camp Shezar) is a neighborhood in Alexandria, Egypt.	Camp Chezar	Egypt
country	The great Trogfurth Bridge (German: Trogfurther Brücke) was a historic cultural monument in the Harz Mountains of Germany that was blown up by the SS on 14 April 1945.	Trogfurth Bridge	Germany
country	Ringvassøy Church (Norwegian: Ringvassøy kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Karlsøy in Troms county, Norway.	Ringvassøy Church	Norway
country	The Allal al Fassi Dam is an embankment dam located 18 kilometres (11 mi) northeast of Sefrou on the Sebou River in the Fès-Boulemane region of Morocco.	Allal al Fassi Dam	Morocco
country	Zweth or De Zweth is a hamlet in the western Netherlands.	Zweth	Netherlands
country	Mazhgeh (Persian: ماژگه‎, also Romanized as Māzhgeh) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District, Khalifan District, Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mazhgeh	Iran
country	Buzău Pass (Romanian: Pasul Buzău) is a mountain pass that follows the Buzău River and connects Braşov with Buzău over the Buzău Mountains, in the Eastern Carpathians in Romania.	Buzău Pass	Romania
country	The Al-Rashid Mosque was the first mosque built in Canada.	Al-Rashid Mosque	Canada
country	The Eglinton River is located in the region of Southland in the southwest of New Zealand.	Eglinton River	New Zealand
country	Alviksbron (Swedish for The Alvik Bridge) is a box girder bridge in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Alviksbron	Sweden
country	Zatouna (Greek: Ζάτουνα) is a mountain village and a community in the municipal unit of Dimitsana, western Arcadia, Peloponnese, Greece.	Zatouna	Greece
country	Puloly is a village in Jaffna Peninsula, Northern Sri Lanka.	Puloly	Sri Lanka
country	Znojile pri Studencu (pronounced (znɔˈjiːlɛ pɾi stuˈdɛːntsu)) is a small settlement in the hills west of Studenec in the Municipality of Sevnica in east-central Slovenia.	Znojile pri Studencu	Slovenia
country	Plaza Río Tijuana is an open-air shopping center in the Zona Río (new main business district) of Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico.	Plaza Río Tijuana	Mexico
country	The Museum of Cham Sculpture is a museum located in Hải Châu District, Đà Nẵng, central Vietnam, near the Han River.	Museum of Cham Sculpture	Vietnam
country	Ubinas District is one of eleven districts of the province General Sánchez Cerro in the Moquegua Region in Peru.	Ubinas District	Peru
country	The Ghushkhaneh garden is a historical garden in Isfahan, Iran.	Ghushkhaneh garden	Iran
country	Szczyrzyc Abbey (Polish: Opactwo Cystersów w Szczyrzycu) is a Cistercian abbey founded in 1234 in the village of Szczyrzyc, Poland.	Szczyrzyc Abbey	Poland
country	The Zentralinstitut für Kunstgeschichte (ZI; engl. Central Institute for Art History), is an independent art-historical research institute in Germany.	Zentralinstitut für Kunstgeschichte	Germany
country	The Chalkotheke (Greek for ``bronze store'') was a structure on the Athenian Acropolis, Greece.	Chalkotheke	Greece
country	Pigeon Island National Park is one of the two marine national parks of Sri Lanka.	Pigeon Island National Park	Sri Lanka
country	The River Philip is a river contained entirely within Cumberland County, Nova Scotia, Canada.	River Philip	Canada
country	The Komatii Formation is a 3.475 billion year old rock formation, named after the nearby Komati River in South Africa.	Komatii Formation	South Africa
country	In April 2000 Garstang declared itself ``the world's first Fairtrade Town'', influencing many other towns, cities and counties around the United Kingdom to work towards the same goal.	Garstang	United Kingdom
country	The House for Mozart (formerly known as Kleines Festspielhaus) is a theatre in Austria.	Kleines Festspielhaus	Austria
country	Country Heights Kajang is a popular township in Kajang, Selangor, Malaysia.	Country Heights	Malaysia
country	The Razim River or Razelm River is a tributary of the Black Sea, Lake Razelm in Romania	Razim River	Romania
country	Seh Kani (Persian: سه كاني‎, also Romanized as Seh Kānī; also known as Sakaneh, Sakānī, Sehgāneh) is a village in Dasht-e Bil Rural District, in the Central District of Oshnavieh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Seh Kani	Iran
country	Tkalčićeva Street (Croatian: Tkalčićeva ulica, formally: Ivan Tkalčić Street, Ulica Ivana Tkalčića) is a street in the Zagreb, Croatia city center.	Tkalčićeva Street	Croatia
country	Soğucak (former Belenkeşlik) is a town in Mersin Province, Turkey.	Soğucak	Turkey
country	Bibishki (Russian: Бибишки) is a rural locality (a village) in Safonovsky District of Smolensk Oblast, Russia, located 7 kilometers (4.3 mi) southeast of Safonovo and 12 kilometers (7.5 mi) south of the M1 ``Belarus'' Highway, on the right bank of the Vopets River.	Bibishki	Russia
country	Iormughanlo is a village in Sagarejo district in Kakheti province in eastern Georgia located 446 m (1,463 ft) above sea level.	Iormughanlo	Georgia
country	Kattinakere (ಕಟ್ಟಿನಕೆರೆ) also called B Sagadde is a hamlet in Soraba Tq, Karnataka state, India.	Kattinakere	India
country	The Deira Twin Towers (Arabic: ديرة البرجين التوأمين‎), also known as the Dubai Twin Towers or Rolex Towers are located in eastern Dubai, United Arab Emirates, in Deira.	Deira Twin Towers	United Arab Emirates
country	Rožno (pronounced (ˈɾoːʒnɔ)) is a dispersed settlement on the left bank of the Sava River west of Brestanica in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Rožno	Slovenia
country	Owiesno (ɔˈvjɛsnɔ) (German: Habendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierżoniów, within Dzierżoniów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Owiesno	Poland
country	The initial phase of Underpass Park cost approximately $6 million, paid for mostly by Government of Canada.	Underpass Park	Canada
country	The Lord's Resistance Army (LRA), also known as the Lord's Resistance Movement, is a rebel group and heterodox Christian cult which operates in northern Uganda, South Sudan, the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Lord's Resistance Army	Uganda
country	Bellevueplatz (``Bellevue Square'', Bellevue is French for ``beautiful sight'') is a town square in Zürich, Switzerland.	Bellevueplatz	Switzerland
country	Wan'an County (simplified Chinese: 万安县; traditional Chinese: 萬安縣; pinyin: Wàn'ān Xiàn) is a county of Jiangxi province, People's Republic of China.	Wan'an County	People's Republic of China
country	Mardinspor is a Turkish football club located in Mardin, Turkey.	Mardinspor	Turkey
country	The Aran Islands (Irish: Oileáin Árann--pronunciation: (əlʲˈɑːnʲ ˈɑːrənʲ)) or The Arans (na hÁrainneacha--(nə ˈhɑːrənʲəxə)) are a group of three islands located at the mouth of Galway Bay, on the west coast of Ireland.	Aran Islands	Ireland
country	University of Windsor Stadium a.k.a. Alumni Field a.k.a. South Campus Stadium a.k.a. St. Denis Centre Stadium is a 2,000-seat stadium located in Windsor, Ontario, Canada, the stadium is mainly used for soccer and Canadian football.	University of Windsor Stadium	Canada
country	Barjou, France is a tiny hamlet that lies just off the main D660 road linking Beaumont-du-Périgord and Monpazier.	Barjou	France
country	Ljekova (Serbian Cyrillic: Љекова) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Ljekova	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	10th-Anniversary Stadium (Polish: Stadion Dziesięciolecia), opened in 1955, was for decades the largest stadium in Warsaw, and one of the largest in Poland.	10th-Anniversary Stadium	Poland
country	Foča (Serbian Cyrillic: Фоча) is a town and a municipality in Bosnia and Herzegovina on the Drina river, in the Republika Srpska entity.	Foča	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Ehengah (Persian: اهنگاه‎, also Romanized as Ehengāh) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Ehengah	Iran
country	Sidhani is a village situated on the Haryana-Punjab border in the Fatehabad district of Haryana state, India.	Sidhani	India
country	Kapušianske Kľačany (Hungarian: Nyarádkelecsény) is a village and municipality in Michalovce District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.	Kapušianske Kľačany	Slovakia
country	Kinnal Craft or Kinhal Craft (Kannada: ಕಿನ್ನಾಳ ಕಲೆ ), is a traditional wooden craft local to the town of Kinhal, or Kinnal, in Koppal District, North Karnataka, India.	Kinnal Craft	India
country	Svirachi (Bulgarian: Свирачи) is a village in the Haskovo Province, southern Bulgaria.	Svirachi	Bulgaria
country	The Steinerne Renne is a waterfall and natural monument near the town of Wernigerode in the Harz mountains of central Germany.	Steinerne Renne	Germany
country	Timan Garh was built when Tisman ruled over a great area in Western India encompassing the present-day Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, Haryana and Western Uttar Pradesh.	Timan Garh	India
country	Stara Gadka (ˈstara ˈɡatka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Stara Gadka	Poland
country	Chanchati is a village in the Lanchkhuti district of Guria, a western region in the Republic of Georgia.	Chanchati	Georgia
country	Midtfyns Festival was a famous rock festival in Denmark.	Midtfyns Festival	Denmark
country	However, these sectors are not enough to employ all the town's people and Sommatino is experiencing emigration to northern Italy, France and Germany.	Sommatino	Italy
country	Hasan Hajji (Persian: حسن حاجي‎, also Romanized as Ḩasan Ḩājjī) is a village in Allah-o Akbar Rural District, in the Central District of Dasht-e Azadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hasan Hajji	Iran
country	Rundāle Palace (Latvian: Rundāles pils; German: Schloss Ruhental, formerly also Ruhenthal and Ruhendahl) is one of the two major baroque palaces built for the Dukes of Courland in what is now Latvia, the other being Jelgava Palace.	Rundāle Palace	Latvia
country	Chigirinka (Russian: Чигиринка, Belarusian: Чыгірынка) is an agricultural settlement in the vicinity of Mahilyow, Belarus.	Chigirinka	Belarus
country	Puerto San José is a city on Guatemala's Pacific Ocean coast, in the department of Escuintla.	Puerto San José	Guatemala
country	Xırdalan (also, Khyrdalan, Khurdalan, and Xirdalan) is a city and municipality in and the capital of the Absheron Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Xırdalan	Azerbaijan
country	Gråkallen is a mountain in the Bymarka area in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Gråkallen	Norway
country	Rovinari (Romanian pronunciation: (roviˈnarʲ)) is a town in Gorj County, southern Romania with a population of 12,603 as of 2002.	Rovinari	Romania
country	CityCirkel was a one-way circular bus route operated by electrical buses in Copenhagen, Denmark from June 12, 2009 to October 24, 2010.	CityCirkel	Denmark
country	Magnesia Prefecture (Greek: Νομός Μαγνησίας) was one of the prefectures of Greece.	Magnesia Prefecture	Greece
country	Lozove (Ukrainian: Лозове) is an urban-type settlement in the Derazhnia Raion (district) of Khmelnytskyi Oblast in western Ukraine.	Lozove	Ukraine
country	Oseam or Oseam Temple is a small Korean Buddhist temple located in the area of Mangyeongdae Pavilion, Mount Seorak, Gangwon Province, South Korea.	Oseam	South Korea
country	Koći (Montenegrin and Serbian Cyrillic: Коћи, Albanian: Kojë) is a settlement in Podgorica Municipality, Montenegro, near the border with Albania.	Koći	Montenegro
country	Nahr-e Mian (Persian: نهرميان‎, also Romanized as Nahr-e Mīān, Nahr Meyān, Nahr Mīān, and Nahrmiyān; also known as Haran) is a village in Nahr-e Mian Rural District, Zalian District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Nahr-e Mian	Iran
country	Morlaix (French pronunciation: ​(mɔʁlɛ); Breton: Montroulez) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Morlaix	France
country	De Gordel (Dutch, pronounced (də ˈɣɔrdəl), meaning ``the belt'') is a family cycling and walking event in the Brussels Periphery of Belgium.	De Gordel	Belgium
country	Leuze-en-Hainaut is a Walloon municipality of Belgium, in the province of Hainaut.	Leuze-en-Hainaut	Belgium
country	Byala Cherkva (Bulgarian: Бяла черква) is a town in Pavlikeni Municipality part of Veliko Turnovo Province, Central-North Bulgaria.	Byala Cherkva	Bulgaria
country	The 1997 Argentine Grand Prix was a Formula One race held at Autódromo Oscar Alfredo Gálvez in Buenos Aires, Argentina on April 13, 1997.	1997 Argentine Grand Prix	Argentina
country	Veriora is a small borough (alevik) in Põlva County, southeastern Estonia.	Veriora	Estonia
country	The Twintech International University College of Technology, or Twintech for short, is a private publicly funded university college in Malaysia.	Twintech International University College of Technology	Malaysia
country	Coto 47 Airport (IATA: OTR, ICAO: MRCC) is an airport that serves Coto 47, Costa Rica.	Coto 47 Airport	Costa Rica
country	Agios Dimitrianos (Greek: Άγιος Δημητριανός) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 12 km west of Pano Panagia.	Agios Dimitrianos	Cyprus
country	The Müggelturm (``Müggel Tower'') is a popular day-trip destination in Köpenick, in southeastern Berlin, Germany.	Müggelturm	Germany
country	Premuda (Croatian pronunciation: (ˈprɛmuːda)) is a small island in Croatia, off the northern Adriatic coast.	Premuda	Croatia
country	Kalateh-ye Jafarabad (Persian: كلاته جعفراباد‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Ja``farābād) is a village in Titkanlu Rural District, Khabushan District, Faruj County, North Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 337, in 92 families.	Kalateh-ye Jafarabad	Iran
country	Zapallar is a quaint and elegant seaside resort town, which has played a significant role as a playground for Chile's economic and political elites.	Zapallar	Chile
country	Frattamaggiore (locally also known as Fratta) is a comune in the Metropolitan City of Naples, Campania, Italy.	Frattamaggiore	Italy
country	Ravna planina (Serbian Cyrillic: Равна планина) is a mountain in central Serbia, near the town of Vrnjačka Banja.	Ravna planina	Serbia
country	Xudun District (Somali: Degmada Xudun) is a district in the northern Sool region of Somalia.	Xudun District	Somalia
country	The Toronto Leader was a newspaper published in Toronto, Canada in the 19th century.	Toronto Leader	Canada
country	Brisas Hotels and Resorts is a Mexican hotel chain with properties on Acapulco, Mexico City, Querétaro, Ixtapa, Manzanillo, Huatulco and Veracruz.	Brisas Hotels and Resorts	Mexico
country	The Weito River (also known as the Weyt’o Wenz, Tullaya River) is a river in the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples' Region of Ethiopia.	Weito River	Ethiopia
country	As of 2011 of India census, Kannad had a population of 40,759.	Kannad	India
country	Argi (Persian: ارگي‎, also Romanized as Argī and Arkī) is a village in Golmakan Rural District, Golbajar District, Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Argi	Iran
country	Albert Productions, a division of music publishing and recording company Albert Music, is one of Australia's longest established independent record labels to specialise in rock and roll music.	Albert Productions	Australia
country	Bolcie (ˈbɔlt͡ɕe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiżajny, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania and Russia.	Bolcie	Poland
country	The Blue Mountains Dams are a series of six dams in the Blue Mountains which supply water to the Blue Mountains and Sydney, Australia.	Blue Mountains Dams	Australia
country	The National Protestant College is a Lebanese school that was established by the National Evangelical Union of Lebanon, the oldest indigenous Arabic-speaking Protestant congregation in the Middle East.	National Protestant College	Lebanon
country	Blauort is one of Germany's uninhabited North Sea sandy islets off the coast of Dithmarschen (near Büsum), and measures about 1,200 m from north to south and 500 metres from east to west.	Blauort	Germany
country	South Eastern Asmara Administration is an administration in Asmara, Eritrea.	South Eastern Asmara Administration	Eritrea
country	Walsh Cove Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada comprising the northeast portion of West Redonda Island in the Discovery Islands archipelago.	Walsh Cove Provincial Park	Canada
country	The Los Estoraques Unique Natural Area (Spanish: Área Natural Única Los Estoraques) is one of the smaller national parks, covering only 6 km2 (2.3 sq mi), located in the Cordillera Oriental of Colombia in the Norte de Santander Department.	Los Estoraques Unique Natural Area	Colombia
country	Vartdalsfjorden is a fjord (more technically, a strait) in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Vartdalsfjorden	Norway
country	Fisktorget or Fisktorg (English: Fish market) is a former public square in Malmö, Sweden.	Fisktorget	Sweden
country	PAVED Arts is a new media art Artist run centre located in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada that focuses on what it calls the 'PAVED Arts' arts: photography, audio, video, electronic and digital.	PAVED Arts	Canada
country	Połczyn-Zdrój (ˈpɔu̯t͡ʂɨn ˈzdrui̯) (German: Bad Polzin) is a town in Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland, with 11,153 inhabitants (2007).	Połczyn-Zdrój	Poland
country	Fannrem concentration camp (Norwegian: Fannrem fangeleir) was a concentration camp in the municipality of Orkdal in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Fannrem concentration camp	Norway
country	Adyghe Autonomous Oblast (Russian: Адыге́йская автоно́мная о́бласть) was an autonomous oblast within Krasnodar Krai, Soviet Union.	Adyghe Autonomous Oblast	Soviet Union
country	The Fridericianum is a museum in Kassel, Germany.	Fridericianum	Germany
country	Stirpnik (pronounced (ˈstiːɾpnik)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Stirpnik	Slovenia
country	The Maya Biosphere Reserve (Reserva de la Biosfera Maya) is a nature reserve in Guatemala managed by Guatemala's National Council of Protected Areas (CONAP).	Maya Biosphere Reserve	Guatemala
country	Neuendorf-Sachsenbande is a municipality in Wilstermarsch, in the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Neuendorf-Sachsenbande	Germany
country	The Waita River is in the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island.	Waita River	New Zealand
country	Real Fábrica del Buen Retiro (popularly called La China; translation, ``Buen Retiro Porcelain Factory''; alternate, Real Fabrica de Porcelana del Buen Retiro) was a porcelain manufacturing factory in Spain.	Real Fábrica del Buen Retiro	Spain
country	The Flemish Ardennes is an informal name given to a hilly region in the south of the province of East Flanders, Belgium.	Flemish Ardennes	Belgium
country	Bargi Dam is one of the first completed dams out of the chain of 30 major dams to be constructed on Narmada River in Madhya Pradesh, India.	Bargi Dam	India
country	The TripleOne Somerset (Chinese: 新加坡能源大厦; pinyin: Xīnjiāpō néngyuán dàshà) is a high-rise commercial building and shopping mall on Somerset Road in Orchard, Singapore.	TripleOne Somerset	Singapore
country	Connexxion is a large public transport bus company in the Netherlands, operating in the west, middle, east and south-west part of the country.	Connexxion	Netherlands
country	Sokhek is a village in Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal.	Sokhek	Nepal
country	Beceite (Spanish: (beˈθeite)) or Beseit (Catalan: (bəˈzɛjt), locally: (beˈzejt)) is a municipality located in the Matarraña/Matarranya comarca, province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain.	Beceite	Spain
country	Przyborowice Górne (pʂɨbɔrɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Załuski, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Przyborowice Górne	Poland
country	Marikina River (Tagalog: Ilog Marikina) is a river in eastern Metro Manila, Philippines.	Marikina River	Philippines
country	Dolgoprudny (Russian: Долгопру́дный) is a town in Moscow Oblast, Russia, located about 20 kilometers (12 mi) north of Moscow city center.	Dolgoprudny	Russia
country	Pol-e Siah, or the Black Bridge, in Ahvaz, Iran, is a national heritage site.	Pol-e Siah	Iran
country	Mainé-Soroa (Maine-Soroa, Maïné-Soroa) is a town in southeastern Niger, the capital of the Mainé-Soroa Department, and is in turn part of Diffa Region.	Mainé-Soroa	Niger
country	Daaibooi is a beach on the Caribbean island of Curaçao, located close to the village of Sint Willibrordus, a 30 minutes drive to the north-west of Willemstad.	Daaibooi	Curaçao
country	Krobusz (ˈkrɔbuʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała, within Prudnik County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Krobusz	Poland
country	Dholan Hithar is a big village of Kasur Tehsil in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Dholan Hithar	Pakistan
country	Kraszewo-Czubaki (kraˈʂɛvɔ t͡ʂuˈbaki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kraszewo-Czubaki	Poland
country	Łuby-Kurki (ˈwubɨ ˈkurki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastkowo, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Łuby-Kurki	Poland
country	Bia East District is one of the districts and municipalities in Ghana created before the general parliamentary and presidential election in 2012.	Bia East District	Ghana
country	Camp Hovey is a United States Army military base in Dongducheon, Gyeonggi Province, South Korea.	Camp Hovey	South Korea
country	The Shire of Baw Baw is a local government area in Victoria, Australia, in the eastern part of the state.	Shire of Baw Baw	Australia
country	Agridaki (Greek: Αγριδάκι; Turkish: Alemdağ) is a village in Cyprus, located 1 km east of Larnakas tis Lapithou.	Agridaki	Cyprus
country	National Cycle Route 57 is part of the United Kingdom's National Cycle Network.	National Cycle Route 57	United Kingdom
country	Jania Góra (ˈjaɲa ˈɡura) (German: Johannisberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świekatowo, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Jania Góra	Poland
country	The White Drin Canyon or White Drin Gorge (Albanian: Gryka e Drinit të Bardhë; Serbian: Kanjon Belog Drima, Кањон Белог Дрима) is a small canyon located in the southwestern Kosovo.	White Drin Canyon	Kosovo
country	Porječina (Serbian: Порјечина) is a village in the municipality of Gračanica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Porječina	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Audunborg or Hegrenes-borga was a castle and fortification built by Audun Hugleiksson on his inherited estate at Ålhus on the shores of the Jølstravatn in the municipality of Jølster in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Audunborg	Norway
country	Wittelbee Conservation Park is a protected area located on the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia adjoining the headland of Wittelbee Point about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) south east of the town of Ceduna.	Wittelbee Conservation Park	Australia
country	Edøyfjorden is a fjord (more technically, a strait) in the Nordmøre region of Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Edøyfjorden	Norway
country	Morawce (mɔˈraft͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Morawce	Poland
country	Aghribs is a village and commune in the province of Tizi Ouzou in northern Algeria.	Aghrib	Algeria
country	The Auditorio Siglo XXI (or Auditorio Metropolitano) is an venue located in Puebla, Mexico.	Auditorio Siglo XXI	Mexico
country	Tambao is a Manganese deposit and potential mine site in the Oudalan Province, located in the Sahel Region, which the far northeastern part of Burkina Faso.	Tambao	Burkina Faso
country	The Macmillan Brown Library (also known by its Māori name Te Puna Rakahau o Macmillan Brown) is a research library, archive, and art gallery based in the New Zealand city of Christchurch.	Macmillan Brown Library	New Zealand
country	Frafjord is a village and farming community in the municipality of Gjesdal in Rogaland, Norway.	Frafjord	Norway
country	Vigevano Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Vigevano, Cattedrale di Sant'Ambrogio) is a Roman Catholic cathedral dedicated to Saint Ambrose and located in the Piazza Ducale of Vigevano, Italy.	Vigevano Cathedral	Italy
country	Southland Girls' High School is a girls' secondary school in Invercargill, New Zealand.	Southland Girls' High School	New Zealand
country	Wojcieszków (vɔi̯ˈt͡ɕeʂkuf) is a village in Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wojcieszków	Poland
country	The Chocavento Tower (Edificio Chocavento) is a highrise office building located in the San Isidro district of Lima, Peru, built in 2001.	Chocavento Tower	Peru
country	Port of Oskarshamn is a seaport in Oskarshamn, Kalmar County, in southeastern Sweden.	Port of Oskarshamn	Sweden
country	Kamuli Mission Hospital, is a hospital in Kamuli, Kamuli District, in Eastern Uganda.	Kamuli Mission Hospital	Uganda
country	Mount Pan (simplified Chinese: 盘山; traditional Chinese: 盤山; pinyin: Pán Shān) is a mountain in Ji County, Tianjin Municipality, People's Republic of China.	Mount Pan	People's Republic of China
country	Ukuwela ( Sinhala:උකුවෙල, Tamil:உக்குவளை ) is a small town in Sri Lanka.	Ukuwela	Sri Lanka
country	Pombalinho is a village and a civil parish in the municipality of Golegã, Portugal.	Pombalinho	Portugal
country	Kozołupy (kɔzɔˈwupɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kozołupy	Poland
country	Zapata Peninsula (Spanish: Península de Zapata) is a large peninsula in Matanzas Province, southern Cuba, at 22.30°N 81.38°W. Ciénaga de Zapata National Park is located on the peninsula.	Zapata Peninsula	Cuba
country	Lagameshwar is a village in the Belgaum district in the southwest state of Karnataka, India.	Lagameshwar	India
country	Przeworsk County (Polish: powiat przeworski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Subcarpathian Voivodeship, south-eastern Poland.	Przeworsk County	Poland
country	The Marlin Mine is a gold mine in Guatemala owned by Montana Exploradora de Guatemala, S.A (Montana), which is a subsidiary of Canadian company Goldcorp.	Marlin Mine	Guatemala
country	Dagomys railway station (Russian: Станция Дагомыс) is a railway station of the North Caucasus Railway, a subsidiary of Russian Railways, located in Dagomys Microdistrict, Lazarevsky City District of Sochi, Krasnodar Krai, Russia.	Dagomys railway station	Russia
country	Yasynuvata (Ukrainian: Ясинувата; Russian: Ясиноватая -- Yasinovataya) is a city in Donetsk Oblast (province) of south-eastern Ukraine.	Yasynuvata	Ukraine
country	Melaky is a region in northwestern Madagascar.	Melaky	Madagascar
country	Kołbaskowo (kɔu̯basˈkɔvɔ) (German: Kolbitzow) is a village in Police County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Kołbaskowo	Poland
country	Risøyhamn is a village on the southern part of the island of Andøya in the municipality of Andøy in Nordland county, Norway.	Risøyhamn	Norway
country	Kijanice (kijaˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lututów, within Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kijanice	Poland
country	Czyczkowy Wybudowanie (t͡ʂɨt͡ʂˈkɔvɨ vɨbudɔˈvaɲe) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Czyczkowy Wybudowanie	Poland
country	Tovdalselva or Topdalselva (literally: the Tov valley river) is 143 kilometres (89 mi) long and is one of the longest rivers in Southern Norway.	Tovdalselva	Norway
country	Črmljenšak (pronounced (tʃəɾˈmleːnʃak)) is a settlement in the Slovene Hills (Slovene: Slovenske gorice) in the Municipality of Lenart in northeastern Slovenia.	Črmljenšak	Slovenia
country	Pacheia Ammos (Greek: Παχειά Άμμος) is a village in the municipality of Ierapetra on the island of Crete in Greece.	Pacheia Ammos	Greece
country	Feios Church (Norwegian: Feios kyrkje) is a parish church in Vik Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Feios Church	Norway
country	Kalupe Parish (Latvian: Kalupes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Daugavpils Municipality, Latvia.	Kalupe Parish	Latvia
country	The Ecumenical Centre in Geneva, Switzerland is located in the vicinity of the International Labour Organization, International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement, and the World Health Organization and serves as the base for the following Church organizations:	Ecumenical Centre	Switzerland
country	The Ratak Chain (Marshallese: Ratak, (rˠɑɑ̯dˠɑk)) is a chain of islands within the island nation of the Marshall Islands.	Ratak Chain	Marshall Islands
country	Adralaid is a small islet belonging to Virtsu small borough in Hanila Parish, Lääne County, Estonia.	Adralaid	Estonia
country	Bonaventure railway station was a staffed Via Rail station in the town of Bonaventure, Quebec, Canada.	Bonaventure railway station	Canada
country	Filitosa is a megalithic site in southern Corsica, France.	Filitosa	France
country	Gollis University (GU) is a privately-owned university in Hargeisa, the capital of the northwestern Somaliland region of Somalia.	Gollis University	Somalia
country	Rezvan Kola (Persian: رضوانكلا‎, also Romanized as Reẕvān Kolā) is a village in Talarpey Rural District, in the Central District of Simorgh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Rezvan Kola	Iran
country	Hatunk'uchu (Quechua hatun big, k'uchu corner, ``big corner'', hispanicized spelling Jatuncucho) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,400 metres (17,717 ft) high.	Hatunk'uchu	Peru
country	Akashi Park Stadium is a track and field stadium located in Akashi Park, in Akashi, Hyōgo Prefecture in Japan.	Akashi Park Stadium	Japan
country	Alt-Wülflingen Castle (German: Burgruine Alt-Wülflingen) is a castle in the city of Winterthur of the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.	Alt-Wülflingen Castle	Switzerland
country	Kajai (Persian: كجايي‎, also Romanized as Kajā’ī; also known as Bajmīn) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kajai	Iran
country	Köhnə Gəgir (also, Këgna Gegir and Konagager) a village and the least populous municipality in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Köhnə Gəgir	Azerbaijan
country	The Ministry of Housing and Local Government was a United Kingdom government department formed after the Second World War, covering the areas of housing and local government.	Ministry of Housing and Local Government	United Kingdom
country	Namnak (Persian: نمنك‎) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Namnak	Iran
country	Jangtud is a barangay in the municipality of Palapag, in the province of Northern Samar, Philippines.	Jangtud	Philippines
country	Balbieriškis (Polish: Balwierzyszki German: Bauwerischeck, Bauwersk Russian: Бальвержишки, Бальберишкис ) a small town in Kaunas County in central Lithuania.	Balbieriškis	Lithuania
country	Ahrenshoop is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Rügen district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany on the Fischland-Darß-Zingst peninsula of the Baltic Sea.	Ahrenshoop	Germany
country	The Shah-i-Kot Valley (also Shahi-Kot, Shah-e-Kot and other variant spellings) is a valley located in Afghanistan's Paktia province, southeast of the town of Zormat.	Shah-i-Kot Valley	Afghanistan
country	Voskepar (Armenian: Ոսկեպար; formerly, Aksibara and Akhsibara) is a village in the northeastern Tavush Province of Armenia, 163 kilometres (101 mi) north of Yerevan.	Voskepar	Armenia
country	Chervonosilske is a village in Ukraine, Amvrosievsky district of Donetsk region.	Chervonosilske	Ukraine
country	Ammersoyen Castle (Dutch: Kasteel Ammersoyen) is located in Ammerzoden in the Bommelerwaard region in the province of Gelderland, the Netherlands.	Ammersoyen Castle	Netherlands
country	Rothesay Netherwood School is an Atlantic Canadian, independent day and boarding university-preparatory school for grades 6-12 located in Rothesay, New Brunswick, a suburb of Saint John, New Brunswick, Canada .	Rothesay Netherwood School	Canada
country	Marmande (in Occitan, Marmanda) is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne département in south-western France.	Marmande	France
country	To the east of the village are the Halvergate Marshes, an area of drainage marsh which was the site of the first Environmentally Sensitive Area in the United Kingdom in 1987.	Halvergate	United Kingdom
country	Tuba-Zangariyye or Tuba az-Zanghariyya (Arabic: طوبه زنغرية‎, Hebrew: טוּבָּא-זַנְגָרִיָה) is a Bedouin town in the North District of Israel that achieved local council status in 1988.	Tuba-Zangariyye	Israel
country	Lake Syväri (Finnish: Syväri) is a medium-sized lake in Finland.	Lake Syväri	Finland
country	Guichón is a small city in the Paysandú Department of western Uruguay.	Guichón	Uruguay
country	Devil Ark is an animal preservation project based in New South Wales, Australia.	Devil Ark	Australia
country	Ala-Too Square (Kyrgyz: Ала-тоо аянты, (ɑlɑtoː ɑjɑntɯ́); Russian: Площадь Ала-Тоо, (ˈploɕːədʲ ɐlɐˈto)) is the central square in Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan.	Ala-Too Square	Kyrgyzstan
country	Surp Agop Hospital (Turkish: Surp Agop Hastanesi) or Saint Jacob Armenian Hospital is a hospital in the Elmadağ neighborhood of Şişli district of Istanbul which was established in 1837 and continues to be operated by the Armenian Catholic community of Turkey.	Surp Agop Hospital	Turkey
country	Kolodong, New South Wales (31°54′S 152°26′E) is a locality between Taree and Wingham in the Manning Valley on the Mid North Coast of New South Wales, Australia in the City of Greater Taree.	Kolodong, New South Wales	Australia
country	The 1935 SABENA Savoia-Marchetti S.73 crash occurred on 10 December 1935 when Savoia-Marchetti S.73 OO-AGN of Belgian airline SABENA crashed at Tatsfield, Surrey, England, whilst on an international scheduled flight from Brussels Airport, Belgium to Croydon Airport, United Kingdom.	1935 SABENA Savoia-Marchetti S.73 crash	England
country	Ganye is a town and Local Government Area of Adamawa State, Nigeria.	Ganye	Nigeria
country	Belkachi (Russian: Белькачи) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Belkachi Village in Ust-Maysky District of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 131 kilometers (81 mi) from Ust-Maya, the administrative center of the district.	Belkachi	Russia
country	K'allapayuq (Quechua k'allapa stretcher, -yuq a suffix to indicate ownership, ``the one with a stretcher'', hispanicized spelling Callapayoc) is a mountain in the Chunta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,000 metres (16,404 ft) high.	K'allapayuq	Peru
country	Grotowo (ɡrɔˈtɔvɔ) (German Hoppendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Grotowo	Poland
country	Wilczonek (vilˈt͡ʂɔnɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wilczonek	Poland
country	Kików (ˈkikuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Kików	Poland
country	Rebbenesøya (Northern Sami: Ruobbá) is an island in Troms county, Norway.	Rebbenesøya	Norway
country	Francisco Sá Carneiro Airport (IATA: OPO, ICAO: LPPR) or simply Porto Airport is an international airport near Porto (Oporto), Portugal.	Porto Airport	Portugal
country	The Anhangabaú River (in Portuguese: Rio Anhangabaú) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.	Anhangabaú River	Brazil
country	De Kromme Watergang is a restaurant located in Slijkplaat, Hoofdplaat in the Netherlands.	De Kromme Watergang	Netherlands
country	Miechocin (Latin: Miechovia) is the oldest part of today's town of Tarnobrzeg, Poland.	Miechocin	Poland
country	Nemanjina Street (Serbian Cyrillic: Немањина улица; English: Nemanja Street) is a very important thoroughfare in downtown Belgrade, Serbia, in the Savski Venac municipality.	Nemanjina Street	Serbia
country	Tirohanga is a suburb of Lower Hutt City situated at the bottom of the North Island of New Zealand.	Tirohanga	New Zealand
country	Selcë e Poshtme (``Lower Selcë'') is a village located in the Mokra area, Korçë County, Albania.	Selcë e Poshtme	Albania
country	Skrzyńsko (ˈskʂɨɲskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przysucha, within Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Skrzyńsko	Poland
country	Wadowice Górne (vadɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in Mielec County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wadowice Górne	Poland
country	Selska Polyana is a village in the municipality of Madzharovo, in Haskovo Province, in southern Bulgaria.	Selska Polyana	Bulgaria
country	Șăulia (Hungarian: Mezősályi, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈmɛzøːʃaːji)) is a commune in Mureș County, Romania that is composed of four villages:	Șăulia	Romania
country	Mevo Modi'im (Hebrew: מְבוֹא מוֹדִיעִים, lit. Modi'im Gateway), officially Me'or Modi'im (Hebrew: מְאוֹר מוֹדִיעִים), is a religious communal settlement in central Israel.	Mevo Modi'im	Israel
country	Lund (Swedish pronunciation: (lɵnd)) is a city in the province of Scania (Skåne), southern Sweden.	Lund	Sweden
country	Sweetwaters Music Festival was a series of events held between 1980 and 1999, at venues such as a farm in Ngaruawahia, then further north on a farm near Pukekawa, and finally at South Auckland, New Zealand.	Sweetwaters Music Festival	New Zealand
country	Al Satwa (Arabic: السطوة‎) is a community in Dubai, United Arab Emirates comprising high-density retail outlets and private residential dwellings.	Al Satwa	United Arab Emirates
country	Oriental Institute of Technology (OIT; Chinese: 亞東技術學院) is a private university in Banqiao District, New Taipei, Taiwan.	Oriental Institute of Technology	Taiwan
country	Cape São Roque (Port. Cabo de São Roque) or Cape of Saint Roch, is a cape in northeastern tip of Brazil.	Cape São Roque	Brazil
country	Bulguksa is located on the slopes of mount Toham (Jinheon-dong, Gyeongju city, North Gyeongsang province, South Korea).	Bulguksa	South Korea
country	Punta de Chimino is a Maya archaeological site in the Petexbatún region of the department of Petén in Guatemala.	Punta de Chimino	Guatemala
country	Al-Zaazu' (Arabic: الزعزوع‎) is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of al-Raqqah Governorate, located north of al-Raqqah.	Al-Zaazu'	Syria
country	Burj al-Qasab (Arabic: برج القصب‎) is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Latakia Governorate, located north of Latakia close to Ras Ibn Hani.	Burj al-Qasab	Syria
country	Murski Črnci (Hungarian: Muracsermely, Prekmurje dialect: Črnec, German: Deutschendorf) is a village in the Municipality of Tišina in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.	Murski Črnci	Slovenia
country	Hatzeva (Hebrew: חֲצֵבָה) is a moshav in southern Israel.	Hatzeva	Israel
country	Songsan Station (Hangul: 송산역; hanja: 松山驛) is a station of the U Line in Yonghyeon-dong, Uijeongbu, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea.	Songsan Station	South Korea
country	Budian (Persian: بوديان‎, also Romanized as Būdīān) is a village in Tulem Rural District, Tulem District, Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Budian	Iran
country	Ouyoun (Arabic: العيون‎ translit. al-ʿouyoun) is a village in Mount Lebanon, Lebanon.	Ouyoun	Lebanon
country	Sultan Haji Ahmad Shah Hospital, formerly known as Hospital Temerloh, is a 498-bed government-funded multi-specialty hospital located in the district of Temerloh in the state of Pahang, Malaysia.	Sultan Haji Ahmad Shah Hospital	Malaysia
country	The Arrondissement of Oudenaarde (Dutch: Arrondissement Oudenaarde; French: Arrondissement d'Audenarde) is one of the six administrative arrondissements in the Province of East Flanders, Belgium.	Arrondissement of Oudenaarde	Belgium
country	The Moose Jaw Canadian Pacific Railway Station (located in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan, Canada) is a disused station that was designed by Hugh G. Jones and built by the Canadian Pacific Railway from 1920--1922.	Moose Jaw Canadian Pacific Railway Station	Canada
country	Poliske (Ukrainian: Поліське) or Polesskoye (Russian: Полесское) is an abandoned settlement and former town in the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone, part of Kiev Oblast, Ukraine.	Poliske	Ukraine
country	Do Ab Mardakh (Persian: دواب مردخ‎, also Romanized as Do Āb Mardakh; also known as Deh-e Ābmardakh and Mardakh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Do Ab Mardakh	Iran
country	The Taj Mahal was designated as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1983 for being ``the jewel of Muslim art in India and one of the universally admired masterpieces of the world's heritage''.	Taj Mahal	India
country	Gamus (Persian: گاموس‎, also Romanized as Gāmūs; also known as Jāmūs) is a village in Chaybasar-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gamus	Iran
country	Belver de Cinca (Spanish: (belˈβer ðe ˈθiŋka)) or Bellver de Cinca (Catalan: (ˌbeʎˈβɛ ðə siŋkə), locally: (ˌbelˈβeɾ ðe ˈsiŋka)) is a municipality located in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain.	Belver de Cinca	Spain
country	Aix-en-Othe is a former commune in the Aube department in the Champagne-Ardennes region of north-central France.	Aix-en-Othe	France
country	Mohammadabad-e Mirza (Persian: محمدابادميرزا‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Mīrzā; also known as Tolombeh-ye Moḩammadābād-e Mīrzā’ī) is a village in Mahmudabad-e Seyyed Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mohammadabad-e Mirza	Iran
country	Elba (Italian: isola d'Elba, pronounced (ˈiːzola ˈdelba); Latin: Ilva; Ancient Greek: Αἰθαλία, Aithalia) is a Mediterranean island in Tuscany, Italy, 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) from the coastal town of Piombino.	Elba	Italy
country	Langhus is a village in the municipality of Ski in Norway with a population of about 13,000.	Langhus	Norway
country	Choqa Bala-ye Sofla (Persian: چقابالاسفلي‎, also Romanized as Choqā Bālā-ye Soflá) is a village in Parsinah Rural District, in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Choqa Bala-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Savegre River (Spanish pronunciation: (saˈβeɣɾe)) is a river of Costa Rica.	Savegre River	Costa Rica
country	The Port of Le Havre, Grand Port Maritime du Havre, is the Port and port authority of the Normandy city of Le Havre, France.	Port of Le Havre	France
country	Behtarabad (Persian: بهتراباد‎, also Romanized as Behtarābād) is a village in Gonbaki Rural District, Gonbaki District, Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Behtarabad	Iran
country	Mount Rosary Church (Portuguese: De Nossa Senhora do Rosario de Calliampoor) is a Roman Catholic church situated in Kallianpur in the Udupi district of India.	Mount Rosary Church	India
country	Suiling County (simplified Chinese: 绥棱县; traditional Chinese: 綏棱縣; pinyin: Suílíng Xiàn) is a county of west-central Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China.	Suiling County	People's Republic of China
country	The Virginia Parker Prize (originally known as the Virginia P. Moore Prize) is an annual award given to outstanding young classical musicians (singers, instrumentalists, or conductors) who have previously been recipients of Canada Council grants.	Virginia Parker Prize	Canada
country	Antsiafabositra is a town and commune (Malagasy: kaominina) in central Madagascar approximately 170 kilometres north-west of the capital Antananarivo.	Antsiafabositra	Madagascar
country	The Sterckshof silver museum of the province of Antwerp (Dutch: Zilvermuseum Sterckshof Provincie Antwerpen, French: Musée de l'Argenterie de Sterckshof) is located in Sterckshof castle in Deurne, Province of Antwerp, Belgium.	Sterckshof silver museum	Belgium
country	The Gestapo (German pronunciation: (ɡeˈstaːpo, ɡəˈʃtaːpo)), abbreviation of Geheime Staatspolizei, or the Secret State Police was the official secret police of Nazi Germany and German-occupied Europe.	Gestapo	Nazi Germany
country	Bloor GO Station is a railway station on GO Transit's Kitchener line and the Union Pearson Express rail service, located in Toronto, Canada, at 1456 Bloor Street West, between Lansdowne Avenue and Dundas Street West.	Bloor GO Station	Canada
country	Spálené Poříčí (Czech pronunciation: (ˈspaːlɛnɛː ˈpor̝iːtʃiː); German: Brennporitschen) is a town in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.	Spálené Poříčí	Czech Republic
country	Mdhila (Arabic: المضيلة‎ Al Maḏīla) is a town and commune in the Gafsa Governorate, Tunisia.	Mdhila	Tunisia
country	Bohumín (Czech pronunciation: (ˈboɦumiːn); Polish: Bogumin , German: Oderberg) is a town in Karviná District, Moravian-Silesian Region, Czech Republic on the border with Poland.	Bohumín	Czech Republic
country	Roslavl (Russian: Ро́славль, Polish: Rosław) is a town and the administrative center of Roslavlsky District in Smolensk Oblast, Russia.	Roslavl	Russia
country	Robinsons Summit Center, formerly known as the JG Summit Center, is an office skyscraper located in Makati, Philippines.	Robinsons Summit Center	Philippines
country	Daszów (ˈdaʂuf) (German: Dahsau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jemielno, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Daszów	Poland
country	Zapudje (pronounced (zaˈpuːdjɛ)) is a village in the hills south of Dragatuš in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Zapudje	Slovenia
country	Hugo Cantergiani Regional Airport (IATA: CXJ, ICAO: SBCX), formerly called Campo dos Bugres Airport, is the airport serving Caxias do Sul, Brazil.	Campo dos Bugres Airport	Brazil
country	Ciudad Guayana (Spanish pronunciation: (sjuˈðað ɣwaˈʝana)) is a city in Bolívar State, Venezuela.	Ciudad Guayana	Venezuela
country	The Abendsonne was a motorcycle manufactured in Germany in 1933-1934 by Georg Wessbinder.	Abendsonne	Germany
country	Arachova (Greek: Αράχωβα, also Αράχοβα) is a mountain town and a former municipality in the western part of Boeotia, Greece.	Arachova	Greece
country	The Solarpark Alt Daber is a photovoltaic facility in Germany with 67.8 megawatts (MW, 90,900 hp).	Solarpark Alt Daber	Germany
country	Kamieniec Ząbkowicki (kaˈmjɛɲɛt͡s zɔmpkɔˈvit͡ski) (German: Kamenz N.S.) is a village in Ząbkowice Śląskie County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kamieniec Ząbkowicki	Poland
country	The Central Land Council is an Indigenous Land Council that represents the indigenous people of the southern half of the Northern Territory of Australia, predominantly in land issues.	Central Land Council	Australia
country	Do Ab Training Camp (Persian: پادگان اموزش دواب‎ -- Pādegān-e Amūzesh Do Āb; also known as Padegān-e Do Āb) is a village and military installation in Rastupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Do Ab Training Camp	Iran
country	With its mild summer temperature, Slinfah is one of the most popular tourist destinations in Syria, both among locals and foreigners.	Slinfah	Syria
country	Rurala Road (Urdu: روڑالہ روڈ‎) is a small town in the tehsil of Jaranwala, district of Faisalabad, Punjab, Pakistan.	Rurala Road	Pakistan
country	The Ouatchi Plateau is a tableland in southern central Togo, West Africa.	Ouatchi Plateau	Togo
country	Pattoki railway station (Urdu: پتوکی ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎)) is located in Pattoki city, Kasur district of Punjab province of the Pakistan.	Pattoki railway station	Pakistan
country	The Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine (LSTM) is a higher education institution and registered charity located in Liverpool, United Kingdom.	Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine	United Kingdom
country	Riverdale South is an electoral district which elects a Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) to the Legislative Assembly of the Yukon Territory in Canada.	Riverdale South	Canada
country	Zaporizhstal, is Ukraine's fourth largest steel maker with an annual capacity of 4.5 mil. tonnes of steel, 3.3 mil. tonnes of pig iron, 4.1 mil. of finished steel products, and ranks 54th in the world.	Zaporizhstal	Ukraine
country	Koce-Schaby (ˈkɔt͡sɛ ˈsxabɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanowiec, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Koce-Schaby	Poland
country	Verin Bazmaberd (Armenian: Վերին Բազմաբերդ; formerly, Verin Agdzhakala, Aghjaghala Ulia, and Verkhnyaya Agdzhakala) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Verin Bazmaberd	Armenia
country	Les Rosiers-sur-Loire is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in the Pays de la Loire Region in western France.	Les Rosiers-sur-Loire	France
country	Department of Agriculture, Bampur (Persian: اداره كشاورزي‎ -- Ādāreh Keshāvarzī) is a village and government facility in Bampur-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Bampur County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Department of Agriculture, Bampur	Iran
country	Le Gouray (Breton: Gorre) is a former commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Le Gouray	France
country	Līgo parish (Latvian: Līgo pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Gulbene District, Latvia.	Līgo parish	Latvia
country	Guayabal de Síquima also known as ``The Golden Gate of the Central Magdalena'' is a municipality and town of Colombia in the department of Cundinamarca located in the Central Magdalena Province 69 km from Bogotá.	Guayabal de Síquima	Colombia
country	Bagh-e Dehak (Persian: باغ دهك‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Dehak) is a village in Raqqeh Rural District, Eresk District, Boshruyeh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Dehak	Iran
country	Qeshlaq-e Moqaddam Shabandeh (Persian: قشلاق مقدم شابنده ‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Moqaddam Shābandeh; also known as Qeshlāq-e Shāhbandeh and Qeshlāq-e Moqaddam) is a village in Garamduz Rural District, Garamduz District, Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Moqaddam Shabandeh	Iran
country	Siriu is a commune in Buzău County, Romania, on the valley of Buzău River.	Siriu	Romania
country	Lipin Bor (Russian: Липин Бор) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Vashkinsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia, located on the northern shore of Lake Beloye.	Lipin Bor	Russia
country	Windmill Theatre (previously known as Windmill Performing Arts) established in 2002 as a South Australian Government initiative is Australia's flagship professional theatre company for child and young adult audiences.	Windmill Performing Arts	Australia
country	Quyquyhó (Guaraní: Kuykuyho) is a town in the Paraguarí department of Paraguay.	Quyquyhó	Paraguay
country	Ponta do Seixas (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈpõtɐ du ˈsejʃɐs)), also known as Cape Branco, is a cape on the Atlantic coast of Paraíba state, eastern Brazil, that forms the easternmost point of the American continents, roughly 8 km (5 mi) southeast of João Pessoa, the state capital.	Ponta do Seixas	Brazil
country	Västerbron (Swedish: The Western Bridge) is an arch bridge in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Västerbron	Sweden
country	The ARY Digital Tower was a 45-floor tower in the Dubai Media City in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	ARY Digital Tower	United Arab Emirates
country	The Agadão River (Portuguese: Rio Agadão) is a river in Portugal.	Agadão River	Portugal
country	Finska Kyrkogränd (Swedish: ``Finnish Church Alley'') is a blind alley in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Finska Kyrkogränd	Sweden
country	Lavar-e Sofla (Persian: لاورسفلي‎‎, also Romanized as Lāvar-e Soflá; also known as Lāvar) is a village in Deh Tall Rural District, in the Central District of Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Lavar-e Sofla	Iran
country	Ain Shams University (Arabic: جامعة عين شمس‎) is an institute of higher education located in Cairo, Egypt.	Ain Shams University	Egypt
country	Khanafereh District (Persian: بخش خنافره‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Khanafereh District	Iran
country	Krplivnik (pronounced (kəɾˈpliːu̯nik); Hungarian: Kapronak) is a village on the right bank of the Big Krka River (Slovene: Velika Krka) in the Municipality of Hodoš in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.	Krplivnik	Slovenia
country	The Gundaroo Catholic Pioneer Cemetery is on the Sutton Road opposite the beginning of Back Creek Road a few kilometres south of Gundaroo, New South Wales, Australia.	Gundaroo Catholic Pioneer Cemetery	Australia
country	The 1968 Winter Olympics, officially known as the X Olympic Winter Games, was a winter multi-sport event held in Grenoble, France, from 6 to 18 February 1968.	1968 Winter Olympics	France
country	Warri Township Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Warri, Nigeria on Cemetery Road.	Warri Township Stadium	Nigeria
country	Rivière Bonnard Airport, (TC LID: CRB4), is located near the Rivière Bonnard (Bonnard river) in Mont-Valin, Quebec, Canada.	Rivière Bonnard Airport	Canada
country	Comillas is a small township and municipality in the northern reaches of Spain, in the autonomous community of Cantabria.	Comillas	Spain
country	Bur Salah (Somali: Bur Saalax) is a town in the north-central Mudug region of Somalia.	Bur Salah	Somalia
country	The Cannobino is a little river or stream located in the province of Verbano Cusio Ossola in the region of Piedmont in the north of Italy, which by the local population often is simply called 'Il Fiume' (the river).	Cannobino	Italy
country	Located 1,300 km southeast of the Indian subcontinent, across the Bay of Bengal, they form part of the Union Territory of Andaman and Nicobar Islands, India.	Nicobar Islands	India
country	Otterøy Church (Norwegian: Otterøy kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Namsos in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Otterøy Church	Norway
country	The Rabaul (Bita Paka) War Cemetery, established in 1945, is located near the site of the former Bita Paka wireless station south of the city of Rabaul, New Britain, in Papua New Guinea.	Rabaul (Bita Paka) War Cemetery	Papua New Guinea
country	Budy Wandalińskie (ˈbudɨ vandaˈliɲskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brójce, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Budy Wandalińskie	Poland
country	According to the United Kingdom Census 2001, Sheriff Hill has a population of 5,051 -- 53% of whom are female, slightly above the national average, and 47% are male.	Sheriff Hill	United Kingdom
country	Kerava (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈkerɑʋɑ); Swedish: Kervo) is a town and municipality in Finland.	Kerava	Finland
country	Kerkrade ((ˈkɛrkraːdə), Kerkrade dialect: Kirchroa (ˈkeʁçʁoə̯)) is a town and a municipality in the southeast of Limburg, the southernmost province of the Netherlands.	Kerkrade	Netherlands
country	The Tasmanian Certificate of Education or TCE, is the main credential awarded to secondary school students who successfully complete senior high school level studies (years 11 and 12 or equivalent, referred to generally as College within Tasmania) in Tasmania, Australia.	Tasmanian Certificate of Education	Australia
country	The Circuito Internacional de Vila Real is a 4.600 kilometres (2.86 mi) temporary street circuit in Vila Real, Portugal.	Circuito Internacional de Vila Real	Portugal
country	The Ateneo de Tuguegarao was a Catholic college in Tuguegarao, Cagayan, Philippines run by the Society of Jesus.	Ateneo de Tuguegarao	Philippines
country	The Donald K. Johnson Eye Centre is Canada's largest clinical and research institute for vision.	Donald K. Johnson Eye Centre	Canada
country	Loma Negra Companía Industrial Argentina S.A. is an Argentine manufacturer and the country's leading maker of cement, concrete, and lime.	Loma Negra	Argentina
country	Kryonerida (Greek: Κρυονερίδα) is a former municipality in the Chania regional unit, Crete, Greece.	Kryonerida	Greece
country	Słupca (ˈswupt͡sa) is a town in Greater Poland Voivodeship, Poland, and the seat of Słupca County.	Słupca	Poland
country	Anagni is an ancient town and comune in Latium, central Italy, in the hills east-southeast of Rome.	Anagni	Italy
country	The Zafimaniry are a sub-group of the Betsileo ethnic group of Madagascar.	Zafimaniry	Madagascar
country	Sea Life Bangkok Ocean World (formerly, Siam Ocean World) is an aquarium in Bangkok, Thailand, the largest in South East Asia.	Sea Life Bangkok Ocean World	Thailand
country	Haji Mohd Lazim Bridge or Tanjung Sedili Bridge (Malay: Jambatan Haji Mohd Lazim Jawi: جمبتن حاج محمد لازيم) is a river bridge in Sedili, Johor, Malaysia.	Haji Mohd Lazim Bridge	Malaysia
country	The Melaten-Friedhof (Melaten Cemetery) is the central cemetery of Cologne, Germany.	Melaten-Friedhof	Germany
country	Santa Maria della Verità (once called Sant'Agostino degli Scalzi or Santa Maria dell'Oliva) is a church in rione Materdei, in the quartiere of Stella of Naples, Italy.	Santa Maria della Verità	Italy
country	Aparri is a first class municipality in the province of Cagayan, Luzon, Philippines.	Aparri	Philippines
country	La Vallon Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in France, which is located approximately 6 km north-northeast of Montbrison (Departement de la Loire,Rhone-Alpes); about 385 km south-southeast of Paria.	La Vallon Airfield	France
country	The Palawan State University (PSU) is a government-funded university in Puerto Princesa, Palawan, Philippines.	Palawan State University	Philippines
country	The Chambre de commerce et d'industrie de Lyon (Chamber of Commerce and Industry of Lyon) is one of the Chambers of Commerce and Industry of the Rhône department in France.	Chambre de commerce et d'industrie de Lyon	France
country	Mu Ko Siboya, also known as Ko Siboya Tambon, is a group of islands which is part of Nuea Khlong District in Krabi Province, Thailand.	Mu Ko Siboya	Thailand
country	Studenkovići (Serbian: Студенковићи) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Studenkovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Wörpe is a small river in the northern part of the state of Lower Saxony in Germany.	Wörpe	Germany
country	Videž (pronounced (ˈʋiːdɛʃ)) is a village south of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia.	Videž	Slovenia
country	Höör (Swedish pronunciation: (hœːr)) is a locality and the seat of Höör Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden with 7,865 inhabitants in 2010.	Höör	Sweden
country	Krauncha Giri is believed to be the first abode of Subramanya in south India.	Krauncha Giri	India
country	Waterloo Street (Chinese: 滑铁卢街) is a two-way street in downtown Singapore stretching from Rochor Road to Bras Basah Road.	Waterloo Street	Singapore
country	Hesar-e Tarmani (Persian: حصارترمني‎, also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Tarmanī; also known as Ḩeşār-e Qareh Ḩasanlū) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hesar-e Tarmani	Iran
country	Beit Oved (Hebrew: בֵּית עוֹבֵד, lit. House of Worker or House of Obed) is a moshav in central Israel.	Beit Oved	Israel
country	INCAE Business School is an international business school located at the Francisco de Sola campus in Nicaragua and the Walter Kissling Gam campus in Costa Rica.	INCAE Business School	Costa Rica
country	Bassir (Arabic: بصير‎) is a village in Hauran, located 630 meters (0.4 miles) above sea level and 51 kilometers (32 mi) southern of Damascus in Syria.	Bassir	Syria
country	At Tutan (Persian: ات توتان‎, also Romanized as Āt Tūtān) is a village in Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District, Arshaq District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	At Tutan	Iran
country of citizenship	Hyman Wright (also known as Papa Life) is a record producer and audio engineer from Kingston, Jamaica, who has produced more than 150 reggae singles, mostly through his Brooklyn-based record label, Jah Life, which he founded in the late 1970s.	Hyman Wright	Jamaica
country of citizenship	After the war, Rosy Wertheim taught at the Music School in Laren, but contracted a serious illness and died May 27, 1949, in Laren, the Netherlands.	Rosy Wertheim	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Than Paing (Burmese: သန်းပိုင်; born 6 December 1996) is a footballer from Burma, and a Striker for the Myanmar U-19 football team.	Than Paing	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Astrith Baltsan (Hebrew: אסתרית בלצן‎) is an Israeli concert pianist, known for her interpretation of Beethoven, creator of a new concept of classical music concert, famous for her research of Israel's national anthem, Hatikvah.	Astrith Baltsan	Israel
country of citizenship	Valmar Castelo Sotto (also known as Val Sotto) is grandnephew of former Senator Filemon Sotto and grandson of former Senator Vicente Sotto in the Philippines.	Val Sotto	Philippines
country of citizenship	He has recorded a full version of Armenian Holy Mass in Syria In 2006, by the decree of the President of Armenia Robert Kocharyan, Maestro Karen Sargsyan was awarded the title of Honored artist of Republic of Armenia.	Karen Sargsyan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Raja Muhammad Fayyaz Ahmad (Urdu: راجا محمد فیاض احمد‎, born 1 June 1946) is a judge in Supreme Court of Pakistan and is a former Chief Justice of High Court of Balochistan.	Raja Muhammad Fayyaz Ahmad	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Mustafa III (Ottoman Turkish: مصطفى ثالث Muṣṭafā-yi sālis) (January 28/18, 1717 -- January 21, 1774) was the Sultan of the Ottoman Empire from 1757 to 1774.	Mustafa III	Ottoman Empire
country of citizenship	Susanne Wiest (born January 16, 1967) is an activist for the unconditional basic income who lives in Greifswald, Germany.	Susanne Wiest	Germany
country of citizenship	Klaus Henrikinpoika, lord of Joensuu and Kankainen (c. 1445 -- 1520) was in his time one of most influential magnates in Finland (then a part of Sweden).	Klaus Henrikinpoika	Finland	Sweden
country of citizenship	Emilio Ribeiro Neves da Silva, known simply as Emílio da Silva; born 5 April 1982 in Dili, Timor Timur, Indonesia, is a footballer from East Timor who has represented AD Esperança since 2004.	Emílio da Silva	East Timor
country of citizenship	Catherine Chidgey (born 1970, in New Zealand) grew up in the Hutt Valley.	Catherine Chidgey	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jan Boven (born February 20, 1972 in Delfzijl, Groningen) is a road bicycle racer from the Netherlands, who turned professional in 1996, and remained with the same team, Rabobank, until 2008.	Jan Boven	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Nguyễn Bá Cẩn (c. 1930 -- 20 May 2009) was Prime Minister of South Vietnam from 4 April 1975 until 24 April 1975; serving under Presidents Nguyễn Văn Thiệu (4 April to 21 April) and Trần Văn Hương (21 April to 24 April).	Nguyễn Bá Cẩn	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Saif bin Sultan II (c. 1706 -- 1743) was the sixth of the Yaruba dynasty of Imams of Oman, a member of the Ibadi sect.	Saif bin Sultan II	Oman
country of citizenship	Chalermpong Kerdkaew (Thai: เฉลิมพงษ์ เกิดแก้ว, born November 7, 1986), simply known as Chalerm (Thai: เฉลิม), is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Chalermpong Kerdkaew	Thailand
country of citizenship	Charles Alexander Young (December 29, 1856 -- September 28, 1928) was a grain dealer and political figure in Manitoba, Canada.	Charles Alexander Young	Canada
country of citizenship	Faruk Buljubašić (born in Bijeljina, Bosnia and Herzegovina) is a Bosnian songwriter.	Faruk Buljubašić	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Noel Mannion (born 12 January 1963 in Ballinasloe, Ireland) is a former Irish rugby union international player who played for the Irish national rugby union team.	Noel Mannion	Ireland
country of citizenship	Kristopher Moitland Cabezas (born September 2, 1983) is a two-time Olympic taekwondo practitioner, and a multiple-time Pan American Championship medalist from Costa Rica.	Kristopher Moitland	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Marjanu Vella (1927--1988) was a poet born in Tas-Sliema, Malta on the 14 December 1927.	Marjanu Vella	Malta
country of citizenship	Vivien Brisse (born 8 April 1988) is a track cyclist from France who also competed on the road.	Vivien Brisse	France
country of citizenship	Thomas William Walker, ONZM (2 July 1916 -- 8 November 2010) was an Anglo-New Zealand soil scientist.	Thomas William Walker	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Christin Petelski (born December 29, 1977) is a former competition swimmer and breaststroke specialist who represented Canada at two consecutive Summer Olympics in 1996 and 2000.	Christin Petelski	Canada
country of citizenship	``Notice nécrologique sur Edmond Saglio, membre de l'Institut, membre honoraire de la Société nationale des antiquaires de France (1828-1911)'' by Maurice Roy, Impr.	Edmond Saglio	France
country of citizenship	Pilar Shimizu (born 27 May 1996 in Tamuning, Guam) is a Guamanian breaststroke swimmer.	Pilar Shimizu	Guam
country of citizenship	Lukas Rotpuller (born 31 March 1991) is an Austrian footballer of Croatian descent who plays for Austria Wien in the Austrian Bundesliga.	Lukas Rotpuller	Austria
country of citizenship	Solomon Nikritin was born in Chernihiv, Ukraine (then part of the Russian Empire).	Solomon Nikritin	Russian Empire
country of citizenship	Eyvind Hellstrøm (born 2 December 1948 in Moss, Norway) is a chef and formerly the part owner of Bagatelle restaurant, a two-Michelin-starred restaurant in the city of Oslo.	Eyvind Hellstrøm	Norway
country of citizenship	Frederick Thomas Seelye (1879--1962) was a notable New Zealand analytical chemist and lecturer.	Frederick Thomas Seelye	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Faiza Seth (born c. 1977 in Hyderabad, India) is an American entrepreneur based in London.	Faiza Seth	India
country of citizenship	Peter Baltes (born 4 April 1958 in Solingen, Germany) is a German hard rock and heavy metal musician.	Peter Baltes	Germany
country of citizenship	James Walter Chapman-Taylor (24 June 1878 -- 25 October 1958) was one of New Zealandʼs most important domestic architects of his time, bringing the Arts and Crafts Movement to New Zealand houses he designed.	James Walter Chapman-Taylor	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Markus Reuter (born Lippstadt, Germany, 1972) is a German multi-disciplinary musician, composer, record producer and instrument designer.	Markus Reuter	Germany
country of citizenship	Geri Winkler (born 13 April 1956 in Vienna, Austria) is an Austrian mountaineer, who was the first insulin-dependent diabetic to reach the summit of Mount Everest.	Geri Winkler	Austria
country of citizenship	Christophe Clement (born November 1, 1965 in Paris, France) is a Thoroughbred horse trainer in the United States, who won the 2014 Belmont Stakes with Tonalist.	Christophe Clement	France
country of citizenship	Arghus holds a dual citizenship of Brazil and Italy.	Arghus	Brazil
country of citizenship	Percival Hill (born 4 July 1868, Kent Town, Adelaide, South Australia, died 24 July 1950, Adelaide) was a cricketer.	Percival Hill	Australia
country of citizenship	Abu Azmi (full name Abu Asim Azmi) (born 8 August 1955, Manjir Patti, Azamgarh district, Uttar Pradesh, India) is the president of the Maharashtra state branch of the Samajwadi Party (SP).	Abu Azmi	India
country of citizenship	Krzysztof Matyjaszczyk (born 1974) is the mayor of Częstochowa, Poland.	Krzysztof Matyjaszczyk	Poland
country of citizenship	Rosario Manalo (née González) is a career diplomat, political scientist, and educator in the Philippines.	Rosario Manalo	Philippines
country of citizenship	Bruno Marie-Rose (born 20 May 1965, in Bordeaux) is a retired sprinter from France .	Bruno Marie-Rose	France
country of citizenship	Eshetu Tura (Amharic: አሸቱ ቱራ?) (born January 19, 1950) is a retired long-distance runner from Ethiopia.	Eshetu Tura	Ethiopia
country of citizenship	Burhanullah Shinwari was the deputy chairman of the upper house of Afghanistan's legislature.	Burhanullah Shinwari	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Marian Munteanu (born 19 June 1962) is a former leader of the anti-government protests that took place in 1990 in Romania and were ended violently by the intervention of the miners (the Mineriad).	Marian Munteanu	Romania
country of citizenship	Kylie Bax (/ˈkaɪliː/; born 5 January 1975) is a New Zealand-born model and actress.	Kylie Bax	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hjalti Skeggiason was an Icelandic chieftain who supported Gizurr the White for the introduction of Christianity in Iceland, on the Althing in 1000.	Hjalti Skeggiason	Iceland
country of citizenship	Joseph Bosisto CMG, MLA JP (21 March 1827 -- 8 November 1898), was a chemist and politician in colonial Victoria, Australia.	Joseph Bosisto	Australia
country of citizenship	Jan Stolker (July 1, 1724 -- June 10, 1785) was a Netherlands printmaker, painter, painting dealer, and art collector.	Jan Stolker	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Sok Rithy (born December 30, 1990 in Cambodia) is a footballer for Nagaworld in the Cambodian League	Sok Rithy	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Owen Luder, CBE (born 7 August 1928) is an English architect who designed a number of notable and sometimes controversial buildings in the United Kingdom in the 1960s and 1970s, many now demolished.	Owen Luder	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Benoît Violier (French pronunciation: ​(bənwa vjɔlje); 22 August 1971 -- 31 January 2016) was a French-Swiss chef who had owned the three Michelin star Restaurant de l'Hôtel de Ville in a suburb of Lausanne, Switzerland from 2012 to his death.	Benoît Violier	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Eruera Te Whiti o Rongomai Love (18 May 1905--1942) was a New Zealand rugby player, interpreter and military leader.	Eruera Te Whiti o Rongomai Love	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Dmitri Marine (Russian: Дмитрий Александрович Марин; born May 21, 1984, in Moscow, Russia) is a Russian-born composer currently based in Montreal.	Dmitri Marine	Russia
country of citizenship	Ntare I Kivimira Savuyimba Semunganzashamba Rushatsi Cambarantama was the king of Burundi from 1680 to 1709.	Ntare I	Burundi
country of citizenship	Hakim Ben Hammouda (born 7 August 1961) is a Tunisian economist and was recently appointed the interim Finance Minister of Tunisia by the Prime Minister Mehdi Jomaa.	Hakim Ben Hammouda	Tunisia
country of citizenship	Winfried Vahland (born 1 April 1957 in Beckum, Germany) was the Chairman of the Board and CEO at Škoda Auto, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group.	Winfried Vahland	Germany
country of citizenship	Jessica Grant is a Canadian writer, whose debut novel Come, Thou Tortoise won the 2009 Winterset Award and the 2009 Books in Canada First Novel Award.	Jessica Grant	Canada
country of citizenship	Allan Alemán Avila (born 29 July 1983 in San José, Costa Rica) is a Costa Rican professional football player who plays for Xinjiang Tianshan Leopard in the China League One.	Allan Alemán	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Beker Fabian or the Waufarer Poet (namesake of the famous poet Gustavo Adolfo Bécquer), in Peru Beker Simón Fabián De Lao, is a Peruvian poet and writer and naturalized Italian.	Beker Fabian	Peru
country of citizenship	Stanislav Gorkovenko (born 1938) is an Azerbaijani conductor from Baku who used to take conducting lessons at both the Azerbaijan and Saint Petersburg Conservatories where he was under guidance from Nikolai Rabinovich.	Stanislav Gorkovenko	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Helen Va'aga (born 11 August 1977) is a former New Zealand rugby player who now coaches the Iranian women's team.	Helen Va'aga	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Dawn Sanders is a New Zealand theatre scholar and the founder and current CEO of the Shakespeare's Globe Centre New Zealand.	Dawn Sanders	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Commandant Virginie Guyot (born 30 December 1976 in Angers) is a fighter pilot of the Armée de l'Air who achieved an historical first when she was appointed leader of the Patrouille de France, becoming the first woman in the world to command a precision aerobatic demonstration team.	Virginie Guyot	France
country of citizenship	Elvia Ardalani or Elvia García Ardalani (born June 4, 1963 in Heroica Matamoros Tamaulipas, Mexico), is a Mexican writer, poet, and storyteller.	Elvia Ardalani	Mexico
country of citizenship	Dunja Vejzović (pronounced (dûɲa v̞ɛ̂jzɔv̞it͡ɕ); born October 20, 1943) is an acclaimed operatic soprano from Croatia.	Dunja Vejzović	Croatia
country of citizenship	José María García-Aranda Encinar (born 3 March 1956 in Madrid) is a retired football (soccer) referee from Spain, best known for supervising three matches during the 1998 FIFA World Cup in France.	José María García-Aranda	Spain
country of citizenship	Nathan Sherlock (born 2 February 1990) in Orange, New South Wales, Australia is an Australian footballer who plays for Sydney United.	Nathan Sherlock	Australia
country of citizenship	Professor Gerardo Ribeiro (born 1950, Oporto, Portugal), a world-renowned concert violinist, had taught at numerous Universities after studies at the Juilliard School of Music with Ivan Galamian in New York City.	Gerardo Ribeiro	Portugal
country of citizenship	Sonia Ruseler (born 1963 in Buenos Aires, Argentina), studied Social and Political Sciences at Cambridge University.	Sonia Ruseler	Argentina
country of citizenship	T. Gopinath Naidu (born 25 October), also known as the ``Wonder Boy'', is a former Malaysia footballer who was a striker for Kuala Lumpur FA, Perak FA and the Malaysia national football team.	T. Gopinath Naidu	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Perla Liberatori (born November 10, 1981 in Rome, Italy) is an Italian voice actress.	Perla Liberatori	Italy
country of citizenship	Ruby Thoma, born Ruby Dediya in 1949 in Nauru, is a Nauruan politician.	Ruby Thoma	Nauru
country of citizenship	Jelko Kacin (born 26 November 1955 in Celje, Lower Styria, SR Slovenia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Slovenian politician and a former Member of the European Parliament.	Jelko Kacin	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Countess Anna Maria Komorowska was born in Białogard, Poland.	Anna Maria Komorowska	Poland
country of citizenship	Joshua Matza (Hebrew: יהושע מצא‎, born 8 August 1931) is a former Israeli political figure and former president and CEO of State of Israel Bonds, a global enterprise that generates more than $1 billion in annual sales.	Joshua Matza	Israel
country of citizenship	Le-Aufa'amulia Asenati Lole-Taylor, known as Asenati Taylor, is a former New Zealand politician and a member of the House of Representatives.	Asenati Taylor	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Austin Stevens was born in Pretoria, South Africa and became interested in snakes at the age of 12.	Austin Stevens	South Africa
country of citizenship	Artur Davtyan (Armenian: Արթուր Դավթյան, born August 8, 1992 in Yerevan, Armenia) is an Armenian gymnast.	Artur Davtyan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Halema Boland (Arabic: حليمة بولند) (born December 10, 1980, Kuwait) is one of the most prominent entertainers in the Arab World.	Halema Boland	Kuwait
country of citizenship	Dick Jol (born 29 March 1956 in Scheveningen, Zuid-Holland) is a Dutch football referee, best known for supervising three matches during the 2000 UEFA European Football Championship held in Belgium and the Netherlands.	Dick Jol	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Tan Crone (born 's-Hertogenbosch, Netherlands, March 2, 1930; died Wassenaar, Netherlands, January 17, 2009) was a noted Dutch classical pianist.	Tan Crone	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Stella Roman (née Florica Viorica Alma Stela Blasu) was born in 1904 in Kolozsvár, Austria-Hungary (now Cluj-Napoca, Romania).	Stella Roman	Romania
country of citizenship	Michal Bat-Adam (originally named Michal Breslavy), was born in Afula, Israel to parents Yemima and Adam Rubin, who had immigrated from Warsaw in 1939.	Michal Bat-Adam	Israel
country of citizenship	Dr. Chukwuemeka Ezeife was elected governor of Anambra State in Nigeria from January 1992 to November 1993 during the Nigerian Third Republic.	Chukwuemeka Ezeife	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Tadeusz Puszczyński was born on February 2, 1895, in the village of Józinki near Piotrków Trybunalski in Congress Poland.	Tadeusz Puszczyński	Poland
country of citizenship	Ryszard Rogala (born 11 March 1975) is a Paralympic powerlifter of Poland.	Ryszard Rogala	Poland
country of citizenship	Téodor de Wyzewa, born as Teodor Wyżewski (12 September 1863 -- 7 April 1917), was a writer, critic, and translator of Polish descent, born in Russia, who emigrated to France in 1869.	Téodor de Wyzewa	France
country of citizenship	Carolin Golubytskyi (née Wutz, born 19 December 1985 in Bad Mergentheim, Germany) is a German foil fencer.	Carolin Golubytskyi	Germany
country of citizenship	Andrés Segovia Torres, 1st Marquis of Salobreña (Spanish: (anˈdɾes seˈɣoβja ˈtores)) (21 February 1893 -- 2 June 1987), known as Andrés Segovia, was a virtuoso Spanish classical guitarist from Linares, Spain.	Andrés Segovia	Spain
country of citizenship	Jarno Lippojoki is a Finnish ice hockey defenceman who currently plays professionally in Finland for KooKoo of the Mestis.	Jarno Lippojoki	Finland
country of citizenship	Ljubomir Mihajlovski (Macedonian: Љубомир Михајловски) (born 1954 in Skopje), is the minister of internal affairs of the Republic of Macedonia since December 2004.	Ljubomir Mihajlovski	Macedonia
country of citizenship	Daniel Meja was born in Nice, France, educated at the École supérieure de danse de Cannes Rosella Hightower in Cannes and in Paris.	Daniel Meja	France
country of citizenship	Myrtle May Simpson (1905--1981) was a notable New Zealand teacher, school inspector and educationalist.	Myrtle May Simpson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Rafael Montero (born 9 October 1953 in Mexico City) is a film director and script writer known as one of the leaders of New Mexican Cinema.	Rafael Montero	Mexico
country of citizenship	Ricardo Miró (Panama City, Panama, November 5, 1883 - March 2, 1940), was a Panamanian writer and is considered to be the most noteworthy poet of this country.	Ricardo Miró	Panama
country of citizenship	Åke Strömmer joined the national Swedish Radio-TV company Sveriges Radio and became a popular figure to viewer and listeners as one of the greatest Sports journalist in Sweden.	Åke Strömmer	Sweden
country of citizenship	Valayil Korath Mathews is an entrepreneur and the Founder Chairman of IBS Software Services, a software product company based out of India.	Valayil Korath Mathews	India
country of citizenship	Faith Macharia (born 9 February 1976, Nyeri, Kenya) is a Kenyan middle distance runner who specializes in the 800 metres.	Faith Macharia	Kenya
country of citizenship	Haribhai Parthibhai Chaudhary is an Indian Politician and is the current Minister of State for Home Affairs in Government of India.	Haribhai Parthibhai Chaudhary	India
country of citizenship	A right-handed batsman, Hasnain Qayyum played one Under-19 Test for Pakistan in 1993-94.	Hasnain Qayyum	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Abid Nabi (born 26 December 1985 in Srinagar, Jammu & Kashmir, India) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Jammu and Kashmir.	Abid Nabi	India
country of citizenship	Tony Aboyantz (21 January 1928 in Krasnodar, Russia - 10 November 1992 in Paris, France) was an Armenian director who resided mostly in France.	Tony Aboyantz	Russia
country of citizenship	Michalis Chrisochoidis was born on 31 October 1955, in Nisi near Alexandreia, in Imathia, Greece.	Michalis Chrisochoidis	Greece
country of citizenship	Félix Andrés Micolta or Félix Micolta for short (born 30 November 1989 in El Charco, Colombia) is a Colombiaian professional footballer, who plays as a midfielder for Mexican club Juárez.	Félix Micolta	Colombia
country of citizenship	Greg Francis (born April 4, 1974 in Toronto, Ontario) is the Manager of Men's High Performance at Canada Basketball.	Greg Francis	Canada
country of citizenship	Janet Arceo (born Janett Arceo Menéndez on September 30, 1955 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican actress, TV presenter, announcer, director and businesswoman.	Janet Arceo	Mexico
country of citizenship	Friedrich Gogarten (January 13, 1887 -- October 16, 1967) was a Lutheran theologian, co-founder of dialectical theology in Germany in the early 20th century.	Friedrich Gogarten	Germany
country of citizenship	Herodotos Giorgallas (born December 14, 1977) is a Gymnast from Cyprus who took gold at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester.	Herodotos Giorgallas	Cyprus
country of citizenship	Jean-Joseph Rabearivelo (4 March 1901 or 1903 -- 22 June 1937), born Joseph-Casimir Rabearivelo, is widely considered to be Africa's first modern poet and the greatest literary artist of Madagascar.	Jean-Joseph Rabearivelo	Madagascar
country of citizenship	Eric van der Linden (born 17 April 1974 in Schagen, North Holland) is an athlete from the Netherlands.	Eric van der Linden	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Ellen Key was born at Sundsholm mansion in Småland, Sweden, on 11 December 1849.	Ellen Key	Sweden
country of citizenship	Oday Rasheed (Born: June 17, 1973 in Baghdad, Iraq) is an Iraqi film director and writer.	Oday Rasheed	Iraq
country of citizenship	Princess Bee (real name Benedetta Paravia), is a POP and R&B singer/songwriter, soprano, philanthropist and producer, born in Italy but well known also in Middle East countries for her humanitarian effort.	Princess Bee	Italy
country of citizenship	Kenzō Kōno (Japanese: 河野謙三) (May 14, 1901 - October 16, 1983) was President of the Japan Association of Athletics Federations (1965-1975).	Kenzō Kōno	Japan
country of citizenship	Jamie Cox (born 15 October 1969 in Burnie, Tasmania, Australia) is a former opening batsman cricketer, who played for the Tasmanian Tigers in Australia's domestic competitions.	Jamie Cox	Australia
country of citizenship	Susanne Baer (born February 16, 1964) is a German legal scholar and one of the 16 judges of the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany.	Susanne Baer	Germany
country of citizenship	Emily Hulbert (born 20 December 1995) is an Australian football (soccer) player, who last played in Australia for Melbourne Victory in the Australian W-League.	Emily Hulbert	Australia
country of citizenship	William John Geddis (1860 -- 1 May 1926) was a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council from 7 May 1918 to 6 May 1925; then 7 May 1925 to 1 May 1926 when he died.	William John Geddis	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Walter Lassally was born in Berlin, Germany, and moved to England in 1939.	Walter Lassally	Germany
country of citizenship	Makhdoom Shahabuddin (Urdu, Saraiki: مخدوم شہاب الدین; born 7 April 1947) is a Pakistani politician and a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan (February 2008--present) who has held federal ministerial portfolios for finance, health and textiles.	Makhdoom Shahabuddin	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Ahmad Nesar (born 7 December 1958) is a former Afghanistan boxer, who competed at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the bantamweight event.	Ahmad Nesar	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Mario Pino Quivira is a Chilean geologist specialized in geoarchaeology and sedimentology that has been involved in several studies of early human settlements in Southern Chile.	Mario Pino Quivira	Chile
country of citizenship	Maurice Seynaeve (Heule (near Kortrijk) Belgium, 31 January 1907 -- Florencio Varela, Buenos Aires Argentina, 28 November 1998) was a Belgian Cyclo-cross rider in the years 1928--1940.	Maurice Seynaeve	Belgium
country of citizenship	Luthfi Assyaukanie (August 27, 1967), is a cofounder of the Liberal Islam Network (Jaringan Islam Liberal, JIL) in Indonesia, a lecturer at Paramadina University, and a research associate at the Freedom Institute.	Luthfi Assyaukanie	Indonesia
country of citizenship	K. Appukuttan Nair (1925--2007), better known as Kozhikodan, was a film critic and writer from Kerala state, India.	Kozhikodan	India
country of citizenship	Ramazan Rragami (born 3 April 1944 in Shkoder, Albania) is a former national football player and coach for Albania.	Ramazan Rragami	Albania
country of citizenship	Cornelius Forman Hatfield (December 27, 1828 -- June 13, 1910) was a merchant, shipbuilder, ship owner and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada.	Cornelius Forman Hatfield	Canada
country of citizenship	Taha Mortazavi SorkhKolaei (Persian: طاها مرتضوی سرخکلائی‎, born 27 May 1988 in Sari, Iran) is an Iranian futsal player.	Taha Mortazavi	Iran
country of citizenship	Minouche Smit (born 6 March 1975) is a former freestyle and medley swimmer from the Netherlands.	Minouche Smit	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Sasha Montenegro (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈsaʃa monteˈneɣɾo); born Aleksandra Aćimović Popović (Cyrillic: Александра Аћимовић Поповић) 20 January 1945) is an actress from Mexico.	Sasha Montenegro	Mexico
country of citizenship	Jean-David Malat (born in Paris, France in 1975) is an art dealer and curator, and current director of the London branch of Opera Gallery.	Jean-David Malat	France
country of citizenship	Kevin Kowalyk (born 27 September 1980 in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada) is a Canadian rower.	Kevin Kowalyk	Canada
country of citizenship	Marcel Mule was born in a village in Aube, France, to a father who learned the saxophone while doing his military service and became director of the brass band of Beaumont-le-Roger.	Marcel Mule	France
country of citizenship	Paolo Matthew Serrano (born August 17, 1987), more widely known as Paolo Serrano is a television and film actor in the Philippines.	Paolo Serrano	Philippines
country of citizenship	Michael McGarry (born 17 May 1965) was a successful association footballer who frequently represented New Zealand in the 1980s and 90s.	Michael McGarry	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Monika Jalili (Persian: مونیکا جلیلی ‎‎) is a vocalist singing songs of Iran, mostly in Persian.	Monika Jalili	Iran
country of citizenship	Hellen Toncio (born April 17, 1994) is a Chilean volleyball player and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universo Chile 2014 and represented Chile at the Miss Universe 2014.	Hellen Toncio	Chile
country of citizenship	Jozef Golonka (born January 6, 1938) is a former ice hockey player who played in the Czechoslovak Extraliga and was a member of the Czechoslovakia national ice hockey team.	Jozef Golonka	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Teodora Albon (born 2 December 1977 in Cisnădie, Romania) is a Romanian football referee.	Teodora Albon	Romania
country of citizenship	Verckys Kiamuangana Mateta, is a soukous recording artist, composer, saxophonist and band leader, in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).	Verckys Kiamuangana Mateta	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Khalid bin Abdullah Al Khalifa is a Bahraini royal and deputy prime minister of Bahrain.	Khalid bin Abdullah Al Khalifa	Bahrain
country of citizenship	Sein Lwin (Burmese: စိန်လွင်, pronounced: (sèiɴ lwɪ̀ɴ); 1923 -- 11 April 2004) was a President of Myanmar for 17 days in 1988.	Sein Lwin	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Dr. Habibollah Peyman (born 1935 in Shiraz, Iran) is an Iranian politician.	Habibollah Peyman	Iran
country of citizenship	Lisa Dillan (born 12 May 1969 in Bodø, Norway) is a Norwegian jazz vocalist and improvisational artist.	Lisa Dillan	Norway
country of citizenship	Yalçın Topçu was born in 1957 in Ardahan in eastern Turkey.	Yalçın Topçu	Turkey
country of citizenship	Serafin R. Cuevas (25 June 1928 -- 9 February 2014) was a Filipino lawyer and an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines appointed during the government of Ferdinand Marcos.	Serafin R. Cuevas	Philippines
country of citizenship	Mojtaba Taghavi (Persian: مجتبی تقوی‎‎, born February 2, 1968 in Karaj, Iran) is a retired Iranian football player and a current coach.	Mojtaba Taghavi	Iran
country of citizenship	Salah Zulfikar, one of Egypt's and the Arab World's great movie stars started his career as a police officer and a professor at the Police Academy.	Salah Zulfikar	Egypt
country of citizenship	María Lourdes Caldera Méndez is a pageant titleholder, was born in Maracaibo, Venezuela on January 24, 1983, and grew up in Caracas, Venezuela.	María Lourdes Caldera	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Jan Hambourg was born in Voronezh, Russia, the middle brother between the famous pianist Mark Hambourg (b. 1879) and the distinguished cellist Boris Hambourg (b. 1884), the sons of Michael Hambourg (pianist).	Jan Hambourg	Russia
country of citizenship	Upendra Mahato (Nepali: उपेन्द्र महतो) is a businessman of Nepalese origin living in Russia, where he is the president of the Russia-Nepal Chamber of Commerce and Industry.	Upendra Mahato	Nepal
country of citizenship	Jung Dong-ho (born January 11, 1975) is a Paralympian athlete from South Korea competing mainly in category T53 Sprint events.	Jung Dong-ho	South Korea
country of citizenship	Patrick Suffo Kengné (born 17 January 1978 in Ebolowa, Cameroon) is a footballer currently playing for Coventry United.	Patrick Suffo	Cameroon
country of citizenship	Hannele Klemettilä (Hannele Klemettilä-McHale, b. 1966, Helsinki, Finland) is a Finnish historian and author living in the medieval village of Sonning-on-Thames in the county of Berkshire.	Hannele Klemettilä	Finland
country of citizenship	William James Butler (18 March 1858 -- 10 December 1932) was a New Zealand sawmiller and timber merchant.	William James Butler	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Den Hegarty (born Denis Hegarty, 13 September 1954, Dublin, Ireland) is a rock and roll, doo-wop and a cappella singer.	Den Hegarty	Ireland
country of citizenship	Roberto Cláudio Rodrigues Bezerra is a Brazilian politician, currently the mayor of Fortaleza, the fifth largest city in Brazil.	Roberto Cláudio	Brazil
country of citizenship	Abdur Rehman Hashim Syed, also known as Pasha, is a retired Major in the Pakistan army, accused of involvement with terrorism.	Abdur Rehman Hashim Syed	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Boris Podrecca (born 30 January 1940) is a Slovene-Italian architect and urban designer living in Vienna, Austria.	Boris Podrecca	Austria
country of citizenship	Francisco Adriano Caro Rodríguez (born 1870) was the eighth mayor of the commune of Pichilemu, Chile, an office which he held between December 1925 and May 1927.	Francisco Adriano Caro	Chile
country of citizenship	Not to be confused with another Nepalese footballer also named Lalit Thapa, who is a midfielder that plays for Nepal national under-17 football team.	Lalit Thapa	Nepal
country of citizenship	Simphiwe Nongqayi (born 18 February 1972) is a retired professional boxer from South Africa.	Simphiwe Nongqayi	South Africa
country of citizenship	Nathaniel Young Armstrong Wales (1832 -- 3 November 1903) was a 19th-century architect, Member of Parliament, and Mayor in Dunedin, Otago, New Zealand.	Nathaniel Young Armstrong Wales	New Zealand
country of citizenship	William Rickarby Campbell (6 February 1840--20 August 1918) was a New Zealand presbyterian minister.	William Rickarby Campbell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mikhail Puntov (born 23 December 1995, also known as Misha) from Voronezh competed in the 2008-edition of Junior Eurovision Song Contest representing Russia.	Mikhail Puntov	Russia
country of citizenship	Jovianney Emmanuel Cruz is a classical pianist from the Philippines.	Jovianney Emmanuel Cruz	Philippines
country of citizenship	Yeang's operating headquarters for his company Hamzah and Yeang is in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, with other offices in London as Ken Yeang Design International and Beijing (China) as North Hamzah Yeang Architectural and Engineering Company.	Ken Yeang	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Desmond Kelly is a Ceylonese musician who has entertained in Sri Lanka and in Australia.	Desmond Kelly	Australia
country of citizenship	Mykolas Burokevičius (October 7, 1927 -- January 20, 2016) was a communist political leader in Lithuania.	Mykolas Burokevičius	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Vince Farrar won a cap for England while at Featherstone Rovers in 1977 against France, and won a cap for Great Britain while at Hull in 1978 against Australia.	Vince Farrar	Australia
country of citizenship	Wilfried Hilker (born 13 August 1930 in Ahlen) is a former football referee from Germany.	Wilfried Hilker	Germany
country of citizenship	At 16, he gave his first concert, as Dickie Pride at the Kilburn Gaumont State Cinema, which was then the biggest cinema in the United Kingdom.	Dickie Pride	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Tarundeep Rai (Nepali/Hindi: तरूणदीप राई; born 22 February 1984, in Namchi, Sikkim, India) is an Indian archer.	Tarundeep Rai	India
country of citizenship	Mish'al Muhammad Rashid Al-Shedocky was a citizen of Saudi Arabia who was held in extrajudicial detention in the United States's Guantanamo Bay detention camps, in Cuba.	Mish'al Muhammad Rashid Al-Shedocky	Saudi Arabia
country of citizenship	Makhdoom Ali Khan is a former Attorney General of Pakistan, former chairman Pakistan Bar Council, former member of the Law and Justice Commission of Pakistan, former board member of the Federal Judicial Academy of Pakistan and a former board member of the Sindh Judicial Academy.	Makhdoom Ali Khan	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Noora Hautakangas (born 1984 in Soini) is Miss Finland (Miss Suomi) 2007 and was Finland's representative in Miss Universe 2007.	Noora Hautakangas	Finland
country of citizenship	Álvaro Longoria (born 1968 in Santander, Cantabria, Spain) is a film director, executive producer, and actor.	Álvaro Longoria	Spain
country of citizenship	Arne Bergsgård was born in Vestre Slidre in Oppland and grew up in Vang, Norway.	Arne Bergsgård	Norway
country of citizenship	Benjamín Gutiérrez (born January 3, 1937 in Guadalupe, Costa Rica) is a celebrated composer in Costa Rica.	Benjamín Gutiérrez	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Lateef Adegbite (20 March 1933 -- 28 September 2012) was a lawyer who became Attorney General of the Western Region of Nigeria, and who later became Secretary-General of the Nigerian Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs.	Lateef Adegbite	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Mekhak Ghazaryan (Armenian: Մեխակ Ղազարյան; born December 13, 1966 in Gyumri, Shirak), also known as Mikhail Kazaryan, is a retired amateur boxer from Armenia.	Mekhak Ghazaryan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Javier Retamozo is a keyboardist of Heavy metal and Hard rock in Argentina	Javier Retamozo	Argentina
country of citizenship	Diána Kőszegi (born 1983, in Hungary) is the first Hungarian professional Go player.	Diána Kőszegi	Hungary
country of citizenship	Felix English (born 11 October 1992) is a professional cyclist from Brighton who rides for Ireland.	Felix English	Ireland
country of citizenship	Elsa Bruckmann (23 February 1865 -- 7 June 1946), born Princess Cantacuzene of Romania, was the wife of Hugo Bruckmann, publisher of the writings of Houston Stewart Chamberlain.	Elsa Bruckmann	Romania
country of citizenship	In 1986 Mykola Babak came back to Ukraine.	Mykola Babak	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Markus Hallgrimson (born May 31, 1975 in Germany) is a German professional basketball player, most notable for his NCAA record for 16-three-point field goals in a single game.	Markus Hallgrimson	Germany
country of citizenship	Ian Peters (born 1941) is a former New Zealand politician of the National and New Zealand First parties.	Ian Peters	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Princess Mabel of Orange-Nassau (formerly Mabel Martine Wisse Smit, born Mabel Martine Los, 11 August 1968) is the widow of Prince Friso, brother of King Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands.	Princess Mabel of Orange-Nassau	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Italian pianist and composer Giuseppe Devastato was born in Napoli, Italy.	Giuseppe Devastato	Italy
country of citizenship	George Naoupu (born 4 September 1983) is a professional rugby union player from New Zealand.	George Naoupu	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Chandikadas Amritrao Deshmukh also known as Nanaji Deshmukh (11 October 1916 -- 27 February 2010) was a social activist from India.	Nanaji Deshmukh	India
country of citizenship	Francisco Xavier de Luna Pizarro (November 3, 1780 -- February 2, 1855), a Peruvian priest and politician, was briefly Interim President of Peru twice in 1822 and 1833.	Francisco Xavier de Luna Pizarro	Peru
country of citizenship	Larissa Netšeporuk (née Larisa Teteryuk; born 24 December 1970 in Romny, Ukraine) is a retired heptathlete who represented Ukraine and Estonia.	Larissa Netšeporuk	Estonia
country of citizenship	Sepala Ekanayake (Sepala Ekanayaka) (born June 3, 1949, in Karatota, Matara, Sri Lanka) is a Sri Lankan hijacker who gained international notoriety after hijacking an Alitalia Boeing 747 with 340 passengers on June 30, 1982.	Sepala Ekanayake	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Luke Kennedy is an Australian performer best known for placing second on the second season of The Voice (Australia).	Luke Kennedy	Australia
country of citizenship	Theresa Fu (born 22 September 1984) is a Hong Kong Cantopop singer, film and television actress, and model.	Theresa Fu	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Rabbi Yisrael Ariel (born 1939) was the chief rabbi of the evacuated Israeli settlement of Yamit in the Sinai Peninsula during the years when the Sinai was controlled by Israel, and the founder of the Temple Institute (Machon HaMikdash).	Yisrael Ariel	Israel
country of citizenship	Ste van Holm (born Stefan Holm, 1977, Frederiksberg, Copenhagen, Denmark) is a Danish musician and video artist of Faroese descent living in North Zealand, Denmark.	Ste van Holm	Denmark
country of citizenship	Jean Origer was born in Esch-Alzette and later became a member of the Chamber of Deputies of Luxembourg.	Jean Origer	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Mikhail Borovitinov (Russian: Михаил Михайлович Боровитинов, 2 August 1874 in Saint Petersburg, Russia - died unknown) was a Russian lawyer and leader of the Russian Imperial Finnish Senate (Prime Minister of Finland) in the years 1913 - 1917, heading its Home Office.	Mikhail Borovitinov	Finland
country of citizenship	Benjamin Varonian (born June 15, 1980 in Nice, France) is a French-Armenian Olympic gymnast.	Benjamin Varonian	France
country of citizenship	Scott Wills (born 1971) is a New Zealand actor who has starred in several films and has also appeared on television and theatre.	Scott Wills	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Roy Strandem (born April 5, 1932) is a Norwegian ice hockey player, born in Oslo, Norway.	Roy Strandem	Norway
country of citizenship	BP Fallon commented in 2008: ``Without Dave Fanning on the radio, music in Ireland would have had a poorer face.	Dave Fanning	Ireland
country of citizenship	Curt Echtermeyer was born in Valparaíso, Chile, in 1896 as the son of an immigrant who soon returned to Germany, and his Chilean wife.	Curt Echtermeyer	Germany
country of citizenship	Fahrudin Jusufi (Serbian Cyrillic: Фахрудин Јусуфи; born 8 December 1939) is a former international footballer who played for Yugoslavia.	Fahrudin Jusufi	Yugoslavia
country of citizenship	Kunal Basu was born in Kolkata to Sunil Kumar Basu (a litterateur and publisher and one of the early members of the Communist Party of India) and Chabi Basu (an author and actress).	Kunal Basu	India
country of citizenship	Domenico De Lillo (born 30 August 1937) is a retired cyclist from Italy who specialized in motor-paced racing.	Domenico De Lillo	Italy
country of citizenship	Laura Daniela Lloreda (born April 30, 1981, in Hato Rey, San Juan, Puerto Rico) holds dual citizenship as a Puerto Rican-born naturalized Mexican citizen and volleyball player in Mexico.	Laura Daniela Lloreda	Mexico
country of citizenship	Fanny de Sivers studied humanities and arts at the University of Tartu from (1938 to 1941), left Estonia and moved to Germany in 1941, marrying von Sivers.	Fanny de Sivers	Estonia
country of citizenship	John Bach (born 5 June 1946) is a New Zealand actor who has acted on stage, television and film over a period of more than three decades.	John Bach	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Natasha Alam was born and raised in Uzbekistan and attended school with the aim of becoming a clothing designer.	Natasha Alam	Uzbekistan
country of citizenship	Wasantha Aluwihare (born 16 July 1962) is a Sri Lankan politician from Matale and a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka belonging to the United National Party.	Wasantha Aluwihare	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Vibeke Videm (born 1957) is a Professor of immunology at the Medical Faculty of the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU) in Trondheim, Norway, and a consulting physician at the Department of Immunology and Transfusion Medicine, St Olav's University Hospital.	Vibeke Videm	Norway
country of citizenship	Tim Brunero (born 1976) is known to the Australian television-viewing public as the runner-up of Big Brother Australia 2005.	Tim Brunero	Australia
country of citizenship	Pjetër Zakaria was born in the mid 14th century in northern Albania.	Pjetër Zakaria	Albania
country of citizenship	Inger Kathrine Jacobsen (5 September 1867--22 October 1939) was a New Zealand midwife.	Inger Kathrine Jacobsen	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Thomas Heberer, Ph.D. (born 13 November 1947 in Offenbach/Main) is a Senior professor of Chinese Politics & Society at the University Duisburg-Essen, Germany.	Thomas Heberer	Germany
country of citizenship	Heather Taylor (born 9 September 1977 in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada) is a Canadian poet, writer, filmmaker, and social media and community specialist.	Heather Taylor	Canada
country of citizenship	Modest Morariu (August 11, 1929 -- April 15, 1988) was a poet, essayist, prose writer and translator from Romania.	Modest Morariu	Romania
country of citizenship	Carlos Saladrigas Zayas (Carlos Eduardo Ramón Saladrigas y Zayas; October 13, 1900 in Havana, Cuba -- 15 April 1956 in Miramar, Havana, Cuba) was a Cuban politician and diplomat.	Carlos Saladrigas Zayas	Cuba
country of citizenship	Histiaeus (Ancient Greek: Ἱστιαῖος, died 493 BC), the son of Lysagoras, was the tyrant of Miletus in the late 6th century BC. Histiaeus owed his status as tyrant of Miletus to Darius I, king of Persia, who had subjugated Miletus and the other Ionian states in Asia Minor.	Histiaeus	Miletus
country of citizenship	Lt Col Islam ul Haque, PhD is a retired Pakistan Army Officer from Corps of Engineers.	Islam ul Haq	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Charles Wesley Colter (February 26, 1846 -- July 25, 1929) was a lawyer, publisher and political figure in Ontario, Canada.	Charles Wesley Colter	Canada
country of citizenship	In 2007, Slimmy returned to Portugal, embarking on an extensive national tour in preparation for the release of his debut album ``Beatsound Loverboy'', on the Som Livre label.	Slimmy	Portugal
country of citizenship	Roberto Gerhard was born in Valls, near Tarragona, Spain, the son of a German-Swiss father and an Alsatian mother.	Roberto Gerhard	Spain
country of citizenship	James White Crooks (February 3, 1866 -- September 4, 1944) was a pharmacist, business owner and politician in Ontario, Canada.	James White Crooks	Canada
country of citizenship	Suleiman Mahmoud al-Obeidi (Arabic: سليمان محمود العبيدي) is a senior military officer in Libya.	Suleiman Mahmoud	Libya
country of citizenship	Manasse ǃNoreseb Gamab (also Manasse of Hoachanas, circa 1840--1 December 1905) was the thirteenth Kaptein of the Khaiǁkhaun (Red Nation), a subtribe of the Nama people in Namibia, between 1880 and 1905.	Manasse ǃNoreseb	Namibia
country of citizenship	Hiroki Nakajima (born July 5, 1988) in Tokyo, Japan is a Japanese welterweight kickboxer fighting out of Tokyo, Japan for the Bungeling Bay gym.	Hiroki Nakajima	Japan
country of citizenship	Derek Handley (born 1978 in Hong Kong) is a New Zealand entrepreneur, speaker and author.	Derek Handley	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Nirmal Ulhas Kulkarni (born 27 December 1978 in Mumbai, India) is a herpetologist, field ecologist, conservationist, and wildlife photographer.	Nirmal Ulhas Kulkarni	India
country of citizenship	The first artist signed to the label Motown France, Vitaa released her debut solo album A fleur de toi on 5 February 2007, which peaked at number one in France.	Vitaa	France
country of citizenship	Daniel Birgmark (born in Gothenburg on March 5, 1973) is a sailor representing Sweden at Sailing at the 2008 Summer Olympics --	Daniel Birgmark	Sweden
country of citizenship	Noemí Rial (Spanish pronunciation: (noemi rial); born in Buenos Aires, 28 April 1947) is a lawyer and politician from Argentina serving at present as her country's Secretary of Labor.	Noemí Rial	Argentina
country of citizenship	Noritsugu Oda (織田憲嗣, born 1946) is an author and illustrator from Kochi Prefecture, Japan.	Noritsugu Oda	Japan
country of citizenship	Wojciech Gerson (July 1, 1831 -- February 25, 1901) was a leading Polish painter of the mid-19th century, and one of the foremost representatives of the Polish school of Realism during the foreign Partitions of Poland.	Wojciech Gerson	Poland
country of citizenship	Major General Ameer Faisal Alavi (28 March 1954 -- 19 November 2008) was a Pakistan Army two-star general and special operations expert who was the first General Officer Commanding (GOC) of the elite Special Service Group of Pakistan Army.	Ameer Faisal Alavi	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Raj Singh Arora (born September 26, 1984, Jammu, Jammu and Kashmir, India) is an Indian television actor, best known for his role as Yuvraj in the STAR One series Remix.	Raj Singh Arora	India
country of citizenship	Petronel Malan (born 23 February 1976 in Pretoria, South Africa) is a South African concert pianist.	Petronel Malan	South Africa
country of citizenship	Kanwal Naz (born: 25 December 1989 is an international cricketer from Pakistan. She is a Left-handed batswoman and Slow left-arm orthodox bowler.	Kanwal Naz	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Carole Rouillard (born March 15, 1960 in Montreal, Quebec) is a retired long-distance runner from Canada, who represented her country twice in the women's 10,000 metres at the Summer Olympics, starting in 1988 (Seoul, South Korea).	Carole Rouillard	Canada
country of citizenship	Gianluca Faliva was born in Camposampiero, Padua, Italy, and did not start playing rugby until he was 20, when he joined CUS Padova Rugby under pressure from some of his colleagues in the Italian Police who also played for the club.	Gianluca Faliva	Italy
country of citizenship	Richard Phillips Hotham (died October 10, 1840) was an English-born lawyer and political figure in Upper Canada.	Richard Phillips Hotham	Canada
country of citizenship	Ibeth Mónica Heredia Fárez (born May 10, 1991 in Morona Santiago) is a judoka from Ecuador.	Mónica Heredia	Ecuador
country of citizenship	Massimo Fenati (born: Genoa, Italy, 1969), is an Italian comic book artist, illustrator and animator.	Massimo Fenati	Italy
country of citizenship	Nicolae Mișu (1858--1924) was a Romanian politician and diplomat who served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Romania.	Nicolae Mișu	Romania
country of citizenship	Hamed Shiri (Persian: حامد شیری‎); is an Iranian Football Defender, who as of 2011 plays for the Iranian football club Saipa in the Iran Pro League.	Hamed Shiri	Iran
country of citizenship	Sharis Cid (born 5 September 1970 in Chihuahua, Chih., Mexico) is a Mexican actress who has participated in several telenovelas, like DKDA, Salud, Dinero y Amor and La Intrusa.	Sharis Cid	Mexico
country of citizenship	Igor Sergei Klinki (born 10 October 1959, in Kiev, Ukraine) is a ``virtual'' poet created by the Argentine writer, artist, photographer and illustrator Rafael San Martín.	Igor Sergei Klinki	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Sampsa Timoska (born 12 February 1979 in Kokemäki, Finland) is a Finnish footballer who plays in defence.	Sampsa Timoska	Finland
country of citizenship	Erik Engstrom is the son of Alice Engstrom and Dr Kjell Engstrom of Täby, Sweden, who was managing director of the Swedish Museum of Natural History, Stockholm.	Erik Engstrom	Sweden
country of citizenship	In 2012, Ayesha Sana exposed her second marriage with MD PTV Yousuf Baig Mirza a media tycon and friend of Asif Ali Zardari who was the President of Pakistan at that time.	Ayesha Sana	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Romeo Rivera is a veteran actor in the Philippines.	Romeo Rivera	Philippines
country of citizenship	Joanna de Albuquerque Maranhão Bezerra de Melo, or Joanna Maranhão (born April 29, 1987 in Recife, Pernambuco) is a swimmer from Brazil, who competed at three consecutive Summer Olympics for her native country, starting in 2004.	Joanna Maranhão	Brazil
country of citizenship	Christina Stresemann (born 1957) is a Judge at the Federal Court of Justice of Germany.	Christina Stresemann	Germany
country of citizenship	François Marandet, ``Louis Galloche et Fançois Lemoyne: caractères distinctifs et œuvres inédites'', La Revue des Musée de France.	Louis Galloche	France
country of citizenship	Tony Vinson AM (born 11 November 1935) is ``one of Australia's leading social scientists and outspoken public intellectuals''.	Tony Vinson	Australia
country of citizenship	Constantin Constantinescu-Claps (February 20, 1884 -- 1961) was a Romanian military commander during World War II, condemned as a military criminal in the Communist Romania after the war (later exonerated).	Constantin Constantinescu-Claps	Romania
country of citizenship	Joel Alme (born 1980) is a pop singer from Gothenburg, Sweden.	Joel Alme	Sweden
country of citizenship	Manuel Romo Rodríguez was a painter from Estación Torres, Sonora, Mexico, who was born in 1920.	Manuel Romo Rodríguez	Mexico
country of citizenship	Simone Del Duca's philanthropic work was recognized by the government of France who made her a commander of the Legion of Honor.	Simone Del Duca	France
country of citizenship	Karim Khalili (Persian: کریم خلیلی‎) is the former Vice President of Afghanistan in the administration of President Hamid Karzai.	Karim Khalili	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Umayalpuram K. Narayanaswamy (1929--1997, India), was a Carnatic classical percussionist.	Umayalpuram K. Narayanaswamy	India
country of citizenship	Dele Jegede was born in 1945 in Ikere-Ekiti, Ekiti State, Nigeria and earned his first degree in Fine Arts from the Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, Nigeria, in 1973.	Dele Jegede	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Thoma Deliana (1925--2014) was an Albanian politician of the Communist Albania period, being the longest serving Minister of Education (1963-1976) in overall.	Thoma Deliana	Albania
country of citizenship	Nicolas Rostoucher (born February 15, 1981 in Colmar, Haut-Rhin) is a freestyle and medley swimmer from France, who is on the French National Swimming Team since 2000.	Nicolas Rostoucher	France
country of citizenship	Line Horntveth (born 26 November 1974 in Tønsberg, Norway) is a Norwegian musician (tuba, flute and vocals), the sister of the musicians Martin and Lars Horntveth, married to the upright bassist Bjørn Holm, and known from a series of recordings within Jaga Jazzist.	Line Horntveth	Norway
country of citizenship	Sir Ponnambalam Ramanathan, KCMG, KC (15 April 1851 -- 30 November 1930) was a Solicitor-General and Tamil political leader in Sri Lanka.	Ponnambalam Ramanathan	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Cay Lembcke (15 December 1885 - 31 January 1965) was a co-founder of the Danish Boy Scouts Organization in 1910 and the National Socialist Workers' Party of Denmark in 1930.	Cay Lembcke	Denmark
country of citizenship	Bogusław Bagsik (born April 8, 1963 in Bytom, Poland) is a Polish businessman, politician and patron of arts.	Bogusław Bagsik	Poland
country of citizenship	Joan Soriano is a bachata singer and guitarist from the Dominican Republic.	Joan Soriano	Dominican Republic
country of citizenship	Helmer Andersen Gjedeboe was born on the farm Geitbuan at Orkdal in Sør-Trøndelag, Norway.	Helmer Andersen Gjedeboe	Norway
country of citizenship	Simone Vanni (born 16 February 16, 1979, in Pisa, Italy) is an Italian foil fencer and Olympian.	Simone Vanni	Italy
country of citizenship	Pierre de Ronsard (11 September 1524 -- 27 December 1585) was a French poet and ``prince of poets'' (as his own generation in France called him).	Pierre de Ronsard	France
country of citizenship	Mehrdad Bayrami (Persian: مهرداد بایرامی‎‎, September 21, 1990 in Ardabil, Iran) is an Iranian footballer who plays for Foolad in the Persian Gulf Pro League.	Mehrdad Bayrami	Iran
country of citizenship	Hans Chrunak (born 1950 in Landskrona, Sweden) is the former head coach of the Swedish national swim team between 1991 and 2000.	Hans Chrunak	Sweden
country of citizenship	Jaja of Opobo (full name: Jubo Jubogha; 1821--1891) was a merchant prince and the founder of Opobo city-state in an area that is now part of Nigeria.	Jaja of Opobo	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Chernyaha Petro Hervaziyovych (24 October 1946 -- 12 May 2014) was a Ukrainian scientist and public figure, professor, PhD (Technical Sciences), a member of the Construction Academy of Ukraine and the Academy of Higher Education Sciences of Ukraine, the Honoured Educator of Ukraine and the Honoured Land Surveyor of Ukraine.	Chernyaha Petro Hervaziyovych	Ukraine
country of citizenship	José Luís played four times for Portugal during two years, his debut being on 21 September 1983 against Finland for the UEFA Euro 1984 qualifiers, scoring the fourth goal in a 5--0 home win.	José Luís	Portugal
country of citizenship	Frédéric Lepage is a best-selling author of novels such as La Fin du septième jour or La Mémoire interdite, published in numerous countries including France, Germany, Japan and Greece.	Frédéric Lepage	France
country of citizenship	Georges Schwizgebel, born on 28 September 1944 in Reconvilier, Switzerland, is a Swiss animation film director whose paint-on-glass-animated 2004 film L'Homme sans ombre (The Man With No Shadow) won various awards.	Georges Schwizgebel	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Hāmiora Mangakāhia (1838 -- 4 June 1918) was a prominent Māori chief and the first Premier of Te Kotahitanga, the movement for an independent Māori parliament in New Zealand in the 1890s.	Hāmiora Mangakāhia	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Bogusław Mamiński (born December 18, 1955 in Kamień Pomorski) is a retired long-distance runner from Poland, known for winning the silver medal in the men's 3,000m Steeplechase event at the 1982 European Championships in Athens, Greece.	Bogusław Mamiński	Poland
country of citizenship	Dian Wei (died 197) was a military officer serving under the warlord Cao Cao in the late Eastern Han dynasty.	Dian Wei	Eastern Han
country of citizenship	Vipin Vijay(Born 25 March 1977) is an award winning contemporary film director and screenwriter from India.	Vipin Vijay	India
country of citizenship	Tim Prendergast is a Paralympian athlete from New Zealand competing mainly in category T13 middle distance events.	Tim Prendergast	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Erró (born Guðmundur Guðmundsson in 1932 in Ólafsvík, Iceland) is a postmodern artist.	Erró	Iceland
country of citizenship	Nguyễn Đình Thuận was the Secretary of State under President Ngo Dinh Diem of South Vietnam.	Nguyễn Đình Thuận	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Christopher Shanahan (born 18 September 1960) is a Senior Counsel barrister in the state of Western Australia.	Christopher Shanahan	Australia
country of citizenship	Aldo Maria Lazzarín Stella (1926--2010) was the Italian-born in Selva di Volpago del Montello, Italy.	Aldo Maria Lazzarín Stella	Italy
country of citizenship	Ronald M. Hahn (born December 20, 1948 in Wuppertal, Germany) is a German science-fiction writer, translator and author of reference books pertaining to speculative literature and film.	Ronald M. Hahn	Germany
country of citizenship	Tamer Şahin (born August 10, 1981 in İzmir, Turkey) is a Turkish hacker.	Tamer Şahin	Turkey
country of citizenship	Myriam J. A. Chancy (born 1970) is a Haitian-Canadian writer who was born in Port-au-Prince, Haiti and raised in Quebec City, Canada.	Myriam J. A. Chancy	Canada
country of citizenship	Saeed Bin Nasir (born 19 December 1979 in Karachi, Sindh) is a Pakistani first-class cricketer who plays for Karachi and Pakistan A. A right-handed middle order batsman, he was included in the squad for a Test series against Bangladesh in 2003-04 but did not play a Test.	Saeed Bin Nasir	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Hideo Sawada (Japanese: 澤田秀雄, born February 4, 1951) is the founder of H.I.S., one of the largest travel companies in Japan.	Hideo Sawada	Japan
country of citizenship	Ercan Şahin (born 1971 in Turkey) is a Turkish folk musician.	Ercan Şahin	Turkey
country of citizenship	Justice Peter Jamadar is a Justice of Appeal in the Court of Appeal of the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago.	Peter Jamadar	Trinidad and Tobago
country of citizenship	Joseph Epstein (October 16, 1911 -- April 11, 1944 in Fort Mont-Valérien, France), also known as Colonel Gilles and as Joseph Andrej, was a Polish-born Jewish communist activist and a French Resistance leader during World War II. He was executed by the Germans.	Joseph Epstein	France
country of citizenship	Larisa Iordache was born in Bucharest, Romania, where she still lives today.	Larisa Iordache	Romania
country of citizenship	Armand Vaquerin (21 February 1951 -- 12 July 1993) was a French Rugby union footballer that represented France.	Armand Vaquerin	France
country of citizenship	From 2002 to 2004 he was a member of the Press Council of India but it was in the field, as a practising photojournalist, and later as photo-editor, that N. Thiagarajan made his name.	N. Thiagarajan	India
country of citizenship	The Dolmetsch family was originally of Bohemian origin, but (Eugène) Arnold Dolmetsch, the son of Rudolph Arnold Dolmetsch and his wife Marie Zélie (née Guillouard) was born at Le Mans, France, where the family had established a piano-making business.	Arnold Dolmetsch	France
country of citizenship	Beat Solèr, better known by his stage name Seelenluft, is a producer of electronic music from Switzerland.	Seelenluft	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Natalie La Rose was born on 12 July 1988, in Amsterdam in the Netherlands.	Natalie La Rose	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Thomas Wilfred (June 18, 1889 in Naestved, Denmark - June 10, 1968 in Nyack, New York) born Richard Edgar Løvstrøm, was a musician and inventor.	Thomas Wilfred	Denmark
country of citizenship	Huang Feng (黃楓) (born 1919) is a Hong Kong based film director, screenwriter, and actor.	Huang Feng	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Anna Puu (born Anna Puustjärvi; February 3, 1982 in Outokumpu, Finland) is a Finnish pop singer.	Anna Puu	Finland
country of citizenship	Asmeret Yosef is a former asylum-seeking immigrant from Eritrea who was deported from the United States in 2006, after incorrect advice from a lawyer caused her to make mistakes in her immigration process.	Asmeret Yosef	Eritrea
country of citizenship	Amarsinh Chaudhary (31 July 1941, Surat, Gujarat, India -- 15 August 2004, Ahmedabad, Gujarat) was an Indian politician.	Amarsinh Chaudhary	India
country of citizenship	Ye Fei (Chinese: 叶飞; 7 May 1914 -- 18 April 1999) was a Filipino-Chinese military general and politician of the People's Republic of China.	Ye Fei	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Sergey Gridin (Kazakh: Сергей Гридин; born 20 May 1987) is a Kazakh football player, who plays for FC Okzhetpes in the Kazakhstan Premier League and internationally for Kazakhstan.	Sergey Gridin	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	Zakaria Bakkali (born 26 January 1996) is a Belgian professional footballer of Moroccan descent who plays for Spanish club Valencia CF and the Belgium national football team as a winger.	Zakaria Bakkali	Belgium
country of citizenship	Brigadier Jerry (born Robert Russell, 28 September 1957, Kingston, Jamaica) is a Jamaican dancehall reggae deejay known for his ``cultural'' lyrics.	Brigadier Jerry	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Gleb Travin was a Russian bicyclist, known for circumnavigating Soviet Union on bicycle between 1928 and 1931.	Gleb Travin	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Héctor Zumbado was born in the zone of Vedado, at Havana, Cuba, in 1932.	Héctor Zumbado	Cuba
country of citizenship	Dame Rose Heilbron DBE QC (19 August 1914 -- 8 December 2005) was an outstanding English barrister of the post-war period in the United Kingdom.	Rose Heilbron	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Konrad Zdarsa held Austrian citizenship based on his father's nationality and was able to travel abroad without restrictions even from communist East Germany.	Konrad Zdarsa	Germany
country of citizenship	Eleni Avlonitou began her swimming career at the relatively late age of 10 at Ethnikos Gymnastikos Syllogos of Athens, one of the oldest sports clubs in Greece.	Eleni Avlonitou	Greece
country of citizenship	Marit Bjørgen (born 21 March 1980) is a Norwegian cross-country skier and six times Olympic champion from Midtre Gauldal, Norway.	Marit Bjørgen	Norway
country of citizenship	Yñigo Ortiz de Retez was born in Retes de Llanteno (Alava, Spain) in a non-titled nobility family (hidalgos) in the first decade of the 16th-century.	Yñigo Ortiz de Retez	Spain
country of citizenship	Leopoldina Fortunati teaches Sociology of Communication and Sociology of Cultural Processes at the Faculty of Education of the University of Udine, Italy.	Leopoldina Fortunati	Italy
country of citizenship	Joseph-William Gagnon (February 15, 1879 -- December 17, 1929) was a politician in the Quebec, Canada.	Joseph-William Gagnon	Canada
country of citizenship	Stéphane Delaprée, born in Paris, France, in 1956, is a French-Canadian artist resident in Cambodia and is known for his ``Happy Painting'', naive paintings combining humor & realism.	Stéphane Delaprée	France
country of citizenship	Augustin Botescu is a Romanian football manager who coached Romania in the 1960 European Nations' Cup.	Augustin Botescu	Romania
country of citizenship	Giulio Superti-Furga was educated at the German School of Milan (DSM) in Milan, Italy.	Giulio Superti-Furga	Italy
country of citizenship	The Blessed starets Saint Paul of Taganrog (Russian: Павел Таганрогский - Pavel Taganrogskiy, born Pavel Pavlovich Stoykov) dramatically influenced the belief in God and spiritual outlook of inhabitants of Taganrog, Don Land, South of Russia and Ukraine.	Paul of Taganrog	Russia
country of citizenship	Tércio Pacitti (born September 9, 1928 in Atibaia), São Paulo, Brazil is an electronic engineer and computer scientist in Brazil.	Tércio Pacitti	Brazil
country of citizenship	Ebrahim Mirzapour's introduction to the Iranian football squad certainly raised a few eyebrows in Iran when the ex-national team coach, the Croat Miroslav Blazevic preferred him to some more experienced goal keepers.	Ebrahim Mirzapour	Iran
country of citizenship	Wladimir von Pawlowski (29 August 1891 -- 1961) was an Austrian lawyer and Nazi politician, who served as Gauleiter (Party Leader) and Reichsstatthalter (Reich Governor) of Carinthia after Austria was annexed by the Nazi Germany.	Wladimir von Pawlowski	Austria
country of citizenship	Erwin Leonard Guy Abel (23 October 1911 -- 1 May 1995) was a New Zealand grocer, businessman, athlete and racehorse owner.	Erwin Leonard Guy Abel	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Djaili Amadou Amal is a Fula, native to the Diamare in the Far North region of Cameroon, and grew up in the region's principal city, Maroua.	Djaili Amadou Amal	Cameroon
country of citizenship	Engebret Olsen Moe was born at Vaker in Norderhov, now Ringerike, Norway.	Engebret Olsen Moe	Norway
country of citizenship	Michael de Grussa (born 27 May 1982, in Adelaide, South Australia) is an Australian singer/songwriter.	Michael de Grussa	Australia
country of citizenship	Isaac Musekiwa is a soukous recording artist and saxophonist, in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).	Isaac Musekiwa	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Dattatraya Bhikaji Kulkarni is a Marathi writer, critic, retired university professor and freelance writer belonging to Maharashtra, India.	Dattatraya Bhikaji Kulkarni	India
country of citizenship	Pia Pakarinen (born October 5, 1990) is a Finnish actress, model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Suomi 2011, the official representative of Finland to the 2011 Miss Universe pageant.	Pia Pakarinen	Finland
country of citizenship	Jean-Marie Runiga Lugerero is an evangelical bishop and the former President of the March 23 Movement (M23), a rebel military faction in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, which took control of the eastern city of Goma in November, 2012.	Jean-Marie Runiga Lugerero	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Riad Sattouf was born in Paris to a Syrian father and French mother and spent his childhood in Libya and Syria, then returned to France to spend his teenage years in Brittany, studying in Rennes.	Riad Sattouf	France
country of citizenship	Tales Schütz (born 22 August 1981 in Porto Alegre, Brazil) is a Brazilian footballer who is currently playing for Esporte Clube São José.	Tales Schütz	Brazil
country of citizenship	Kendall Brown (born in Dunedin, New Zealand, 15 August 1989), is a halfpipe snowboarder based in Wanaka, New Zealand.	Kendall Brown	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Sverre Bergh was born in Asker outside Oslo, Norway.	Sverre Bergh	Norway
country of citizenship	Carlo Lacana (born November 11, 1998) in Laoag City, Philippines) is a Filipino child actor.	Carlo Lacana	Philippines
country of citizenship	Jules Angst (born 1926) is Emeritus Professor of Psychiatry at Zurich University in Zurich, Switzerland, and Honorary Doctor of Heidelberg University in Heidelberg, Germany.	Jules Angst	Switzerland
country of citizenship	S. Chand Group New Delhi (India), 1974 His Majesty's Paying Guest by Lal Bahadur Basnet.	Lal Bahadur Basnet	India
country of citizenship	Arthur Higelin (born Paris, France, 27 March 1966), better known under his stage name Arthur H (aʁtyʁ ɑːʃ), is a pianist, songwriter and singer.	Arthur H	France
country of citizenship	Babak Amin Tafreshi (born in 1978 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian amateur astronomer, photographer, and science journalist.	Babak Amin Tafreshi	Iran
country of citizenship	Steve Askew collaborated with Lu Cozma on the album 'Red' Following the release of RED, Cozma and Askew extensively toured the United Kingdom and with Askew supported ``Breaking Glass'' singer Hazel O'' Connor on the UK leg of her ``Hidden Heart'' tour.	Steve Askew	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Behzad Behzadi (1927 in Astara, Iran -- February 27, 2008 in United States) was an Iranian lawyer, Azerbaijani language author, and owner and manager-in-charge of the Azari quarterly magazine.	Behzad Behzadi	Iran
country of citizenship	Jonas Bretkūnas, Johann(es) Bretke was born in Prussia in 1536.	Jonas Bretkūnas	Prussia
country of citizenship	Edward Leedskalnin was born January 12, 1887, according to World War I draft registration records, in Stāmeriena parish, Latvia.	Edward Leedskalnin	Latvia
country of citizenship	Alex Hermans is a Paralympian athlete from Belgium competing mainly in category F36 shot put events.	Alex Hermans	Belgium
country of citizenship	Solomon Lew (born 22 March 1945) is an Australian businessman, and one of Australia's richest men.	Solomon Lew	Australia
country of citizenship	Thomas Hickersberger (born August 21, 1973) is a retired Austria international football player and a coach who is currently an assistant manager with Rapid Vienna.	Thomas Hickersberger	Austria
country of citizenship	Abdulla Yusuf Helal (born 12 June 1993) is a Bahraini professional footballer who plays as a defender who currently plays for East Riffa and Bahrain.	Abdulla Yusuf Helal	Bahrain
country of citizenship	Frederick Joseph Kühtze (8 April 1833--21 November 1901) was a New Zealand brewer.	Frederick Joseph Kühtze	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Born in Lagos, Nigeria, Frank Temile began his football career in his native Nigeria where he began with Covenant Lagos.	Frank Temile	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Eugène Moke Motsüri (March 25, 1916 -- April 6, 2015) was a Democratic Republic of the Congo prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.	Eugène Moke Motsüri	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Guillermo Vargas Jiménez, also known as Habacuc, (born September 18, 1975, in San José, Costa Rica) is an artist best known for the controversy caused when he exhibited an emaciated dog in a gallery in Nicaragua in 2007.	Guillermo Vargas	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	David Matthew Molony was a New Zealand cricketer active from 1985 to 1988 who played for Wellington cricket team, Wellington Second XI (1985/86--1993/94).	David Matthew Molony	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hywel ab Edwin (died 1044) was king of Deheubarth in south Wales from 1033 to 1043.	Hywel ab Edwin	Wales
country of citizenship	František Pitra (born 13 November 1932) was the Prime Minister of the Czech Socialist Republic (then part of Czechoslovakia) from October 11, 1988 through February 6, 1990.	František Pitra	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Nguyễn Hồng Sơn (born on October 9, 1970) is a former Vietnamese football player, who played for the Thể Công football club and the Vietnam national football team (one of the best players in the national team).	Nguyễn Hồng Sơn	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Eloi Charlemagne Taupin (17 August 1767--10 April 1814) became a French soldier before the French Revolution and was killed in 1814 leading his division in battle against the British and the Spanish in southern France.	Eloi Charlemagne Taupin	France
country of citizenship	Tamati Ngakaho (?--1904) was a New Zealand Ngāti Porou carver.	Tamati Ngakaho	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Line Haddad (born 13 February 1978 in L'Union, France) is a French pair skater who has also competed for Israel.	Line Haddad	France
country of citizenship	Marlies Amann-Marxer (born July 31, 1952) is a politician from Liechtenstein who serves as the current Minister of Infrastructure, Environment and Sport in the Government of the Principality of Liechtenstein.	Marlies Amann-Marxer	Liechtenstein
country of citizenship	Rewarded by the International Prize ProArte (Russia), Olga Kisseleva works in collaboration with The Academy of Sciences `` Hybrid Space '', a body of twelve interactive installations, a perilous game, that explores the capacity of the spectator to reveal the presence of a border, that separates reality and the imagination.	Olga Kisseleva	Russia
country of citizenship	Martin Hirsch (born 6 December 1963 in Suresnes) is the former head of Emmaüs France, the former High Commissioner for Active Solidarity against Poverty, and the High Commissioner for Youth in the government of François Fillon.	Martin Hirsch	France
country of citizenship	Leutenegger also founded his own construction firm in Switzerland in 1965, Hans Leutenegger AG, a business that continues as of 2012.	Hans Leutenegger	Switzerland
country of citizenship	James David Morton Foreman (24 April 1902--4 June 1992) was a New Zealand engineer, car salesman, businessman, plastics manufacturer and dollmaker.	James David Morton Foreman	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Anandavally born into an Agricultural family at Veliyam, Quilon District, Kerala, India.	Anandavally	India
country of citizenship	Lindsay Yeo is a New Zealand broadcaster who for some time had his own radio programme on Newstalk ZB, and continues to make regular relief appearances on the network.	Lindsay Yeo	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Gilles Proulx (born April 5, 1940) is a historian, radio and television host in the province of Quebec, Canada.	Gilles Proulx	Canada
country of citizenship	Abraham Isaac Steytler (5 February 1840 - 17 December 1922) was a minister of the Nederduitse Gereformeerde Kerk in South Africa.	Abraham Isaac Steytler	South Africa
country of citizenship	Edward Lofley (c.1840--1889) was a New Zealand soldier, spa proprietor, tourist guide, journalist and character.	Edward Lofley	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Pierre de Saintignon is born May 22, 1948 in Angers, a city in western France, about 300 km southwest of Paris.	Pierre de Saintignon	France
country of citizenship	Kamran Ashraf Urdu:کامران اشرف (born September 30, 1973) is a former field hockey player from Pakistan, who was born in Sialkot.	Kamran Ashraf	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Oleh Dubyna (Ukrainian: Олег Дубина; born 20 March 1959) is a former chairman of the board of the Ukraine's national oil and gas company Naftogaz Ukrainy.	Oleh Dubyna	Ukraine
country of citizenship	George Albert Tuck (1884--1981) was a notable New Zealand builder, soldier and diarist.	George Albert Tuck	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Christopher Senyonjo (also Ssenyonjo; born 1932) is a clergyman and campaigner for LGBT rights in Uganda.	Christopher Senyonjo	Uganda
country of citizenship	Nandikeshvara (2nd century AD) was the great theorist on stage-craft of ancient India, redoubtable rival of Bharata Muni.	Nandikeshvara	India
country of citizenship	Leopold Lummerstorfer (born 1968 in Gramastetten, Austria) is an Austrian film director, author and producer.	Leopold Lummerstorfer	Austria
country of citizenship	Nickey Iyambo (born 20 May 1936) is a Namibian politician and physician who is the first and current Vice President of Namibia since 2015.	Nickey Iyambo	Namibia
country of citizenship	Bart Veldkamp (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈbɑrt ˈfɛltkɑmp); born 22 November 1967) is a retired speed skater, who represented both the Netherlands and Belgium in international competitions, including the Winter Olympics.	Bart Veldkamp	Netherlands	Belgium
country of citizenship	Velaiyar was born in a town called Kanchipuram (Kanchipuram) Thondai mandalam in Tamil Nadu, South India into an orthodox Saiva Tamil (Desikar) family around the middle of (17th century).	Velaiyar	India
country of citizenship	Kim Kwan-jin (Hangul: 김관진; hanja: 金寬鎭; born August 27, 1949) is Chief of The National Security Office in South Korea, following his appointment in the year of 2014.	Kim Kwan-jin	South Korea
country of citizenship	Kristian Kjøndal (born 1985 in Larvik, Norway) is a Norwegian poker player, who came in fourth in the season 3 EPT grand final.	Kristian Kjøndal	Norway
country of citizenship	Gemma Sanderson (born 10 July 1983) is an Australian model, best known for winning the first cycle of the reality television show Australia's Next Top Model.	Gemma Sanderson	Australia
country of citizenship	Jean Arnault (born in 1951 in France) is the UN Secretary-General's Delegate to the Sub-Commission on End of Conflict issues in the Colombia Peace Talks.	Jean Arnault	France
country of citizenship	Abdoulatifou Aly (born April 12, 1960) is a member of the National Assembly of France and represents the island of Mayotte.	Abdoulatifou Aly	France
country of citizenship	Rick Ardon (born 4 March 1959 in Perth, Western Australia), is a news presenter on Seven News in Perth, Western Australia.	Rick Ardon	Australia
country of citizenship	Tahmina Niyazova (Tajik: Таҳмина Ниёзова, Persian: تهمینه نیازوا‎‎; born 14 February 1989, in Dushanbe, Tajikistan) is a Tajiki singer.	Tahmina Niyazova	Tajikistan
country of citizenship	Dorothea of Saxe-Lauenburg (9 July 1511 -- 7 October 1571), consort of Christian III from 1525 and Queen consort of Denmark and Norway.	Dorothea of Saxe-Lauenburg	Denmark	Norway
country of citizenship	Michael Robin Bynoe (born February 23, 1941, Black Rock, Saint Michael, Barbados) is a former West Indian cricketer who played in four Tests from 1959 to 1967.	Robin Bynoe	Barbados
country of citizenship	Since his earlier age, René de Cárdenas has been cradled by music and art : his mother was a professor at Cuba's National Art Academy.	René de Cárdenas	Cuba
country of citizenship	Uta Barth (born 1958 in Berlin, Germany) is a contemporary photographer who lives and works in Los Angeles, California.	Uta Barth	Germany
country of citizenship	Orlando Amêndola is a former Olympic freestyle swimmer, Water polo player and rower from Brazil, who participated at one Summer Olympics for his native country.	Orlando Amêndola	Brazil
country of citizenship	Zena Tooze (born 3 May 1955) is a Canadian biologist and conservationist who has worked in Nigeria in the area of primate conservation since 1991.	Zena Tooze	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Ianina Zanazzi (born January 7, 1982 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is a professional racecar driver.	Ianina Zanazzi	Argentina
country of citizenship	Diamantino Leong, also known as Ady or Adi (born 8 October 1986, in Dili, East Timor) is a football player.	Diamantino Leong	East Timor
country of citizenship	André Soares Ribeiro da Silva, more commonly known as André Soares (30 November 1720 -- 26 November 1769) was a leading Portuguese sculptor and architect active in Northern Portugal during the 18th century.	André Soares	Portugal
country of citizenship	Sabine Meyer, born 30 March 1959, in Crailsheim (Baden-Württemberg - Germany), is a German classical clarinetist.	Sabine Meyer	Germany
country of citizenship	S. D. Subramania Yogi, popularly known as S. D. S. Yogi (Tamil: ச. து. சு. யோகி) was a Tamil director, playwright, screenplay writer and poet from Tamil Nadu, India.	S. D. S. Yogi	India
country of citizenship	Jerzy Kossak was a prolific painter of mostly historic scenes featuring the famed Polish Uhlans on horses, usually sold on the spot, but also used for barter at times of the postwar economic slump, until his death before the end of Stalinism in Poland.	Jerzy Kossak	Poland
country of citizenship	Cilou Annys (born 20 March 1991) is a Belgian model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Belgium 2010 on 10 January 2010.	Cilou Annys	Belgium
country of citizenship	Nurkurniati Aisyah Dewi (born 4 March 1970 in Jakarta, Indonesia), better known as Nia Dinata, is an award-winning Indonesian film director.	Nia Dinata	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Bernadette Hall (born 1945 in Alexandra, New Zealand) is a New Zealand writer and poet.	Bernadette Hall	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Bruno Stagno Ugarte (born 1970 in Paris, France) was the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Costa Rica from 2006 to 2010 and was the president of the Assembly of States Parties of the International Criminal Court (ICC) from 2005 to 2008.	Bruno Stagno Ugarte	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Klaus Ebner was born on August 8, 1964 in Vienna, Austria, where he grew up.	Klaus Ebner	Austria
country of citizenship	Alok Bhargava (born 13 July 1954, Alwar, India) is an Indian-American econometrician.	Alok Bhargava	India
country of citizenship	Jerzy Szczakiel (born 29 January 1949, in Grudzice, Poland) is a retired Speedway rider.	Jerzy Szczakiel	Poland
country of citizenship	Khaled Mobayed (Arabic: خالد المبيض ‎) (born May 6, 1993 in Syria) is a Syrian football player who is currently playing for Al-Taliya in the Syrian Premier League.	Khaled Mobayed	Syria
country of citizenship	Sajjad Ali (born 24 August 1966) is a Pakistani semi-classical, pop and rock singer, poet, actor, director and producer from Lahore, Pakistan.	Sajjad Ali	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Hugh Gourley (1825 -- 16 December 1906) was a New Zealand politician born in Ireland.	Hugh Gourley	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Éric Legnini (born in Huy, near Liège, Belgium on 20 February 1970) is a Belgian jazz pianist and leader of the Éric Legnini Trio.	Éric Legnini	Belgium
country of citizenship	Catherine Plewinski (born 12 July 1968 in Courrières, Pas-de-Calais) is a former freestyle and butterfly swimmer from France, who won two bronze medals at the Summer Olympics.	Catherine Plewinski	France
country of citizenship	Iva Kramperová studied at the Music Faculty of Academy of Performing Arts in Prague (Prof. Ivan Straus, Leos Cepicky), she has participated in several master classes in the Czech Republic (Václav Hudeček) and abroad (France - Régis Pasquier).	Iva Kramperová	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Yuri Lotman was born in the Jewish intellectual family of lawyer Mikhail Lotman and Sorbonne-educated dentist Aleksandra Lotman in Petrograd, Russia.	Yuri Lotman	Russia
country of citizenship	Therese Grankvist spent her childhood in Nässjö, Sweden.	Therese Grankvist	Sweden
country of citizenship	Sigurd I Magnusson (c. 1090 -- 26 March 1130), also known as Sigurd the Crusader (Old Norse: Sigurðr Jórsalafari, Norwegian: Sigurd Jorsalfar), was King of Norway from 1103 to 1130.	Sigurd the Crusader	Norway
country of citizenship	Tilly Key started singing at age six and gained recognition in France.	Tilly Key	France
country of citizenship	Sir Mike Mbama Okiro was the Inspector General of the Nigeria Police Force from 2007 to 2009.	Mike Mbama Okiro	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Nicholas Loney (1826 in Plymouth, United Kingdom -- 23 April 1869 Mount Kanlaon in Negros Island, Philippines) was a British businessman and Vice Consul in the Philippines.	Nicholas Loney	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Born in Kabylie, French Algeria, Sail Mohamed served in the French Colonial Forces.	Sail Mohamed	Algeria
country of citizenship	Charles Richard Ogden (February 6, 1791 -- February 19, 1866) was a Joint Premier of the Province of Canada for Canada East from 1842 with William Henry Draper PM for Canada West.	Charles Richard Ogden	Canada
country of citizenship	Jean-Marie Bottequin is the son of Wallonian (French speaking southern part of Belgium) Prof. Dr. Armand Bottequin (professor for philosophy, theatrical science und Romanic languages) and his Flemish wife, nurse and social worker, Odile Maenhout.	Jean-Marie Bottequin	Belgium
country of citizenship	Jacques Foccart (31 August 1913 -- 19 March 1997) was a chief adviser for the government of France on African policy as well as the co-founder of the Gaullist Service d'Action Civique (SAC) in 1959 with Charles Pasqua, which specialized in covert operations in Africa.	Jacques Foccart	France
country of citizenship	Anna Falchi (Italian pronunciation: (ˈanna ˈfalki); born Anna Kristiina Palomäki on 22 April 1972 in Tampere, Finland) is an Italian-Finnish model and film actress.	Anna Falchi	Finland
country of citizenship	Paul Nettleton is a lawyer and politician from British Columbia, Canada.	Paul Nettleton	Canada
country of citizenship	Achille Urbain: ``Le kou-prey ou bœuf gris cambodgien'', Bulletin de la Société Zoologique de France 62(5), 1937, pp. 305--307.	Achille Urbain	France
country of citizenship	Jana Bach (born 10 April 1979, in Eisleben, Germany) is a German pornographic actress, model, and television host.	Jana Bach	Germany
country of citizenship	Marlon Evans (born 3 August 1997) is a Guamanian international footballer who plays for Wings in the Guam Men's Soccer League	Marlon Evans	Guam
country of citizenship	Louis Edgard de Trentinian was born in Brest, France on 25 August 1851, His family was hereditary nobility of Breton origin, with a military tradition.	Edgard de Trentinian	France
country of citizenship	Ewen Solon (7 September 1917 -- 7 July 1985) was a New Zealand-born actor, who worked extensively in both the United Kingdom and Australia.	Ewen Solon	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Amit Bagaria is Founder Chairman of Asipac Group in Bangalore, India.	Amit Bagaria	India
country of citizenship	After having had minor roles in different films, David Dencik became an established actor in Sweden for his role as the killer John Ausonius in the three-part TV mini-series Lasermannen in 2005.	David Dencik	Sweden
country of citizenship	Luit Bieringa (born 1942) is a New Zealand art historian, museum consultant and documentary maker.	Luit Bieringa	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Colonel Muktar Hussein Afrah (Somali: Mukhtaar Xuseen Afrax) is an officer in the army of the Transitional Federal Government of Somalia.	Muktar Hussein Afrah	Somalia
country of citizenship	Gonzalo Tancredi (born 3 August 1963) is an Uruguayan astronomer and associated professor in the Department of Astronomy at the University of the Republic in Montevideo, Uruguay.	Gonzalo Tancredi	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Anand Narain Mulla (October 1901--12 June 1997) was a prominent Urdu poet of India.	Anand Narain Mulla	India
country of citizenship	Wilberforce Talel (born January 10, 1980 in Marakwet District) is runner from Kenya.	Wilberforce Talel	Kenya
country of citizenship	Viktor Prokopenko (Ukrainian: Віктор Прокопенко) (24 October 1944 -- 18 August 2007) was a football (soccer) player and coach who played in GDR and Ukrainian SSR and later worked as a coach in Russia and Ukraine.	Viktor Prokopenko	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Father Cyril Axelrod (born Sheftil ben Avram Abba on 24 February 1942 in Johannesburg, South Africa) is a deafblind Catholic priest of the Redemptorist Order known for his work for the deaf and deafblind people around the world, especially in South Africa, China and the United Kingdom.	Cyril Axelrod	South Africa
country of citizenship	In January 2015, after featuring regularly with the under-17s, Thiago Maia was called up to the Brazil under-20 side, alongside Santos teammates Gabriel and Caju, for the 2015 South American Youth Football Championship.	Thiago Maia	Brazil
country of citizenship	Amy Atkinson (born August 5, 1989 in Ostfildern, Baden-Württemberg, Germany) is a sprinter and middle distance runner from Guam.	Amy Atkinson	Guam
country of citizenship	Abdullah Naker (also al-Zintani) (born 1971 or 1972 in Zintan, Libya) is the head of the Tripoli Revolutionist Council (TRC).	Abdullah Naker	Libya
country of citizenship	Born in 1888 in Kraków, Poland, Jean Lambert-Rucki was the youngest of a large family.	Jean Lambert-Rucki	Poland
country of citizenship	Walter Dieminger, (July 7, 1907 -- September 29, 2000) was a German space scientist and director of Germany's Max Planck Institute for Aeronomy from 1955 to 1975.	Walter Dieminger	Germany
country of citizenship	Arif Abdullayev (Azerbaijani: Arif Abdullayev; born 28 August 1968, Baku, Azerbaijan) is an Azerbaijanian wrestler.	Arif Abdullayev	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Rick Hoogendorp (born 12 January 1975 in Blerick, Limburg) is a former football striker from the Netherlands.	Rick Hoogendorp	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Jorge Rivera Galindo (born October 28, 1978 in Puerto Tejada, Cauca, Colombia) is a Colombian footballer currently playing for León de Huánuco of the Primera División in Peru.	Jorge Rivera Galindo	Colombia	Peru
country of citizenship	Stanisław Gądecki (born 1949) is the Current Bishop of Poznan, Poland.	Stanisław Gądecki	Poland
country of citizenship	Georgette Koko (born 16 March 1953) is a Gabonese politician who served in the government of Gabon as Deputy Prime Minister for the Environment from January 2006 to October 2009.	Georgette Koko	Gabon
country of citizenship	Jaime Matossian (born September 26, 1955 in Madrid, Spain) is a retired Armenian-Spanish equestrian.	Jaime Matossian	Spain
country of citizenship	Gains Whiting (1865--1946) was a New Zealand trade unionist and political activist.	Gains Whiting	New Zealand
country of citizenship	A Native of Lucerne from the valley of the lakes Seetal Switzerland, Robert Trunz's love for music and sounds was triggered at an early age.	Robert Trunz	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Jacques Santini (born 25 April 1952 in Delle, France) is a former football player and manager.	Jacques Santini	France
country of citizenship	John Thomas Bell (1878--1965) was, together with his two sons, the founder of Bellway, one of the United Kingdom's largest housebuilding businesses.	John Thomas Bell	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Thomas Broun (15 July 1838--24 August 1919) was a New Zealand soldier, farmer, teacher and entomologist.	Thomas Broun	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Martim Lourenço da Cunha (1300-) was a Portuguese nobleman, 1st Lord of Pombeiro, during The Kingdom of Portugal.	Martim Lourenço da Cunha	Portugal
country of citizenship	Carl Cachopa (born 17 May 1986) is a New Zealand cricketer who plays domestically for Auckland (and previously also for Central Districts).	Carl Cachopa	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Churchill Julius (15 October 1847 -- 1 September 1938) was an Anglican cleric in England, then in Australia and New Zealand, becoming the first Archbishop of New Zealand.	Churchill Julius	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Kamlesh Makvana (born 31 August 1983 in Rajkot, Gujarat, India) is a cricketer who plays domestic cricket for Saurashtra.	Kamlesh Makvana	India
country of citizenship	Alexander Nikolaevich Gorban (Russian: Александр Николаевич Горба́нь) is a scientist of Russian origin, working in the United Kingdom, professor of the University of Leicester, director of the Mathematical Modeling Centre.	Alexander Nikolaevich Gorban	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Kim Newcombe (2 January 1944 -- 14 August 1973), was a Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from New Zealand.	Kim Newcombe	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Juan Manuel Falcón Jiménez (born 24 February 1989) is a Venezuelan professional footballer who plays for French Ligue 2 club FC Metz and the Venezuela national football team as a striker.	Juan Manuel Falcón	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Henry Anglade (born Thionville, France, 6 July 1933) is a former French cyclist.	Henry Anglade	France
country of citizenship	Born in Aachen, Germany, the son of the doctor Carl Georg Hasenclever (1855--1934) and his wife Mathilde Anna (1869--1953), Walter Hasenclever began studying law at Oxford University in 1908 before changing to the University of Lausanne.	Walter Hasenclever	Germany
country of citizenship	Ettore Mendicino (born February 11, 1990 in Milan, Italy) is an Italian footballer who plays as a striker for Lega Pro Prima Divisione club Salernitana, on loan from Lazio.	Ettore Mendicino	Italy
country of citizenship	Henning Borch is a former world class badminton player from Denmark who won major tournaments from the early 1960s to the early 1970s.	Henning Borch	Denmark
country of citizenship	Following the positive reception of Ex-Futur Album, Marc Hollander and Véronique Vincent formed a new ive line-up of Aksak Maboul and performed around twenty concerts in Belgium, France, Germany, Switzerland and the Netherlands.	Marc Hollander	Belgium
country of citizenship	Jean Marie Rebischung is a French composer born 30 March 1962, in Marseilles, France	Jean Marie Rebischung	France
country of citizenship	Ichiro Nakamura (died 1999), was the late director of the Society of Johrei, Kyoto, Japan.	Ichiro Nakamura	Japan
country of citizenship	Marcelo Quiroga Santa Cruz (13 March 1931 -- 17 July 1980) was a noted writer, dramatist, journalist, social commentator, university professor, and socialist political leader from Bolivia.	Marcelo Quiroga Santa Cruz	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Lluís Martínez Sistach (born 29 April 1937, Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain) is a Cardinal and Archbishop emeritus of Barcelona.	Lluís Martínez Sistach	Spain
country of citizenship	Andrew Kooman is an author and playwright from Red Deer, Alberta, Canada.	Andrew Kooman	Canada
country of citizenship	Marc Arnold (born 19 September 1970 in Johannesburg) is a retired German-South African footballer who spent his entire professional career in Germany.	Marc Arnold	Germany
country of citizenship	Laureano Fuentes Matons (Santiago de Cuba, 3 July 1825 -- 30 September 1898) came from a family of musicians and wrote the first opera to be composed on the island, La hija de Jefe (The Chief's daughter).	Laureano Fuentes Matons	Cuba
country of citizenship	Claes Björklund (born 1971 in Motala, Sweden) is a Swedish multi instrumentalist musician, producer and songwriter currently residing in Stockholm.	Claes Björklund	Sweden
country of citizenship	Jacek Proć (born 9 September 1981 in Legnica) is an archer from Poland.	Jacek Proć	Poland
country of citizenship	Prince Norodom Chantaraingsey, a grandson of Norodom of Cambodia and cousin of King Norodom Suramarit, was born in 1926 in Phnom Penh.	Norodom Chantaraingsey	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Juliusz Kossak grew up in Lwów during the military partitions of Poland.	Juliusz Kossak	Poland
country of citizenship	Valeria Bilello (born 2 May 1982, Sciacca, Sicily, Italy) is an Italian actress and model.	Valeria Bilello	Italy
country of citizenship	Napat Tapketkaew (Thai: ณภัทร ทับเกตุแก้ว, born June 29, 1982) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Napat Tapketkaew	Thailand
country of citizenship	Víctor Neumann-Lara (1933--2004) was a Mexican mathematician, pioneer in the field of graph theory in Mexico.	Víctor Neumann-Lara	Mexico
country of citizenship	Matthias Rath (born 1955 in Stuttgart, Germany) is a controversial doctor, businessman, and vitamin salesman.	Matthias Rath	Germany
country of citizenship	Iiro Viinanen (born September 27, 1944, Kuopio, Finland) is a Finnish politician.	Iiro Viinanen	Finland
country of citizenship	Thokozani Langa (born 9 February 1972) is a Maskanda musician from Mahlabathini, Kwa-Zulu Natal, South Africa.	Thokozani Langa	South Africa
country of citizenship	Louis-Marie-Raphaël Barbier (11 March 1792 -- 29 April 1852) was a physician and surgeon from Berthier-en-Haut in Lower Canada.	Louis-Marie-Raphaël Barbier	Canada
country of citizenship	Kamorudeen Adekunle Adedibu was elected Senator for the Oyo South constituency of Oyo State, Nigeria, taking office on 29 May 2007.	Kamorudeen Adekunle Adedibu	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Fiona Farrell, ONZM (born 1947) is a New Zealand poet, fiction writer and playwright.	Fiona Farrell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Dr. Ansar Pervaiz, also spelled as (Dr. Ansar Parvez), PhD HI, is a Pakistani scientist and a nuclear engineer who was the former chairman of the Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission (PAEC), and current chairman of the Board of Governors of International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).	Ansar Pervaiz	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Jay Abbass (born 1957) is a lawyer, businessman, former stockbroker and former political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada.	Jay Abbass	Canada
country of citizenship	Otto Fabricius was born in Rudkøbing on the island of Langeland, Denmark where his father was a rector.	Otto Fabricius	Denmark
country of citizenship	Harry Thuku (1895--1970), was a Kenyan politician, who was one of the pioneers in the development of modern African nationalism in Kenya.	Harry Thuku	Kenya
country of citizenship	Reinhild Hoffmann moved to southern Germany as a child and studied ballet at a school in Karlsruhe.	Reinhild Hoffmann	Germany
country of citizenship	Yaşar Halit Çevik, (born 1955 in Gölcük, Kocaeli, Turkey) is a Turkish ambassador.	Yaşar Halit Çevik	Turkey
country of citizenship	Jake Cody (born 4 July 1988) is a professional poker player from Rochdale, England, United Kingdom.	Jake Cody	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Eduardo Julián Elfenbein Kaufmann better known as Julián Elfenbein (born in Santiago, Chile in July 24, 1972) is a Chilean journalist, radio broadcaster and television presenter.	Julián Elfenbein	Chile
country of citizenship	Klaus Schlappner (born May 22, 1940 in Lampertheim, Hesse, Germany) is a football manager.	Klaus Schlappner	Germany
country of citizenship	Álvaro Araújo Castro (born 7 November 1967) is a Colombian economist and former actor and Senator of Colombia.	Álvaro Araújo Castro	Colombia
country of citizenship	Cees van Dongen (1932 -- 23 December 2011) was a Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from the Netherlands.	Cees van Dongen	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Uduwatuwage Janath Priya Thilanga Sumathipala MP (born 3 May 1964) (known as Thilanga Sumathipala) is a Sri Lankan politician who is currently the Deputy Speaker of the Parliament of Sri Lanka since 2015.	Thilanga Sumathipala	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Chika Okeke-Agulu was born in Umuahia in Nigeria in 1966.	Chika Okeke-Agulu	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Elizabeth Best Taylor (21 September 1868 -- 27 April 1941) was a New Zealand temperance worker, community leader and social reformer.	Elizabeth Best Taylor	New Zealand
country of citizenship	A native of Vienna, Leo Moser immigrated with his parents to Canada at the age of three.	Leo Moser	Canada
country of citizenship	Gustaf Banér (May 19, 1547 -- March 20, 1600) was a Swedish nobleman and member of the Privy Council of Sweden.	Gustaf Banér	Sweden
country of citizenship	Aniceti Kitereza (1896--1981) was a Tanzanian novelist, was born in 1896 to Muchuma and her husband Malindima in Ukerewe, Tanzania.	Aniceti Kitereza	Tanzania
country of citizenship	Georgia Spiropoulos (Greek: Γεωργία Σπυροπούλου) (born in Greece, 1965) is a composer, who studied piano, harmony, counterpoint and fugue in Athens.	Georgia Spiropoulos	Greece
country of citizenship	Anoor Anantha Krishna Sharma (Kannada: ಆನೂರು ಅನಂತ ಕೃಷ್ಣ ಶರ್ಮ, born 1965) is a mridangist from India.	Anoor Anantha Krishna Sharma	India
country of citizenship	After the Communist Party of China won the Chinese Civil War and founded the People's Republic of China in 1949, Hong Shen was appointed Director of the Bureau of External Cultural Relations under the Ministry of Culture, and Vice-President of the Chinese Dramatists Association.	Hong Shen	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Yunfa (reigned 1801--1808) was a king of the Hausa city-state of Gobir in what is now Nigeria.	Yunfa	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Carolyn Smart (born in England, 1952) is an author, mostly of poetry, who lives rurally north of Kingston, Ontario, Canada.	Carolyn Smart	Canada
country of citizenship	Viktor Musiyaka (born 1946) is Ukrainian politician, leader of the party ``Forward, Ukraine!'', and former deputy chairman of the Ukrainian parliament.	Viktor Musiyaka	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Bachir Attar (born 1964 in Jajouka, Morocco) is the leader of The Master Musicians of Jajouka led by Bachir Attar.	Bachir Attar	Morocco
country of citizenship	Bognessan Arsène Yé (born 10 October 1957) is a Burkinabé politician who was President of the Assembly of People's Deputies of Burkina Faso from 1992 to 1997, President of the Congress for Democracy and Progress (CDP) from 1996 to 1999, and a Minister of State from 1997 to 2000.	Bognessan Arsène Yé	Burkina Faso
country of citizenship	Mohammad Mohaqiq (Persian: محمد محقق‎‎/Pashto: محمد محقق‎) is a politician in Afghanistan, serving as a member of the Afghan Parliament.	Mohammad Mohaqiq	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Campira has become one of the regular players in the right side of the defence of the Mozambique national football team over the years, gaining a total of 13 caps by December 2009.	Campira	Mozambique
country of citizenship	Peter Grehn (born 1971 in Bollnäs, Sweden) is a Swedish guitarplayer who currently performs with the metalband Lady Die, Morgana Lefay.	Peter Grehn	Sweden
country of citizenship	Mr Haroun Suleiman is a former Minister of Education in Tanzania (Zanzibar) from 2001 up to 2010.	Haroun Suleiman	Tanzania
country of citizenship	Hsieh Chia-hsien (traditional Chinese: 謝佳賢; simplified Chinese: 谢佳贤; pinyin: Xiè Jiaxián; Wade--Giles: Hsieh4 Chia5 Hsien2; born April 8, 1976 in Hualien, Taiwan, Republic of China) is a Taiwanese professional baseball player.	Hsieh Chia-hsien	Taiwan
country of citizenship	Albert Kawana (born 26 March 1956) is a Namibian politician who has served in the Cabinet of Namibia as Minister of Justice since 2015.	Albert Kawana	Namibia
country of citizenship	Mauno Olavi Laiho (1907 - 2 September 1944) was the last Finn to be executed in Finland.	Olavi Laiho	Finland
country of citizenship	Kastner was born Richard Otto Bruno Kastner in Forst (Lausitz), Brandenburg, Germany in 1890.	Bruno Kastner	Germany
country of citizenship	Michael Bevin (born 25 May 1977 in Hastings, New Zealand) is a field hockey goalkeeper from New Zealand.	Michael Bevin	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Pravinchandra Varjivan Gandhi (?--2010) was chairman of Dena Bank and a leading newspaper publisher from India.	Pravinchandra Varjivan Gandhi	India
country of citizenship	John Paul Jenkins (born 20 January 1981) is a local politician in Wales, in the United Kingdom.	John Paul Jenkins	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Christian Christiansen (9 October 1843 in Lønborg, Denmark -- 28 November 1917 Frederiksberg) was a Danish physicist.	Christian Christiansen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Markus Leoson, born 1970 in Linköping, Sweden, is a percussionist, cimbalom player and pedagogue.	Markus Leoson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Sheikh Aftab Ahmed is a Pakistani Politician and a Member of National Assembly of Pakistan currently serving as Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs in Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's Cabinet.	Sheikh Aftab Ahmed	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Yuji Tachikawa (立川 祐路, Tachikawa Yūji, born July 5, 1975 in Kanagawa, Japan), is a Japanese racing driver.	Yuji Tachikawa	Japan
country of citizenship	Günter Rittner (born 11 March 1927, in Breslau, Silesia, Germany) is a German painter and illustrator.	Günter Rittner	Germany
country of citizenship	Liz Lieu (born August 2, 1974 in Vietnam) is a Vietnamese professional poker player.	Liz Lieu	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Dato' Jacob Dungau Sagan (born 26 September 1946) was the Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for Baram, Sarawak, from 1995 to 2013.	Jacob Dungau Sagan	Malaysia
country of citizenship	William Allan Rodda (1917 - 27 May 2010) was an Australian politician who represented the South Australian House of Assembly seat of Victoria for the Liberal and Country League and Liberal Party of Australia from 1965 to 1985.	Allan Rodda	Australia
country of citizenship	Following his election to the State Parliament, in the lower-house seat of Niddrie, Rob Hulls' replacement as Brumby's Chief of Staff was Julia Gillard, who later in her own career became Australia's first female Prime Minister (2010-13).	Rob Hulls	Australia
country of citizenship	Satu Tuomisto is a Finnish contemporary dance choreographer whose pieces since the turn of the century have been performed in Britain, Finland and internationally.	Satu Tuomisto	Finland
country of citizenship	Krzysztof Radzikowski (born August 18, 1981) is a professional strongman competitor from Głowno, Poland.	Krzysztof Radzikowski	Poland
country of citizenship	Okay Temiz (born 1939, Istanbul, Turkey) is a leading Turkish fusion jazz percussionist and drummer.	Okay Temiz	Turkey
country of citizenship	Adam Zampa (born 31 March 1992) is an Australian cricketer who represents South Australia, Melbourne Stars and Rising Pune Supergiants.	Adam Zampa	Australia
country of citizenship	Jonas Woodward (1810? -- 13 June 1881) was a New Zealand businessman, educationalist, politician, congregational leader and public trustee.	Jonas Woodward	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Zhao Ti (Chinese: 赵倜) (1871 -- 1933) was a Chinese general of the late Qing and early Republican period of China.	Zhao Ti	China
country of citizenship	Ian Fang (born December 13, 1989) is a Chinese actor and MediaCorp artiste based in Singapore.	Ian Fang	Singapore
country of citizenship	Feim Ibrahimi (1935--1997) was born on 20 October 1935 in Gjirokastër, southern Albania.	Feim Ibrahimi	Albania
country of citizenship	Alec O'Leary (M.Mus., B.Mus., Dip. Inst. Teaching) is the director and founder of the Guitar Festival of Ireland and is widely regarded as one of the foremost guitarists of his generation.	Alec O'Leary	Ireland
country of citizenship	Jarl-Thure Eriksson (born 5 November 1944 in Hammarland in Åland, Finland) is Doctor of Science in Technology, Professor of Electrical Engineering and Rector of Tampere University of Technology (TUT) in Finland between the years 1997--2008.	Jarl-Thure Eriksson	Finland
country of citizenship	Andreas Christou is a political and social figure in the Republic of Cyprus.	Andreas Christou	Cyprus
country of citizenship	Sushmita Banerjee, also known as Sushmita Bandhopadhyay and Sayeda Kamala (1963/1964 -- 4/5 September 2013), was a writer and activist from India.	Sushmita Banerjee	India
country of citizenship	Emmanuel Oreste Zamor (1861--1915) served as president of Haiti in 1914.	Oreste Zamor	Haiti
country of citizenship	Parviz Hadi Basmenj (Persian: پرویز هادی باسمنج‎‎, born in Basmenj, East Azerbaijan, Iran) is an Iranian wrestler.	Parviz Hadi	Iran
country of citizenship	Dušan Tadić (Serbian Cyrillic: Душан Тадић; born 20 November 1988) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for English club Southampton and the Serbia national team.	Dušan Tadić	Serbia
country of citizenship	Wilson A. Head (September 30, 1914 -- October 7, 1993) was an American/Canadian sociologist and community planner known for his work in race relations, human rights and peace in the United States, Canada and other parts of the world.	Wilson A. Head	Canada
country of citizenship	Pieter Zeeman was born in Zonnemaire, a small town on the island of Schouwen-Duiveland, Netherlands, to Catharinus Forandinus Zeeman, a minister of the Dutch Reformed Church, and Willemina Worst.	Pieter Zeeman	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Anirudh Kala is a psychiatrist based in Ludhiana, India.	Anirudh Kala	India
country of citizenship	Claudio Maccone (born 6 February 1948, Torino, Italy) is an Italian SETI astronomer, space scientist and mathematician.	Claudio Maccone	Italy
country of citizenship	Kristín Steinsdóttir is a well-known children's author and translator in Iceland.	Kristín Steinsdóttir	Iceland
country of citizenship	Lazar Popovski (born 19 May 1975 in Skopje, SR Macedonia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Macedonian whitewater kayaker, and a four-time Olympian.	Lazar Popovski	Macedonia
country of citizenship	Waratthaya Wongchayaporn (Thai: วรัทยา ว่องชยาภรณ์), nicknamed Mind (Thai: มายด์) (born December 30, 1992 in Hat Yai, Songkhla Province Thailand) is a Thai beauty queen and the official representative of Thailand to the 2012 Miss Earth pageant.	Waratthaya Wongchayaporn	Thailand
country of citizenship	In 1939, when the name of the country was changed from Siam to Thailand, a competition was launched to create new lyrics, with those by Luang Saranupraphan winning.	Luang Saranupraphan	Thailand
country of citizenship	María Ángeles Rodríguez González (Ángela Rodicio) was born in San Cristóbal of Regodeigón (Galicia, Spain) in 1963.	Ángela Rodicio	Spain
country of citizenship	Ch Ansir Iqbal Baryar (born May 10, 1972) was a Member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab (Pakistan) (2002--2007) and Chairman of the Standing Committee on Literacy and Non-Formal Basic Education.	Ansir Iqbal Baryar	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Ahmed Abdallah Mohamed Sambi (Arabic: أحمد عبدالله محمد سامبي‎, born 5 June 1958) is a Comorian Islamic leader and politician, and former President of Comoros.	Ahmed Abdallah Mohamed Sambi	Comoros
country of citizenship	Dr. Azizullah Lodin (Pashto: داکترعزیزالله لودین) was the head of the Independent Election Commission of Afghanistan.	Azizullah Lodin	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Trauma II (born December 12, 1982 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican luchador enmascarado, or masked professional wrestler working on the Mexican independent circuit and as a freelance wrestler for promotions such as International Wrestling Revolution Group (IWRG), portraying a tecnico (``Good guy'') wrestling character.	Trauma II	Mexico
country of citizenship	Fin Donnelly (born May 27, 1966) is a Canadian politician, who was elected to the House of Commons of Canada in a by-election on November 9, 2009, representing the electoral district of New Westminster--	Fin Donnelly	Canada
country of citizenship	He is commemorated by the Kent Arts and Libraries ``Marcus Crouch Collection'' of approximately 1,500 children's books that were published in the United Kingdom between 1830 and 1930.	Marcus Crouch	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Turhan Përmeti (1839? in Përmet -- 1927) was an Albanian politician in the Ottoman Empire and later prime minister of Albania.	Turhan Përmeti	Albania
country of citizenship	Hanefi Avcı (born 1956, Kahramanmaraş Province) is a former chief of police in Turkey, and author of the best-selling book Haliç’te Yaşayan Simonlar, in which Avcı claimed that the Gülen movement had infiltrated the police and manipulated key trials such as the Ergenekon trials through judges and prosecutors close to the movement.	Hanefi Avcı	Turkey
country of citizenship	Mem Rodrigues de Briteiros (1225-?) was a Portuguese noblemen, member of the Court of Afonso III of Portugal.	Mem Rodrigues de Briteiros	Portugal
country of citizenship	Māris Riekstiņš (born 8 April 1963, Riga, Latvia) is a Latvian politician and diplomat and a former Foreign Minister of Latvia (November 2007 -- April 2010).	Māris Riekstiņš	Latvia
country of citizenship	Major-General Léonard Mulamba (1928 - 12 August 1986) was a military and political leader of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Léonard Mulamba	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Frédéric Talgorn (born 2 July 1961 in Toulouse, France) is a French composer for film and television.	Frédéric Talgorn	France
country of citizenship	Burak Aksak (born September 12, 1985 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish screenwriter, director and actor.	Burak Aksak	Turkey
country of citizenship	Bettina Hoy (born Bettina Overesch: November 7, 1962) is an Olympic-level equestrian rider, who competes for Germany in Eventing competitions.	Bettina Hoy	Germany
country of citizenship	Juan Jesús Vivas Lara (Ceuta, 27 February 1953) is the Mayor-President of the autonomous city of Ceuta in Spain, since 8 February 2001.	Juan Jesús Vivas	Spain
country of citizenship	In 1964, Orlando Corradi and Kenichi Tominaga found DEA S.n.c., a company active in the audiovisual animation sector, with the aim of acquiring the rights to Japanese animated cartoons for distribution in Italy and Europe.	Orlando Corradi	Italy
country of citizenship	The President of the United States of America, in the name of Congress, takes pleasure in presenting the Medal of Honor to Quartermaster Edward R. Bowman, United States Navy, for extraordinary heroism in action while serving on board the U.S.S. TICONDEROGA during attacks on Fort Fisher, North Carolina, 13 to 15 January 1865.	Edward R. Bowman	United States of America
country of citizenship	Lady Kehinde Kamson, KJW, (born 14 August 1961 in Lagos, Nigeria) is a Nigerian entrepreneur, business leader and philanthropist.	Kehinde Kamson	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Cornelia Mooswalder (born 2 August 1993 in Leoben, Austria) is a singer and winner of the ORF talent show Heroes of Tomorrow.	Cornelia Mooswalder	Austria
country of citizenship	Bruce Atherton Smith (1937 -- November 27, 2006) was a journalist and politician in the province of New Brunswick, Canada.	Bruce Atherton Smith	Canada
country of citizenship	Ihor Yukhnovskyi (Ukrainian: Iгор Рафаïлович Юхновський; also Yukhnovsky; born 1925) is a Ukrainian scientist, politician, and statesman, a member of the Presidium of Academy of Sciences of Ukraine, Hero of Ukraine.	Ihor Yukhnovskyi	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Erhard Busek (born 25 March 1941 in Vienna, Austria) is a politician from the Christian-conservative People's Party (ÖVP).	Erhard Busek	Austria
country of citizenship	Linda de Suza (born Teolinda Joaquina de Sousa Lança, 22 February 1948 in Beja, Portugal) is a Lusophone and Francophone singer, actress and author.	Linda de Suza	Portugal
country of citizenship	Rudolf Kotormány (born 23 January 1911 in Austria-Hungary (now in Romania) - deceased 2 August 1983) was a Romanian international footballer who played as a defender.	Rudolf Kotormány	Romania
country of citizenship	Jimmy Faulkner (31 January 1950 -- 4 March 2008) was one of Ireland's top guitarists, who in a four-decade career played with many of Ireland's leading rock and roll, blues, folk and jazz musicians.	Jimmy Faulkner	Ireland
country of citizenship	Tim Hawkinson (born 1960) is an artist from the United States of America who mostly works as a sculptor.	Tim Hawkinson	United States of America
country of citizenship	Maman Abdurrahman (born in Jakarta, Indonesia, 12 May 1982) is an Indonesian professional footballer.	Maman Abdurrahman	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Nasrollah Jahangard (born 1958 in Tehran) is an Iranian politician and expert manager appointed as the deputy minister of ICT and the head of Information Technology organization of Iran.	Nasrollah Jahangard	Iran
country of citizenship	Suparno Satpathy is a noted and highly respected socio-political leader from the state of Odisha in India.	Suparno Satpathy	India
country of citizenship	Luke Munana (born January 10, 1979) is an American former competitive ice dancer who represented Mexico in international competition with his sister Laura Munana.	Luke Munana	Mexico
country of citizenship	Ulf Leonhardt, FRSE (born October 9, 1965) is a German scientist, born in Schlema, Germany (formerly East Germany).	Ulf Leonhardt	Germany
country of citizenship	Eleazar Soria Ibarra (born January 11, 1948 in Lima) is a lawyer and retired football midfielder from Peru.	Eleazar Soria	Peru
country of citizenship	Roberto Duailibi, born October 8, 1935 in Campo Grande, Brazil is a Brazilian advertising executive.	Roberto Duailibi	Brazil
country of citizenship	Francisco Ceinos (also spelled Francisco Ceynos) was one of five oidores (members) of the second Audiencia of New Spain.	Francisco Ceinos	Spain
country of citizenship	Federigo Fiorillo (baptized 1 June 1755 Brunswick, Germany, died after 1823) was a mandolinist and composer, who wrote thirty-six caprices for violin, also called études.	Federigo Fiorillo	Germany
country of citizenship	Alan Gregg is a New Zealand musician, originally from Palmerston North, now based in London.	Alan Gregg	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Gabriel Toubia (born on 15 August 1930 in Darbechtar, Lebanon -- died on 6 April 1997) was a Maronite Archbishop of the Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Tripoli in Lebanon.	Gabriel Toubia	Lebanon
country of citizenship	José Isidro Rico Rangel (born May 15, 1961) is a former marathon runner from Mexico, whose personal best in the classic distance was 2:09:14 (1994).	Isidro Rico	Mexico
country of citizenship	S. K. Majumdar was one of Patna High Court's leading lawyers, who primarily practiced at the Supreme Court of India and the Patna High Court.	S. K. Majumdar	India
country of citizenship	David Moritz Michael was born in Kühmhausen in 1751 and was educated in Germany.	David Moritz Michael	Germany
country of citizenship	Ashraf W. Tabani (17 December 1930 -- 16 July 2009) was elected the Governor of Sindh and the Provincial Minister of Finance, Industries, Excise and Taxation between 1981 and 1984 during Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq's term of office as the President of Pakistan.	Ashraf W. Tabani	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Thomas Frederick Anderson (30 December 1888 -- 22 September 1964) was a New Zealand seaman and trade unionist.	Thomas Frederick Anderson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Nicole Moudaber is a Lebanese-Nigerian music producer and DJ born in Nigeria.	Nicole Moudaber	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Julius Ucha (born 19 October 1958) was elected Senator for the Ebonyi Central constituency of Ebonyi State, Nigeria, taking office on 29 May 2003, and was reelected in 2007.	Julius Ucha	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Francisco Javier Cuesta Ramos (León, Spain, 16 October 1971), better known as Frank Cuesta, is a Spanish adventurer, television presenter and tennis coach, who currently lives in Bangkok, Thailand.	Frank Cuesta	Spain
country of citizenship	Mumtaz Mufti (Urdu: ممتاز مفتی) (September 11, 1905 -- October 27, 1995), was a writer from Pakistan.	Mumtaz Mufti	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Ruby Frost (born 1987) (born Jane de Jong) is a New Zealand singer and songwriter from Auckland.	Ruby Frost	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jorge Fernández Madinabeitia (born August 8, 1972 in Alicante, Spain) is a Spanish actor, TV Host, model and basketball player from the Basque Country.	Jorge Fernández Madinabeitia	Spain
country of citizenship	Samsong is a Nigerian gospel artist, based in Abuja, Nigeria.	Samsong	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Mattias Wennerberg (born August 6, 1981 in Vilhelmina, Sweden) is a forward for the Sundsvall hockey team in the Swedish division-1 league.	Mattias Wennerberg	Sweden
country of citizenship	Stefan Nimke (born March 1, 1978 in Hagenow, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern) is an Olympic and world champion track cyclist from Germany.	Stefan Nimke	Germany
country of citizenship	Christiaan Van Vuuren is an actor and video blogger from Sydney, Australia.	Christiaan Van Vuuren	Australia
country of citizenship	In 2011 Austria has decided to nominate Dr. Franz Fischler as a candidate for the position of director general of FAO.	Franz Fischler	Austria
country of citizenship	Patrik Flodin (born August 16, 1984 in Ilsbo, Sweden) is a rally driver from Sweden.	Patrik Flodin	Sweden
country of citizenship	Javed Naseer Rind, also transliterated as Javed Nasir Rind, Javid Naseer Rind or Jawaid Naseer Rind, (died 5 November 2011) was abducted 10 September 2011 and his corpse was discovered 5 November 2011 in Balochistan, Pakistan.	Javed Naseer Rind	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Jean-Marc Moret (born 6 June 1942, in Geneva, Switzerland) is a Swiss archaeologist and art historian.	Jean-Marc Moret	Switzerland
country of citizenship	George Pitt Morison (31 August 1861 -- 4 September 1946) was an Australian painter and engraver noted particularly for his painting The Foundation of Perth 1829 which was commissioned as part of Western Australia's centenary celebrations, and presented to the Art Gallery of Western Australia in February 1929.	George Pitt Morison	Australia
country of citizenship	Matthew Tuisamoa is a New Zealand former rugby league player who represented Western Samoa.	Matthew Tuisamoa	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Anastasiya Markovich lives and works in Chernivtsi in the south-west of Ukraine where she grew up after her birth.	Anastasiya Markovich	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Wolfgang Harich (3 December 1923 -- 15 March 1995) was a philosopher and journalist in East Germany.	Wolfgang Harich	East Germany
country of citizenship	Alexander Raphael (died 1850) was the first British-Armenian to serve in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom.	Alexander Raphael	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Duse Nacaratti died of respiratory failure on July 23, 2009, around 9 A.M. at the Hospital Ipanema Plus in southern Rio de Janaeiro, Brazil, at the age of 67.	Duse Nacaratti	Brazil
country of citizenship	César Azpilicueta Tanco (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈθesaɾ aθpiliˈkweta ˈtaŋko); born 28 August 1989) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a full back for English club Chelsea and the Spain national team.	César Azpilicueta	Spain
country of citizenship	Heikki Häiväoja (born May 25, 1929 in Jämsä, Finland), is a Finnish sculptor and designer of the Finnish euro coins design for the minor and middle series of coins.	Heikki Häiväoja	Finland
country of citizenship	Di Morrissey (born 18 March 1948 in Wingham, New South Wales) is one of the most successful novelists of Australia with 24 best-selling novels and two children's books published.	Di Morrissey	Australia
country of citizenship	Rafael Morera López (born in Lanzarote, Spain) was a Spanish professional association football player.	Rafael Morera López	Spain
country of citizenship	René Ariza (1940--1994) was a Cuban actor, director, and writer born in Havana, Cuba.	René Ariza	Cuba
country of citizenship	Karin Wahlberg (born 1950 in Kalmar, Sweden) is a Swedish obstetrician and author.	Karin Wahlberg	Sweden
country of citizenship	Madeleine Dupont (born May 26, 1987 in Glostrup, Denmark) is a Danish curler from Hvidovre.	Madeleine Dupont	Denmark
country of citizenship	Marian Sandu (born 5 May 1972 in Ploieşti, Prahova, Romania) is a retired Romanian wrestler and Olympic champion in Greco-Roman wrestling.	Marian Sandu	Romania
country of citizenship	Henry Joseph Clarke (July 7, 1833 -- September 13, 1889), who sometimes used the middle names Hynes and O'Connell, was a lawyer and politician in Manitoba, Canada.	Henry Joseph Clarke	Canada
country of citizenship	David Luiz Moreira Marinho (born 22 April 1987), known as David Luiz, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for French club Paris Saint-Germain and serves as vice-captain for the Brazil national team.	David Luiz	Brazil
country of citizenship	Kallie Knoetze (born as Nikolaas Jacobus Knoetze on 24 April 1953 in Pretoria, South Africa) is a retired South African heavyweight boxer.	Kallie Knoetze	South Africa
country of citizenship	Tan Sri Abdul Rahman Hashim (7 July 1925 -- 7 June 1974) was Malaysia's Inspector-General of Police from 1 February 1973 to 7 June 1974.	Abdul Rahman Hashim	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Renato or René Petit lived his life traveling between Spain and France.	René Petit	France
country of citizenship	Lagle Parek was born on 17 April 1941 in Pärnu (at that time the Estonian Soviet Socialist Republic) and was the daughter of the former captain of the Military of Estonia Charles Parek (1903 - 1941) and his wife Elsbeth Parek, a museum director (born in 1902).	Lagle Parek	Estonia
country of citizenship	Carl Maria Splett (17 January 1898 -- 5 March 1964) was a German Roman Catholic priest and Bishop of Danzig, after World War II he was imprisoned in Poland and exiled in West Germany.	Carl Maria Splett	Poland	Germany
country of citizenship	Abeba Aregawi Gebretsadik (Amharic:አበባ አረጋዊ ;born 5 July 1990) is an Ethiopian-born middle-distance runner, currently representing Sweden internationally, who specialises in the 1500 metres.	Abeba Aregawi	Sweden
country of citizenship	Anthony Ukpabi Asika (28 June 1936 -- 14 September 2004) was Administrator of East Central State, Nigeria during the military regime of General Yakubu Gowon, appointed when his predecessor, the Eastern Region governor Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu, led the Biafran state into secession.	Ukpabi Asika	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Alexander Bozhkov (Bulgarian: Александър Божков) (August 9, 1951 -- August 23, 2009) was Deputy Prime Minister and Industry Minister of Bulgaria from 1997 to 1999.	Alexander Bozhkov	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Giorgia Surina (born 8 March 1975 in Milan) is an Italian television personality known for presenting TRL Italy, the Italian version of Total Request Live broadcast by MTV Italia.	Giorgia Surina	Italy
country of citizenship	Ellen Hutchins was from Ballylickey, where her family had a small estate at the head of Bantry Bay, County Cork, Ireland.	Ellen Hutchins	Ireland
country of citizenship	Ross Peraudo (born 7 November 1992 in Venaria Reale, Italy) is an alpine skier who competes for Australia.	Ross Peraudo	Australia
country of citizenship	Arenda Haasnoot (born 28 March 1973) is a Dutch theologian and preacher in the Protestant Church in the Netherlands (PKN).	Arenda Haasnoot	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Nji Oumarou Nchare (born December 25, 1964 in Foumban, Cameroon) is Co-Director of the Bamum Scripts and Archives Project in Foumban, Cameroon and Director of Cultural Affairs and Archivist at the Bamum Palace.	Nji Oumarou Nchare	Cameroon
country of citizenship	The son of a lawyer, Karl Böhm studied law and earned a doctorate in this subject before entering the music conservatory in his home town of Graz, Austria.	Karl Böhm	Austria
country of citizenship	Danielle McGrath (née Carr) (born 6 November 1969 in Sydney, Australia) is an Australian retired pair skater who currently works as a coach.	Danielle McGrath	Australia
country of citizenship	Eva Maria Pracht lives in Cedar Valley, Ontario, Canada.	Eva Maria Pracht	Canada
country of citizenship	Michael Slipchuk (born March 19, 1966) is a Canadian former competitive figure skater who currently serves as the High Performance Director of Skate Canada.	Michael Slipchuk	Canada
country of citizenship	Yonathan Cabral (Isidro Casanova, Buenos Aires, Argentina, May 10, 1992) is an Argentine footballer who plays as defender in the Racing Club of Primera Division Argentina .	Yonathan Cabral	Argentina
country of citizenship	Noureddine Ould Ménira (born 6 May 1968), is a Mauritania Olympic sprinter.	Noureddine Ould Ménira	Mauritania
country of citizenship	Lina Andrijauskaitė (born 29 May 1987) is a track and field various events athlete who competes internationally for Lithuania.	Lina Andrijauskaitė	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Diego Jara (born Concordia, Province of Entre Rios, Argentina, October 4, 1983) is a football Argentine.	Diego Jara	Argentina
country of citizenship	Nguyễn Xuân Oánh (Phủ Lạng Thương, today Bắc Giang, 1921 -- Hồ Chí Minh City, 29 August 2003) was a Vietnamese economist, who was appointed as Prime Minister of South Vietnam in 1964 and 1965.	Nguyễn Xuân Oánh	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Duk Sung Son, was born in Seoul, in what is now known as South Korea, on June 17, 1922.	Duk Sung Son	South Korea
country of citizenship	Felino Dolloso (born Manila, 1980) is a Filipino-Australian actor currently based in Sydney, Australia.	Felino Dolloso	Australia
country of citizenship	Muhammadu Kudu Abubakar Ubandoma III (died 30 March 2014) was appointed Etsu (Ruler) of the Agaie Emirate, a traditional state based in Agaie in Niger State, Nigeria on 30 April 2004.	Muhammadu Kudu Abubakar	Niger
country of citizenship	During CMLL's 75th Anniversary celebration in 2008 Estrella Blanca was invited to make an appearance during a show in Mexico City and was one of the legends honored during the show along with Leon Negro, Tony Lopez, Saeta Azteca, and Manuel Robles.	Estrella Blanca	Mexico
country of citizenship	Giuseppe Sirtori (17 April 1813 -- 18 September 1874) was an Italian soldier, patriot and politician who fought in the unification of Italy.	Giuseppe Sirtori	Italy
country of citizenship	Nikola Kastner (born 1983 in Hamburg, West Germany) is an actress who has appeared in numerous German films and television productions.	Nikola Kastner	Germany
country of citizenship	Vandy Rattana (born 1980 in Phnom Penh, Cambodia) is a photographer and artist, now resident in Taiwan, whose work is concerned with Cambodian society.	Vandy Rattana	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Alonso López (born May 28, 1986 in Mexico City) is an undefeated Mexican professional boxer in the Flyweight division.	Alonso López	Mexico
country of citizenship	Cecilie Ore was born in Oslo, Norway, and studied piano at the Norwegian Academy of Music in Oslo.	Cecilie Ore	Norway
country of citizenship	Manuel Carlos Mouriño Atanes (born March 4, 1943 in Vigo, Spain) is a Spanish-Mexican businessman and President of Spanish football club Celta de Vigo.	Carlos Mouriño	Spain
country of citizenship	Henrik Kreüger (1882--1953) was born in Kalmar, Sweden and obtained his M.Sc.	Henrik Kreüger	Sweden
country of citizenship	Bahram Bagirzade (Azerbaijani: Bəhram Bağırzadə) (born September 4, 1972 in Baku, Azerbaijan) is an entertainer, TV host, actor, comedian and film director.	Bahram Bagirzade	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Yaakov Ariel (Hebrew: יעקב אריאל‎) is the chief rabbi of the city of Ramat Gan, Israel and one of the leading rabbis of the religious Zionist movement.	Yaakov Ariel	Israel
country of citizenship	Called the ``Apostle of appreciation'' by the Globe and Mail, Canada's largest newspaper, and ``creative and refreshing‚'' by the New York Times, Chester Elton is co-author of several successful leadership books.	Chester Elton	Canada
country of citizenship	Abdel Karim Obeid (i/ˈæbdʊl ˈkɑːriːm oʊˈbeɪd/; Arabic: الشيخ عبد الكريم عبيد‎) is a Sheikh and Imam of the village of Jibchit in south Lebanon, high-place of Lebanese Shiism.	Abdel Karim Obeid	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Aniporn Chalermburanawong (Thai: อนิพรณ์ เฉลิมบูรณะวงศ์; rtgs: Aniphon Chaloemburanawong; born March 17, 1994) is a Thai professional model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Universe Thailand 2015.	Aniporn Chalermburanawong	Thailand
country of citizenship	Jhala Nath Khanal (Nepali: झलनाथ खनाल Listen ; born 20 May 1950, Darjeeling, West Bengal, India) is a Nepalese politician who was the 35th Prime Minister of Nepal from February 2011 to August 2011.	Jhala Nath Khanal	Nepal
country of citizenship	Elmes Yelverton Steele (February 6, 1781 -- August 6, 1865) was a naval officer, farmer and political figure in Canada West.	Elmes Yelverton Steele	Canada
country of citizenship	Neil Pigot (born 28 December 1961) is an Australian actor who is perhaps best known in Australia for his role as Inspector Falcon Price in the highly successful television series Blue Heelers.	Neil Pigot	Australia
country of citizenship	Carlos Eugênio Simon (born 3 September 1965) is an ex-FIFA football referee from Brazil.	Carlos Eugênio Simon	Brazil
country of citizenship	Rolando Meriño Betancourt is a baseball player for Cuba.	Rolando Meriño	Cuba
country of citizenship	Ricardo Cortés (born January 24, 1980 in Michoacán de Ocampo, Mexico) is a Mexican boxer in the Super Middleweight division and the former IBA Americas Super Middleweight Champion.	Ricardo Cortés	Mexico
country of citizenship	Ashok Row Kavi is an Indian journalist and one of India's most prominent LGBT rights activists.	Ashok Row Kavi	India
country of citizenship	Mary Elizabeth Tripe (née Richardson, 14 September 1870 -- 21 September 1939) was a notable New Zealand artist and art teacher.	Mary Elizabeth Tripe	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Domingos Simões Pereira (born 1963) was Prime Minister of Guinea-Bissau from 2014 to August 2015, when the President dismissed the government.	Domingos Simões Pereira	Guinea-Bissau
country of citizenship	Ahmed al-Haznawi was the son of a Saudi imam from the Al-Bahah province, a province in the south west of Saudi Arabia.	Ahmed al-Haznawi	Saudi Arabia
country of citizenship	Alex Machacek (born 1 July 1972 in Tulln an der Donau, Austria) is an Austrian jazz fusion guitarist best known for his 1999 debut album Featuring Ourselves and the acclaimed follow-up Delete and Roll with the band BPM.	Alex Machacek	Austria
country of citizenship	Roberto Torretti (born February 15, 1930 in Santiago, Chile) is a Chilean philosopher, author and academic who is internationally renowned for his contributions to the history of philosophy, physics and mathematics.	Roberto Torretti	Chile
country of citizenship	Nisar Bazmi (Urdu: نثار بزمی ; December 1, 1924 -- March 22, 2007) was a composer and music director of Indian and Pakistan film industry.	Nisar Bazmi	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Theo van Doesburg was born Christian Emil Marie Küpper on August 30, 1883, in Utrecht, the Netherlands, as the son of the photographer Wilhelm Küpper and Henrietta Catherina Margadant.	Theo van Doesburg	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Ernst Oddvar Baasland (born April 3, 1945 in Kristiansand) was the Bishop of the Diocese of Stavanger in the Church of Norway from 1998 to 2009.	Ernst Oddvar Baasland	Norway
country of citizenship	Neelamperoor Madhusoodanan Nair (born March 25, 1936) is a Malayalam--language poet and writer from Kerala state, South India.	Neelamperoor Madhusoodanan Nair	India
country of citizenship	Many of the work Andeel was exposed to prior to Jaheen was foreign, so seeing Jaheen's work about Egypt was a motivating factor to his getting involved in cartooning.	Andeel	Egypt
country of citizenship	Vik Muniz (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈvik muˈnis); born in 1961, São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian artist and photographer.	Vik Muniz	Brazil
country of citizenship	Jean Guyon du Buisson (September 18, 1592 -- May 30, 1663) was the patriarch of ``one of the earliest French families to settle in (Nouvelle France), one of the most numerous in the beginning, one of the most respected and best known.''	Jean Guyon	France
country of citizenship	Deva Premal (born 2 April 1970 in Nürnberg, Germany) is a musician known for her meditative spiritual new-age music, which puts ancient Buddhist and Sanskrit mantras--as well as chants in other languages--into atmospheric contemporary settings.	Deva Premal	Germany
country of citizenship	Kenneth Colin Bland (born 5 April 1938 in Bulawayo, Southern Rhodesia) is a former Rhodesian cricketer who played in 21 Tests for South Africa in the 1960s.	Colin Bland	South Africa
country of citizenship	Bruno Faidutti (23 October 1961) is a historian and sociologist, living in France, who is best known as an author of board games.	Bruno Faidutti	France
country of citizenship	Artur Taymazov (Ossetian: Таймазты Барисы фырт Артур (born July 20, 1979 in Nogir, North Ossetian ASSR)) is an Ossetian-Uzbek wrestler and Uzbekistan's most decorated Olympian.	Artur Taymazov	Uzbekistan
country of citizenship	Kamal Habibollahi (Persian: کمال‌الدین میرحبیب‌اللهی‎‎, born february 1930 in Astara, Iran) was Commander of the Imperial Iranian Navy until the Islamic Revolution.	Kamal Habibollahi	Iran
country of citizenship	Panomkorn Saisorn (Thai พนมกรณ์ สายสอน), is a Thai futsal Midfielder, and is a member of Thailand national futsal team.	Panomkorn Saisorn	Thailand
country of citizenship	Maarja-Liis Ilus, sometimes better known by her performing name Maarja (born 24 December 1980 in Tallinn, Estonia) is a pop musician.	Maarja-Liis Ilus	Estonia
country of citizenship	Stefan Pfeiffer (born November 15, 1965 in Hamburg) is a former freestyle swimmer from Germany.	Stefan Pfeiffer	Germany
country of citizenship	Frederick Earp (27 October 1841 -- 8 August 1928) was a New Zealand goldminer, farmer, surveyor and market gardener.	Frederick Earp	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Fatiu Ademola Akesode (1940-2001) was a Nigerian professor of paediatrics , educational administrator, and former vice chancellor of Lagos State University Lagos State, Nigeria.	Fatiu Ademola Akesode	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Antoine Abed (born October 26, 1896 in Tripoli, Lebanon - died on September 15, 1975) was a Maronite Archeparch of the Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Tripoli in Lebanon.	Antoine Abed	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Vladimir Koh has been a prominent orchestral violinist in Serbia and abroad.	Vladimir Koh	Serbia
country of citizenship	Diane Gerencser (born 27 January 1972) is a former ice dancer who competed internationally for both Switzerland and Italy.	Diane Gerencser	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Camille Dias (born August 28, 1996 in Leysin, Switzerland) is an alpine skier competing for Portugal.	Camille Dias	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Nils Slaatto (June 22, 1922 -- March 16, 2001) was for more than two decades one of Norway's most prominent and influential architects, having a strong and distinctive impression on Norwegian architecture.	Nils Slaatto	Norway
country of citizenship	Emmanuel Michon (born May 9, 1955) is a former ice speed skater from France, who represented his native country at two consecutive Winter Olympics, starting in 1976 in Innsbruck, Austria.	Emmanuel Michon	France
country of citizenship	Sylvie Courvoisier (born November 30, 1968 in Lausanne, Switzerland) is a composer, pianist and improviser.	Sylvie Courvoisier	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Kanda Bongo Man (born Bongo Kanda; 1955 in Inongo, Democratic Republic of the Congo) is a Congolese soukous musician.	Kanda Bongo Man	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	John William Barrie Devenport (7 October 1935 -- 25 July 2010, often mistakenly reported as ``Barrie Davenport'') was a New Zealand swimmer and lifesaver who was the first person in modern history to swim Cook Strait.	Barrie Devenport	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mikko Härkin (born May 25, 1979 in Keitele, Finland) is a Finnish power metal keyboardist, who has performed with Sonata Arctica and Kenziner.	Mikko Härkin	Finland
country of citizenship	Anthony Napunyi (born October 3, 1982 in Kenya) is a Kenyan professional boxer in the Featherweight division.	Anthony Napunyi	Kenya
country of citizenship	Michael Huth (born 2 September 1969) is a German figure skating and former competitor for East Germany.	Michael Huth	East Germany
country of citizenship	Jawahar Wattal (Kashmiri: जवाहर वट्टल (Devanagari), جواہر وٹل (Nastaleeq)), one of India's top cultural entrepreneurs, music director and producer, is best known for being a pioneer in the Indian non-filmi music field and for shifting the focus of the industry to Delhi.	Jawahar Wattal	India
country of citizenship	Florian Uhlig has held masterclasses in Germany, Great Britain, Canada, Hong Kong, South Korea, China and Switzerland.	Florian Uhlig	Germany
country of citizenship	Joseph Emmanuel Carter (18 December 1929 -- 21 January 2015) was a Trinidad and Tobago civil servant and politician.	Emmanuel Carter	Trinidad and Tobago
country of citizenship	Maruša Ferk (born 27 September 1988 in Blejska Dobrava, SR Slovenia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Slovenian alpine skier.	Maruša Ferk	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Osmond Ezinwa (born 22 November 1971) is a former sprinter from Nigeria.	Osmond Ezinwa	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Hamza Tariq (born July 21, 1990 in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan) is a Pakistan-born Canadian cricketer who plays for the Canada national cricket team and who has also played for the Canada Under-19s team.	Hamza Tariq	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Bankie Banx (born Clement Ashley Banks, 1953, Anguilla) is a reggae singer, known as the ``Anguillan Bob Dylan''.	Bankie Banx	Anguilla
country of citizenship	Atsiri Thammachot, winner of the Southeast Asian Writers Award in 1981 for the short story Khun-Thong you will return at dawn, was born on 10 July 1947 in the Hua Hin district of Prachuap Khiri Khan to a family that fished the waters of the Gulf of Thailand for a living.	Atsiri Thammachot	Thailand
country of citizenship	Alison Maclean was born in Ottawa, Canada, in 1958, to New Zealand-born parents, and emigrated to New Zealand with her parents as a teenager, later graduating from the Elam School of Fine Arts, Auckland, in film and sculpture.	Alison Maclean	Canada
country of citizenship	Christian Lell represented Germany on the Under-20 team at the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship.	Christian Lell	Germany
country of citizenship	Bappu helped establish several astronomical institutions in India----including the Vainu Bappu Observatory named after him--and also contributed to the establishment of the modern Indian Institute of Astrophysics.	Vainu Bappu	India
country of citizenship	Goniamalimage John Anthony Flavian Aponso (born 28 October 1952 in Colombo, Sri Lanka) was a Sri Lankan and Dutch cricketer, who played five One-day Internationals for The Netherlands during the 1996 World Cup.	Flavian Aponso	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Lee Ho-sung (Hangul: 이호성, born September 12, 1974) is a football player from South Korea.	Lee Ho-sung	South Korea
country of citizenship	Antoine de Créqui Canaples was born in the Kingdom of France on July 17, 1531, the son of Jean de Créqui, seigneur of Canaples, and his wife Marie d'Acigné.	Antoine de Créqui Canaples	France
country of citizenship	Edward Bartley (1839 -- 28 May 1919) was an architect in New Zealand.	Edward Bartley	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Oliver Shanti (born Ulrich Schulz 16 November 1948 in Hamburg, Germany), also known as Oliver Serano-Alve, is a New Age musician, best known for his work with the bands ``Inkarnation'' and ``Oliver Shanti & Friends''.	Oliver Shanti	Germany
country of citizenship	Sabine Heinrich (born 27 December 1976 in Unna, North Rhine-Westphalia, West Germany) is a German radio and television presenter.	Sabine Heinrich	Germany
country of citizenship	George Mansour (born in Kirkuk, Iraq on December 25, 1952) is an Iraqi journalist, broadcaster and politician, a Minister of Region for Civil Society Affairs and founder and first General Manager for Ishtar Broadcasting Corporation (Ishtar TV) till June 2006.	George Mansour	Iraq
country of citizenship	Georg Matthäus Vischer (22 April 1628 -- 13 December 1696) was an Austrian topographer, cartographer, engraver and parish priest in Leonstein (Upper Austria) and Vienna.	Georg Matthäus Vischer	Austria
country of citizenship	Andrew Kishino (born March 20, 1973 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada) is a Japanese-Canadian rapper, and voice actor in video games, animation and voice-over narration.	Andrew Kishino	Canada
country of citizenship	Maneco Galeano (Puerto Pinasco, May 13, 1945 - Paraguay), was a Paraguayan musician, songwriter and journalist.	Maneco Galeano	Paraguay
country of citizenship	On the other hand, although written in Turkish, Vartan Pasha's ``Akabi's Story'', because of its fully Armenian context, can also be considered as the first Armenian novel that saw print (Khachatur Abovian's Wounds of Armenia having been published in 1858).	Vartan Pasha	Armenia
country of citizenship	Myriam Spiteri Debono or Miriam Spiteri Debono (born 1952) is a former Speaker of the House of Representatives of Malta and first woman in the position.	Myriam Spiteri Debono	Malta
country of citizenship	Emre Taner (born 1942) is a Turkish civil servant born in Lice, Diyarbakır Province and was until May 2010 the undersecretary (i.e. chief) of the governmental intelligence agency of Turkey, the National Intelligence Organization (Turkish: Milli İstihbarat Teşkilatı, MİT).	Emre Taner	Turkey
country of citizenship	Mikołaj Budzanowski is a Polish manager and civil servant, from 2009 until 2011, Undersecretary of State in the Ministry of the Treasury, and from 2011 to 2013 the Minister of the Treasury of the Republic of Poland.	Mikołaj Budzanowski	Poland
country of citizenship	Maurice Machenbaum of Switzerland (born August 7, 1970 ) was the appointed treasurer of the World Scout Committee, the main executive body of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, from 2007 to 2013.	Maurice Machenbaum	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Reynaldo Valera Guardiano (better known as Rey Valera) (born May 4, 1954 in Meycauayan, Bulacan, Philippines) is a well-known singer, songwriter, music director, film scorer and television host from the Philippines.	Rey Valera	Philippines
country of citizenship	Marilita Lambropoulou (Greek: Μαριλίτα Λαμπροπούλου, Marilíta Lampropoúlou), born July 15, 1974 in Athens, Greece is a Greek actress.	Marilita Lambropoulou	Greece
country of citizenship	Max Jean (27 July 1943, Marseille) is a French former racing driver who won the Formule France championship in 1968.	Max Jean	France
country of citizenship	Michael von Graffenried (born 1957) is a Swiss photographer living and working between Paris, Brooklyn and Switzerland.	Michael von Graffenried	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Shawn Boney is a Trinidadian football (soccer) midfielder who was a member of the Trinidad and Tobago U-20 national team at the 1991 FIFA World Youth Championship.	Shawn Boney	Trinidad and Tobago
country of citizenship	Jan Niklas was born on 15 October 1947 in Pottenstein, near Nuremberg, Germany.	Jan Niklas	Germany
country of citizenship	Jorge Gabriel Vázquez (born 28 November 1969) is an Argentine former footballer and manager who played for clubs in Argentina, Chile, Mexico, Bolivia, Ecuador and United States.	Jorge Gabriel Vázquez	Argentina
country of citizenship	Pattu Rajagopalan is a former vocal artist of Carnatic music in All India Radio (AIR), Hyderabad and the Annamacharya Project of Tirumala-Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) in Tirupati, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Pattu Rajagopalan	India
country of citizenship	John Dowgray (6 June 1873--28 January 1950) was a New Zealand coalminer, trade unionist and bank director.	John Dowgray	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Natalia Podolskaya (Natalla Padolskaja, Belarusian: Натальля Падольская, Russian: Наталья Подольская, born May 20, 1982) is a Belarusian singer who performed for Russia at the Eurovision Song Contest on May 21, 2005 and was ranked No. 15.	Natalia Podolskaya	Russia
country of citizenship	Samuel Revans (ca. 1807 -- 14 July 1888) was a notable New Zealand newspaper owner, entrepreneur and politician.	Samuel Revans	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Um Sereyroth (Khmer: អ៊ុំ សេរីរត្ន័ born 25 September 1997) is a Cambodian footballer who plays for the National Defense Ministry in the Cambodian League and also Cambodia national football team.	Um Sereyroth	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Maia Azarashvili (Georgian: მაია აზარაშვილი; born 6 April 1964 in Tblisi) is a retired Georgian sprinter who specialized in the 200 metres, representing the USSR and Georgia (since 1992).	Maia Azarashvili	Georgia
country of citizenship	Gaston Lachaise was taught the refinement of European sculpture while living in France.	Gaston Lachaise	France
country of citizenship	James Gobbo was born in Melbourne, Victoria, in 1931, to Italian parents who returned to Italy briefly before returning to live permanently in Australia in 1938.	James Gobbo	Australia
country of citizenship	Todor Petrov, (born March 19, 1960 in Gevgelija, Republic of Macedonia) is a Macedonian nationalist political activist.	Todor Petrov	Macedonia
country of citizenship	Senahid Halilović (born 22 March 1958 in Tuholj, Bosnia and Herzegovina) is a Bosnian linguist.	Senahid Halilović	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Kelly Shelford (born 4 May 1966) is a New Zealand rugby league player who represented his country, including in Test matches that counted towards the 1992 World Cup.	Kelly Shelford	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Bahia Hariri was born in Sidon, Lebanon In 1952.Hariri was born to a modest Sunni Muslim family, along with her two siblings Shafic and Rafik Hariri.	Bahia Hariri	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Franziska Huhn (born 1977 in Berlin, Germany) is a German harpist.	Franziska Huhn	Germany
country of citizenship	Wahid Saberi (Persian: وحید صابري‎) is a popular singer from Afghanistan.	Wahid Saberi	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Nauman Karim is a boxer from Pakistan.	Nauman Karim	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Kjetil-Vidar Haraldstad (stage name Frost), was born on June 28, 1973 in Øyer, Oppland, Norway, and is the drummer in the black metal bands Satyricon and 1349.	Kjetil-Vidar Haraldstad	Norway
country of citizenship	Michael Ponikvar (born December 26) is a former world-class track and field athlete from Canada, who is known for competing in the high jump.	Michael Ponikvar	Canada
country of citizenship	Mohammad Sameer Dad (born 25 November 1978 in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh) is a field hockey forward from India, who made his international senior debut for the Men's National Team in January 1998 during the test series against Germany.	Sameer Dad	India
country of citizenship	Sultan Abdulkadir Isse Ahmed Salah (Somali: Suldaan Cabdulqaadir Ciise Axmad Saalax, Arabic: سلطان عبد القادر عيسى أحمد صلاح قا بيله او غار سليمان‎) is the current Sultan of the Ugar Saleban sub-clan of the Majeerteen itself a sub-clan of Darood in Somalia.	Abdulkadir Isse Ahmed Salah	Somalia
country of citizenship	Yishan Yining (一山 一寧, in Japanese: Issan Ichinei) (1247 - 28 November 1317) was a Chinese Buddhist monk who traveled to Japan.	Yishan Yining	Japan
country of citizenship	Abdullah Ibn Humaid, also known as Abdullah bin Muhammad bin Humaid was the Chief Justice of Saudi Arabia and Imam of the Grand Mosque of Mecca.	Ibn Humaid	Saudi Arabia
country of citizenship	Olinta Ariosa Morales (1921--1999) was a librarian from Cuba.	Olinta Ariosa Morales	Cuba
country of citizenship	Merneith (also written Meritneith and Meryt-Neith) was a consort and a regent of Ancient Egypt during the first dynasty.	Merneith	Ancient Egypt
country of citizenship	Luke Covell (born 9 November 1981 in Goondiwindi, Queensland) is a New Zealand former professional rugby league footballer for the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks and Wests Tigers of the National Rugby League.	Luke Covell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Patrice Kwedi (born 30 September 1983, in Yaoundé) is a football player from Cameroon.	Patrice Kwedi	Cameroon
country of citizenship	At the age of five, Emelie Ölander started to play football in the youth team of Malmö FF. Some years later she became a national youth player for Sweden.	Emelie Ölander	Sweden
country of citizenship	Sombat Metanee (Thai: สมบัติ เมทะนี, born June 26, 1937 in Ubon Ratchathani Province, Thailand) is a Thai actor and film director.	Sombat Metanee	Thailand
country of citizenship	Tlgadintsi or Tlkatintsi (Armenian: Թլկատինցի), Hovhannes Harutiunian (Armenian: Հովհաննես Հարությունյան, 1860, Tlkatin village, Kharpert, Western Armenia -1915) was an Armenian writer and teacher noted for his leading role in rural literature.	Tlgadintsi	Armenia
country of citizenship	John Henry Davis Burnand (2 December 1850 -- 25 March 1919), known as Harry Burnand, was a New Zealand engineer and sawmiller.	Harry Burnand	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Shane Cross (22 August 1986 -- 7 March 2007) was an Australian street skateboarder from the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia.	Shane Cross	Australia
country of citizenship	Samuel Feijóo (November 27, 1914 in San Juan de los Yeras, Las Villas, Cuba - July 14, 1992 in Villa Clara, Cuba) was a Cuban writer and artist specializing in painting and illustration.	Samuel Feijóo	Cuba
country of citizenship	James Krüss was the best known and most prolific children's author in what was for nearly all his writing life the Federal Republic of Germany.	James Krüss	Germany
country of citizenship	Uraz Turakulov (born January 28, 1963, Tajikistan) is Tajikistani football coach.	Uraz Turakulov	Tajikistan
country of citizenship	Tiina Ala-aho is a paralympic athlete from Finland competing mainly in category F33 shot put and javelin events.	Tiina Ala-aho	Finland
country of citizenship	Edward Kamau Brathwaite (born 11 May 1930, Bridgetown, Barbados) is widely considered one of the major voices in the Caribbean literary canon.	Kamau Brathwaite	Barbados
country of citizenship	Vittorio Zoboli (born June 24, 1968 in Bologna, Italy) is an Italian racing driver.	Vittorio Zoboli	Italy
country of citizenship	Slomó Köves (born Máté Köves Budapest, 1979) is the current Executive Rabbi of EMIH Unified Hungarian Jewish Congregation (in Hungarian: EMIH Egységes Magyarországi Izraelita Hitközség) an affiliate of Chabad Lubavitch in Hungary.	Slomó Köves	Hungary
country of citizenship	Ivan Kerzelli or Cherzelli (also known as I. I. Kerzelli, or Iosif Kertsel, Russian: Иван Керцелли, И. И. Керцелли, or Иосиф Керцель) was an opera composer and conductor in Imperial Russia of 18th century.	Ivan Kerzelli	Russia
country of citizenship	Jory Nash is based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada and tours regularly.	Jory Nash	Canada
country of citizenship	William Wymond Walkem (June 25, 1850 -- September 23, 1919) was a physician, author and political figure in British Columbia, Canada.	William Wymond Walkem	Canada
country of citizenship	Vitaly Pushnitsky (Russian: Вита́лий Ю́рьевич Пушни́цкий; born 7 July 1967, Leningrad, USSR) is a Russian artist based in Saint-Petersburg, Russia.	Vitaly Pushnitsky	Russia
country of citizenship	La Hire joined Charles VII in 1418, when the English army invaded France.	La Hire	France
country of citizenship	Peter Kaiser (October 1, 1793 - February 23, 1864) was a historian and statesman from Liechtenstein.	Peter Kaiser	Liechtenstein
country of citizenship	Sergey Chemezov graduated with honors from Irkutsk Institute of National Economy (presently Baikal State University of Economics and Law) in 1975 and then completed his postgraduate education at the Military Academy of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Russia.	Sergey Chemezov	Russia
country of citizenship	Mathieu Bois (born July 6, 1988) is a competition swimmer from Canada, who mostly competes in the breaststroke events.	Mathieu Bois	Canada
country of citizenship	Julien Maitron (Dompierre-sur-Nièvre, 20 February 1881 -- Tourriers, 29 October 1972) was a French professional road bicycle racer, who competed in the 1904 to 1912 Tours de France.	Julien Maitron	France
country of citizenship	Ferdinand Perier, S.J., D.D. (22 September 1875, Antwerp, Belgium -- 10 November 1968, Calcutta, India), was a Jesuit priest, a missionary in British India, and the third Archbishop of Calcutta (now Kolkata).	Ferdinand Perier	Belgium
country of citizenship	Estanislao Severo Zeballos born in Rosario, Santa Fe, Argentina on 27 July 1854, the eldest son of Lieutenant Colonel Estanislao Zeballos and Felisa Juárez.	Estanislao Zeballos	Argentina
country of citizenship	Arun Vaidyanathan (born in Sirkazhi, Tamil Nadu, India) is an Indian-American film director, producer and screenwriter of feature films, short films and television dramas.	Arun Vaidyanathan	India
country of citizenship	Fred Roger Pontare (born Roger Johansson; 17 October 1951, Arjeplog Municipality, Sweden) is a Swedish musician.	Roger Pontare	Sweden
country of citizenship	Hoàng Thanh Tùng (born 19 November 1996) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Winger for V-League (Vietnam) club Hoàng Anh Gia Lai F.C.	Hoàng Thanh Tùng	Vietnam
country of citizenship	In addition Allan Murdmaa has designed numerous monuments across Estonia - monuments of Amandus Adamson, Eduard Vilde, Heino Eller and Oskar Luts, the obelisk of the Tehumardi battle, the memorial of the victims of Stalinist Terror in Rakvere and the memorial of Maarjamäe.	Allan Murdmaa	Estonia
country of citizenship	Jacomina de Witte (1582, The Hague -- 1661, Zierikzee?) was the central figure in a famous corruption case in the Netherlands in 1649.	Jacomina de Witte	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Kat McSnatch is a Sydney, Australia-born songwriter, singer and comedian.	Kat McSnatch	Australia
country of citizenship	Susann Götz (born December 14, 1982 in Bad Muskau, East Germany) is a German ice hockey defender.	Susann Götz	East Germany
country of citizenship	Peter McAra, Jr. (1862 -- 1949) was a businessman and political figure in Saskatchewan, Canada.	Peter McAra, Jr.	Canada
country of citizenship	Born on the 6 October 1968 in Provins, France, Dominique Ané is the only child of a teacher and a homemaker.	Dominique A	France
country of citizenship	Maja Tatić (Serbian Cyrillic: Маја Татић) (born 30 October 1970 in Belgrade, Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Bosnian singer.	Maja Tatić	Serbia
country of citizenship	Anita Kalinde is the MP for Thyolo North in Malawi.	Anita Kalinde	Malawi
country of citizenship	Pedro Moreira Salles (born October 20, 1959) is the current Chairman of Itaú Unibanco the largest private banking institution in Brazil and is a Forbes billionaires listed person with a net worth of US$ 2.6 billion.	Pedro Moreira Salles	Brazil
country of citizenship	Israel Meir Freimann (Yiddish: ישראל מאיר פריַימאן‎, also Israel Meier Freimann; b. 27 September 1830 in Cracow, then the Free City, d. 21 August 1884 in Ostrowo, then Posen Province, Germany) was a Polish-born German rabbi, philosopher, and orientalist.	Israel Meir Freimann	Germany
country of citizenship	Xabi Aburruzaga (born 1978 in Portugalete, Euskadi, Spain) is a Basque musician and composer, who is a master of the Trikitixa, the diatonic accordion.	Xabi Aburruzaga	Spain
country of citizenship	Nathalie Simard (born 7 July 1969) is a pop singer from Quebec, Canada, and the sister of performer René Simard.	Nathalie Simard	Canada
country of citizenship	Rodolfo Rensoli is the founder of Grupo Uno who organized the first rap music festival in Cuba in 1995.	Rodolfo Rensoli	Cuba
country of citizenship	Chubby Hubby or Aun Koh (born 1972) is a blogger from Singapore.	Chubby Hubby	Singapore
country of citizenship	Nor Hakim Hassan (born 2 October 1991 in Terengganu) is a Malaysian footballer currently playing for T-Team on loan from Terengganu in Malaysia Super League.	Nor Hakim Hassan	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Józef Arkusz was born on March 18, 1921, in Peratyn, Poland (modern day Ukraine, near Ternopil).	Józef Arkusz	Poland
country of citizenship	When tsar Peter I of Russia was a young boy, Avtonom Golovin served him as a room stolnik.	Avtonom Golovin	Russia
country of citizenship	Nguyễn Hữu An was born in the Truong Yen Commune of the Hoa Lư District, Ninh Binh, Vietnam.	Nguyễn Hữu An	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Armando Castelar (born November 5, 1955, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a Brazilian economist who was Head of the Economics Department of the Brazilian Development Bank (BNDES) for eight years, leading the Bank´s research work and advising the Executive Board on macroeconomic issues.	Armando Castelar	Brazil
country of citizenship	Clifford Blais (born ca. 1956) is a family physician in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Clifford Blais	Canada
country of citizenship	Katarina Kruhonja (born 1949) is a peace activist from Osijek, eastern Croatia.	Katarina Kruhonja	Croatia
country of citizenship	Alberto Weretilneck (born October 11, 1962) is the current governor of Río Negro Province, Argentina.	Alberto Weretilneck	Argentina
country of citizenship	Ebba Thomsen (3 May 1887--18 December 1973) was a Danish actress during the golden era of silent films in Denmark.	Ebba Thomsen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Te Pokiha Taranui (?--1901) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader and soldier.	Te Pokiha Taranui	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Aleksey Yemelin (Russian: Алексей Йемепин; born October 16, 1968 in Moscow) is a retired high jumper who represented the USSR and later Russia.	Aleksey Yemelin	Russia
country of citizenship	Ailamari Vehviläinen (born 20 April 1977 in Jyväskylä, Finland) is an award-winning Finnish singer.	Ailamari Vehviläinen	Finland
country of citizenship	Džemal Bijedić (Bosnian pronunciation: (bijěːdit͡ɕ); 12 April 1917 -- 18 January 1977) was a Bosniak Communist politician from Bosnia and Herzegovina, and the prime minister of Yugoslavia from 1971 until his death.	Džemal Bijedić	Bosnia and Herzegovina	Yugoslavia
country of citizenship	Afsaneh Pakroo (Persian: افسانه پاکرو‎‎, born May 1, 1983, Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian actress.	Afsaneh Pakroo	Iran
country of citizenship	Alireza Danesh Sokhanvar (1921--2000), commonly known as Danesh Sokhanvar, was a cleric from Ayask, Khorasan, in Iran.	Alireza Danesh Sokhanvar	Iran
country of citizenship	Anna Vanessa Hegelmaier (born June 18, 1987) is a German fashion model, who placed ninth in the third cycle of the reality television show Germany's Next Top Model after withdrawing due to a brain concussion.	Vanessa Hegelmaier	Germany
country of citizenship	Ferdinand Faczinek (31 December 1911--1991) was a footballer from Slovakia, who played internationally for Czechoslovakia (8 caps).	Ferdinand Faczinek	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Jona Weinhofen is an Australian guitarist and musician from Adelaide, South Australia.	Jona Weinhofen	Australia
country of citizenship	Sir James Albert Manning Aikins, K.C., (December 10, 1851 -- March 1, 1929) was a politician in Manitoba, Canada.	James Albert Manning Aikins	Canada
country of citizenship	István Szijjártó (Slovene: Števan Sijarto) (c. 1765 -- 10 September 1833) was a Slovene evangelic teacher and poet in Hungary.	István Szijjártó	Hungary
country of citizenship	Nadine Stroitz (born 1995 in Annenheim, Austria) is an Austrian beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Austria.	Nadine Stroitz	Austria
country of citizenship	Amanda Stott (born May 6, 1982) is a Canadian pop singer from Brandon, Manitoba, Canada.	Amanda Stott	Canada
country of citizenship	Petru Godiac (born October 1, 1967, Talmaza) is an activist from Moldova.	Petru Godiac	Moldova
country of citizenship	Zohreh Jooya (Persian: زهره جویا‎‎) is a singer born in Mashhad, Iran.	Zohreh Jooya	Iran
country of citizenship	Hermanus Carel du Preez (born 30 April 1993 in Hartswater, South Africa) is a South African rugby union player, currently playing with the S.A. Sevens team.	Carel du Preez	South Africa
country of citizenship	André Akkari (born December 28, 1974 in São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian professional poker player.	André Akkari	Brazil
country of citizenship	Yaşar Erkan (30 April 1911 in Erzincan -- 18 May 1986) was a Turkish sports wrestler, who became first Olympic gold medalist for Turkey in the Featherweight class of Men's Greco-Roman Wrestling.	Yaşar Erkan	Turkey
country of citizenship	Carla Sandoval (born 1982, Valdivia, Chile) is a Chilean pianist of classical repertoire.	Carla Sandoval	Chile
country of citizenship	Arístides Bastidas (12 March 1924 - 23 September 1992) was a Venezuelan journalist, educator and scientist and was one of the pioneers of what is termed as ``science journalism'' in Venezuela.	Arístides Bastidas	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Moshe Lewin was born in 1921 in Wilno, Poland (now Vilnius, Lithuania), the son of ethnic Jewish parents who died in the Holocaust.	Moshe Lewin	Poland
country of citizenship	Kurt Hessenberg was born on August 17, 1908 in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, as the fourth and last child of the lawyer Eduard Hessenberg and his wife Emma, née Kugler.	Kurt Hessenberg	Germany
country of citizenship	Olga Poblete de Espinosa was a long-time women's rights activist and feminist in Chile.	Olga Poblete	Chile
country of citizenship	Richard Pyros is a British actor often residing in Australia, who first achieved fame in the hit Australian Channel Seven TV show, Big Bite which was nominated for two AFI Awards in 2003.	Richard Pyros	Australia
country of citizenship	Yann Siccardi (born March 2, 1986 in La Colle, Monaco) is a Monégasque Olympic judoka who competes in the Men's 60 kg category.	Yann Siccardi	Monaco
country of citizenship	Ali Aref Bourhan (Arabic: علي عارف برهان‎) (b. 1934 in Tadjoura, Djibouti) was a Djiboutian politician.	Ali Aref Bourhan	Djibouti
country of citizenship	Ágnes Szokolszky (6 July 1956, Budapest, Hungary) is a Hungarian educator and psychologist, a habilitated associate professor and director of the Institute of Psychology, Szeged.	Ágnes Szokolszky	Hungary
country of citizenship	Harold Samuel, Baron Samuel of Wych Cross (23 April 1912 -- 28 August 1987) was the founder of Land Securities, one of the United Kingdom's largest property companies.	Harold Samuel, Baron Samuel of Wych Cross	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Frederick William Strange (September 9, 1844 -- June 5, 1897) was an English-born physician, surgeon and political figure in Ontario, Canada.	Frederick William Strange	Canada
country of citizenship	V. S. Pargaonkar (Devanagari: वि. शं. पारगावकर) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India.	V. S. Pargaonkar	India
country of citizenship	In 1976 Barney Simon co-founded Johannesburg's Market Theatre, South Africa's first multiracial cultural center and a birthplace of the country's indigenous theater movement.	Barney Simon	South Africa
country of citizenship	Sebastian Kamwanga (29 April 1929 -- 22 January 1999) was a Hompa (king) of the Gciriku, one of five kingdoms of the Kavango people in northern Namibia, from 1985 to 1999.	Sebastian Kamwanga	Namibia
country of citizenship	Simon Berg, born 1983 in Boden, Sweden, is a Swedish artist and photographer.	Simon Berg	Sweden
country of citizenship	He was born in Repentigny, Lower Canada, the son of Joseph Marion and Louise Brousseau, and was educated there, at the Collège de l'Assomption and the Université Laval.	Joseph Marion	Canada
country of citizenship	Chea Vichea (Khmer: ជា វិជ្ជា) was the leader of the Free Trade Union of Workers of the Kingdom of Cambodia (FTUWKC) until his assassination on Chinese New Year, 22 January 2004.	Chea Vichea	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Rémi Ochlik was born in 1983 in Thionville and lived in the area around Florange, Moselle in the Lorraine region of northeastern France.	Rémi Ochlik	France
country of citizenship	Aelia Zenonis (died 476/477) was the Empress consort of Basiliscus of the Byzantine Empire, brother of Verina.	Zenonis	Byzantine Empire
country of citizenship	Clarence Joseph Veniot (February 9, 1886 -- March 7, 1977) was a physician, surgeon and political figure in New Brunswick, Canada.	Clarence Joseph Veniot	Canada
country of citizenship	Dubbed ``Princess Fatu Gayflor, the golden voice of Liberia'', she has performed at major music venues and festivals throughout the world and has made a number of recordings.	Fatu Gayflor	Liberia
country of citizenship	Azartash Azarnoush (Persian: آذرتاش آذرنوش‎, born 1937) is a linguist and scholar of Iran.	Azartash Azarnoush	Iran
country of citizenship	Dong Guishan (Chinese: 董贵山; born July 1946) is a retired lieutenant general in the People's Liberation Army (PLA) of the People's Republic of China, who served as commander of the PLA Tibet Military District.	Dong Guishan	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	When Florvil Hyppolite became president in 1889, Victoire Jean-Baptiste was moved to the presidential palace in Port-au-Prince, and after the death of Chery in 1893, she functioned openly as the first lady of Haiti in official ceremonies.	Victoire Jean-Baptiste	Haiti
country of citizenship	Ignacio Prieto Urrejola (born September 23, 1943 in Santiago, Chile) is a former Chilean footballer currently played for 5 clubs and in the Chile national football team in the FIFA World Cup England 1966.	Ignacio Prieto	Chile
country of citizenship	Alejandro Núñez (born 25 February 1984 in Madrid, Spain) is a Spanish racing driver who is currently competing in the Porsche Supercup, Spanish Formula 3 and, most recently, has signed with the Trident Racing team to compete in the International Formula Master series..	Alejandro Núñez	Spain
country of citizenship	Galilea Montijo (born Martha Galilea Montijo Torres on June 5, 1973, Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico) is a Mexican actress, comedian, model and TV presenter.	Galilea Montijo	Mexico
country of citizenship	Stanley Jayasinghe (born January 19, 1931 in Badulla) is a former Sri Lankan cricketer who played for Ceylon prior to the country being renamed Sri Lanka, and prior to them receiving either Test of ODI status.	Stanley Jayasinghe	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Filip Hološko (born 17 January 1984) is a Slovak football striker who currently plays for A-League club Sydney FC and Slovakia national football team.	Filip Hološko	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Hassan Benabicha (born 1964) is a Moroccan football manager and former player who is currently the manager of Morocco U-23 team.	Hassan Benabicha	Morocco
country of citizenship	Iraida Yusupova (born February 20, 1962) is a Turkmenistani composer of half Russian half Tatar ethnicity who lives in Moscow, Russia.	Iraida Yusupova	Russia
country of citizenship	Jacob Kremberg (sometimes Jakob Kremberg) was a sculptor, working Scania, present-day Sweden, during the early 17th century.	Jacob Kremberg	Sweden
country of citizenship	Since 1955, the Gerrit Schulte Trophy has been awarded by the national federation to the best professional rider in the Netherlands.	Gerrit Schulte	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Murray Dodd (May 23, 1843 -- August 25, 1905) was a lawyer, judge and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada.	Murray Dodd	Canada
country of citizenship	Mirosław Pych (born 15 March 1972 in Słubice) is a Paralympic athlete from Poland competing mainly in category P12 pentathlon events.	Mirosław Pych	Poland
country of citizenship	Linh Dinh (Vietnamese Đinh Linh, born 1963, Saigon, Vietnam) is a Vietnamese-American poet, fiction writer, translator, and photographer.	Linh Dinh	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Brahim Zehhar (born 25 March 1935 in Casablanca, Morocco), commonly known as Tatum, is a retired Moroccan footballer.	Brahim Zehhar	Morocco
country of citizenship	Bāzrangī (also known as Bazrangids or Badhrangids) is the attested family name of a dynasty of petty rulers in south western Iran near the end of Arsacid Empire as well as the name of geographical districts.	Bazrangi	Iran
country of citizenship	General Sounthone Pathammavong (1911-1989) was the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Laos from 31 December 1959 to 7 January 1960.	Sounthone Pathammavong	Laos
country of citizenship	Jukka Ammondt is a professor of literature in the University of Jyväskylä, Finland with a Ph.D in philosophy.	Jukka Ammondt	Finland
country of citizenship	Yana Milev studied art from 1983 to 1985 at the HGB Leipzig, Germany, 1987 to 1995 stage-design at the HfBK Dresden, Germany.	Yana Milev	Germany
country of citizenship	Pilar Pellicer (born Pilar Pellicer López de Llergo on February 2, 1938 in Mexico City, México) is a Mexican film actress.	Pilar Pellicer	Mexico
country of citizenship	Caroline Ramersdorfer is an Austrian-born sculptor with studios in upstate New York and Feldkirch in Vorarlberg, Austria.	Caroline Ramersdorfer	Austria
country of citizenship	Bipan Chandra (27 May 1928 -- 30 August 2014) was an Indian historian, specialising in economic and political history of modern India.	Bipan Chandra	India
country of citizenship	Michael Eichberger (born 23 June 1953) is a German law scientist and a judge at the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany.	Michael Eichberger	Germany
country of citizenship	Marco Aurélio Spall Maia, better known as Marco Maia (born 27 December 1965), is a Brazilian politician, and the President of the Chamber of Deputies of Brazil from 2010 to 2013.	Marco Maia	Brazil
country of citizenship	Prince William, Duke of Gloucester and Edinburgh KG PC FRS (William Henry; 25 November 1743 -- 25 August 1805), was a grandson of King George II and a younger brother of King George III of the United Kingdom.	Prince William, Duke of Gloucester and Edinburgh	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Fernando Luiz Mattos da Matta, better known as DJ Marlboro, is a Brazilian DJ. DJ Marlboro is one of the originators of the Brazilian ``funk'' music, which is how a crossover between freestyle and rap music genres is known in Brazil.	DJ Marlboro	Brazil
country of citizenship	Samir al-Rifai (Arabic: سمير الرفاعي‎, 30 January 1901 -- 12 October 1965) was a six-time Prime Minister of Jordan.	Samir al-Rifai	Jordan
country of citizenship	Sondre Meisfjord (born 18 March 1975 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian folk and jazz musician (double bass and cello), and composer, raised in Frei, Nordmøre, known from bands like Come Shine, Flukt, Gjermund Larsen Trio.	Sondre Meisfjord	Norway
country of citizenship	Elli Kokkinou (Greek pronunciation: (ˈeli koˈki'nou); Greek: Έλλη Κοκκίνου) (Born July 24, 1970) is a Greek singer who was born in Athens, Greece.	Elli Kokkinou	Greece
country of citizenship	Michel Stoffel (1903--1963) was a Luxembourg artist and author.	Michel Stoffel	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Bogdan Konopka (born July 27, 1953 in Dynów, Poland) - Polish photographer and art critic, who began taking photographs in the mid-1970s.	Bogdan Konopka	Poland
country of citizenship	Jan, Johan or Johannes van Walbeeck (1602, Amsterdam -- after 1649) was a Dutch navigator and cartographer during a 1620s circumnavigation of the earth, an admiral of the Dutch West India Company, and the first governor of the Netherlands Antilles.	Johannes van Walbeeck	Netherlands
country of citizenship	However, the bandits did not dare to cross the border into Yuzhang Commandery in Yang Province (covering most of southeastern China) to pillage the area when they heard that Pan Zhang was stationed there.	Pan Zhang	China
country of citizenship	Ernst Schmidt (12 October 1924 -- 16 December 2009) was a German communist activist in West Germany during the Cold War.	Ernst Schmidt	Germany
country of citizenship	Born in Shanghai in 1889, Zheng Zhengqiu was a young intellectual involved in China's theater scene when he and his friend and colleague, Zhang Shichuan, made the first Chinese film, the short, The Difficult Couple in 1913.	Zheng Zhengqiu	China
country of citizenship	Alessandro Rossi (born 10 August 1967) was one of the two Captains Regent of San Marino for the six-month term from April 1 to October 1, 2007, together with Alessandro Mancini.	Alessandro Rossi	San Marino
country of citizenship	Antonio Bautista graduated from The University of the Philippines Los Baños in 1957 with a degree in Agriculture.	Antonio Bautista	Philippines
country of citizenship	Gianmarco Cavagnino (born in Asti, Italy, 25 October 1964) is an Italian architect.	Gianmarco Cavagnino	Italy
country of citizenship	Olawale Gladstone Emmanuel Rotimi, best known as Ola Rotimi (13 April 1938 -- 18 August 2000), was one of Nigeria's leading playwrights and theatre directors.	Ola Rotimi	Nigeria
country of citizenship	D.Kay aka David Kulenkampff (born 1979, Vienna, Austria) is a drum and bass producer.	D.Kay	Austria
country of citizenship	Emmy Gee, born in Nigeria, is the last born of four siblings.	Emmy Gee	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Set Phyo Wai (Burmese: ဆက်ဖြိုးဝေ; born 1 December 1994) is a footballer from Burma, and a midfielder for the Myanmar U-23 football team and Yangon United FC	Set Phyo Wai	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Major Wacław Kopisto a.k.a. Wacław Jaworski, nom de guerre Kra (8 February 1911 -- 23 February 1993) was an officer of the Polish Army in interwar Poland, infantry captain, and an underground soldier of the elite Polish Cichociemni unit (the Silent Unseen) during the occupation of Poland in World War II.	Wacław Kopisto	Poland
country of citizenship	Mohammad Ibn Khafif known as al-Shaykh al-Kabir or Shaykh al-Shirazi was a mystic and sufi from Iran.	Ibn Khafif	Iran
country of citizenship	Welliton has not been called up by Brazil and has expressed interest in representing Russia, in November 2011 Spartak Moscow announced they were in the process of helping Welliton acquire a Russian passport.	Welliton	Brazil
country of citizenship	Rani Manicka is an International Best selling novelist, born and educated in Malaysia;	Rani Manicka	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Kola Ige (born December 28, 1985 in Nigeria) is a Nigerian footballer.	Kola Ige	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Lieutenant General Trần Thanh Phong (19 January 1926 - 1 December 1972) was an officer of the Army of the Republic of Vietnam.	Trần Thanh Phong	Vietnam
country of citizenship	He is the youngest millionaire, according to the Forbes Kazakhstan magazine, Marat Abiyev's net worth is estimated at US$11 million as of November 2013.	Marat Abiyev	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	Waldir Lucas Pereira (born May 2, 1982) is a Brazil football player who currently plays for América-SP. Waldir Lucas previously played for AC Ajaccio in Ligue 1 and Ligue 2.	Waldir Lucas Pereira	Brazil
country of citizenship	Vera Călin (born Vera Clejan; 17 February 1921, Bucharest, Romania - December 2013, Los Angeles) was a Romanian-born American literary critic, literary historian, essayist and translator.	Vera Călin	Romania
country of citizenship	Cameron Potts (born 10 November 1971 in Subiaco, Western Australia), is a musician based in Melbourne.	Cameron Potts	Australia
country of citizenship	Luiz Carlos Nascimento Júnior or simply Luizão (born January 3, 1987 in Vargem Alta, Espírito Santo, Brazil), is an association footballer.	Luiz Carlos Nascimento Júnior	Brazil
country of citizenship	Peter Croes (born March 16, 1984) is a triathlete from Belgium, specialized in the Olympic distance.	Peter Croes	Belgium
country of citizenship	Heinrich Brewer (September 6, 1640 in Puffendorf, Germany -- ca. 1713 in Puffendorf) was a German Roman Catholic priest and historian.	Heinrich Brewer	Germany
country of citizenship	Pandiraj was born June 7, 1976 and brought up in Virachilai Township, Pudukkottai, Tamil Nadu, India.	Pandiraj	India
country of citizenship	Jean Dufy was born in Le Havre, France on March 12, 1888 into a large family.	Jean Dufy	France
country of citizenship	Mary Onyali-Omagbemi currently serves as the Special Adviser (Technical) to the Director General of the National Sports Commission in Nigeria.	Mary Onyali-Omagbemi	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Karl Benz was born Karl Friedrich Michael Vaillant, on November 25, 1844 in Mühlburg, now a borough of Karlsruhe, Baden-Württemberg, which is part of modern Germany, to Josephine Vaillant and a locomotive driver, Johann George Benz, whom she married a few months later.	Karl Benz	Germany
country of citizenship	Atiur Rahman (born 3 August 1951) is a Bangladeshi economist, writer and banker, currently serving as the Governor of Bangladesh Bank, the central bank of the country.	Atiur Rahman	Bangladesh
country of citizenship	Víctor Olea Alegría (born 17 June 1950) was a member (militante) of Chile's Partido Socialista.	Víctor Olea Alegría	Chile
country of citizenship	Rota Waitoa (? -- 22 July 1866) was a notable New Zealand Anglican clergyman, of Māori descent, he identified with the Ngati Raukawa iwi.	Rota Waitoa	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Yusuf Halil (September 10, 1991), is a professional ice hockey player, who currently plays forward for the Turkish Ice Hockey Super League's Izmir B.B. SK and since 2010 in the Turkey national men's ice hockey team.	Yusuf Halil	Turkey
country of citizenship	Sævar Birgisson (born February 15, 1988 in Reykjavík, Iceland) is a cross-country skier from Iceland.	Sævar Birgisson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Nina Agatha Rosamond Barrer (9 August 1879--17 September 1965) was a New Zealand teacher and community leader.	Nina Agatha Rosamond Barrer	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Vidar Busk (born 19 May 1970 in Langesund, Norway) is a Norwegian guitarist, vocalist, composer and record producer within genres blues and soul.	Vidar Busk	Norway
country of citizenship	María Eugenia Cordovez Pontón (? -- September 30, 2012) served as the former First Lady of Ecuador from 1984 to 1988.	María Eugenia Cordovez	Ecuador
country of citizenship	One of Australia's most influential DJs and producers, Peewee Ferris has been instrumental in the Australian and international dance movement for well over fifteen years.	Peewee Ferris	Australia
country of citizenship	Peer M. Schatz (born August 3, 1965) is the Chief Executive Officer of Qiagen N.V. Schatz grew up in the United States and Switzerland.	Peer M. Schatz	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Siv Cedering was born 30 kilometers south of the arctic circle in rural Överkalix, Norrbotten County, Sweden, the second of four children.	Siv Cedering	Sweden
country of citizenship	Zulfiqar Ali (born 1947, Mombasa, Kenya) was a right-handed cricket bowler who played three ODIs for East Africa.	Zulfiqar Ali	Kenya
country of citizenship	Turki bin Sultan (6 October 1959 -- 25 December 2012) was deputy minister of culture and information of Saudi Arabia and a member of House of Saud.	Turki bin Sultan	Saudi Arabia
country of citizenship	Irena Salina (born 8 July 1978) was born in France and acted in French theatre before moving to New York City to study at the Actors Studio.	Irena Salina	France
country of citizenship	Mohammed Ben Aarafa, or Ben Arafa (1889 -- 17 July 1976) was a distant relative of Sultan Mohammed V of Morocco (Arabic: محمد بن عرفة بن محمد‎); he was put in Mohammed V's place by the French after they exiled Mohammed V to Madagascar.	Mohammed Ben Aarafa	Morocco
country of citizenship	Enzo G. Castellari was born June 29, 1938 in Rome Italy.	Enzo G. Castellari	Italy
country of citizenship	Louisa Bolus attended school in Port Elizabeth (South Africa) and completed her BA degree in Cape Town in 1902.	Louisa Bolus	South Africa
country of citizenship	Jean-Paul Mendy (born December 14, 1973 in Mantes-la-Jolie, Yvelines) is a professional boxer from France, who won the bronze medal in the middleweight division (-- 75 kg) at the 1997 World Amateur Boxing Championships in Budapest, Hungary.	Jean-Paul Mendy	France
country of citizenship	Mohamed Osman Jawari (Somali: Maxamed Cismaan Jawaari, Arabic: محمد عثمان جواري‎) (born December 7, 1945 in Afgooye, Somalia) is a Somali attorney and politician.	Mohamed Osman Jawari	Somalia
country of citizenship	Omar Sebastián Monesterolo (born 30 March 1983 in San Francisco, Argentina) is an Argentine striker who plays for CA San Jorge.	Omar Sebastián Monesterolo	Argentina
country of citizenship	Vasif Talibov (also Talybov; Azerbaijani: Talıbov Vasif Yusif oğlu, born 14 January 1960, Aralig, Nakhchivan ASSR, Azerbaijan SSR) is the current chairman of the Supreme Assembly of Nakhchivan, and regarded as the de facto authoritarian ruler of the Nakhichivan Autonomous Republic, an autonomous exclave of Azerbaijan.	Vasif Talibov	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Alex C. Delos Santos born on September 24, 1967 in San Jose, Antique is a Karay-a writer and theater artist based in San Jose, Antique, the Philippines.	Alex C. Delos Santos	Philippines
country of citizenship	Leutnant Albert Dossenbach was buried in Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany.	Albert Dossenbach	Germany
country of citizenship	Cornelia Sirch (born 23 October 1966 in Erfurt, East Germany) is a former backstroke swimmer.	Cornelia Sirch	East Germany
country of citizenship	Anne Louhelainen (née Vainio; born 8 January 1965 in Lahti) is a member of the parliament of Finland, elected 17 April 2011.	Anne Louhelainen	Finland
country of citizenship	Arnold Arre (born September 2, 1971 in Metro Manila, Philippines) is a Filipino comic book writer, artist and self-taught animator best known for his graphic novels The Mythology Class (1999) and Ang Mundo ni Andong Agimat (2006).	Arnold Arre	Philippines
country of citizenship	Paul Achkar (born on February 3, 1893 in Damascus, Syria - died on 23 April 1982) was the first Archbishop of the Melkite Greek Catholic Archeparchy of Latakia in Lebanon.	Paul Achkar	Syria
country of citizenship	Manikya Lal Verma (1888 -- 14 January 1969) was a member of Constituent Assembly of India in 1949.	Manikya Lal Verma	India
country of citizenship	Barney Barnato (21 February 1851 -- 14 June 1897), born Barnet Isaacs, was a British Randlord, one of the entrepreneurs who gained control of diamond mining, and later gold mining, in South Africa from the 1870s.	Barney Barnato	South Africa
country of citizenship	Wade Cunningham (born 19 August 1984) is a racing driver from Auckland, New Zealand who competed in the Firestone Indy Lights Series.	Wade Cunningham	New Zealand
creator	Created by Dick Clark as a spin-off of American Bandstand, Where the Action Is premiered on June 27, 1965.	Where the Action Is	Dick Clark
creator	Life in Cold Blood is a BBC nature documentary series written and presented by David Attenborough, first broadcast in the United Kingdom from 4 February 2008 on BBC One.	Life in Cold Blood	David Attenborough
creator	The Martyrdom of Saint Symphorian is an 1834 painting by Jean-Auguste-Dominique Ingres.	The Martyrdom of Saint Symphorian	Jean-Auguste-Dominique Ingres
creator	The Madonna and Child with St. Anne (Dei Palafrenieri) is one of the mature religious works of the Italian Baroque master Caravaggio, painted in 1605-1606, for the altar of Archconfraternity of the Papal Grooms (Italian: Arciconfraternita di Sant'Anna de Parafrenieri) in the Basilica of Saint Peter.	Madonna and Child with St. Anne (Dei Palafrenieri)	Caravaggio
creator	The Legend of Saint Ursula (Italian: Storie di sant'Orsola) is a series of large wall-paintings on canvas by the Italian Renaissance artist Vittore Carpaccio, originally created for the Scuola di Sant'Orsola (Ursula) in Venice.	Legend of Saint Ursula	Vittore Carpaccio
creator	City of Workers (German: Arbeiterstadt), also translated as Working-Class City, is an oil painting on canvas completed by the Berlin Secessionist painter Hans Baluschek in 1920.	City of Workers	Hans Baluschek
creator	Triptych of the Sedano family is an oil-on-panel triptych altarpiece by the Early Nethlandish painter Gerard David, usually dated between 1490 and 1498, probably c. 1495.	Triptych of the Sedano family	Gerard David
creator	American Legion Soldier is a public artwork by German-born American artist Adolph Wolter, located at the American Legion building on K Street, N.W. in Washington, D.C., United States.	American Legion Soldier	Adolph Wolter
creator	The Queen Alexandra Memorial on Marlborough Road, London, which commemorates Queen Alexandra of Denmark, was executed by the sculptor Sir Alfred Gilbert between 1926 and 1932.	Queen Alexandra Memorial	Alfred Gilbert
creator	A Murder Is Announced is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club in June 1950 and in the US by Dodd, Mead and Company in the same month.	A Murder Is Announced	Agatha Christie
creator	The Staircase of the London Residence of the Painter is a painting made in 1828 by the Dutch painter Pieter Christoffel Wonder.	The Staircase of the London Residence of the Painter	Pieter Christoffel Wonder
creator	The Valpinçon Bather (Fr: La Grande Baigneuse) is an 1808 painting by the French Neoclassical artist Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres (1780-1867), held in the Louvre since 1879.	The Valpinçon Bather	Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres
creator	Childrens Hospital (originally titled Childrens' Hospital as webisodes) is a satirical American comedy television series and web series that parodies the medical drama genre, created by and starring actor/comedian Rob Corddry.	Childrens Hospital	Rob Corddry
creator	Fountain of Time, or simply Time, is a sculpture by Lorado Taft, measuring 126 feet 10 inches (38.66 m) in length, situated at the western edge of the Midway Plaisance within Washington Park in Chicago, Illinois, in the United States.	Fountain of Time	Lorado Taft
creator	The Hireling Shepherd (1851) is a painting by the Pre-Raphaelite artist William Holman Hunt.	The Hireling Shepherd	William Holman Hunt
creator	Jeune Fille Endormie is a 1935 work by Spanish painter Pablo Picasso.	Jeune Fille Endormie	Pablo Picasso
creator	Il était une fois... les Amériques (English: Once Upon a Time... The Americas) was a French animated TV series from 1991 directed by Albert Barillé.	Once Upon a Time... The Americas	Albert Barillé
creator	Mars and Venus with Cupid and a Dog is a 163-by-125-centimetre (64 in × 49 in) oil painting by Paolo Veronese.	Mars and Venus with Cupid and a Dog	Paolo Veronese
creator	Piet Pienter en Bert Bibber was a Belgian comic series, published between 1950 and 1995, created by Pom (Jozef Van Hove).	Piet Pienter en Bert Bibber	Pom
creator	The Portrait of Bindo Altoviti is a painting finished around 1515 by the Italian High Renaissance painter Raphael.	Portrait of Bindo Altoviti	Raphael
creator	Schlesinger saw the Harman-Ising test film and signed the animators to produce cartoons at their studio for him to sell to Warner Bros. Bosko became the star vehicle for the studio's new Looney Tunes cartoon series.	Bosko	Harman-Ising
creator	Yam Roll (or the long title, The Very Good Adventures of Yam Roll in Happy Kingdom) is a Canadian animated television series created by Jono Howard and Jon Izen airing on CBC Television in Canada, produced by March Entertainment.	Yam Roll	Jono Howard
creator	Ruby, Gold and Malachite is an oil-on-canvas painting by Henry Scott Tuke.	Ruby, Gold and Malachite	Henry Scott Tuke
creator	The Knifegrinder Principle of Glittering (Russian: Точильщик, Tochil'schik Printsip Mel'kaniia), or sometimes shortened to The Knifegrinder, is a 1912-13 cubo-futurist painting by Russian artist Kazimir Malevich.	The Knifegrinder	Kazimir Malevich
creator	Sacred and Profane Love (Italian: Amor Sacro e Amor Profano, also called Venus and the Bride) is an oil painting by Titian, painted c. 1514.	Sacred and Profane Love	Titian
creator	The Astronaut Wives Club is an American period drama television series developed by Stephanie Savage for ABC.	The Astronaut Wives Club	Stephanie Savage
creator	Aswamedham was a reverse quiz program in Kairali TV, a Malayalam channel, in the format of twenty questions.	Aswamedham	Kairali TV
creator	A Logician Devil or The Logician Devil is an illustration of Lucifer created by Salvador Dalí in 1951 for Dante Alighieri's Divine Comedy.	A Logician Devil	Salvador Dalí
creator	Portrait of Lorenzo Cybo (1524) is a painting by the Italian late Renaissance artist Parmigianino.	Portrait of Lorenzo Cybo	Parmigianino
creator	Shepherdess Seated on a Rock or The Knitter or Shepherdess Knitting is an 1856 oil on wood painting by Jean-François Millet, who was a leader of the Barbizon school, which emphasized realism.	Shepherdess Seated on a Rock	Jean-François Millet
creator	So What Now? is a BBC television sitcom starring comedian Lee Evans.	So What Now?	Lee Evans
creator	Prince Hamlet is the title character and protagonist of William Shakespeare's tragedy Hamlet.	Prince Hamlet	William Shakespeare
creator	The Night Café (French: Le Café de nuit) is an oil painting created by Dutch artist Vincent van Gogh in September 1888 in Arles.	The Night Café	Vincent van Gogh
creator	The Walking Man (French: 'L'homme qui marche') is a bronze sculpture by the French sculptor Auguste Rodin.	The Walking Man	Auguste Rodin
creator	Fear the Walking Dead is an American horror drama television series created by Robert Kirkman and Dave Erickson that premiered on AMC on August 23, 2015.	Fear the Walking Dead	Robert Kirkman
creator	The Bagthorpe Saga is a series of 10 fiction books written by author Helen Cresswell between 1977 and 2001.	The Bagthorpe Saga	Helen Cresswell
creator	The Gate of Calais or O, the Roast Beef of Old England is a 1748 painting by William Hogarth, reproduced as a print from an engraving the next year.	The Gate of Calais	William Hogarth
creator	Count Dracula is the title character and main antagonist of Bram Stoker's 1897 Gothic horror novel Dracula.	Count Dracula	Bram Stoker
creator	Hammerman is a Saturday morning cartoon, produced by DIC Entertainment and starring pop rapper MC Hammer, which aired for thirteen episodes on ABC in 1991.	Hammerman	DIC Entertainment
creator	Sylvette is the title of a portrait painting by Pablo Picasso, featuring a young woman with a pony tail.	Sylvette	Pablo Picasso
creator	The Isleworth Mona Lisa is a painting of the same subject as Leonardo da Vinci's Mona Lisa.	Isleworth Mona Lisa	Leonardo da Vinci
creator	The Ugly Duchess (also known as A Grotesque Old Woman) is a satirical portrait painted by the Flemish artist Quentin Matsys around 1513.	The Ugly Duchess	Quentin Matsys
creator	The Elements trilogy is a trilogy of films by Indian film-maker Deepa Mehta, dealing with controversial issues of social reform on the Indian subcontinent.	Elements trilogy	Deepa Mehta
creator	The Digital LG Quiz was a Philippine quiz show that aired on GMA Network from 1999 to 2004.	Digital LG Quiz	GMA Network
creator	The Nixon White House tapes are audio recordings of the communications of U.S. President Richard Nixon and various Nixon administration officials and White House staff, ordered by the President for personal records.	Nixon White House tapes	Richard Nixon
creator	Swak na Swak (Lit. That Fits), formerly known as Kabuhayang Swak na Swak, is an entrepreneurial and informative show produced by Bayan Productions, Inc. which airs weekend mornings on ABS-CBN.	Swak na Swak	Bayan Productions, Inc.
creator	Two Girls Dressing a Kitten by Candlelight (also known as Dressing the Kitten) (c. 1768--70) is a ``fancy painting'' by Joseph Wright of Derby (1734--97).	Two Girls Dressing a Kitten by Candlelight	Joseph Wright of Derby
creator	Better Portable Graphics (BPG) is a file format for coding digital images, which was created by programmer Fabrice Bellard in 2014.	Better Portable Graphics	Fabrice Bellard
creator	Princess X is a sculptured rendering of the French princess, Marie Bonaparte, by the artist Constantin Brâncuși.	Princess X	Constantin Brâncuși
creator	View of Notre-Dame (French: Une vue de Notre-Dame) is an oil painting by Henri Matisse from 1914.	View of Notre-Dame	Henri Matisse
date of birth	Dominic Besner (1965) or ``Besner'' is a Canadian artist known for colourful and textured paintings of masked figures.	Dominic Besner	1965
date of birth	Margit Oelsner-Baumatz (nickname, ``Margarita''; born 1938) is a psychologist, educator, rabbi, and feminist.	Margit Oelsner-Baumatz	1938
date of birth	Song Wenjie (simplified Chinese: 宋文杰; traditional Chinese: 宋文傑; pinyin: Sòng Wénjié; born 15 January 1991) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Hebei China Fortune in the China League One.	Song Wenjie	15 January 1991
date of birth	Leo Lentelli (20 October 1879 - 31 December 1961) was an Italian sculptor who immigrated to the United States.	Leo Lentelli	20 October 1879
date of birth	Singin' Sam aka Harry Frankel (January 27, 1888, Springfield, Ohio -June 12, 1948, Richmond, Indiana) was a minstrel performer, vaudevillian and popular personality during the early days of radio.	Singin' Sam	1888
date of birth	Giovanni Martini or Giovanni Martini da Udine (1470/75 -- September 30, 1535) was an Italian painter and sculptor of the Renaissance, born in Udine between 1470 and 1475.	Giovanni Martini da Udine	1470
date of birth	Warushavithana Upul Tharanga (born 2 February 1985), commonly known as Upul Tharanga (), is a Sri Lankan cricketer.	Upul Tharanga	2 February 1985
date of birth	Mads Junker (born 21 April 1981 in Copenhagen) is a retired Danish football striker who last played for Delhi Dynamos in Indian Super League.	Mads Junker	21 April 1981
date of birth	Ousmane Sow (born 10 October 1935) is a Senegalese sculptor of life-size statues of humans and groups of humans.	Ousmane Sow	1935
date of birth	Andrew Szanton (born in Washington, D.C. in 1963) is an American collaborative memoirist.	Andrew Szanton	1963
date of birth	Veresa Toma (born 26 August 1981) is a Fijian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Fijian club Rewa F.C. He has also played in Singapore, Australia and Papua New Guinea.	Veresa Toma	26 August 1981
date of birth	Francoys Dancx or Danks (1636, Amsterdam -- May 14, 1676, Amsterdam), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Francoys Dancx	1636
date of birth	James Motluk (born 26 April 1964 in Brockville, Ontario, Canada) is a filmmaker of Ukrainian descent.	James Motluk	26 April 1964
date of birth	David Lindsay, 11th Earl of Crawford (1547?--1607) was a Scottish nobleman and privy councilor.	David Lindsay, 11th Earl of Crawford	1547
date of birth	Sorin Cârțu (born 12 November 1955 in Cornu, Dolj County) is a former football striker and currently a football coach.	Sorin Cârțu	12 November 1955
date of birth	Rachel Talalay (born August 16, 1958) is an American film and television director and producer.	Rachel Talalay	1958
date of birth	Sandy Roberts (born 22 February 1950) is a sports presenter and commentator.	Sandy Roberts	22 February 1950
date of birth	Gudrun Holgersen (born 15 April 1950) is a Norwegian legal scholar.	Gudrun Holgersen	15 April 1950
date of birth	Aman Mojadidi (born 1971) is an American artist of Afghan descent known for his public art projects exploring Afghan politics and cross-cultural identity.	Aman Mojadidi	1971
date of birth	Kumar Mahadevan (born 23 November 1959) is an Indian chef, restaurateur and media personality, based in Australia.	Kumar Mahadevan	23 November 1959
date of birth	Terry N Phipps (born September 5, 1975) is a published poet and author local to the central Ohio area.	Terry N Phipps	1975
date of birth	Simon Drew (born 9 October 1952) is an English illustrator and cartoonist, noted for his quirky punning captions, often featuring animals which he draws in a fine pen-and-ink style.	Simon Drew	9 October 1952
date of birth	Miguel A. Torres (born 1941), the current President and Managing Director of Bodegas Torres, is a member of the fourth generation of this family business.	Miguel A. Torres	1941
date of birth	Myfanwy Waring (born 1974) is a Welsh actress, best known for her role as PC Amber Johannsen in the British drama series The Bill.	Myfanwy Waring	1974
date of birth	Kenneth McAlpine (born 21 September 1920) is a British former racing driver from England.	Kenneth McAlpine	21 September 1920
date of birth	Noel Mugavin (born 28 June 1956 in Warrnambool) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy and Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Noel Mugavin	28 June 1956
date of birth	Joseph Breck (1794--1873), a notable businessman of the 19th century, was born in Medfield, Massachusetts.	Joseph Breck	1794
date of birth	Dr. Alexander Hewat (or Hewatt) (1739--1824; b. Roxburgh, Scotland) was the first historian of South Carolina and Georgia, best known for his two volume work ``An Historical Account of the Rise and Progress of the Colonies of South Carolina and Georgia''.	Alexander Hewat	1739
date of birth	Alberto Janes (1909-1971) was a Portuguese songwriter.	Alberto Janes	1909
date of birth	Leonid Azgaldyan (Armenian: Լեոնիդ Ազգալդյան) (22 November 1942 -- 21 June 1992) was an Armenian physicist who rose to prominence as a military leader during the Nagorno Karabakh War.	Leonid Azgaldyan	22 November 1942
date of birth	Norm Stott (21 March 1904 -- 3 August 1994) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Norm Stott	21 March 1904
date of birth	Franco Pipino (born circa-1924 (age 90--91)) is an Italian professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s playing at representative level for Italy, and at club level for Torino XIII, as a Fullback, i.e. number 1.	Franco Pipino	1924
date of birth	Barbara Jane Horrocks (born 18 January 1964) is an English stage, film and television actress, voice artist, musician and singer, who played the roles of Bubble and Katy Grin in the BBC sitcom Absolutely Fabulous (1992--2012).	Jane Horrocks	18 January 1964
date of birth	Shai Halevi (Hebrew: שי הלוי‎; born 1966) is a computer scientist who works in the cryptography research group at IBM's Thomas J. Watson Research Center.	Shai Halevi	1966
date of birth	Karim Benyamina (Ar: كريم بن يمينة) (born 18 December 1981) is an Algerian international footballer.	Karim Benyamina	18 December 1981
date of birth	Enzo Robutti (born 24 October 1933) is an Italian actor, voice actor, comedian, playwright and writer.	Enzo Robutti	24 October 1933
date of birth	Desmond Barrit (born 19 October 1944) is a Laurence Olivier Award winning, Welsh actor, best known for his stage work.	Desmond Barrit	19 October 1944
date of birth	Samuel Cunningham PC (Ire) (14 October 1862 -- 23 August 1946) was a businessman, stockbroker and politician from Northern Ireland.	Samuel Cunningham	14 October 1862
date of birth	Eddie Wu Kuang-yu or Wu Guangyu (born 1946) is a Chinese-Canadian t'ai chi ch'uan (taijiquan) teacher.	Wu Kuang-yu	1946
date of birth	Renate Urne (born 11 June 1982) is a retired Norwegian international handballer.	Renate Urne	11 June 1982
date of birth	Thamir Ghadhban (Arabic: ثامر غضبان‎) (Karbala, 1945) is an Iraqi civil servant and politician.	Thamir Ghadhban	1945
date of birth	Tsyrendashi Dorzhiev (Russian: Цырендаши Доржиев; 1912 - January 3 1943) was a Soviet sniper.	Tsyrendashi Dorzhiev	1912
date of birth	Colin Nelson (born 13 March 1938 in Boldon, County Durham, England) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland as a full back.	Colin Nelson	13 March 1938
date of birth	Moshe Dwek (Hebrew: משה דואק‎, born 1931) is an Israeli most notable for throwing a hand grenade in the Knesset while it was in session in 1957 and for a failed run for the Knesset in 1988.	Moshe Dwek	1931
date of birth	David Brabham (born 5 September 1965) is an Australian professional racing driver and one of the most successful and experienced specialists in sports car racing.	David Brabham	5 September 1965
date of birth	Kristian Kristiansen (16 February 1865 - 30 June 1943) was a Norwegian explorer who participated in the Greenland expedition of 1888 arranged by Fridtjof Nansen.	Kristian Kristiansen	16 February 1865
date of birth	Ian Le Marquand or Bryan Ian Le Marquand (born 18 September 1951) is a Jersey politician, Deputy Chief Minister, Minister for Home Affairs, and former magistrate.	Bryan Ian Le Marquand	18 September 1951
date of birth	Vytautas Šapranauskas (19 April 1958 -- 18 April 2013) was a Lithuanian comedy and drama actor of theatre and cinema, and an anchor of TV programs.	Vytautas Šapranauskas	19 April 1958
date of birth	Jane Thackray (born 1968) is a former basketball player for England women's national basketball team.	Jane Thackray	1968
date of birth	Danijela Grgić (born 28 September 1988 in Banja Luka, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Yugoslavia) is a Croatian athlete competing mainly in the 400 metres.	Danijela Grgić	28 September 1988
date of birth	Geoff Hook OAM (born 27 December 1928 in Hobart, Tasmania), better known as Jeff Hook, is an Australian artist and former editorial cartoonist.	Jeff Hook	27 December 1928
date of birth	Michel Van den Bergh (born 25 July 1960) is a Belgian mathematician and professor at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel and does research at the Universiteit Hasselt.	Michel Van den Bergh	25 July 1960
date of birth	Lars Teutenberg (born 2 September 1970 in Mettmann) is a former German professional bicycle rider.	Lars Teutenberg	2 September 1970
date of birth	William Durland (born 1931) is a U.S. attorney, peace activist, author, and former member of the Virginia State Legislature.	William Durland	1931
date of birth	Joanna Kulig (born 24 June 1982) is a Polish film, stage, and television actress.	Joanna Kulig	24 June 1982
date of birth	Rhonda Glenn (May 6, 1946 -- February 12, 2015) was an American sportscaster, author and a manager of communications for the USGA beginning in 1996 until her retirement in May 2013.	Rhonda Glenn	1946
date of birth	Amulya (born Moulya on 14 September 1993) is an Indian film actress who appears in Kannada films.	Amulya	14 September 1993
date of birth	Haim Malka (born 18 February 1980) is an Israeli football Center Back who played for Maccabi Sha'arayim.	Haim Malka	18 February 1980
date of birth	André Sibomana (1954--1998) was a Rwandan priest and journalist and an exemplary figure in the Rwandan genocide.	André Sibomana	1954
date of birth	Private August Dorley (also August Doerle) (1842 to October 17, 1867) was a German soldier who fought in the American Civil War.	August Dorley	1842
date of birth	Roberto Diana (born 21 February 1983) is an Italian musician, guitarist, composer, producer and session man.	Roberto Diana	21 February 1983
date of birth	Luc Panissod born 1949, of France, was Secretary General of the World Organization of the Scout Movement (WOSM).	Luc Panissod	1949
date of birth	Muhammad Ainun Nadjib (born 27 May 1953), best known as Emha Ainun Nadjib or Cak Nun, is an Indonesian poet, essayist, and Islamic scholar.	Emha Ainun Nadjib	27 May 1953
date of birth	Giancarlo Giannini (Italian pronunciation: (dʒaŋˈkarlo dʒanˈniːni); born 1 August 1942) is an Italian actor and dubber.	Giancarlo Giannini	1 August 1942
date of birth	Ian Lougher (born 10 July 1963) is a British motorcycle racer famous for 9 motorcycle victories in the North West 200, 10 wins at the Isle of Man TT Races and 32 wins at the Southern 100 Races in his career.	Ian Lougher	10 July 1963
date of birth	Andy Johnson-Laird is the president of digital forensics firm Johnson-Laird Inc. He was born in Sheffield in England in February, 1945.	Andy Johnson-Laird	1945
date of birth	Wesley Dening (born 14 July 1983) is an Australian television producer and who lives in Los Angeles.	Wesley Dening	14 July 1983
date of birth	Richard Quesnel (born 1955) is a Canadian entrepreneur and mining engineer, currently president and chief executive officer of Colt Middle East,and a member of the board of directors of Sama Resources.	Richard Quesnel	1955
date of birth	Major-General Thomas Anthony Boam CB CBE (born 14 February 1932) was Commander of British Forces in Hong Kong.	Anthony Boam	1932
date of birth	George E. Kent (1920--82) was an African-American professor of literature, with a specialization in Afro-American literature.	George E. Kent	1920
date of birth	Wade McMahon (born 17 May 1985) is an Australian Paralympic athlete that competes in sprinting and javelin events.	Wade McMahon	17 May 1985
date of birth	Tagak Curley (born 1944) is an Inuit leader, politician and businessman from Nunavut.	Tagak Curley	1944
date of birth	Paddy Kingsland (born 30 January 1947) is a composer of electronic music best known for his incidental music for science fiction series on BBC radio and television whilst working at the BBC Radiophonic Workshop.	Paddy Kingsland	30 January 1947
date of birth	Abdul Al-Ghadi (26 September 1962) is a Yemeni former track and field athlete.	Abdul Al-Ghadi	26 September 1962
date of birth	Jon Grepstad (born 2 July 1944) is a Norwegian freelance journalist, photographer, peace activist and former head of information of the Norwegian Language Council.	Jon Grepstad	2 July 1944
date of birth	Arthur William Nugent (1891 - March 25, 1975), better known as Art Nugent, was an American cartoonist notable for his long-running syndicated puzzle feature, Funland (aka Uncle Art's Funland), which he drew for four decades.	Art Nugent	1891
date of birth	Esad Erbili was born in Arbil in Iraq in the year 1847 (1264), where he studied under Taha al-Hariri.	Esad Erbili	1847
date of birth	Vanessa Glođo (born 8 June 1974), often credited as Vanessa Glodjo, is a Bosnian actress.	Vanessa Glodjo	8 June 1974
date of birth	Traudl Maurer (born 1961) from Mittenwald is a German ski mountaineer and long-distance runner.	Traudl Maurer	1961
date of birth	Léo Trespeuch, was born on 4 April 1987, He lives in Val Thorens.	Léo Trespeuch	4 April 1987
date of birth	Lu Banglie (born 1971) is a pro-democracy activist in China.	Lu Banglie	1971
date of birth	Roxane LeBrasse (born 26 August 1983 in Mauritius) is an Australian singer who was placed ninth place on the third season of Australian Idol.	Roxane LeBrasse	26 August 1983
date of birth	Douglas León, known by his stage name Dogge Doggelito (born 24 July 1975) is a Swedish rapper, lecturer, author and artist.	Dogge Doggelito	24 July 1975
date of birth	Raymond Kingshott (born 13 January 1957) is an Australian born former English cricketer.	Raymond Kingshott	13 January 1957
date of birth	Louise Dear (born 1963 in Hampshire, England) is a professional contemporary artist who was signed to fine art publisher, Washington Green in 2010.	Louise Dear	1963
date of birth	Ariel Salinas Salinas (born 9 March 1989), is Chilean footballer that currently plays for Segunda División Profesional club Municipal La Pintana.	Ariel Salinas	9 March 1989
date of birth	Juan Mirabal (1903 -- 1970), also known as ``Tapaiu'' or Red Dancer, was an artist from Taos Pueblo, New Mexico.	Juan Mirabal	1903
date of birth	Yong Vui Kong (born 23 January 1988) is a Malaysian citizen of Hakka Chinese descent who was sentenced to death in Singapore for trafficking more than 15 grams of heroin in 2007.	Yong Vui Kong	23 January 1988
date of birth	Sir Thomas Shirley (1564 -- c. 1634) was an English soldier, adventurer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1584 and 1622.	Thomas Shirley	1564
date of birth	Daniel Ciugureanu (1884, Șirăuți, Bessarabia Governorate - May 19, 1950 in Turda) was a Moldovan politician and the prime minister of the Moldavian Democratic Republic in 1918.	Daniel Ciugureanu	1884
date of birth	Mukhtar Mohammed (born 1 December 1990) is a Somali-born British middle-distance runner specialising in the 800 metres.	Mukhtar Mohammed	1 December 1990
date of birth	Terasa Livingstone (born 9 April 1975) is an Australian theatre, film and television actress.	Terasa Livingstone	9 April 1975
date of birth	Peter Ducke (born 14 October 1941) is a Sudeten German and a former East German football player.	Peter Ducke	14 October 1941
date of birth	Gabi Novak (pronounced (ɡâbi nôʋaːk); born 8 July 1936) is a Croatian pop and jazz singer.	Gabi Novak	8 July 1936
date of birth	Svein Bjerke (born 15 November 1938 in Oslo), is a religious historian and professor emeritus at the University of Oslo, where he was attached to the Department for the History of Religion for thirty years, part of the time as its head.	Svein Bjerke	1938
date of birth	Thomas Weddle (1817 November 30 Stamfordham, Northumberland--1853 December 4 Bagshot) was a mathematician who introduced the Weddle surface.	Thomas Weddle	1817
date of birth	Marc Gabriel Charles Gleyre (2 May 1806 -- 5 May 1874), was a Swiss artist, resident in France from an early age.	Charles Gleyre	2 May 1806
date of birth	Benjamin F. Gibson (born July 13, 1931) is a former United States federal judge.	Benjamin F. Gibson	1931
date of birth	Ramdasa (1608- ) was an Indian spiritual leader who was a key spiritual guide to Shivaji the founder of the Marathi Empire.	Ramdasa	1608
date of birth	Oleg Tistol (Ukrainian: Олег Михайлович Тiстол, born on 25 August 1960 in Mykolaiv Oblast, Ukraine, USSR) is a Ukrainian painter, a representative of Ukrainian neo-baroque, the one of leaders of ``a new Ukrainian wave''.	Oleg Tistol	25 August 1960
date of birth	Georgina Muir Mackenzie (1833 -- 1874) was a British Balkan sympathiser, writer and traveller.	Georgina Muir Mackenzie	1833
date of birth	Waheed Karim (born c. 1965) is a former Afghan long-distance runner who is recognized by the International Association of Athletics Federations as holding the Afghan national record in the marathon and the 5,000 meters.	Waheed Karim	1965
date of birth	Olga Roriz (born 8 August 1955 in Viana do Castelo) is a Portuguese choreographer and dancer.	Olga Roriz	8 August 1955
date of birth	Abraham Buschke (27 September 1868 - 23 February 1943) was a Jewish German dermatologist who was a native of Nakel in the Province of Posen.	Abraham Buschke	27 September 1868
date of birth	Daniel Slater (born 20 April 1966) is a British theatre and opera director.	Daniel Slater	20 April 1966
date of birth	Eyal Gabbai (born in 1967 in Jerusalem) was the Director-General of the Israeli Prime Minister's Office from 2009 to 2011.	Eyal Gabbai	1967
date of birth	Tomi Pöllänen (born 26 May 1978 in Joensuu) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward, who plays for Lillehammer in the Norwegian GET-ligaen.	Tomi Pöllänen	26 May 1978
date of birth	Eino Grön, born 31 January 1939, is a Finnish American singer known for his performance of a wide range of popular music styles, including Tango, jazz, and spiritual music.	Eino Grön	31 January 1939
date of birth	Bassam Talhouni (born 1964) is a Jordanian lawyer, academic and politician.	Bassam Talhouni	1964
date of birth	Alan Axelrod (born 1952) is an author of history, business and management books.	Alan Axelrod	1952
date of birth	Christophe de Longueil (1490 -- September 11, 1522) was a humanist from the Duchy of Brabant.	Christophe de Longueil	1490
date of birth	Rory Kerr (born 20 December 1979 in Glasgow) is a former Scotland rugby union international and Glasgow Warriors player.	Rory Kerr	20 December 1979
date of birth	Stanley Arthur Trick, known as Stan Trick (3 June 1884 - 11 February 1958) was an English cricketer for Essex.	Stanley Arthur Trick	3 June 1884
date of birth	Dani Thompson (born 22 August 1983) is a British actress, glamour model and TV presenter best known for her appearances in The Sport daily and Sunday newspaper.	Dani Thompson	22 August 1983
date of birth	Lee Towers (also known as ``The Man with the Golden Mic'', ``The Pin'' or ``The Glasses'' 'Mr Ahoy' the 'God Father of Dutch Popular Music') (born Leen Huijzer, 23 March 1946) is a Dutch crooner/singer.	Lee Towers	23 March 1946
date of birth	Justyn Cassell (born 25 May 1967) is a former a rugby union player who played for a number of top tier English club sides but was also known as an excellent Rugby Sevens player and in this capacity was capped for England and was part of the team that won the 1993 Rugby World Cup Sevens.	Justyn Cassell	25 May 1967
date of birth	Joseph Gervais (1777 -- July 14, 1861) was a pioneer settler and trapper in the Pacific Northwest.	Joseph Gervais	1777
date of birth	Franz Benque (12 March 1841 -- 30 March 1921), known in Brazil as Francisco Benque, was a German photographer.	Franz Benque	12 March 1841
date of birth	Han In Sang (born 10 December 1939) was a general authority of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) from 1991 to 1996.	Han In Sang	10 December 1939
date of birth	Vlasta Parkanová, née Trnovcová (born 21 November 1951) is a Czech politician who served from January 2007 to May 2009 as the nation's Minister of Defence.	Vlasta Parkanová	21 November 1951
date of birth	Mohamed Abou Gabal (Arabic: محمد أبو جبل‎) (born 29 January 1989) is an Egyptian footballer who currently plays for Zamalek SC as a Goalkeeper.	Mohamed Abou Gabal	29 January 1989
date of birth	Marjorie Fulton (married name Marjorie Harrell; née Marjorie McAllister Fulton; 28 December 1909 -- 3 November 1962) was an acclaimed American concert violinist and music educator of distinction.	Marjorie Fulton	28 December 1909
date of birth	German Yuferov (born 2 June 1963) is a Soviet modern pentathlete.	German Yuferov	2 June 1963
date of birth	Priit Aimla (born 19 April 1941 in Võru) is an Estonian writer, poet, humorist and politician known for several stage plays and books.	Priit Aimla	19 April 1941
date of birth	Su Yunying (simplified Chinese: 苏运莹; traditional Chinese: 蘇運瑩; born 8 April 1991), also known as Sue Su, is a Chinese singer-songwriter.	Su Yunying	8 April 1991
date of birth	He Zuoxiu (Chinese: 何祚庥; pinyin: Hé Zuòxiū; born 1927) is a Chinese physicist and member of Chinese Academy of Sciences.	He Zuoxiu	1927
date of birth	Yantou Quanhuo (Chinese: 巖頭全豁; pinyin: Yántóu Quánhuō; Japanese Gānto Zenkatsu) (828--887) was an ancient Ch'an master of Yantou Monastery in Ezhou, China.	Yantou Quanhuo	828
date of birth	René Mortiaux (born 1881, date of death unknown) was a Belgian bobsledder who competed during the early 1920s.	René Mortiaux	1881
date of birth	Liad Shoham (born 1971) is an Israeli writer and lawyer.	Liad Shoham	1971
date of birth	Bernard Mouat Jones (27 November 1882 -- 11 September 1953) was a British chemist, notable for identifying the chemical in mustard gas and the first scientist to be Vice-Chancellor of the University of Leeds.	Bernard Mouat Jones	27 November 1882
date of birth	Narendra Man Singh (Nepali: नरेन्द्र मान सिंह) (1958?-27 November 2009) was a Nepalese footballer.	Narendra Man Singh	1958
date of birth	Jörg Diesch (born 29 September 1951 in Friedrichshafen) is a German sailor, Olympic champion and world champion.	Jörg Diesch	29 September 1951
date of birth	Ravindra Khattree (born 1959) is an Indian-born statistician and professor of statistics at Oakland University.	Ravindra Khattree	1959
date of birth	Gerhard Schwehm (b. 13 March 1949, Ludwigshafen am Rhein, Germany) is Head of Solar System Science Operations Division for the European Space Agency (ESA).	Gerhard Schwehm	13 March 1949
date of birth	Lee Mackey (born 1988) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a right wing-back for the London senior hurling team.	Lee Mackey	1988
date of birth	Ramakrishnan Sridhar (born 16 July 1970), commonly known as R Sridhar, is a former Indian first-class cricketer and the current fielding coach of the Indian national cricket team.	Ramakrishnan Sridhar	1970
date of birth	Stuart MacKenzie (born 5 April 1937) is an Australian competition rower and Olympic medalist, who also competed for Great Britain at the 1962 World Championships.	Stuart MacKenzie	5 April 1937
date of birth	Michael Lee-Chin, OJ (born 1951) is a Jamaican business magnate, investor, and philanthropist.	Michael Lee-Chin	1951
date of birth	Jon McClure (born 22 December 1981), known as The Reverend, is an English musician.	Jon McClure	22 December 1981
date of birth	Sir George Samuel Measom (1818-1901) was an English engraver and publisher who compiled guides to railway travel in Great Britain in the mid-19th century.	George Samuel Measom	1818
date of birth	Li Youwen (Chinese: 栗又文) (1901 - 1984) was a People's Republic of China politician.	Li Youwen	1901
date of birth	Ben Schwarze (born 24 August 1983) is a former professional Australian rules football player who played for North Melbourne.	Ben Schwarze	24 August 1983
date of birth	Marion Ettlinger (born 1949) is a photographer specializing in author portraits.	Marion Ettlinger	1949
date of birth	Goran Škundrić (born 1987 in Odžaci) is a Serbian volleyball player, currently playing for Ribnica Kraljevo.	Goran Škundrić	1987
date of birth	Lew Mon-hung, BBS (Chinese: 劉夢熊, born November 1948), nicknamed ``Dream Bear'' based on his Chinese name, is a Hong Kong businessman who is the former deputy chairman and executive director of Pearl Oriental Oil Limited.	Lew Mon-hung	1948
date of birth	Hoàng Tụy (Xuân Đài village, Điện Bàn, 17 December 1927) is a prominent Vietnamese applied mathematician.	Hoàng Tụy	17 December 1927
date of birth	Vicky Vette (born 12 June 1965) is a Norwegian-Canadian pornographic actress, webcam model and webmaster.	Vicky Vette	12 June 1965
date of birth	Lotfi Khaïda (Arabic: لطفي خيدا‎, born 20 December 1968) is a retired Algerian long jumper and triple jumper.	Lotfi Khaïda	20 December 1968
date of birth	Kenan Karaman (born 5 March 1994) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Hannover 96 in the Bundesliga.	Kenan Karaman	5 March 1994
date of birth	Saint Moses the Black (330--405), (also known as Abba Moses the Robber, the Abyssinian, the Ethiopian and the Strong) was an ascetic monk and priest in Egypt in the fourth century AD, and a notable Desert Father.	Moses the Black	330
date of birth	Charles Colbert, marquis de Croissy (1625 -- July 28, 1696) was a French statesman and diplomat.	Charles Colbert, marquis de Croissy	1625
date of birth	Cri-Zelda Brits, also written Crizelda Brits and Cri-zelda Brits (born 20 November 1983) is an international cricketer.	Cri-Zelda Brits	20 November 1983
date of birth	Dr Rameshwar Oraon (born 14 February 1947) is an Indian politician, a member of the 14th Lok Sabha.	Rameshwar Oraon	14 February 1947
date of birth	Todd Jay Weinstein (born 1951) is a photographer and artist, born in Detroit, Michigan, and who now lives in New York City.	Todd Jay Weinstein	1951
date of birth	Abraham Bennet FRS (baptised 20 December 1749 - buried 9 May 1799) was an English clergyman and physicist, the inventor of the gold-leaf electroscope and developer of an improved magnetometer.	Abraham Bennet	20 December 1749
date of birth	Bouthaina Shaaban (Arabic: بثينة شعبان‎) (born 1953) is a Syrian politician and is currently the political and media adviser to the President of Syria.	Bouthaina Shaaban	1953
date of birth	Oliver Callan (born 27 December 1980) is an Irish vocal and performance satirist and impressionist known as the creator of Callan's Kicks, Nob Nation and for frequent appearances on the The Saturday Night Show.	Oliver Callan	27 December 1980
date of birth	Walter Camidge (2 January 1912--July 1987), also known as William A Camidge, was an English footballer.	Walter Camidge	2 January 1912
date of birth	Simon Dolan (born 20 May 1969) is a British businessman and entrepreneur.	Simon Dolan	20 May 1969
date of birth	Michel Debray (born 10 September 1936) is a French admiral and politician.	Michel Debray	10 September 1936
date of birth	Lieutenant General Edward Soriano (born 12 November 1946) is an American retired military officer.	Edward Soriano	12 November 1946
date of birth	Tadeusz Jordan-Rozwadowski (19 May 1866 -- 18 October 1928) was a Polish military commander, diplomat, and politician, a general of the Austro-Hungarian Army and then the Polish Army.	Tadeusz Jordan-Rozwadowski	19 May 1866
date of birth	Ronald Edward Zupko (born 5 August 1938) is an authority on historical metrology (the study of the history of weights and measures) with an academic background in medieval history.	Ronald Edward Zupko	5 August 1938
date of birth	Ya'akov Shefi (Hebrew: יעקב שפי‎, born 25 January 1941) is an Israeli former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Labor Party from 1992 until 1996.	Ya'akov Shefi	25 January 1941
date of birth	Kyle Macaulay (born 13 May 1986 in Aberdeen) is a former professional footballer who currently works as a performance analyst for Swedish football club, Östersunds FK.	Kyle Macaulay	13 May 1986
date of birth	John Mountford (born 28 November 1948 in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire,) is a British television executive and former broadcaster.	John Mountford	28 November 1948
date of birth	Dame Marie Selipha Descartes DBE, BEM (28 March 1914 -- 11 August 2010), best known as Sesenne, was a Saint Lucian singer and cultural icon.	Sesenne	28 March 1914
date of birth	Thomas Fredrik Olsen or Fred Olsen (born 1 January 1929) is a Norwegian shipping magnate and Chairman of the companies in the Fred.	Fredrik Olsen	1 January 1929
date of birth	Yoshiharu Kohayakawa (Japanese name: コハヤカワヨシハル, born 1963) is a Japanese-Brazilian mathematician working on discrete mathematics and probability theory.	Yoshiharu Kohayakawa	1963
date of birth	Beatrice Deloitte Davis AM MBE (1909--1992) was Australia's first full-time book editor, appointed by Angus & Robertson in 1937.	Beatrice Deloitte Davis	1909
date of birth	Dr. Vijay Anand Reddy (born 20 October 1959) is an Indian oncologist, radiation therapist and director at Apollo Cancer Hospitals.	Vijay Anand Reddy	20 October 1959
date of birth	Sir Benjamin Ayloffe, 4th Baronet (1631 -- 5 March 1722) of Great Braxted, was a London merchant.	Sir Benjamin Ayloffe, 4th Baronet	1631
date of birth	Jean-François Leleu (1729 - 1807) was a leading French furniture-maker (ébéniste) of the eighteenth century.	Jean-François Leleu	1729
date of birth	Wim Soutaer (born 27 June 1974 in Halle, Flemish Brabant), was a contestant best known for placing third in Idool 2003, the Belgian version of Pop Idol.	Wim Soutaer	27 June 1974
date of birth	Sigurd Segelcke Meidell (20 February 1878 -- 26 July 1968) was a Norwegian journalist, genealogist and novelist.	Sigurd Segelcke Meidell	20 February 1878
date of birth	Suzanne Portnoy, (born 1961) is the author of the best-selling explicit memoir The Butcher, The Baker, the Candlestick Maker:	Suzanne Portnoy	1961
date of birth	Kathleen Schlesinger (1862, in Holywood, Ireland -- 1953, in London) was a British music archaeologist and curator of musical instruments at the British Museum.	Kathleen Schlesinger	1862
date of birth	Steve Missillier (born 12 December 1984) is a French alpine skier and non-commissioned officer.	Steve Missillier	12 December 1984
date of birth	Sarah Solemani (Persian: سارا سلیمانی‎‎, Hebrew: שרה סולימני) (born 4 September 1982) is an English film actress, writer, and playwright, best known for starring in the sitcom Him & Her and Bad Education.	Sarah Solemani	4 September 1982
date of birth	Siger of Brabant (Sigerus, Sighier, Sigieri or Sygerius de Brabantia; c. 1240 -- before 10 November 1284) was a 13th-century philosopher from the southern Low Countries who was an important proponent of Averroism.	Siger of Brabant	1240
date of birth	R. Panneerselvam (born 10 April 1970) is an Indian/Tamil action film director.	R. Panneerselvam	10 April 1970
date of birth	Alhaji Fatai Akinade Akinbade (born April 1955) is a Nigerian politician who became Secretary to the State Government in Osun State.	Fatai Akinade Akinbade	April 1955
date of birth	Edmund Dickinson or Dickenson (1624--1707) was an English royal physician and alchemist, author of a syncretic philosophical system.	Edmund Dickinson	1624
date of birth	Saverio Gandini (1729 -- 9 March 1796) was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque and Neoclassic periods, mainly active in Brescia.	Saverio Gandini	1729
date of birth	Albert Rust (1818 -- April 4, 1870) was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Arkansas, and a delegate to the Provisional Confederate Congress.	Albert Rust	1818
date of birth	Jenna Arrowsmith (born 5 May 1980) is a British former competitive figure skater who competed in ladies' singles.	Jenna Arrowsmith	5 May 1980
date of birth	Peter Tetteroo (1963) is a Dutch journalist and filmmaker.	Peter Tetteroo	1963
date of birth	Yitzchak Isaac of Zidichov (1805--June 4, 1873) was a noted Hasidic rabbi.	Yitzchak Isaac of Zidichov	1805
date of birth	Lisa Chapman (born 18 August 1984) is an English former competitive swimmer who represented Great Britain in the Olympics and European championships.	Lisa Chapman	18 August 1984
date of birth	Dietmar Hopp (born 26 April 1940) is a German billionaire software entrepreneur.	Dietmar Hopp	26 April 1940
date of birth	Hazel Buck (born 8 March 1932 in Wyong, New South Wales, Australia) is a former Australian cricket player.	Hazel Buck	8 March 1932
date of birth	George Ashfield (7 April 1934 -- March 1985) was an English footballer.	George Ashfield	7 April 1934
date of birth	Janis Crystal Lipzin, (born Colorado Springs, 1945) is an American artist working with film, photography, video, audio, multi-media installations, and media performance.	Janis Crystal Lipzin	1945
date of birth	Douglas Hutchinson (born 1918) was a Northern Ireland Unionist politician Born in Richhill, County Armagh, Hutchinson worked as a fruit farmer.	Douglas Hutchinson	1918
date of birth	Anna Stothard (born 1983), is a British novelist, journalist and screenwriter.	Anna Stothard	1983
date of birth	Bernd Altenstein (born 29 April 1943) is a German Sculptor and University lecturer.	Bernd Altenstein	29 April 1943
date of birth	Matthew James Harris (born 30 June 1968) is an Australian serial killer from Wagga Wagga, New South Wales, currently serving two sentences of life imprisonment plus 40 years imprisonment without the possibility of parole for the murder of three people in and around Wagga Wagga in October and November 1998.	Matthew James Harris	30 June 1968
date of birth	Voskan Yerevantsi was born in 1614 in New Julfa (Nor Jugha), the son of parents who had been deported from Yerevan in 1604-1605 during the relocation ordered by Shah Abbas I of Persia.	Voskan Yerevantsi	1614
date of birth	Ledian Memushaj (born 7 December 1986) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays for Italian club Pescara and the Albanian national team.	Ledian Memushaj	7 December 1986
date of birth	Charles Raymond Greene (17 April 1901 -- 1982) was a Doctor of Medicine and a mountaineer, and older brother of the novelist Graham Greene and the broadcaster and BBC executive Hugh Greene.	Raymond Greene	17 April 1901
date of birth	Li Decheng (李德誠) (863-August 5, 940), formally Prince Zhongyi of Zhao (趙忠懿王), was a prominent general of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period state Wu.	Li Decheng	863
date of birth	Stefanie Jamaica Pschill aka Fawni (born 17 July 1985) is an Austrian singer-songwriter, artist and actress.	Fawni	17 July 1985
date of birth	Nora Volkow (born 27 March 1956) is a Mexican-born naturalized American psychiatrist.	Nora Volkow	27 March 1956
date of birth	Christian Görlitz (born 1944) is a film director.	Christian Görlitz	1944
date of birth	Mudar Zahran (born 19 April 1973) is a Jordanian Palestinian writer and the secretary general of the Jordanian Opposition Coalition.	Mudar Zahran	19 April 1973
date of birth	Alex Kahn (b. 9 April 1967) is an American visual and performance artist, best known for his creation of the large-scale puppet performance works that lead New York's Village Halloween Parade each year.	Alex Kahn	9 April 1967
date of birth	Ambar Das (born 10 March 1974) is a music composer, producer, drummer and guitarist of repute from Guwahati, Assam .	Ambar Das	10 March 1974
date of birth	Phil Steele (born c. 1960) is an American sportswriter and analyst who focuses exclusively on college and professional football.	Phil Steele	1960
date of birth	Bart Vanheule (10 November 1983) is a Belgian professional road bicycle racer who rode for UCI Professional Continental team Chocolade Jacques-Topsport Vlaanderen between 2006 and 2009.	Bart Vanheule	10 November 1983
date of birth	Åge Korsvold (born 8 April 1946) is a Norwegian businessperson and since 2006 chief executive officer of Kistefos.	Åge Korsvold	8 April 1946
date of birth	Perry Deane Young (born 27 March 1941) is a journalist, author, playwright, historian, and professional gardener.	Perry Deane Young	27 March 1941
date of birth	Dejan Vukadinović (Serbian Cyrillic: Дejaн Bукaдинoвић, born 3 September 1982) is a Montenegrin footballer playing for Chainat in Thai Premier League.	Dejan Vukadinović	3 September 1982
date of birth	Cezar Mateus (born 1961 in Bucharest, Romania) is an American luthier working in Princeton, New Jersey.	Cezar Mateus	1961
date of birth	Kostas Hatziantoniou (born 1965) is a Greek writer born and raised in Rhodes.	Kostas Hatziantoniou	1965
date of birth	Elisabeth of Schönau (c. 1129 -- 18 June 1164) was a German Benedictine visionary.	Elisabeth of Schönau	1129
date of birth	John Suchet (/ˈsuːʃeɪ/ SOO-shay; born 29 March 1944) is an English author, newsreader, television presenter and musical host on Classic FM (UK).	John Suchet	29 March 1944
date of birth	Joachim Koester (born 1962 in Copenhagen) is a conceptual artist and a graduate of the Royal Danish Academy of Art in his native city.	Joachim Koester	1962
date of birth	Philip Embury (Ballingrane, County Limerick, Ireland, 21 September 1729 - Camden, New York, August 1775) was a Methodist preacher, a leader of one of the earliest Methodist congregations in the United States.	Philip Embury	21 September 1729
date of birth	Christian Brembeck (born 1960 in Munich) is a German conductor, organist and harpsichordist.	Christian Brembeck	1960
date of birth	Sami Rintala (born 1969) is a Finnish architect and artist.	Sami Rintala	1969
date of birth	Thomas Richard Mechler, known as Tom Mechler (born c. 1957), a petroleum and natural gas consultant from Amarillo, Texas, is the chairman of the Republican Party of Texas.	Tom Mechler	1957
date of birth	Oliver Luke (1574--1648) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons of England from 1614 to 1648.	Oliver Luke	1574
date of birth	Antonia de Sancha (born 14 September 1961 in Hammersmith, London) is an English actress and businesswoman best known as the former mistress of British Conservative Member of Parliament and Cabinet minister David Mellor which became public knowledge in 1992.	Antonia de Sancha	14 September 1961
date of birth	Sue Mosteller, C.S.J. (born 1933) is a writer and teacher who lives in Toronto, Canada.	Sue Mosteller	1933
date of birth	Julian Popov (born in 1959 in Sofia, Bulgaria) is a Bulgarian-British writer and journalist.	Julian Popov	1959
date of birth	Peter Cockroft (born 13 April 1957, Catterick, North Riding of Yorkshire) is a British weather forecaster.	Peter Cockroft	13 April 1957
date of birth	Mohamed Makhzangi (born 1950) is an Egyptian doctor and writer.	Mohamed Makhzangi	1950
date of birth	Alexander Fekete (né Sándor Fekete; Hungary, 1827 -- East St. Louis, Illinois, at the beginning of March 1911) was a Hungarian and American soldier and physician.	Alexander Fekete	1827
date of birth	Nora Wall (formerly Sister Dominic of the Sisters of Mercy) (born 1948) is a former Irish nun of the Sisters of Mercy who was wrongfully convicted of rape in June 1999, and served four days of a life sentence in July 1999, before her conviction was quashed.	Nora Wall	1948
date of birth	Helen Shipman (1899--1984) was an American singer, dancer and actress who starred in various Broadway musicals and musical comedies and who also acted in movies.	Helen Shipman	1899
date of birth	Óscar Molina Casillas (born 2 January 1990 in Commerce, California) is a Mexican American amateur boxer who qualified for the 2012 Olympics.	Óscar Molina	2 January 1990
date of birth	Egle Oddo (Palermo, 1975) is an Italian visual artist residing in Helsinki, Finland.	Egle Oddo	1975
date of birth	André Geerts (18 December 1955 -- 27 July 2010) was a Belgian comics creator best known for his series Jojo.	André Geerts	18 December 1955
date of birth	Clarence Aaron ``Tod'' Robbins (1888--1949), billed as C.A Robbins and better known as Tod Robbins ,was an American author of horror and mystery fiction, particularly novels and short story collections.	Tod Robbins	1888
date of birth	Andrea Faciu (born 1977 in Bucharest) is a Romanian artist who has lived in Germany since 1991.	Andrea Faciu	1977
date of birth	Wayne B. Thomas (born January 24, 1969) is an American economist and Professor of Accounting at the University of Oklahoma who has specifically focussed on market-based accounting research.	Wayne B. Thomas	1969
date of birth	Andrew R. Heinze (born 19 January 1955) is an American playwright, non-fiction author, and scholar of American history.	Andrew R. Heinze	19 January 1955
date of birth	Stella Garza-Hicks (born 1953) is a former Republican legislator in the U.S. state of Colorado.	Stella Garza-Hicks	1953
date of birth	Brendan Grace (born 1 April 1951) is an Irish comedian and singer.	Brendan Grace	1 April 1951
date of birth	Martin Tomovski (Macedonian: Мартин Томовски) (born 10 July 1997) is a Macedonian handball player for RK Metalurg Skopje.	Martin Tomovski	10 July 1997
date of birth	Oliver Baker (1856-1939) was an English painter, etcher, designer and silversmith, best known for his role in the development of the Cymric Silverware line for Liberty & Co. Baker was born in Birmingham, the son of the artist Samuel Henry Baker.	Oliver Baker	1856
date of birth	Michele Bietto (born c. 1925 (age 89--90)) is an Italian professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s playing at representative level for Italy, and at club level for Torino XIII, as a Wing, i.e. number 2 or 5.	Michele Bietto	1925
date of birth	Nidhi Chanani (1975) is an Indian-American illustrator and artist born in Kolkatta, India, and raised in California.	Nidhi Chanani	1975
date of birth	Daragh O'Malley (born 25 May 1954) is an Irish born film, theatre and television actor who has appeared in a large number of TV series, films and films for television.	Daragh O'Malley	25 May 1954
date of birth	Lim Yo-hwan (born 4 September 1980), known by the ID SlayerS--`BoxeR` (usually shortened to BoxeR), is a former professional player of the real-time strategy computer game StarCraft.	Lim Yo-hwan	4 September 1980
date of birth	Giada Galizi (born 20 July 1993) is an Italian freestyle swimmer.	Giada Galizi	20 July 1993
date of birth	Rabbi Leib Tropper (born 1950 in New York City) is founder of the Kol Yaakov Yeshiva and Torah Center in Monsey, New York.	Leib Tropper	1950
date of birth	Tommy Tenney (born 1956) is an American preacher and author, known for his message of ``God Chasing''.	Tommy Tenney	1956
date of birth	Jamie Scott (born 12 February 1984) is a British singer, songwriter and producer.	Jamie Scott	12 February 1984
date of birth	Mojtaba Zarei Shouli ( born 1 March 1984) is an Iranian football Forward who currently plays for Paykan in the Azadegan League.	Mojtaba Zarei	1 March 1984
date of birth	Lieutenant General Deshamanya Joseph Everard Denis Perera, VSV, FCMI, ndc, psc, SLE (10 October 1930 -- 11 August 2013) was a Sri Lankan general, military engineer and a diplomat who served as Commander of the Sri Lankan Army from 1977 to 1981.	Denis Perera	10 October 1930
date of birth	Scott Westcott (born 25 September 1975) is an Australian runner.	Scott Westcott	25 September 1975
date of birth	Yaisel Sierra Pérez (born in 1991) is a Cuban professional baseball pitcher who is a free agent.	Yaisel Sierra	1991
date of birth	Frances Adamson (born 20 April 1961) is an Australian public servant and diplomat.	Frances Adamson	20 April 1961
date of birth	Mustafa Ülgen (born 1945 in İnegöl, Bursa Province) is a Turkish orthodontist.	Mustafa Ülgen	1945
date of birth	Claudio Lippi (born 3 June 1945) is an Italian television presenter, actor and singer.	Claudio Lippi	3 June 1945
date of birth	Yonny Hernández Vega (born 25 July 1988) is a Colombian Grand Prix motorcycle racer.	Yonny Hernández	25 July 1988
date of birth	Christopher G. Moore (born 8 July 1952) is a Canadian writer of twenty-five novels, five works of non-fiction,editor of three anthologies, and author of four radio dramas.	Christopher G. Moore	8 July 1952
date of birth	Richard Clogg (born 1939 at Rochdale) is a British historian.	Richard Clogg	1939
date of birth	Sir Herbert Alker Tripp CBE (23 August 1883 -- 12 December 1954), usually known as Alker Tripp or H. Alker Tripp, was a senior English police official who served as an Assistant Commissioner of the London Metropolitan Police from 1932 to 1947.	Alker Tripp	23 August 1883
date of birth	Kazeem Manzur (born 8 July 1991, in Milton Keynes, England) is a professional British racecar driver, who races for Josef Kaufmann Racing in the Formula BMW Europe series.	Kazeem Manzur	8 July 1991
date of birth	Richard Eng (born 1964) is an English tutor and entrepreneur based in Hong Kong.	Richard Eng	1964
date of birth	He Yiting (Chinese: 何毅亭; born 1952) is a Chinese academic and politician.	He Yiting	1952
date of birth	Antonio Fernandez Saenz (born 1947) is a Spanish-Brazilian lawyer and human rights defender.	Antonio Fernandez Saenz	1947
date of birth	Şihabetdin Märcani (pronounced (ʃihæbetˈdin mærʑæˈni); Cyrillic Tatar: Шиһабетдин Мәрҗани, Arabic Tatar: شہاب الدین مرجانی, also spelled Shihabetdin Marjani; 1818--1889) was a Tatar Muslim theologian and historian.	Şihabetdin Märcani	1818
date of birth	Hanan Melcer (Hebrew: חנן מלצר‎, born April 1951) is an Israeli judge and a current judge in the Supreme Court of Israel.	Hanan Melcer	1951
date of birth	John Robert Mortimer (15 June 1825 -- 19 August 1911) was an English corn-merchant and archaeologist who lived in Driffield, East Riding of Yorkshire.	John Robert Mortimer	15 June 1825
date of birth	Alberto Martins, GCL (born 25 April 1945), is a Portuguese lawyer and politician.	Alberto Martins	25 April 1945
date of birth	Anne Vaughan, Countess of Carbery (née Saville; b. c. 1670) was a daughter of George Savile, 1st Marquess of Halifax and his first wife, Lady Dorothy Spencer.	Anne Vaughan, Countess of Carbery	1670
date of birth	Cedric Foo Chee Keng (Chinese: 符致镜; pinyin: Fú Zhìjìng; born 16 July 1960) is a Singaporean politician and corporate executive.	Cedric Foo	16 July 1960
date of birth	William H. Beaver (born 1940) is an accounting researcher and educator.	William H. Beaver	1940
date of birth	Lars Klevstrand (born 30 September 1949 in Drammen, Buskerud) is a Norwegian singer, guitarist, composer and actor.	Lars Klevstrand	1949
date of birth	Brian Drader (born 1960) is a Canadian stage actor and playwright.	Brian Drader	1960
date of birth	Simeon Japhet Asher (born 14 January 1961) is an English film and television producer, writer and director who has worked in the United States for most of his career.	Japhet Asher	14 January 1961
date of birth	Diane, Duchess of Württemberg (née Princess Diane Françoise Maria da Gloria of Orléans; born 24 March 1940) is a successful artist and sculptor.	Diane, Duchess of Württemberg	24 March 1940
date of birth	Karl Shuker (born 9 December 1959) is a British zoologist, cryptozoologist and author.	Karl Shuker	9 December 1959
date of birth	Ward Darley, Jr., M.D. (1903--1979) was an American educator and physician who served as president of the University of Colorado and dean of its medical school.	Ward Darley	1903
date of birth	Joan Larkin (born in 1939) is an American poet and playwright.	Joan Larkin	1939
date of birth	Alejandro Córdoba Sosa (Berisso, Buenos Aires province, 1971) is an Argentine writer.	Alejandro Córdoba Sosa	1971
date of birth	Eduardo Zorita (born in Madrid, 1961) is a Spanish paleoclimatologist.	Eduardo Zorita	1961
date of birth	Albert Warren Ferris, A.M., M.D. (December 1856-4 October 1937) was an American psychiatrist, born in Brooklyn, New York, and educated at the College of Physicians and Surgeons (Columbia University).	Albert Warren Ferris	1856
date of birth	John Christopher Willis FRS (20 February 1868 -- 21 March 1958) was an English botanist known for his Age and Area hypothesis and criticism of natural selection.	John Christopher Willis	20 February 1868
date of birth	Alexandre Geniez (born 16 April 1988) is a French professional cyclist, who rides for the UCI ProTeam FDJ.	Alexandre Geniez	16 April 1988
date of birth	Yevhen Zubeyko (Ukrainian: Євген Анатолійович Зубейко; born 30 September 1989 in Artemivsk, Donetsk Oblast) is an Ukrainian footballer.	Yevhen Zubeyko	30 September 1989
date of birth	Janet Lawless née Wienand (born 15 May 1985) is a South African athlete competing in the heptathlon and 400 metres hurdles.	Janet Lawless	15 May 1985
date of birth	Scott Gammer (born 24 October 1976) is a British boxer, based in Wales.	Scott Gammer	24 October 1976
date of birth	Massimiliano Gatto (born 28 October 1995) is an Italian footballer who currently plays for Italian side Pro Vercelli as a striker on loan from Chievo Verona.	Massimiliano Gatto	28 October 1995
date of birth	Martin Lisemore (1939 -- 3 February 1977) was a British television producer.	Martin Lisemore	1939
date of birth	Robin Mason (born 1958) is a British painter born in Porthcawl, South Wales.	Robin Mason	1958
date of birth	Prenelan Subrayen (born 23 September 1993, Tongaat) is a South African cricketer who has made 11 first-class appearances since his debut in November 2011.	Prenelan Subrayen	23 September 1993
date of birth	Victoria Atkin (born 28 December 1986) is an English actress best known for playing the character Jason Costello, previously known as Jasmine, in the British soap opera Hollyoaks and Hollyoaks Later as the soap's first character with Gender Identity Disorder.	Victoria Atkin	28 December 1986
date of birth	Karl, Prince of Isenburg-Büdingen (full name: Karl Viktor Amadeus Wolfgang Kasimir Adolf Bodo) (29 July 1838 -- 2 April 1899) was head of the mediatised German house of Isenburg and Büdingen.	Karl, Prince of Isenburg-Büdingen	29 July 1838
date of birth	Theo Hermans (born 1948, Assent, Belgium) is a scholar best known for his work in Translation Studies.	Theo Hermans	1948
date of birth	Mathias Schlie (born 31 January 1988) is a Danish footballer, who last played for Danish Superliga side Hobro IK.	Mathias Schlie	31 January 1988
date of birth	Alfio Vandi (born 7 December 1955) is an Italian former professional racing cyclist of the 1970s and 1980s.	Alfio Vandi	7 December 1955
date of birth	Henry Robinson Hall (1859--1927) was a Victorian and Edwardian landscape painter in oils and watercolours noted for his Highland cattle.	Henry Robinson Hall	1859
date of birth	Veysel Sarı (born 25 July 1988) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a right back for Turkish club Kasımpaşa in Süper Lig.	Veysel Sarı	25 July 1988
date of birth	Elijah Round (born January 1882) was an English footballer.	Elijah Round	1882
date of birth	Kingsley Sit Ho-yin (born 1949, Hong Kong) was the member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong.	Kingsley Sit	1949
date of birth	Kris Kolluri (born c. 1969) serves as head of the New Jersey Schools Development Authority, having taken office as of December 1, 2008, where he succeeded Scott Weiner.	Kris Kolluri	1969
date of birth	Amy Jenkins (born 1966, in London) is an English novelist and screenwriter.	Amy Jenkins	1966
date of birth	Aliko Dangote GCON (born 10 April 1957) is a Nigerian billionaire, who owns the Dangote Group, which has interests in commodities.	Aliko Dangote	10 April 1957
date of birth	Fallon Sherrock, born on (1 July 1994), is an English darts player currently ranked World No3 by the WDF who made her debut at the BDO World Championships 2014.	Fallon Sherrock	1 July 1994
date of birth	Duncan Gibbins (13 October 1952 -- 3 November 1993) was a British film and music video director, as well as a screenwriter.	Duncan Gibbins	13 October 1952
date of birth	Giorgi Chitaia was born in the western part of Georgia in 1890.	Giorgi Chitaia	1890
date of birth	Zdeněk Vítek (Czech pronunciation: (ˈzdɛɲɛɡ ˈviːtɛk)) (born 25 July 1977) is a Czech former biathlete.	Zdeněk Vítek	25 July 1977
date of birth	Martin Gibbons (born 1 March 1953) is an Irish farmer and former Progressive Democrats TD who represented Carlow--	Martin Gibbons	1 March 1953
date of birth	Floyd Kuptana (born 1964) is an Inuit artist in Canada whose work is primarily stone carvings as well as paintings and collage.	Floyd Kuptana	1964
date of birth	Sylvie Hülsemann (born 1944) is a retired Luxembourgian water skier.	Sylvie Hülsemann	1944
date of birth	Arnthor Birgisson (born 12 February 1976 in Reykjavík, Iceland), is an Icelandic/Swedish songwriter and producer.	Arnthor Birgisson	12 February 1976
date of birth	Barry Farrell (1935 -- December 10, 1984) was an American journalist and editor who wrote for magazines.	Barry Farrell	1935
date of birth	Mary Roos (born Rosemarie Schwab on 9 January 1949) is a German singer and actress.	Mary Roos	9 January 1949
date of birth	Charalambos-Elini Dimoutsos (Greek: Χαράλαμπος-Ελίνι Δημούτσος; born 18 June 1988) is a Greek footballer who plays for Asteras Tripoli and the Greek national team.	Elini Dimoutsos	18 June 1988
date of birth	Damien Nygaard (born 24 May 1945) is a former Australian sportsman.	Damien Nygaard	24 May 1945
date of birth	Julia Gwynne (1856 -- 10 June 1934) was an English opera singer and actress best remembered for her performances with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company from 1879 to 1883.	Julia Gwynne	1856
date of birth	Keith Stewartson (20 September 1925 -- 7 May 1983) was an English mathematician and fellow of the Royal Society.	Keith Stewartson	20 September 1925
date of birth	William Fordyce Mavor (1 August 1758 -- 29 December 1837) was a Scottish teacher, priest and compiler of educational books, many of which passed through numerous editions.	William Fordyce Mavor	1 August 1758
date of birth	Oliver Wilde (born 21 October 1988 in Swindon, Wiltshire), is an English musician, poet and producer now based in Bristol, England.	Oliver Wilde	21 October 1988
date of birth	Abdul Latif Dayfallah (Arabic: عبد اللطيف ضيف الله‎) (born 1930) was the Prime Minister of the Yemen Arab Republic for 26 April to 5 October 1963, under President Abdullah as-Sallal.	Abdul Latif Dayfallah	1930
date of birth	Cristina Spinei (born 1984) is an American composer.	Cristina Spinei	1984
date of birth	Gerhard Boldt (24 January 1918 -- 10 May 1981) was an officer in the German Army (Heer) who wrote about his experiences during World War II.	Gerhard Boldt	24 January 1918
date of birth	Elliot Evans (born 19 December 1995) is an English teen pop singer who reached the semi-finals of the third series of ITV variety show Britain's Got Talent, singing with his parents Estelle and Giles and young sisters Georgia and Olivia as family singing group Good Evans.	Elliot Evans	19 December 1995
date of birth	Jim Ouliaris (born 22 July 1966) was an Australian assistant referee.	Jim Ouliaris	22 July 1966
date of birth	Elsa Viveca Torstensdotter Lindfors (29 December 1920 -- 25 October 1995), better known under her professional name of Viveca Lindfors, was a Swedish stage and film actress.	Viveca Lindfors	29 December 1920
date of birth	Gregory Doran (born 24 November 1958) is a British director known for his Shakespearean work.	Gregory Doran	1958
date of birth	Kostas Papoutsis (Greek: Κώστας Παπουτσής; born 31 March 1979) is a Greek footballer who plays for Mandraikos in the Delta Ethniki.	Kostas Papoutsis	31 March 1979
date of birth	Frederic Whitcombe (born 15 October 1858, date of death unknown) was a Member of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 1898 to 1900.	Frederic Whitcombe	15 October 1858
date of birth	Chris Berrow (born 5 December 1989 in Morden, Surrey) is a presenter currently working for BBC Radio Lincolnshire, BBC Radio Cambridgeshire, and BBC Northampton.	Chris Berrow	5 December 1989
date of birth	Gareth Mitchelson (born 7 April 1967 in Dundee) is a Scottish dancer.	Gareth Mitchelson	7 April 1967
date of birth	Nils Stensson Sture (1512 -- before 1527 or in 1528) may have been Daljunkern, a revolt-leader in Sweden.	Nils Stensson Sture	1512
date of birth	Mohamed Dia (born 5 August 1973 in the Sarcelles) is a Franco-Malian designer of sport clothing (sporstwear and streetwear), founder of the M.Dia brand.	Mohamed Dia	5 August 1973
date of birth	Zachariah Gillam (also spelled Zachary Guillam) (1636--1682) was one of a family of New England sea captains involved in the early days of the Hudson's Bay Company.	Zachariah Gillam	1636
date of birth	Rodrigo Eduardo da Silva, known as Rodrigo Sam (born 24 July 1995) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as centre back for Tigres do Brasil on loan from Corinthians.	Rodrigo Sam	24 July 1995
date of birth	Harold Rubin (born 13 May 1932) is a South African-born Israeli visual artist and free jazz clarinettist.	Harold Rubin	13 May 1932
date of birth	Christian Friedrich Witt, or Witte (c. 1660 -- 3 April 1717) was a German composer, music editor and teacher.	Christian Friedrich Witt	1660
date of birth	Cliff Wright (born 1963) is an artist, book illustrator and advertising artist.	Cliff Wright	1963
date of birth	Born in Arona in 1953, Riccardo Sinigaglia is an architect as well as musician.	Riccardo Sinigaglia	1953
date of birth	Laddie Cliff (1891--1937) was a British writer and actor of the comedy stage noted for his association with Stanley Lupino.	Laddie Cliff	1891
date of birth	Alistair Sinclair (born 1960) is a British computer scientist and computational theorist.	Alistair Sinclair	1960
date of birth	Ali Al-Khawajah (Arabic: علي الخواجة‎; born 3 February 1957) is a Kuwaiti fencer.	Ali Al-Khawajah	3 February 1957
date of birth	Leroy Calliste (born 24 September 1941), better known as Black Stalin, is a leading calypsonian from Trinidad and Tobago known for his militant Rastafarian and black nationalist lyrics.	Black Stalin	24 September 1941
date of birth	Svetlana Gnezdilov (born 20 July 1969) is a retired Israeli athlete who specialized in the 100 metres hurdles and the heptathlon.	Svetlana Gnezdilov	20 July 1969
date of birth	Babacar Niang (born 9 September 1958) is a retired Senegalese-French middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres.	Babacar Niang	9 September 1958
date of birth	Mary Ellen Bagnall-Oakeley (1833--1904) was an English antiquarian, author, and painter known for her work in Bristol and south-east Wales.	Mary Ellen Bagnall-Oakeley	1833
date of birth	Erica James (née Sullivan; born 1960) is a British writer of several romance novels.	Erica James	1960
date of birth	Yoon Deok-yeo (Korean: 윤덕여; born 25 March 1961) is a South Korean soccer coach and former soccer player.	Yoon Deok-yeo	25 March 1961
date of birth	Anthony Kitchin (22 July 1471 -- 31 October 1563), also known as Anthony Dunstone, was a mid-16th-century Abbot of Eynsham Abbey and Bishop of Llandaff in both the Roman Catholic Church and the Church of England.	Anthony Kitchin	22 July 1471
date of birth	Anne Fitzalan-Howard, Duchess of Norfolk, CBE (30 August 1927 -- 8 April 2013) was a British peeress and humanitarian.	Anne Fitzalan-Howard, Duchess of Norfolk	30 August 1927
date of birth	Yuhanon Mor Philoxenos (born John Jacob Elappanal; 5 December 1941 -- 30 December 2015) was a Syriac Orthodox bishop.	Yuhanon Mor Philoxenos	5 December 1941
date of birth	Denis O'Conor, O'Conor Don (Irish: Donnchadh Ó Conchubhair Donn; 1794 -- 1847) of Clonalis, County Roscommon, was an Irish nobleman, and Member of Parliament (MP) in the British House of Commons.	Denis O'Conor	1794
date of birth	Hussein Adan Isack (born 1957) is a naturalist and ethnobiologist living in Kenya, having been a research scientist in ornithology.	Hussein Adan Isack	1957
date of birth	András Vonza (born 28 July 1955) is a Hungarian vet and politician, who served as Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development between 2001 and 2002.	András Vonza	28 July 1955
date of birth	Stephen Butterworth (1885--1958) was a British physicist who invented the Butterworth filter, a class of electrical circuits that are used to separate different frequencies of electrical signals.	Stephen Butterworth	1885
date of birth	Yaakov Israel Ifargan (יעקב ישראל איפרגן, born 1966), also known as the X-ray (Hebrew: ha-Rentgen), is an Israeli Kabbalist rabbi and spiritual adviser who operates in Netivot, a town in southern Israel.	Yaakov Israel Ifargan	1966
date of birth	Don Whillans (18 May 1933 -- 4 August 1985) was an English rock climber and mountaineer.	Don Whillans	18 May 1933
date of birth	Takehisa Yaegashi (born 1943) is a retired engineer for Toyota Motor Corporation.	Takehisa Yaegashi	1943
date of birth	Rosemary Squire OBE (born 27 May 1956) is a prolific and broad-based commercial theatre producer.	Rosemary Squire	27 May 1956
date of birth	Elizabeth Kenny (20 September 1880 -- 30 November 1952) was an unaccredited Australian nurse who promoted a controversial new approach to the treatment of poliomyelitis.	Elizabeth Kenny	20 September 1880
date of birth	Imre Salusinszky (born 1955) is an Australian journalist and English literature academic with a strong literary interest in the Canadian literary critic Northrop Frye and discount Australian clothes brand Lowes.	Imre Salusinszky	1955
date of birth	Brenda Jean Patrick (born 1955) is a Texas-based educational consultant primarily known for her position within the educational community that students and parents are customers that the educational system must serve.	Brenda Jean Patrick	1955
date of birth	Lucky Ali (born 19 September 1958), born Maqsood Mahmood Ali, is an Indian singer songwriter, composer and actor.	Lucky Ali	19 September 1958
date of birth	Sarukkai Jagannathan (b 18 May 1914 - d 1996) was the tenth Governor of the Reserve Bank of India from 16 June 1970 to 19 May 1975.	Sarukkai Jagannathan	18 May 1914
date of birth	Chris D. Thomas (Christian David Thomas) was born on 9 September 1959.	Chris D. Thomas	9 September 1959
date of birth	Sébastien Tellier (French: (tɛlje); born 22 February 1975) is a French singer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist.	Sébastien Tellier	22 February 1975
date of birth	Pamela Abbott (born 27 June 1947), FAcSS is an academic in sociology, gender and development studies.	Pamela Abbott	27 June 1947
date of birth	Scott Neri (born 1972 in Guadalajara, Jalisco) is a Mexican painter, illustrator, graphic designer and short fiction writer.	Scott Neri	1972
date of birth	Davis Mac-Iyalla (born 1972 in Port Harcourt) is a Nigerian LGBT rights activist.	Davis Mac-Iyalla	1972
date of birth	Darko Bratina (30 March 1942 -- 23 September 1997) was an Italian sociologist, film theorist and politician of Slovene ethnicity.	Darko Bratina	30 March 1942
date of birth	Ángela Loij (died 28 May 1974) was the last surviving full-blooded Ona native woman of Tierra del Fuego.	Ángela Loij	28 May 1974
date of birth	David Boothby (born 1944) was last Chief of Police of the Metro Toronto Police 1995-1997, and first Chief of the Toronto Police Service, from 1998 to 2000.	David Boothby	1944
date of birth	Billy Halliday (born 14 November 1906 in Dumfries) was a Scottish professional footballer.	Billy Halliday	14 November 1906
date of birth	Matheson Bayley (born 15 December 1978) is a British pianist, composer, orchestrator, singer and television host.	Matheson Bayley	15 December 1978
date of birth	Bruce Yonemoto (born 1949) is a Japanese-American multimedia artist.	Bruce Yonemoto	1949
date of birth	Ami Assaf (Hebrew: עמי אסף‎, born Ami Vilkomitz; 22 July 1903 -- 17 May 1963) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapai from 1949 until 1961.	Ami Assaf	22 July 1903
date of birth	Iveta Putalová (born 24 March 1988 in Czechoslovakia) is a Slovak track and field sprinter who specialises in the 400 metres.	Iveta Putalová	24 March 1988
date of birth	Paulo Baptista Nsimba (born 12 August 1983), nicknamed Zé Kalanga, is an Angolan football winger who plays for Onze Bravos.	Zé Kalanga	12 August 1983
date of birth	In 1975 Boag joined Williams and formed the partnership Peter Williams and Gary Boag which later became known as Williams Boag.	Williams Boag	1975
date of birth	Mikhail Baron (Russian: Михаи́л Дави́дович Ба́рон; b. 1894) was an anarchist and socialist revolutionary, brother of Aron Baron.	Mikhail Baron	1894
date of birth	Terence Faherty (born 1954) is an American author of mystery novels.	Terence Faherty	1954
date of birth	Giovanni Gasbarrini (Padua, 30 August 1936) is an Italian physician whose ground-breaking work in the field of internal medicine, hepatology and gastroenterology earned him the 2013 lifetime achievement award of the United Europe Gastroenterology (UEG) association.	Giovanni Gasbarrini	30 August 1936
date of birth	Per-Arne Berglund (20 January 1927 -- 6 January 2002) was a Swedish javelin thrower who won a silver medal at the 1950 European Athletics Championships.	Per-Arne Berglund	20 January 1927
date of birth	Prof. Kighoma Malima was born in Marui village Kisarawe District on 15 December, 1938.	Kighoma Malima	15 December, 1938
date of birth	Hrystyna Stuy (Ukrainian: Христина Стуй; born 3 February 1988 in Uhryniv) is a Ukrainian sprint athlete who specializes in the 100 metres.	Hrystyna Stuy	3 February 1988
date of birth	Ramūnas Radavičius (born 20 January 1981) is a Lithuanian international footballer, as a midfielder.	Ramūnas Radavičius	20 January 1981
date of birth	Otto Barch (born 20 December 1943) is a retired race walker who represented the USSR and later Kyrgyzstan.	Otto Barch	20 December 1943
date of birth	Sadakat Kadri (born 1964 in London) is a lawyer, author, travel writer and journalist.	Sadakat Kadri	1964
date of birth	Charles E. Dow (1846--Nov. 19, 1914) was a Republican mayor of South Norwalk, Connecticut from 1903 to 1907.	Charles E. Dow	1846
date of birth	Joseph Francis Thrupp (1827--1867) was an English churchman and academic, known as a writer on the Psalms.	Joseph Francis Thrupp	1827
date of birth	Murcyleen Peerzada (born 1991) is an Islamic speaker from Mumbai, India.	Murcyleen Peerzada	1991
date of birth	Glenda Collins (born 16 December 1943) was a British pop music singer active in the 1960s.	Glenda Collins	16 December 1943
date of birth	Martin Kühner (born 15 October 1980 in Speyer) is a German competitive rower.	Martin Kühner	15 October 1980
date of birth	Edward Headlam Greenhow FRS, FRCP (1814 -- 22 April 1888) was an English physician, epidemiologist, sanitarian, statistician, clinician and lecturer.	Edward Headlam Greenhow	1814
date of birth	William Perry Herring McFaddin (1856-1935), known as Perry, was a rancher and early landowner in the early years of Beaumont, Texas.	William Perry Herring McFaddin	1856
date of birth	John Sebastian Östling (born 2 June 1984 in Onsala, Kungsbacka) is a Swedish sailor, who specialized in two-person dinghy (470) class.	Sebastian Östling	2 June 1984
date of birth	Mark Tredinnick (born 1962) is a celebrated Australian poet, essayist and teacher.	Mark Tredinnick	1962
date of birth	Isobelle Molloy (born 6 October 2000) is an English child actress, best known for her portrayal of Amanda and later, Matilda Wormwood in the West End version of Matilda the Musical.	Isobelle Molloy	6 October 2000
date of birth	Steve Alcorn (born 1956) is an American entrepreneur, engineer, inventor, author and teacher best known for his involvement in the theme park industry.	Steve Alcorn	1956
date of birth	Cliff Ellen (born 22 March 1936 in Melbourne) is an Australian actor who played a prominent guest role on soap opera Neighbours as Charlie Cassidy.	Cliff Ellen	22 March 1936
date of birth	Tadeusz Swietochowski (Polish: Tadeusz Świętochowski, born 1934) is a Polish historian and Caucasologist.	Tadeusz Swietochowski	1934
date of birth	Edward Ponsonby, 8th Earl of Bessborough KP CB CVO (1 March 1851 -- 1 December 1920) was a British peer.	Edward Ponsonby, 8th Earl of Bessborough	1 March 1851
date of birth	Luigi Contratto (1892--1984) was an Italian soldier who, during the World War I, received the honour of Knight of Vittorio Veneto from King Victor Emmanuel III of Italy in person.	Luigi Contratto	1892
date of birth	Manuel Maria Sarmento Rodrigues (1899 - 1979) was a naval officer, colonist and professor.	Sarmento Rodrigues	1899
date of birth	Shanta Gandhi (20 December 1917 -- 6 May 2002) was an Indian theatre director, dancer and playwright.	Shanta Gandhi	20 December 1917
date of birth	Eve Graham (born Evelyn May Beatson; 19 April 1943) is a Scottish singer who found fame in the early 1970s with the pop group, The New Seekers.	Eve Graham	19 April 1943
date of birth	Mike McGowan (born 15 July 1947) was a Scottish footballer who played for Celtic, Dumbarton and Hamilton.	Mike McGowan	15 July 1947
date of birth	Irwin Lachman (born 1930) is a co-inventor of the catalytic converter.	Irwin Lachman	1930
date of birth	Sir John Yonge, 1st Baronet (2 October 1603 -- 26 August 1663) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1642 and 1660.	Sir John Yonge, 1st Baronet	2 October 1603
date of birth	Timothy Hutchings (born 1974) is an American visual artist living and working in New York City.	Timothy Hutchings	1974
date of birth	Eimbert Timmermans (born 24 October 1961) is a retired Dutch sidecarcross rider and double World Champion.	Eimbert Timmermans	24 October 1961
date of birth	Eric Goode (born 1957) is an American conservationist, naturalist, and entrepreneur.	Eric Goode	1957
date of birth	Ali Jaber (born 1961) is a Lebanese journalist, media consultant, TV personality and the Group TV Director of MBC, the Arab world's largest satellite broadcaster.	Ali Jaber	1961
date of birth	Yogbir Singh Kansakar (Devanagari: योगवीरसिं कंसकार) (alternative name: Jogbir Singh Kansakar) (16 April 1885 - 29 March 1942) was a Nepalese poet, social reformer and one of the Four Pillars of Nepal Bhasa.	Yogbir Singh Kansakar	16 April 1885
date of birth	Seppo Vilderson (born 7 February 1963) is a retired Estonian professional football (soccer) player.	Seppo Vilderson	7 February 1963
date of birth	Nagendra Karri (born 28 November 1982) is a Hollywood film director, Screenwriter and Producer.	Nagendra Karri	28 November 1982
date of birth	William Burdon (1764--1818) was an English academic, mineowner and writer.	William Burdon	1764
date of birth	Robert Arnott Wilson (born 1958) is a mathematician in London, England, who is best known for his work on classifying the maximal subgroups of finite simple groups and for the work in the Monster group.	Robert Arnott Wilson	1958
date of birth	Poon Chi-fai, JP (born 6 December 1951, Hong Kong) was the member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong and Kwun Tong District Board.	Poon Chi-fai	6 December 1951
date of birth	Nadong Bhutia (born 25 November 1993) is an Indian footballer who plays as a Striker or Winger for Atletico de Kolkata in the Indian Super League.	Nadong Bhutia	25 November 1993
date of birth	Brian Glubok (born 1959) is a professional American bridge player.	Brian Glubok	1959
date of birth	Rolf Solem (8 November 1917 -- 13 February 2011) was a Norwegian jurist, urban district court judge and police chief.	Rolf Solem	1917
date of birth	Agostino Nifo (or Augustini Niphi or Niphas; Latinized as Agustinus Niphus or Augustinus Niphus; c. 1473--1538 or 1545) was an Italian philosopher and commentator.	Agostino Nifo	1473
date of birth	Atarah Ben-Tovim, MBE (born 1940) is a British flautist and children's concert presenter.	Atarah Ben-Tovim	1940
date of birth	Nicole Allmann (born 14 February 1975) is an Austrian actress, comedienne, model and writer.	Nicole Allmann	14 February 1975
date of birth	Juan Quero Barraso (born 17 October 1984) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Maltese club Birkirkara F.C. as a winger.	Juan Quero	17 October 1984
date of birth	Mike Dringenberg (born c. 1965) is a German/American comic book artist best known for his work on DC Comics/Vertigo's Sandman series with writer Neil Gaiman.	Mike Dringenberg	1965
date of birth	Tommy Høiland (born 11 April 1989) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a striker who currently plays for Molde.	Tommy Høiland	11 April 1989
date of birth	James B. Gibson (born 1949) was the three-term mayor of Henderson, Nevada from 1997 to 2009.	James B. Gibson	1949
date of birth	Povilas Vasiliauskas (born 29 January 1953) is a Lithuanian politician, the president of Klaipeda Association of Industrialists, former mayor of Klaipėda.	Povilas Vasiliauskas	29 January 1953
date of birth	Jake Ogden (born 2 September 1975, Northampton) is a professional martial artist, actor, author and former professional rugby union and rugby league player.	Jake Ogden	2 September 1975
date of birth	Krystine Kryttre (born 1958) is an American alternative comics artist, writer and performer from San Francisco.	Krystine Kryttre	1958
date of birth	Luciana Angiolillo (born 22 December 1925) is an Italian former actress and model.	Luciana Angiolillo	22 December 1925
date of birth	Marcos Rodríguez Pantoja (born in Añora on 7 June 1946) is a noted feral child.	Marcos Rodríguez Pantoja	7 June 1946
date of birth	Hunegnaw Mesfin (born 31 January 1989 in Gojjam, Amhara Region) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who competes in cross country and track running events.	Hunegnaw Mesfin	31 January 1989
date of birth	Mariya Ovechkina (born 1991) is a beauty contest contestant who won the title of Miss Irkutsk in 2009 and participated in the Miss Russia 2010 contest.	Mariya Ovechkina	1991
date of birth	Amber Rose Kandarian (Ամբեր Ռոուզ Կանդարյան; born 1982) is an Armenian-American filmmaker, founder of Impact International Pictures.	Amber Rose Kandarian	1982
date of birth	Theo Randall (born 1967) is a British-born professional chef who specialises in Italian cuisine.	Theo Randall	1967
date of birth	Philip Wharton, 3rd Baron Wharton (1555--1625) was an English peer of the Wharton barony.	Philip Wharton, 3rd Baron Wharton	1555
date of birth	Facino Cane da Casale (1360 -- May 1412), born Bonifacio Cane, was an Italian condottiero.	Facino Cane	1360
date of birth	Xi Xi (Chinese: 西西; pinyin: Xī Xī, born 1938) is the pseudonym of the Chinese author and poet Zhang Yan (Chinese: 張彥; pinyin: Zhāng Yàn).	Xi Xi	1938
date of birth	Godwin Attram (born 7 August 1980) is a Ghanaian footballer player who last played for Dhofar S.C.S.C. in the Omantel Professional League.	Godwin Attram	7 August 1980
date of birth	Nenad Savić (Serbian Cyrillic: Ненад Савић; born 28 January 1981 in SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian-born Swiss footballer.	Nenad Savić	28 January 1981
date of birth	Björn Tom Fredrik Nordström, born on 5 January 1967, is a Swedish musician and record producer.	Fredrik Nordström	5 January 1967
date of birth	Giuseppe Franchi (1731 -- 1806) was an Italian Neoclassical sculptor.	Giuseppe Franchi	1731
date of birth	Sten Gunnar Bergh (20 March 1909 -- 25 January 1986) was a Swedish athlete who specialized in the shot put and discus throw.	Gunnar Bergh	20 March 1909
date of birth	Charlton Vicento (born 19 January 1991) is a Curaçaoan footballer who plays as a winger for Eerste Divisie side Helmond Sport and the Curaçao national team.	Charlton Vicento	19 January 1991
date of birth	Einar Busterud (born 18 September 1953) is a Norwegian politician who since 2015 has been mayor of Hamar.	Einar Busterud	18 September 1953
date of birth	Miroslav Nemec (born 26 September 1971) is a Slovak former football player and currently an assistant of the ``A'' Team Head Coach and Head Coach reserve Team of MŠK Žilina.	Miroslav Nemec	1971
date of birth	Leigh McMillan (born 24 October 1980) is a British sailor who competed in the 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics.	Leigh McMillan	24 October 1980
date of birth	Qamar Zaman Kaira (Urdu: قمر زمان کائرہ‎; 5 January 1960) was the minister of information and mass-media broadcasting in the Government of Pakistan, formerly led by Yousaf Raza Gillani.	Qamar Zaman Kaira	5 January 1960
date of birth	Vojislav Jakic (born 1932 in Macedonia and died 2003 in Serbia) was a Serbian artist known for producing large, minutely detailed tapestries depicting nightmarish visions of death, insects, and human insides.	Vojislav Jakic	1932
date of birth	Dávid Tóth (born 21 February 1985) is a Hungarian canoer.	Dávid Tóth	21 February 1985
date of birth	Adel Al-Hussain (Arabic: عادل الحسين) is a Saudi writer born on 24 August 1963.	Adel Al-Hussain	24 August 1963
date of birth	Kamoya Kimeu, (born c. 1940) is one of the world's most successful fossil collectors who, together with paleontologists Meave Leakey and Richard Leakey, is responsible for some of the most significant paleoanthropological discoveries.	Kamoya Kimeu	1940
date of birth	Professor Wendy Savage (born 12 April 1935 in Surrey) is a British gynaecologist, and advocate and campaigner of women's rights in childbirth and fertility.	Wendy Savage	12 April 1935
date of birth	Dirk Bellemakers (born 19 January 1984) is a Dutch former professional road bicycle racer, who competed as a professional between 2008 and 2013.	Dirk Bellemakers	19 January 1984
date of birth	Paulão (literally Elder Paulo) real name Paulo Frederico Benevenute, also known as Paulão Desmaio (born 26 December 1973) is a Brazilian footballer.	Paulo Frederico Benevenute	26 December 1973
date of birth	Alexander Tennant, born in Ochiltree, Ayrshire in 1772, was a leading British colonist in the Cape Colony of the Cape of Good Hope, an enterprising merchant, a brother to industrialist Charles Tennant and a friend of Robbie Burns.	Alexander Tennant	1772
date of birth	Allan Salisbury (born 1949), known professionally as Sols, is an Australian cartoonist, best known for his newspaper comic Snake Tales.	Sols	1949
date of birth	Masahide Kanzaki (born in Suzuka, Mie, Japan in 1960) is a Semantic Web advocate, university lecturer and author of some web related books.	Masahide Kanzaki	1960
date of birth	Andrea Mengoni (born 16 September 1983) is an Italian footballer who plays for Ascoli in Serie B. Mengoni had played for Italian lower divisions in his entire career.	Andrea Mengoni	16 September 1983
date of birth	Alice Gibson (born 3 September 1923) is a former Chief Librarian from Belize, who has been active in development of the country's library system.	Alice Gibson	1923
date of birth	Adrian Vlas (born 12 January 1982 in Constanţa) is a Romanian football player currently unemployed.	Adrian Vlas	12 January 1982
date of birth	Elim Chew (born 1965) is the founder of the street wear brand, 77th Street.	Elim Chew	1965
date of birth	Colin Meredith (born 24 January 1953) is a British former motorcycle speedway rider who later became a team manager and track curator.	Colin Meredith	24 January 1953
date of birth	Cecil Jackson-Cole (Albert Cecil Cole; 1 November 1901 -- 9 August 1979) was an English entrepreneur and humanitarian.	Cecil Jackson-Cole	1 November 1901
date of birth	Hafed Al Droubi (born 30 March 1995) is an English footballer who plays as a Goalkeeper for Manchester 62 in the Gibraltar Premier Division.	Hafed Al Droubi	30 March 1995
date of birth	Marina Aitova, née Korzhova (born 13 September 1982) is a Kazakhstani high jumper.	Marina Aitova	13 September 1982
date of birth	Dener Gomes Clemente, nicknamed Dener, (born 13 March 1992) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Portimonense, as an attacking midfielder.	Dener Gomes Clemente	13 March 1992
date of birth	Maria Krasiltseva (born 16 November 1981) is a former pair skater who competed with Alexander Chestnikh and Artem Znachkov for Armenia.	Maria Krasiltseva	16 November 1981
date of birth	James M. Jenness (born 1946) is the chairman of the board and former CEO of the Kellogg Company, succeeding Carlos Gutierrez after President George W. Bush nominated Gutierrez to become Secretary of Commerce on November 29, 2004.	James M. Jenness	1946
date of birth	Willem van der Hoeven (born 11 May 1944 in Breda) is a Dutch former manager, former CEO and former chairman of Dutch Eredivisie club NAC Breda.	Willem van der Hoeven	11 May 1944
date of birth	Sir Rupert Magarey FRCS (21 February 1914 -- 1990) was an Australian medical practitioner and surgeon.	Rupert Magarey	1914
date of birth	Carlo Armellini (1777--1863) was an Italian politician, activist and jurist.	Carlo Armellini	1777
date of birth	Leonard John Rose (1827 - May 17, 1899) was a California pioneer and politician who served in the California State Senate.	Leonard John Rose	1827
date of birth	Roy McEachen (7 June 1913 -- 22 December 1937) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Roy McEachen	7 June 1913
date of birth	Martin Fowler (born 1963) is a British software engineer, author and international public speaker on software development, specializing in object-oriented analysis and design, UML, patterns, and agile software development methodologies, including extreme programming.	Martin Fowler	1963
date of birth	Mahan Esfahani (Persian: ماهان اصفهانی ) (born 1984 in Tehran) is an Iranian-American harpsichordist.	Mahan Esfahani	1984
date of birth	Tukul Arwana (born 16 October 1963) is an Indonesian comedian who hosts the Bukan Empat Mata chatshow on Trans 7 and the New Famili 100 quiz show on Indosiar.	Tukul Arwana	16 October 1963
date of birth	Fernando Niembro (born 7 December 1947 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine sports journalist and announcer.	Fernando Niembro	7 December 1947
date of birth	Jan-Paul Brekke (born 19 March 1966) is a Norwegian sociologist and comedian.	Jan-Paul Brekke	19 March 1966
date of birth	Deyan Hristov (Bulgarian: Деян Христов; born 28 February 1983) is a Bulgarian football player, who last played as a striker for Vereya.	Deyan Hristov	28 February 1983
date of birth	Bruno Bräuer (4 February 1893 -- 20 May 1947) was a German paratrooper from Willmannsdorf, Prussian Silesia.	Bruno Bräuer	4 February 1893
date of birth	Dixon Hearne (born 1948) is an American educator and writer of fiction, nonfiction, and poetry.	Dixon Hearne	1948
date of birth	Uguccione della Faggiuola (c. 1250 -- 1 November 1319) was an Italian condottiero, and chief magistrate of Pisa, Lucca and Forlì (from 1297).	Uguccione della Faggiuola	1250
date of birth	Nathan Abbott (1854 -- January 4, 1941) was an American lawyer and law teacher of distinction.	Nathan Abbott	1854
date of birth	Marie Guilleray (born August 1978) is a vocal performer, improviser and composer currently based in The Hague, Netherlands.	Marie Guilleray	1978
date of birth	David Beal (born 17 July 1966) played first-class and List A cricket for Somerset in the 1991 season.	David Beal	17 July 1966
date of birth	John Harmon Charles Bonté (1831--1896) was a lawyer, Episcopal priest, and Secretary of the Board of Regents of the University of California from 1881-1896.	John Harmon Charles Bonté	1831
date of birth	Giuseppe Milone (born 27 December 1949) is a retired sailor from Italy.	Giuseppe Milone	27 December 1949
date of birth	Miklós Villányi (born 1931) is a former Hungarian politician, who served as Minister of Finance between 1987 and 1989.	Miklós Villányi	1931
date of birth	Chic Henry, born Anthony Robert Henry (15 December 1946), is a car enthusiast and the founder of the Summernats motor festival in Canberra.	Chic Henry	15 December 1946
date of birth	Mary Macmaster (born 22 November 1955, Glasgow, Scotland) is a Scottish harpist, performing with The Poozies and the duo Sileas.	Mary Macmaster	22 November 1955
date of birth	David Petel (Hebrew: דוד פתל‎, born 6 September 1921) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapai and its successors from 1959 until 1969.	David Petel	6 September 1921
date of birth	Preston Campbell, (born 7 June 1977 in Inverell, New South Wales) is an Indigenous Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played for the Gold Coast Titans of the National Rugby League.	Preston Campbell	7 June 1977
date of birth	Otto Ziege (14 June 1926 -- 8 November 2014) was a former German racing cyclist.	Otto Ziege	14 June 1926
date of birth	Ali Fallahian, (Persian: علی فلاحیان‎‎ pronunciation , born 1945) is an Iranian politician and cleric.	Ali Fallahian	1945
date of birth	Jim Pocklington (born 18 September 1963 in Romford) is a British racing driver who formerly (2007) drove a BMW 320I in the British Touring Car Championship, which is Britain's most popular national motor racing series.	Jim Pocklington	18 September 1963
date of birth	Hugh Christian Watkins FRCP (born 7 June 1959) is a British cardiologist.	Hugh Christian Watkins	7 June 1959
date of birth	Christodoulos Neophytou (Greek: Χριστόδουλος Νεοφύτου, born 29 May 1950) is a Cypriot economist who was born in Famagusta and now lives in London UK.	Christodoulos Neophytou	29 May 1950
date of birth	Born in England in 1933, Michael Randle spent the years of the Second World War with relatives in Ireland.	Michael Randle	1933
date of birth	Theophilus of Edessa (695--785 CE), also known as Theophilus ibn Tuma and Thawafil, was a Greek medieval astrologer and scholar in Mesopotamia.	Theophilus of Edessa	695
date of birth	Pandit Samta Prasad (20 July 1921 -- 1994) was an Indian classical musician and tabla player from the Benares gharana.	Samta Prasad	20 July 1921
date of birth	Katie Glass (born in 1943) is a retired professional wrestler, better known by her ring name ``Diamond Lil''.	Katie Glass	1943
date of birth	Gathania Holmgren, known professionally as Gathania (born 1 August 1986, Stockholm), is a Swedish pop singer who competed on Idol 2007, the fourth season of Swedish Idol.	Gathania Holmgren	1 August 1986
date of birth	Mahanth Yogi Adityanath (born Ajay Singh; 5 June 1972) is an Indian politician and a priest.	Yogi Adityanath	5 June 1972
date of birth	Wang Guangli (Chinese: 王光利) (born November 1966), nicknamed ``King Death'' is a film director.	Wang Guangli	November 1966
date of birth	Poppy Lee Friar (born 16 April 1995) is a British actress, best known for her roles in the television shows Eve as Eve, Little Einsteins as June and Dead Gorgeous as Sophie.	Poppy Lee Friar	16 April 1995
date of birth	Kjartan Salvesen (born 17 October 1976 in Sandnes) is the winner of the second season of Norwegian version of Idol by 840.000 votes, the highest number for any participant on the show.	Kjartan Salvesen	17 October 1976
date of birth	Gladys Campbell (February 1892 -- July 1, 1992) was a poet and teacher in Chicago.	Gladys Campbell	February 1892
date of birth	Maria Corsini, or Maria Corsini-Beltrame Quattrocchi (24 June 1884 -- 26 August 1965) was an Italian writer and Roman Catholic lay person.	Maria Corsini	24 June 1884
date of birth	Nicholas Wisdom (born 18 March 1953) is a former English cricketer, turned businessman.	Nicholas Wisdom	18 March 1953
date of birth	Gebhard Fürst (born 2 December 1948 in Bietigheim, Baden-Württemberg) is the Bishop of Rottenburg-Stuttgart.	Gebhard Fürst	2 December 1948
date of birth	Jane Ellen Usher (born 1917) is a Belizean who is the longest running Chief Executive Officer in the country.	Jane Ellen Usher	1917
date of birth	Gyula Márfi (born 17 December 1943) is a Hungarian prelate, archbishop of Veszprém since 1997.	Gyula Márfi	17 December 1943
date of birth	José Mauricio Rodríguez Múnera (born 5 March 1958) was Ambassador of Colombia to the United Kingdom.	Mauricio Rodríguez Múnera	5 March 1958
date of birth	Jasna Gospić (born 1961, Sarajevo) is Bosnia and Herzegovina singer.	Jasna Gospić	1961
date of birth	Simon Townshend (/ˈtaʊnzənd/; born 10 October 1960) is a British guitarist, singer and songwriter.	Simon Townshend	10 October 1960
date of birth	Roberto G. Fernández (born 24 September 1951) is a Cuban American novelist and short story writer.	Roberto G. Fernández	24 September 1951
date of birth	Laika (Russian: Лайка; c. 1954 -- November 3, 1957) was a Soviet space dog who became one of the first animals in space, and the first animal to orbit the Earth.	Laika	1954
date of birth	James Lofthouse (born 24 March 1894, date of death unknown) was a footballer who played in the Football League for Sheffield Wednesday, Rotherham County, Bristol Rovers and Queens Park Rangers.	James Lofthouse	24 March 1894
date of birth	Hojatoleslam Seyyed Ali Akbar Aboutorabi Fard (1939 -- June 2, 2000) was an Iranian revolutionary.	Ali Akbar Aboutorabi Fard	1939
date of birth	David Lawrence Bryce FRSE (1852-1834) was a Scottish marine zoologist and specialist in Rotifera.	David Lawrence Bryce	1852
date of birth	Tom Birdseye (born Thomas Birdseye, 1951) is an American children's author.	Tom Birdseye	1951
date of birth	Pretty Nose (c. 1851 -- after 1952) was an Arapaho woman war chief who participated in the Battle of the Little Bighorn in 1876.	Pretty Nose	1851
date of birth	Karoline Nemetz (married name: Ettemark; born 28 June 1958) is a Swedish former middle- and long-distance runner.	Karoline Nemetz	28 June 1958
date of birth	Guilly d'Herbemont (born c. 1888, date of death unknown) was the inventor of the white cane for blind people.	Guilly d'Herbemont	1888
date of birth	Martin Pušić (born 24 October 1987) is an Austrian footballer of Bosnian origin who currently plays as a striker for FC Midtjylland in the Danish Superliga.	Martin Pušić	24 October 1987
date of birth	John Heslin (born 27 June 1992) is a Gaelic footballer for Westmeath and Australian rules footballer for the Irish Warriors.	John Heslin	27 June 1992
date of birth	Iya Abubakar (born 14 December 1934) is a Nigerian mathematician and politician who held multiple cabinet level appointments (Minister of Defence and Minister of Internal Affairs) during the during the Nigerian Second Republic, and Senator for Adamawa North from May 1999 to May 2007.	Iya Abubakar	14 December 1934
date of birth	Joseph Stanislaus Hansom, FRIBA (1845-1931) was a British architect.	Joseph Stanislaus Hansom	1845
date of birth	Alan Hess (born 1952) is an American architect, author, lecturer and advocate for twentieth-century architectural preservation.	Alan Hess	1952
date of birth	Francis Macnab (born 21 June 1931) is the executive minister of St Michael's Uniting Church, a congregation of the Uniting Church in Australia in Collins Street, Melbourne, Australia.	Francis Macnab	21 June 1931
date of birth	Zona Jones (born 1963 in Corpus Christi, Texas; raised in Valentine, Texas) is an American country music singer and attorney.	Zona Jones	1963
date of birth	Sagarika (born Sagarika Mukherjee on 4 September 1970) is an Indian singer and actress.	Sagarika	4 September 1970
date of birth	Alison Sim (born 1961) is an English historian and writer, specialising in the Tudor period.	Alison Sim	1961
date of birth	İlhan Mansız (born 10 August 1975, Germany) is a German-born Turkish former football player and current competing figure skater of Crimean Tatar origin.	İlhan Mansız	10 August 1975
date of birth	Jared Deacon (born 15 October 1975) is a British former sprint athlete who specialised in the 400 metres.	Jared Deacon	15 October 1975
date of birth	Meng Zhaojuan (Chinese: 孟昭娟, born 14 December 1989) is a road and track cyclist representing Hong Kong.	Meng Zhaojuan	14 December 1989
date of birth	Susan Palwick (born 1961 in New York) is an American writer and associate professor of English at the University of Nevada, Reno.	Susan Palwick	1961
date of birth	Michael John Brenan, O.M.C. (1780 -- 1847), was an Irish Roman Catholic priest and a scholar of Church history, who gained notoriety through his temporary apostasy from the Catholic Church to the Church of Ireland.	Michael John Brenan	1780
date of birth	Annabella Lwin (born 31 October 1966) is an Anglo-Burmese singer, songwriter, and record producer best known as the lead singer of Bow Wow Wow.	Annabella Lwin	31 October 1966
date of birth	Farhan Akhtar (born 9 January 1974) is an Indian film director, screenwriter, producer, actor, playback singer, lyricist and television host.	Farhan Akhtar	9 January 1974
date of birth	Joseph M. Puthussery (born 28 April 1959) is a senior leader of the Kerala Congress (Mani), a splinter faction of Kerala Congress.	Joseph M. Puthussery	28 April 1959
date of birth	Jerker Porath, (23 October 1921 -- 21 January 2016) was a Swedish biochemist who invented several separation methods for biomolecules.	Jerker Porath	23 October 1921
date of birth	Hafız Süleymanoğlu (born 1967 in Sumqayıt, Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic), formerly known as Hafız Süleymanov, is a retired Turkish weightlifter of Azerbaijani origin competing in bantamweight and featherweight divisions.	Hafız Süleymanoğlu	1967
date of birth	Jonny Clarke, (born 6 June 1992) is an English actor.	Jonny Clarke	6 June 1992
date of birth	Jan Raas (born 8 November 1952) is a Dutch former professional cyclist whose 115 wins include the 1979 World Road Race Championship in Valkenburg, he also won the Tour of Flanders in 1979 and 1983, Paris--	Jan Raas	8 November 1952
date of birth	Nayana Fernando (full name Palamandadige Nayana Priyanjana Fernando; born 14 October 1988) in Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is a Sri Lankan cricketer.	Nayana Fernando	14 October 1988
date of birth	Panče Georgievski (born 29 June 1973) is a retired Macedonian footballer who made his career in Macedonia, Slovenia, Serbia and Portugal.	Panče Georgievski	29 June 1973
date of birth	Dominik Henzel (born 7 July 1964) is a Czech-born Swedish actor and comedian.	Dominik Henzel	7 July 1964
date of birth	Tine van der Maas (born 15 March 1954) is an Argentine-born South African nutritionist and alleged HIV/AIDS denialist.	Tine van der Maas	15 March 1954
date of birth	Marina Svetlova (real name is Yvette von Hartmann; 3 May 1922 -- 11 February 2009) was a French and American ballerina and ballet instructor.	Marina Svetlova	3 May 1922
date of birth	Robert Wilson Patterson (1850--1910) was an American newspaper editor and publisher.	Robert Wilson Patterson	1850
date of birth	Hmida Ennaifer or H'mida Ennaïfar (born 1942) is a Tunisian scholar and theologian.	Hmida Ennaifer	1942
date of birth	Marcel Žigante (born in 1929 in Sušak, Kingdom of Yugoslavia, today Rijeka) is a former Croatian and Bosnian football player and manager.	Marcel Žigante	1929
date of birth	Darryl S. Inaba, PharmD., was born June 16, 1946 in Denver, Colorado.	Darryl S. Inaba	1946
date of birth	Rudi Leavor (born 31 May 1926, Berlin, Germany) is a Jewish community leader in Bradford, West Yorkshire.	Rudi Leavor	31 May 1926
date of birth	Born at New Ross, County Wexford, 5 February 1772, he was son of Humphrey Lloyd, himself the son of the Rev. Bartholomew Lloyd of the Abbey House of New Ross.	Bartholomew Lloyd	5 February 1772
date of birth	Roberto Manzin (born 8 July 1966) is a London-based alto, tenor and soprano saxophones, clarinet, EWI, piano player and composer.	Roberto Manzin	8 July 1966
date of birth	Edward N. Peters, JD, JCD, Ref. Sig. Ap. (1957) is an American canonist and Referendary of the Apostolic Signatura (an advisor/consultant to the Holy See's top tribunal).	Edward N. Peters	1957
date of birth	Dale Boone (born 1966) is an American competitive eater who holds several records for, among others, devouring pelmeni and hot dogs.	Dale Boone	1966
date of birth	Adam Chatfield (born 22 June 1979) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Australian Football League.	Adam Chatfield	22 June 1979
date of birth	Bill Stukus (b. 1916 in Toronto, Ontario - d. July 1, 2003) was an award winning, all-star and Grey Cup champion Canadian football quarterback.	Bill Stukus	1916
date of birth	Sir Thomas Gascoigne, 2nd Baronet (1596--1686) was an English Baronet, member of the Gascoigne family and survivor of the Popish Plot.	Sir Thomas Gascoigne, 2nd Baronet	1596
date of birth	Sian Reese-Williams (born 18 November 1981) is a Welsh theatre and television actress and singer, best known for playing Genesis Walker in Emmerdale.	Sian Reese-Williams	1981
date of birth	Ross Westgate (born 1967) is an English financial journalist and businessman.	Ross Westgate	1967
date of birth	Sir Thomas Salisbury (or Salusbury) (1564 -- September 20, 1586) was one of the conspirators executed for his involvement in the Babington Plot.	Thomas Salisbury	1564
date of birth	Laldenga was born on 11 June 1927 in village Pukpui in the Mizo district of Assam (now in the Lunglei district of Mizoram).	Laldenga	11 June 1927
date of birth	Simon McCaffery (born 1963) is an American author of speculative fiction.	Simon McCaffery	1963
date of birth	Steven Lubin (born 1942 in Brooklyn) is an American pianist and musical scholar.	Steven Lubin	1942
date of birth	Vibhut Shah (born 1933) is a contemporary Gujarati novelist, playwright and short-story writer.	Vibhut Shah	1933
date of birth	Sir John Lambert, 1st Baronet (1666 -- 4 February 1723) of London, was a French-born English merchant.	Sir John Lambert, 1st Baronet	1666
date of birth	Charles Wilhelm Thesen (14 November 1856 -- 1 February 1940) was a Norwegian-born shipowner and timber merchant who played a leading role in the public affairs of the South African town of Knysna.	Charles Wilhelm Thesen	14 November 1856
date of birth	Edibe Şahin (born 1960 in Nazımiye, Tunceli, Turkey) is mayor of the municipality of Tunceli (Mamekiye), the capital of Tunceli Province in Eastern Anatolia, of the Peace and Democracy Party (BDP).	Edibe Şahin	1960
date of birth	Marc Hostert (born 18 July 1965) is an official of the Government of Luxembourg who is working at the European Court of Auditors.	Marc Hostert	18 July 1965
date of birth	Judith Richards Hope (born November 1940) is a lawyer, law professor, and corporate director.	Judith Richards Hope	November 1940
date of birth	Matthew J. Baek (born 25 November 1971) is a Korean-American illustrator, children's book author, and graphic designer working as a government contractor for USAID.	Matthew J. Baek	25 November 1971
date of birth	Izhar Nevo (Hebrew: יזהר נבו‎, born 1972) is the first and only contestant who has ever won the Israeli version of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?, Mi rotseh lehyot milyoner?.	Izhar Nevo	1972
date of birth	Dmitry Beliakov is a Russian photojournalist, born in 1970, in the Vologda region, in Northwestern Russia.	Dmitry Beliakov	1970
date of birth	William John Paskin, known as John Paskin (born 1 February 1962) is a South African former professional footballer who made 164 appearances in the Football League playing for West Bromwich Albion, Wolverhampton Wanderers, Stockport County, Birmingham City, Shrewsbury Town, Wrexham and Bury.	John Paskin	1 February 1962
date of birth	Robbie Winters (born 4 November 1974) is a Scottish footballer who plays for junior club Pollok.	Robbie Winters	4 November 1974
date of birth	David W. Thompson (born 1954) is an American space entrepreneur and President and Chief Executive Officer of Orbital ATK Inc. in Dulles, Virginia.	David W. Thompson	1954
date of birth	Hilde Marstrander (born 8 December 1969) is a Norwegian artist, illustrator and fashion journalist.	Hilde Marstrander	8 December 1969
date of birth	Daniel Radosh (born 23 March 1969) is an American journalist and blogger.	Daniel Radosh	23 March 1969
date of birth	Isaac Daniel Hooson (2 September 1880 -- 18 October 1948), or I. D. Hooson as he was commonly known, solicitor and poet was born in Victoria House, Market St. in the village of Rhosllannerchrugog, Denbighshire, Wales.	Isaac Daniel Hooson	2 September 1880
date of birth	Liu Yizhi (劉禕之) (631 -- June 22, 687), courtesy name Ximei (希美), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as chancellor during the first reign of Emperor Ruizong.	Liu Yizhi	631
date of birth	Jamie Tinkler is an English singer and songwriter born in Linthorpe, Middlesbrough, England in 1981.	Jamie Tinkler	1981
date of birth	Sten Lassmann (born 26 mai 1982) is an Estonian pianist trained at the Tallinn Music High School, the Estonian Academy of Music, the Conservatoire de Paris and the Royal Academy of Music best known for his work on Heino Eller's music.	Sten Lassmann	1982
date of birth	Napoleon Perdis (born 19 March 1970) is an Australian makeup artist and businessman from Sydney.	Napoleon Perdis	19 March 1970
date of birth	Robert Foster Charles Conners (December 12, 1933 -- November 23, 2014), known professionally as Bob Conners, was an American radio personality on Columbus, Ohio's AM radio station 610 WTVN.	Bob Conners	1933
date of birth	Peter Paliatka (* 1952, Handlová, Slovakia) is Slovak designer, sculptor and university pedagogue.	Peter Paliatka	1952
date of birth	Gustaaf Van Slembrouck (25 March 1902, Oostende - 7 July 1968, Oostende) was a Belgian professional cyclist from 1926 to 1934, nicknamed 'Den Staf'.	Gustaaf Van Slembrouck	25 March 1902
date of birth	Charles Frederick Gale (26 November 1860 -- 24 September 1928) was a senior Australian civil servant, Chief Inspector of Fisheries in Perth and Chief Protector of Aborigines in Western Australia.	Charles Frederick Gale	26 November 1860
date of birth	Kjell Hallbing (5 November 1934 in Bærum -- 6 May 2004 in Tønsberg) was a Norwegian author of Western books.	Kjell Hallbing	5 November 1934
date of birth	P. T. Chacko was born on 9 April 1915 to Thomas Puthiaparampil Pullolil and Annamma Thomas OTTAPLAKAL at Chirakkadavu in erstwhile Travancore.	P. T. Chacko	9 April 1915
date of birth	Peter Singleton Wilkes (1827 -- January 2, 1900) was a prominent Confederate politician who served in the Confederate States Congress during the American Civil War.	Peter Singleton Wilkes	1827
date of birth	Mohamed Karim Meliani (born 3 September 1987) is an Algerian-French footballer who currently plays for MO Béjaïa in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.	Karim Meliani	3 September 1987
date of birth	Dickson Huru (born 10 September 1990) is a Ugandan long-distance runner who competes in cross country running competitions.	Dickson Huru	10 September 1990
date of birth	Philip Grosser (1890 in Slavuta -- October 3, 1933 in Boston) was an anarchist and anti-militarist hailed by Alexander Berkman as ``one of (my) finest comrades''.	Philip Grosser	1890
date of birth	Eve Risser (born 1982) is a French jazz and improvised music performer, composer and arranger.	Eve Risser	1982
date of birth	Keiji Shirahata (白幡圭史 Shirahata Keiji) (born 8 October 1973) is a retired Japanese speed skater.	Keiji Shirahata	8 October 1973
date of birth	Danijel Demšar (born 8 May 1954) is a Slovene painter and illustrator of children's books.	Danijel Demšar	8 May 1954
date of birth	Michael Roeger (born 14 May 1988 ) is an Australian T46 athletics competitor.	Michael Roeger	14 May 1988
date of birth	Darko Jozinović (born 15 August 1970) is a retired Croatian footballer who is last played for NK Radnik Sesvete.	Darko Jozinović	15 August 1970
date of birth	Tiago Treichel Moraes da Silva known as Tiago Treichel or just Tiago (born 8 September 1984) is a Brazilian footballer	Tiago Treichel	8 September 1984
date of birth	Maria Kitkarska (born 13 July, 1995 in Bulgaria) is a rhythmic gymnast competing for Canada.	Maria Kitkarska	13 July, 1995
date of birth	George Alan Garton FRS (4 June 1922 in Scarborough, Yorkshire -- 13 May 2010) was a British biochemist, and Head of the Lipid Biochemistry Department, at the Rowett Research Institute, now part of the University of Aberdeen.	Alan Garton	4 June 1922
date of birth	Rolf Bock (born 5 February 1937) is a retired German football manager who managed Borussia Dortmund and Rot-Weiss Essen.	Rolf Bock	5 February 1937
date of birth	Antonio Baratti (1724, Belluno - 1787, Venice), was an Italian engraver, etcher and printmaker.	Antonio Baratti	1724
date of birth	Natascha Trofimowa (1923--1979) was a German prima ballerina with the Berlin State Opera and latterly with the Bavarian State Opera in Munich.	Natascha Trofimowa	1923
date of birth	Martino Longhi the Elder (1534--1591) was an Italian architect, the father of Onorio Longhi and the grandfather of Martino Longhi the Younger.	Martino Longhi the Elder	1534
date of birth	Li Xiucheng (Chinese: 李秀成; pinyin: Lǐ Xiùchéng; 1823 -- August 7, 1864) was a military commander during the Taiping Rebellion.	Li Xiucheng	1823
date of birth	Fritz Schollmeyer (born 19 June 1922) is a former German football manager.	Fritz Schollmeyer	19 June 1922
date of birth	Lucius Valerius Messalla Thrasea Priscus (c. 156 -- c. 212) was a Roman senator who was appointed consul in AD 196.	Lucius Valerius Messalla Thrasea Priscus	156
date of birth	Robert Kenneth Maguire (31 March 1923 -- 14 October 2000) was the 8th Anglican Bishop of Montreal for twelve years.	Kenneth Maguire	1923
date of birth	Antoni Martí Petit (born 10 November 1963) is an Andorran architect and politician who has been the country's head of government since 11 May 2011, following a parliamentary election in 2011.	Antoni Martí	10 November 1963
date of birth	Aleksandr Gennadyevich Romanov (Russian: Александр Геннадьевич Романов; born 9 March 1990) is a Russian professional football player.	Aleksandr Gennadyevich Romanov	9 March 1990
date of birth	Rohan Pradeep Kumara (born 10 March 1975) is Sri Lankan athlete who competed in the Men's 400 meters at the 2004 Summer Olympic Games, and did not pass the first round.	Rohan Pradeep Kumara	10 March 1975
date of birth	Falko Steinbach (born 30 September 1957 in Aachen, Germany) is a German/American pianist, composer and piano pedagogue.	Falko Steinbach	30 September 1957
date of birth	David Alleyne (born 17 April 1976, York) is an English cricketer.	David Alleyne	17 April 1976
date of birth	Michael Moncrieff (born 19 August 1952) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Hawthorn in the VFL during the 1970s and early 80s.	Michael Moncrieff	19 August 1952
date of birth	Norbert Trandafir (born 8 February 1988 in Târgu Mureş) is a Romanian swimmer of Hungarian descent.	Norbert Trandafir	8 February 1988
date of birth	Jamie Merillo (born 27 November 1972) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Fremantle Dockers between 1995 and 1997.	Jamie Merillo	27 November 1972
date of birth	Māris Poikāns (born 11 November 1962, Vidriži) is a Latvian bobsledder who competed from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s for Soviet Union.	Māris Poikāns	11 November 1962
date of birth	Dave Willey (born 1963) is an American experimental musician and composer, best known as the co-founder and member of the Boulder, Colorado-based avant-rock group Hamster Theatre.	Dave Willey	1963
date of birth	Payne Fisher (1616--1693) was an English poet.	Payne Fisher	1616
date of birth	Dmitry Kozak was born on 7 November 1958 in the village of Bandurovo, in the Kirovograd region of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic (part of the USSR).	Dmitry Kozak	7 November 1958
date of birth	Anita Weyermann (born 8 December 1977 in Wynigen) is a Swiss former middle- and long-distance runner.	Anita Weyermann	8 December 1977
date of birth	Ólöf Arnalds (born 4 January 1980) is an Icelandic singer/songwriter and indie musician who has been active within the Icelandic music scene since the early 2000s.	Ólöf Arnalds	4 January 1980
date of birth	Christiane Krause (born 14 December 1950) is a German athlete who competed mainly in the 100 metres.	Christiane Krause	14 December 1950
date of birth	Shiba Sonome (1664--1726, 斯波 園女) was a Japanese zen poet.	Sonome	1664
date of birth	Louis DiNapoli (born 1938) is a New York City mobster and soldier in the Genovese crime family.	Louis DiNapoli	1938
date of birth	Tony Browne (born 1 July 1973) is an Irish hurler who played as a right wing-back for the Waterford senior team from 1991 until his retirement from inter-county hurling in 2014.	Tony Browne	1 July 1973
date of birth	Charles Herbert Kitson (13 November 1874 -- 13 May 1944) was an English organist, teacher, and music educator, author of several books on harmony and counterpoint.	Charles Herbert Kitson	13 November 1874
date of birth	Steven Neil Evans (born 12 August 1960, Orange, Australia) is an Australian-American statistician and mathematician, specializing in stochastic processes.	Steven Neil Evans	12 August 1960
date of birth	Aravind Enrique Adyanthaya (born 1965) is a Puerto Rican writer, performer, and theater director.	Aravind Enrique Adyanthaya	1965
date of birth	Sir Hercules Underhill (1581--1658) was the son of William Underhill of Warwickshire, owner of New Place in Stratford-Upon-Avon.	Hercules Underhill	1581
date of birth	Venus Xtravaganza (May 22, 1965 -- December 21, 1988) was an American transgender performer.	Venus Xtravaganza	1965
date of birth	Müslüm Doğan (born 15 October 1959) is a Turkish politician who served as the Minister of Development in the interim election government formed by Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoğlu on 28 August 2015.	Müslüm Doğan	15 October 1959
date of birth	Elisabeth Wiedemann (8 April 1926 -- 27 May 2015) was a German actress and best known for her role as Else Tetzlaff in Ein Herz und eine Seele.	Elisabeth Wiedemann	8 April 1926
date of birth	Antonina Lebedeva (Russian: Антонина Васильевна Лебедева) (1916--1943) was Soviet aviator and Lieutenant who was killed in action during World War II.	Antonina Lebedeva	1916
date of birth	Steven R. Schuit (born Haarlem, 9 October 1942) is a Dutch law professor and a former practicing lawyer at Allen & Overy.	Steven R. Schuit	9 October 1942
date of birth	Nikola Filchev Borisov (Bulgarian: Никола Филчев Борисов) (born 25 July 1948) is a Bulgarian jurist who served as the chief prosecutor of Bulgaria from 1999 to 2006.	Nikola Filchev	25 July 1948
date of birth	Arshad Warsi (born 19 April 1968) is an Indian film actor, choreographer and a dancer.	Arshad Warsi	19 April 1968
date of birth	Joan Roughgarden (born Jonathan Roughgarden on 13 March 1946) is an American ecologist and evolutionary biologist.	Joan Roughgarden	13 March 1946
date of birth	Harry Peccinotti (also known as Harri Peccinotti) (born 1935) is an English photographer, best known for his erotic work, most famously two Pirelli Calendars published in 1968 and 1969.	Harry Peccinotti	1935
date of birth	Dr. Yosef Vanunu (Hebrew: יוסף ונונו‎, born 7 August 1945) is an Israeli economist and former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Labor Party from 1992 until 1996.	Yosef Vanunu	7 August 1945
date of birth	John Bramblitt (born 1971) is a blind painter of American origin.	John Bramblitt	1971
date of birth	Andreas Fransson (15 April 1983 -- 29 September 2014) was a Swedish extreme skier perhaps best known for his having made descents of the hitherto un-skied specific faces of mountains.	Andreas Fransson	15 April 1983
date of birth	Annamária Ilyés (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈɒnːɒmaːriɒ ˈijeːʃ); born 9 July 1980) is a Hungarian-Romanian international handballer who plays for German top division club SG BBM Bietigheim.	Annamária Ilyés	9 July 1980
date of birth	David Piper (born 2 December 1930) is a British former Formula One and sports car racing driver from England.	David Piper	2 December 1930
date of birth	David Zauner (born 9 April 1985) is an Austrian ski jumper and former nordic combined skier.	David Zauner	9 April 1985
date of birth	Mugison (or Örn Elías Guðmundsson) (born 4 September 1976 in Reykjavík) is an Icelandic musician.	Mugison	4 September 1976
date of birth	Monja Jaona (1910-1994) was a Malagasy politician and early nationalist who significantly drove political events on the island during his lifetime.	Monja Jaona	1910
date of birth	Ken-Marti Vaher (born 5 September 1974) is a leading member of the Estonian Pro Patria and Res Publica Union party.	Ken-Marti Vaher	5 September 1974
date of birth	Fu Xiaoguang (simplified Chinese: 付晓光; traditional Chinese: 付曉光; pinyin: Fù Xiǎoguāng; born February 1952) is a Chinese politician from Heilongjiang province.	Fu Xiaoguang	1952
date of birth	Lionel Abrahams (11 April 1928 -- 31 May 2004) was a South African novelist, poet, editor, critic, essayist and publisher.	Lionel Abrahams	11 April 1928
date of birth	Murat Topal (born 5 April 1976) is a Turkish-Austrian futsal player.	Murat Topal	1976
date of birth	Martin V. Biscailuz (1861--99) was a prominent attorney in 19th century Los Angeles, California, and a member of the Los Angeles Common Council.	Martin V. Biscailuz	1861
date of birth	Wiebke von Carolsfeld (born 1966) is a German-Canadian film director and editor.	Wiebke von Carolsfeld	1966
date of birth	Marcel Oster (born 1989) is a German luger who has been competing since 2008.	Marcel Oster	1989
date of birth	Dansranbilegiin Dogsom (Mongolian: Дансранбилэгийн Догсом, 1884 - July 27, 1941) was a prominent Mongolian revolutionary leader and post-Revolution political figure in Mongolian People's Republic.	Dansranbilegiin Dogsom	1884
date of birth	Mohamad Al-Garni (born 2 July 1992) is a Moroccan-born Qatari middle-distance runner.	Mohamad Al-Garni	2 July 1992
date of birth	Annituuli Kasurinen (born 27 April 1991) is a Finnish voice actress.	Annituuli Kasurinen	27 April 1991
date of birth	Nour Eissa Meer Abdulrahman (born 16 July 1967), is a retired Emirati footballer who played as a right back for the UAE national football team and Sharjah FC.	Eissa Meer	16 July 1967
date of birth	Batiste Madalena (1902--1988) was an American commercial artist best known for the original advertisements he created for the Eastman Theatre in Rochester, NY from 1924-1928.	Batiste Madalena	1902
date of birth	Hugh Denis Macrossan (20 February 1881 -- 23 June 1940) was a politician and judge in Queensland, a State of Australia.	Hugh Denis Macrossan	20 February 1881
date of birth	Harvey O'Connor was born March 29, 1898 in Minneapolis, Minnesota, the son of a railway cook.	Harvey O'Connor	1898
date of birth	Lü Peng (Chinese: 吕鹏; Chinese: 呂鵬; pinyin: Lǚ Péng; born 28 October 1989) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Beijing BG in the China League One.	Lü Peng	28 October 1989
date of birth	Vijay Singh, CF (Hindi: विजय सिंह, IPA: (ˈʋɪdʒəj sɪ̃ɦ); born 22 February 1963), nicknamed ``The Big Fijian'', is a Fijian professional golfer who was Number 1 in the Official World Golf Ranking for 32 weeks in 2004 and 2005.	Vijay Singh	22 February 1963
date of birth	Dr Leanne Armand (born 20 February 1968) is a marine scientist and an expert in the identification of diatoms in the Southern Ocean.	Leanne Armand	20 February 1968
date of birth	Liu Jiayi (Chinese: 刘家义; pinyin: Liú Jiāyì; born August 1955) is the current auditor general of the National Audit Office of the People's Republic of China.	Liu Jiayi	August 1955
date of birth	Noel Hodda (born in 1954 in Albury, New South Wales) is an Australian actor, writer, dramaturge, director and teacher.	Noel Hodda	1954
date of birth	Amberlife (born Edgaras Lubys on 17 August 1983 in Klaipėda) is a popular Lithuanian musician and songwriter.	Amberlife	17 August 1983
date of birth	Arvind S. Nadkarni (1931 -- May 20, 2008) was a Kannada poet from Andheri, who was awarded the Karnataka Sahitya Akademi for his work 'Atma Bharath'.	Arvind S. Nadkarni	1931
date of birth	Jean Berko Gleason (born 1931) is a professor emerita in the Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences (formerly the Department of Psychology) at Boston University, a psycholinguist who has made fundamental contributions to the understanding of language acquisition in children, aphasia, gender differences in language development, and parentchild interactions.	Jean Berko Gleason	1931
date of birth	Ali al-Jarrah (Arabic: علي الجراح, ʿAlī al-Jarrāh; born 1958) is a Lebanese man who was accused of spying for Israel for 25 years.	Ali al-Jarrah	1958
date of birth	Christian Noel Emmanuel (born 25 December 1960) is a Sri Lankan Tamil priest and the current Roman Catholic Bishop of Trincomalee.	Noel Emmanuel	25 December 1960
date of birth	Sara Houghteling (born 1977) is an American novelist and educator.	Sara Houghteling	1977
date of birth	Edward O'Neill, 2nd Baron O'Neill (31 December 1839 -- 19 November 1928), known as Edward Chichester until 1855, was an Irish peer and Conservative politician.	Edward O'Neill, 2nd Baron O'Neill	31 December 1839
date of birth	Victor Bangert (born 28 November 1950, Osnabrück) is Professor of Mathematics at the Mathematisches Institut in Freiburg, Germany.	Victor Bangert	28 November 1950
date of birth	Niall Johnson (born in 1965) is an English screenwriter and film director.	Niall Johnson	1965
date of birth	Win Chadha (born 1924, d. 2001) was one of the primary figures in the Rs 640 million Bofors scandal.	Win Chadha	1924
date of birth	Elliot Ruiz (born 1985) is an American film actor and a former U.S. Marine.	Elliot Ruiz	1985
date of birth	Will Gay Bottje (born 30 June 1925, Grand Rapids, Michigan) is an American composer who is known for his contributions to electronic music.	Will Gay Bottje	30 June 1925
date of birth	Denise O'Donoghue OBE (born 13 April 1955, Wembley) is a British television production company executive.	Denise O'Donoghue	13 April 1955
date of birth	Dina Abramowicz (1909-2000) was a librarian at YIVO and a Yiddish language expert.	Dina Abramowicz	1909
date of birth	Richard Joyce (c. 1660 -- c. 1737) was an Irish goldsmith.	Richard Joyce	1660
date of birth	Rui Pedro Silva (born 6 May 1981 in Santo Tirso) is a Portuguese track and field athlete specialized in long distance and cross country running.	Rui Pedro Silva	6 May 1981
date of birth	Shona Morgan (born 1 September 1990) is an Australian gymnast, training at the Waverley Gymnastics Centre in Victoria under John Hart and Shaoyi Jiang.	Shona Morgan	1 September 1990
date of birth	Evan Seys (alternates: Yevan or Ievan) (1604--1685) was an eminent lawyer of his day who rose to national office under Oliver Cromwell as Attorney General, and served as a member of parliament after the Restoration.	Evan Seys	1604
date of birth	Rafi Ahmed Mir (born 1956) is a veteran politician and the General Secretary of ruling People's Deomcratic Party.Belonging to a big political family Rafi Ahmed Mir son of ex-MLC, MLA late G.A Mir who worked with Sheikh Mohammad Abdullah.	Rafi Ahmed Mir	1956
date of birth	Menina Fortunato (born 28 November 1980) is a Canadian actress, dancer, choreographer, and model.	Menina Fortunato	28 November 1980
date of birth	Enoch Crosby (1750--1835) was an American soldier and spy during the Revolutionary War.	Enoch Crosby	1750
date of birth	Travis McGowan (born 13 January 1981 in Mildura, Victoria) is an Australian speedway rider.	Travis McGowan	13 January 1981
date of birth	Gerald Okamura (born 1940) is an American theatrical martial artist.	Gerald Okamura	1940
date of birth	Alexander Fleck, 1st Baron Fleck FRS KBE (11 November 1889 -- 6 August 1968) was a British industrial chemist.	Alexander Fleck, 1st Baron Fleck	11 November 1889
date of birth	Stephen Barton (born 17 September 1982) is a British film and video game composer who has lived and worked in Los Angeles since 2001.	Stephen Barton	17 September 1982
date of birth	Abdulaziz bin Mohieddin Khoja (born 1940) is the former Saudi ambassador and he served as the minister of culture and information between 2009 and 2014.	Abdulaziz bin Mohieddin Khoja	1940
date of birth	Klara Zimmergren (born February 16, 1967) is a Swedish comedian and radio talk show host on Swedish Radio P3 and since 2007 she has appeared on the SVT comedy show Mia och Klara along with Mia Skäringer.	Klara Zimmergren	1967
date of birth	Francisco Cepeda (Zepeda, Zepedas) (born in the province of La Mancha, Spain, 1532; died at Guatemala, 1602) was a Spanish Dominican missionary.	Francisco Cepeda	1532
date of birth	Remo Remotti (16 November 1924 -- 21 June 2015) was an Italian actor, playwright, artist and poet.	Remo Remotti	16 November 1924
date of birth	Randi Lunnan (born 1963) is a Norwegian organizational theorist, and Professor at the Department of Strategy of the BI Norwegian Business School, known for her work on international strategic alliances and management of international corporations.	Randi Lunnan	1963
date of birth	Sam M. Fleming (1908--2000) was an American banker, chief executive and philanthropist.	Sam M. Fleming	1908
date of birth	José Nogueras (1951, Mayagüez) is a composer, singer, guitarist, and performer of modern-day typical Puerto Rican music.	José Nogueras	1951
date of birth	Norodom Chakrapong (born 21 October 1945) is a Cambodian prince, politician, military commander and businessman.	Norodom Chakrapong	1945
date of birth	Ramgopal Ghosh (Bengali: রামগোপাল ঘোষ) (1815--1868) was an Indian businessman, social reformer, orator and one of the leaders of the Young Bengal group.	Ramgopal Ghosh	1815
date of birth	Mateo Hrvatin (born 15 August 1980 in Rijeka) is a Croatian handballer, who plays as left half for RK Zagreb since 2008.	Mateo Hrvatin	15 August 1980
date of birth	Ernest Womersley (born 28 August 1932) is a former professional footballer, who played for Huddersfield Town.	Ernest Womersley	28 August 1932
date of birth	Arthur Eustace Morgan (26 July 1886 -- 3 February 1972) was the eighth Principal and Vice-Chancellor of McGill University.	Arthur Eustace Morgan	26 July 1886
date of birth	Darryl Wakelin (born 11 August 1974) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for St Kilda and Port Adelaide in the Australian Football League as a defender.	Darryl Wakelin	11 August 1974
date of birth	Rønnaug Kleiva (born 30 November 1951) is a Norwegian poet, writer of short stories and author of children's literature.	Rønnaug Kleiva	1951
date of birth	Iraneuton Sousa Morais Júnior (born 22 July 1986) commonly known as Júnior Morais or Júnior Maranhão, is a Brazilian football player, currently under contract with Astra Giurgiu.	Júnior Morais	22 July 1986
date of birth	Sergio Esteban Vélez Peláez (born 1983) is a Colombian (of Spanish descent) writer, professor and journalist.	Sergio Esteban Vélez	1983
date of birth	Brian Horgan (born 1976) is an Irish hurler who played as a right wing-back for the Tipperary senior hurling team.	Brian Horgan	1976
date of birth	Aimee Friedman (born 1979) is the author of several young adult novels published by Scholastic Inc., Point and S&S.	Aimee Friedman	1979
date of birth	Hans Uwe Hielscher (born 1945) is a German organist and composer, the organist and carilloneur at the Marktkirche in Wiesbaden since 1979, internationally known as a concert organist.	Hans Uwe Hielscher	1945
date of birth	Kristina Krepela (born 4 September 1979) is a Croatian actress, the best known for playing in movies La Femme Musketeer and The Hunting Party and in telenovela Ne daj se, Nina, the Croatian version of Ugly Betty.	Kristina Krepela	4 September 1979
date of birth	Erik Anker Steen (21 June 1892 -- 6 December 1972) was a Norwegian naval officer and historian.	Erik Anker Steen	1892
date of birth	Iris Barry (1895 -- 1969) was a film critic and curator.	Iris Barry	1895
date of birth	Sonja Reichart (2 November 1964) is a German freestyle skier.	Sonja Reichart	2 November 1964
date of birth	Jacobina Mentz Maurer (born June 1841 or 1842 in Novo Hamburgo - August 2, 1874 in Sapiranga) was a Brazilian religious leader.	Jacobina Mentz Maurer	1841	1842
date of birth	Francesco Berger (10 June 1834 -- 26 April 1933) was a pianist and composer.	Francesco Berger	10 June 1834
date of birth	Yutaka Yamaguchi 山口泰 (born 11 December 1940) serves as a member of the Group of Thirty, an international body of leading financiers and academics.	Yutaka Yamaguchi	11 December 1940
date of birth	Michael Abbensetts (born 8 June 1938) is a Guyana-born British writer, who is considered by many ``the best Black playwright to emerge from his generation, and acknowledged as having given ''Caribbeans a real voice in Britain``.	Michael Abbensetts	8 June 1938
date of birth	Daniel Berehulak (born 1975) is an award winning Australian photographer and photojournalist.	Daniel Berehulak	1975
date of birth	Tan Lark Sye (simplified Chinese: 陈六使; traditional Chinese: 陳六使; pinyin: Chén Lìushǐ; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tân La̍k-sái; 1897 - 11 September 1972) was a prominent Chinese businessman and philanthropist active in Singapore in the 20th century.	Tan Lark Sye	1897
date of birth	Craig Covey (born 1957) is an American politician who served as mayor of Ferndale, Michigan.	Craig Covey	1957
date of birth	K. T. Francis, full name Kandiah Thirugnansampandapillai Francis (15 October 1939 -- 9 June 2013) was a Sri Lankan cricket umpire.	K. T. Francis	15 October 1939
date of birth	Ren Xuefeng (Chinese: 任学锋; born October 1965) is a Chinese politician and business executive.	Ren Xuefeng	October 1965
date of birth	Samuel Linnaeus, born in 1718 in sv:	Samuel Linnaeus	1718
date of birth	Ola Mafaalani (born 1968) is a Syrian-born theater director.	Ola Mafaalani	1968
date of birth	Carina Axelsson (born 5 August 1968) is the American-born author of teen fashion detective series, Model Under Cover.	Carina Axelsson	5 August 1968
date of birth	Louis Augustus Karl Frederick Emil, Duke of Anhalt-Köthen (Köthen, 20 September 1802 -- Leipzig, 18 December 1818), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the duchy of Anhalt-Köthen.	Louis Augustus Karl Frederick Emil, Duke of Anhalt-Köthen	20 September 1802
date of birth	Peter C. Aichelburg (born 9 November 1941) is an Austrian physicist well known for his contributions to general relativity, particularly for his joint work with Roman Sexl on the Aichelburg--	Peter C. Aichelburg	9 November 1941
date of birth	Mohammed Odeh al-Rehaief (Arabic: محمد عودة الرهيف) (born circa 1970) is an Iraqi attorney who helped the United States armed forces rescue prisoner of war Jessica Lynch from a hospital in Nasiriyah.	Mohammed Odeh al-Rehaief	1970
date of birth	Pierre Notting (1825--1895) was a Luxembourgian rosarian known for his breeding of rose cultivars.	Pierre Notting	1825
date of birth	Ruchi Narain (born 1976) is a Mumbai (Bombay)-based film director and screenwriter, most known as the writer for the film Hazaaron Khwaishein Aisi (2003), and later directed KAL - Yesterday and Tomorrow (2005).	Ruchi Narain	1976
date of birth	Air Vice Marshal Charles Hubert Boulby Blount CB, OBE, MC (26 October 1893 -- 23 October 1940) was an English soldier, airman and first-class cricketer.	Charles Hubert Boulby Blount	26 October 1893
date of birth	Lena Willemark (born 1960 ) is a Swedish traditional music fiddler, singer, and composer, who combines elements of folk and jazz.	Lena Willemark	1960
date of birth	Jan Vanriet, real name Jan Louis Lucien Van Riet, (21 February 1948) is a Belgian (Flemish) painter and poet.	Jan Vanriet	21 February 1948
date of birth	Elliott Bennett (born 18 December 1988) is an English-born Jamaican professional footballer who plays for Blackburn Rovers.	Elliott Bennett	18 December 1988
date of birth	Jorunn Økland (born 1964) is a Norwegian gender studies expert and biblical scholar with a background in Classics.	Jorunn Økland	1964
date of birth	Ana Jovanović (Cyrillic: Ана Јовановић; born 28 December 1984) is a former Serbian professional tennis player.	Ana Jovanović	28 December 1984
date of birth	John Gohorry (born Donald Smith 1943 Coventry, England) is a British poet.	John Gohorry	1943
date of birth	Stewart Finlay-McLennan (born 7 September 1957) is an Australian-born classically trained actor.	Stewart Finlay-McLennan	7 September 1957
date of birth	Silvio Noto (25 December 1926 -- 16 December 2012) was an Italian TV and radio presenter, actor and voice actor.	Silvio Noto	25 December 1926
date of birth	Andrew Michael Hurley (born 1975) is a British writer whose debut novel, The Loney, was published in a limited edition of 300 copies in 2014 by Tartarus Press and was published under Hodder and Stoughton's John Murray imprint in 2015 (ISBN 9781473619821).	Andrew Michael Hurley	1975
date of birth	The Honourable Judge John Lawrence O'Meally (AM RFD) (born 1939) was president of the Dust Diseases Tribunal of New South Wales.	John Lawrence O'Meally	1939
date of birth	William Eusebius Andrews (1773-1837) was an English journalist and editor who created a number of Catholic newspapers.	William Eusebius Andrews	1773
date of birth	Eugene Sweeney (1592--1669) was an Irish prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as the Bishop of Kilmore from 1629 to 1669.	Eugene Sweeney	1592
date of birth	Odaline de la Martinez (born 31 October 1949) is a Cuban-American composer and conductor, currently residing in the UK.	Odaline de la Martinez	31 October 1949
date of birth	Ernest Shorrocks, born at Rhodes, Middleton, Greater Manchester, on 12 March 1875, and died at Thiepval, France on 20 July 1916, played in one first-class cricket match for Somerset in the 1905 season.	Ernest Shorrocks	1875
date of birth	Philip Thorpe Priestley BSc FSA MBHI (born 15 May 1936) is an English scientist and inventor.	Philip Thorpe Priestley	15 May 1936
date of birth	Nebojša Radmanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Небојша Радмановић, pronounced (radmǎːnoʋit͡ɕ); born 1 October 1949) is a Bosnian Serb politician.	Nebojša Radmanović	1 October 1949
date of birth	Charis Kostakis (Greek: Χάρης Κωστάκης; born 12 July 1990) is a Greek footballer playing for Alimos under a two-year contract.	Charis Kostakis	12 July 1990
date of birth	Sean Rusling (born 6 October 1986) is a former professional Australian rules football player who played for Collingwood in the Australian Football League.	Sean Rusling	6 October 1986
date of birth	Surendra Seeraj (born 7 September 1973 in Guelph, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian cricket player.	Surendra Seeraj	7 September 1973
date of birth	Luke Bullen (born 2 September 1973 in Norwich, England) is an English drummer and percussionist.	Luke Bullen	2 September 1973
date of birth	Johan Lennart Geijer (14 September 1909 -- 16 June 1999), was a Swedish politician and lawyer.	Lennart Geijer	14 September 1909
date of birth	Qian Qianyi (simplified Chinese: 钱谦益; traditional Chinese: 銭謙益; pinyin: Qián Qiānyì; Wade--Giles: Ch'ien Ch'ien-i; Suzhou dialect: (zi tɕʰi ɪʔ); 1582--1664) was a Chinese official, scholar and social historian of the late Ming Dynasty.	Qian Qianyi	1582
date of birth	Thakur Rao Gopal Singh Kharwa (1872--1939), born in Rajasthan, was the ruler of the Kharwa state (near Ajmer) of Rajputana.	Rao Gopal Singh Kharwa	1872
date of birth	Colin O'Donoghue (born 26 January 1981) is an Irish actor and musician known for his role as Captain Killian ``Hook'' Jones on the TV show Once Upon a Time, and his role as Michael Kovak in The Rite.	Colin O'Donoghue	26 January 1981
date of birth	Patti Miller (born 1954), an Australian writer, was born and grew up near Wellington, New South Wales, Australia.	Patti Miller	1954
date of birth	Raci Şaşmaz (born 30 October 1973 in Elazig) is a Turkish film producer, writer and actor.	Raci Şaşmaz	30 October 1973
date of birth	Uģis Viļums (born 28 July 1979, Saldus, Latvian SSR) is a Latvian professional basketball guard, who plays for Barons LMT.	Uģis Viļums	28 July 1979
date of birth	Valerie Murtagh (born Patricia Valerie Murtagh, 1936, Willesden, London, England) (pseudonym Valerie Avon) is an English singer and songwriter.	Valerie Murtagh	1936
date of birth	Koulsy Lamko (born 1959) is a Chadian-born playwright, poet, novelist and university lecturer.	Koulsy Lamko	1959
date of birth	Petros Tatoulis (Greek: Πέτρος Τατούλης; born 6 March 1953 in Kastri, Arcadia) is a Greek surgeon and independent politician, currently serving as Regional Governor of the Peloponnese.	Petros Tatoulis	6 March 1953
date of birth	Wafa al Bass (Wafa al-Biss, b. 1984) is a Palestinian Arab resident of Gaza who was permitted to enter Israel for the purpose of being treated at an Israeli hospital in 2005.	Wafa al Bass	1984
date of birth	Aneela Mirza, or Anila Mirza (born 8 October 1974) is a Danish singer who has found success as a member of the pop group Toy-Box and as a solo artist under the name of ``Aneela''.	Aneela Mirza	8 October 1974
date of birth	Lázaro Núñez-Robres (Almansa 1 June 1827-after 1883) was a Spanish zarzuela and song composer.	Lázaro Núñez-Robres	1827
date of birth	Ninni Bruschetta (born Antonino Bruschetta on 6 January 1962) is an Italian actor, film and stage director and screenwriter.	Ninni Bruschetta	6 January 1962
date of birth	Rida Johnson Young (February 28, 1875 -- May 8, 1926) was an American playwright, songwriter and librettist.	Rida Johnson Young	1875
date of birth	Folliott Sandford Pierpoint (7 October 1835 -- 1917) was a hymnist and poet.	Folliott Sandford Pierpoint	7 October 1835
date of birth	Ennio Mattarelli (born 5 August 1928) is an Italian sports shooter and Olympic Champion.	Ennio Mattarelli	5 August 1928
date of birth	Nisson Alpert (1927--1986) was one of the most outstanding and prominent students of Rabbi Moshe Feinstein.	Nisson Alpert	1927
date of birth	Francesco Sabatini (1722 -- 1797), also known as Francisco Sabatini, was an Italian architect of the 18th century who worked in Spain.	Francesco Sabatini	1722
date of birth	Valentin Fortunov (Bulgarian Cyrillic, Валентин Фъртунов 15 August 1957 -- 9 March 2014) was a Bulgarian writer, publisher and journalist.	Valentin Fortunov	15 August 1957
date of birth	Dr. Fredrick Lawrence Munyua Waiyaki (born 1926) was a Kenyan politician.	Munyua Waiyaki	1926
date of birth	Deresse Mekonnen Tsigu (Amharic: ደረሠ መኮንነን; born 20 October 1987) is an Ethiopian middle distance runner, who specializes in the 1500 metres.	Deresse Mekonnen	20 October 1987
date of birth	Boutros Salim AbouNader (born 20 May 1932 in Baskinta, Lebanon) is a former Lebanese civil aviation pilot.	Boutros Salim AbouNader	20 May 1932
date of birth	Vogue Williams (born 25 January 1986) is an Irish model, television and radio personality, best known for participating in Dancing with the Stars and Stepping Out and for winning the 2015 series of Bear Grylls:	Vogue Williams	25 January 1986
date of birth	William Terrence McGrattan (born 19 September 1956) is the twelfth and current Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Peterborough.	William Terrence McGrattan	19 September 1956
date of birth	Francis of Mayrone (Franciscus de Mayronis) (c. 1280--1328) was a French scholastic philosopher.	Francis of Mayrone	1280
date of birth	Matthew H. Gore (born 1962) is a British historian, popular culturist, and educator residing in Memphis, Tennessee.	Matthew H. Gore	1962
date of birth	Winifred Waddell, MBE, (8 October 1884, Cumberland, England -- 1972) was an English-born Australian botanist.	Winifred Waddell	8 October 1884
date of birth	Ali El-Khatib (Arabic: علي الخطيب‎, Hebrew: עלי חטיב‎; born 18 March 1989) is an Arab-Israeli professional football (soccer) player currently playing for Maccabi Ahi Nazareth.	Ali El-Khatib	18 March 1989
date of birth	Stig Järrel (8 February 1910 -- 1 July 1998) was a Swedish actor, film director and revue artist.	Stig Järrel	8 February 1910
date of birth	Bruno Pasquini (23 November 1914 -- 12 August 1995) was an Italian racing cyclist.	Bruno Pasquini	23 November 1914
date of birth	James Wandin (28 July 1933 -- 20 February 2006), also known as Jim, Jimmy, or Juby, was the ngurungaeta of the Wurundjeri till his death in February 2006.	James Wandin	28 July 1933
date of birth	Dorothy Bellew (born 1891) was a British actress.	Dorothy Bellew	1891
date of birth	Betty Diamond, a physician and researcher, was born in Hartford, CT on 11 May 1948.	Betty Diamond	11 May 1948
date of birth	Robert Wigram Crawford (18 April 1813 - 30 July 1889) was a British East India merchant, Governor of the Bank of England, and a Liberal Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1857 to 1874.	Robert Wigram Crawford	18 April 1813
date of birth	Mark McVeigh (born 26 January 1981) is a former professional Australian rules footballer for the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League.	Mark McVeigh	26 January 1981
date of birth	Ratih Hardjono (born 6 December 1960) is an Indonesian journalist for Kompas, an author, and a public affairs consultant.	Ratih Hardjono	6 December 1960
date of birth	Zalmai Aziz (born 1940 in Kabul) is an Afghan diplomat and is the current ambassador of Afghanistan to the United Nations Office in Geneva and to Switzerland.	Zalmai Aziz	1940
date of birth	Noureddine Daifallah (b. 1960 in Marrakech) is a Moroccan calligrapher.	Noureddine Daifallah	1960
date of birth	Dennis Carroll (born 7 November 1960) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Sydney Swans in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Dennis Carroll	7 November 1960
date of birth	Bernhard Havestadt (b. at Cologne, 27 February 1714; died at Münster after 1778) was a German Jesuit missionary in Chile.	Bernhard Havestadt	1714
date of birth	Gordon Grice (born 1965, Guymon, Oklahoma) is an American nature writer and essayist.	Gordon Grice	1965
date of birth	Iwan Lewis (born 28 December 1988) is a Welsh theatre and film actor.	Iwan Lewis	28 December 1988
date of birth	Karsten Baumann (born 14 October 1969) is a retired German footballer who last managed Hansa Rostock.	Karsten Baumann	14 October 1969
date of birth	Li Ban (李班) (288--334), courtesy name Shiwen (世文), posthumous name initially Crown Prince Li (戾太子), later Emperor Ai of Cheng (Han) (成(漢)哀帝), was briefly an emperor of the Chinese/Ba-Di state Cheng Han.	Li Ban	288
date of birth	Khnata Bennouna (Arabic: خناثة بنونة‎ born in Fès from a four children family, 1940) is a Moroccan author of novels and short stories.	Khnata Bennouna	1940
date of birth	Giuseppe Vitali (26 August 1875 -- 29 February 1932) was an Italian mathematician who worked in several branches of mathematical analysis.	Giuseppe Vitali	26 August 1875
date of birth	Robert L. Henry, Jr. (born 1882, date of death unknown) was an American professor of law.	Robert L. Henry, Jr.	1882
date of birth	Ralf Lübke (born 17 June 1965 in Mülheim an der Ruhr) is a retired West German athlete who specialized in the 200 metres.	Ralf Lübke	17 June 1965
date of birth	Lauren Mote (born 10 February 1997) is a British child actress who has a starring role in the Disney direct to DVD film Tinker Bell and the Great Fairy Rescue.	Lauren Mote	10 February 1997
date of birth	Romek Marber (born 1925) is a freelance designer noted for his work illustrating the covers of Penguin Books.	Romek Marber	1925
date of birth	Sean Ardoin (Lake Charles, Louisiana, 1970) is an American zydeco musician and singer.	Sean Ardoin	1970
date of birth	Helge Lund (born 16 October 1962) is a Norwegian businessman who is the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of BG Group, and the former CEO of Statoil and Aker Kværner.	Helge Lund	16 October 1962
date of birth	Cinzia Fiordeponti, best known as Cinzia De Ponti (born 3 October 1960), is an Italian actress, model and television personality.	Cinzia De Ponti	3 October 1960
date of birth	Aaron Heading (born 21 May 1987 in King's Lynn, Norfolk) is a clay-pigeon shooter from Spalding, specialising in the Trap discipline.	Aaron Heading	21 May 1987
date of birth	Terje Moland Pedersen (born 22 March 1952) is a Norwegian police officer and politician for the Labour Party.	Terje Moland Pedersen	22 March 1952
date of birth	John Walsingham (born 1961) is a British painter, an influential representative of drip painting and founder of Personal Expressionism.	John Walsingham	1961
date of birth	Stefan Szczesny (born 9 April 1951) is a German painter, draughtsman, and sculptor.	Stefan Szczesny	9 April 1951
date of birth	Dr. Reinhard Rauball (born 25 December 1946) is a German politician, member of the SPD, a trained lawyer and football official.	Reinhard Rauball	25 December 1946
date of birth	Joel Lok (born 1994) is an Australian actor based in Melbourne, starring in the recent Australian film, The Home Song Stories, as the young character, Tom.	Joel Lok	1994
date of birth	Hildrun Claus (born 13 May 1939) is a former East German athlete.	Hildrun Claus	13 May 1939
date of birth	Mokgadi Caster Semenya Bronze OIB (born 7 January 1991) is a South African middle-distance runner and world champion.	Caster Semenya	7 January 1991
date of birth	Marc Goossens nicknamed The Goose (born 30 November 1969) is a Belgian professional racing driver who drove in Formula 3000 from 1994 to 1996 and part-time from 1999 to 2001.	Marc Goossens	30 November 1969
date of birth	Colin Taylforth (born 16 September 1953 in Liverpool) is a former pair skater who represented Great Britain.	Colin Taylforth	16 September 1953
date of birth	Charles Rochester Young (1965) is an American composer, music educator, conductor and saxophonist.	Charles Rochester Young	1965
date of birth	Syagrius (430 -- 486 or 487) was the last Roman military commander in Gaul, whose defeat by king Clovis I of the Franks is considered the end of Western Roman rule outside of Italy.	Syagrius	430
date of birth	Park Jung-hwan (born 14 January 1977) is a former South Korean footballer who currently plays for Ansan H FC.	Park Jung-hwan	14 January 1977
date of birth	Phil Borges (born 1942) is a social documentary photographer and filmmaker.	Phil Borges	1942
date of birth	Wu Rong-i (Chinese: 吳榮義; pinyin: Wú Róngyì; born 15 December 1939) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Wu Rong-i	15 December 1939
date of birth	Jacob Mordecai (1762, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania -- 1838, Richmond Virginia) was a pioneer in education, in Colonial America, having established the Warrenton NC Female Seminary, also known as Mordecai's Female Academy.	Jacob Mordecai	1762
date of birth	Hans-Olov Adami (born July 14, 1942) is a Swedish physician, academic and public health researcher.	Hans-Olov Adami	1942
date of birth	Fernando Machado Soares (São Roque do Pico, 3 September 1930 -- 7 December 2014 ), was a Portuguese fado singer, poet, composer, jurist and retired judge.	Fernando Machado Soares	3 September 1930
date of birth	Azmeera Chandulal was born on 17 August 1954 at Jaggannapet in Warangal District in Banjara Community.	Azmeera Chandulal	1954
date of birth	Pope Gregory II (Latin: Gregorius II; 669 -- 11 February 731) was Pope from 19 May 715 to his death in 731.	Pope Gregory II	669
date of birth	Valerie Macon (born 1950) is an American civil servant and poet.	Valerie Macon	1950
date of birth	Edward Wilson Very (October 26, 1847 -- March 1, 1910) was an American naval officer who adopted and popularized a single-shot breech-loading snub-nosed flare gun that fired flares that bear his name (Very lights).	Edward Wilson Very	1847
date of birth	Edith Crash (born 5 October 1983 in Perpignan, France) is a French singer-songwriter, musician and one woman band.	Edith Crash	5 October 1983
date of birth	Chris Levine (born 1960 in Ontario, Canada ) is a UK based artist, working in the field of Light art. Chris Levine uses cross-fertilization across many fields including music, performance, installation, fashion and design in a multitude of collaborative projects.	Chris Levine	1960
date of birth	Johann Baptist Cramer (24 February 1771 -- 16 April 1858) was an English pianist and composer of German origin.	Johann Baptist Cramer	24 February 1771
date of birth	N. Brock Winkless IV (c. 1959 -- July 18, 2015) was an American puppeteer and visual effects technician.	Brock Winkless	1959
date of birth	Christy Moylan (1916-?) was an Irish sportsperson.	Christy Moylan	1916
date of birth	Thomas Goltz (born October 11, 1954) is an American author and journalist best known for his accounts of conflict in the Caucasus region during the 1990s.	Thomas Goltz	1954
date of birth	Paul Biwott (born 18 April 1978) is a Kenyan long-distance runner, who specialises in road running, particularly the marathon.	Paul Biwott	18 April 1978
date of birth	Barbara Szabó (born 17 February 1990) is a Hungarian athlete specialising in the high jump.	Barbara Szabó	17 February 1990
date of birth	Van Ikin (born 25 November 1951) is an academic and science fiction writer and editor.	Van Ikin	25 November 1951
date of birth	Marcel Bout (Dutch pronunciation: (mɑrˈsɛl ˈbʌut); born 18 November 1962) is a Dutch football coach who works as Louis van Gaal's chief opposition scout at Manchester United.	Marcel Bout	18 November 1962
date of birth	Govinda III (793--814 CE) was a famous Rashtrakuta ruler who succeeded his illustrious father Dhruva Dharavarsha.	Govinda III	793
date of birth	Ferdinand A. Hermens (20 December 1906 -- 2 February 1998) was a German-American political scientist and economist.	Ferdinand A. Hermens	20 December 1906
date of birth	Zoran Ljubinković (Serbian Cyrillic: Зopaн Љубинкoвић; born 4 July 1982) is a Serbian professional football player who plays for Rad.	Zoran Ljubinković	4 July 1982
date of birth	Adam Smelczyński (born 14 September 1930) is a Polish trap shooter who competed at six Olympics between 1956 and 1976, winning one silver medal in 1956.	Adam Smelczyński	14 September 1930
date of birth	Nikica Valentić (pronounced (ʋǎleːntit͡ɕ); born 24 November 1950) is a Croatian entrepreneur, lawyer and politician.	Nikica Valentić	24 November 1950
date of birth	Jonathan Gershenzon (* 1955) is an American biochemist.	Jonathan Gershenzon	1955
date of birth	Mark G. Frank (born 1961) is a social psychologist, communication professor, and an internationally recognized expert on human nonverbal communication, emotion, and deception.	Mark G. Frank	1961
date of birth	Abu Ahmad Wali 'l-Dawla Khalaf ibn Ahmad (November 937 -- March 1009) was the Saffarid amir of Sistan from 963 until 1002.	Khalaf ibn Ahmad	November 937
date of birth	Abdelhamid Mehri (April 1926 -- 30 January 2012) was an Algerian resistance fighter, soldier and politician.	Abdelhamid Mehri	April 1926
date of birth	Cornelia Guest (28 November 1963) is a New York socialite, author and the Debutante of the Decade for the 1980s of the International Debutante Ball in New York City.	Cornelia Guest	28 November 1963
date of birth	Serge Girard is a French ultramarathon runner born in 1953.	Serge Girard	1953
date of birth	Cory Woron (born 1969) is a Canadian sportscaster.	Cory Woron	1969
date of birth	Martin Mills (born 12 May 1949) is the founder and chairman of the Beggars Group.	Martin Mills	12 May 1949
date of birth	Colonel Joshua Fry (1699--1754) was a surveyor, adventurer, mapmaker, soldier, and member of the House of Burgesses, the legislature of the colony of Virginia.	Joshua Fry	1699
date of birth	Alexander Graham Cairns-Smith (born 1931) is an organic chemist and molecular biologist at the University of Glasgow.	Graham Cairns-Smith	1931
date of birth	Hermann Erben (15 November 1897 -- 1985) was an Austrian physician who served in the German military intelligence, often assuming the title ``Doctor''.	Hermann Erben	15 November 1897
date of birth	Mao Yuan (茅沅 born 1926 in Jinan) is a Chinese composer.	Mao Yuan	1926
date of birth	Trevor Heath (born 2 March 1952) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Trevor Heath	2 March 1952
date of birth	Meng Hongwei (simplified Chinese: 孟宏伟; traditional Chinese: 孟宏偉; pinyin: Mèng Hóngweǐ; born November 1953) is a politician of People's Republic of China.	Meng Hongwei	November 1953
date of birth	Ana Bešlić (Sárapuszta (Serbian/Bunjevac: Šarapusta) near Bajmok, March 16, 1912 - Belgrade February 27, 2008) was a sculptor from Serbia, originating from Bunjevac/Croat family from Bačka in autonomous province of Vojvodina.	Ana Bešlić	1912
date of birth	Seaton Baxter, OBE (born 1939, Aberdeen, Scotland) is an Emeritus Professor at the Robert Gordon University and Honorary Professor at the University of Dundee where he acts as the head of the Centre for the Study of Natural Design and postgraduate supervisor.	Seaton Baxter	1939
date of birth	Andrew McCowie (born 1875 in Cambuslang, Scotland) was a Scottish footballer who played as a striker for Liverpool F.C. in The Football League.	Andrew McCowie	1875
date of birth	Lin Junsheng (Chinese: 林俊生; pinyin: Lín Jùnshēng; Jyutping: lam4 zeon3 sang1 born 18 January 1985) is a Hong Kong football player.	Lin Junsheng	18 January 1985
date of birth	Drew Daywalt (born January 5, 1970) is an American filmmaker and author, best known for his work on horror films and for writing the best-selling children's book The Day the Crayons Quit.	Drew Daywalt	1970
date of birth	Giulio I Cybo-Malaspina (1525 -- 18 May 1547) was an Italian nobleman, who was marquis of Massa and lord of Carrara from 1546 until 1547.	Giulio I Cybo-Malaspina	1525
date of birth	Colin Lewis (born 27 July 1942) is an ex-professional racing cyclist.	Colin Lewis	27 July 1942
date of birth	Dr. Harold George Jeffcoat (born September 3, 1947, in Nashville, Tennessee) is the 14th president of Millikin University.	Harold George Jeffcoat	1947
date of birth	Antonio de la Calancha (1584--1684) was a pioneering anthropologist studying the South American natives and a senior Augustinian monk.	Antonio de la Calancha	1584
date of birth	Jymie Merritt (born 3 May 1926 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American jazz double-bassist, electric-bass pioneer, band leader and composer.	Jymie Merritt	3 May 1926
date of birth	Michael Avon (born 23 October 1974) was an Australian rules football field umpire in the Australian Football League.	Michael Avon	23 October 1974
date of birth	Natacha Merritt (born 1977) is an American photographer, artist and biologist.	Natacha Merritt	1977
date of birth	Annette Poulsen (born 29 July 1969) is a retired Danish swimmer who won two medals in the 4×200 m freestyle relay at the World and European championships in 1991.	Annette Poulsen	29 July 1969
date of birth	Sverre Quale (born 21 July 1956 in Mo i Rana, Helgeland) is a Norwegian civil servant and businessperson.	Sverre Quale	21 July 1956
date of birth	Liz Fraser (born Elizabeth Joan Winch; 14 August 1930) is a BAFTA-nominated English actress, best known for her comedy roles as a provocative ``dumb blonde'' in British films of the 1950s, '60s and '70s.	Liz Fraser	14 August 1930
date of birth	Bruno Maximus (born 1970) is a Finnish art painter.	Bruno Maximus	1970
date of birth	Brita Olsdotter (fl. 1719) was an old Swedish woman who, according to legend, saved the city of Linköping from being burnt by the Russians during the Great Northern War.	Brita Olsdotter	1719
date of birth	Anna Shaffer (born 15 March 1992) is an English actress, best known for her roles as Ruby Button in teen soap opera Hollyoaks and Romilda Vane in the Harry Potter film series.	Anna Shaffer	15 March 1992
date of birth	Maurice Scully (born 1952) is an Irish poet who works in the modernist tradition.	Maurice Scully	1952
date of birth	Tristan DeVere Cole (also spelled Tristan de vere Cole; born 16 March 1935) is an English television director, now retired, who is believed to be an illegitimate son of the painter Augustus John.	Tristan DeVere Cole	16 March 1935
date of birth	Quentin Fiore (born 1920) is a graphic designer, who has worked mostly in books.	Quentin Fiore	1920
date of birth	Mark Turnbull (born 11 October 1973) is an Australian sailor and Olympic champion.	Mark Turnbull	11 October 1973
date of birth	Ronn McFarlane (born 1953) is an American lutenist and composer.	Ronn McFarlane	1953
date of birth	Edmund Ward Poor (1904--1966) was a co-founder of the Grumman Aircraft Engineering Corporation, serving as its treasurer and director.	Edmund Ward Poor	1904
date of birth	John Richard Anthony Pearson FRS FIMMM MIChemE (born 18 September 1930) is a Scientific Consultant at Schlumberger Cambridge Research and Chairman of the Pearson Publishing Group since 1993.	John Richard Anthony Pearson	18 September 1930
date of birth	Étienne Baudet, an eminent French engraver, was born at Vineuil, in the department of Loir-et-Cher, about 1636.	Étienne Baudet	1636
date of birth	Henryk Wasilewski (19 December 1953 -- 16 July 2012) was a Polish middle distance runner who specialized in the 1500 metres.	Henryk Wasilewski	19 December 1953
date of birth	Tatiana Vedenska (Russian: Татьяна Евгеньевна Веденская; 15 July 1976) is a widely known Russian writer, and novelist.	Tatiana Vedenska	15 July 1976
date of birth	Peretz Lavie (Hebrew: פרץ לביא‎; born 19 February 1949) is the 16th president of Technion - Israel Institute of Technology, having taken the position on October 1, 2009.	Peretz Lavie	19 February 1949
date of birth	Graham Cole OBE (born Graham Coleman-Smith on 16 March 1952) is an English actor.	Graham Cole	16 March 1952
date of birth	Otto III, Count of Waldeck-Landau (c. 1389 -- 1458 or 1459) was the second ruling count of the elder Waldeck-Landau line, which had started.	Otto III, Count of Waldeck	1389
date of birth	Deborah Kass (born 1952) is an American artist whose work explores the intersection of pop culture, art history, and the self.	Deborah Kass	1952
date of birth	Mario Biondi (born Mario Ranno, on 28 January 1971) is an Italian singer.	Mario Biondi	28 January 1971
date of birth	Frederick Pyne (born London 30 December 1936) is an actor best known for his role as Matt Skilbeck on the ITV soap Emmerdale Farm from 1972--1989.	Frederick Pyne	30 December 1936
date of birth	Gian Luigi Nespoli (1936--2007) was an Italian born Cuban poet, writer and translator.	Gian Luigi Nespoli	1936
date of birth	Giovanni Piccolomo, simply known as Giovanni (born 4 April 1994 in São Paulo), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Tigres do Brasil on loan from Corinthians.	Giovanni Piccolomo	4 April 1994
date of birth	Seán Ó Conghaile (born 1903; date of death unknown) was an Irish writer.	Seán Ó Conghaile	1903
date of birth	Thomas C. Hubbard (born 1943 in Kentucky) is a diplomat and former U.S. Ambassador to the Philippines (1996--2000) and South Korea (2001--04).	Thomas C. Hubbard	1943
date of birth	Cornet George Joyce (born 1618) was an officer in the Parliamentary New Model Army during the English Civil War.	George Joyce	1618
date of birth	Antonella Lualdi (born 6 July 1931) is an Italian actress and singer.	Antonella Lualdi	6 July 1931
date of birth	Richard E. Albert, known traditionally as Dick Albert (born 1945) was the co-chief meteorologist on WCVB-TV, channel 5, in Boston, Massachusetts along with Harvey Leonard.	Dick Albert	1945
date of birth	Gjert Kristoffersen (born 13 August 1949 in Arendal) is a Norwegian linguist, a phonetician and a professor at the University of Bergen.	Gjert Kristoffersen	13 August 1949
date of birth	Michael Swerdlow (born 1943) is a real estate developer responsible for many large-scale projects in South Florida.	Michael Swerdlow	1943
date of birth	Narender K. Sehgal (born 7 November 1940) is an Indian physicist, scientific administrator, and science populariser.	Narender K. Sehgal	7 November 1940
date of birth	Kittiratt Na-Ranong (Thai: กิตติรัตน์ ณ ระนอง; born 3 August 1958) is a Thai manager and politician.	Kittiratt Na-Ranong	3 August 1958
date of birth	Charles Hopel Brown, aka ``Charlie Brown'', was born on 9 October 1964 at Morant Bay, Saint Thomas Parish, Jamaica.	Charles Hopel Brown	9 October 1964
date of birth	Alissandra Cummins (born 30 October 1958) was the Chairperson of the UNESCO Executive Board (2011-2013).	Alissandra Cummins	30 October 1958
date of birth	Max Wehrli (17 September 1909 -- December 18, 1998) was a Swiss literary scholar and Germanist.	Max Wehrli	17 September 1909
date of birth	Vladimir Paar (born 1942) is a Croatian physicist and university professor.	Vladimir Paar	1942
date of birth	Zhuge Liang (181 -- 8 October 234), courtesy name Kongming, was a chancellor of the state of Shu Han during the Three Kingdoms period.	Zhuge Liang	181
date of birth	Karim Raeisinia (Persian: کریم رئیسی‌نیا‎; born 1930 in Tehran) was an Iranian deaf Wrestler and Deaflympics Gold-Medalist.	Karim Raeisinia	1930
date of birth	Jacques de Saint-Luc (baptized 19 September 1616 -- ca. 1710) was a Flemish lutenist and composer.	Jacques de Saint-Luc	1616
date of birth	Liu Fulian (Chinese: 刘福连; pinyin: Liú Fúlián; born 1953) is a general (shang jiang) of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) of China, serving since 2015 as the Political Commissar of the Ground Force Command of the People's Liberation Army.	Liu Fulian	1953
date of birth	Kurt Caselli (June 30, 1983 -- November 15, 2013) was an American off-road motorcycle racer.	Kurt Caselli	1983
date of birth	Bob Elkins was born in 1932 in Mount Hope, West Virginia, the son of a struggling coal miner.	Bob Elkins	1932
date of birth	Charles James Dugdale, 2nd Baron Crathorne KCVO KStJ FSA FRSA (born 12 September 1939) was Lord Lieutenant of North Yorkshire from 1999 until 2014.	James Dugdale, 2nd Baron Crathorne	12 September 1939
date of birth	John Thurnam (28 December 1810 -- 24 September 1873) was an English psychiatrist, archaeologist, and ethnologist.	John Thurnam	28 December 1810
date of birth	Peter W. Ochs (born 1950) is the Edgar M. Bronfman Professor of Modern Judaic Studies at the University of Virginia, where he has served since 1997.	Peter W. Ochs	1950
date of birth	Fred Rogers Fairchild (1877--1966) was an American economist and educator.	Fred Rogers Fairchild	1877
date of birth	Huub Duyn (born 1 September 1984 in Onderdijk, North Holland) is a Dutch racing cyclist who rides for Roompot Orange Cycling.	Huub Duyn	1 September 1984
date of birth	Riitta Karjalainen (born 1968) is a Finnish orienteering and ski-orienteering competitor.	Riitta Karjalainen	1968
date of birth	Bradford Gowen (b. Nov. 11, 1946) has received national attention since winning first prize in the 1978 Kennedy Center/Rockefeller Foundation International Competition for Excellence in the Performance of American Music.	Bradford Gowen	1946
date of birth	Baba Harbhajan Singh was born into a Sikh family on 3 August 1941 in the village of Batthe Bhaini in Punjab (India).	Baba Harbhajan Singh	3 August 1941
date of birth	Max Brody (born Matthew Woods Brody, 1969) is an American musician based outside of Austin, Texas, best known as the one-time percussionist/saxophonist for the hard rock band Ministry.	Max Brody	1969
date of birth	Giannis Stamatakis (Greek: Γιάννης Σταματάκης; born 26 June 1994) is a Greek footballer currently playing for Panelefsiniakos in the Football League.	Giannis Stamatakis	26 June 1994
date of birth	Papaflessas (Greek: Παπαφλέσσας; 1788--1825), born Georgios Dimitrios Flessas (Γεώργιος Δημήτριος Φλέσσας), was a Greek patriot, priest, and government official of the old Flessas Family.	Papaflessas	1788
date of birth	Marit Holtklimpen, married Sektnan (born 20 April 1959) is a retired Norwegian long-distance runner.	Marit Holtklimpen	20 April 1959
date of birth	David Odonkor (German pronunciation: (ˈdeːvɪd ʔoˈdɔŋkoːɐ̯); born 21 February 1984) is a German former footballer who played mainly as a right winger, and the current manager of TuS Dornberg.	David Odonkor	21 February 1984
date of birth	Roger von Gunten (born 1933) is an artist and sculptor, originally from Zurich, but in 1980 became a naturalized Mexican citizen.	Roger von Gunten	1933
date of birth	Ann-Christine Nyström (born 26 July 1944, Helsinki) is a Finnish singer who performed on the Eurovision contest in 1966 in Luxembourg with the song ``Playboy''.	Ann-Christine Nyström	26 July 1944
date of birth	Muhammad Dilawar Khanji (Urdu:محمد دلاور خان جی), (born 27 February 1915-died 1989) was a Pakistani politician who was 11th Governor of Sindh from 1 March 1976 to 5 July 1977.	Muhammad Dilawar Khanji	27 February 1915
date of birth	Giovanni Antonelli (1 October 1818 -- 14 January 1872) was an Italian scientist, astronomer and engineer.	Giovanni Antonelli	1 October 1818
date of birth	Saw Yi Khy (born 1 July 1986) is a Malaysian former swimmer, who specialised in long-distance freestyle events.	Saw Yi Khy	1 July 1986
date of birth	Rudolf Doležal (19 July 1916 in Horka nad Moravou, Moravia - 2002 in Olomouc) was a Czech sculptor and medalist, author of many sculptures in Moravian towns and villages.	Rudolf Doležal	19 July 1916
date of birth	Paul Jolicoeur (born 1945) is a Québecois professor and doctor.	Paul Jolicoeur	1945
date of birth	Bernard Parker Haigh, MBE (8 July 1884 - 18 January 1941) was a professor of applied mechanics at the Royal Naval College in Greenwich.	Bernard Parker Haigh	8 July 1884
date of birth	Allan Guthrie (born Allan Buchan 5 June 1965) is a Scottish literary agent, author and editor of crime fiction.	Allan Guthrie	5 June 1965
date of birth	Walter Rowlands (1888 -- unknown) was an English footballer who played for Stoke.	Walter Rowlands	1888
date of birth	Rama Chandra Mouli (born 8 July 1950) is a famous writer/poet, professor and assistant principal at Ganapathy Engineering College in India.	Rama Chandra Mouli	8 July 1950
date of birth	Petrus Gyllius or Gillius (or Pierre Gilles) (1490--1555) was a French natural scientist, topographer and translator.	Petrus Gyllius	1490
date of birth	Jimmy Prendergast (born 1949 in Oulart, County Wexford) was an Irish sportsperson.	Jimmy Prendergast	1949
date of birth	Carlo Gambacorti-Passerini (born 26 August 1957) is an Italian oncologist and hematologist known for his contributions to cancer research.	Carlo Gambacorti-Passerini	26 August 1957
date of birth	David Charles Harvey (29 July 1946 -- 4 March 2004) was an historian and author born in East Ham, London.	David Charles Harvey	1946
date of birth	Ian Bleasdale (born 1950) is a British actor and television presenter.	Ian Bleasdale	1950
date of birth	Roland Mertelsmann (born 5 October 1944, Hameln) is a German hematologist and oncologist.	Roland Mertelsmann	5 October 1944
date of birth	Rupert Wainwright (born 30 November 1961) is an English film and television director, writer, and actor.	Rupert Wainwright	30 November 1961
date of birth	Mohamed El-Aqabawy (Arabic: محمد العقباوي‎) (born 3 March 1979) is an Egyptian Goalkeeper player.	Mohamed El-Aqabawy	3 March 1979
date of birth	Alex Wharton (born 1939), later also known as Alex Murray, was part of the singing duo the Most Brothers with Mickie Most, and later, co-manager and producer of the Moody Blues.	Alex Wharton	1939
date of birth	Farid Rastagar (Persian: فريد رستگار‎)(born 26. March 1963) is from Panjshir, a singer, music arranger, and composer.	Farid Rastagar	1963
date of birth	Lily Ann Granderson, born a slave in Virginia in 1816, was a pioneering educator.	Lily Ann Granderson	1816
date of birth	Samuel Inkoom (born 1 June 1989) is a Ghanaian international professional footballer who plays as a defender for Antalyaspor.	Samuel Inkoom	1 June 1989
date of birth	Adam Khoo Yean Ann (traditional Chinese: 邱緣安; simplified Chinese: 邱缘安; pinyin: Qiū Yuán'ān) (born 8 April 1974) is a Singaporean serial entrepreneur, author, trainer and a professional stocks and FX trader.	Adam Khoo	8 April 1974
date of birth	Rose Marie Pangborn (1932-1990) was an American scientist, born in Las Cruces, New Mexico.	Rose Marie Pangborn	1932
date of birth	Doha Kang (Hangul: 강도하; born 1969) is a manhwa artist of South Korea.	Doha Kang	1969
date of birth	Glen Luchford (born 1968) is a British fashion photographer and film director.	Glen Luchford	1968
date of birth	Rob Prosser (born 8 July 1964) is a former Australian rules football player, who played two games for the Sydney Swans in 1985.	Rob Prosser	8 July 1964
date of birth	Jackson Appleyard (birth registered April→June 1931 (age 84--85)) birth registered in Pontefract district, is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s, playing at club level for Castleford.	Jackson Appleyard	1931
date of birth	Kerry Wilkinson (born 4 November 1980) is a British author and sports journalist born in Bath, Somerset.	Kerry Wilkinson	4 November 1980
date of birth	Bregje Heinen (5 March 1993) is a Dutch model.	Bregje Heinen	5 March 1993
date of birth	André Ducharme (23 July 1961) is a Québécois author, comedian and humorist.	André Ducharme	23 July 1961
date of birth	Muqeem Khan (Urdu: مقیم خان‎) (born 1968) is the first Pakistani who started working in the Hollywood visual effects industry in 1996.	Muqeem Khan	1968
date of birth	Hans Wiklund (born 17 September 1964) is a Swedish journalist, movie-critic and TV-show host.	Hans Wiklund	17 September 1964
date of birth	Carlos Gurpegui Nausia (alternate spelling Gurpegi; born 19 August 1980) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Athletic Bilbao as a central defender or a defensive midfielder.	Carlos Gurpegui	19 August 1980
date of birth	Pierre-Eugène Secrétan, (1836, Saulx -- 1899, Dives-sur-Mer), was a French industrialist and art collector.	Eugène Secrétan	1836
date of birth	Francesco Guidolin (Italian pronunciation: (franˈtʃesko ɡwidoˈlin); born 3 October 1955) is an Italian football manager and former player, who is currently head coach of Premier League team Swansea City.	Francesco Guidolin	3 October 1955
date of birth	John Carne was born on 18 June 1789, in Penzance, Cornwall, the fourth son of five known children of the family.	John Carne	18 June 1789
date of birth	Max Baldwin (born 1928) is an Australian canoeist who competed in the 1950s.	Max Baldwin	1928
date of birth	Armin Kircher (1966 -- 12 October 2015) was an Austrian composer and conductor.	Armin Kircher	1966
date of birth	Sir John Bourn KCB (born 21 February 1934) is a former Comptroller and Auditor General (C&AG) (therefore a former head of the National Audit Office).	John Bourn	21 February 1934
date of birth	Klaus Gerwien (born 11 September 1940 in Lyck, East Prussia, now Ełk, Poland) is a retired German football player.	Klaus Gerwien	11 September 1940
date of birth	Matt Bishop, who was born in London in 1962, is Group Head of Communications and Public Relations for McLaren, which position he took up in January 2008.	Matt Bishop	1962
date of birth	(Thomas) Gabriel Read (c.1824 -- 31 October 1894) was a Tasmanian gold prospector born between 1824 and 1826.	Gabriel Read	1824
date of birth	Oja Kodar (OY-ah ko-DAHR; born 1941) is a Croatian actress, screenwriter and director, best known as Orson Welles' partner for the last 24 years of his life.	Oja Kodar	1941
date of birth	Greg Harlow (born 6 July 1968) is an English indoor bowls player.	Greg Harlow	6 July 1968
date of birth	James Stonnes (b. 1513; d. after 1585) was an English Catholic priest, active in northern England.	James Stonnes	1513
date of birth	Alex Outhred (born 1977) was an Australian actor.	Alex Outhred	1977
date of birth	Sandhya Agarwal (born 9 May 1963) is a former captain of the Indian women's cricket team.	Sandhya Agarwal	9 May 1963
date of birth	Angus Monfries (born 19 January 1987) is an Australian rules footballer currently playing for the Port Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League.	Angus Monfries	19 January 1987
date of birth	Tim Vincent (born Timothy Russell Walker on 4 November 1972) is a Welsh actor and television presenter, best known for appearing on children's programme Blue Peter between 1993 and 1997.	Tim Vincent	4 November 1972
date of birth	Olga Medvedeva (born 22 March 1987) is a Russian team handball player from Astrakhan, former Junior World Champion for Russia, and currently playing for the Norwegian club Larvik HK.	Olga Medvedeva	22 March 1987
date of birth	Jimmy Hannan (born August 1934) is a Gold Logie-winning Australian variety show host, singer and entertainer and game show host.	Jimmy Hannan	1934
date of birth	Guido Werdnig (Ratschach, 20 June 1844 -- 26 April 1919) was an Austrian neurologist associated with University of Vienna.	Guido Werdnig	20 June 1844
date of birth	Anne Collier (born Los Angeles, 1970) is an American visual artist working with appropriated photographic images.	Anne Collier	1970
date of birth	Willy Adolfo Topp Bravo (born 4 March 1986), commonly known as Willy Topp or sometimes Billy Topp, is a Chilean footballer who played as striker.	Willy Topp	4 March 1986
date of birth	Anton Otulakowski (born 29 January 1956) is an English former footballer who played in The Football League for Barnsley, Crystal Palace, Millwall, Southend United and West Ham United.	Anton Otulakowski	29 January 1956
date of birth	Joyce Aiken (born 1931) is an American feminist art historian, artist, and educator.	Joyce Aiken	1931
date of birth	Mamadou Diabaté (born 1975) is a kora player.	Mamadou Diabaté	1975
date of birth	Choi Gee-sung (born 2 February 1951) is President and Chief Executive of the digital media division at Samsung Electronics, overseeing the third-largest business group of the South Korean company, which includes televisions, flat-panel screens, MP3 players, personal computers, and other consumer electronics.	Choi Gee-sung	2 February 1951
date of birth	Reg Johanson (born in 1968 in Leduc) is a composition and literature instructor, poet and essayist.	Reg Johanson	1968
date of birth	José Hawilla (born 11 July 1943) is a Brazilian businessman, the owner and founder of Traffic Group, a multinational sports marketing conglomerate.	José Hawilla	11 July 1943
date of birth	Percy Greenbank (24 January 1878 -- 9 December 1968) was an English lyricist, best known for his contribution of lyrics to a number of successful Edwardian musical comedies in the early years of the 20th century.	Percy Greenbank	24 January 1878
date of birth	Kanako Enomoto (榎本 加奈子 Enomoto Kanako, born 29 September 1980) is a Japanese actress.	Kanako Enomoto	29 September 1980
date of birth	Anna Pfeffer (born 31 August 1945) is a Hungarian sprint canoeist who competed from the late 1960s to the late 1970s.	Anna Pfeffer	31 August 1945
date of birth	Sándor Fábry (born 20 November 1953) is a Hungarian comedian, talk show host, and writer.	Sándor Fábry	20 November 1953
date of birth	Teodor Anghelini, (born 9 March 1954 in Braşov), is a retired Romanian football player and coach.	Teodor Anghelini	9 March 1954
date of birth	Henry Grunfeld (born Heinrich Grünfeld; 1 June 1904 -- 10 June 1999) was a prominent individual in the development of investment banking and the growth of London as a financial centre following the Second World War.	Henry Grunfeld	1 June 1904
date of birth	Gaspare Traversi (c. 1722 -- 1 November 1770) was an Italian Rococo painter best known for his genre works.	Gaspare Traversi	1722
date of birth	Ezequiel Calvente Criado (born 12 January 1991), known simply as Ezequiel, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Hungarian club Békéscsaba 1912 Előre as a left winger.	Ezequiel Calvente	12 January 1991
date of birth	Carlos Eduardo Santos Oliveira or simply Eduardo (born 20 November 1986), is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Atlético Paranaense, on loan from Criciúma, as a right back.	Carlos Eduardo Santos Oliveira	20 November 1986
date of birth	Nasir Abbas Nayyar was born on 25 April 1965 in a village of Jhang.he did his matriculation from Govt. High School Shorkot in 1981.	Nasir Abbas Nayyar	25 April 1965
date of birth	Anton Pius Riegel or Rigel (Latin: Antonius Pius de Riegel; 1789 - ?) was an Austrian architect of the 19th century.	Anton Pius Riegel	1789
date of birth	Catharine Edith Philippa Powys (/ˈpoʊ.ɪs/; 8 May 1886 -- 11 January 1963) was a British novelist and poet, and a member of one of the most distinguished families in modern literature.	Philippa Powys	8 May 1886
date of birth	Avraham Sinai (Arabic: افراهام سيناء Hebrew: אברהם סיני born 1962) is a Lebanese Shia Muslim who converted to Judaism.	Avraham Sinai	1962
date of birth	Princess Aida Desta (8 April 1927 -- 15 January 2013) (Baptismal name Bisrate Gabriel), was the eldest granddaughter of Emperor Haile Selassie of Ethiopia, daughter of Ras Desta Damtew and Princess Tenagnework.	Aida Desta	8 April 1927
date of birth	Tristram Randolph Kidder (born 1960) is an archaeologist and geologist specializing in the evolution of human societies in Southeastern United States, especially Poverty Point, Louisiana.	Tristram Randolph Kidder	1960
date of birth	Michael J. Freeman (born in 1947 at Bronx, New York City, United States) is an American inventor, business consultant, entrepreneur, educator, and author.	Michael J. Freeman	1947
date of birth	Nick Meglin, born in 1935, was a member of the Mad editorial staff for 48 years.	Nick Meglin	1935
date of birth	David Worrell (born 12 January 1978) is an Irish footballer who played as a right back.	David Worrell	12 January 1978
date of birth	Paul Affleck (born 25 June 1966) is a Welsh professional golfer who has played on the European Tour.	Paul Affleck	25 June 1966
date of birth	Flemming Christensen (born 10 April 1958) is a Danish former football (soccer) player and current manager of Adeccoligaen club Vard Haugesund.	Flemming Christensen	10 April 1958
date of birth	Jayasundara Mudiyanselage Ananda Kumarasiri (born 25 March 1954) is a Sri Lankan United National Party politician and current member of parliament for Monaragala District.	Ananda Kumarasiri	25 March 1954
date of birth	Delia Velculescu (born in 1975) is a Romanian economist and the current IMF mission chief in Greece.	Delia Velculescu	1975
date of birth	Sophie Carrigill (born 19 January 1994) is a 1.0 point British wheelchair basketball player who represented Great Britain at the 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship in Toronto.	Sophie Carrigill	19 January 1994
date of birth	Karin Mayr-Krifka (born 4 June 1971 in St. Valentin) is a retired Austrian sprinter who specialized in the 100 and 200 metres.	Karin Mayr-Krifka	4 June 1971
date of birth	Jack Katz (born c. 1943) is an American businessman and the founder and chief executive officer of the Panama Jack Company.	Jack Katz	1943
date of birth	Finn Olav Gundelach (23 April 1925 - 13 January 1981) was a Danish diplomat and European Commissioner.	Finn Olav Gundelach	23 April 1925
date of birth	Diego Masson (born 21 June 1935 in Tossa de Mar, Spain) is a French conductor, composer, and percussionist.	Diego Masson	21 June 1935
date of birth	Robert A. Haag (born 1956) is an American famous for collecting meteorites.	Robert A. Haag	1956
date of birth	Simon Gales was born in Suffolk in 1964 and graduated from Goldsmiths College in 1988 achieving the joint highest 1st degree in a year that included most of the prominent YBAs including Gary Hume, Michael Landy and Ian Davenport.	Simon Gales	1964
date of birth	Jay Musler is an American glass artist who was born in Sacramento, California in 1949.	Jay Musler	1949
date of birth	Daryl Impey (born 6 December 1984) is a South African professional road cyclist riding for UCI ProTeam Orica--	Daryl Impey	6 December 1984
date of birth	Egon Schulte (born January 7, 1955 in Heggen (Kreis Olpe), Germany) is a mathematician and a professor of Mathematics at Northeastern University in Boston.	Egon Schulte	1955
date of birth	Anthony Marais (born 1966, Hollywood, California) is an American novelist, screenwriter and musician.	Anthony Marais	1966
date of birth	'Abd al-Jabbar ibn Ahmad ibn 'Abd al-Jabbar al-HamaJani al-Asadabadi, Abu 'l-Hasan (935 - 1025) was a Mu'tazilite theologian, a follower of the Shafi'i school.	Abd al-Jabbar ibn Ahmad	935
date of birth	Shoshana Riseman (born 10 April 1948) is an Israeli music educator, stage director and composer.	Shoshana Riseman	10 April 1948
date of birth	Nathan Jurevicius (born 1973) is an Australian artist working in a variety of media including illustration, designer toys, online games and animation.	Nathan Jurevicius	1973
date of birth	Manolo Guindani (born 12 January 1971 in Cremona) is an Italian manager and retired footballer.	Manolo Guindani	12 January 1971
date of birth	Kjersti Elvik (born 9 March 1969) is a Norwegian actress, born in Bergen.	Kjersti Elvik	9 March 1969
date of birth	Mark Clifton (1906--1963) was an American science fiction writer, the co-winner of the second Hugo Award for best novel.	Mark Clifton	1906
date of birth	Costas or Kostas Sommer (Greek: Κώστας Σόμμερ; born 17 May 1975) is a Greek model and actor who has appeared in numerous movies and TV shows.	Kostas Sommer	17 May 1975
date of birth	Liam Shephard (born 22 November 1994) is a Welsh professional footballer who plays for Swansea City.	Liam Shephard	22 November 1994
date of birth	Declan Lynch (born 1961) is an Irish journalist, writer and playwright.	Declan Lynch	1961
date of birth	Samuli Laiho (born 1969 in Tampere) is a Finnish guitarist.	Samuli Laiho	1969
date of birth	Zareh Moskofian (Born Izmit, Ottoman Empire 1898 -- died Lyon, France 1987) was an Ottoman painter of Armenian descent.	Zareh Moskofian	1898
date of birth	Michael Tolcher (born c. 1973) is an American singer-songwriter who blends pop, blues, and urban grooves.	Michael Tolcher	1973
date of birth	Kader Zitouni (born in 1981) is a football referee comes from French Polynesia.	Kader Zitouni	1981
date of birth	Keith Tate ( 30 January 1945 ) birth registered in Lower Agbrigg, is an English amateur and professional bantamweight boxer of the 1960s, and current boxing trainer.	Keith Tate	30 January 1945
date of birth	Ross Warneke (5 April 1952 -- 25 August 2006) was an Australian journalist and broadcaster in Melbourne, most recently involved in commentary on television.	Ross Warneke	5 April 1952
date of birth	Ekow Eshun (born 27 May 1968) is a Ghanaian-British writer, journalist, and broadcaster.	Ekow Eshun	27 May 1968
date of birth	Seánie McMahon (born 1973 in Ennis, County Clare) is a former Irish sportsman.	Seánie McMahon	1973
date of birth	Margot Bengtsson (born 1943) is a Swedish social psychologist, considered to be one of the leading gender studies academics of Scandinavia.	Margot Bengtsson	1943
date of birth	Ivan Ognyanov Yanchev (Bulgarian: Иван Огнянов Янчев) (born 20 March 1988) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a striker for Marek.	Ivan Ognyanov Yanchev	20 March 1988
date of birth	James William Bellamy, BD, FRS (15 November 1788 -- 11 Mar 1874) was Headmaster of Merchant Taylors' School, Northwood for 26 years.	James William Bellamy	15 November 1788
date of birth	Moritz, Prince of Dietrichstein (Moritz Joseph Johann; 19 February 1775 -- 29 August 1864), was a German prince member of the House of Dietrichstein, 10th and last Prince (Fürst) of Dietrichstein zu Nikolsburg, Count of Proskau-Leslie, Baron (Freiherr) of Hollenburg, Finkenstein and Thalberg.	Moritz, Prince of Dietrichstein	19 February 1775
date of birth	Brendan Foster CBE (born 12 January 1948) is a British former long-distance runner who founded the Great North Run.	Brendan Foster	12 January 1948
date of birth	Mary FitzMaurice, 4th Countess of Orkney (4 September 1755 -- 30 December 1831) was a Scottish peer, the only surviving child of Murrough O'Brien, 1st Marquess of Thomond and Mary O'Brien, 3rd Countess of Orkney.	Mary FitzMaurice, 4th Countess of Orkney	4 September 1755
date of birth	Deepak Pental (born 1951) is a Professor of Genetics and the Ex Vice Chancellor at the University of Delhi.	Deepak Pental	1951
date of birth	Richard Losick (born 1943) is an American molecular biologist whose research interests include RNA polymerase, sigma factors, regulation of gene transcription, and bacterial development, being especially noted for his investigations of endospore formation in Gram positive organisms such as Bacillus subtilis.	Richard Losick	1943
date of birth	Guram Sharadze (Georgian: გურამ შარაძე) (17 October 1940 -- 20 May 2007) was a Georgian philologist, historian, and politician.	Guram Sharadze	17 October 1940
date of birth	Henrietta Kelemen (born 1994) is a Hungarian model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Hungary 2014 and represented Hungary in Miss Universe 2014 pageant.	Henrietta Kelemen	1994
date of birth	Kevin McGowin (1970, Birmingham, Alabama -- January 18, 2005, Birmingham) was an American writer, college teacher and typewriter enthusiast.	Kevin McGowin	1970
date of birth	J. Max Bond, Sr. (1902--1991) was an American educator who was President of the University of Liberia during the 1950s.	J. Max Bond, Sr.	1902
date of birth	Jordi Escura Aixas (born 19 April 1980) is a footballer.	Jordi Escura	19 April 1980
date of birth	Leobardo López Aretche (Mexico City, 1942 -- July 24, 1970) was a Mexican film director	Leobardo López Aretche	1942
date of birth	Tan Sri Lim Phaik Gan, known as P. G. Lim, (1915 -- May 7, 2013) was a British-born Malaysian lawyer and diplomat.	P. G. Lim	1915
date of birth	Stranger Cole, also known as StrangeJah Cole (born Wilburn Theodore Cole, 1945) is a Jamaican singer whose long recording career dates from the early days of ska in 1962 through to the 2000s.	Stranger Cole	1945
date of birth	Gordon Clydesdale (born 28 May 1938) was a Scottish footballer who played for St Mirren and Dumbarton.	Gordon Clydesdale	28 May 1938
date of birth	Alf Arrowsmith (born 11 December 1942 in Ashton-under-Lyne, Lancashire - died May 2005) was an English footballer.	Alf Arrowsmith	11 December 1942
date of birth	Sebastián Borensztein (born in Buenos Aires on 22 April 1963) is an Argentine writer and director.	Sebastián Borensztein	22 April 1963
date of birth	Thomas J. Euteneuer (born 1962 in Detroit, Michigan) is a Catholic priest of the Diocese of Palm Beach, Florida and a pro-life activist.	Thomas J. Euteneuer	1962
date of birth	Rex Sinquefield (born 1944) is an American financial executive, active in Missouri politics and philanthropic causes.	Rex Sinquefield	1944
date of birth	Ann Rivers (born 1968) is an American politician, who has served as a Republican member of the Washington State Senate since she was appointed to represent the 18th district in 2011, upon the resignation of Joe Zarelli.	Ann Rivers	1968
date of birth	Nicholas van Hoogstraten (born Nicholas Marcel Hoogstraten; 25 February 1945) is a self-made British businessman and real estate magnate.	Nicholas van Hoogstraten	25 February 1945
date of birth	Isileli Tupou also known as Kaiongo Tupou (born 26 October 1984) in Tofua, Tonga) is a rugby union player who plays at center.	Isileli Tupou	26 October 1984
date of birth	Derek Lambie (born 10 December 1975) is the former editor of the Scottish edition of the Sunday Express (2002 - 2012).	Derek Lambie	10 December 1975
date of birth	Shafiq-ul-Haq (also known as Shafiqueul Haque; born 1946) was a Bangladeshi cricket player who played in the 1979 ICC Trophy and the 1982 ICC Trophy in England.	Shafiq-ul-Haq	1946
date of birth	Elizabeth Pease Nichol (5 January 1807 -- 3 February 1897) was an abolitionist, anti-segregationist, woman suffragist, chartist and anti-vivisectionist in 19th century Great Britain.	Elizabeth Pease Nichol	5 January 1807
date of birth	Steph Bowe (born 1994 in Melbourne, Australia) is a writer and blogger.	Steph Bowe	1994
date of birth	Asghar Sadri (Persian: اصغر صدری‎‎; born 2 October 1957) is a former Iranian football player.	Asghar Sadri	2 October 1957
date of birth	His Royal Highness Prince Hso Khan Pha of Yawnghwe, FIASR (aka Tiger) (born 15 April 1938 in Yawnghwe State, British Burma) is a consulting geologist who lives in exile in Canada.	Hso Khan Pha	15 April 1938
date of birth	Michal Amdursky (Hebrew: מיכל אמדורסקי‎; born in 1975) is an Israeli dancer and singer.	Michal Amdursky	1975
date of birth	Lieutenant General Derrick Mgwebi (born 1956) is a South African military commander, serving as Director of the Joint Operations Division.	Derrick Mgwebi	1956
date of birth	Andrew Riley (born 6 September 1988) is a Jamaican sprinter, mainly competing in the 110 m hurdles and more recently 100 metres.	Andrew Riley	6 September 1988
date of birth	Born in Texas probably in 1830, Randolph Runnels was a nephew of Hiram Georges Runnels.	Randolph Runnels	1830
date of birth	Anthony Moore (also known as Anthony More) (born 13 August 1948) is a British experimental music composer, performer and producer.	Anthony Moore	1948
date of birth	Padraic Colum (8 December 1881 -- 11 January 1972) was an Irish poet, novelist, dramatist, biographer, playwright, children's author and collector of folklore.	Padraic Colum	8 December 1881
date of birth	Cici Chen (Chinese: 陳娜良子), born in 1985, won Miss Shanghai in 2003 and Miss Chinese Vancouver in 2008, and Miss Chinese International Pageant 2009 second runner-up.	Cici Chen	1985
date of birth	Almanbet Matubraimovich Matubraimov (Алманбет Матубраимович Матубраимов) (born 1952) served as a Speaker of the Supreme Council of Kyrgyzstan and briefly the acting Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan.	Almanbet Matubraimov	1952
date of birth	Gareth Peirce (born 1940) is a British solicitor and human rights activist.	Gareth Peirce	1940
date of birth	Victor Ginzburg (born 1957) is a Russian American mathematician who works in representation theory and in noncommutative geometry.	Victor Ginzburg	1957
date of birth	David Ford (born 24 February 1951) is a politician who is a member of the Northern Ireland Assembly.	David Ford	24 February 1951
date of birth	Jeroen de Vries (born 16 July 1971, Sint Nicolaasga?) is a Dutch marathon speed skater.	Jeroen de Vries	16 July 1971
date of birth	Jenny McLoughlin (born 3 October 1991) is a British Paralympian track and field athlete competing mainly in T37 sprint events.	Jenny McLoughlin	3 October 1991
date of birth	Deng Mengrong (鄧猛榮; born 5 March 1990) is a Chinese weighlifter.	Deng Mengrong	5 March 1990
date of birth	Brian Bram (born May 9, 1955 in Chicago), raised in Deerfield, Illinois, played a minor role in the underground comix movement with his contributions to American Splendor, the comic book series written and published by Harvey Pekar.	Brian Bram	1955
date of birth	Angela Rayner (born 1980) is a British Labour politician and a former trade union official.	Angela Rayner	1980
date of birth	Guillermina Bravo Montaño (born 27 July 1949) is a Colombian teacher and politician of the Independent Movement of Absolute Renovation (MIRA) party.	Guillermina Bravo Montaño	27 July 1949
date of birth	Benjamin Bagby (born 20 February 1950) is a singer, composer, harpist, and performer of medieval music.	Benjamin Bagby	20 February 1950
date of birth	Michael Feuchtmayer (1667--??) was a member of the Feuchtmayer family of Baroque artists of the German Wessobrunner School.	Michael Feuchtmayer	1667
date of birth	Sir Peter le Page Renouf was born in Guernsey on 23 August 1822.	Peter le Page Renouf	23 August 1822
date of birth	David Henrard (born 13 April 1973), also known by his stage name JD Davis and Dave Davis, is a Belgian musician and started his career in music at the age of 17 when he moved to Antwerp to work at Bonzai Records.	JD Davis	13 April 1973
date of birth	Darrel Waggoner (Born 1966) is a professor of human genetics and pediatrics at the Pritzker School of Medicine, and is the director of Human Genetics at University of Chicago.	Darrel Waggoner	1966
date of birth	Jacques Barbel (c. 1670 -- 30 July 1740) was a French soldier in Canada who stayed in the country and became a part of the history of Quebec.	Jacques Barbel	1670
date of birth	Jürgen Himmelbauer (born 20 November 1958 died 13 January 2013) was an Austrian politician.	Jürgen Himmelbauer	20 November 1958
date of birth	Guo Zhenggang (simplified Chinese: 郭正钢; traditional Chinese: 郭正鋼; pinyin: Guō Zhènggāng; born January 1970) is a former major general of the People's Liberation Army.	Guo Zhenggang	1970
date of birth	Zacharie Myboto (born 1938) is a Gabonese politician and President of the National Union (UN), an opposition party.	Zacharie Myboto	1938
date of birth	Ihor Maliar (Ukrainian: Ігор Маляр; Russian: Игорь Маляр; born 5 August 1971) is a Ukrainian former pair skater.	Ihor Maliar	5 August 1971
date of birth	Mahmoud Abdel Razek Fadlallah (Egyptian Arabic: محمود عبد الرازق ``شيكابالا'' IPA: (mæħˈmuːd ʕæbdelˈɾæːzeʔ, -eɾˈɾæː- fɑdˈlɑllɑ); born 5 March 1986), commonly known as Shikabala (IPA: (ʃikæˈbæːlæ)) is an Egyptian footballer who currently plays for Egyptian clubZamalek SC.	Shikabala	5 March 1986
date of birth	Boman Irani (born 2 December 1959) is an Indian film and theatre actor, voice artist and photographer.	Boman Irani	2 December 1959
date of birth	Anísio da Rocha (born 13 October 1912) was a Brazilian modern pentathlete and equestrian.	Anísio da Rocha	13 October 1912
date of birth	Levon Chorbajian (born 1942) is an American sociologist.	Levon Chorbajian	1942
date of birth	Peter J. Murray (born 1951) is a retired mathematics teacher and a children's author, well known for his Mokee Joe books.	Peter J. Murray	1951
date of birth	John Raymond Garrett (born 12 November 1940) is an Australian/British photo journalist whose work is mainly on fashion, reportage and photojournalism.	John Raymond Garrett	12 November 1940
date of birth	Fadi Chehadé (Arabic: فادي شحادة) (born 1962) is an information technology executive, founder of RosettaNet and current Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of ICANN.	Fadi Chehadé	1962
date of birth	Abu Yahya al-Libi (Arabic: أبو يحيى الليبي‎, audio ; c. 1963, Marzaq -- June 4, 2012), born Mohamed Hassan Qaid, was an Islamist terrorist and leading high-ranking official within al-Qaeda, and an alleged member of the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group.	Abu Yahya al-Libi	1963
date of birth	David Davies, 3rd Baron Davies DL (born 2 October 1940), is a British peer and engineer.	David Davies, 3rd Baron Davies	2 October 1940
date of birth	Michalis Souyioul (born Souyioultzoglou) (Greek: Μιχάλης Σουγιούλ, 1906--1958) was a significant Greek composer in the early and middle 20th century.	Michalis Souyioul	1906
date of birth	Victor Michael Milenski (born 1941) founded the Long Beach Opera in 1979, and was its general director for 25 seasons, retiring in 2004.	Michael Milenski	1941
date of birth	Enda Colleran (May 1942 -- 8 April 2004) was an Irish Gaelic football manager and player.	Enda Colleran	May 1942
date of birth	Bailey Tzuke (born Bailey Jean Muggleton-Tzuke on 28 June 1987) is a British singer/songwriter.	Bailey Tzuke	28 June 1987
date of birth	Scott James Wells (1961 -- October 28, 2015) was an American actor and model, primarily noted for playing the villain Lex Luthor during the first season of the television series Superboy.	Scott James Wells	1961
date of birth	Richard Bagwell (9 December 1840 -- 4 December 1918) was a noted historian of the Stuart and Tudor periods in Ireland, and a political commentator with strong Unionist convictions.	Richard Bagwell	9 December 1840
date of birth	Stefano Scarampella (1843 -- January 23, 1925) was an Italian violin and cello maker.	Stefano Scarampella	1843
date of birth	Kenneth Staelens (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈkɛ.nət ˈstaː.ləns), born 3 May 1991) is a Belgian professional footballer, who currently plays for Bilzerse Waltwilder VV.	Kenneth Staelens	3 May 1991
date of birth	Peter Millican (born 1 March 1958) is Gilbert Ryle Fellow and Professor of Philosophy at Hertford College, University of Oxford in the United Kingdom.	Peter Millican	1 March 1958
date of birth	Daniel Lysons (1762--1834) was a notable English antiquary and topographer of the late 18th and early 19th century, who published the four-volume The Environs of London (published 1792 to 1796).	Daniel Lysons	1762
date of birth	William Saywell (1643--1701) was an English churchman and academic, known as a controversialist, archdeacon of Ely, and Master of Jesus College, Cambridge.	William Saywell	1643
date of birth	Petr Kanko (born 7 February 1984) is a professional ice hockey right winger who currently an Unrestricted Free Agent.	Petr Kanko	7 February 1984
date of birth	Anna Tsygankova (Russian: Анна Цыганкова; born 1979) is a Russian ballet dancer.	Anna Tsygankova	1979
date of birth	Phạm Bá Ngoãn, pen name Thanh Hải (1930--1980) was a modern Vietnamese poet.	Thanh Hải	1930
date of birth	Edward St. John Neale(1812-1866) was a British Lieutenant-Colonel and Diplomat who was active in Asia in the 1860s.	Edward St. John Neale	1812
date of birth	Akram Abdel-Majeed (Arabic: أكرم عبدالمجيد‎) (born July 7, 1970), is a former Egyptian professional footballer.	Akram Abdel-Majeed	1970
date of birth	Maze Jackson (1923--1996) was an American Independent Baptist evangelist, best known as Brother Maze to fellow preachers and friends.	Maze Jackson	1923
date of birth	Ingo Kober (born 22 July 1942 in Liegnitz, now Legnica in Poland) was the third president of the European Patent Office.	Ingo Kober	22 July 1942
date of birth	Dan Lepard (born 1964) is an Australian baker, food writer, photographer, television presenter and celebrity chef.	Dan Lepard	1964
date of birth	Jacob Waley (17 March 1818 -- 19 June 1873), was an English legal writer.	Jacob Waley	17 March 1818
date of birth	Clark Murray (born 1938) is an American sculptor who is best known for his large outdoor constructions of welded and painted steel pipes.	Clark Murray	1938
date of birth	Martin William Ashley MVO Dipl Arch RIBA (born 29 April 1952) is a British architect known for restoration of ecclesiastical buildings and royal properties and a specialist in period and listed buildings.	Martin William Ashley	29 April 1952
date of birth	Giorgia Campana (born 16 May 1995) is an Italian artistic gymnast.	Giorgia Campana	16 May 1995
date of birth	Erik Tambuyzer (born 1949) is a Belgian bio-engineer and businessman.	Erik Tambuyzer	1949
date of birth	Charles Richard Harington is a Canadian zoologist born in Calgary in May 1933.	Charles Richard Harington	1933
date of birth	Ines Pellegrini (born in 1954) is a retired Italian actress of Eritrean origin.	Ines Pellegrini	1954
date of birth	Scott Slovic (born 1960 in Chicago) is considered one of the central scholars in the field of ecocriticism (ecological literary criticism).	Scott Slovic	1960
date of birth	Ross Munnelly (born 23 December 1982) is an Irish sportsperson from County Laois.	Ross Munnelly	23 December 1982
date of birth	Dr. Graham C. Newbury (1910--1986) born in Point Pleasant, New Jersey, United States, was a general surgeon.	Graham C. Newbury	1910
date of birth	Gaetano Stefano Bartolozzi (1757--1821) was an Italian engraver, art dealer, and merchant.	Gaetano Stefano Bartolozzi	1757
date of birth	Heinrich Dockweiler (1824 -- April 12, 1887) was a patriarch of pioneering family in American Los Angeles, California as it was growing from the Mexican Pueblo de Los Ángeles era of Alta California.	Heinrich Dockweiler	1824
date of birth	Roozbeh Mirebrahimi is an Iranian Journalist and blogger born in 1978 in Rasht, Iran.	Roozbeh Mirebrahimi	1978
date of birth	Yuliya Krevsun (born Yuliya Gurtovenko on 8 December 1980) is a Ukrainian middle-distance running athlete who specialises in the 800 metres.	Yuliya Krevsun	8 December 1980
date of birth	Bethanie Nail (Bethanie Anne ``Beth'' Nail, married name Kearney; born 24 March 1956) is a retired Australian athlete who specialised in sprint and middle distance running events.	Bethanie Nail	24 March 1956
date of birth	Richard Wroughton (1748--1822), was an actor, born in 1748, who worked mainly in Covent Garden (now the Royal Opera house) and Drury Lane (now the Theatre Royal), and occasional in the city of his birth, Bath.	Richard Wroughton	1748
date of birth	Adamski (born Adam Paul Tinley, 4 December 1967) is an English record producer.	Adamski	4 December 1967
date of birth	Konstantinos Bembis (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Μπέμπης, born 1903, date of death unknown) was a Greek Olympic fencer.	Konstantinos Bembis	1903
date of birth	Antiochus Chuzon (floruit 429-438), called ``the Elder'' to distinguish him from his nephew, was a high official of the Eastern Roman Empire, praetorian prefect of the East and consul, who was a key figure in the formulation of the Codex Theodosianus.	Antiochus Chuzon	429
date of birth	Lee Swindlehurst (born in Boulder City in 1960) is an electrical engineer who has made contributions in sensor array signal processing for radar and wireless communications, detection and estimation theory, and system identification, and has received many awards in these areas.	Lee Swindlehurst	1960
date of birth	Nils Mordt (born 5 December 1983 in Harare, Zimbabwe) is a rugby union footballer who plays at centre for Saracens and England Sevens.	Nils Mordt	5 December 1983
date of birth	David Mena (Hebrew: דוד מנע‎‎, born 8 April 1953) is an Israeli lawyer and former member of the Knesset.	David Mena	8 April 1953
date of birth	Douglas Maxwell (born 1974 in Girvan) is an award-winning Scottish playwright, whose work has been performed throughout Scotland, the UK and abroad.	Douglas Maxwell	1974
date of birth	Maria Abrahamsson (born 21 July 1963 in Kalmar) is a Swedish jurist, journalist and politician for the Moderate Party.	Maria Abrahamsson	21 July 1963
date of birth	Jeannie Hilton (born 1983) is a Canadian author from Montreal, Quebec.	Jeannie Hilton	1983
date of birth	Richard Jay Potash (born 1948), known professionally as Ricky Jay, is an American stage magician, actor, and writer.	Ricky Jay	1948
date of birth	Dean Wallis (born 27 August 1969) is a former Australian rules footballer for the Essendon Football Club of the AFL.	Dean Wallis	27 August 1969
date of birth	Edmir Bilali (born 29 August 1970) is a former Albanian football player who spent most of his career in Germany as an Attacking midfielder.	Edmir Bilali	29 August 1970
date of birth	Karin Park (born 6 September 1978) is a Swedish-Norwegian singer, songwriter, and model currently living in Bergen, Norway.	Karin Park	6 September 1978
date of birth	Anton Edelmann (born 1952) is a chef, cookery writer, and television cook, who was maître chef des cuisines at the Savoy Hotel in London, England, from 1982 to 2003.	Anton Edelmann	1952
date of birth	Rajesh Payal Rai (Nepali: राजेश पायल राई) (born 30 September 1975) is a Nepali singer and actor.	Rajesh Payal Rai	30 September 1975
date of birth	Michael Francis Fay (born 1960) is a British geneticist and botanist currently serving as Head of Genetics at the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew.	Michael Francis Fay	1960
date of birth	Herbert Simmons (born in 1930 or 1931 in St. Louis, Missouri) is an American writer.	Herbert Simmons	1931
date of birth	Max O'Halloran (born 20 May 1952) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray and Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Max O'Halloran	20 May 1952
date of birth	Marie-Helene Östlund, née Westin (born 14 May 1966), is a retired Swedish cross-country skier.	Marie-Helene Östlund	14 May 1966
date of birth	Geoffrey Kipsang Kamworor (born 22 November 1992) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who competes in cross country and half marathon races.	Geoffrey Kipsang Kamworor	22 November 1992
date of birth	Geoffrey Oryema (born 16 April 1953) is an internationally renowned Ugandan musician.	Geoffrey Oryema	16 April 1953
date of birth	Lucy Cotton (1891 -- 12 December 1948) was an American actress who appeared in 12 films between 1910 and 1921.	Lucy Cotton	1891
date of birth	Rubina Kuraoka (born 17 October 1987 in Berlin), is a German voice actress.	Rubina Kuraoka	17 October 1987
date of birth	Otto Wilhelm von Fersen (1623, Reval - 1703, Kurna) was a Swedish general and nobleman of the Fersen family, governor general of Ingmermanland and Kexholm from 1691 to 1698, field marshal 1693.	Otto Wilhelm von Fersen	1623
date of birth	Bai Wenqi (Chinese: 白文奇; born October 1955) is a lieutenant general (zhong jiang) of the People's Liberation Army Air Force (PLAAF), and a former vice admiral of the People's Liberation Army Naval Air Force (PLANAF).	Bai Wenqi	1955
date of birth	Donald D. Chamberlin (born 21 December 1944) is an American computer scientist who is best known as one of the principal designers of the original SQL language specification with Raymond Boyce.	Donald D. Chamberlin	1944
date of birth	Greta Gonda (1917--1974) was an Austrian stage and film actress who emigrated to Italy where she worked as a leading lady.	Greta Gonda	1917
date of birth	Alexandre Tichonov was born in around 1962 in modern day Russia.	Alexandre Tichonov	1962
date of birth	Ben Hermans (born 8 June 1986) is a Belgian professional road racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI ProTour team, BMC Racing Team.	Ben Hermans	8 June 1986
date of birth	Karen Koster (bprn 9 April 1981) is an Irish-Dutch television presenter.	Karen Koster	9 April 1981
date of birth	Angèle Bassolé-Ouédraogo (born 8 February 1967) is an Ivoirian-born Canadian poet and journalist.	Angèle Bassolé-Ouédraogo	8 February 1967
date of birth	Morris Michtom (1870 -- July 21, 1938), with his wife Rose, invented the Teddy Bear.	Morris Michtom	1870
date of birth	Riyaaz Amlani (born 20 November 1974) is an Indian restaurateur.	Riyaaz Amlani	20 November 1974
date of birth	Paul Larkins (born 19 May 1963) is a retired English middle-distance runner and a sub 4 minute miler.	Paul Larkins	19 May 1963
date of birth	Tullio Tamburini (22 April 1892 -- 1957) was an Italian soldier, adventurer and fascist official.	Tullio Tamburini	22 April 1892
date of birth	Igors Šiškins (born 9 June 1959) is a Latvian ultra-nationalist and the director of the ``Gustav Celmiņa center.''	Igors Šiškins	9 June 1959
date of birth	Lluís Carreras Ferrer (born 24 September 1972) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mostly as a left back but also as a defensive midfielder, and the current manager of Real Zaragoza.	Lluís Carreras	24 September 1972
date of birth	Thor Chuan Leong (simplified Chinese: 涂振龙; traditional Chinese: 涂振龍; pinyin: Tú Zhènlóng; born 24 March 1988) is a Malaysian professional snooker player.	Thor Chuan Leong	24 March 1988
date of birth	Andreas Bammer (born 18 July 1984) is an Austrian footballer who plays for USK Anif in the Austrian Regionalliga West.	Andreas Bammer	18 July 1984
date of birth	Ishwar C. Harris (Hindi: इश्वर हर्रिस, Urdu: اِشور ہارِّس‎), (born 1943), is a professor of religion whose focus spans Hinduism, Buddhism, and Islam.	Ishwar C. Harris	1943
date of birth	Running Antelope or Tȟatȟóka Íŋyaŋke (1821--1896) became a head chief of the Hunkpapa in 1851.	Running Antelope	1821
date of birth	Matthew Babington (17 May 1612 -- September 1669) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660.	Matthew Babington	17 May 1612
date of birth	Joseph Stennett (1663 -- 11 July 1713) was an English Seventh Day Baptist minister and hymnwriter.	Joseph Stennett	1663
date of birth	Mike Spalding (born 1948) is a marathon swimmer, one of only two people to have swum all nine channels of the main Hawaiian Islands.	Mike Spalding	1948
date of birth	Lida Husik (born 1963) is a Washington D.C./ New York City artist who was very prominent in the 1990s.	Lida Husik	1963
date of birth	Nick Piercey (born 7 December 1960) is a broadcaster.	Nick Piercey	7 December 1960
date of birth	Darlenys Obregón Mulato (born 21 February 1986) is a Colombian track and field athlete who competes in the sprinting events, primarily the 200 metres in which she has a personal best of 23.09 seconds.	Darlenys Obregón	21 February 1986
date of birth	Naoki Eiga (栄花直輝 Eiga Naoki, born 1967) is a Japanese kendoka who in 2000 won the individual event at World Kendo Championship (WKC) as well as the highest title in Kendo:	Naoki Eiga	1967
date of birth	Horacio Lavandera (born Buenos Aires, December 1984) is an Argentine pianist, currently residing in Madrid, Spain.	Horacio Lavandera	December 1984
date of birth	János Parti (24 October 1932 -- 6 March 1999) was a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed from the early 1950s to the early 1960s.	János Parti	24 October 1932
date of birth	Andreas Bergwall (born 10 June 1974) is a Swedish bandy player who currently plays in Västerås SK as a goalkeeper.	Andreas Bergwall	10 June 1974
date of birth	Marlene Belfort, Ph.D. (born 1945) is an American biochemist.	Marlene Belfort	1945
date of birth	Trygve Bruvik (born 1952) is a Norwegian engineer and businessperson.	Trygve Bruvik	1952
date of birth	Michael Lynne (born 23 April 1941 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American film executive.	Michael Lynne	23 April 1941
date of birth	Maria Pozzi (born 1 June 1963), best known by the stage name Baby Pozzi, is an Italian former pornographic film actress.	Baby Pozzi	1 June 1963
date of birth	Ladli Begum (born 1605) was the daughter of Sher Afghan, and was married to Mughal prince, Shahryar.	Ladli Begum	1605
date of birth	Yasmin Paige (born 24 June 1991) is an English actress who is best known for her roles as Jordana Bevan in Submarine, Beth Mitchell in Pramface and Maria Jackson in The Sarah Jane Adventures.	Yasmin Paige	24 June 1991
date of birth	Severyn Ashkenazy (born 1936) is a Polish-born American hotelier and philanthropist.	Severyn Ashkenazy	1936
date of birth	Safinaz Kazem, also written Safy Naz Kazem (born 17 August 1937, Alexandria) is an Egyptian author and literary critic.	Safinaz Kazem	17 August 1937
date of birth	Billy Waith (born 30 August 1950), was a Welsh welterwight boxer.	Billy Waith	30 August 1950
date of birth	Krzysztof Olszewski (born 11 June 1970, Kartuzy, Poland), exhibits work as ``KED'' - Polish photographer, visual and installation artist.	Krzysztof Olszewski	11 June 1970
date of birth	Paul Gyorgy (April 7, 1893- March 1, 1976) was a Hungarian-born American nutritionist and pediatrician, a recipient of the National Medal of Science, best known for his discovery of three vitamins: riboflavin, vitamin B6, and biotin.	Paul Gyorgy	1893
date of birth	S Md Nauman (3 May 1953) is an Indian politician and bureaucrat who is an active member and campaigner of YSR Congress party.	S Md Nauman	3 May 1953
date of birth	Sonny Assu (born 1975 in Richmond, British Columbia) is a Ligwilda'xw Kwakwaka'wakw contemporary artist.	Sonny Assu	1975
date of birth	Benjamin Elbel (16 March 1690 -- 4 June 1756) was a German Franciscan moral theologian.	Benjamin Elbel	1690
date of birth	Makhgalyn Bayarjavkhlan (Mongolian: Махгалын Баяржавхлан; born 18 June 1978 in Nömreg sum, Zavkhan aimag) is a Mongolian judoka who competed in the super heavyweight division (+100 kg).	Makhgalyn Bayarjavkhlan	18 June 1978
date of birth	Giorgos Fountas (Greek: Γιώργος Φούντας; 1924 -- November 28, 2010) was a Greek actor in film and television.	Giorgos Fountas	1924
date of birth	Vladimir Dimitrovski (Macedonian: Владимир Димитровски) (born 30 November 1988) is a Macedonian footballer playing for the Czech club FK Teplice.	Vladimir Dimitrovski	30 November 1988
date of birth	Bill Lyndon (born 30 January 1964) is an Australian former strongman competitor.	Bill Lyndon	30 January 1964
date of birth	Gert-Jan Prins (born 1961) is a Dutch musician active in free improvisation.	Gert-Jan Prins	1961
date of birth	Harrison Barrett (1845--1917) was a former slave born in 1845 to slave parents from Louisiana, Simon and Eliza Barrett.	Harrison Barrett	1845
date of birth	Jarek Kasar (also known by his stage name Chalice; born 3 April 1983) is an Estonian singer.	Jarek Kasar	3 April 1983
date of birth	Mihail Simeonov (Bulgarian: Михаил Симеонов) (born 1929) is a Bulgarian artist living in New York.	Mihail Simeonov	1929
date of birth	Bokar Tulku Rinpoche (1940 -- August 17, 2004) was heart-son of the Second Kalu Rinpoche and a holder of the Karma Kagyü and Shangpa Kagyü lineages.	Bokar Tulku Rinpoche	1940
date of birth	Ibrahim Farah (born 24 January 1992) is a Welsh professional footballer who is playing for the semi-professional football club Carmarthen Town A.F.C. in the Welsh Premier League.	Ibrahim Farah	24 January 1992
date of birth	Hoàng Vũ Samson or Samson Kayode Olaleye (born 6 October 1988) is a Nigerian footballer who gained Vietnamese citizenship in 2013.	Hoàng Vũ Samson	6 October 1988
date of birth	Yunus Badat (born 1943, Northern Rhodesia) was an East African cricketer.	Yunus Badat	1943
date of birth	Kareema Saleh Jasim (born 18 February 1988) is a Kenyan-born Bahraini long-distance runner who competes in distances ranging from 3000 metres to the half marathon, as well as the steeplechase.	Kareema Saleh Jasim	18 February 1988
date of birth	Keith Paterson (born 22 November 1931) received an MBE in the Queen's 2015 New Year Honours list ``for services to promoting information technology to elderly people in the UK''.	Keith Paterson	22 November 1931
date of birth	Dhanraj Pillay (born 16 July 1968 in Pune) is an Indian field hockey player and former captain of the Indian hockey team.	Dhanraj Pillay	16 July 1968
date of birth	Jude Bolton (born 15 March 1980) is a retired Australian rules football player who represented the Sydney Swans in the AFL between 1999 and 2013.	Jude Bolton	15 March 1980
date of birth	Frank Andrews Shimkus (born 1952) is a retired broadcaster and Democratic politician in Pennsylvania.	Frank Andrews Shimkus	1952
date of birth	Julian Marshall (24 June 1836 -- 21 November 1903) was an English amateur musician, music and print collector, tennis player and writer.	Julian Marshall	24 June 1836
date of birth	Vivien Mallock FRBS (born 8 May 1945) is an English sculptor who works mainly in bronze.	Vivien Mallock	8 May 1945
date of birth	Julio Barragán (1928--2011) was an Argentine painter of the Concretist and Cubist schools.	Julio Barragán	1928
date of birth	Charles Bridgeman (1690--1738) was an English garden designer in the onset of the naturalistic landscape style.	Charles Bridgeman	1690
date of birth	Baruch Hagai (Hebrew: ברוך חגאי‎; born 1944) is an Israeli paralympic champion.	Baruch Hagai	1944
date of birth	Mark Finch (21 October 1961 -- 14 January 1995) was an English promoter of LGBT cinema.	Mark Finch	21 October 1961
date of birth	Mark Lynas (born 1973) is a British author, journalist and environmental activist who focuses on climate change.	Mark Lynas	1973
date of birth	Li Daoyu (Chinese: 李道豫; born 1932) is a diplomat of the People's Republic of China.	Li Daoyu	1932
date of birth	Petros Solomon (born 1951; also known as Wed'Solomon, Son of Solomon) is an Eritrean politician.	Petros Solomon	1951
date of birth	Bill Dykes (born Howard William Dykes in Cincinnati, Ohio, in 1946) is an American gospel music singer.	Bill Dykes	1946
date of birth	Jeong Gu(korean:정구, hanja:鄭逑, 1543--1620) was Korean philosopher, politician, historian and writer, Confucian scholars of the Joseon Dynastys.	Jeong Gu	1543
date of birth	Terry Molloy (born 1947, North Shields, Tyneside, England) is an English actor known predominantly for his work on radio and television.	Terry Molloy	1947
date of birth	Sidney D. Kirkpatrick (born 1955) is an award-winning documentary filmmaker and a bestselling historical author.	Sidney D. Kirkpatrick	1955
date of birth	Odd Kvaal Pedersen (9 February 1935 -- 16 March 1990) was a Norwegian journalist, author and translator.	Odd Kvaal Pedersen	1935
date of birth	Sonia Yasmin Ali (Bengali: সোনিয়া ইয়াসমীন আলী; born 15 September 1982), also known professionally as SYA, is an English model, singer, photographer, fitness trainer and health coach.	Sonia Yasmin Ali	15 September 1982
date of birth	Marek Haščák (born 8 December 1985) is a Slovak professional ice hockey centre currently an unrestricted free agent (UFA).	Marek Haščák	8 December 1985
date of birth	Laura Csortan (born 9 November 1976) is an Australian model, actress and television presenter.	Laura Csortan	9 November 1976
date of birth	Rolf Gindorf (born 14 May 1939) is a German sexologist.	Rolf Gindorf	14 May 1939
date of birth	Kate Ryan (born Katrien Verbeeck; 22 July 1980) is a Belgian World Music Award winner.	Kate Ryan	22 July 1980
date of birth	David Ritch, OBE, JP (born 1951) is a prominent Cayman Islands attorney who has done private and governmental work.	David Ritch	1951
date of birth	Gillian Bouras (born 18 August 1945) is an expatriate Australian writer who has written several books, short stories and articles, many of these dealing with her experiences as an Australian woman in Greece.	Gillian Bouras	18 August 1945
date of birth	Alice Denney (born 1922 ) is a curator and arts administrator.	Alice Denney	1922
date of birth	Miles Higson (born 27 March 1993) is a British actor, known for playing Seth Costello in the British soap opera Hollyoaks from 2010 to 2011.	Miles Higson	27 March 1993
date of birth	Tobias Schneider (born 23 July 1981, Berlin) is a German speedskater.	Tobias Schneider	23 July 1981
date of birth	Khánh Hà (born 28 March 1952 in Đà Lạt) is a Vietnamese singer.	Khánh Hà	28 March 1952
date of birth	Josh Penry (born February 1, 1976) is the former minority leader of the Colorado Senate.	Josh Penry	1976
date of birth	Madhukar Dattatreya Hatakananglekar (Devanagari: मधुकर दत्तात्रेय हातकणंगलेकर) (b. 1927) is a Marathi literary critic from Maharashtra, India.	Madhukar Dattatreya Hatakananglekar	1927
date of birth	Mohd Muhaimin Omar (born on 17 March 1989), is a Malaysian footballer.	Muhaimin Omar	17 March 1989
date of birth	Søren Wichmann (born 1964 in Copenhagen) is a Danish linguist specializing in Mesoamerican languages and epigraphy.	Søren Wichmann	1964
date of birth	Roberto Pupo Moreno (born 11 February 1959), usually known as Roberto Moreno and also as Pupo Moreno, is a Brazilian racing driver.	Roberto Moreno	11 February 1959
date of birth	Hans Daniel Namuhuja (22 October 1924 -- 23 July 1998) was a Namibian poet, author, and teacher.	Hans Daniel Namuhuja	22 October 1924
date of birth	Michael Stout (born 1980) is an American video game designer.	Michael Stout	1980
date of birth	Stein Olav Bjortomt (born 13 December 1978 in Eastbourne) is an England international quiz player.	Olav Bjortomt	13 December 1978
date of birth	Kruti Parekh (born 1984) is India's first test-tube baby at birth , and has been a professional magician since early childhood.	Kruti Parekh	1984
date of birth	Jennifer Lin (born 1989 or 1990, in Florida) is an American pianist.	Jennifer Lin	1990
date of birth	Ellen Clegg (c. 1841-?) was a New York criminal specializing in pick pocketing and shoplifting.	Ellen Clegg	1841
date of birth	Ajith Thilakasena (born 7 October 1933) is a critically acclaimed Sinhala writer who deviated from the conventional use of language and created his own version which is suitable for the modern age.	Ajith Thilakasena	7 October 1933
date of birth	Tuanku Najihah binti Tunku Besar Burhanuddin (born 1 September 1924) is the Tunku Ampuan of Negeri Sembilan.	Tuanku Najihah	1 September 1924
date of birth	Shelagh Armstrong (born 1961 in Owen Sound, Ontario) is a Canadian illustrator, and was the recipient of the 1985 Will Davies award for excellence in illustration.	Shelagh Armstrong	1961
date of birth	Adam Hansen (born 11 May 1981 in Southport, Queensland) is an Australian professional road bicycle racer for UCI ProTour Lotto--	Adam Hansen	11 May 1981
date of birth	Tomislav Smoljanović (born 15 July 1977) is a Croatian medical scientist, physician, and a retired rower.	Tomislav Smoljanović	15 July 1977
date of birth	Dr. John Tickell (born 29 January 1945) is an Australian doctor, businessman, author, former athlete and speaker.	John Tickell	29 January 1945
date of birth	Hakeem Kae-Kazim (born 1 October 1962) is a Nigerian actor best known for his work in the Starz television series Black Sails and his portrayal of Georges Rutaganda in the 2004 drama film Hotel Rwanda.	Hakeem Kae-Kazim	1 October 1962
date of birth	Nelson Chamisa (born 28 February 1978) is a Zimbabwean politician and member of the House of Assembly of Zimbabwe for Kuwadzana, Harare.	Nelson Chamisa	28 February 1978
date of birth	David H. Rosenbloom (born 1943) is a well-known scholar in the field of Public Administration.	David H. Rosenbloom	1943
date of birth	Achille Befani (1832--1906) was an Italian painter, best known as Achille Formis.	Achille Formis	1832
date of birth	Richard van Zijtveld (born 6 August 1979) is a Dutch darts player who plays in Professional Darts Corporation events.	Richard van Zijtveld	6 August 1979
date of birth	Mira Verås Larsen (born 17 April 1987) is a Norwegian canoe sprinter.	Mira Verås Larsen	17 April 1987
date of birth	O'Dayne Richards (born 14 December 1988 in St. Andrew) is a Jamaican athlete competing in the shot put and discus throw.	O'Dayne Richards	14 December 1988
date of birth	Nazish Lutfi (born 8 August 1966) is a Forex trader.	Nazish Lutfi	8 August 1966
date of birth	Aubrey Morris (born Aubrey Jack Steinberg; 1 June 1926 -- 15 July 2015) was a British actor perhaps best known for his appearances in the films A Clockwork Orange and The Wicker Man.	Aubrey Morris	1 June 1926
date of birth	Peter Mennim (born 1955) is a British artist, based in Cambridge.	Peter Mennim	1955
date of birth	Karena Richardson (born 12 October 1959) is a British ice skater who competed in ladies' singles.	Karena Richardson	12 October 1959
date of birth	Tali Fahima (Hebrew: טלי פחימה‎; Arabic: تاليا فهيمة‎; born february 8, 1976) is an Israeli pro-Palestinian activist who was convicted for her contacts with Zakaria Zubeidi, Jenin chief of the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades.	Tali Fahima	1976
date of birth	Kate Sara Chittenden (17 April 1856 -- 16 Sept 1949) was an American professor of music, music school founder, and piano teacher.	Kate Sara Chittenden	17 April 1856
date of birth	Rina Bovrisse (born 1974, Japan) is a fashion executive, gender equality activist and entrepreneur.	Rina Bovrisse	1974
date of birth	Giles Scott (born 23 June 1987) is a British competitive sailor and 3 time Finn Gold Cup winner who has been selected to represent Team GB in the Finn Class at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.	Giles Scott	23 June 1987
date of birth	Fabio Meraldi (born 5 August 1965) is an Italian ski mountaineer, mountain guide and mountain runner.	Fabio Meraldi	5 August 1965
date of birth	Pauline Moran (born 1947) is an English actress, presenter, and astrologer, best known for her role as Miss Lemon in the British television series Agatha Christie's Poirot.	Pauline Moran	1947
date of birth	Mary Jane Haake (born 1951) is an American tattoo artist and authority on medical tattooing and permanent makeup (cosmetic tattooing).	Mary Jane Haake	1951
date of birth	Anselmo Silvino (born 23 November 1945) is a retired Italian middleweight weightlifter.	Anselmo Silvino	23 November 1945
date of birth	Nav Bajwa (Punjabi: ਨਵ ਬਾਜਵਾ) (born 26 September 1989), is a Pollywood film actor, dancer, model, athlete and pilot.	Nav Bajwa	26 September 1989
date of birth	Kane Koteka (born 8 January 1994) is an Australian rugby union player who currently plays for the Western Force in the international Super Rugby competition and the Perth Spirit in the National Rugby Championship.	Kane Koteka	8 January 1994
date of birth	Robert Russell Davies (born 5 April 1946) is a British journalist and broadcaster.	Russell Davies	5 April 1946
date of birth	Olaf Dreyer (born 1969 in Hamburg) is a German theoretical physicist whose research interests include quantum gravity and the quantum measurement problem.	Olaf Dreyer	1969
date of birth	José Luis Rodríguez Pittí (born 29 March 1971) is a contemporary writer, videoartist and documentary photographer.	José Luis Rodríguez Pittí	29 March 1971
date of birth	William Duffield (1816 - 1863) was a British still-life painter.	William Duffield	1816
date of birth	Robert Trees, (born 18 December 1977) is an English former footballer.	Robert Trees	18 December 1977
date of birth	Sidney Sladen (born 20 November 1980) is a fashion designer of Kenyan Origin who also worked as costume designer for many Indian films.	Sidney Sladen	20 November 1980
date of birth	Lisa Shoman (born 1964) is a Belizean lawyer and politician and the Foreign Minister of Belize from 2007 to 2008.	Lisa Shoman	1964
date of birth	Cornelius Osten (11 February 1863, Bremen -- 6 September 1936, Montevideo) was a German businessman and botanist known for his investigations of Uruguayan flora.	Cornelius Osten	1863
date of birth	Samuel Rahamin ``Sam'' Levy (1929--2012) was a Zimbabwean businessman and property developer best known for his construction of the Sam Levy's Village shopping mall in Borrowdale, a suburb of Harare, in 1990.	Sam Levy	1929
date of birth	Sonja Boehmer-Christiansen (Born 1942) is an Emeritus Reader in the Department of Geography at the University of Hull in Kingston upon Hull England, where she taught environmental policy, management and politics.	Sonja Boehmer-Christiansen	1942
date of birth	Mike McGinnis (born 1973) is an American saxophonist, clarinetist, and composer.	Mike McGinnis	1973
date of birth	Vasco Regini (born 9 September 1990) is an Italian footballer who plays as a left back for Napoli on loan from Sampdoria in Serie A. He made his Serie A debut for Sampdoria on 9 May 2009 in a game against Reggina.	Vasco Regini	9 September 1990
date of birth	Hiran Mitra (born 1945) is an artist based in Kolkata (West Bengal, India).	Hiran Mitra	1945
date of birth	Ira Sharkansky (born 1938, Fall River, Massachusetts) is professor emeritus of political science and public administration at Hebrew University of Jerusalem.	Ira Sharkansky	1938
date of birth	Birendra Lakra (born 3 February 1990) is an Indian professional field hockey player.	Birendra Lakra	3 February 1990
date of birth	Roseline Emma Rasolovoahangy (born 1967) is a Malagasy entrepreneur and candidate running for the office of President in the Madagascar elections scheduled for July 23, 2013.	Roseline Emma Rasolovoahangy	1967
date of birth	Maja Ruth Frenkel (born Maja Brinar; 14 April 1971) is a Croatian entrepreneur and former deputy of Croatian Minister of Economy.	Maja Ruth Frenkel	14 April 1971
date of birth	Rev. Dr. William Francis Barry (21 April 1849 -- 15 December 1930) was a British Catholic priest, theologian, educator and writer.	William Francis Barry	21 April 1849
date of birth	Raik Hannemann (born 19 February 1968) is a retired German swimmer who won three medals in medley events at the LEN European Aquatics Championships of 1985--1989.	Raik Hannemann	19 February 1968
date of birth	Chen Yuandao (Chinese: 陈原道) (1902 - April 10, 1933) also called Yuandao (Chinese: 元道), was a member of the 28 Bolsheviks.	Chen Yuandao	1902
date of birth	Stephen Randall Harris (1802--1879) was the third mayor of San Francisco from January 1 --	Stephen Randall Harris	1802
date of birth	Yousef Alikhani (Persian: یوسف علیخانی‎; born 1975) is an Iranian writer.	Yousef Alikhani	1975
date of birth	Abdelhakim Laref (born 12 January 1985) is a Belgian footballer of Algerian origin.	Abdelhakim Laref	12 January 1985
date of birth	Alfred Arteaga (1950 -- July 4, 2008) was a Chicano poet, writer, and scholar.	Alfred Arteaga	1950
date of birth	Balázs Gulyás (born 26 June 1956) is a Hungarian neurobiologist.	Balázs Gulyás	26 June 1956
date of birth	James Deeley (1871 -- after 1895) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Small Heath.	James Deeley	1871
date of birth	Duilio Spagnolo (c. 1927 -- April 15, 2005) was an Italian boxer who was a heavyweight contender during the Joe Louis, Ezzard Charles, Jersey Joe Walcott and Rocky Marciano eras.	Duilio Spagnolo	1927
date of birth	Leilani Latu (born 5 February 1993) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Penrith Panthers in the National Rugby League.	Leilani Latu	5 February 1993
date of birth	Maxime Martin (born 20 March 1986) is a Belgian professional racing driver, competing in the DTM for BMW Team RMG.	Maxime Martin	20 March 1986
date of birth	Cecil Hook (1 December 1844 - 4 February 1938) was, from 1905 to 1915, the first Bishop of Kingston in the Church of England.	Cecil Hook	1 December 1844
date of birth	Milko Novaković (Serbian Cyrillic: Милко Новаковић; born 21 January 1988) is a Serbian-born Montenegrin footballer who plays for FK Vojvodina.	Milko Novaković	21 January 1988
date of birth	Hermann Leitner (born 3 September 1927) is an Austrian film editor and film director.	Hermann Leitner	3 September 1927
date of birth	Jon Dorotich (born 27 April 1962) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for South Fremantle and Carlton during the 1980s and 1990s.	Jon Dorotich	27 April 1962
date of birth	Jakob Lorber (22 July 1800 -- 24 August 1864) was a Christian mystic and visionary from the Duchy of Styria, who promoted liberal Universalism.	Jakob Lorber	22 July 1800
date of birth	Pierre Williams (born 1975) is a British triple murderer.	Pierre Williams	1975
date of birth	Harald Norpoth (born 22 August 1942) is a West German former middle and long distance runner.	Harald Norpoth	22 August 1942
date of birth	Allan Linder (born 1966) is an American artist living in New York.	Allan Linder	1966
date of birth	Jean-Claude Merlin (born 1954) is a French astronomer, founder-president of the Société Astronomique de Bourgogne (Burgundy Astronomical Society).	Jean-Claude Merlin	1954
date of birth	Antonio Gaona (1793--1848) was a general in the Mexican army of the 19th century.	Antonio Gaona	1793
date of birth	Charles Nii Armah Mensah Jnr., (born 17 October 1984) known by his stage name Shatta Wale (formerly Bandana), is a Ghanaian born producer and reggae-dancehall musician.	Shatta Wale	17 October 1984
date of birth	Lavy Pinto (born 23 October 1929) is an Indian former sprinter.	Lavy Pinto	23 October 1929
date of birth	Roger Alborough (born 19 February 1953) is a British actor who has starred in a number of London West End musicals, including Buddy and Jailhouse Rock.	Roger Alborough	19 February 1953
date of birth	Moein Al Bastaki (معين البستكي ) (born 29 August 1980) is a magician, mentalist and illusionist from the United Arab Emirates.	Moein Al Bastaki	29 August 1980
date of birth	Pietro Baratta (1659--1729) (17th century) was an Italian sculptor of the Baroque period, active in Venice.	Pietro Baratta	1659
date of birth	Iong Kim Fai (Chinese: 容儉輝, born 12 January 1989) is a Macanese athlete specialising in the 110 metres hurdles.	Iong Kim Fai	12 January 1989
date of birth	Ibn al-Fuwati (1244--1323) (Arabic: ابن الفوطي) was an Iraqi historian who wrote a great deal, but whose works have mostly been lost.	Ibn al-Fuwati	1244
date of birth	Fan Yilin (simplified Chinese: 范忆琳; traditional Chinese: 范憶琳; born 11 November 1999) is a Chinese artistic gymnast.	Fan Yilin	11 November 1999
date of birth	Hester Dunn (born 1944) is a Northern Irish former loyalist activist and writer who was a member of the Ulster Defence Association's (UDA) political wing during the period of religious-political conflict known as the Troubles.	Hester Dunn	1944
date of birth	Paula Tarvainen, née Huhtaniemi (born 17 February 1973) is a Finnish athlete who specializes in the javelin throw.	Paula Tarvainen	17 February 1973
date of birth	Bruno Delbonnel (born 1957) is a French cinematographer, director and screenwriter.	Bruno Delbonnel	1957
date of birth	Hugh Trenchard, 3rd Viscount Trenchard DL (born 12 March 1951) is a British soldier and businessman.	Hugh Trenchard, 3rd Viscount Trenchard	12 March 1951
date of birth	Jukka Hakala (born 7 November 1977) is a Finnish former footballer who played as defender.	Jukka Hakala	7 November 1977
date of birth	Joseph Nash (17 December 1809 -- 19 December 1878) was an English watercolour painter and lithographer, specialising in historical buildings.	Joseph Nash	17 December 1809
date of birth	Suat Kılıç (born 23 July 1972) is a Turkish lawyer, journalist, and politician.	Suat Kılıç	23 July 1972
date of birth	Patrick Ekwall, (born 16 July 1965) is a Swedish sports journalist.	Patrick Ekwall	16 July 1965
date of birth	Angelo Masci (Arbërisht: Ëngjëll Mashi; 1758--1821) was an Arbëresh jurist and scholar.	Angelo Masci	1758
date of birth	Lars Fiske (born 21 July 1966) is a Norwegian comics writer and artist, and creator of picture books.	Lars Fiske	21 July 1966
date of birth	Vice Admiral Sally Brice-O'Hara (born c. 1953) was the 27th Vice-Commandant of the U.S. Coast Guard.	Sally Brice-O'Hara	1953
date of birth	Bernadette Roberts (born 1931) is a former Carmelite nun and a contemplative in the Catholic tradition.	Bernadette Roberts	1931
date of birth	Jia Chunwang (simplified Chinese: 贾春旺; traditional Chinese: 賈春旺; pinyin: Jiǎ Chūnwàng; born 1938) was the former Procurator-general of the Supreme People's Procuratorate, a post equivalent to Attorney General in the United States.	Jia Chunwang	1938
date of birth	Kostya Kennedy (born 1967) is an award-winning American sportswriter.	Kostya Kennedy	1967
date of birth	Fujiwara no Koretada (藤原 伊尹; 924--972), also known as Fujiwara no Koremasa or Kentokuko, Ichijō sesshō and Mikawa-kō, was a Japanese statesman, courtier, politician and waka-poet during the Heian period.	Fujiwara no Koretada	924
date of birth	Mary O'Connell (better known as Sister Anthony, S.C.) (1814 -- December 8, 1897) was an Irish immigrant to the United States, who became a Roman Catholic Religious Sister.	Mary O'Connell	1814
date of birth	Gbenga Elegbeleye (born 1 October 1964) is a Nigerian sports administrator and a politician.	Gbenga Elegbeleye	1 October 1964
date of birth	David Prever (born ca. 1967) is a four time Sony Award winning radio presenter, and thriller author.	David Prever	1967
date of birth	Igor Simčič (born 4 September 1954) is a Slovenian sports businessman, winemaker, and owner of the yacht Esimit Europa 2 (formerly Alfa Romeo 2), which in 2010 won all attended regattas, including the 42nd Barcolana regatta sailing race.	Igor Simčič	4 September 1954
date of birth	Ilya Zalmanovich Baskin (Russian: Илья́ (Э́лиа) За́лманович Ба́скин; Latvian: Iļja Zalmanovičs Baskins; born 11 August 1950), known as Elya Baskin, is an American actor.	Elya Baskin	11 August 1950
date of birth	Alex Attwood MLA (born 26 April 1959) is an Irish politician, who served as Minister for Environment in the Northern Ireland Executive.	Alex Attwood	26 April 1959
date of birth	Seyed Mohammad Tabibian (born 1948) is an Iranian economist who served under the administration of Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani as deputy director of the Planning and Budget Organization.	Mohammad Tabibian	1948
date of birth	David G. Peterson, (born 28 October 1944) is a scholar of the New Testament.	David G. Peterson	28 October 1944
date of birth	Danilo Napolitano (born 31 January 1981) is an Italian professional road racing cyclist on Wanty-Groupe Gobert, and is chiefly known for his sprinting abilities.	Danilo Napolitano	31 January 1981
date of birth	Julieta Castellanos (born 8 January 1954) is a Honduran sociologist and the rector of the National Autonomous University of Honduras (UNAH) since 2009.	Julieta Castellanos	8 January 1954
date of birth	Sam Ssimbwa (born in 1967) is an Ugandan professional football player and manager.	Sam Ssimbwa	1967
date of birth	Cora Hubbard (February 1877 - ?) was a 19th-century outlaw who participated in the August 17, 1897 robbing of the McDonald County Bank in Pineville, Missouri.	Cora Hubbard	1877
date of birth	Herath Mudiyanselage Charitha Malinga Bandara (born 31 December 1979), commonly known as Malinga Bandara,he studied at the Kalutara Vidyalaya,he is a Sri Lankan Test and one-day international cricketer.	Malinga Bandara	31 December 1979
date of birth	Alison Wearing (born 1967) is a Canadian writer and performer.	Alison Wearing	1967
date of birth	Arent Arentsz, also known as Cabel, (1585 -- 18 August (buried), 1631) was a Dutch Golden Age landscape painter.	Arent Arentsz	1585
date of birth	Laurie Zeluck Carter (1957--2006) was an American pianist and electronic musician who recorded under the name Laurie Z. Her music is described as a blend of classical, jazz and contemporary instrumental.	Laurie Z	1957
date of birth	Dean Yeagle is an American animator and cartoonist, born in 1950 in the United States, known for his character 'Mandy', who has frequented the pages of Playboy Magazine.	Dean Yeagle	1950
date of birth	Frederick Bianchi is an American-born composer and music technologist (born 1954).	Frederick Bianchi	1954
date of birth	David Blankenhorn (born in Jackson, Mississippi in 1955) is the founder and president of the Institute for American Values, co-director of The Marriage Opportunity Council, and the author of Fatherless America and The Future of Marriage.	David Blankenhorn	1955
date of birth	Brad Garton (born 1957) is an American composer and computer musician who is professor of music at Columbia University.	Brad Garton	1957
date of birth	Rick Cook (born 1944) is a light fantasy author from the United States, best known for his Wizardry series of books.	Rick Cook	1944
date of birth	Herman Hunt born 10 May 1983 in Auckland, New Zealand is a rugby union player for the Queensland Reds in the Super Rugby competition.	Herman Hunt	10 May 1983
date of birth	Nanette Newman (born 29 May 1934) is an English actress and author.	Nanette Newman	29 May 1934
date of birth	Ji Xiang (Chinese: 吉翔; pinyin: Jí Xiáng; born 1 March 1990) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Jiangsu Suning in the Chinese Super League.	Ji Xiang	1 March 1990
date of birth	Benjamin Hirsch Auerbach (born at Neuwied in 1808; died at Halberstadt, September 30, 1872) was a German rabbi and one of the most prominent leaders of modern Orthodox Judaism.	Benjamin Hirsch Auerbach	1808
date of birth	Louis de Pastour de Costebelle (ca. 1658 -- unknown) naval officer served as interim governor of Plaisance (Placentia), Newfoundland, before the arrival of Jacques-François de Monbeton de Brouillan in 1690.	Louis de Pastour de Costebelle	1658
date of birth	Hilde Krahl (10 January 1917 -- 28 June 1999) was an Austrian film actress.	Hilde Krahl	10 January 1917
date of birth	Nina de Vries (born 1961) is a Dutch sex worker or sexual surrogate who offers erotic massages to intellectually disabled men and women in Berlin and other parts of Germany.	Nina de Vries	1961
date of birth	Lucius Minicius Natalis Quadronius Verus (Barcino, 97 dC -- ?) was a Roman statesman and military leader who served as the Proconsul of Africa from 153 to 154.	Lucius Minicius Natalis Quadronius Verus	97
date of birth	Gong Runbo (simplified Chinese: 宫润伯; traditional Chinese: 宮潤伯; pinyin: Gōng Rùnbó; 1972 - 31 December 2006) was a Chinese serial killer who, between March 2005 and February 2006, murdered six children between the ages of 9 and 16.	Gong Runbo	1972
date of birth	Nelson Johnson (born 1948) is an American lawyer and author, best known for his New York Times bestseller, Boardwalk Empire:	Nelson Johnson	1948
date of birth	Prof. Dani Koren (Hebrew: דני קורן‎, born 12 February 1945) is a former Israeli politician who briefly served as a member of the Knesset for the Labor Party in 2006.	Dani Koren	12 February 1945
date of birth	Ronny Nikol (born 11 July 1974) is a German former footballer who played as a left wing-back.	Ronny Nikol	11 July 1974
date of birth	Adam Agius (born 21 September 1971) is the vocalist, guitarist, keyboardist and a founding member of the progressive metal band Alchemist.	Adam Agius	21 September 1971
date of birth	Susannah Fiennes (born 1961) is a British artist who has worked extensively with the Prince of Wales and is collected in Europe, Asia and America.	Susannah Fiennes	1961
date of birth	Roger Spottiswoode (born 5 January 1945) is a British-Canadian film director, editor and writer.	Roger Spottiswoode	5 January 1945
date of birth	Peter Kurrild-Klitgaard (born 1966) is a Danish political scientist with a particular interest in public choice analysis and classical liberalism.	Peter Kurrild-Klitgaard	1966
date of birth	Hiller B. Zobel (born 1932) is an Associate Justice (retired) of the Superior Court of Massachusetts and author or coauthor of several books on various legal topics, including the Boston Massacre and John Adams.	Hiller B. Zobel	1932
date of birth	Charles Francis Hall (1821 -- November 8, 1871) was an American Arctic explorer.	Charles Francis Hall	1821
date of birth	Yan Youmin (Chinese: 严佑民) (1918--2001) was a People's Republic of China politician.	Yan Youmin	1918
date of birth	Rong Guiqing (simplified Chinese: 戎贵卿; traditional Chinese: 戎貴卿; pinyin: Róng Guìqīng; born May 1958) is a major general in the Chinese People's Liberation Army.	Rong Guiqing	1958
date of birth	Blanche of Burgundy (c. 1296 -- c. 1326) was Queen of France and Navarre for a few months in 1322 through her marriage to King Charles IV the Fair.	Blanche of Burgundy	1296
date of birth	Walter Willett, M.D., Dr.P.H. (born in 1945 in Hart, Michigan) is an American physician and nutrition researcher.	Walter Willett	1945
date of birth	Famirul Asyraf Sayuti (born 17 November 1989) is a Malaysian footballer who is lastly played for Melaka United in FAM League.	Famirul Asyraf Sayuti	17 November 1989
date of birth	Air Chief Marshal (Ret) Ida Bagus Putu Dunia (born 20 February 1957) is the former Chief of the Air Staff of the Indonesian Air Force.	Ida Bagus Putu Dunia	20 February 1957
date of birth	Dr. Arthur Lewis Piper (31 December 1883 - 1983) was a medical missionary in the Belgian Congo, supported by the Detroit Epworth League.	Arthur Lewis Piper	31 December 1883
date of birth	Samuel Nicholas Smallwood (5 September 1772 -- September 30 1824) was the fifth and seventh mayor of Washington, D.C. and was the first popularly elected mayor of the city.	Samuel Nicholas Smallwood	5 September 1772
date of birth	Neil Willey (born 11 September 1976) is a former international backstroke swimmer from England.	Neil Willey	11 September 1976
date of birth	Billy Bob Buttons (born 25 September 1970) the pen name of Edward Hugh Trayer, is a British-born children and young adult novelist.	Billy Bob Buttons	25 September 1970
date of birth	Richard Allsop (10 June 1849 -- 20 March 1908) was an English first class cricketer who played for Derbyshire County Cricket Club between 1872 and 1874.	Richard Allsop	10 June 1849
date of birth	Jean Luret (born 6 August 1952) is a French director, producer and screenwriter.	Jean Luret	1952
date of birth	Sheikha Hind bint Maktoum bin Juma Al Maktoum (Arabic: الشيخة هند بنت مكتوم بن ُجمعة ال مكتوم; born 12 February 1962) is the senior wife and consort of Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, ruler of Dubai.	Hind bint Maktoum bin Juma Al Maktoum	12 February 1962
date of birth	William Heminges (1602 -- c. 1653?), also Hemminges, Heminge, and other variants, was a playwright and theatrical figure of the Caroline period.	William Heminges	1602
date of birth	Anna Torv (born 7 June 1979) is an Australian actress known for her role as FBI agent Olivia Dunham on the Fox television series Fringe (2008--2013).	Anna Torv	7 June 1979
date of birth	Abdullah Msheleh Al-Marzouq (Arabic: عبدالله مشيلح المرزوق‎; born 19 July 1985) is a Kuwaiti footballer currently playing with Al Nasr in Kuwaiti Premier League.	Abdullah Msheleh	19 July 1985
date of birth	Horace Green (23 April 1918 -- July 2000) was an English professional footballer who made 367 appearances in the Football League playing for Halifax Town and Lincoln City.	Horace Green	23 April 1918
date of birth	Joanne H. Alter (1927 -- November 9, 2008) was an American activist, politician, and the first woman to break the gender barrier in Chicago area politics.	Joanne H. Alter	1927
date of birth	Pae Tal-jun (born 1936) is a high-ranking North Korean politician and bureaucrat.	Pae Tal-jun	1936
date of birth	William Henry Balgarnie (12 May 1869 -- c. July 1951) was a schoolmaster at Elmfield College, Woodbridge School and The Leys School, and is believed to have been the inspiration for the character Mr Chips in the book Goodbye, Mr. Chips, written by one of his students at The Leys, James Hilton.	William Henry Balgarnie	12 May 1869
date of birth	Jacob Faggot (13 March 1699, Uppsala County -- 28 February 1777, Stockholm) was a Swedish scientist.	Jacob Faggot	13 March 1699
date of birth	Barry Perry (2 April 1939 -- 2 June 2013) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Barry Perry	2 April 1939
date of birth	Vlatko Glavaš (born 2 September 1962) is a Bosnian football manager and a former player.	Vlatko Glavaš	2 September 1962
date of birth	Luo Hongxian (Chinese: 羅洪先; 1504--1564) was a Ming dynasty Chinese cartographer.	Luo Hongxian	1504
date of birth	Abhijeet Kosambi (Marathi: अभिजीत कोसंबी) (born in 1982) was the winner of the Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Marathi singing contest and was a finalist on Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Challenge 2007 achieving 11th place with public votes.	Abhijeet Kosambi	1982
date of birth	David Finfer (born June, 1942) is a film editor who was nominated at the 1993 Academy Awards for Best Film Editing for the film The Fugitive.	David Finfer	June, 1942
date of birth	Alexis Leon (born 19 July 1966) is an Indian software consultant and author of 50 books on IT, Internet, and management.	Alexis Leon	19 July 1966
date of birth	Welliton de Moraes Coimbra, known as Tozin (or spells a Tozim, born 10 November 1984), is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Najran.	Tozin	10 November 1984
date of birth	Anne Summers PhD AO (born 12 March 1945) is a writer and columnist, is best known as a leading feminist, editor and publisher.	Anne Summers	12 March 1945
date of birth	Christian Clemens (German pronunciation: (ˈkʁɪs.tɪ.an ˈklɛ.məns); born 4 August 1991) is a German professional footballer who plays as a winger for 1.	Christian Clemens	4 August 1991
date of birth	First Lieutenant Clifford Carwood Lipton (30 January 1920 -- 16 December 2001) was a commissioned officer with Easy Company, 2nd Battalion, 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment, in the 101st Airborne Division during World War II. Lipton was portrayed by Donnie Wahlberg in the HBO miniseries Band of Brothers.	Carwood Lipton	30 January 1920
date of birth	Laurence Cummings (born 1968, Birmingham), MA (Oxon), ARCM, FRCO, HonRAM is a British harpsichordist, organist, and conductor.	Laurence Cummings	1968
date of birth	Azu (born 8 December 1981, stylized as AZU) is a Japanese R&B singer.	Azu	8 December 1981
date of birth	Jørn Hoel (born 27 July 1957) is a Norwegian composer, guitarist and singer.	Jørn Hoel	27 July 1957
date of birth	Caroline Kellett (1960 - 26 August 2014), usually known just as Kellett, was a British journalist who was fashion editor of Tatler and held a number of other positions in British fashion journalism.	Caroline Kellett	1960
date of birth	Andrei Korobeinik (born 5 November 1980) is an Estonian computer programmer and entrepreneur, founder and CEO of Rate Solutions and Serenda Invest.	Andrei Korobeinik	5 November 1980
date of birth	Spyros Spyromilios (Greek: Σπύρος Σπυρομήλιος; 1864--1930) was a Greek Gendarmerie officer who took part in the Greek struggle for Macedonia and the Balkan Wars.	Spyros Spyromilios	1864
date of birth	Adriano Foglia (born 25 April 1981), is a Brazilian-born Italian futsal player who plays for Marca Futsal as a Flank.	Adriano Foglia	25 April 1981
date of birth	Renato Pengo (born 1943) is an Italian artist and painter, active since 1966 in the artistic languages of painting, photography, video, installations and performances.	Renato Pengo	1943
date of birth	Louis de Bernières (born 8 December 1954) is a British novelist most famous for his fourth novel, Captain Corelli's Mandolin.	Louis de Bernières	8 December 1954
date of birth	Manachanallur Giridharan (born 15 April 1964) is a South Indian music director, lyricist, singer, and also an educationist.	Manachanallur Giridharan	15 April 1964
date of birth	Céline Schärer (born 9 February 1990), is a professional Swiss triathlete, National U23 Champion of the year 2010 and member of the National Team (Team Olympic Distance).	Céline Schärer	9 February 1990
date of birth	Ryszard Czerniawski (born 1952) is a Polish lawyer and economist.	Ryszard Czerniawski	1952
date of birth	Professor Sir Michael Adrian Richards, CBE MD FRCP DSc(Hon) (born 14 July 1951) is a leading British oncologist.	Michael Adrian Richards	14 July 1951
date of birth	Serdar Eylik (born 1 February 1990) is a Turkish professional footballer who currently plays as a winger in Sarıyer.	Serdar Eylik	1 February 1990
date of birth	Sultan Ahmed bin Sulayem (born 1955 in the Dubai UAE) was the chairman of Dubai World until December 12, 2010.	Sultan Ahmed bin Sulayem	1955
date of birth	Peire Rogier (born c. 1145) was a twelfth-century Auvergnat troubadour (fl. 1160 -- 1180) and cathedral canon from Clermont.	Peire Rogier	1145
date of birth	F. M. Shinde (Rupurkar) (Devanagari: फ. मुं. शिंदे) (b. 1948) is a Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India.	F. M. Shinde	1948
date of birth	Stephen Trigg (c. 1744 -- August 19, 1782) was an American pioneer and soldier from Virginia.	Stephen Trigg	1744
date of birth	Santiago Rodríguez Ramiro (27 July 1968 Málaga), professionally known as Santi Rodríguez, in an Spanish actor and comedian.	Santi Rodríguez	27 July 1968
date of birth	Salmann Tamimi (born 1955) is a founding member of the Association Iceland-Palestine (Félagið Ísland-Palestína) and the Association of Muslims in Iceland (Félag múslima á Íslandi).	Salmann Tamimi	1955
date of birth	Kurt Burnette (born 7 November 1955 at Sculthorpe Royal Air Force Base in Norfolk, England, UK) is the Bishop or Eparch of the Byzantine Catholic Eparchy of Passaic.	Kurt Burnette	7 November 1955
date of birth	Parithi Ilamvazhuthi or Parithi Ellamvazhuthi (born in Chennai, on 11 November 1959) is an Indian politician.	Parithi Ilamvazhuthi	11 November 1959
date of birth	Admiral Alain Oudot de Dainville (born 15 March 1947 in Marsat (Puy de Dôme)) is a French Navy officer.	Alain Oudot de Dainville	1947
date of birth	Eliezer Waldman (Hebrew: אליעזר ולדמן‎, born 11 February 1937) is an Israeli rabbi and former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Tehiya between 1984 and 1990.	Eliezer Waldman	11 February 1937
date of birth	Israel Stoughton (1603?-1644) was an early English colonist in Massachusetts, and later a Parliamentarian officer in the First English Civil War.	Israel Stoughton	1603
date of birth	David Hollister (born 1942) served as the mayor of Lansing, Michigan from 1993 to 2003, until he resigned to be the director of the Michigan Department of Labor and Economic Growth under Michigan Governor Jennifer Granholm's administration.	David Hollister	1942
date of birth	Lee Jae-dong (born 9 January 1990), who plays simply under the name Jaedong, is a South Korean professional StarCraft:	Lee Jae-dong	9 January 1990
date of birth	Franz Karl Stanzel (born August 4, 1923 in Molln) is an Austrian literary theorist, specialised in English literature.	Franz Karl Stanzel	1923
date of birth	Robert-Jay Green (born 1948) is Founder and Senior Research Fellow of the Rockway Institute, and Distinguished Professor (Emeritus) in the Clinical Psychology PhD Program of the California School of Professional Psychology, a division of Alliant International University.	Robert-Jay Green	1948
date of birth	Klaus Glahn (born 23 March 1942) is a retired West German judoka who competed at the 1964 and 1972 Olympics.	Klaus Glahn	23 March 1942
date of birth	Simon Barjie (born 6 September 1978) is an Italian-born Gambian footballer now Free Agent.	Simon Barjie	6 September 1978
date of birth	Zhang Lifan (Chinese: 章立凡; pinyin: Zhāng Lìfán, born July 1950), is a Chinese writer, scholar and historian.	Zhang Lifan	1950
date of birth	Spencer Heath McCallum (born 1931), commonly known as Spencer MacCallum, is an American anthropologist, business consultant and author.	Spencer MacCallum	1931
date of birth	Malvin Hunter (born November 20, 1969) is a former American and Canadian football linebacker and defensive end in the World League of American Football (WLAF) and Canadian Football League (CFL).	Malvin Hunter	1969
date of birth	Rosa Luz Alegría Escamilla (born 1949) is a Mexican physicist who was the first woman to serve in the Mexican Executive Cabinet.	Rosa Luz Alegría	1949
date of birth	Gary Goodchild (born 27 January 1958) is a former English footballer who played in the Football League for Arsenal, Crystal Palace, Hereford United and Reading.	Gary Goodchild	27 January 1958
date of birth	Marcin Jaskulski (born 11 November 1977) is a Polish-born Australian journalist based in the north-western New South Wales town of Bourke.	Marcin Jaskulski	11 November 1977
date of birth	Soghomon Soghomonian, ordained and commonly known as Komitas, (Armenian: Կոմիտաս; 26 September 1869 -- 22 October 1935) was an Armenian priest, musicologist, composer, arranger, singer, and choirmaster, who is considered the founder of Armenian national school of music.	Komitas	26 September 1869
date of birth	Thomas R. Martin (born 1947) is an American historian who is a specialist in the history of the Greco-Roman world.	Thomas R. Martin	1947
date of birth	Phil Tate (28 April 1922 -- 9 December 2005) was an English dance bandleader.	Phil Tate	28 April 1922
date of birth	Fabian Hugh Poulin (born 9 February 1931 in Ottawa, Ontario) is a former Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.	Hugh Poulin	9 February 1931
date of birth	Yao Tandong (Chinese: 姚檀栋; born July 1954 in Gansu) is a Chinese glaciologist, a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS).	Yao Tandong	July 1954
date of birth	Alan Maxwell (1870 -- unknown) was a Scottish footballer who played in the Football League for Darwen, Everton and Stoke.	Alan Maxwell	1870
date of birth	George Humphrey Wolferstan Rylands CH CBE (23 October 1902 -- 16 January 1999), known as Dadie Rylands, was a British literary scholar and theatre director.	Dadie Rylands	23 October 1902
date of birth	Elizabeth Keawepoʻoʻole Sumner Chapman Achuck Lapana (December 1850 -- February 22, 1911) was a Hawaiian high chiefess during the Kingdom of Hawaii and lady-in-waiting of Princess Likelike.	Elizabeth Keawepoʻoʻole Sumner	December 1850
date of birth	Jon Espen Lohne (born 1964), is a Norwegian businessperson in the media sector.	Jon Espen Lohne	1964
date of birth	Mario Roberto Santucho (12 August 1936, Santiago del Estero--19 July 1976, Villa Martelli) was an Argentine revolutionary.	Mario Roberto Santucho	12 August 1936
date of birth	Yair Peretz (Hebrew: יאיר פרץ‎, born 1954) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Shas from 1999 until being convicted of fraudulently obtaining an academic degree in March 2006.	Yair Peretz	1954
date of birth	Tekle Kidane (born 30 August 1939 in Asmara (Abashawl)) is a former football player.	Tekle Kidane	30 August 1939
date of birth	Mark McNee (born 9 July 1981 in Adelaide) is an Australian short track speed skater.	Mark McNee	9 July 1981
date of birth	Richard Hampden (baptized 13 October 1631 -- 15 December 1695) was an English Whig politician and son of Ship money tax protestor John Hampden.	Richard Hampden	13 October 1631
date of birth	Mümtaz Tahincioğlu (born 1952 in Mardin, Turkey) is a former racing car driver and long-time president of the Turkish Motorsports Federation (TOSFED), FIA Council Member, and served as the secretary general of the sports club Galatasaray S.K..	Mümtaz Tahincioğlu	1952
date of birth	Otto Valdemar Koch (20 October 1852 - 24 February 1902) was a Danish architect and local politician.	Valdemar Koch	20 October 1852
date of birth	Edith Barretto Stevens Parsons (1878 Houston, Virginia -1956 New Canaan, Connecticut) was an American sculptor.	Edith Barretto Stevens Parsons	1878
date of birth	Nick de Bondt (born 21 April 1994) is a Dutch professional football player who currently plays as a left winger for FC Dordrecht, on loan from Go Ahead Eagles, in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Nick de Bondt	21 April 1994
date of birth	Jan Renier Snieders (22 November 1812 in Bladel -- 9 April 1888 in Turnhout), a brother of August Snieders, was a Flemish writer.	Jan Renier Snieders	22 November 1812
date of birth	Hà Thị Cầu (1928 - 3 March 2013) was a famous blind Vietnamese xẩm singer.	Hà Thị Cầu	1928
date of birth	Jorge Alberto Lozoya Legorreta (born 1943) is a Mexican diplomat with broad experience in international cooperation and cultural affairs.	Jorge Alberto Lozoya	1943
date of birth	Mohamed Serghini (born 1930) is a famous Moroccan poet.	Mohamed Serghini	1930
date of birth	Vladimir Gutiérrez Rodríguez (born in 1995) is a Cuban professional baseball pitcher.	Vladimir Gutiérrez	1995
date of birth	Wally Harper (c. 1941 -- October 8, 2004) was an American musical director, composer, conductor, dance arranger, and musical supervisor for many Broadway and Off-Broadway productions.	Wally Harper	1941
date of birth	Necdet Murat Özyer (born 31 March 1966, İstanbul) is a former Turkish national basketball player.	Murat Özyer	31 March 1966
date of birth	Emil Ivanov (Bulgarian: Емил Иванов, born 30 June 1962 in Sofia) is a Bulgarian former wrestler who won the world championship in 1986 and 1989.	Emil Ivanov	30 June 1962
date of birth	Pierre Ngolo (born 27 June 1954) is a Congolese politician who has been Secretary-General of the Congolese Labour Party (PCT) since August 2011.	Pierre Ngolo	27 June 1954
date of birth	William Pettigrew was born on 26 August 1825 at Tarbolton, Ayr, Scotland, the son of Robert Pettigrew (a farmer) and Mary McWhinnie.	William Pettigrew	26 August 1825
date of birth	Derek Hansen (London, 1944) is a novelist and short story writer.	Derek Hansen	1944
date of birth	William Buick (born 22 July 1988) is a Norwegian-born flat jockey who holds both British and Danish citizenship.	William Buick	1988
date of birth	Berndt Andreas Tilliander (born 1977) is a Swedish electronica, drone and techno producer who significantly contributed to the evolution of the 'clicks & cuts' genre with his first albums Cliphop (Raster.Noton) and Ljud (Mille Plateaux).	Andreas Tilliander	1977
date of birth	Chris Adshead (born 1952) is an Australian television director, mainly of comedy and soap operas, including The Young Doctors, A Country Practice, Blue Heelers and Neighbours.	Chris Adshead	1952
date of birth	Zeynab Javadli (Azeri: Zeynəb Cavadlı) (born 19 July 1991) is an Azerbaijani gymnast.	Zeynab Javadli	19 July 1991
date of birth	Peter Tomaily (Cyrillic: Петр Томайлы, born 21 October 1965 in Cioc-Maidan, Moldavian SSR) is a free market politician in Transnistria and a member of the Transnistrian parliament for the opposition party Renewal.	Peter Tomaily	21 October 1965
date of birth	Colonel Nico Ries (born 30 July 1953 in Luxembourg City) is a Luxembourgian soldier and former Chief of Defence of the Luxembourg Army.	Nico Ries	30 July 1953
date of birth	Andrea Menard (born 1971) is a Canadian actress, playwright, and jazz singer.	Andrea Menard	1971
date of birth	Shabnam Gholikhani (Persian: شبنم قلی خانی‎‎; born 10 November 1977) is an Iranian actress and television director.	Shabnam Gholikhani	10 November 1977
date of birth	William Daroff (born 1968) is the Senior Vice President for Public Policy and Director of the Washington Office of The Jewish Federations of North America (JFNA) formerly known as United Jewish Communities.	William Daroff	1968
date of birth	Oscar Kamau Kingara (July 14, 1971 - March 5, 2009) was a Kenyan lawyer and human rights activist.	Oscar Kamau Kingara	1971
date of birth	Petrese B. Tucker (born 1951) is the Chief United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.	Petrese B. Tucker	1951
date of birth	Anita Vogel was born on 24 November 1969 to an Armenian mother and an Eastern European father.	Anita Vogel	24 November 1969
date of birth	Yukihime Asada (born 4 December 1965), better known by her stage name Fubuki Takane (高嶺 ふぶき Takane Fubuki), is a Japanese actress and a former member of the Takarazuka Revue, where she specialized in playing male characters (Otokoyaku).	Fubuki Takane	4 December 1965
date of birth	Tigran Yesayan (Armenian: Տիգրան Եսայան, born 2 June 1972) is an Armenian football former player and coach.	Tigran Yesayan	2 June 1972
date of birth	Suzanne Lacy (born 1945) is an American artist, educator, and writer.	Suzanne Lacy	1945
date of birth	Ousmane Zongo (born c. 1960 -- May 22, 2003) was a Burkinabé arts trader living in New York City.	Ousmane Zongo	1960
date of birth	Ashok Mehta (1947- August 15, 2012) was a noted national film award winning Indian film cinematographer, known for films such as Bandit Queen (1994), 36 Chowringhee Lane (1981) and Utsav (1984).	Ashok Mehta	1947
date of birth	Bob Frazer (born 1971) is an award winning actor, born in Ontario.	Bob Frazer	1971
date of birth	Janko Ravnik (7 March 1891 -- 2 September 1981) was a Slovenian pianist, teacher, film director and composer.	Janko Ravnik	7 March 1891
date of birth	Maria Christina Lampe Önnerud (born 4 February 1967) is a Swedish chemist, battery-inventor and entrepreneur.	Christina Lampe Önnerud	4 February 1967
date of birth	Professor Li-kuo Fu (or Li Kuo Fu) (born 1934) worked for the Institute of Botany at the Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing.	Li-kuo Fu	1934
date of birth	Donald Henry Floyd (1892 -- 1965) was a painter known for his work in South East Wales.	Donald Henry Floyd	1892
date of birth	Stephen Ullmann (Hungarian: Ullmann István; 31 July 1914 -- 10 January 1976) was a Hungarian linguist who spent most of his life in England and wrote about style and semantics in Romance and common languages.	Stephen Ullmann	31 July 1914
date of birth	Finn Jarle Sæle (born 10 June 1947) is a Norwegian editor, activist, theologian and former priest.	Finn Jarle Sæle	10 June 1947
date of birth	Sofiane Chellat (born 12 January 1990) is a French Rugby union player.	Sofiane Chellat	12 January 1990
date of birth	Wilfrid North (16 January 1863 -- 3 June 1935), also spelled Wilfred North, was an Anglo-American film director, actor, and writer of the silent film era.	Wilfrid North	16 January 1863
date of birth	Raul Eshba (Abkhaz: Раул Эшба; Georgian: რაულ ეშბა) (1944-1993) was an ethnic Abkhaz politician who was killed in Sukhumi along with Zhiuli Shartava, Guram Gabiskiria and others by Abkhaz separatist rebels during the mass murder of Georges in Abkhazia on September 27, 1993.	Raul Eshba	1944
date of birth	Charlie Sevior (11 May 1908 -- 28 May 1988) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Charlie Sevior	11 May 1908
date of birth	Ivan Karetnikov (Russian: Иван Каретников; born 1942) is a retired Soviet swimmer who specialized in the 200 m breaststroke.	Ivan Karetnikov	1942
date of birth	Austen Fox Riggs (1876 - March 5, 1940) was an American psychiatrist and pioneering researcher in stress response.	Austen Fox Riggs	1876
date of birth	Luiza Gega (born 5 November 1988) is an Albanian athlete specializing in middle-distance running.	Luiza Gega	5 November 1988
date of birth	Levon Ambartsumian (Russian: Лево́н Амбарцумя́н; Armenian: Լևոն Համբարձումյան; born 1955) is an Armenian classical violinist and conductor.	Levon Ambartsumian	1955
date of birth	David Arthur Skinner (born 3 January 1980 on the Isle of Wight, UK) is a pianist, bandleader and composer known from performing all types of improvisation music, from early jazz and stride piano through bebop, swing and contemporary music.	David Arthur Skinner	3 January 1980
date of birth	Hedley Shaw (1866 -- November 29, 1921) was a miller and politician in Ontario.	Hedley Shaw	1866
date of birth	Carla Battaglia-Greene (born 1963), is a native of Centerville, Ohio.	Carla Battaglia-Greene	1963
date of birth	Elhan Rasulov (Azerbaijani: Elhan Rasulov, born 26 March 1960) is an Azerbaijani footballer who played for FC Karpaty Lviv.	Elhan Rasulov	26 March 1960
date of birth	Robert Tannahill was born at Castle Street in Paisley on 3 June 1774, the fourth son in a family of seven.	Robert Tannahill	3 June 1774
date of birth	Pope Martin V (Latin: Martinus V; January/February 1369 -- 20 February 1431), born Otto (or Oddone) Colonna, was Pope from 11 November 1417 to his death in 1431.	Pope Martin V	1369
date of birth	Ed Gebski is an artist from Amsterdam (1959 in Heerlen).	Ed Gebski	1959
date of birth	Roisin Conaty (/ˈroʊʃiːn ˈkɔːnətiː/; born 26 March 1979) is an English comedian.	Roisin Conaty	26 March 1979
date of birth	Adego Erhiawarie Eferakeya was born at Adagbrasa of Aghalokpe, Okpe Local Government Area, Delta State, Nigeria, on 9 July 1940.	Adego Erhiawarie Eferakeya	9 July 1940
date of birth	Art Ó Laoghaire (IPA:ˈaɾˠt̪ˠoːˈl̪ˠiːəɾʲə, also Airt Ó Laoghaire or Art O'Leary, born 1746, died May 4, 1773), an Irish Roman Catholic, was a captain in the Hungarian Hussars Regiment of the army of Maria Theresa of Austria.	Art Ó Laoghaire	1746
date of birth	Marisol Misenta (born 6 March 1972), known professionally under the mononym Isol, is an Argentine creator of children's picture books and a pop singer.	Isol	6 March 1972
date of birth	Neil Lyne (born 4 April 1970) is an English former professional footballer who played as a winger in the Football League for Nottingham Forest, Walsall, Shrewsbury Town, Cambridge United, Chesterfield, Hereford United and Northampton Town.	Neil Lyne	4 April 1970
date of birth	Hristo Arangelov (Bulgarian: Христо Арангелов; born 25 February 1978) is a Bulgarian former footballer who spent his career at Pirin Blagoevgrad, Minyor Pernik, Marek Dupnitsa, Dunav Ruse, Hebar Pazardzhik, Spartak Varna and Balkan Botevgrad.	Hristo Arangelov	25 February 1978
date of birth	Tim Cindric (born 1968) is the President of Team Penske.	Tim Cindric	1968
date of birth	Bantoo Singh (born 17 February 1963), also spelled as Bantu Singh, is a former Indian first-class cricketer who played for Delhi cricket team from 1985/86 to 1995/96.	Bantoo Singh	17 February 1963
date of birth	David Moran (29 June 1988) is an Irish Gaelic footballer with Kerins O'Rahilly's and Kerry senior football team.	David Moran	29 June 1988
date of birth	Paul Ormond (born 18 August 1977 near Templemore, County Tipperary) is an Irish sportsperson.	Paul Ormond	18 August 1977
date of birth	Smriti Mandhana (born 18 July 1996) is an Indian cricketer who plays for the Indian women's cricket team.	Smriti Mandhana	18 July 1996
date of birth	Charles Tchen (born 17 September 1945) is a Gabonese engineer and businessman.	Charles Tchen	17 September 1945
date of birth	Louis-Christophe Zaleski-Zamenhof (born Ludwik Krzysztof Zamenhof, 23 January 1925) is a civil and marine engineer, specializing in the design of structural steel and concrete construction.	Louis-Christophe Zaleski-Zamenhof	23 January 1925
date of birth	Amdhan Ali (born 11 September 1992) is a Maldivian footballer, commonly known as Andy.	Amdhan Ali	11 September 1992
date of birth	Urani Rumbo was born in December 1895 in Stegopul, a village near Gjirokastër in southern Albania.	Urani Rumbo	December 1895
date of birth	Stéphane Christidis (Nice, 4 June 1981) is a French sailor.	Stéphane Christidis	4 June 1981
date of birth	Geoff Moriarty (28 October 1871 -- 29 October 1948) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy from the inaugural Victorian Football League season in 1897.	Geoff Moriarty	28 October 1871
date of birth	Craig Shergold (born 24 June 1979) is a British former cancer patient who received an estimated 350 million greeting cards, earning him a place in the Guinness Book of World Records.	Craig Shergold	24 June 1979
date of birth	Larisa Arap (Russian: Лари́са Ива́новна Ара́п; born in 1958) is a Russian opposition activist who became a victim of involuntary commitment in the psychiatric facilities of Murmansk and Apatity, soon after publishing her article about mistreatment of patients in the same hospital where she was committed in July, 2007.	Larisa Arap	1958
date of birth	Nitin Sahrawat (Hindi: नितिन सहरावत), (Born 13 August 1981), is an Indian television actor and a model.	Nitin Sahrawat	13 August 1981
date of birth	Jean Matheus (1590--1672) was a 17th-century French engraver who flourished during the 1620s.	Jean Matheus	1590
date of birth	Bob de Vries (born 16 December 1984, Haule) is a Dutch professional marathon speed skater and long track speed skater.	Bob de Vries	16 December 1984
date of birth	Charles Sherwood Noble (1873 -- July 5, 1957) invented a minimum disturbance cultivator called the Noble blade.	Charles Sherwood Noble	1873
date of birth	Maximiliano Vallejo (born 24 April 1982) is an Argentine professional football player currently playing for Nacional Potosí in the Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano.	Maximiliano Vallejo	24 April 1982
date of birth	Maria Cherkasova (born 1938) is a journalist, ecologist, and director of Centre for Independent Ecological Programmers (CIEP).	Maria Cherkasova	1938
date of birth	Fabienne Reuteler (born 2 September 1979) is a Swiss snowboarder and Olympic medalist.	Fabienne Reuteler	2 September 1979
date of birth	Jarman Impey (born 9 July 1995) is an indigenous Australian rules footballer for the Port Adelaide Football Club in the AFL.	Jarman Impey	9 July 1995
date of birth	Marni Kotak (born 1974) is an American artist best known for her durational performance/exhibition The Birth of Baby X, in which she gave birth to her son Baby X (aka Baby Ajax) as a live performance at Microscope Gallery in Brooklyn, NY, USA, on October 25, 2011.	Marni Kotak	1974
date of birth	Jim Self (born 1943) is an American tubist and composer from Los Angeles.	Jim Self	1943
date of birth	Julia Christensen (born 1976) is a multidisciplinary artist and writer based in Oberlin, Ohio.	Julia Christensen	1976
date of birth	Horace Panter (born Stephen Graham Panter, 30 August 1953) also known as Sir Horace Gentleman, is the bassist for the British 2 Tone ska band The Specials.	Horace Panter	30 August 1953
date of birth	Humphrey Campbell (born 26 February 1958 in Suriname) is a Dutch singer and record producer of Surinamese descent, known for his participation in the 1992 Eurovision Song Contest.	Humphrey Campbell	26 February 1958
date of birth	Abraão José Bueno (born 1977) is a Brazilian nurse and serial killer.	Abraão José Bueno	1977
date of birth	Robert Rietti, born Lucio Rietti and usually credited as Robert Rietty (8 February 1923 -- 3 April 2015), was an English actor and director of Italian heritage.	Robert Rietti	8 February 1923
date of birth	Alfred Hume (1866--1950) was the Chancellor of the University of Mississippi from 1924 to 1930, and from 1932 to 1935.	Alfred Hume	1866
date of birth	Saulius Ritter (born 23 August 1988) is a Lithuanian rower, best known for winning a gold medal at the 2011 European Rowing Championships.	Saulius Ritter	23 August 1988
date of birth	Pietro Camporese the Elder (1726--1781) was an Italian architect.	Pietro Camporese the Elder	1726
date of birth	Filippo Scaglia (born 31 January 1992) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Cittadella as a centre back.	Filippo Scaglia	31 January 1992
date of birth	Henry Shefflin (born 11 January 1979) is an Irish hurler who played as a centre-forward for the Kilkenny senior team.	Henry Shefflin	11 January 1979
date of birth	Floyd Sonnier (1933 to April 6, 2002), known as ``beau Cajun'' or the ``artist of the Cajuns,'' was a native of Pointe Noire, Louisiana and a lifelong resident of Louisiana's Acadiana region.	Floyd Sonnier	1933
date of birth	Vikas Thakur (born 14 November 1993) is an Indian weightlifter, who won silver in the men's 85 kg weight class at the 2014 Commonwealth Games at Glasgow, Scotland.	Vikas Thakur	14 November 1993
date of birth	Caterina Scarpellini (29 October 1808 -- 28 November 1873), was an Italian astronomer and meteorologist.	Caterina Scarpellini	1808
date of birth	Bobby Stuart (9 October 1913 -- 1987) was a professional footballer who played as a defender for Middlesbrough, Plymouth Argyle and Whitby Town.	Bobby Stuart	9 October 1913
date of birth	Friedrich Werner (Gottleuba, Pirna, 3 October 1621 - 1660s?) was a German cornettist under Heinrich Schütz at the Dresden court.	Friedrich Werner	3 October 1621
date of birth	Tomasz Witkowski (born 1963) is a Polish psychologist, skeptic and science writer.	Tomasz Witkowski	1963
date of birth	Julia Hamer-Bevis (née Hamer; born 19 October 1971), better known by her ring names Sweet Saraya and Saraya Knight, is an English professional wrestler and promoter.	Sweet Saraya	19 October 1971
date of birth	Jing Wenchun (Chinese: 景文春; born May 1949) is a retired lieutenant general (zhong jiang) of the People's Liberation Army Air Force (PLAAF) of China.	Jing Wenchun	1949
date of birth	Jules Deseilligny (1868--1918), full name Jules Alfred Pierrot Deseilligny, was a French selenographer.	Jules Alfred Pierrot Deseilligny	1868
date of birth	Nelson W. Aldrich Jr. (born 1935) is an American editor and the author of Old Money:	Nelson W. Aldrich Jr.	1935
date of birth	Jody Rainwater aka Little Jody Rainwater (born Charles Edward Johnson, Surry County, North Carolina, 1920 -- died Richmond, Virginia, December 24, 2011) was an American bluegrass musician and radio personality.	Jody Rainwater	1920
date of birth	Antoni Imiela (born 1954) is a convicted British rapist who grew up in County Durham, England.	Antoni Imiela	1954
date of birth	Christian Ganczarski (born 1966) is a German citizen of Polish ancestry who converted to Islam.	Christian Ganczarski	1966
date of birth	Serge Strosberg (born in October, 1966) is a Belgian painter living in SOHO, NYC since 2008.	Serge Strosberg	1966
date of birth	Mario Livio (born 1945) is an Israeli astrophysicist and an author of works that popularize science and mathematics.	Mario Livio	1945
date of birth	Qian Yitai (Chinese: 钱逸泰; born 1941) is a Chinese chemist and a professor at University of Science and Technology of China.	Qian Yitai	1941
date of birth	Chris Tse (born 19 June 1989) is a Canadian spoken word poet, motivational speaker, and hip hop artist of Chinese descent.	Chris Tse	19 June 1989
date of birth	John Johnson, Sr. (1770 - July 30, 1824) was a Maryland attorney and judge, and the fourth Chancellor of Maryland, from 1821 to 1824.	John Johnson, Sr.	1770
date of birth	Dzmitry Lebedzew (Belarusian: Дзмітрый Лебедзеў; Russian: Дмитрий Лебедев; born 13 May 1986) is a Belarusian professional footballer, who plays as a striker for Gorodeya.	Dzmitry Lebedzew	13 May 1986
date of birth	William H. Gerstenmaier (born September, 1954) is the current Associate Administrator for Human Exploration and Operations for NASA, holding this position since 2005.	William H. Gerstenmaier	September, 1954
date of birth	Ung Thị (14 October 1913 - 10 February 2001) was a prominent Vietnamese businessman who, together with his wife Nguyen Thi Nguyet Nga, built and operated the Rex Hotel and Cinema in Ho Chi Minh City.	Ung Thị	14 October 1913
date of birth	Patrick Sookhdeo (born 20 March 1947) is the director of the Institute for the Study of Islam and Christianity and was for 22 years International Director of the Barnabas Fund.	Patrick Sookhdeo	20 March 1947
date of birth	María Xesús Pato Díaz (born 29 August 1955, in Ourense, Galicia), most commonly known as Chus Pato, is a Galician writer and political activist.	Chus Pato	29 August 1955
date of birth	Viktor Lőrincz (born 28 April 1990) is a Hungarian Greco-Roman wrestler.	Viktor Lőrincz	28 April 1990
date of birth	Lal Mani Joshi (27 July 1935, Kumaon Hills, Uttarakhand, India -- 16 July 1984, Delhi, India) was an eminent Buddhist scholar and professor of comparative religions and Buddhist studies in a number of distinguished universities of India and USA.	Lal Mani Joshi	27 July 1935
date of birth	Elanson Henry Lacy, known as Harry Lacy (1853 - December 14, 1920) was an American actor, a star in his time best known for playing the role of Jack Manley in the hit play The Still Alarm in the 1880s and 1890s.	Harry Lacy	1853
date of birth	Gene H. Bell-Villada (born 1941 in Haiti) is an American literary critic, novelist, translator and memoirist, with strong interests in Latin American Writing, Modernism, and Magic Realism.	Gene H. Bell-Villada	1941
date of birth	Dr Carolyn Browne (born 19 October 1958 in Yorkshire) is a British diplomat, currently Ambassador to Kazakhstan.	Carolyn Browne	19 October 1958
date of birth	Felipe Fernández-Armesto (born 1950) is a British historian and author of several popular works of history.	Felipe Fernández-Armesto	1950
date of birth	Jacquie O'Neill (born 1969 in Yorkshire, England) is an English illustrator.	Jacquie O'Neill	1969
date of birth	Hal Bennett, born George Harold Bennett (1936 -- 2004), was an author known for a variety of books.	Hal Bennett	1936
date of birth	Sharon McPherson (born 16 June 1965) is a Scottish writer and book publisher.	Sharon McPherson	16 June 1965
date of birth	Jennie Fletcher (19 March 1890 -- 17 January 1968), later known by her married name Jennie Hyslop, was a British competitive swimmer, Olympic gold medallist, and former world record-holder.	Jennie Fletcher	19 March 1890
date of birth	Salman Butt (Punjabi/Urdu: سلمان بٹ ‎, Salmān Buṭṭ; born 7 October 1984) is a Pakistani cricketer who was jailed in Britain for match fixing in 2011.	Salman Butt	7 October 1984
date of birth	Richard Van Camp (born 8 September 1971) is a Tłı̨chǫ writer from Fort Smith, Northwest Territories.	Richard Van Camp	8 September 1971
date of birth	Ofer Shelah (Hebrew: עפר שלח‎, born 9 February 1960) is an Israeli journalist and politician.	Ofer Shelah	9 February 1960
date of birth	Christopher Neil (born 1948) is a British record producer, songwriter, singer and actor.	Christopher Neil	1948
date of birth	Gaius or Gnaeus Hosidius Geta (ca 20 - aft. 95) was a Roman Senator and general who lived in the 1st century.	Gnaeus Hosidius Geta	20
date of birth	Sardar Qamar Zaman Khan (Urdu:سردار قمر زمان خان) was born on 19 August 1952, in village Panyali Tehsil and District Bagh, Azad Kashmir.	Sardar Qamar Zaman Khan	19 August 1952
date of birth	Rachel Wyse (born 22 January 1985 in Dublin) is an Irish Sky Sports News anchor and equestrian show jumper.	Rachel Wyse	22 January 1985
date of birth	Walid Hamid Tawfiq al-Tikriti (Arabic: وليد حميد توفيق التكريتي‎) (or Walid Hamid Tawfiq al-Nasiri) (born 1954) was the Governor of Basra from September 2002 to April 2003 and the Director of the Iraqi Special Security Organization from June 2001 to September 2002.	Walid Hamid Tawfiq al-Tikriti	1954
date of birth	Frank Drown (born ca. 1920) is an American author and former missionary.	Frank Drown	1920
date of birth	Melinda Schneider (born 7 October 1971, as Melinda-Jane Bean) is an Australian country music performer and songwriter.	Melinda Schneider	7 October 1971
date of birth	Sampooran Singh Kalra (born 18 August 1934), known popularly by his pen name Gulzar, is an Indian poet, lyricist and film director.	Gulzar	18 August 1934
date of birth	Filippo Magnini (Italian pronunciation: (fiˈlippo maɲˈɲini); born 2 February 1982) is an Italian swimmer, who was twice 100 metres freestyle World champion and three times European champion at that distance.	Filippo Magnini	2 February 1982
date of birth	Murad Qureshi (born 27 May 1965) is a British Labour and Co-operative Party politician, and a Member of the London Assembly.	Murad Qureshi	27 May 1965
date of birth	Albert Chartier (16 June 1912 -- 25 February 2004) was a French-Canadian cartoonist and illustrator, best known for having created the comic strip Onésime.	Albert Chartier	16 June 1912
date of birth	Margaretha Byström (born 2 August 1937 in Stockholm) is a Swedish actress (film, theater, television), writer and director.	Margaretha Byström	2 August 1937
date of birth	Neil Clephane-Cameron (born Neil Clephane Cameron, 4 October 1960) is a historian, writer and actor from Battle in East Sussex (Great Britain).	Neil Clephane-Cameron	4 October 1960
date of birth	Amos Hadar (Hebrew: עמוס הדר‎‎ 7 September 1923 -- 13 January 2014) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment between 1974 and 1981.	Amos Hadar	7 September 1923
date of birth	Miles Tredinnick, also known as Riff Regan, (born Warrington 18 February 1955) is a rock musician, songwriter and a stage and screenwriter.	Miles Tredinnick	18 February 1955
date of birth	Candice Cohen-Ahnine (c. 1977 -- 16 August 2012) was a French Jewish mother involved in a legal battle with Saudi Prince Sattam bin Khalid bin Nasser Al Saud over custody for her child Aya, who she said was kidnapped from her.	Candice Cohen-Ahnine	1977
date of birth	Tunde Jegede (born 28 January 1972) is a composer and multi-instrumentalist in contemporary classical, African and pop music, who was born in England and as a child travelled to Africa to learn the art of the kora.	Tunde Jegede	28 January 1972
date of birth	Du Fuwei (598?-624), known during service to Tang Dynasty as Li Fuwei (李伏威), was an agrarian leader who rose against the rule of Emperor Yang of Sui at the end of the Chinese dynasty Sui Dynasty.	Du Fuwei	598
date of birth	Judith Chazin-Bennahum (born 8 April 1937) is a ballet dancer, choreographer, dance historian, writer, and educator.	Judith Chazin-Bennahum	8 April 1937
date of birth	Kerstin Lindblad-Toh, born 1970, is a Swedish scientist.	Kerstin Lindblad-Toh	1970
date of birth	Anne Clausdatter, also known as Anne Arnold and Anna Clausdatter (born 5 June 1659 in Skien, died 11 April 1713 at Borgestad Manor) was a Norwegian businesswoman and owner of Borgestad Manor in Skien, one of the largest estates of Bratsberg.	Anne Clausdatter	1659
date of birth	Jack Preger (born 25 July 1930 in Manchester, England) is a British doctor who has been offering medical treatment as well as vocational training to the poor in the Indian city of Kolkata and in other parts of West Bengal since 1972.	Jack Preger	25 July 1930
date of birth	Jessica Martin (born 25 August 1962, Fulham, London) is an English actress, singer and impressionist whose career has diversified to include comic writing and illustrating.	Jessica Martin	25 August 1962
date of birth	Helmi Loussaief (born 12 February 1986) is a French born, Tunisian football player who currently plays for PKNS FC as a Midfielder in the Malaysia Super League.	Helmi Loussaief	12 February 1986
date of birth	Julie Fowlis (born 20 June 1979) is a Scottish folk singer and multi-instrumentalist who sings primarily in Scottish Gaelic.	Julie Fowlis	1979
date of birth	Nancy Davenport (born 1965 Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian photographer.	Nancy Davenport	1965
date of birth	Neil Coulbeck (1952 -- July 11, 2006) was a banker with the Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS).	Neil Coulbeck	1952
date of birth	Kaye Donachie (born 1970 in Glasgow) is a contemporary British painter based in London.	Kaye Donachie	1970
date of birth	María Fernanda Navia Cardona (born 1 January 1979 in Bogotá) is a Colombian journalist, model, and former beauty queen.	María Fernanda Navia	1 January 1979
date of birth	Joanna Krupa (Polish pronunciation: (jɔˈanːa ˈkrupa); born 23 April 1979) is a Polish American model, actress and animal rights activist.	Joanna Krupa	23 April 1979
date of birth	Bogdan Stoyanov (Bulgarian: Богдан Стоянов) born 24 March 1987 is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing for FC Pirin Blagoevgrad as a midfielder.	Bogdan Stoyanov	24 March 1987
date of birth	John Jacob Faesch (1726 -- 1799) was a Swiss ironmaster who established the Mount Hope Iron Furnace in the Mount Hope village section of Rockaway Township, New Jersey in 1772 which played an important role in providing munitions and tools during the Revolutionary War.	John Jacob Faesch	1726
date of death	Claudine Bouché (27 September 1925 -- 7 April 2014) was a French film editor.	Claudine Bouché	7 April 2014
date of death	Sir Albert Ruskin Cook, CMG, OBE, MD (22 March 1870 -- 23 April 1951) was a British born medical missionary in Uganda, and founder of Mulago Hospital and Mengo Hospital.	Albert Ruskin Cook	23 April 1951
date of death	Elizabeth Ogborne (1763 / 4 -- 22 December 1853) was a British Antiquary for Essex.	Elizabeth Ogborne	22 December 1853
date of death	Rosa Frederica Baring FitzGeorge (9 March 1854 - 10 March 1927), was the second daughter of Mr. William Henry Baring, J.P. and Elizabeth Hammersley, of Norman Court in West Tytherley, Hampshire, England.	Rosa Frederica Baring FitzGeorge	10 March 1927
date of death	William Cecil, 17th Baron de Ros of Helmsley (May 1590 -- 27 June 1618).	William Cecil, 17th Baron de Ros	27 June 1618
date of death	Anton Füster, also spelled as Fister (5 January 1808 -- 12 March 1881) was an Austrian Roman Catholic priest, theologian, pedagogue, radical political activist and author of Slovene origin.	Anton Füster	12 March 1881
date of death	Henry Raine Barker (11 November 1829 - 1902) was an English lawyer, banker and rower who won three events at Henley Royal Regatta in the same year in 1852 Barker was the son of Richard Barker of London.	Henry Raine Barker	1902
date of death	Henry Steedman (1866--1953) was a Scottish-born Australian botanist.	Henry Steedman	1953
date of death	Beatriz Balzi (Buenos Aires 1936--2001) was a renowned Argentinean pianist, professor and musicologist specialized in contemporary Latin-American music.	Beatriz Balzi	2001
date of death	Sir Richard Buller (1578--1642) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1621 and 1642.	Richard Buller	1642
date of death	John Barkstead (died 1662) was an English Major-General and Regicide.	John Barkstead	1662
date of death	Pietro Giovanni Abbati (in English, Peter John Abbati) (1683-1745) was an Italian set designer, painter and engraver.	Pietro Giovanni Abbati	1745
date of death	Zheng Yingtao (Chinese: 鄭櫻桃; died 349) was an empress of the Chinese/Jie state Later Zhao.	Zheng Yingtao	349
date of death	Rinus van den Bosch (January 10, 1938 -- 14 April 1996) was a Dutch artist, who worked as sculptor, photographer, installation artist, painter, and draftsman.	Rinus van den Bosch	14 April 1996
date of death	Ralph Hart Tweddell (25 May 1843 -- 3 September 1895) was a British mechanical engineer, known particularly for inventing the portable hydraulic riveter, which greatly facilitated the construction of boilers, bridges and ships.	Ralph Hart Tweddell	1895
date of death	Gavin Milroy (1805--1886) was a Scottish physician and medical writer.	Gavin Milroy	1886
date of death	Chiang Yee (simplified Chinese: 蒋彝; traditional Chinese: 蔣彝, Pinyin: Jiǎng Yí, Wade--Giles: Chiang Yee) (19 May 1903 -- 26 October 1977), self-styled as ``The Silent Traveller'', was a Chinese poet, author, painter and calligrapher.	Chiang Yee	26 October 1977
date of death	Kozaburo Hirai (平井康三郎; 10 September 1910 - 30 November 2002) was a Japanese composer and professor of music.	Kozaburo Hirai	30 November 2002
date of death	Ernie McAlpine (11 February 1902 -- 1 June 1984) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ernie McAlpine	1 June 1984
date of death	William J. Henry (c.1867--1955) was an American hymn writer and evangelist.	William J. Henry	1955
date of death	Alexander Catsch (also Katsch; 1913--1976) was a German-Russian medical doctor and radiation biologist.	Alexander Catsch	1976
date of death	Robert Dundas, 2nd Viscount Melville KT, PC, FRS (14 March 1771 -- 10 June 1851) was a British statesman, the son of Henry Dundas, the 1st Viscount.	Robert Dundas, 2nd Viscount Melville	10 June 1851
date of death	Henry Sloane Cooper (September 12, 1888 -- 1970) was an Ontario embroidery manufacturer and political figure.	Henry Sloane Cooper	1970
date of death	Juan Maria Schuver (born as- Joannes Maria Schuver) (February 26, 1852 - August 1883) was a Dutch explorer who was a native of Amsterdam.	Juan Maria Schuver	1883
date of death	Fanny Umphelby (1788-- 9 April 1852) was a British author who authored a popular primer known by the shortened title The Child's Guide to Knowledge, ... by a Lady.	Fanny Umphelby	1852
date of death	Árpád Prandler (23 February 1930 -- 5 February 2014) was a Hungarian jurist, who served as an Ad Litem Judge of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia based in The Hague, Netherlands between 2006 and 2013.	Árpád Prandler	5 February 2014
date of death	Basil Mesardonites was the Catapan of Italy, representing the Byzantine Emperor there, from 1010 to 1016 or 1017.	Basil Mesardonites	1017
date of death	Philips Vingboons (or Vinckboons, Vinckeboons, Vinckbooms) (c. 1607 -- 2 October 1678) was a Dutch architect.	Philips Vingboons	2 October 1678
date of death	Charles Chewings (16 April 1859 -- 9 June 1937) was an Australian geologist and anthropologist.	Charles Chewings	9 June 1937
date of death	Stanley Middleton FRSL (1 August 1919 -- 25 July 2009) was a British novelist.	Stanley Middleton	25 July 2009
date of death	William Dressler (1890--1969) was a cardiologist born in Poland, who went on to become a Director of Cardiology at Maimonides Medical Center.	William Dressler	1969
date of death	Fang Zhenwu (Chinese: 方振武; pinyin: Fāng Zhènwǔ) (1885 -- December 1941) was a Chinese military officer in the early 20th century.	Fang Zhenwu	December 1941
date of death	Heinz Arnold (12 February 1919 in Flöha in Saxony -- 17 April 1945) was a former German Luftwaffe fighter ace.	Heinz Arnold	17 April 1945
date of death	Count Franz von Oppersdorff (1778 - 1818) was a Silesian nobleman and a great lover of music, who commissioned Beethoven's Fourth and Fifth Symphonies.	Franz von Oppersdorff	1818
date of death	Edward Fortunatus (or in German Eduard Fortunat) of Baden (17 September 1565 -- 8 June 1600) was Margrave of Baden-Rodemachern and Baden-Baden.	Edward Fortunatus	8 June 1600
date of death	Sir Herbert Ashman, 1st Baronet (11 June 1854 -- 26 September 1914) was the first Lord Mayor of Bristol.	Herbert Ashman	26 September 1914
date of death	Khanlar Safaraliyev (Azerbaijani: Xanlar Səfərəliyev) (c.1878 -- 19 September 1907) was an Azerbaijani oil field worker, labor organizer, and Moslem social democrat.	Khanlar Safaraliyev	19 September 1907
date of death	Sir John Benjamin Macneill FRS (1793 -- 2 March 1880) was an eminent Irish civil engineer of the 19th century, closely associated with Thomas Telford.	John Benjamin Macneill	2 March 1880
date of death	Krobo Edusei (26 December 1915 -- 13 February 1984) was a Ghanaian politician and a high-profile member of Kwame Nkrumah's government.	Krobo Edusei	13 February 1984
date of death	Hugh Ottaway (1925 -- 6 November 1979) was a prominent British writer on concert music.	Hugh Ottaway	6 November 1979
date of death	Josef Hassid (Polish: Józef Chasyd) (28 December 1923 -- 7 November 1950) was a Polish violinist.	Josef Hassid	7 November 1950
date of death	Sir Robert Austen, 3rd Baronet (March 1664 - June 1706), was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1699 to 1701.	Sir Robert Austen, 3rd Baronet	June 1706
date of death	Herbert Thewlis (31 August 1865 -- 30 November 1920) was an English first-class cricketer, who played two matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club in 1888, against the MCC and Gloucestershire.	Herbert Thewlis	30 November 1920
date of death	Domenico Merlini (Polish: Dominik Merlini) (22 February 1730 -- 20 February 1797) was an Italian-Polish architect whose work was mostly in the classical style.	Domenico Merlini	20 February 1797
date of death	Sir Leon Bagrit (13 March 1902 -- 22 April 1979) was a leading British industrialist and pioneer of automation.	Leon Bagrit	22 April 1979
date of death	Johan Nordhagen (23 March 1856 in Veldre -- 28 August 1956) was a Norwegian painter and artist.	Johan Nordhagen	28 August 1956
date of death	Stefan Kunicki (Ukrainian: Стефан Куницький) of Sas Coat of Arms (died 1684) was a hetman of Right-bank Ukraine.	Stefan Kunicki	1684
date of death	Sampson Hopkins (died 1622) was an English merchant and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1614 and 1622.	Sampson Hopkins	1622
date of death	Wu Jiaji (Chinese: 吳嘉紀; Wade--Giles: Wu Chia-chi, 1618--1684) was a Chinese poet, and an associate of the official and literary figure Zhou Lianggong.	Wu Jiaji	1684
date of death	Xu Ling (Chinese: 徐陵; pinyin: Xú Líng) (507--583) was the compiler and editor of the famous poetry anthology New Songs from the Jade Terrace during the poetically prolific Southern Dynasties era, 420--589.	Xu Ling	583
date of death	Shaun Wylie (17 January 1913 -- 2 October 2009) was a British mathematician and World War II codebreaker.	Shaun Wylie	2 October 2009
date of death	Luis de Velasco y Velasco, 2nd Count of Salazar, 1st Marquess of Belvedere, (Valladolid, Spain, 1559 -- Dunkirk, Spanish Netherlands (present-day France), 1625), was a Spanish military commander during the French Wars of Religion and the Eighty Years' War.	Luis de Velasco y Velasco, 2nd Count of Salazar	1625
date of death	Admiral Rainer Feist (12 April 1945 -- 19 May 2007) was an officer in the German Navy until his retirement in 2004.	Rainer Feist	19 May 2007
date of death	Luis Antonio Regalado Reyes (b. January 10, 1922 -- † 2001) was a Salvadoran footballer and coach.	Luis Antonio Regalado	2001
date of death	Ferdinando Cavalleri (1794--1867) was an Italian history and portrait painter.	Ferdinando Cavalleri	1867
date of death	One records a Jehans Erardi dying in 1258 while another records Jehan Erart dying in 1259.	Jehan Erart	1259
date of death	Gabriele Serbelloni, better known as Gabrio Serbelloni (also Gabrio Cerbellon in Spanish), (1509 - January 1580) was an Italian condottiero and general.	Gabrio Serbelloni	January 1580
date of death	Børge Olsen-Hagen (10 February 1883 -- 13 September 1936) was a Norwegian journalist, newspaper editor and politician.	Børge Olsen-Hagen	13 September 1936
date of death	Christopher Terne M.D. (also Tearne) (1620--1673) was an English physician.	Christopher Terne	1673
date of death	Kereopa Te Rau (? -- 5 January 1872) was a leader of Pai Marire (Hauhau), a Māori religion.	Kereopa Te Rau	1872
date of death	Friedrich Gottlob Uhlemann (26 November 1792, Zeitz -- 19 April 1864) was a German Protestant theologian and educator best known as the author of orientalist grammar works.	Friedrich Gottlob Uhlemann	1864
date of death	Moritz Roth (25 December 1839, in Basel -- 4 November 1914, in Gottlieben am Untersee) was a Swiss pathologist remembered for describing Roth's spots.	Moritz Roth	4 November 1914
date of death	Dhimitër Ilo (? - 1947) was an Albanian patriot from Korçë, back then Ottoman Empire.	Dhimitër Ilo	1947
date of death	Hugo Wenzel (23 August 1891 -- 24 January 1940) was a German politician (SPD, USPD, KPD).	Hugo Wenzel	1940
date of death	Edmond de Burca (died 1514) was 12th Mac William Iochtar and lord of Lower (North) Connacht, Ireland.	Edmond de Burca	1514
date of death	Yaqut al-Musta'simi (also Yakut-i Musta'simi) (died 1298) was a well-known calligrapher and secretary of the last Abbasid caliph.	Yaqut al-Musta'simi	1298
date of death	Ambrosius Francken I (1544--1618) was a Flemish painter known for his religious works and historical allegories painted in a late Mannerist style.	Ambrosius Francken I	1618
date of death	George Challenor (28 June 1888 -- 30 July 1947) was a West Indian cricketer who was part of the first West Indies Test side.	George Challenor	30 July 1947
date of death	Belu Zilber (born Herbert Zilber; October 14, 1901--February 1978) was a Romanian communist activist.	Belu Zilber	February 1978
date of death	Richard Penderel (c.1606 - 7 February 1672) was a Roman Catholic farmer, and a supporter of the Royalist cause during the English Civil War.	Richard Penderel	1672
date of death	Matilda Alice Victoria Wood, (12 February 1870 -- 7 October 1922), professionally known as Marie Lloyd /ˈmɑːri/; was an English music hall singer, comedian and musical theatre actress during the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	Marie Lloyd	7 October 1922
date of death	Hedwig of Gudensberg, also known as Hedwig of Hesse (1098--1148) was a member of the Gisones family.	Hedwig of Gudensberg	1148
date of death	Luciano Pistoi (1927--1995), art critic, dealer, journalist and publisher, promoter and organizer of cultural events.	Luciano Pistoi	1995
date of death	Francis Bennon Ducrue was a missionary in Mexico, b. in Munich, Bavaria, of French parents, 10 June 1721; d. there 30 March 1779.	Francis Bennon Ducrue	30 March 1779
date of death	Arnt Eliassen (9 September 1915 -- 22 April 2000) was a Norwegian meteorologist who was a pioneer in the use of numerical analysis and computers for weather forecasting.	Arnt Eliassen	22 April 2000
date of death	Dominique Heckmes (1 September 1878 -- 4 February 1938) was a Luxembourgian composer and music critic.	Dominique Heckmes	4 February 1938
date of death	Sir John Doddridge (Doderidge or Dodderidge, etc.) (1555--1628) was an English lawyer, appointed Justice of the King's Bench in 1612 and served as Member of Parliament for Barnstaple in 1589 and for Horsham in 1604.	John Doddridge	1628
date of death	James Howell (c. 1594 -- 1666) was a 17th-century Anglo-Welsh historian and writer who is in many ways a representative figure of his age.	James Howell	1666
date of death	Antonín Pospíšil (6 October 1903 -- 15 June 1973) was a Czechoslovakian politician of the Catholic Czechoslovakian People's Party during the Communist Party's rule, when other legal parties had to play the role of CP satellites.	Antonín Pospíšil	15 June 1973
date of death	Finn Lambrechts DFC (16 June 1900 -- 8 December 1956) was a Norwegian military officer, a Lieutenant General of the Royal Norwegian Air Force.	Finn Lambrechts	8 December 1956
date of death	Viola of Teschen, later known as Elizabeth (Polish: Wiola Elżbieta cieszyńska, Czech: Viola Alžběta Těšínská) (ca. 1291 -- 21 September 1317), was a Polish princess member of the House of Piast in the Cieszyn branch and by marriage Queen of Bohemia and Poland.	Viola of Teschen	21 September 1317
date of death	Sir Archibald Russell, CBE, FRS (30 May 1904 -- 29 May 1995) was a British aerospace engineer who worked most of his career at the Bristol Aeroplane Company, before becoming managing director of the Filton Division when Bristol merged into British Aircraft Corporation in 1960.	Archibald Russell	29 May 1995
date of death	Hugh de Lacy, 1st Earl of Ulster (~1176 -- after December 26, 1242) was the younger son of Hugh de Lacy, Lord of Meath.	Hugh de Lacy, 1st Earl of Ulster	1242
date of death	Frans Mortelmans (Antwerp, 1 May 1865 -- Antwerp, 11 April 1936) was a Belgian painter, draughtsman and engraver.	Frans Mortelmans	11 April 1936
date of death	Bernard Adeney (2 August 1878 - 4 April 1966) was an English painter and textile designer.	Bernard Adeney	4 April 1966
date of death	Vivian Nickalls (1871-1947) was a British rower who won the Wingfield Sculls three times and the Diamond Challenge Sculls at Henley Royal Regatta in 1891.	Vivian Nickalls	1947
date of death	Emil Sonderegger (born 28 November 1868 in Herisau -- died 15 July 1934) was a Swiss military officer who later became involved in the country's far right political scene.	Emil Sonderegger	15 July 1934
date of death	Marta Labarr (1912--1999) was a singer and actress who appeared in eleven British and French films, usually as a leading lady.	Marta Labarr	1999
date of death	Aimoin (c. 960 -- c. 1010), French chronicler, was born at Villefranche-de-Longchat about 960, and in early life entered the monastery of Fleury, where he became a monk and passed the greater part of his life.	Aimoin	1010
date of death	Christiaan Tom Neumeier (2 February 1921 -- 26 December 1991) was a Dutch rower who won the European title in the double sculls in 1947, together with Henk van der Meer.	Tom Neumeier	26 December 1991
date of death	Walter Karig (13 November 1898 - 30 September 1956) was a prolific author, who served as a U.S. naval captain.	Walter Karig	30 September 1956
date of death	Berenguer de Palou II (died 1241) was bishop of Barcelona from 1212 to 1241.	Berenguer de Palou II	1241
date of death	Christopher Bagshaw (1552 -- 1625?) was an English academic and Roman Catholic priest.	Christopher Bagshaw	1625
date of death	Caroline Mary Luard (died 24 August 1908) was the victim of an unsolved murder, known as the Seal Chart Murder, after she was mysteriously shot and killed at an isolated summerhouse in a heavily wooded area near Ightham, Kent.	Caroline Mary Luard	24 August 1908
date of death	Agnes Jónsdóttir (died 1507), was the abbess of the Benedictine convent Reynistaðarklaustur in Iceland 1461--1507.	Agnes Jónsdóttir	1507
date of death	Pierre Joseph Marie Granville, known as Jonathas Granville (1785-1839) was a Haitian educator, legal expert, soldier and a diplomat.	Jonathas Granville	1839
date of death	Lavinia Derwent was the pen name of Scottish author and broadcaster Elizabeth Dodd MBE (1909--1989).	Lavinia Derwent	1989
date of death	Frederick A. Henninger (1865-1944), commonly known as F. A. Henninger, was a leading architect of Omaha, Nebraska.	F. A. Henninger	1944
date of death	Samuel A. Carlson (1868--1961) was mayor of Jamestown, New York.	Samuel A. Carlson	1961
date of death	Charles Herbert Mayo (1845--1929) was a Dorset clergyman and antiquarian.	Charles Herbert Mayo	1929
date of death	Frederick Herzog (1925--1995) was a professor of systematic theology at Duke University.	Frederick Herzog	1995
date of death	Fredrika Eleonora von Düben (1738--1808) was a Swedish dilettante painter and Embroidery artist, an honorary member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts (1783).	Fredrika Eleonora von Düben	1808
date of death	Léon Pourtau (1872 -- 4 July 1898) was a French painter and musician.	Léon Pourtau	4 July 1898
date of death	Francis Rynd AM, MRCS, MRIA (1801-1861) was an Irish physician, famous for inventing the hollow needle used in hypodermic syringes.	Francis Rynd	1861
date of death	Edwin Francis Walker (13 December 1872 in Chicago, Illinois -- 3 December 1956, in Los Angeles, California) was a research assistant at the Southwest Museum in Los Angeles and later one of its most prolific investigators.	Edwin Francis Walker	3 December 1956
date of death	Michael Werikhe (25 May 1956 -- 9 August 1999), also known as ``the Rhino Man'' was a Kenyan conservationist.	Michael Werikhe	9 August 1999
date of death	Ludovic Lindsay, 16th Earl of Crawford (1600--1652) took part in the strange plot of 1641 called The Incident.	Ludovic Lindsay, 16th Earl of Crawford	1652
date of death	Adila Fachiri (26 February 1886 -- 15 December 1962) was a Hungarian violinist who had an international career but made her home in England.	Adila Fachiri	15 December 1962
date of death	John Frederick France F.R.C.S. Eng., JP (Born on 15 December 1817, christened on 16 January 1818 at St Luke, Chelsea, London, died on 6 October 1900 at St Leonards on Sea, Sussex) was the Ophthalmic Surgeon at Guy's Hospital from 1847 until 1849.	John Frederick France	6 October 1900
date of death	Jacob Stolt-Nielsen, Jr. (12 May 1931 -- 15 February 2015) was a Norwegian entrepreneur.	Jacob Stolt-Nielsen	15 February 2015
date of death	Tod Ensign (d. May 2014) was an American veteran's rights lawyer and Director of Citizen Soldier, a non-profit GI and veterans rights advocacy group based in New York City.	Tod Ensign	May 2014
date of death	Peder Olsen Walløe (1716 -- 27 April 1793) was a Dano-Norwegian Arctic explorer most noted for his historic exploration of the former Norse settlements on Greenland.	Peder Olsen Walløe	1793
date of death	Sonam Rapten, also known as Sonam Choephel (1595-1657) was regent in Tibet from 1642 to 1658.	Sonam Rapten	1658
date of death	Ambrosio Martínez Bustos (1614-1672) was a Spanish Baroque painter active in Granada.	Ambrosio Martínez Bustos	1672
date of death	Aaron ben Menahem Mendel (1800--1873) was a Russian rabbi, who flourished at the beginning of the nineteenth century.	Aaron ben Menahem Mendel	1873
date of death	Princess Wilhelmine of Baden (21 September 1788 -- 27 January 1836), was by birth Princess of Baden and by marriage Grand Duchess consort of Hesse and the Rhine.	Princess Wilhelmine of Baden	27 January 1836
date of death	Balian of Ibelin (French: Balian d'Ibelin; c. 1143 -- 1193) was a crusader noble of the Kingdom of Jerusalem in the 12th century.	Balian of Ibelin	1193
date of death	Mlađa Veselinović (21 April 1915 - 27 December 2012) was a Serbian actor and translator.	Mlađa Veselinović	27 December 2012
date of death	Li Di (Chinese: 李迪; pinyin: Lǐ Dí; Wade--Giles: Li Ti; c. 1100 -- after 1197) was a Chinese imperial court painter in the Song Dynasty.	Li Di	1197
date of death	Edmund, Earl of Rutland (17 May 1443 -- 30 December 1460) was the fifth child and second surviving son of Richard Plantagenet, 3rd Duke of York, and Cecily Neville.	Edmund, Earl of Rutland	30 December 1460
date of death	Eric Reichman (25 August 1904 -- 19 June 1984) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Eric Reichman	19 June 1984
date of death	William Stretton (April 1755 - 12 March 1828) was a builder and architect based in Nottingham.	William Stretton	12 March 1828
date of death	George Ide Butler (1834 -- 1918) was a Seventh-day Adventist minister, administrator, and author.	George Ide Butler	1918
date of death	Thomas Stoughton (1521--1576), of Stoughton, Surrey and West Stoke, Sussex, was an English politician.	Thomas Stoughton	1576
date of death	Daniel Kraemer (1816--1882) was the first English-speaking pioneer to settle Placentia, California.	Daniel Kraemer	1882
date of death	Cyril Lloyd Jones, (1881--1981), was a British railway engineer, joined the Nizam's State Railways (NSR) in 1904 and was associated with NSR for until 1934.	Cyril Lloyd Jones	1981
date of death	Johannes Stadius or Estadius (Flemish: Jan Van Ostaeyen; French: Jean Stade) (ca. 1 May 1527 -- 17 June 1579), was a Belgian astronomer, astrologer, and mathematician.	Johannes Stadius	17 June 1579
date of death	Ímar mac Arailt (died 1054) was an eleventh-century ruler of Kingdom of Dublin and perhaps the Kingdom of the Isles as well.	Ímar mac Arailt	1054
date of death	Marcel Wolfers (1886--1976) was a Belgian sculptor, well known for his war memorials completed in the Interwar Period (1919--39).	Marcel Wolfers	1976
date of death	John Faunce Leavitt (1905--1974) was a well-known shipbuilder, writer on maritime subjects, painter of marine canvases, and curator of Mystic Seaport in Mystic, Connecticut.	John Faunce Leavitt	1974
date of death	Armindo Rodrigues de Sttau Monteiro (16 December 1896 -- 15 October 1955), known as Armindo Monteiro, was a Portuguese university professor, businessman, diplomat and politician who exercised important functions during the Estado Novo period.	Armindo Monteiro	15 October 1955
date of death	Haim Ben-Asher (Hebrew: חיים בן-אשר‎, born Haim Finkel on 10 July 1904, died 14 July 1998) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapai between 1949 and 1955.	Haim Ben-Asher	14 July 1998
date of death	Albert Lange Fliflet (10 May 1908 -- 14 April 2001) was a Norwegian philologist and translator.	Albert Lange Fliflet	2001
date of death	Sextus Aurelius Victor (c. 320 -- c. 390) was a historian and politician of the Roman Empire.	Aurelius Victor	390
date of death	Bob Gosani (b. 1934 d. 1972) was a South African photographer.	Bob Gosani	1972
date of death	John Maron (Arabic: يوحنا مارون‎, Youhana Maroun; Latin: Ioannes Maronus) (born in 628 in Sirmaniyah or Sarmin, present Syria -- died in 707 in Kfarhy, Lebanon), was a Syriac monk, and the first Maronite Patriarch.	John Maron	707
date of death	Hildebrando Castro Pozo (1890--1945) was a Peruvian sociologist and politician.	Hildebrando Castro Pozo	1945
date of death	Thomas Papillon (1623--1702) was an English merchant and politician, an influential figure in the City of London for half a century.	Thomas Papillon	1702
date of death	William Jonathan ``Jonty'' Alsop (1901--1964) was a professional boxer from Wales who fought under the name Young Allsopp.	Young Allsopp	1964
date of death	Anton Johnson Brandt (21 March 1893 -- 14 October 1951) was a Norwegian veterinarian.	Anton Johnson Brandt	14 October 1951
date of death	Sigrid Sparre (Sigrid Maria Josefina Ingeborg Richissa Eufemia Ulfhild; 1 September 1825 -- 17 November 1910) was a Swedish lady in waiting and noblewoman, known for her relationship with Charles XV of Sweden.	Sigrid Sparre	17 November 1910
date of death	William J. Blake (1894--1968) was a broker, novelist and Marxist political economist.	William J. Blake	1968
date of death	Henry Geiger (August 10, 1908 - 15 February 1989) was the editor, publisher, and chief writer of MANAS Journal which was published from 1948-1988.	Henry Geiger	1989
date of death	Sir Evan Williams, 1st Baronet, of Glyndwr (2 July 1871 -- 3 February 1959) was a Welsh industrialist.	Sir Evan Williams, 1st Baronet	3 February 1959
date of death	Samuel Storey, Baron Buckton (18 January 1896 -- 17 January 1978), known as Sir Samuel Storey, 1st Baronet, from 1960 to 1966, was a British Conservative politician.	Samuel Storey, Baron Buckton	17 January 1978
date of death	Gifford A. Cochran (died 1930) was an American entrepreneur and sportsman from New York City.	Gifford A. Cochran	1930
date of death	Duke Alexander of Württemberg (20 December 1804 -- 28 October 1881) was a member of the dynasty which ruled the German kingdom of Württemberg.	Duke Alexander of Württemberg	28 October 1881
date of death	William Usmar (b. 4 Oct 1812, d. 12 May 1879) was married to Bridget Terry Smart (b. 18 Jul 1811, d. circa 1881) on 5 Jul 1840 at the Parish Church in Maidstone, Kent, England.	William Usmar	12 May 1879
date of death	Pietro della Vecchia, also sometimes known as Pietro Muttoni, (1603 -- 8 September 1678) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.	Pietro della Vecchia	8 September 1678
date of death	Oliver Chase Quick (21 June 1885, Sedberg, now Cumbria -- 21 January 1944, Longborough, Gloucester) was an English theologian and Anglican priest.	Oliver Chase Quick	1944
date of death	Major General Charles Scrope Hutchinson R.E. C.B. (1826-1912) was Chief Inspecting Officer for Railways from 1892 to 1895.	Charles Scrope Hutchinson	1912
date of death	Margaret Gray (1913--2010) was a teacher and school head, most notably serving as head of the Godolphin and Latymer School from 1963 to 1973.	Margaret Gray	2010
date of death	William Mowse (Mouse, Mosse) (died 1588) was an English lawyer and Master of Trinity Hall, Cambridge.	William Mowse	1588
date of death	Sir Henry Bunbury, 3rd Baronet (29 November 1676 -- 12 February 1733) was a British Tory politician.	Sir Henry Bunbury, 3rd Baronet	12 February 1733
date of death	Tetsumi Kudo (23 February 1935 -- 12 November 1990), was a Japanese artist associated with the Neo-Dada tradition.	Tetsumi Kudo	12 November 1990
date of death	Marko Natlačen (24 April 1886 -- 13 October 1942) was a Slovenian politician and jurist, who also served as the last ban (Governor) of the Drava Banovina in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.	Marko Natlačen	13 October 1942
date of death	Air Marshal Sir Charles Broughton KBE, CB (27 April 1911 -- 17 May 1998) was a Royal Air Force officer who became Air Member for Supply and Organisation.	Charles Broughton	1998
date of death	Ljudevit (pronounced (ʎûdeʋit)) or Liudewit (Latin: Liudewitus, often also Ljudevit Posavski), was the Duke of Lower Pannonia from 810 to 823.	Ljudevit	823
date of death	Antonio Salamone (December 12, 1918 in San Giuseppe Jato -- May 31, 1998 in São Paulo) was a member of the Sicilian Mafia and a member of the first Sicilian Mafia Commission.	Antonio Salamone	1998
date of death	Helena of Oświęcim (Polish: Helena Oświęcimska; 1478/80 -- after 1524), was a Polish princess member of the House of Piast from the Oświęcim branch and ruling Duchess of Karniów since 1506 until 1523.	Helena of Oświęcim	1524
date of death	Hannibal Vyvyan, sometimes spelled Vivian (1545 -- 4 February 1610), of Trelowarren in Cornwall, was an English Member of Parliament (MP).	Hannibal Vyvyan	4 February 1610
date of death	James Halpin (June 1843 - 26 July 1909) was an Irish farmer, building contractor and politician.	James Halpin	26 July 1909
date of death	Captain F. W. L. Thomas, c.1812-1885, RN, FSA (Scot) was a naval officer, photographer, and historian.	F. W. L. Thomas	1885
date of death	Robert Reece (2 May 1838 -- 8 July 1891) was a British comic playwright and librettist active in the Victorian era.	Robert Reece	8 July 1891
date of death	Heinrich Kramer (c. 1430 -- 1505), also known under the Latinized name Henricus Institor, was a German churchman and inquisitor.	Heinrich Kramer	1505
date of death	Hiram Edson (1806--1882) was a pioneer of the Seventh-day Adventist Church, known for introducing the sanctuary doctrine (investigative judgment) to the church.	Hiram Edson	1882
date of death	Ensign Charles Ewart (1769 -- 23 May 1846) was a Scottish soldier of the Royal North British Dragoons (more commonly known as the Scots Greys), famous for capturing the regimental eagle of the 45e Régiment de Ligne (45th Regiment of the Line) at the Battle of Waterloo.	Charles Ewart	23 May 1846
date of death	Mario Mellado García (died October 2014) was a Mexican lawyer, politician and judge.	Mario Mellado García	October 2014
date of death	Henri Caesar, also known as Black Caesar, (fl. 1791-1830) was allegedly a 19th-century Haitian revolutionary and pirate.	Henri Caesar	1830
date of death	Vasco da Gama Rodrigues (27 January 1909, Paul do Mar, Madeira - 3 May 1991), was a Portuguese poet.	Vasco da Gama Rodrigues	3 May 1991
date of death	Antonio Madiona (Siracusa - Siracusa, 1719) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.	Antonio Madiona	1719
date of death	Major-General Arthur Wollaston Bartholomew CB CMG CBE DSO (5 May 1878 -- 29 January 1945) was Commander of British Troops in China.	Arthur Wollaston Bartholomew	29 January 1945
date of death	Nikolaos Kontopoulos (Greek: Νικόλαος Κοντόπουλος, 1889 - 1958) was a Greek writer.	Nikolaos Kontopoulos	1958
date of death	Richard Holmlund (26 October 1963 -- 5 October 2011) was a Swedish football manager.	Richard Holmlund	5 October 2011
date of death	Are Vesterlid (28 July 1921 -- 29 August 2013) was a Norwegian architect.	Are Vesterlid	29 August 2013
date of death	Peter Finnerty (1766?--11 May 1822) was an Irish printer and publisher, and a United Irishman.	Peter Finnerty	11 May 1822
date of death	Arthur Sidney Lyon (1817--1861), was a journalist and newspaper proprietor, who was also known as 'the father of the press in colonial Queensland'.	Arthur Sidney Lyon	1861
date of death	Sir John Dalzell, 2nd Baronet (died 1689) was a Scottish politician.	Sir John Dalzell, 2nd Baronet	1689
date of death	Mustafa Necati died due to appendicitis on 1 January 1929, the very same day the Nation Schools were opened.	Mustafa Necati	1 January 1929
date of death	Frank Dennis (11 June 1907 -- 21 November 2000) was an English first-class cricketer, who played in 89 matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club from 1928 to 1933, and three for the Minor Counties from 1936 to 1939.	Frank Dennis	21 November 2000
date of death	Joseph Riddick (1735 - Nov. 18, 1818) was a North Carolina politician who served as Speaker of the North Carolina Senate for 11 years from 1800 to 1804 and from 1806 to 1811.	Joseph Riddick	1818
date of death	Don Juan de Guzmán Itztolinqui (reigned 1526--1569) was a post-Conquest tlatoani (ruler) of the altepetl (ethnic state) of Coyoacán in the Valley of Mexico.	Juan de Guzmán	1569
date of death	David Dewaele (born 19 March 1976 in Hazebrouck, Nord-Pas-de-Calais as David Sébastien Dewaele; died 27 February 2013 in Hazebrouck) was a French actor.	David Dewaele	27 February 2013
date of death	Michael Kantakouzenos or Cantacuzenus (Greek: Μιχαήλ Καντακουζηνός, died 3 March 1578), nicknamed Şeytanoğlu (Turkish for ``son of the Devil''), was an Ottoman Greek magnate, noted for his immense wealth and political influence.	Michael Kantakouzenos	3 March 1578
date of death	Andy Whitfield (died 11 September 2011) was a Welsh actor.	Andy Whitfield	11 September 2011
date of death	John Davies Knatchbull Lloyd(28 April 1900--13 December 1978), generally known as J. D. K. Lloyd, was born on 28 April 1900 at Plas Trefaldwyn, Montgomery in the present day county of Powys in mid Wales.	John Davies Knatchbull Lloyd	1978
date of death	Ludwig Rabus (also Rab or Günzer) (10 October 1523 -- 22 July 1592) was a German Lutheran theologian.	Ludwig Rabus	22 July 1592
date of death	Abd al-Mu'min (1094--1163) also known as Abdelmoumen al-Goumi (Arabic: عبد المؤمن بن علي or عبد المومن الــكـومي‎, Berber: ⵄⴰⴱⴷ ⵍⵎⵓⵎⵏ ⵍⴳⵓⵎⵉ) was a prominent member of the Almohad movement.	Abd al-Mu'min	1163
date of death	William John Finley Warren (December 14, 1873 -- 1963) was a farmer, rancher and political figure in Saskatchewan.	William John Finley Warren	1963
date of death	Emil Blichfeldt (5 November 1849 -- 20 October 1908) was a Danish architect who worked in the Historicist style.	Emil Blichfeldt	20 October 1908
date of death	Elizabeth Knepp or Knipp (died 1681) was a British actress, singer, and dancer.	Elizabeth Knepp	1681
date of death	Karl Dietrich Leonhard Engel (born Oldenburg, 21 February 1824; died Adlershof, February 1913) was a German musician and writer.	Karl Dietrich Leonhard Engel	1913
date of death	Astrid Ydén (1881-1963) was a Swedish harpist.	Astrid Ydén	1963
date of death	Herman Baer (born of Jewish parents in Herxheim, Germany, Jan. 29, 1830; died Charleston, South Carolina, Jan. 2, 1901) was an American author.	Herman Baer	1901
date of death	Michael Sprinker (8 February 1950 in Elgin, Illinois -- 12 August 1999) was a literary critic known for his writings on Louis Althusser, Walter Benjamin and Bertolt Brecht, among others, as well as for his editorial work at Verso, Cambridge University Press, the New Left Review and The Minnesota Review.	Michael Sprinker	12 August 1999
date of death	Richard Bruce Arthur (2 November 1921 -- 22 March 1998) was an Australian freestyle wrestler who won a silver medal in the middleweight division at the 1950 British Empire Games; he finished fourth in 1954.	Bruce Arthur	22 March 1998
date of death	Mary Smith Lockwood (1831-1922) was one of the founders of the Daughters of the American Revolution.	Mary Smith Lockwood	1922
date of death	Conyers Darcy, 2nd Earl of Holderness (1622 -- 13 December 1692) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1679 and later became a peer.	Conyers Darcy, 2nd Earl of Holderness	13 December 1692
date of death	Raja Swarup Singh (30 May 1812 -- 26 January 1864) was a Sikh Raja of Jind of the Phulkian dynasty who reigned from 1834 to 1864.	Swarup Singh	26 January 1864
date of death	Edward Bailey (1814--1903) was the most accomplished of the Hawaiian missionary period artists in Hawaii.	Edward Bailey	1903
date of death	György Deák-Bárdos (1905 in Budapest -- 1991) was a Hungarian composer, organist, singer and music teacher.	György Deák-Bárdos	1991
date of death	Avgust Berthold (20 July 1880 -- 1 August 1919) was a Slovenian photographer who is associated with the Impressionist movement.	Avgust Berthold	1 August 1919
date of death	Alban Francis (died 1715) was an English Benedictine monk.	Alban Francis	1715
date of death	Tuan Guru Dato' Bentara Setia Haji Nik Abdul Aziz Nik Mat (10 January 1931 -- 12 February 2015) was a Malaysian politician and Muslim cleric.	Nik Abdul Aziz Nik Mat	12 February 2015
date of death	Sir Ralph Kilner Brown, OBE, TD, DL (28 August 1909 -- 15 June 2003), was a British hurdling athlete, Liberal Party politician and judge.	Ralph Kilner Brown	15 June 2003
date of death	Injong of Goryeo (29 October 1109 -- 10 April 1146) (r. 1122--1146) was the 17th monarch of the Korean Goryeo dynasty.	Injong of Goryeo	10 April 1146
date of death	Manfred Wimmer (1944--1995) was the first Western professional go player.	Manfred Wimmer	1995
date of death	Elizur Wright (12 February 1804 -- 22 November 1885) was an American mathematician and abolitionist.	Elizur Wright	22 November 1885
date of death	Dennis Howard Green (26 June 1922 -- 5 December 2008) was Schröder Professor of German at the University of Cambridge.	Dennis Howard Green	5 December 2008
date of death	Heikki Nurmio (1887-1947) - Finnish jäger and writer.	Heikki Nurmio	1947
date of death	Kristian Lerche Bøckman (11 March 1887 -- 1974) was a Norwegian mining director.	Kristian Lerche Bøckman	1974
date of death	Henry Howard, 5th Earl of Suffolk (18 July 1627 -- 10 December 1709) was the youngest son of Theophilus Howard, 2nd Earl of Suffolk, but inherited the title, because none of his brothers left surviving sons.	Henry Howard, 5th Earl of Suffolk	10 December 1709
date of death	Yujiulü Wuti (Chinese: 郁久閭吳提; pinyin: Yùjiǔlǘ Wútí) khan of the Rouran (July, 429-September, 444) with the title of Chilian Khan (敕連可汗).	Yujiulü Wuti	444
date of death	Franz Hübner(18 November 1846 Drossen, near Frankfurt an der Oder - 31 December 1877) was a German entomologist Between 1875 and 1877 he collected insects for the Museum Godeffroy in Samoa, Tonga and New Britain.	Franz Hübner	31 December 1877
date of death	Otto Frederick Hunziker (25 December 1873 -- 16 November 1959) was a pioneer in the American and international dairy industry, as both an educator and a technical innovator.	Otto Frederick Hunziker	16 November 1959
date of death	Henry Thew Stevenson (April 22, 1870 -- 1957) was a teacher and writer.	Henry Thew Stevenson	1957
date of death	Alexander George Findlay (1812--1875) was an English geographer and hydrographer.	Alexander George Findlay	1875
date of death	Birgitte Christine Kaas, married Huitfeldt (2 October 1682 -- 14 August 1761) was a Norwegian poet and translator of psalms.	Birgitte Christine Kaas	14 August 1761
date of death	Michael Craze (29 November 1942 -- 8 December 1998) was a British actor noted for his role of Ben Jackson, a companion of the Doctor, in the long-running BBC science fiction television series Doctor Who.	Michael Craze	8 December 1998
date of death	Paul Bern (December 3, 1889 -- September 5, 1932) was a German-born American film director, screenwriter and producer for MGM, where he became the assistant to Irving Thalberg.	Paul Bern	1932
date of death	Ahmad Lozi (also spelled Ahmad al-Lawzi) (1925 -- 18 November 2014) was a Jordanian politician.	Ahmad Lozi	18 November 2014
date of death	Richard Peter Tudor Sillett (known as Peter Sillett) (1 February 1933 -- 13 March 1998) was an England footballer.	Peter Sillett	13 March 1998
date of death	Sinan Şamil Sam (23 June 1974 -- 30 October 2015) was a Turkish heavyweight professional boxer.	Sinan Şamil Sam	30 October 2015
date of death	Yohanna Barnaba Abdallah (died 1924) was a clergyman and historian of the Yao people of central Africa.	Yohanna Barnaba Abdallah	1924
date of death	Sergei Chavain, also spelled Čavajn (Mari: Сергей Чавайн, pronounced (tʃɑˈβɑɪn); 6 October 1888, Maly Karamas -- 11 November 1937) was a Mari poet and playwright, born Sergei Grigorievich Grigoriev (Russian: Серге́й Григо́рьевич Григо́рьев).	Sergei Chavain	11 November 1937
date of death	John Bowes, 1st Baron Bowes PC (I) (1691 -- 22 July 1767) was an Anglo-Irish peer politician and judge, noted for his great legal ability, but also for his hostility to Roman Catholics.	John Bowes, 1st Baron Bowes	22 July 1767
date of death	Christy Keogh (29 June 1943 -- 19 July 2002) was an Irish hurler who played as a left corner-forward for the Wexford senior team.	Christy Keogh	19 July 2002
date of death	Montague Gore (1800-8 September 1864), was a British politician and author.	Montague Gore	8 September 1864
date of death	Kjetil Mårdalen (12 January 1925 -- 4 November 1996) was a Norwegian nordic combined skier who competed in the 1950s.	Kjetil Mårdalen	4 November 1996
date of death	Herbert James Carter (23 April 1858 -- 16 April 1940) was an English-born Australian schoolmaster and entomologist.	Herbert James Carter	16 April 1940
date of death	Vice-Admiral James Hosken (6 December 1798 -- 2 January 1885) was a British naval officer and a pioneer of ocean steam navigation.	James Hosken	2 January 1885
date of death	Ngamaru Rongotini Ariki (c. 1831 -- 31 March 1903) was a sovereign of the Cook Islands.	Ngamaru Rongotini Ariki	31 March 1903
date of death	Manche Masemola (1913--1928) is a South African Christian martyr.	Manche Masemola	1928
date of death	John Knill (1 January 1733 -- 29 March 1811) born at Callington in Cornwall was a slightly eccentric mayor of St Ives, Cornwall, UK, in 1767 and Collector of Customs at St Ives from 1762--1782.	John Knill	29 March 1811
date of death	Pavao Tijan (born in Senj in 1908 - died in Madrid in 1997) was a Croatian encyclopaedist who spent the latter half of his life in Spain.	Pavao Tijan	1997
date of death	Georg Monsen (19 December 1922 -- 10 April 2015) was a Norwegian former footballer and football manager.	Georg Monsen	10 April 2015
date of death	Shakir Mustafa Salim (1919-1985) was a famous Iraqi social anthropologist who taught in the Department of Sociology at Baghdad University.	Shakir Mustafa Salim	1985
date of death	Edward Wedlake Brayley (1773 -- 23 September 1854) was an English antiquary and topographer, closely associated with John Britton.	Edward Wedlake Brayley	23 September 1854
date of death	David Irvin (1794--1872) was a United States territorial judge.	David Irvin	1872
date of death	Xu Zhongxing (? - 1578) was a Chinese litterateur of the Ming Dynasty.	Xu Zhongxing	1578
date of death	Tom Drummond (6 August 1897 -- 26 May 1970) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood and South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Tom Drummond	26 May 1970
date of death	Thane Houser (27 July 1891 Honey Creek, Indiana --23 November 1967 Columbus, Indiana) was an American racecar driver.	Thane Houser	1967
date of death	H. B. Parkinson (29 September 1884 -- 19 August 1970) was a British film pioneer.	H. B. Parkinson	19 August 1970
date of death	Abraham van Blijenberch (or Blyenberch) (1575/6 - 1624) was a Flemish painter.	Abraham van Blijenberch	1624
date of death	Madhukar Dattatraya Deoras (11 December 1915 - 17 June 1996), popularly known as Balasaheb Deoras, was the third Sarsanghchalak of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS).	Madhukar Dattatraya Deoras	17 June 1996
date of death	Molly Dingle MBE (1892 -- 1974) educator, born St. John's, Newfoundland.	Molly Dingle	1974
date of death	John Whistler (ca. 1756 -- 3 September 1829) was a soldier, born in Ulster, Ireland.	John Whistler	3 September 1829
date of death	Tomás Ó Con Cheanainn (1921 -- 13 June 2015) was an Irish scholar and historian.	Tomás Ó Con Cheanainn	13 June 2015
date of death	Ellsworth Young (1866 Albia, Iowa -- 1952 Evanston, Illinois) was an American magazine and book illustrator, and a noted painter of landscapes.	Ellsworth Young	1952
date of death	Anaximenes of Miletus (/ˌænækˈsɪməˌniːz/; Greek: Ἀναξιμένης; c. 585 -- c. 528 BCE) was an Ancient Greek Pre-Socratic philosopher active in the latter half of the 6th century BC. One of the three Milesian philosophers, he is identified as a younger friend or student of Anaximander.	Anaximenes of Miletus	528 BCE
date of death	Mary Irene Parlby (née Marryat; 9 January 1868 -- 12 July 1965) was a Canadian women's farm leader, activist and politician.	Irene Parlby	12 July 1965
date of death	Bridgetta Clark (January 13, 1891 - November 1980) was an American silent film actress.	Bridgetta Clark	November 1980
date of death	Publius Metilius Nepos (c. 45--118) was a Roman politician during the late 1st century.	Publius Metilius Nepos	118
date of death	Christopher Saxton died in either 1610 or 1611.	Christopher Saxton	1610
date of death	John Wigham Richardson (7 January 1837 -- 15 April 1908) was a British shipbuilder on Tyneside during the late 19th and early 20th century.	John Wigham Richardson	15 April 1908
date of death	Marina Yurlova (Russian: Мари́на Максимилиа́новна Ю́рлова; 25 February 1900 - 1 April 1984) was a Russian child soldier and author.	Marina Yurlova	April 1984
date of death	James Jago FRS, (1815 -- 1893) was an English physician.	James Jago	1893
date of death	Johann Adam Hoyer was a clockmaker and master craftsman in Josefstadt (now the 8th district of Vienna) died 1838.	Johann Adam Hoyer	1838
date of death	Rosetta Sherwood Hall (born Liberty, Sullivan County, New York; September 19, 1865, died 1951) was a medical missionary and educator.	Rosetta Sherwood Hall	1951
date of death	Sir Robert Broke SL (died 5 or 6 September 1558) was a British justice, politician and legal writer.	Robert Broke	6 September 1558
date of death	Sir William Wilkinson Addison (4 April 1905 -- 1 November 1992), was an English historian, author and jurist.	William Wilkinson Addison	1 November 1992
date of death	Andrew Brice (1690--1773) was an English printer and writer.	Andrew Brice	1773
date of death	Shmuel Shilo or Shmulik Shiloh (Hebrew: שמואל שילה‎, 1 December 1929 -- 4 October 2011) was an Israeli actor, director and producer, born in the Second Polish Republic, and best remembered for his role on the Israeli production of Rechov SumSum, a popular TV show based on Sesame Street.	Shmuel Shilo	4 October 2011
date of death	Aristeidis Dimitratos (Greek: Αριστείδης Δημητράτος) (1902-1986) was a Greek trade union functionary and politician.	Aristeidis Dimitratos	1986
date of death	Jan Tomasz Drohojowski from Drohojów (b. 1535, d.. 12 November 1605 in Przemyśl) was a Polish nobleman, referendarz wielki koronny, starosta of Przemyśl, a Polish ambsaadaor in Istanbul in 1578, an owner of the castle in Rybotycze.	Jan Tomasz Drohojowski	12 November 1605
date of death	Cheng Qian (simplified Chinese: 程潜; traditional Chinese: 程潛; pinyin: Chéng Qián; Wade--Giles: Ch'eng Ch'ien; 31 March 1882 -- 5 April 1968) was a Chinese military general.	Cheng Qian	5 April 1968
date of death	Alban Thomas (1686--1771) was a Welsh doctor, librarian and antiquarian, who followed in his father's footsteps in supporting Welsh literature, being particularly associated with efforts by Moses Williams to publish Welsh-language manuscripts.	Alban Thomas	1771
date of death	Wilfred Carter (19 June 1896 -- 1 November 1975) was an English sportsman who played first class cricket for Derbyshire County Cricket Club between 1920 and 1926 and football for Watford Football Club at the same time.	Wilfred Carter	1 November 1975
date of death	Chandra Kumar De (Chondrokumar De) (1889--1946) was a writer and collector of medieval folklore and folk ballads of East Bengal villages, mostly in Mymensingh now in Bangladesh.	Chandra Kumar De	1946
date of death	James Hans Hamilton (February 1810 -- 30 June 1863), was an Anglo-Irish Member of Parliament.	James Hans Hamilton	30 June 1863
date of death	Dennis Nikrasch (September 12, 1941 -- 2010) was a Vegas slot cheater and a former locksmith who was responsible for spearheading the biggest casino theft in Las Vegas history, by grabbing $16,000,000 from rigging slot machines over a 22-year period.	Dennis Nikrasch	2010
date of death	Father Edward Yarnold S.J. (14 January 1926 -- 23 July 2002) was a prominent Jesuit theologian and Master of Campion Hall from 1965 to 1972 at the University of Oxford in England.	Edward Yarnold	2002
date of death	József Ficzkó or Fitzkó (Burgenland Croatian: Jožef Ficko) (15 March 1772 -- 28 November 1843) was a Slovene born Roman Catholic priest and writer.	József Ficzkó	28 November 1843
date of death	Martin Bucer (early German: Martin Butzer) (11 November 1491 -- 28 February 1551) was a German Protestant reformer based in Strasbourg who influenced Lutheran, Calvinist, and Anglican doctrines and practices.	Martin Bucer	28 February 1551
date of death	B. V. Subbamma also known as Bathineni, Venkata Subbamma (1 July 1925 -- 12 January 2009) was an Indian theologian and scholar.	B. V. Subbamma	12 January 2009
date of death	Diogo de Mendonça Corte-Real (17 June 1658 -- 9 May 1736) was an accomplished Portuguese diplomat and statesman, and Secretary of State to King Peter II and John V.	Diogo de Mendonça Corte-Real	9 May 1736
date of death	Air Vice-Marshal George Henry Morley CB CBE(Mil.) OBE FRCS (22 February 1907- 26 May 1971) was a British military doctor, an expert on plastic surgery, particularly the treatment of burns, and senior RAF officer.	George Henry Morley	26 May 1971
date of death	Robert Lee Burns (1930/31 -- 2002) was an American bank robber who was the subject of an interstate battle over an issue of parole of convicted criminals.	Robert Lee Burns	2002
date of death	Christopher Hinton, Baron Hinton of Bankside OM KBE FRS FREng (12 May 1901 -- 22 June 1983) was a British nuclear engineer, and supervisor of the construction of Calder Hall, the world's first large-scale commercial nuclear power station.	Christopher Hinton, Baron Hinton of Bankside	22 June 1983
date of death	Nellie Wallace (18 March 1870 -- 24 November 1948) was a British music hall star, actress, comedienne, dancer and songwriter who became one of the most famous and best loved music hall performers.	Nellie Wallace	24 November 1948
date of death	Abu Ayyub Sulayman ibn Wahb (died July/August 885) was a senior official of the Abbasid Caliphate who served several times as vizier.	Sulayman ibn Wahb	885
date of death	Thomas Hailes Lacy (1809 - 1 August 1873) was a British actor, playwright, theatrical manager, bookseller, and theatrical publisher.	Thomas Hailes Lacy	1 August 1873
date of death	Johan Bergenstråhle (13 May 1756 -- 7 March 1840 in Stockholm) was a Swedish military officer who participated in Russo-Swedish War (1788-1790), and the Finnish War.	Johan Bergenstråhle	7 March 1840
date of death	William George Ward (21 March 1812 -- 6 July 1882) was an English theologian and mathematician.	William George Ward	6 July 1882
date of death	Johannes Mensing (Mensingk) (1477--1547) was a German Dominican theologian and controversialist, an opponent of Martin Luther.	Johannes Mensing	1547
date of death	Tang Wing-Cheung (Chinese: 鄧永祥; 20 June 1916 -- 20 April 1997), MBE, better known by his stage name Sun Ma Sze Tsang (Chinese: 新馬師曾; literally: ``New Ma Sze-Tsang''), was a Cantonese opera singer and actor in Hong Kong.	Sun Ma Sze Tsang	20 April 1997
date of death	Augustín Malár (18 July 1894 Reitern, Austria -- ?1945, Sachsenhausen) was a Slovak general during World War II.	Augustín Malár	1945
date of death	Sir John Knatchbull, 2nd Baronet (c. 1636 -- 15 December 1696) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1660 and 1690.	Sir John Knatchbull, 2nd Baronet	15 December 1696
date of death	Harold Rayner (27 July 1888 -- 8 December 1954) was an American fencer and modern pentathlete.	Harold Rayner	8 December 1954
date of death	Svend Johansen (10 September 1890 -- 6 October 1970) was a Danish painter, scenographer and illustrator.	Svend Johansen	6 October 1970
date of death	Yigal Hurvitz (Hebrew: ;יִגָּאֵל הורביץ‎‎ 1918 -- 10 January 1994) was an Israeli politician who served as a government minister in the late 1970s and 1980s.	Yigal Hurvitz	10 January 1994
date of death	Pope Valentine (in Latin: Valentinus; 800 -- 10 October 827) was Pope for two months in 827.	Pope Valentine	10 October 827
date of death	Andrea Procaccini (14 January 1671 -- 1734) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active in Rome as well as in Spain.	Andrea Procaccini	1734
date of death	Air Marshal Sir (Horace Ernest) Philip Wigglesworth, KBE, CB, DSC (11 July 1896 -- 31 May 1975) was a senior officer in the Royal Air Force.	Philip Wigglesworth	31 May 1975
date of death	D. D. Thacker (1884--1961) better known was Diwan Bahadur D. D. Thacker, FRSA was a noted coal miner and philanthropist from Jharia, Dhanbad.	D. D. Thacker	1961
date of death	Tun Ledang Shah (1234--1463) was a mythical character (who was probably based on a real person) in the ancient Malay history who was assumed to live during the 13th century Srivijayan Empire till the 15th century Sultanate of Malacca.	Tun Ledang Shah	1463
date of death	Gopinath Saha (1906-1924) was a Bengali activist for Indian independence (from British rule) and member of the Hindustan Republican Association.	Gopinath Saha	1924
date of death	Pietro Aron, also known as Pietro (or Piero) Aaron (ca. 1480 -- after 1545), was an Italian music theorist and composer.	Pietro Aron	1545
date of death	Francisco Tito Yupanqui (1550--1616) was an indigenous Bolivian sculptor.	Francisco Tito Yupanqui	1616
date of death	Thomas Hawksley (12 July 1807 -- 15 September 1893) was an English civil engineer of the 19th century, particularly associated with early water supply and coal gas engineering projects.	Thomas Hawksley	15 September 1893
date of death	Zalman Susayeff (also Suzayev) (Hebrew: זלמן סוזאיב‎, born 14 February 1911, died 25 February 1981) was an Israeli businessman and politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the General Zionists between 1951 and 1959.	Zalman Susayeff	25 February 1981
date of death	Karl Leander Ikonen (14 October 1860, Joroinen - 27 April 1918, Viipuri) was a Finnish architect and politician.	Leander Ikonen	27 April 1918
date of death	Annetto Casolani (10 August 1815 - 1 August 1866) was a Maltese prelate who served as the first Apostolic Vicar of Central Africa present day Archdiocese of Khartoum in Sudan.	Annetto Casolani	1 August 1866
date of death	Henning Haslund-Christensen (31 August 1896 -- 13 September 1948) was a Danish travel writer and anthropologist.	Henning Haslund-Christensen	13 September 1948
date of death	Bruno Mora (29 March 1937 -- 10 December 1986) was an Italian football player and coach, who played as a right winger; during his prime he was regarded as one of the best players in the world in his position.	Bruno Mora	10 December 1986
date of death	Bela Marsh (1797-1869) was a publisher and bookseller in Boston, Massachusetts, in the 19th century.	Bela Marsh	1869
date of death	Joseph Churba (c. 1934 - 18 April 1996) was a United States Air Force Middle East intelligence expert, author, and political activist known for his support of Israel.	Joseph Churba	1996
date of death	Edith Ogden Harrison (16 November 1862 -- 22 May 1955) was a well-known and prolific author of children's books and fairy tales in the early decades of the twentieth century.	Edith Ogden Harrison	22 May 1955
date of death	Samantha Dubois (15 January 1955 -- 1 October 1992) was a radio presenter on Radio Caroline during the 1970s and again in 1984.	Samantha Dubois	1 October 1992
date of death	John Houlton Marshall (9 October 1768 in Halifax, Nova Scotia -- 2 May 1837 in Charlotte Street, Bloomsbury Square, Middlesex) was a Nova Scotian who was a naval commander throughout the Napoleonic Wars.	John Houlton Marshall	2 May 1837
date of death	Lydia Mackenzie Falconer Miller or Harriet Myrtle (1812 -- 11 March 1876) was a British writer for children.	Lydia Mackenzie Falconer Miller	11 March 1876
date of death	Manuel António Vassalo e Silva (Torres Novas, 8 November 1899 -- Lisbon, 11 August 1985) was an officer of the Portuguese Army and an overseas administrator.	Manuel António Vassalo e Silva	11 August 1985
date of death	John Devereux, 8th Baron Ferrers of Chartley (1463 -- 3 May 1501) was an English peer.	John Devereux, 8th Baron Ferrers of Chartley	3 May 1501
date of death	Gustav Lange (13 August 1830 -- 20 July 1889) was a German composer known mainly for his melodious salon music for the piano.	Gustav Lange	20 July 1889
date of death	Colonel John Mount Batten CB JP (7 April 1843 -- 5 March 1916) was a British soldier and landowner.	John Mount Batten	5 March 1916
date of death	Ralph Knevet (1600-1671) was an English clergyman and poet.	Ralph Knevet	1671
date of death	Tunku Abdul Malik ibni Sultan Badlishah (24 September 1929 -- 29 November 2015) was the heir presumptive to the throne of Kedah.	Tunku Abdul Malik	29 November 2015
date of death	Surjit Singh Sandhawalia (27 July 1925 -- 16 November 2007) was a Chief Justice of the Punjab & Haryana High Court from July 1978 to November 1983.	Surjit Singh Sandhawalia	16 November 2007
date of death	Hugh Henshall (1734--1816) was an English civil engineer, noted for his work on canals.	Hugh Henshall	1816
date of death	William Romaine Callender (junior) (1825 -- 22 January 1876) was a British businessman and Conservative politician.	William Romaine Callender	22 January 1876
date of death	Fred Longden (23 February 1888 -- 5 October 1952) was a British Labour Co-operative politician.	Fred Longden	5 October 1952
date of death	Ernst von Rüchel (21 July 1754 -- 14 January 1823) was a Prussian general who led an army corps in a crushing defeat by Napoleon at the Battle of Jena on 14 October 1806.	Ernst von Rüchel	14 January 1823
date of death	Altamiro Rossato (23 June 1925 -- 13 May 2014) was a Brazilian Roman Catholic prelate and Archbishop Emeritus of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Porto Alegre.	Altamiro Rossato	13 May 2014
date of death	Harry Wolstenholme (21 June 1868 -- 14 October 1930) was an Australian lawyer and ornithologist.	Harry Wolstenholme	14 October 1930
date of death	Earl Ottir (Old Norse: Óttar jarl; Medieval Latin: Oter comes, 'Count Oter'; died 918), also known as Ottir the Black (Old Irish: Ottir Dub), was a jarl who occupied a prominent position among the Norse of Britain and Ireland in the early 10th century.	Ottir	918
date of death	Eliza Fletcher, née Dawson (15 January 15, 1770 -- 5 February 1858) was a British autobiographer and early travel writer.	Eliza Fletcher	5 February 1858
date of death	Yemi Ajibade (28 July 1929 -- 24 January 2013), also credited as Yemi Goodman Ajibade or Ade-Yemi Ajibade, was a Nigerian playwright and actor who, after settling in England in the 1950s, made significant contributions to the British theatre and the canon of Black drama.	Yemi Ajibade	24 January 2013
date of death	Girim of Silla (r. 298-310, died 310), whose name is sometimes given as Girip and also as Gigu, was the fifteenth king of Silla.	Girim of Silla	310
date of death	William Fletcher Burden (14 March 1830 -- 7 December 1867) was an industrialist born in Troy, New York.	William Fletcher Burden	7 December 1867
date of death	Robert d'Aguiló (c. 1100 -- c. 1159), also known as Robert Bordet, was a Norman knight who moved from Normandy to Catalonia in the early 12th century.	Robert d'Aguiló	1159
date of death	Jacob Coning or Jacob Koninck II (c. 1647 -- 16 July 1724) was a Dutch-Danish painter who was painter to the Danish Court.	Jacob Coning	1724
date of death	Qian Xuantong (1887--January 17, 1939) was a Chinese linguist, and along with Gu Jiegang, one of the leaders of the Doubting Antiquity School.	Qian Xuantong	1939
date of death	Prince Ernst August of Lippe (German: Prinz Ernst August Bernhard Alexander Eduard Friedrich Wilhelm zur Lippe; 1 April 1917 -- 15 June 1990) was a claimant to the headship of the House of Lippe.	Prince Ernst August of Lippe	15 June 1990
date of death	Andriy II Yuriyevych or Andrew of Galicia (Ukrainian: Андрій II Юрієвич) (unknown -- 1323) was the last Rus' king of Galicia-Volhynia in 1308--1323 (according to other sources since 1315).	Andrew of Galicia	1323
date of death	Edward Davy (16 June 1806 -- 26 January 1885) was an English physician, scientist, and inventor who played a prominent role in the development of telegraphy, and invented an electric relay.	Edward Davy	26 January 1885
date of death	John Thomas Jutson (c. 1885 -- 14 November 1959) was an Australian geologist and lawyer.	John Thomas Jutson	14 November 1959
date of death	John Oxlee (1779--1854) was an English cleric, philologist and writer on theology.	John Oxlee	1854
date of death	James Bermingham was Bishop of Killala from 1344 to 1346.	James Bermingham	1346
date of death	Erling Sverdrup (23 February 1917 -- 15 March 1994) was a Norwegian statistician and actuarial mathematician.	Erling Sverdrup	15 March 1994
date of death	Blessed Liborius Wagner (5 December 1593 -- 9 December 1631) was a German Roman Catholic priest.	Liborius Wagner	9 December 1631
date of death	Henry Ainsworth (1571--1622) was an English Nonconformist clergyman and scholar.	Henry Ainsworth	1622
date of death	Reverend James Osborne Arthur, Sr. (1887--1971) along with his wife Katherine Arthur (1883--1960) were missionaries for the Reformed Church of America.	James Osborne Arthur	1971
date of death	Muhammad Mueenuddeen I was the sultan of the Maldives from 1798 to 1835.	Muhammad Mueenuddeen I	1835
date of death	Ebenezer Jones (1820--1860) wrote a good deal of poetry of very unequal merit, but at his best shows a true poetic vein.	Ebenezer Jones	1860
date of death	Joan Bridge (13 March 1912 - 8 December 2009) was a British costume designer.	Joan Bridge	8 December 2009
date of death	Ayatollah Sayyid Muhammad Ali al-Hakim (1911--2011) was a high-ranking Shiite ayatollah.	Muhammad Ali al-Hakim	2011
date of death	Donald Larnach (17 July 1817 -- 12 May 1896) was a banker, financier and High Sheriff of Sussex in 1882.	Donald Larnach	12 May 1896
date of death	Mione Elizabeth George Israel (died October 14, 2003), known as Mione ``Minette'' George for much of her life, and as Elizabeth Israel and Ma Pampo later in life, was the focus of one of the most widely publicized longevity claims of recent years.	Elizabeth Israel	2003
date of death	Xiao Ni (蕭嶷) (444--492), courtesy name Xuanyan (宣儼), formally Prince Wenxian of Yuzhang (豫章文獻王), was an imperial prince during the Chinese dynasty Southern Qi.	Xiao Ni	492
date of death	Mark Ellidge (Born 1940, died 9 January 2010) was a British press photographer.	Mark Ellidge	9 January 2010
date of death	George Compton, 4th Earl of Northampton, PC (18 October 1664 -- 15 April 1727), styled Lord Compton from 1664 to 1681, was a British peer.	George Compton, 4th Earl of Northampton	15 April 1727
date of death	José Toribio Aguilera Coello (7 March 1941 -- 10 June 2014) was a Honduran economist and politician.	Toribio Aguilera	10 June 2014
date of death	Boris Pregel (Russian: Борис Юльевич Прегель; 24 January 1893 -- 7 December 1976) was a Ukrainian-born Jewish engineer and dealer in uranium and radium.	Boris Pregel	7 December 1976
date of death	Robert Forde (29 August 1875 -- 13 March 1959) was an Antarctic explorer and member of the Terra Nova Expedition under Captain Robert Falcon Scott from 1910--1912.	Robert Forde	13 March 1959
date of death	Doctor Ezekiel Ezra Smith (also E.E. Smith; 1852--1933) was the U.S. Ambassador to Liberia (1888--1890) and President of Fayetteville State University.	Ezekiel Ezra Smith	1933
date of death	William Feinbloom (born Brooklyn 1904, died 1985) was an American optometrist considered to be a pioneer in the field of low vision, visual rehabilitation, and the development of low vision devices.	William Feinbloom	1985
date of death	Xiao Zisheng (simplified Chinese: 萧子升; traditional Chinese: 蕭子升; pinyin: Xiāo Zǐshēng; 22 August 1894 - 21 November 1976) was a Chinese educator and scholar.	Xiao Zisheng	21 November 1976
date of death	Walter Alison Phillips (21 October 1864 -- 28 October 1950) was an English historian, a specialist in the history of Europe in the 19th century.	Walter Alison Phillips	28 October 1950
date of death	Sir Robert Spottiswood, Lord Newabbey (1596--1646), was a Scottish lawyer.	Robert Spottiswood	1646
date of death	Charles Andreae (16 December 1906 -- 22 June 1970) was an English first class cricketer who played all his games for Cambridge University Cricket Club.	Charles Andreae	22 June 1970
date of death	Ichirai (一来, died 1180) was a Japanese warrior monk who supported the Minamoto clan of samurai against their rivals, the Taira clan.	Ichirai	1180
date of death	Sir Thomas Allen, 1st Baronet (c. 1633 -- 15 December 1690) also spelt Aleyn or Alleyn, was an English politician and grocer.	Sir Thomas Allen, 1st Baronet	15 December 1690
date of death	Frederick George Waterhouse (25 August 1815 -- 7 September 1898) was an English naturalist, zoologist and entomologist who made significant contributions to the study of the natural history of Australia.	Frederick George Waterhouse	7 September 1898
date of death	Seaton Gales (1828 - 1878) was editor of the Raleigh Register and a junior editor of the Raleigh Sentinel.	Seaton Gales	1878
date of death	Frances Greville née Macartney (c 1724 -- 1789) was an Irish poet and celebrity in Georgian England.	Frances Greville	1789
date of death	Johan Bax van Herenthals (14 March 1637 's-Hertogenbosch -- 29 June 1678, Cape Town), also written as Joan Bax, and van Herentals, was governor of the Dutch Cape Colony from 1676 succeeding the acting interim governor Ijsbrand Godske.	Johan Bax van Herenthals	29 June 1678
date of death	Lord Neill Campbell (c. 1630 -- April 1692) was a Scottish nobleman who served as Deputy Governor of East New Jersey during 1686, succeeding Gawen Lawrie.	Lord Neill Campbell	April 1692
date of death	Joseph Herrick (August 6, 1645 -- ca. 1710) was the principal law enforcement officer in Salem, Massachusetts during the Salem Witchcraft Trials of 1692.	Joseph Herrick	1710
date of death	Gualterus Schneider (23 November 1772 - 10 September 1841) was the 3rd Surveyor General of Ceylon.	Gualterus Schneider	10 September 1841
date of death	Harold McCracken (1894-1983) was an American author, Alaskan grizzly bear hunter, biplane stunt photographer, cinematographer, producer and museum director.	Harold McCracken	1983
date of death	Daniel C. Cooper (November 21, 1773 -- July 13, 1818) was an American surveyor, farmer, miller and political leader.	Daniel C. Cooper	1818
date of death	Charles Edward Beevor (12 June 1854 -- 5 December 1908) was an English neurologist and anatomist who described Beevor's sign, the Jaw jerk reflex, and the area of the brain supplied by the anterior choroidal artery.	Charles Edward Beevor	5 December 1908
date of death	Sahan Dosova, or Sakhan Dosova (Kazakh: Сaxaн Дocoвa; claimed 27 March 1879(?) -- 9 May 2009) was a Kazakhstani woman reputed by some to have been the oldest woman who ever lived.	Sahan Dosova	9 May 2009
date of death	Godfrey Goodman, also called Hugh; (28 February 1582 or 1583--19 January 1656) was the Anglican Bishop of Gloucester, and a member of the Protestant Church.	Godfrey Goodman	19 January 1656
date of death	Óengus of Moray (Oenghus mac inghine Lulaich, ri Moréb) was the last King of Moray of the native line, ruling Moray in what is now northeastern Scotland from some unknown date until his death in 1130.	Óengus of Moray	1130
date of death	Carl Randau (8 August 1893 - April 1969) was an American playwright and journalist.	Carl Randau	1969
date of death	Hermann Knüfken (9 February, 1893 - 8 February, 1976) was a German trade unionist, communist activist and anti-fascist.	Hermann Knüfken	8 February, 1976
date of death	Eleanor McClatchy (1895-1980) was president of the McClatchy newspapers from 1936 until 1978.	Eleanor McClatchy	1980
date of death	Xu Yuanquan (徐源泉; Hsü Yüan-ch'üan; 1885--1960) was a Kuomintang general from Hubei.	Xu Yuanquan	1960
date of death	Gisbert Steenwick (also Gijsbert) (baptized 6 January 1642 -- buried 20 August 1679) was a Dutch composer, organist, and carillonneur.	Gisbert Steenwick	20 August 1679
date of death	August Brentano (1829 - November 2, 1886) was a New York City newspaper dealer who was born in Hohenems, Austria.	August Brentano	1886
date of death	Eliza Turck (1832--1891), was an English portrait (including miniatures), genre, bird and landscape painter, illustrator and writer.	Eliza Turck	1891
date of death	Josefine Balluck (9 September 1908 -- 1984) was an Austrian actress with dwarfism, best known for her role as one of the Munchkins in the 1939 film The Wizard of Oz. Her dwarf brother Franz Balluck also appeared as a Munchkin in that same film.	Josefine Balluck	1984
date of death	John Baring, 2nd Baron Revelstoke PC DL (7 September 1863 -- 19 April 1929), was senior partner of Barings Bank from the 1890s until his death.	John Baring, 2nd Baron Revelstoke	19 April 1929
date of death	Gugsa of Yejju (died 23 May 1825) was a Ras of Begemder (circa 1798 until his death), and Inderase (regent) of the Emperor of Ethiopia.	Gugsa of Yejju	23 May 1825
date of death	Sir William Wheler, 1st Baronet (ca. 1611 -- 6 August 1666) of the city of Westminster, was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1640 and 1660.	William Wheler	6 August 1666
date of death	After the attempt on Commodus's life in 182, Saoterus was implicated in the plot by the praetorian prefect Tigidius Perennis, and was murdered by the freedman Cleander, who succeeded him as chamberlain.	Saoterus	182
date of death	Niels Carlsen (8 January 1734 -- 3 May 1809) was a Norwegian timber merchant and ship owner.	Niels Carlsen	3 May 1809
date of death	Qais bin Ahmad (died May 1808) was the third son of Ahmad bin Sa'id Al-Busaidi, the first Sultan of Oman of the Al Said dynasty.	Qais bin Ahmad	May 1808
date of death	Gabriel Powell (baptised 1576--1611) was a Welsh Anglican priest, known for his strident anti-Catholic views.	Gabriel Powell	1611
date of death	Frank Silver (1896--1960), a U.S. songwriter.	Frank Silver	1960
date of death	Felicula (died 90 AD) was an early virgin martyr.	Felicula	90
date of death	Christine Tamblyn (July 12, 1951 -- January 1, 1998) was an American feminist media artist, critic, and educator.	Christine Tamblyn	1998
date of death	Dora Batty (1900-1966) was a British designer, working in illustration, poster design, pottery and textiles.	Dora Batty	1966
date of death	John Hastings, 2nd Earl of Pembroke, KG (29 August 1347 -- 16 April 1375), was an English nobleman and soldier who also held the title Baron Abergavenny.	John Hastings, 2nd Earl of Pembroke	16 April 1375
date of death	Dafydd Benfras (fl. 1230-1260) was a Welsh language court poet regarded by Saunders Lewis and others as one of the greatest of the 'Poets of the Princes' (Beirdd y Tywysogion).	Dafydd Benfras	1260
date of death	Frederick Rowbottom (16 January 1938 -- 12 October 2009) was a British logician and mathematician.	Frederick Rowbottom	12 October 2009
date of death	Max Margulis (1907--1996) was an American musician, writer, music teacher, voice coach, record producer, copywriter, photographer and left-wing activist.	Max Margulis	1996
date of death	Sir Hugh Vaughan (? -- 28 August 1536) was born in Wales as a commoner to unknown parents, who later became Governor of Jersey (or Captain).	Sir Hugh Vaughan	28 August 1536
date of death	Insoo Kim Berg (25 July 1934 -- 10 January 2007) was a Korean-born American psychotherapist who was a pioneer of solution focused brief therapy.	Insoo Kim Berg	10 January 2007
date of death	Bernice Bing (1936--1998) was a Chinese American artist born in San Francisco, California in 1936.	Bernice Bing	1998
date of death	George Townshend, 2nd Marquess Townshend, PC, FRS (18 April 1753 -- 27 July 1811), known as The Lord Ferrers of Chartley from 1770 to 1784 and as The Earl of Leicester from 1784 to 1807, was a British peer and politician.	George Townshend, 2nd Marquess Townshend	27 July 1811
date of death	Johann Joseph Fritz von Miller, known as Fritz von Miller (11 November 1840--29 December, 1921) was a German bronze caster, goldsmith and sculptor.	Fritz von Miller	29 December, 1921
date of death	Cord Widderich (alternative spelling: Kort Wiederich) (died 1447) was a pirate active during political conflicts between Dithmarschen and North Frisia in the early fifteenth century.	Cord Widderich	1447
date of death	The Very Rev Leonard Coulshaw CB, MC, FKC (24 February 1896 -- 22 July 1988) was Chaplain of the Fleet and Archdeacon of the Royal Navy from 1948 to 1952.	Leonard Coulshaw	22 July 1988
date of death	Handel Cossham (31 March 1824 -- 23 April 1890) was a British colliery owner, lay preacher and Liberal politician who was active in local government and sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1890.	Handel Cossham	23 April 1890
date of death	John Marcum (1913--1981) was the co-founder of ARCA and a NASCAR official from Toledo, Ohio, United States.	John Marcum	1981
date of death	Raimondo Epifanio (1440--1482) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period.	Raimondo Epifanio	1482
date of death	Francisco de Paula Andrade Troconis (1840--1915) was a Venezuelan engineer and journalist.	Francisco de Paula Andrade Troconis	1915
date of death	D'Arcy Rose (14 August 1888 -- 17 August 1964) was an Australian politician and a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1939 until 1959.	D'Arcy Rose	17 August 1964
date of death	Ezra Danin (2 August 1903- 31 May 1984) was the head of the Arab section of the SHAI, the intelligence arm of the Haganah, Israeli politician and an orange grower.	Ezra Danin	1984
date of death	George Riddoch (10 August 1842 -- 23 April 1919) was an Australian pastoralist and politician.	George Riddoch	23 April 1919
date of death	Sir Richard Grobham Howe, 3rd Baronet (c.1651--1730), of Little Compton, Withington and Chedworth, Gloucestershire, and Wishford, Wiltshire, was an English politician.	Sir Richard Grobham Howe, 3rd Baronet	1730
date of death	Arnstein Øverkil (29 March 1937 -- 27 February 2014) was a Norwegian police chief and civil servant.	Arnstein Øverkil	27 February 2014
date of death	Andrei Ivanovici Kliushnikov, real name Vasilii Surov (commonly known as Nenin or Ninin; 1892-1924), was a Soviet communist who took a very important role in the Tatarbunary Uprising.	Andrei Ivanovici Kliushnikov	1924
date of death	Al-Muqtafi (1096 -- 12 March 1160) (Arabic: المقتفي لأمر الله‎) was the Abbasid Caliph in Baghdad from 1136 to 1160.	Al-Muqtafi	12 March 1160
date of death	Dorothy Way Eggan (1901--1965) was an American anthropologist noted for her research among the Hopi tribe.	Dorothy Way Eggan	1965
date of death	Jesse Pickard Tripp (7 May 1883 -- 6 September 1971) was a Canadian politician serving in municipal, provincial and federal governments.	Jesse Pickard Tripp	6 September 1971
date of death	Robert Armin (c. 1563 -- 1615) was an English actor, a member of the Lord Chamberlain's Men.	Robert Armin	1615
date of death	Paolo Galletti (7 March 1937 -- 25 April 2015) was an Italian former swimmer.	Paolo Galletti	25 April 2015
date of death	Rear-Admiral Hans Voss (28 April 1894 - 29 May 1973) was a German naval officer.	Hans Voss	29 May 1973
date of death	Gebek Janku ibn Muhammad was the Khan (Nutsal) of Avaristan 1801--1802.	Gebek Janku ibn Muhammad	1802
date of death	Otto Wacker (1898--1970) was a German art dealer who became infamous for commissioning and selling forgeries of paintings by Vincent van Gogh.	Otto Wacker	1970
date of death	Inge Steensland (26 November 1923 -- 18 September 2010) was a Norwegian resistance leader and shipping magnate.	Inge Steensland	18 September 2010
date of death	Isaac J. Lansing (1846-1920) was president of Clark Atlanta University from 1874 to 1876 and pastor at Park Street Church in Boston, Massachusetts from 1893 to 1897.	Isaac J. Lansing	1920
date of death	Joan Woodward (September 27, 1916 -- 1971) was a British professor in organization sociology	Joan Woodward	1971
date of death	James, Azadanus and Abdicius (died 380) are martyrs of the Christian Church.	James, Azadanus and Abdicius	380
date of death	John Ton (born Jan Cornelis Ton) (30 May 1826, Akersloot, North Holland - 4 June 1896, Chicago, Illinois) was a Dutch-born American abolitionist active in the Underground Railroad in Illinois.	John Ton	4 June 1896
date of death	Syed Mainul Hossain (17 March, 1951 -- 10 November 2014) was a Bangladeshi structural engineer and architect.	Syed Mainul Hossain	10 November 2014
date of death	Alexander Livingstone Bruce (24 October 1881 -- 12 February 1954) was a capitalist of Scottish origin, a director and major shareholder of A L Bruce Estates Ltd, one of the largest property owning companies in colonial Nyasaland.	Alexander Livingstone Bruce	12 February 1954
date of death	Thomas Bardolf, 5th Baron Bardolf (died 19 February 1408) was a baron in the Peerage of England, Lord of Wormegay, Norfolk, of Shelford and Stoke Bardolph in Nottinghamshire, Hallaton (Hallughton), Leicestershire, and others, and was ``a person of especial eminence in his time''.	Thomas Bardolf, 5th Baron Bardolf	19 February 1408
date of death	Herbert James Draper (November 1863 (or 1864)-- 22 September 1920) was an English Classicist painter whose career began in the Victorian era and extended through the first two decades of the 20th century.	Herbert James Draper	22 September 1920
date of death	Robert Francis Walker (1789--1854) was an English cleric and author, known as a translator of works of German evangelical writers.	Robert Francis Walker	1854
date of death	Richard Marquand (22 September 1937 -- 4 September 1987) was a Welsh film director, best known for directing Return of the Jedi.	Richard Marquand	4 September 1987
date of death	Edward McNiven (21 June 1827 -- 4 January 1858) was an English lawyer and cricketer who played first-class cricket for Cambridge University, Surrey and various amateur sides between 1846 and 1851.	Edward McNiven	4 January 1858
date of death	Nicholas Boson (1624--1708) was a writer in, and preserver of, the Cornish language.	Nicholas Boson	1708
date of death	John Mason Peck (1789--1858) was an American Baptist missionary to the western frontier of the United States, especially in Missouri and Illinois.	John Mason Peck	1858
date of death	Geoffrey de Clinton (died c. 1134) was an Anglo-Norman noble, chamberlain and treasurer to King Henry I of England.	Geoffrey de Clinton	1134
date of death	Sir Henry Francis Herbert Thompson, 2nd Baronet (2 April 1859 -- 26 May 1944) was a British Egyptologist.	Henry Francis Herbert Thompson	26 May 1944
date of death	Archie Grigg (15 February 1895 -- 15 October 1983) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Archie Grigg	15 October 1983
date of death	John F. Hamilton (1893--1967) was an American-born film actor who worked for many years in Britain.	John F. Hamilton	1967
date of death	William Bulkeley Hughes (26 July 1797 -- 8 March 1882) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons as a Conservative from 1837 to 1859, and as a Liberal from 1865 to 1882.	William Bulkeley Hughes	8 March 1882
date of death	Cosimo Lotti (1571--1643) was an Italian engineer, scenographer, and landscape designer.	Cosimo Lotti	1643
date of death	Élisabeth Alexandrine de Bourbon (Élisabeth Thérèse Alexandrine; 5 September 1705 -- 15 April 1765) was a French princess of the blood and a daughter of Monsieur le Duc.	Élisabeth Alexandrine de Bourbon	15 April 1765
date of death	Norman Leslie Smith, also known by his pseudonym ``Wizard'', (13 July 1890 -- 1 October 1958) was an Australian professional motor racing driver, known for his speed racing records.	Norman Leslie Smith	1 October 1958
date of death	Ivar Waller (11 June 1898 - 12 April 1991) was a Swedish professor of theoretical physics at Uppsala University.	Ivar Waller	12 April 1991
date of death	Antoinette Feuerwerker (24 November 1912 -- 10 February 2003) was a French jurist and an active fighter in the French Resistance during the Second World War.	Antoinette Feuerwerker	10 February 2003
date of death	Dean Chapman (2 January 1931 -- 22 March 1965) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Dean Chapman	22 March 1965
date of death	Joos de Beer (died 1591) was an Early Netherlandish painter from Utrecht.	Joos de Beer	1591
date of death	Jan Rajewski (1857--1906) was a Polish mathematician and prominent professor of the University of Lviv.	Jan Rajewski	1906
date of death	Juan Carlos Castillo (19 August 1964 -- 25 November 1993) was a Colombian racing cyclist.	Juan Carlos Castillo	25 November 1993
date of death	George Engleheart (1750--1829) was one of the greatest English painters of portrait miniatures, and a contemporary of Richard Cosway, John Smart, William Wood, and Richard Crosse.	George Engleheart	1829
date of death	Guillaume-Jean-Noël de Lavillegris (Saint-Malo, 20 July 1752 -- Paris, 21 January 1807) was a French Navy officer.	Guillaume-Jean-Noël de Lavillegris	21 January 1807
date of death	Dankwart Danckwerts (14 March 1933; Hamburg -- 11 May 2012; Hamburg) was a German sociologist.	Dankwart Danckwerts	11 May 2012
date of death	Joseph Franz, Prince of Dietrichstein (28 March 1798 -- 10 July 1858), was a German prince member of the House of Dietrichstein, Major general, 9th Prince (Fürst) of Dietrichstein zu Nikolsburg, Count of Proskau-Leslie, Baron (Freiherr) of Hollenburg, Finkenstein and Thalberg.	Joseph Franz, Prince of Dietrichstein	10 July 1858
date of death	George Brown Goode (13 February 1851 -- 6 September 1896), was an ichthyologist, although most of his time was spent as a museum administrator and he was very interested in the history of science, especially the history of the development of science in America.	George Brown Goode	6 September 1896
date of death	Sir Bysshe Shelley, 1st Baronet of Castle Goring (21 June 1731 -- 6 January 1815) was the grandfather of Romantic poet Percy Bysshe Shelley.	Sir Bysshe Shelley, 1st Baronet	6 January 1815
date of death	Kapitänleutnant Diether von Roeder (died 10 July 1918) was a German naval officer killed during World War I. He was commander of the 13th Torpedo Boat Flotilla and died aboard Torpedo Boat S66.	Diether von Roeder	10 July 1918
date of death	Paul J. Reinman, born Joseph Paul Reinmann, (2 September 1910, Germany--27 September 1988) was an American comic book artist best known as one of Jack Kirby's frequent inkers during the period comics fans and historians call the Silver Age of Comic Books.	Paul Reinman	27 September 1988
date of death	Claus Fasting (29 October 1746 -- 25 December 1791) was a Norwegian playwright, literary critic, editor and civil servant.	Claus Fasting	25 December 1791
date of death	Maurice Banide (20 May 1905 -- 20 May 1995) was a professional French football player and manager.	Maurice Banide	20 May 1995
date of death	Mašo Vrbica (1833 in Vrba - 10 May 1898 in Banja Luka) was a Montenegrin duke and military commander.	Mašo Vrbica	1898
date of death	Bernard Ato V (died 1163) was the Viscount of Nîmes of the Trencavel family from 1129 to his death.	Bernard Ato V	1163
date of death	Sir Thomas Neville or Nevill (by 1484 -- 29 May 1542) was a younger son of George Neville, 4th Baron Bergavenny.	Thomas Nevill	29 May 1542
date of death	Noton Osborne (1844 -- 10 December 1878) was an Australian cricketer.	Noton Osborne	1878
date of death	Herbert Claude Barnard (16 October 1890 -- 6 December 1957) was an Australian politician and government minister.	Claude Barnard	6 December 1957
date of death	Giorgio Mangiamele (13 August 1926 -- 13 May 2001) was an Italian/Australian photographer and filmmaker who made a unique contribution to the production of Australian art cinema in the 1950s and 1960s.	Giorgio Mangiamele	13 May 2001
date of death	Umberto Masetti (4 May 1926 - 28 May 2006) was an Italian two-time World Champion Grand Prix motorcycle road racer.	Umberto Masetti	28 May 2006
date of death	Thomas Evans (Tomos Glyn Cothi) (20 June 1764 -- 29 January 1833), was a Welsh poet.	Thomas Evans (Tomos Glyn Cothi)	29 January 1833
date of death	Wang Donglei (Simplified Chinese: 王冬雷) (1 January 1985 -- 5 April 2008) was a Chinese footballer.	Wang Donglei	5 April 2008
date of death	Stanisław Ignacy Witkiewicz (Polish: (staˈɲiswaf iɡˈnat͡sɨ vitˈkʲɛvit͡ʂ); 24 February 1885 -- 18 September 1939), commonly known as Witkacy, was a Polish writer, painter, philosopher, playwright, novelist, and photographer active in the interwar period.	Stanisław Ignacy Witkiewicz	18 September 1939
date of death	Muhammad ibn Munkadir (died 747), also known as Ibn al-Munkadir or Muhammad al-Taymi, was a prominent tabi'i (plural: taba'een) and reciter of the Qur'an, who transmitted a number of hadith.	Muhammad ibn Munkadir	747
date of death	Henry II of Leez (died 4 September 1164) was prince-bishop of Liège from 1145 until his death.	Henry II of Leez	4 September 1164
date of death	François Devouassoud (September 1831 -- 1905) was a French mountain guide who made many first ascents in the Alps, notably as guide to Douglas William Freshfield, who claimed that Devouassoud ``was the first Alpine guide to carry his ice-axe to the snows of a distant range''.	François Devouassoud	1905
date of death	The Reverend George Andrew Jacob DD (16 December 1807 -- 7 May 1896) was an English clergyman and schoolmaster and author of many books about education and Christianity.	George Andrew Jacob	7 May 1896
date of death	Danny McAllister (1919--2008) was a famous Irish sportsperson.	Danny McAllister	2008
date of death	Sir Pryce Pryce-Jones (16 October 1834 -- 11 January 1920) was a Welsh entrepreneur who was one of the first to succeed in the mail order business.	Pryce Pryce-Jones	11 January 1920
date of death	John Cabess (also written as John Kabes or John Cabes) (c. 1640s-1722) was a prominent African trader in the port city of Komenda, part of the Eguafo Kingdom, in modern-day Ghana.	John Cabess	1722
date of death	Hans Ritter von Hemmer, (26 June 1869 -- 15 December 1931), son of Colonel Anthony Hemmer, was an officer in the Royal Bavarian Army and Knight Commander of the Military Order of Max Joseph.	Hans Ritter von Hemmer	15 December 1931
date of death	Zorawar Singh Kahluria (1786-1841) was born in Kahlur State in Bilaspur, Kahlur, Sikh Misl.	Zorawar Singh Kahluria	1841
date of death	Josef Labor (29 June 1842 -- 26 April 1924) was an Austrian pianist, organist, and composer of the late Romantic era.	Josef Labor	26 April 1924
date of death	Johann Christian Köpping (1704 -- 1772) was a German curator, best known as an assistant of J. S. Bach.	Johann Christian Köpping	1772
date of death	Dirk van Bleiswijk, or Dirck van Bleyswijck (28 December 1639 in Delft -- 11 September 1681 in Middelburg), was a Delft politician and writer.	Dirk van Bleiswijk	11 September 1681
date of death	Robert Orr, Jr. (5 March 1786 at Hannastown, Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania -- 22 May 1876 at Kittanning, Pennsylvania) was a Pennsylvania political figure.	Robert Orr, Jr.	22 May 1876
date of death	Johann Theodor de Bry (1561 -- 31 January 1623) was an engraver and publisher.	Johann Theodor de Bry	31 January 1623
date of death	David Neil MacKenzie FBA (8 April 1926 -- 13 October 2001) was a scholar of Iranian languages.	David Neil MacKenzie	13 October 2001
date of death	Gerald FitzGerald, 11th Earl of Kildare (1525--1585), also known as the ``Wizard Earl'' (a sobriquet also given to Henry Percy, 9th Earl of Northumberland), was an Irish peer.	Gerald FitzGerald, 11th Earl of Kildare	1585
date of death	Alice Grant Rosman (18 July 1882 -- 20 August 1961) - also known as Alice Trevenen Rosman - was an Australian novelist.	Alice Grant Rosman	20 August 1961
date of death	Jeremiah N. Reynolds (1799--1858), also known as J.N. Reynolds, was an American newspaper editor, lecturer, explorer and author who became an influential advocate for scientific expeditions.	Jeremiah N. Reynolds	1858
date of death	Ines Fančović (née Nikolić; 5 October 1925 -- 21 August 2011) was a Bosnian actress of film, television and theater.	Ines Fančović	21 August 2011
date of death	John Leo Travers (20 October 1899 -- 23 February 1979) was an Australian politician who represented the South Australian House of Assembly seat of Torrens from 1953 to 1956 for the Liberal and Country League.	John Leo Travers	23 February 1979
date of death	Bernice Tannenbaum (6 November 1913 -- 6 April 2015) was an activist with Hadassah.	Bernice Tannenbaum	2015
date of death	Akha Bhagat (or commonly known as Akho) (Gujarati: અખા ભગત, અખો) (1591--1656) was a medieval Gujarati poet who wrote in the tradition of the Bhakti movement.	Akha Bhagat	1656
date of death	John Alexander Gunn (1896--1975) was an author of philosophy books who earned his Ph.D. from the University of Liverpool and worked there as a fellow.	John Alexander Gunn	1975
date of death	Hans Monderman (19 November 1945 -- 7 January 2008) was a Dutch road traffic engineer and innovator.	Hans Monderman	7 January 2008
date of death	Rochus Misch (29 July 1917 -- 5 September 2013) was a German Oberscharführer (sergeant) in the 1st SS Panzer Division Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler (LSSAH).	Rochus Misch	5 September 2013
date of death	David Jenks SSM (1866--1935) was a priest of the Church of England and member of the Society of the Sacred Mission (SSM).	David Jenks	1935
date of death	Arthur Rosebery (1904-1986) was an English pianist and singer.	Arthur Rosebery	1986
date of death	Harold Clarke Goddard (1878-1950) was a professor in the English Department of Swarthmore College.	Harold Clarke Goddard	1950
date of death	Roop Singh Bais (8 September 1908 -- 16 December 1977) was a legendary Indian hockey player.	Roop Singh	16 December 1977
date of death	Miltiadis Goulimis (Greek: Μιλτιάδης Γουλιμής) (1844--1896) was a Greek politician from Missolonghi.	Miltiadis Goulimis	1896
date of death	George Teasdale (8 December 1831 -- 9 June 1907) was a Mormon missionary and a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).	George Teasdale	9 June 1907
date of death	Don McKillop (14 November 1929 -- 19 December 2005) was an English actor born in Carlisle, Cumberland.	Don McKillop	19 December 2005
date of death	Marc Krasner (1912 -- 13 May 1985, Paris) was a Russian-born French mathematician, who worked on algebraic number theory.	Marc Krasner	13 May 1985
date of death	Admiral Sir Colin Richard Keppel GCVO KCIE CB DSO (3 December 1862 -- 6 July 1947) was a British sailor and Extra Equerry to four kings.	Colin Richard Keppel	6 July 1947
date of death	Gregorius Sickinger (1558--1631) was a Swiss painter, draughtsman, and engraver.	Gregorius Sickinger	1631
date of death	Stephen Poyntz Denning (1795 -- 8 June 1864) was an English portrait painter and gallery curator.	Stephen Poyntz Denning	8 June 1864
date of death	Johann Nepomuk Sepp (7 August 1816 -- 5 June 1909) was a German historian and politician, and a native of Bavaria.	Johann Nepomuk Sepp	5 June 1909
date of death	Ashot the Swift (died in 939) (Georgian: აშოტ კისკასი) was a Georgian prince of the Bagrationi dynasty from Tao-Klarjeti.	Ashot the Swift	939
date of death	John Horvat (Croatian: Ivan Horvat; Hungarian: János Horváti; died on 15 August 1394) was a Croatian nobleman in the Kingdom of Hungary-Croatia who served as Ban of Macsó from 1376 to 1381, and again between 1385 and 1386.	John Horvat	15 August 1394
date of death	Wilbur Kitchener Jordan (also known as W. K. Jordan), (1902-1980) was an American historian, specializing in sixteenth and seventeenth century Britain.	Wilbur Kitchener Jordan	1980
date of death	Leopold Endel-Ragis (1894--1943) was soldier of the Polish Legions in World War I and the Austro-Hungarian Army, and colonel of infantry of the Polish Army in the Second Polish Republic (1918 - 1939).	Leopold Endel-Ragis	1943
date of death	Thomas de Ringstead (died 1366) was an English Dominican who became Bishop of Bangor.	Thomas de Ringstead	1366
date of death	Ernie Sellars (20 June 1890 -- 8 November 1955) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ernie Sellars	8 November 1955
date of death	Henry Sloughter (died 1691) was briefly colonial governor of New York and Massachusetts in 1691.	Henry Sloughter	1691
date of death	Eddie Bevan (c. 1925--1988) was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.	Eddie Bevan	1988
date of death	Ravi Shankar Vyas (1884--1984) was an Indian freedom fighter born at Radhu (Kheda district, Gujarat, India) and social reformer, hailing from and working in the state of Gujarat.	Ravi Shankar Vyas	1984
date of death	William de Spynie (died 1406) was a Scottish prelate.	William de Spynie	1406
date of death	Satyananda Stokes (16 August 1882 - 14 May 1946) was an American who settled in India and participated in the Indian Independence Movement.	Satyananda Stokes	14 May 1946
date of death	Jacopo Colonna (died 1540) was an Italian sculptor active in the Renaissance.	Jacopo Colonna	1540
date of death	Jack Carmody (7 June 1911 -- 28 March 1982) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood and Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jack Carmody	28 March 1982
date of death	John Hosack (baptised 1813 -- 1887) was a Scottish lawyer and historical writer.	John Hosack	1887
date of death	Fridugisus, also known as Fredegisus or Fredegis of Tours (born in England towards the end of the eighth century; died in Tours around 834), was a monk, teacher, and writer.	Fridugisus	834
date of death	Nelson Boyd (February 6, 1928, Camden, New Jersey -- October 1985) was an American bebop jazz bassist.	Nelson Boyd	October 1985
date of death	Mary Ellaline Terriss, Lady Hicks (13 April 1871 -- 16 June 1971), known professionally as Ellaline Terriss, was a popular English actress and singer, best known for her performances in Edwardian musical comedies.	Ellaline Terriss	16 June 1971
date of death	Jakob van Domselaer (15 April 1890 in Nijkerk, Gelderland -- 5 January 1960) was a Dutch composer.	Jakob van Domselaer	5 January 1960
date of death	Baldwin de Redvers, 7th Earl of Devon (1 January 1236 -- 1262), feudal baron of Plympton in Devon and Lord of the Isle of Wight, was the son of Baldwin de Redvers, 6th Earl of Devon and Amice de Clare, daughter of Gilbert de Clare, 5th Earl of Hertford.	Baldwin de Redvers, 7th Earl of Devon	1262
date of death	Ayyub Musallam Ya'qub Musallam (1905--2001) was a public speaker, author and politician.	Ayyub Musallam	2001
date of death	Costanza d'Avalos Piccolomini (died 1560) was a duchess of Amalfi.	Costanza d'Avalos Piccolomini	1560
date of death	Sir John Henry Birchenough, 1st Baronet, GCMG (7 March 1853 -- 12 May 1937) was an English businessman and public servant.	Henry Birchenough	12 May 1937
date of death	Joseph Wattmann von Maëlcamp-Beaulieu (6 March 1789, Oberlangbath -- 14 September 1866) was an Austrian surgeon.	Joseph Wattmann	14 September 1866
date of death	Jack O'Newbury (1489-1557) was the much-used nickname of John Winchcombe II. Jack was one of the richest and most influential English cloth merchants of the early 16th century.	Jack O'Newbury	1557
date of death	Lucien Massart (1908 -- 1988) was a specialist in the animal and plant enzymology.	Lucien Massart	1988
date of death	Kurt Oscar Weber (26 July 1938 -- 29 October 2011) was a Swiss-American fine artist, primarily working in sculpture and painting.	Kurt Oscar Weber	29 October 2011
date of death	Stanisław Gabriel Worcell (26 March 1799 in Stepań/Volhynia -- 3 February 1857 in London) was a socialist Polish revolutionary.	Stanisław Gabriel Worcell	3 February 1857
date of death	Marianne Breslauer (married surname Feilchenfeldt, 20 November 1909 -- 7 February 2001) was a German photographer during the Weimar Republic.	Marianne Breslauer	7 February 2001
date of death	Ross Graves (August 27, 1874 in Albany, New York -- 1940) was an American businessman and politician from New York.	Ross Graves	1940
date of death	John Griswold White (10 Aug 1845-- 26 Aug 1928) was a prominent Cleveland attorney, a chess connoisseur, and a bibliophile.	John Griswold White	1928
date of death	Brigadier Cecil Arthur Harrop Chadwick CBE (13 August 1901--3 September 1970), was a British soldier and briefly a Liberal Party politician.	Cecil Arthur Harrop Chadwick	3 September 1970
date of death	Mastan Haider Mirza, popularly known as Haji Mastan, Bawa /Sultan Mirza (1 March 1926 - 9 May 1994) was an Indian mobster and filmmaker.	Haji Mastan	1994
date of death	Gilbert Horal or Erail (died December 1200) was the 12th Grand Master of the Knights Templar from 1193 to 1200.	Gilbert Horal	December 1200
date of death	Bronwen Wallace (26 May 1945 -- 25 August 1989) was a Canadian poet and short story writer.	Bronwen Wallace	25 August 1989
date of death	Bruno Radicioni (10 December 1933 -- 17 April 1997) was an Italian painter, sculptor and ceramist, lived for a decade in Canada.	Bruno Radicioni	17 April 1997
date of death	May Wright Sewall (May 27, 1844 -- July 22, 1920) was an American reformer, who was known for her service to the causes of education, women's rights, and world peace.	May Wright Sewall	1920
date of death	Sir Francis Philip Cunliffe-Owen KCB KCMG CIE FRSA (8 June 1828 -- 23 March 1894) was an exhibition organizer and the Director of the South Kensington Museum in London.	Philip Cunliffe-Owen	23 March 1894
date of death	Ulrich Ensingen (or Ensinger) (1350/60 -- February 10, 1419) was a medieval German architect.	Ulrich Ensingen	1419
date of death	Margaret Nowell Graham (1867-1942) was an American artist who painted watercolors of flowers and landscapes.	Margaret Nowell Graham	1942
date of death	William Cheselden (/ˈtʃɛsəldən/; 19 October 1688 -- 10 April 1752) was an English surgeon and teacher of anatomy and surgery, who was influential in establishing surgery as a scientific medical profession.	William Cheselden	10 April 1752
date of death	Arthur Chesters (14 February 1910 -- 23 March 1963) was an English footballer.	Arthur Chesters	23 March 1963
date of death	Prof Sir Bernard Crossland CBE, FRS (20 October 1923 -- 17 January 2011) was a professor of engineering with a career spanning some seven decades.	Bernard Crossland	17 January 2011
date of death	Bernat Calbó (or Calvó) (c. 1180 -- 26 October 1243), sometimes called Bernard of Calvo, was a Catalan jurist, bureaucrat, monk, bishop, and soldier.	Bernat Calbó	1243
date of death	Henry Savage (1604?--1672) was an English clergyman, academic and controversialist, Master of Balliol College, Oxford from 1651.	Henry Savage	1672
date of death	Karl von Luxburg (10 May 1872 in Würzburg -- 2 April 1956 in Ramos Mejía, Argentina) was German chargé d'affaires at Buenos Aires, Argentina, in 1917, during World War I.	Karl von Luxburg	2 April 1956
date of death	Elizabeth Bradford Holbrook, CM, O.Ont (7 November 1913 -- 23 February 2009) was a Canadian portrait sculptor, medal designer and liturgical artist.	Elizabeth Bradford Holbrook	23 February 2009
date of death	Jianzhi Sengcan (Chinese: 鑑智僧璨; Hànyǔ Pīnyīn: Jiànzhì Sēngcàn; Wade--Giles: Chien-chih Seng-ts'an; Japanese: Kanchi Sōsan, died 606) is known as the Third Chinese Patriarch of Chán after Bodhidharma and thirtieth Patriarch after Siddhārtha Gautama Buddha.	Sengcan	606
date of death	Ganesh Ghosh (Bengali: গণেশ ঘোষ) (22 June 1900 -- 16 October 1994) was a Bengali Indian independence activist, revolutionary and politician.	Ganesh Ghosh	16 October 1994
date of death	Princess Augusta of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach (Augusta Marie Luise Katharina; 30 September 1811 -- 7 January 1890) was the Queen of Prussia and the first German Empress as the consort of William I, German Emperor.	Augusta of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach	7 January 1890
date of death	James Milo Griffith (11 June 1843 -- 8 September 1897) was a Welsh sculptor, who after originally training as an artisan mason, became notable for his memorial statues.	James Milo Griffith	8 September 1897
date of death	Archibald McDowall (2 December 1841 -- 13 May 1918) was a Surveyor General of Queensland, (then a colony, now a state of Australia).	Archibald McDowall	13 May 1918
date of death	George Shepheard (26 January 1770 -- 7 September 1842) was an English professional cricketer who made 10 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1794 to 1799.	George Shepheard	7 September 1842
date of death	Madge Ryan (8 January 1919 -- 9 January 1994) was an Australian-born film, theatre and television actress, best known for her stage roles in the United Kingdom	Madge Ryan	9 January 1994
date of death	Dr Conn McCluskey (1914-16 December 2013) was an Irish civil rights activist in the 1960s, and a medical doctor.	Conn McCluskey	16 December 2013
date of death	Henry Moxley (1809-1878) was an African-American businessman, religious leader and activist in Buffalo, New York.	Henry Moxley	1878
date of death	Richard A. Compton (July 9, 1926 -- 1993) of Ithaca, New York was an American educator, hotelman and expert in the facilities management within resort and entertainment industry.	Richard A. Compton	1993
date of death	George Way Harley (8 August 1894 -- 7 November 1966) was an American Methodist medical missionary.	George Way Harley	7 November 1966
date of death	John Bois (sometimes spelled Boys or ``Boyse'') (3 January 1560 -- 14 January 1643) was an English scholar, remembered mainly as one of the members of the translating committee for the Authorized Version of the Bible.	John Bois	14 January 1643
date of death	Thomas Newcomen Archibald Grove (1855 -- 4 June 1920), commonly known as Archibald Grove, was a British magazine editor and Liberal Party politician.	Archibald Grove	4 June 1920
date of death	Ferdinand Praeger (22 January 1815 -- 2 September 1891) (aka Ferdinand Christian Wilhelm Praeger) was a composer, music teacher, pianist and writer.	Ferdinand Praeger	2 September 1891
date of death	Arne Skaug (6 November 1906 -- 4 March 1974) was a Norwegian economist, civil servant, diplomat and politician for the Labour Party.	Arne Skaug	4 March 1974
date of death	Pietro Gualdi aka Pedro Gualdi (22 July 1808 Carpi, Emilia-Romagna - 4 January 1857 New Orleans), was an Italian-born artist, panorama painter, architect and lithographer who was active in Mexico City from 1838 to about 1851, and in New Orleans from about 1851 to 1857.	Pietro Gualdi	4 January 1857
date of death	Louis-Henri de Baugy, Chevalier de Baugy (died 1720) was from a noble family of France and came to New France as a member of the party of Joseph-Antoine de La Barre, who was replacing Buade de Frontenac as Governor General.	Louis-Henri de Baugy, Chevalier de Baugy	1720
date of death	József Haubrich (9 November 1883, Deta -- 1939) was a Hungarian politician, who served as Minister of Defence twice in 1919.	József Haubrich	1939
date of death	Robert Reasoner Nevin (2 August 1875, in Dayton, Ohio -- 31 December 1952) was a United States federal judge.	Robert Reasoner Nevin	31 December 1952
date of death	Edward Arthur Wilson, better known as Brother XII, (July 25, 1878--November 7, 1934?) was an English mystic who, in the late 1920s, founded a spiritual community located just south of the city of Nanaimo on Vancouver Island, off the west coast of British Columbia, Canada.	Brother XII	1934
date of death	Alan of Beccles (ca. 1195 -- 1240) was official secretary to Bishops Pandulf and Thomas de Blundeville of Norwich between the years 1217 and 1236.	Alan of Beccles	1240
date of death	John Urpeth Rastrick (26 January 1780 -- 1 November 1856) was one of the first English steam locomotive builders.	John Urpeth Rastrick	1 November 1856
date of death	Ibnu Parna (died 1965) was an Indonesian communist politician and leader of the Acoma Party (Partai Acoma), and trade unionist.	Ibnu Parna	1965
date of death	Yuchi Jiong (尉遲迥) (died 580), courtesy name Bojuluo (薄居羅), was a general of the Chinese/Xianbei states Western Wei and Northern Zhou.	Yuchi Jiong	580
date of death	Georgette de Montenay (1540--1581) was the French author of Emblemes ou devises chrestiennes, published in Lyon between 1567 and 1571.	Georgette de Montenay	1581
date of death	Lady Ida Beasley Elliott (December 25, 1864--1948) was a missionary to Burma and one of the first women to own a business in Winchester, Tennessee.	Ida Beasley Elliott	1948
date of death	Heinrich Christian Macklot (20 October 1799, Frankfurt am Main -- 12 May 1832) was a German naturalist.	Heinrich Christian Macklot	12 May 1832
date of death	Jean-Antoine Auguste Metz (8 August 1812 -- 22 June 1854) was a Luxembourgian entrepreneur, politician, and lawyer.	Auguste Metz	22 June 1854
date of death	Henry Warwick Braithwaite (9 January 1896 -- 19 January 1971) was a New Zealand-born orchestral conductor.	Warwick Braithwaite	19 January 1971
date of death	Ken Herbert (27 December 1924 -- 3 March 2011) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ken Herbert	3 March 2011
date of death	Roderigo Lopez (also called Ruy Lopes or Roger Lopez; c. 1517 -- 7 June 1594) served as physician-in-chief to Queen Elizabeth I of England from 1581 until his death by execution, having been found guilty of plotting to poison the Queen.	Roderigo Lopez	7 June 1594
date of death	Agilbert died at some time after 10 March 673, on which date he witnessed Clotilde's foundation charter for the Abbey of Bruyères-le-Châtel, and probably between 679 and 690.	Agilbert	10 March 673
date of death	Thomas Bewes Strangways (23 July 1809 -- 23 February 1859), generally called ``Bewes Strangways'' or ``T. Bewes Strangways'', was an explorer, early settler and Colonial Secretary of South Australia.	Thomas Bewes Strangways	23 February 1859
date of death	Pan Tianshou (Chinese: 潘天寿; pinyin: Pān Tiānshòu; 1897--1971) was a Chinese painter and art educator.	Pan Tianshou	1971
date of death	Jorge Pires Ferreira (12 December 1920 -- 6 November 2013), known professionally as Jorge Dória, was a Brazilian actor and humorist.	Jorge Dória	6 November 2013
date of death	Allan Mullen, M.D. (also Mullin, Molines) (died 1690) was an eminent Irish anatomist.	Allan Mullen	1690
date of death	Basil LeFlore (born near Carrollton, Mississippi, in 1811; died in Goodland, Indian Territory, 15 October 1886) was governor of the Choctaw nation from 1860 to 1875, and later was auditor until his death.	Basil LeFlore	1886
date of death	Martha Walker Freer (1822 -- 1888) was an English writer on French history.	Martha Walker Freer	1888
date of death	Jacques Brunel (Brumel, Brumello, Brunello, Giaches Brumel, etc.) (died 1564) was a French organist and composer, active mostly in Italy.	Jacques Brunel	1564
date of death	Leo Steiner (c. 1939 -- December 31, 1987) was a Jewish American restaurateur who was co-owner of the Carnegie Deli, located next to Carnegie Hall at 55th Street and Seventh Avenue in the New York City borough of Manhattan.	Leo Steiner	1987
date of death	Kariel Gardosh (15 April 1921 -- 28 February 2000) was an Israeli cartoonist and illustrator known by his nickname Dosh.	Kariel Gardosh	28 February 2000
date of death	Andrew Broughton (1602/3--1687) was Clerk of the Court at the High Court of Justice for the trial King Charles I of England.	Andrew Broughton	1687
date of death	Blasco de Grañén (ca. 1400, Zaragoza, Spain - October 1459, Zaragoza) (known as: ``Master of Lanaja'') was a Gothic painter active in Aragon from 1422.	Blasco de Grañén	October 1459
date of death	Sir Robert Rawlinson KCB (28 February 1810 -- 31 May 1898) was an English engineer and sanitarian.	Robert Rawlinson	31 May 1898
date of death	Sergei Mikhailovich Golitsyn (Russian: Серге́й Михайлович Голицын; 14 March (O.S. 1 March) 1909 -- 7 November 1989) was a Russian writer.	Sergei Mikhailovich Golitsyn	7 November 1989
date of death	Karl von Mansfeld (1543 -- 24 August 1595) was a German general during the Cologne War and the Ottoman-Habsburg wars.	Karl von Mansfeld	24 August 1595
date of death	Xavier Zequeira (2 May 1907 -- September 1976) was a Puerto Rican sports shooter.	Xavier Zequeira	1976
date of death	Jeremiah Garnett (1793--1870) was an English journalist, active in the politics of Lancashire and the founding of The Guardian.	Jeremiah Garnett	1870
date of death	Lala Ram Ken (Hindi: लाला राम केन; 24 November 1931 − 5 October 2007) was a political leader who was elected Member of Parliament twice from Bayana Constituency for 7th and 8th Lok Sabha(Parliament).	Lala Ram Ken	5 October 2007
date of death	Jenny Gilbertson (born Jenny Brown; October 28, 1902 - January 8 1990) was a Scottish documentary and educational filmmaker.	Jenny Gilbertson	1990
date of death	Nalini Prava Deka (11 March 1944 -- 15 June 2014) was a prominent Assamese lady author, poet, storyteller, essayist, actress and radio playwright from Assam, a state encompassing the Brahmaputra valley in India.	Nalini Prava Deka	15 June 2014
date of death	Wong Ho Leng (simplified Chinese: 黄和联; traditional Chinese: 黃和聯; pinyin: Huáng Hé Lián; 21 December 1959 -- 21 June 2014) was a Malaysian politician.	Wong Ho Leng	21 June 2014
date of death	Henry English (died 1393), of Wood Ditton, Cambridgeshire, was an English politician.	Henry English	1393
date of death	Menachem Yedid (Hebrew: מנחם ידיד‎; 15 January 1918 -- 5 May 2013) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Gahal and Likud between 1965 and 1977.	Menachem Yedid	5 May 2013
date of death	William Dollard (baptized 29 November 1789 -- 29 August 1851) was an Irish born Canadian Roman Catholic priest and Bishop of Saint John in America, New Brunswick from 1842 to 1851.	William Dollard	29 August 1851
date of death	Henry Simms (c. 1717 -- 17 June 1747), known as Young Gentlemen Harry, was a thief and highwayman in 18th-century England who was transported to Maryland for theft, but escaped and returned to England, where he was eventually executed for highway robbery.	Henry Simms	17 June 1747
date of death	Barral of Baux (died 1268) was Viscount of Marseilles and Lord of Baux.	Barral of Baux	1268
date of death	Harriet Duncan Hobart (1825--1898) was an American schoolteacher and women's rights advocate.	Harriet Duncan Hobart	1898
date of death	Robert Monteith (1812 -- 31 March 1884), DL, JP, was a Scottish politician and philanthropist, Deputy Lieutenant for the County of Lanark.	Robert Monteith	31 March 1884
date of death	Joshua Harold Burn FRS (6 March 1892 -- 13 July 1981) was an English pharmacologist and Emeritus Professor of Pharmacology at Oxford University.	Joshua Harold Burn	13 July 1981
date of death	K. R. Ramsingh (c. 1915 - d. 18 October 1985) was a Tamil theatre artist, film actor and voice actor.	K. R. Ramsingh	18 October 1985
date of death	Joseph Bryant Rotherham (1828--1910) was a British biblical scholar and minister of the Churches of Christ.	Joseph Bryant Rotherham	1910
date of death	Robert Plumptre (1723--1788) was an English churchman and academic, President of Queens' College, Cambridge from 1760.	Robert Plumptre	1788
date of death	Otto III, Duke of Pomerania (29 May 1444 -- 7 September 1464) was a member of the House of Griffins and a Duke of Pomerania-Stettin.	Otto III, Duke of Pomerania	7 September 1464
date of death	Zoltán Baló (23 January 1883 -- 10 December 1966) was a Hungarian military officer and a Colonel of the Royal Hungarian Home Defence Force and its successor, the Royal Hungarian Home Defence Force.	Zoltán Baló	10 December 1966
date of death	Sébastien René Lenormand (2 April 1796 in Condé-sur-Noireau -- 10 December 1871) was a French lawyer and botanist who specialized in the field of phycology.	Sébastien René Lenormand	10 December 1871
date of death	Fredrik Møller (21 March 1906 -- 11 March 1971) was a Norwegian engineer, research administrator, entrepreneur and industrialist.	Fredrik Møller	11 March 1971
date of death	Rochunga Pudaite (4 December 1927 -- 10 October 2015) was an Indian minister of Hmar descent who translated the Bible into the Hmar language and founded Bibles for the World.	Rochunga Pudaite	10 October 2015
date of death	Ephraim Deinard (1846--1930) was one of the greatest Hebrew ``bookmen'' of all time.	Ephraim Deinard	1930
date of death	João de Sá, knight (fl. 1497 -- 1514) was a Portuguese explorer, who accompanied Vasco da Gama on the voyage that of the first ships to sail directly from Europe to India.	João de Sá	1514
date of death	Eadwig, also spelled Edwy (died 1 October 959), usually called the All-Fair, was King of England from 955 until his premature death in 959.	Eadwig	1 October 959
date of death	John Hodges Benwell (1764--1785) was an English genre painter, some of whose works became well-known through engravings.	John Hodges Benwell	1785
date of death	Nathaniel Emmons (April 20, 1745 -- 1840) was a noted New England divine.	Nathaniel Emmons	1840
date of death	Robert Preston, 1st Baron Gormanston (died 1396) was an Anglo-Irish nobleman, statesman and judge.	Robert Preston, 1st Baron Gormanston	1396
date of death	Myra Kinch (1904-November 20, 1981) was a choreographer and dancer who appeared in several Hollywood motion pictures.	Myra Kinch	1981
date of death	Stefano Madia (31 December 1954 -- 16 December 2004) was an Italian film actor.	Stefano Madia	16 December 2004
date of death	Byrd Lockhart (1782--1839), was a 19th-century Texas surveyor, Alamo defender, courier, and Texian officer during the Texas Revolution.	Byrd Lockhart	1839
date of death	Ida de Tosny, Countess of Norfolk was very likely a daughter of Ralph V de Tosny (died 1162) and his wife Margaret (born circa 1125 and living in 1185), a daughter of Robert de Beaumont, 2nd Earl of Leicester.	Ida de Tosny	1162
date of death	Abbas-Ali Amid Zanjani (30 March 1937 -- 30 October 2011) was an Iranian politician and cleric.	Abbas-Ali Amid Zanjani	30 October 2011
date of death	George Richard Marek (13 July 1902 -- 7 January 1987) was an American music executive and author of biographies of classical composers.	George Richard Marek	7 January 1987
date of death	Susanna Montgomery, Countess of Eglinton (1690 -- 18 March 1780) was the third wife of Alexander Montgomerie, 9th Earl of Eglinton.	Susanna Montgomery, Countess of Eglinton	18 March 1780
date of death	Margaret Fiennes, 11th Baroness Dacre (1541 -- 16 March 1612) was a suo jure peeress having been created Baroness Dacre by King James I of England in 1604.	Margaret Fiennes, 11th Baroness Dacre	16 March 1612
date of death	Ramón Allende Padín (19 March 1845 -- 14 October 1884), nicknamed El Rojo (``The Red''), was a Chilean physician and political figure.	Ramón Allende Padín	14 October 1884
date of death	Pino Massara (24 April 1931 - 23 July 2013) was an Italian musician, composer, record producer and conductor.	Pino Massara	23 July 2013
date of death	Mgr Anselm Bourke, born Nicholas Bourke, (Dublin, 10 September 1835 -- West Perth, 2 June 1924) was a Roman Catholic priest of Irish origins.	Anselm Bourke	2 June 1924
date of death	Sidney Maiden (1923 -- 1970) was an American country blues musician.	Sidney Maiden	1970
date of death	Luz Jiménez or Luciana (born Julia Jiménez González; 1897--1965) was an indigenous Mexican model and Nahuatl-language storyteller and linguistic informant from Milpa Alta, D.F. As a young woman she witnessed the Mexican Revolution, and was present when Emiliano Zapata and his revolutionary army entered Milpa Alta in 1911.	Luz Jiménez	1965
date of death	Nic Potter (18 October 1951 -- 16 January 2013) was a British bassist, composer and painter, best known for his work with the group Van der Graaf Generator in the 1970s.	Nic Potter	16 January 2013
date of death	Archibald Edward Glover (1859-1954) was a British Protestant Christian missionary in China.	Archibald Edward Glover	1954
date of death	Christian Gottlob Hubert (1714--1793) was a famous builder of keyboard instruments.	Christian Gottlob Hubert	1793
date of death	Nino Aleksi-Meskhishvili (1896, Tbilisi -- 16 May 1956, Moscow) was a Georgian stage actor.	Nino Aleksi-Meskhishvili	16 May 1956
date of death	Edwin Eugene Bagley (May 29, 1857 -- January 29, 1922) was an American composer, most famous for composing the march National Emblem.	Edwin Eugene Bagley	1922
date of death	Bert Boromeo (10 May 1892 -- 19 April 1971) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Bert Boromeo	19 April 1971
date of death	Karol Józef Krótki, FRSC (15 May 1922 -- 6 July 2007) was a renowned Polish Canadian demographer who, at various times, lived and worked in Poland, the United Kingdom, Sudan, Pakistan, Morocco and Canada.	Karol Józef Krótki	6 July 2007
date of death	Francisco Viana (1895 -- 1945 in Lisbon) was a Portuguese guitarist and composer of fados.	Francisco Viana	1945
date of death	George I Šubić of Bribir (Croatian: Juraj I Šubić Bribirski) (c. 1277 -- 1302) was the Count of Trogir, and a member of the Croatian Šubić noble family.	George I Šubić of Bribir	1302
date of death	Francis Hamilton Stuart (20 July 1912 -- 1 February 2007) is a former Australian public servant and diplomat.	Francis Hamilton Stuart	1 February 2007
date of death	Kazimierz Laskowski (7 November 1899 -- 20 October 1961) was a Polish fencer and military officer.	Kazimierz Laskowski	20 October 1961
date of death	Noah Young Jr. (2 February 1887 - 18 April 1958) was a former champion weightlifter and actor.	Noah Young	18 April 1958
date of death	Maximilian Elisäus Alexander von Hanstein, Count of Pölzig and Beiersdorf (9 June 1804, Burghaig, Kulmbach -- 18 April 1884, Schmölln) was a Thuringian count.	Alexander von Hanstein, Count of Pölzig and Beiersdorf	18 April 1884
date of death	Baltasar Barreira (Balthasar) (1531--1612), born at Lisbon, was a Portuguese Jesuit missionary to Africa.	Baltasar Barreira	1612
date of death	Ivan Prasko (1 May 1914 -- 28 January 2001) was the eparch of Australia, New Zealand and Oceania for the Ukrainian Catholic Church.	Ivan Prasko	28 January 2001
date of death	In Luo Guanzhong's historical novel Romance of the Three Kingdoms, Cao Xing played a greater role in the events preceding the Battle of Xiapi in 198.	Cao Xing	198
date of death	Julius Klein (1901--1984) was an American, journalist, spy, business executive and United States Army general.	Julius Klein	1984
date of death	Eric Enstrom (1875, in Mora parrish, Sweden -- 1968, in Coleraine, Minnesota, USA) was famous for his 1918 photograph of Charles Wilden in Bovey, Minnesota.	Eric Enstrom	1968
date of death	Gangadhar Appa Burande (Marathi: गंगाधर अप्पा बुरांडे, 29 December 1919 in Moha -- 1 October 2008) was an Indian politician.	Gangadhar Appa Burande	1 October 2008
date of death	Johan Gadolin (5 June 1760 -- 15 August 1852) was a Finnish chemist, physicist and mineralogist.	Johan Gadolin	15 August 1852
date of death	Revd Dr Frederick Charles Plumptre (1796--1870) was a Victorian academic and administrator.	Frederick Charles Plumptre	1870
date of death	J. Fred Helf (1870? -- 1915?) was an American composer and sheet music publisher during the early 20th century.	J. Fred Helf	1915
date of death	Owain ap Cadwgan (died 1116) was a prince of Powys in eastern Wales.	Owain ap Cadwgan	1116
date of death	Robert fitz Martin (c. 10?? -- c. 1159) was a Norman knight from the west of England who supported Henry I in his campaigns in Wales.	Robert fitz Martin	1159
date of death	Syed Ijlal Haider Zaidi died on the morning of 23 March 2013 in Lahore after a 2 year battle with cancer.	Ijlal Haider Zaidi	23 March 2013
date of death	John Corrin (10 September 1934 -- 30 November 2005) was a former Minister in the Isle of Man Government and Member of the House of Keys.	John Corrin	2005
date of death	Sir Richard Elyot, SL (died 1522) was an English landowner and judge.	Richard Elyot	1522
date of death	Anton Karas (7 July 1906 -- 10 January 1985) was a Viennese zither player and composer, best known for his internationally famous 1948 soundtrack to Carol Reed's The Third Man, which came about as a result of a chance meeting.	Anton Karas	10 January 1985
date of death	John Murray Bliss (22 February 1771 -- 22 August 1834) was a Canadian jurist, politician and administrator.	John Murray Bliss	22 August 1834
date of death	Erling Persson (21 January 1917 -- 28 October 2002) was the founder of H&M (Hennes&Mauritz).	Erling Persson	28 October 2002
date of death	Patrick Denis O'Donnell (9 January 1922 -- 1 January 2005) was an Irish military historian, writer, former UN peace-keeper, and Commandant of the Irish Defence Forces.	Patrick Denis O'Donnell	1 January 2005
date of death	Heinrich Ritter von Wittek (29 January 1844 -- 9 April 1930) was an Austrian politician and statesman.	Heinrich Ritter von Wittek	9 April 1930
date of death	Cees Heerschop (14 February 1935 -- 24 July 2014) was a Dutch professional footballer who played for PSV as a right back, making 191 appearances for the club in all competitions, between 1956 and 1964.	Cees Heerschop	24 July 2014
date of death	Eleanor Mayo (1920--1981) was an American novelist of the mid twentieth century.	Eleanor Mayo	1981
date of death	Alicia Adélaide Needham (31 October 1863 -- 24 December 1945) was an Irish composer of songs and ballads.	Alicia Adélaide Needham	24 December 1945
date of death	Bill Tarmey (born William Piddington; 4 April 1941 -- 9 November 2012) was an English actor, singer and author, best known for playing Jack Duckworth in the soap opera Coronation Street.	Bill Tarmey	9 November 2012
date of death	John Reily (1763-1850) was a soldier in the American Revolution who later held a number of civic positions including helping draft the Ohio State Constitution.	John Reily	1850
date of death	Alexander Selkirk (1676 -- 13 December 1721), also known as Alexander Selcraig, was a Scottish sailor who spent more than four years as a castaway after being marooned on an uninhabited island in the South Pacific Ocean, also known as the South Sea.	Alexander Selkirk	13 December 1721
date of death	Eberhard Fraas (26 June 1862 -- 6 March 1915) was a German scientist, geologist and paleontologist.	Eberhard Fraas	6 March 1915
date of death	Sámuel Literáti Nemes (1796--1842), Transylvanian-Hungarian antiquarian, co-founder of the National Széchényi Library in Budapest, infamous for many forgeries which even deceived some of the most renowned Hungarian scholars of the time.	Sámuel Literáti Nemes	1842
date of death	Professor John Selwyn Bromley died in Southampton on 17 April 1985, aged 71.	John Selwyn Bromley	17 April 1985
date of death	Gustaf Arokallio (10 June 1854, Sotkamo - 11 December 1939: surname until 1906 Petterson) was a Finnish Lutheran clergyman and politician.	Gustaf Arokallio	11 December 1939
date of death	William Augustine O'Carroll (1831--1885) was an Irish nationalist, radical liberal, journalist and Queensland newspaper editor.	William Augustine O'Carroll	1885
date of death	Harold Arthur Prichard (1871--1947), usually cited as H. A. Pritchard, was an English philosopher.	Harold Arthur Prichard	1947
date of death	Nicholas If-Jesus-Christ-Had-Not-Died-For-Thee-Thou-Hadst-Been-Damned Barebone who traded as Nicholas Barbon (c. 1640 -- c. 1698) was an English economist, physician, and financial speculator.	Nicholas Barbon	1698
date of death	Joe Elvin (real name Joseph Peter Keegan) (29 November 1862 -- 3 March 1935) was a Cockney comedian and music hall entertainer and a Founder of the Grand Order of Water Rats, a show business charity.	Joe Elvin	3 March 1935
date of death	Niccolò Granello, also Nicholas Granello and Granelo Nicolao (1553 - 30 November 1593), was an Italian painter established in Spain, specialized in frescos decorative painting grotesques.	Niccolò Granello	30 November 1593
date of death	Alexander Kardin, (1917--1994) born Alexander Maria Indrak, was a German painter and film artist known for his landscapes.	Alexander Kardin	1994
date of death	Darsie Japp (17 February 1883--1973) was an English painter and soldier.	Darsie Japp	1973
date of death	Carl Kaufmann (25 March 1936 -- 1 September 2008) was a West German sprint runner.	Carl Kaufmann	1 September 2008
date of death	Joe Talirunili (ca. 1893--1976) was an Inuit printmaker and sculptor, who would sometimes draw.	Joe Talirunili	1976
date of death	Henry Ommaney (April 1805 -- 21 May 1829) was an English cricketer who played for Kent.	Henry Ommaney	21 May 1829
date of death	Theodore Lidz (1 April 1910 -- 16 February 2001) was an American psychiatrist best known for his articles and books on the causes of schizophrenia and on psychotherapy with schizophrenic patients.	Theodore Lidz	2001
date of death	Terence Lucy Greenidge (14 January 1902 -- 18 December 1970) was an English author and actor.	Terence Lucy Greenidge	18 December 1970
date of death	James Stuart McKnight (November 15, 1884 -- December 25, 1950) was a National Guard officer who served in World War I, an attorney and a member of the City Council in Los Angeles, California, in 1931 and 1932.	James Stuart McKnight	1950
date of death	Felipe Songsong (1611--1685) was a Philippine Jesuit.	Felipe Songsong	1685
date of death	Marcelle de Lacour (6 November 1896 -- 24 March 1997) was a French harpsichordist and teacher.	Marcelle de Lacour	24 March 1997
date of death	Arthur Kreindler (15 May 1900 -- 28 May 1988) was a Romanian neurologist of Jewish origin, academic, professor of neurology at the Institute of Medicine and Pharmacy in Bucharest and director of the Institute of Neurology Research of the Romanian Academy.	Arthur Kreindler	28 May 1988
date of death	Hamar Alfred Bass (30 July 1842 -- 8 April 1898) was a British brewer, race horse breeder and a Liberal Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1878 to 1898.	Hamar Alfred Bass	8 April 1898
date of death	Arthur W. V. Reeve MBE (Born 1913-date of death unknown - approx. 1994), was an author and scout from New Zealand.	Arthur W. V. Reeve	1994
date of death	John Murray Easton (30 January 1889 - 19 August 1975) was a Scottish architect and the winner of the Royal Gold Medal for architecture awarded by the Royal Institute of British Architects.	John Murray Easton	19 August 1975
date of death	Aziz Dowlatabadi (1922, Tabriz - 30 April 2009, Tabriz) also known by the pen name Darvish was Iranian poet.	Aziz Dowlatabadi	30 April 2009
date of death	Donald MacCrimmon MacKay (9 August 1922 - 6 February 1987) was a British physicist, and Professor at the Department of Communication and Neuroscience at the Keele University in Staffordshire, England, known for his contributions to information theory and the theory of brain organisation.	Donald MacCrimmon MacKay	6 February 1987
date of death	Sinéad de Valera, also known as Sinéad Ní Fhlannagáin and Sinéad Bean de Valera (Irish pronunciation: (ɕɪnʲeːdʲ bʲeːn̪ˠ dʲɛ vʲalʲɛrˠa); 3 June 1878 -- 7 January 1975), was an author and the wife of the Irish republican leader and third President of Ireland, Éamon de Valera.	Sinéad de Valera	7 January 1975
date of death	Evelyn Tooley Hunt (1904--1997), also known as Tao-Li, was a poet who was famous for writing the poem ``Taught Me Purple'' which inspired the novel The Color Purple by Alice Walker.	Evelyn Tooley Hunt	1997
date of death	Maria van Lommen (1688--1742), was a Dutch gold- and silversmith and guildmember.	Maria van Lommen	1742
date of death	Arthur Ernest Bishop AM (1917 -- 2006) was a noted Australian engineer and inventor.	Arthur Ernest Bishop	2006
date of death	Jacobus Pamelius (Jacob van Pamele) (13 May 1536 -- 19 September 1587) was a Flemish theologian.	Jacobus Pamelius	19 September 1587
date of death	Christian Ulrik Hansen (26 May 1921 -- 23 June 1944) was a student of theology and member of the Danish resistance executed by the German occupying power.	Christian Ulrik Hansen	23 June 1944
date of death	Leo Holub (25 November 1916 -- 27 April 2010) was an American photographer famous for his landscapes and architectural images of San Francisco, and photographs of Yosemite.	Leo Holub	27 April 2010
date of death	Guy David (25 July 1947 -- 30 August 2008) was a French footballer and coach.	Guy David	30 August 2008
date of death	Phyllis Matthewman (1896--1979), British writer of children's books, mostly boarding school stories.	Phyllis Matthewman	1979
date of death	Carl Frederik Tietgen (19 March 1829 -- 19 October 1901) was a Danish financier and industrialist.	Carl Frederik Tietgen	19 October 1901
date of death	Aquino de Bragança died on 19 October 1986 in a much-publicized plane crash in the Lebombo Mountains, near the border between Mozambique and South Africa.	Aquino de Bragança	19 October 1986
date of death	Sir Richard Arches (died 1417), of Eythrope, in the parish of Waddesdon, Buckinghamshire, was MP for Buckinghamshire in 1402.	Richard Arches	1417
date of death	Lieutenant-Colonel George Rodney, 2nd Baron Rodney (25 December 1753 -- 2 January 1802), was a British soldier and politician.	George Rodney, 2nd Baron Rodney	2 January 1802
date of death	Chen Wen-chen (Chinese: 陳文成; pinyin: Chén Wénchéng, sometimes romanized as Chen Wen-cheng) was an assistant professor of mathematics (specializing in probability and statistics) at Carnegie Mellon University who died on 3 July 1981 (aged 31) under mysterious circumstances.	Chen Wen-chen	3 July 1981
date of death	Francis Close (11 July 1797 -- 18 December 1882) was the Anglican rector of Cheltenham (1826--1856) and Dean of Carlisle (1856--1881).	Francis Close	18 December 1882
date of death	Gene Gerrard (31 August 1892 -- 1 June 1971) was an English film and stage actor, and occasional film director.	Gene Gerrard	1 June 1971
date of death	Lupus Servatus, also Servatus Lupus (c. 805 -- c. 862), in French Loup, was a Benedictine monk and Abbot of Ferrières Abbey during the Carolingian dynasty, who was also a member of Charles the Bald's court and a noted theological author of the 9th century.	Lupus Servatus	862
date of death	Steve Condos (October 12, 1918 -- September 16, 1990) was an American tap dancer.	Steve Condos	1990
date of death	Mammy Lou (born c. 1804 - died after 1918) claimed an age which would have made her one of the earliest-born people to appear in a motion picture.	Mammy Lou	1918
date of death	Sir William Dunch (1578--1611) was an English politician during the reign of King James I. Dunch represented Wallingford in Berkshire (now Oxfordshire) as an MP in 1603.	Sir William Dunch	1611
date of death	James Smith Turner (1832--1904) was a Scottish dentist, known for his role in dental surgery regulation.	James Smith Turner	1904
date of death	Dušan Mugoša (Serbian Cyrillic: Душан Мугоша fl. 7 January 1914 -- 8 August 1973), nicknamed Duć (Дућ), was a Yugoslav Partisan.	Dušan Mugoša	8 August 1973
date of death	Carlile Pollock Patterson (August 24, 1816--August 15, 1881) was the fourth superintendent of the United States Coast Survey.	Carlile Pollock Patterson	1881
date of death	Sam Hignett (1885 - ca. 1933) was an English footballer who played for Liverpool between 1906 and 1908.	Sam Hignett	1933
date of death	Gabriel Ruotsalainen (13 March 1893 -- 1 January 1984) was a Finnish long-distance runner.	Gabriel Ruotsalainen	1 January 1984
date of death	Charles Fotherby (ca. 1549 -- 1619) was a Church of England clergyman who became Dean of Canterbury Cathedral (1615--1619).	Charles Fotherby	1619
date of death	Alessio Spani or Lekë Shpani (1442-1495) was an Albanian nobleman.	Alessio Span	1495
date of death	Walter Robert McAlister (Ontario, 13 August 1931 -- Rio de Janeiro, 13 November 1993) was a Canadian Pentecostal minister who founded the New life Christian church (Portuguese: Igreja Cristã de Nova Vida) in Brazil.	Walter Robert McAlister	13 November 1993
date of death	Marie Angélique de Scorailles (July 1661 -- 28 June 1681) was a French noblewoman and one of the many mistresses of Louis XIV.	Marie Angélique de Scorailles	28 June 1681
date of death	Lajos Hencsey (Szentpéterúr 1814 - Zürich 1844) was a Hungarian locksmith or blacksmith who became leader of Samuel Heinrich Fröhlich's Nazarener Church in Transylvania which continues in Romania with around 1,000 members.	Lajos Hencsey	1844
date of death	Sir John Carew, 3rd Baronet (6 November 1635 -- 1 August 1692) of Antony, Cornwall, was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1660 and 1692.	Sir John Carew, 3rd Baronet	1 August 1692
date of death	Lyubomir Miletich (Bulgarian: Любомир Милетич) (14 January 1863 -- 1 June 1937) was a leading Bulgarian linguist, ethnographer, dialectologist and historian, as well as the chairman of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences from 1926 to his death.	Lyubomir Miletich	1 June 1937
date of death	Isaac Johannes Lamotius (bapt. 29 May 1646 in Beverwijk - 1718) or (1653--1710) was governor of Mauritius from 1677 to 1692.	Isaac Johannes Lamotius	1718
date of death	David Cowan Dobson (1894--1980), referred to as 'Cowan' Dobson ARBA (1919), RBA (1922), was a leading Scottish portrait artist.	Cowan Dobson	1980
date of death	Elizabeth Hoffman Honness McKaughan (June 29, 1904 -- 2003), better known as Elizabeth Honness, was an American author, poet, and writer.	Elizabeth Hoffman Honness	2003
date of death	Friedrich Sigmund Merkel (5 April 1845 -- 28 May 1919) was a leading German anatomist and histopathologist of the late 19th century.	Friedrich Sigmund Merkel	28 May 1919
date of death	Ray Gilbert (5 September 1912, Hartford, Connecticut -- 3 March 1976, Los Angeles, California) was an American lyricist.	Ray Gilbert	3 March 1976
date of death	Constanza Hool (6 December 1925 -- 20 July 2008) was a dancer, actress and choreographer.	Constanza Hool	20 July 2008
date of death	David Sanjek (3 September 1952 - 29 November 2011) was a Professor of Popular Music and Director of the University of Salford Music Research Centre in Salford, Greater Manchester, England.	David Sanjek	29 November 2011
date of death	Otto Christian Blandow (5 August 1778, Waren -- 15 March 1810, Waren) was a German apothecary and botanist, specializing in the field of bryology.	Otto Christian Blandow	15 March 1810
date of death	Gary Wiggins (20 November 1952 -- 25 January 2008) was an Australian professional cyclist, who specialised in six-day racing.	Gary Wiggins	25 January 2008
date of death	Ivor Warne-Smith (29 October 1897 -- 4 March 1960), was an Australian footballer, who played for the Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League and for the Latrobe Football Club in the North-Western Football Union in Tasmania.	Ivor Warne-Smith	4 March 1960
date of death	Duncan McLaren (12 January 1800 -- 26 April 1886) was a Scottish Liberal Party politician and political writer.	Duncan McLaren	26 April 1886
date of death	Air Commodore Iswahyudi (15 July 1918 -- 14 December 1947) was an Indonesian airman and National Hero.	Iswahyudi	14 December 1947
date of death	Heinrich Hetsch (born 2 July 1873 in Mainz, died 3 December 1947 in Bad Homburg) was a German physician and microbiologist.	Heinrich Hetsch	3 December 1947
date of death	Radoslav Hlapen (Serbian: Радослав Хлапен; fl. 1350--1383) was a Serbian magnate who served Serbian Emperor Stefan Dušan (r. 1331-1355) and Stefan Uroš V (r. 1355--71) as vojvoda (military commander).	Radoslav Hlapen	1383
date of death	Paul Feasey (4 May 1933 -- January 2012) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre half.	Paul Feasey	January 2012
date of death	Sidney Oldall Addy (9 January 1848 -- 15 November 1933) was an English author of books on folklore and history.	Sidney Oldall Addy	15 November 1933
date of death	Rhys Gethin (died in 1405) was a key figure in the revolt of Owain Glyndŵr.	Rhys Gethin	1405
date of death	Miklós Hasznos (27 May 1931 -- 23 June 2014) was a Hungarian politician, Member of Parliament (MP) between 1990 and 1998.	Miklós Hasznos	23 June 2014
date of death	Heinrich Klebahn (20 February 1859, Bremen -- 5 October 1942, Hamburg) was a German mycologist and phytopathologist.	Heinrich Klebahn	5 October 1942
date of death	Scipio Kennedy (c. 1694--1774) was a slave taken as a child from Guinea in West Africa.	Scipio Kennedy	1774
date of death	Kid Norfolk (10 July 1893 -- 15 April 1968) was an African American boxer who fought as a light heavyweight and heavyweight from 1910 through 1926.	Kid Norfolk	15 April 1968
date of death	Walter Prideaux (1806-1889) was a poet and lawyer.	Walter Prideaux	1889
date of death	Nicholas Conaty (1820--1886) was an Irish Roman Catholic bishop for the Diocese of Kilmore.	Nicholas Conaty	1886
date of death	Marcello Lante della Rovere (1561 -- 19 April 1652) was an Italian people Catholic Cardinal appointed Dean and Camerlengo of the College of Cardinals.	Marcello Lante della Rovere	19 April 1652
date of death	John Henry Bufford (1810-1870) was a lithographer in 19th-century Boston, Massachusetts.	John Henry Bufford	1870
date of death	Gour Govinda Swami (2 September 1929 -- 9 February 1996) was a Vaishnava religious leader.	Gour Govinda Swami	9 February 1996
date of death	Helena Rutherfurd Ely (born Helena Rutherfurd: 28 September 1858 -- 18 May 1920) was an American author, amateur gardener and founding member of the Garden Club of America whose three books influenced American and British gardeners to avoid Victorian formal gardens in favor of plantings that embodied an ``informal and sensual style.''	Helena Rutherfurd Ely	18 May 1920
date of death	Alois Heldmann died on 1 November 1983 in his native Grevenbruck.	Alois Heldmann	1 November 1983
date of death	Josef Václav Myslbek (20 June 1848 -- 2 June 1922) was a Czech sculptor and medalist credited with founding the modern Czech sculpting style.	Josef Václav Myslbek	2 June 1922
date of death	Cledwyn Hughes, Baron Cledwyn of Penrhos CH PC (14 September 1916 -- 22 February 2001) was a moderate Welsh Labour politician.	Cledwyn Hughes, Baron Cledwyn of Penrhos	22 February 2001
date of death	François Sterchele (14 March 1982 -- 8 May 2008) was a Belgian footballer who played for Germinal Beerschot and Club Brugge.	François Sterchele	8 May 2008
date of death	Pedro Otto Bumbel (6 July 1914 -- 2 August 1998) was a Brazilian professional football manager who coached a number of Spanish club sides, including Sabadell, Valencia, Racing de Santander, Elche, Sevilla, Atlético Madrid and Málaga.	Otto Bumbel	2 August 1998
date of death	Martha E. Bernal was a clinical psychologist who was born on April 13, 1931, in San Antonio, Texas, and she died of cancer at the age of 70 in 2001.	Martha E. Bernal	2001
date of death	Alonso de Fonseca y Acevedo (died 1512) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Archbishop of Santiago de Compostela (1460-1565 and 1469-1507), and Archbishop of Seville (1465-1469).	Alonso de Fonseca y Acevedo	1512
date of death	Sallam ibn Mishkam (died 628) was a Jewish warrior, rabbi and poet who lived in Medina, Arabia, in the early seventh century.	Sallam ibn Mishkam	628
date of death	Pallathadka Keshava Bhat (3 January 1940 - 25 July 2010) (also known as Dr. P. Keshava Bhat) was a retired professor, prominent ethnobotanist, botanist, naturalist, proponent of herbalism, scientist and a well known personality in Venezuela.	Pallathadka Keshava Bhat	25 July 2010
date of death	John Bromfield, Jr. (11 April 1779 -- 9 December 1849) was a Boston merchant and benefactor of the Boston Athenæum.	John Bromfield, Jr.	9 December 1849
date of death	Elton Hayes (16 February 1915 -- 23 September 2001) was a British actor and guitarist.	Elton Hayes	23 September 2001
date of death	John Wheeley Gough Gutch (1809--1862) was a British surgeon and editor.	John Wheeley Gough Gutch	1862
date of death	Gunnar Gunnarson (1918 -- 2002) was a Swedish socialist, marxist historian, writer and publicist.	Gunnar Gunnarson	2002
date of death	Sir Leonard Chamberlain or Chamberlayne (died 1561) was an English soldier and politician, the Governor of Guernsey from 1553.	Sir Leonard Chamberlain	1561
date of death	Nihâl Chand (1710--1782) was an Indian artist who produced some of the best known examples of Rajput painting.	Nihâl Chand	1782
date of death	François Peccatte (born Mirecourt, 10 March 1821; died Paris, 30 October 1855) was a very talented archetier.	François Peccatte	1855
date of death	The Blessed Margareta Ebner, O.P., (1291 -- 20 June 1351) was a German nun who is considered part of the tradition of German mysticism and a visionary.	Margareta Ebner	1351
date of death	Armen Dorian (Armenian: Արմէն Տօրեան; 28 January 1892 -- 1915) was a renowned Armenian poet, teacher, and editor who lived in the Ottoman Empire.	Armen Dorian	1915
date of death	Beatrice Kean Seymour (1 September 1886 -- 31 October 1955) was a prolific British novelist and short story writer.	Beatrice Kean Seymour	31 October 1955
date of death	Richard Woodville, 3rd Earl Rivers (1453 -- 6 March 1491) succeeded his brother, Anthony Woodville, as the third Earl Rivers.	Richard Woodville, 3rd Earl Rivers	6 March 1491
date of death	Dwight Shepler (1905-1974) was an American naval officer and painter.	Dwight Shepler	1974
date of death	Nathan Porges (21 December 1848 -- 27 August 1924) was a Bohemian German rabbi.	Nathan Porges	27 August 1924
date of death	Ture Cailo (died 23 October 2009) was a Vanuatuan politician and member of Parliament.	Ture Cailo	23 October 2009
date of death	Fritz Koselka (24 July 1905 Graz in Austria Hungary - 1978) was an Austrian screenwriter and writer.	Fritz Koselka	1978
date of death	Heinrich Bach (26 September (O.S. 16 September) 1615 -- 20 July (O.S. 10 July) 1692) was a German organist, composer and a member of the Bach family.	Heinrich Bach	10 July) 1692
date of death	Joseph Romilly (1791--1864) was an English academic administrator, known as a diarist.	Joseph Romilly	1864
date of death	John I, Count of Foix also known as Jean de Foix-Grailly (1382 -- 4 May 1436) was Count of Foix from 1428 until his death in 1436.	John I, Count of Foix	4 May 1436
date of death	June Morrall (1947-2010) was a writer and San Mateo County (northern California) historian.	June Morrall	2010
date of death	Henry Holbeach (c. 1477 -- 2 August 1551) was an English clergyman who served as the last Prior and first Dean of Worcester, a suffragan bishop, and diocesan bishop of two Church of England dioceses.	Henry Holbeach	2 August 1551
date of death	Vardan Areveltsi (Armenian: Վարդան Արևելցի; Vardan the Easterner, circa 1198 -- 1271 AD) was a thirteenth-century Armenian historian, geographer, philosopher and translator.	Vardan Areveltsi	1271
date of death	Emil Riebeck (11 June 1853 -- 22 June 1885) was a German explorer, mineralogist, ethnologist, and naturalist.	Emil Riebeck	22 June 1885
date of death	John Bysse (c.1602--1680) was a member of the Parliament of Ireland during the 1630s and 1640s: he was excluded from office during the Interregnum and was one of the leading Irish judges after the restoration of the monarchy.	John Bysse	1680
date of death	Sixten Larsson (31 July 1918 -- 3 February 1995) was a Swedish athlete who competed mainly in the 400 m hurdles.	Sixten Larsson	3 February 1995
date of death	T. S. Murugesan Pillai (1870-1930) was a Telugu writer, poet and translator who is known for translating Tamil classical works into Telugu.	T. S. Murugesan Pillai	1930
date of death	Torrington Blatchford (1871--1938) was an Australian geologist and was Government Geologist in Western Australia from 1929 until 1934.	Torrington Blatchford	1938
date of death	Augustus Dayton Clark (died 1990), a 1922 graduate of the United States Naval Academy and a United States Naval captain, was Commanding Officer of Force Mulberry A (a Mulberry harbour) at Omaha Beach during the Invasion of Normandy on June 6, 1944.	Augustus Dayton Clark	1990
date of death	Léonin (also Leoninus, Leonius, Leo) (fl. 1150s -- d. ? 1201) was the first known significant composer of polyphonic organum.	Léonin	1201
date of death	Margo Oliver (1923 -- 4 June 2010) was a Canadian writer on cooking.	Margo Oliver	4 June 2010
date of death	Seán Mac Giollarnáth, Irish folklorist, 1880-29 January 1970.	Seán Mac Giollarnáth	29 January 1970
date of death	Shamoke (died 222) was the king of the tribal people of the five valleys in Wuling during the late Eastern Han Dynasty and Three Kingdoms period of Chinese history.	Shamoke	222
date of death	John Allan Broun FRS (21 September 1817 -- 22 November 1879) was a Scottish scientist with interests in magnetism, particularly of the earth, and meteorology.	John Allan Broun	22 November 1879
date of death	Hedvig Elisabet Strömfelt, née Wrangel (1687-8 March 1751), was a Swedish courtier.	Hedvig Elisabet Strömfelt	1751
date of death	Charles Pierre Melly (born Tuebrook, Liverpool, England; 25 May 1829 -- 1888) was a philanthropist mostly known today for his drinking fountains, which he created to make drinking water available to the public.	Charles Pierre Melly	1888
date of death	Illa Martin (born Sybilla Kesselburg; 25 February 1900 -- 6 August 1988) was a German dendrologist, botanist, conservationist and dentist.	Illa Martin	6 August 1988
date of death	Vũ Giáng Hương (Hanoi, 23 January 1930 -- 20 August 2011) was a Vietnamese woman painter.	Vũ Giáng Hương	20 August 2011
date of death	David Shiffman (Hebrew: דוד שיפמן‎; 14 April 1923 -- 18 October 1982) was an Israeli politician who served as Deputy Minister of Transport and as a member of the Knesset between 1981 and his death in 1982.	David Shiffman	18 October 1982
date of death	James Gillespie Graham (1776--1855) was a Scottish architect, prominent in the early 19th century.	James Gillespie Graham	1855
date of death	William Nicholas Willis (3 August 1858 -- 3 April 1922) was an Australian politician and newspaper proprietor.	William Nicholas Willis	3 April 1922
date of death	Alexander Kolb (12. May 1891 -- 4 April 1963) was a German Generalleutnant during World War II.	Alexander Kolb	4 April 1963
date of death	Major Davis (27 March 1882 -- 27 April 1959) was an English cricketer who played one first-class match, for Worcestershire against Oxford University in 1911.	Major Davis	27 April 1959
date of death	John Quinton Pringle (13 December 1864 -- 25 April 1925) (Age 60) was a Scottish painter, influenced by Jules Bastien-Lepage and associated with the Glasgow Boys .	John Quinton Pringle	1925
date of death	Martin Baum (15 June 1765 in Hagerstown, Maryland -- 14 December 1831 in Cincinnati, Ohio ) was an American businessman and politician.	Martin Baum	14 December 1831
date of death	Richard Estcourt (1668--1712) was an English actor, who began by playing comedy parts in Dublin.	Richard Estcourt	1712
date of death	Tadjou Salou (24 December 1974 -- 2 April 2007) was a Togolese football player who captained the national side.	Tadjou Salou	2 April 2007
date of death	Owen Oglethorpe (died 1559) was an English academic and Roman Catholic Bishop of Carlisle, 1557--1559.	Owen Oglethorpe	1559
date of death	Jean Dorey, (27 January 1831 of Ville-ès-Nouaux in Saint-Hélier-23 August 1872), was a Norman language writer from Jersey.	Jean Dorey	1872
date of death	Raymund Schwager (11 November 1935 -- 27 February 2004) was a Swiss Roman Catholic priest and theologian.	Raymund Schwager	27 February 2004
date of death	Charles James Patrick Mahon, known as the O'Gorman Mahon or James Patrick Mahon (17 March 1800 -- 15 June 1891) was an Irish nationalist journalist, barrister, parliamentarian and international mercenary.	James Patrick Mahon	15 June 1891
date of death	Alexander Handyside Ritchie (15 April 1804 -- 24 April 1870) was a Scottish sculptor born in Musselburgh in 1804, the son of James Ritchie, a local brickmaker and ornamental plasterer, and his wife Euphemia.	Alexander Handyside Ritchie	24 April 1870
date of death	David Tebele Scheuer (1712--1782) was a German rabbi.	David Tebele Scheuer	1782
date of death	Hellmut Lange (19 January 1923 -- 13 January 2011) was an actor and journalist who became famous as action hero on TV and eventually succeeded as presenter of his popular TV show ``Kennen Sie Kino?'' (``Are you a cinema connoisseur?'')	Hellmut Lange	13 January 2011
date of death	Vehib Pasha also known as Wehib Pasha, Vehip Pasha, Mehmed Wehib Pasha, Mehmet Vehip Pasha (modern Turkish: Kaçı Vehip Paşa or Mehmet Vehip (Kaçı), 1877--1940), was a general in the Ottoman Army.	Wehib Pasha	1940
date of death	John Welcome (before 1523--1580), of the High Street, Lincoln, was an English politician.	John Welcome	1580
date of death	Jack Sher (16 March 1913 - 23 August 1988) was an American director, writer and producer.	Jack Sher	23 August 1988
date of death	Alojzy Wir-Konas (Maków Podhalański, 1894 -- 1940) was a Polish military commander and the Colonel in the Polish Army.	Alojzy Wir-Konas	1940
date of death	George Guest CBE FRCO (February 9, 1924 - November 20, 2002) was a Welsh organist and choral conductor.	George Guest	2002
date of death	Robert Tanner Freeman (1846--1873) was the first African-American to graduate from the Harvard School of Dental Medicine and may have been the first African-American awarded a dental degree in the United States.	Robert Tanner Freeman	1873
date of death	Ambrose Dyson (1876 -- 3 June 1913), often known as Amb Dyson was an Australian illustrator and political cartoonist, born at Alfredton, near Ballarat, Victoria, Australia, the son of George Dyson, then a hawker and later a mining engineer, and his wife Jane, née Mayall.	Ambrose Dyson	3 June 1913
date of death	William Marshall Inge (1802-1846) was an American politician that represented Tennessee's tenth district in the United States House of Representatives.	William Marshall Inge	1846
date of death	Solomon Hardy (18 May 1863 -- 5 July 1931) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Derbyshire in 1898.	Solomon Hardy	5 July 1931
date of death	Arthur Cheetham (1864 -- 15 January 1937) was an English-born Welsh filmmaker, who became the first of his profession to be based in Wales.	Arthur Cheetham	15 January 1937
date of death	Giulio Cybo (or Cibo) (died 18 May 1548) was an Italian noble from Genoa.	Giulio Cybo	18 May 1548
date of death	Jean-Claude Bajeux (17 September 1931 -- 5 August 2011) was a Haitian political activist and professor of Caribbean literature.	Jean-Claude Bajeux	5 August 2011
date of death	Brigid Lyons Thornton (1896 -- 15 November 1987) was a member of Cumann na mBan, an officer in the Irish Free State Army and a physician.	Brigid Lyons Thornton	1987
date of death	Zhang Guoliang (traditional Chinese: 張國樑; simplified Chinese: 张国梁; pinyin: Zhāng Guóliáng; 1810 - April 1860), born in Guangdong, was a Field Marshal for the Qing dynasty.	Zhang Guoliang	April 1860
date of death	Andrzej Ciołkosz (1929--1952), nom de plume Joseph Marek, was a young Polish language writer, literary critic and translator.	Andrzej Ciołkosz	1952
date of death	Andrew Bisset (20 January 1953 -- 14 April 2005) was an Australian author, music educator and singer, based in Canberra.	Andrew Bisset	14 April 2005
date of death	Bantwal Vaikunta Baliga (1895--1968) was a lawyer who played an active role in Indian governance and politics.	Bantwal Vaikunta Baliga	1968
date of death	Leo Kelly died on 22 August 2007 after a long illness.	Leo Kelly	22 August 2007
date of death	Edgar Dunbar (12 April 1902 -- 5 July 1985) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Edgar Dunbar	5 July 1985
date of death	Frederick William Haddon (8 February 1839 -- 7 March 1906), was an Australian journalist and newspaper editor.	Frederick William Haddon	7 March 1906
date of death	John Strettell of London, England, was one of the most important merchants providing trade goods to the Canadian fur trade in the period between the Conquest of Canada and his death in 1786.	John Strettell	1786
date of death	Jean Simeon Rousseau de la Rottière (1747--1820) was a French decorative painter.	Jean Simeon Rousseau de la Rottière	1820
date of death	Clyde Troutt (August 23, 1901 - October, 1979) was an American trainer of Thoroughbred racehorses.	Clyde Troutt	1979
date of death	R. Gundu Rao (8 April 1937--22 August 1993) was the Chief Minister of Karnataka state from 1980 to 1983.	R. Gundu Rao	22 August 1993
date of death	Barry Fitzgerald (10 March 1888 -- 14 January 1961) was an Irish stage, film and television actor.	Barry Fitzgerald	14 January 1961
date of death	Mireya Véliz (1915 - 5 September 2013) was a Chilean actress with a career of more than 50 years, retiring at the age of 96.	Mireya Véliz	5 September 2013
date of death	Samuel Moss (13 Dec. 1858 -- 14 May 1918), was a Welsh Liberal politician and Judge.	Samuel Moss	14 May 1918
date of death	Gongsun Zan (died 199), courtesy name Bogui, was a warlord who lived in the late Eastern Han Dynasty.	Gongsun Zan	199
date of death	Anne Macaulay (11 March 1924 -- 1998) was a British musicologist, author and lecturer.	Anne Macaulay	1998
date of death	William Neville, 1st Earl of Kent KG (c. 1405 -- 9 January 1463) and jure uxoris 6th Baron Fauconberg, was an English nobleman and soldier.	William Neville, 1st Earl of Kent	9 January 1463
date of death	Laura de Noves (1310--1348) was the wife of Count Hugues de Sade (ancestor of Marquis de Sade).	Laura de Noves	1348
date of death	Clive Exton (11 April 1930 -- 16 August 2007) was a British television and film screenwriter, sometime playwright, and former actor.	Clive Exton	16 August 2007
date of death	Stephen Bamford (December 1770 -- 14 August 1848) was a minister and Canadian soldier.	Stephen Bamford	14 August 1848
date of death	Rodolfo Pio da Carpi (22 February 1500 -- 2 May 1564) was an Italian Cardinal, humanist and patron of the arts.	Rodolfo Pio da Carpi	2 May 1564
date of death	Roger Sablonier (16 April 1943 -- 8 June 2010) was a Swiss historian and writer of non-fiction publications, and Emeritus (Prof. Dr.) of the faculty of the University of Zürich.	Roger Sablonier	8 June 2010
date of death	Maria Quisling, born Maria Vasilyevna Pasek/Pasetchnikova, (10 October 1900 -- 17 January 1980), was known as the wife of Vidkun Quisling, though historians have doubts about whether the couple were legally married.	Maria Quisling	17 January 1980
date of death	Frank John Powell (15 March 1891 -- 31 October 1971), was a British Liberal Party politician and magistrate.	Frank John Powell	31 October 1971
date of death	Charles Henry McKiernan (1825--1892), known popularly as ``Mountain Charley,'' was one of the first European settlers in the Santa Cruz Mountains region of California.	Charles Henry McKiernan	1892
date of death	Martin Charles Reddington (15 November 1919 -- 1 March 2015), better known as Tony Reddin, was an Irish hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Galway and Tipperary senior teams.	Tony Reddin	1 March 2015
date of death	Ludwik Skumin Tyszkiewicz (born 1748 in Wilno -- 26 June 1808) was a Polish--	Ludwik Skumin Tyszkiewicz	26 June 1808
date of death	Peter Deriabin (1921-1992) (Петр Дерябин) was a Russian Communist Party member, World War II veteran, SMERSH agent, and KGB agent who later defected to the United States.	Peter Deriabin	1992
date of death	William Maccall (1812--1888) was a Scottish author and Unitarian minister.	William Maccall	1888
date of death	Henry Herbert, 4th Baron Herbert of Chirbury (died 1691) was an English aristocrat, soldier and politician.	Henry Herbert, 4th Baron Herbert of Chirbury	1691
date of death	Charles Bucke (16 April 1781 -- 31 July 1846) was an English writer who, despite being poor most of his life, still managed to produce roughly eleven different works, each varying in number of volumes and topics.	Charles Bucke	31 July 1846
date of death	Mehrdad Avesta (Persian: مهرداد اوستا‎; 8 August 1930 -- 6 May 1991) was an Iranian contemporary poet.	Mehrdad Avesta	6 May 1991
date of death	Marsinah (10 April 1969 -- 8 May 1993) was a worker activist at an Indonesian company, PT Catur Putra Surya in Porong, Sidoarjo, East Java province, whose rape and murder drew international attention to the practices of the Suharto dictatorship and the suppression of workers.	Marsinah	May 1993
date of death	Ambrogio Preda (Milan, December 25, 1839 - Davesco Soragno, Lugano, June 5, 1906) was an Italian painter, mainly of landscapes of the alpine mountains and valleys.	Ambrogio Preda	1906
date of death	Lu Rong (Chinese: 陆容; pinyin: Lù Róng; 1436--1494) was a Chinese scholar.	Lu Rong	1494
date of death	Sylvia Hahn (2 May 1911 -- 2 January 2001) was a Canadian artist and head of the art department at the Royal Ontario Museum.	Sylvia Hahn	2 January 2001
date of death	Abby Whiteside (1881--1956) was an influential American piano teacher.	Abby Whiteside	1956
date of death	Dr Charles Alexander MacMunn (11 April 1852 - 18 February 1911) was the first to describe the respiratory pigment in blood, known today as Cytochrome1.	Charles Alexander MacMunn	18 February 1911
date of death	Joseph Irving (1830--1891) was a Scottish journalist, historian and annalist.	Joseph Irving	1891
date of death	Melattur Venkatarama Sastry (1770-1830) was a Telugu poet and playwright who is credited with founding the Bhagavatha Melas.	Melattur Venkatarama Sastry	1830
date of death	Jenő Kalmár (21 March 1908 - 13 January 1990), also referred to as János Kalmar or Kálmár Jenő, is a former Hungarian footballer and coach.	Jenő Kalmár	13 January 1990
date of death	Iris du Pré (6 June 1914 -- 27 September 1985) was an English pianist, composer, conductor and educator.	Iris du Pré	27 September 1985
date of death	David Marshall Lang (6 May 1924 -- 20 March 1991), was a Professor of Caucasian Studies, School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London.	David Marshall Lang	20 March 1991
date of death	Saint Alexander of Comana (died c. 251), known as ``the charcoal burner'', was Bishop of Comana in Pontus.	Alexander of Comana	251
date of death	Biman Mukhopadhyay (September 1930 -- 16 March 2011) was a famous Bengali singer and trainer.	Biman Mukhopadhyay	16 March 2011
date of death	Kevin Danaher (Irish, Caoimhín Ó Danachair) (30 January 1913 -- 14 March 2002) was a prominent Irish folklorist with a special interest in ethnography and military history.	Kevin Danaher	14 March 2002
date of death	Samuel Bellin (13 May 1799 - 29 April 1893) was an English printmaker and engraver.	Samuel Bellin	29 April 1893
date of death	William Timothy Cape (25 October 1806 -- 4 June 1863) was an early school master in Sydney, Australia; several of the Premiers of New South Wales attended his school.	William Timothy Cape	4 June 1863
date of death	Francis Meres (1565/6 -- 29 January 1647) was an English churchman and author.	Francis Meres	29 January 1647
date of death	Donald Powell Distinguished Service Order (1896--1942) was an officer in the British Indian Army during World War I and World War II	Donald Powell	1942
date of death	Eugène Boullet (1 July 1847, in Acheux -- 1923) full name Eugène Anatole Auguste Victor Boullet was a French naturalist, entomologist and collector.	Eugène Boullet	1923
date of death	Solène Coulot (21 March 1989 -- 20 February 2010) was a French curler.	Solène Coulot	20 February 2010
date of death	Shi Kefa (4 February 1601 -- 20 May 1645), courtesy names Xianzhi and Daolin, was a government official and calligrapher who lived in the late Ming dynasty.	Shi Kefa	1645
date of death	Azmi Nassar (Arabic: عزمي نصار‎, Hebrew: עזמי נסאר‎; 3 October 1957 -- 26 March 2007) was an Arab-Israeli football manager and served as manager of the Palestinian national football team.	Azmi Nassar	26 March 2007
date of death	Myrtle Devenish (1913 -- 21 January 2007) was a film actor.	Myrtle Devenish	21 January 2007
date of death	General Charles Cadogan, 2nd Baron Cadogan (1685 -- 24 September 1776) was a British peer, soldier and Whig politician.	Charles Cadogan, 2nd Baron Cadogan	24 September 1776
date of death	Boccaccio Boccaccino (c. 1467 -- c. 1525) was a painter of the early Italian Renaissance, belonging to the Emilian school.	Boccaccio Boccaccino	1525
date of death	Lupau Ratna Tuladhar (Devanagari: लुपौ रत्न तुलाधर) (22 June 1918 -- 2 June 1993) was a Nepalese trader and transport pioneer.	Lupau Ratna Tuladhar	2 June 1993
date of death	Anjali Devi ( pronunciation ; 24 August 1927 -- 13 January 2014) was an Indian actress, former model and producer in Telugu and Tamil.	Anjali Devi	13 January 2014
date of death	Charles Barter (died 1859) was a British gardener and botanist who trained at Kew Gardens in London from 1849 to 1851.	Charles Barter	1859
date of death	William W. Lockwood (William Wirt or Bill) (1906-1978) was a noted academic who was Research Secretary (1935-1940) and Executive Secretary (1941-1943) at the Institute of Pacific Relations.	William W. Lockwood	1978
date of death	Alexandro Alves do Nascimento (30 December 1974 -- 14 November 2012) was a Brazilian footballer who has played for Kavala in Greece.	Alexandro Alves do Nascimento	14 November 2012
date of death	Sir (John) Henry Morris-Jones MC, DL (2 November 1884 -- 9 July 1972) was a Welsh doctor, soldier and Liberal, later Liberal National politician.	Henry Morris-Jones	9 July 1972
date of death	Joseph Barney (Wolverhampton 1753 -- 13 April 1832 London), was an English artist and engraver.	Joseph Barney	13 April 1832
date of death	William of St Paul, also William de Paul (died 1349) was an English Carmelite, bishop of Meath in Ireland from 1327.	William of St Paul	1349
date of death	Henry Clifford, 10th Baron de Clifford, also 10th feudal baron of Skipton (ca. 1454 -- 23 April 1523) was a member of the Clifford family which was seared at Skipton Castle from 1310 to 1676.	Henry Clifford, 10th Baron de Clifford	23 April 1523
date of death	Lieutenant-General Henry Wilmot, 1st Earl of Rochester (26 October 1612 -- 19 February 1658), known as The Lord Wilmot between 1643 and 1644 and as The Viscount Wilmot between 1644 and 1652, was an English Cavalier who fought for the Royalist cause during the Wars of the Three Kingdoms.	Henry Wilmot, 1st Earl of Rochester	19 February 1658
date of death	Saridey Varalakshmi (13 August 1925 -- 22 September 2009), popularly known as S. Varalakshmi, was a veteran Telugu and Tamil actress and singer.	S. Varalakshmi	22 September 2009
date of death	Loreta Janeta Velázquez is said to have died in 1897, but historian Richard Hall asserts that the place and date of her death are unknown.	Loreta Janeta Velázquez	1897
date of death	Andrew of Carniola (1399 -- November 13, 1484) was a Roman Catholic archbishop from Carniola, in present-day Slovenia.	Andrew of Carniola	1484
date of death	Jan Kalenec (1490--1546) was a Prague cutler who took up the leadership of the Amosites, a radical branch of the Czech Brethren after the death of their elderly figurehead Amos.	Jan Kalenec	1546
date of death	Mushail Mushailov (Russian: Мушаилов Мушаил Ханухович; Hebrew: ;מושאיל מושאילוב‎ born July 10, 1941 -- January 4, 2007) was a Soviet /Russian artist and teacher of Mountain Jewish descent.He was a member of the USSR Union of Artists and Israel.	Mushail Mushailov	2007
date of death	Norah Isaac (1915 -- 3 August 2003) was a Welsh author, drama producer and campaigner for Welsh-language education.	Norah Isaac	3 August 2003
date of death	Gaston Hamelin (27 May 1884 -- 8 September 1951) was a French clarinetist and teacher.	Gaston Hamelin	8 September 1951
date of death	Major-General Harold Percy Waller Barrow, CB CMG DSO OBE (30 June 1876 -- 20 December 1957) was Colonel Commandant, Royal Army Medical Corps (1941--46) and an Honorary Surgeon to King George V.	Harold Percy Waller Barrow	20 December 1957
date of death	Emil Grallert (1848 - 1923) was German Consul in Zanzibar from 1877 to 1884.	Emil Grallert	1923
date of death	Jack Tripp MBE (4 February 1922 -- 10 July 2005) was an English comic actor, singer and dancer who appeared in seaside variety shows and revues and became best known for his many performances as a pantomime dame.	Jack Tripp	10 July 2005
date of death	Harry Pelling Gill (9 March 1855 -- 25 May 1916) was an English-born Australian art curator, teacher and painter.	Harry Pelling Gill	25 May 1916
date of death	Dr. Ho Sai-chuen (circa 1891 -- 29 April 1938) was a Hong Kong doctor from the influential Hotung family and member of the Sanitary Board.	Ho Sai-chuen	29 April 1938
date of death	Zhang Jingda (張敬達) (d. December 25, 936), courtesy name Zhitong (志通), nickname Shengtie (生鐵, ``raw iron''), was a general of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period state Later Tang.	Zhang Jingda	936
date of death	Walter Klimmek (14 March 1919 -- 13 May 2010) was a German football defender, coal miner and firefighter.	Walter Klimmek	13 May 2010
date of death	Felice Lattuada (Italian pronunciation: (feˈliːtʃe lattuˈaːda; latˈtwaːda); 5 February 1882 - 2 November 1962) was an Italian composer.	Felice Lattuada	2 November 1962
date of death	Edwin Randolph Oakes (March 25, 1818 in Pleasant Valley, Nova Scotia -- 1889) was a Canadian and Nova Scotian politician and merchant.	Edwin Randolph Oakes	1889
date of death	K. T. Achaya (Oct 6, 1923 -Sep 5, 2002) was an eminent oil chemist, food scientist, nutritionist and food historian.	K. T. Achaya	2002
date of death	Robert Wilson Hamilton (1819-9 August 1904) was an American-born lawyer and judge who was the inaugural Attorney General of Fiji.	Robert Wilson Hamilton	9 August 1904
date of death	William G. Distin (1884--1970), an architect of Saranac Lake, New York, was an early associate of Great Camp designer William L. Coulter who went on to design a number of Adirondack Great Camps.	William G. Distin	1970
date of death	Abiezer Coppe (1619 -- 1672) was one of the English Ranters and a writer of prophetic religious pamphlets.	Abiezer Coppe	1672
date of death	Munatia Plancina (died 33 AD) was a Roman noblewoman who lived in the early times of the Empire founded by Augustus.	Munatia Plancina	33
date of death	Samuel Sanders Teulon (2 March 1812 -- 2 May 1873) was a 19th-century English Gothic Revival architect, noted for his use of polychrome brickwork, and the complex planning of his buildings.	Samuel Sanders Teulon	2 May 1873
date of death	Brian Bromley (20 March 1946 -- 9 March 2012) was an English footballer who played for Bolton Wanderers, Portsmouth, Brighton and Hove Albion, Reading and Darlington in the Football League and Wigan Athletic in the Northern Premier League.	Brian Bromley	9 March 2012
date of death	Sherlock Yarde (unknown -- 21 June 2012) was a football administrator and former manager of the Barbados national football team.	Sherlock Yarde	21 June 2012
date of death	Tadeusz Breyer (15 October 1874 in Mielec -- 15 May 1952 in Warsaw) - Polish sculptor and medallic artist.	Tadeusz Breyer	15 May 1952
date of death	Thomas Yale (1525/6--1577) was an English civil lawyer.	Thomas Yale	1577
date of death	Jekuthiel Ginsburg (1889--1957) was professor of mathematics at Yeshiva University.	Jekuthiel Ginsburg	1957
date of death	Tsipön Lungshar born Dorje Tsegyal (1880--1938) was a noted Tibetan politician who was accused by conservative political opponents of attempting to become the paramount figure of the Tibetan government in the 1930s, by planning a communist coup following the death of the 13th Dalai Lama.	Lungshar	1938
date of death	Edmund Concanon, Irish solicitor and town commissioner, 1816--1902.	Edmund Concanon	1902
date of death	Philip Cogan (1750 -- 3 February 1833) was an Irish composer, pianist, and conductor -- the most important Irish piano composer before Field.	Philip Cogan	3 February 1833
date of death	Arthur Catterall (25 May 1883 -- 28 November 1943) was an English concert violinist, orchestral leader and conductor, one of the best-known English classical violinists of the first half of the twentieth century.	Arthur Catterall	28 November 1943
date of death	John Poulett, 1st Earl Poulett KG (c.1668 -- 28 May 1743) was an English peer.	John Poulett, 1st Earl Poulett	28 May 1743
date of death	Jacob Worm Skjelderup (3 December 1804 -- 2 September 1863) was Norwegian state secretary from 1859 to 1863, appointed Minister of the Navy in 1860, and temporary councillor of state 1861.	Jacob Worm Skjelderup	1863
date of death	Agathangjel Mbrica (1883-1957) was an Albanian artist and goldsmith.	Agathangjel Mbrica	1957
date of death	Anarawd ap Gruffydd (died 1143) was a Prince of Deheubarth in Southwest Wales.	Anarawd ap Gruffydd	1143
date of death	Adolfo Ibáñez Boggiano (1880--1949) was a Chilean businessman and former Minister of Foment.	Adolfo Ibáñez Boggiano	1949
date of death	Pedro Correia da Cunha (1440 -- Lisbon, 1497), was a Portuguese nobleman who was the Second Donatary-Captain of Porto Santo, and the 1st Donatary-Captain of the island of Graciosa, in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.	Pedro Correia da Cunha	1497
date of death	Seonjong of Goryeo (9 October 1049 -- 17 June 1094) (r. 1083--1094) was the 13th king of Goryeo.	Seonjong of Goryeo	17 June 1094
date of death	Shiina Yasutane (椎名 康胤 died March, 1576) was a Japanese daimyo of the Sengoku period, who was lord of the Shiina clan of Etchu Province.	Shiina Yasutane	March, 1576
date of death	David Caminer, OBE (26 June 1915 -- 19 June 2008) has been called the World's First Corporate Electronic Systems Analyst & The World's First Software Engineer.	David Caminer	19 June 2008
date of death	David Lichine (Russian: Дэвид (Давид) Лишин; 25 October 1910 -- 26 June 1972) was a Russian-American ballet dancer and choreographer.	David Lichine	26 June 1972
date of death	Galal Keraitam (Arabic: جلال قريطم‎) (January 1913--30 October 1961), was an Egyptian former footballer who played as a Defender for Zamalek.	Galal Keraitam	30 October 1961
date of death	Johan Fredrik Feyer (16 July 1821 -- 26 June 1880) was a Norwegian industrial pioneer and factory owner.	Johan Fredrik Feyer	26 June 1880
date of death	Huo Yanwei (霍彥威) (872-928), known as Li Shaozhen (李紹真) from 924 to 926, courtesy name Zizhong (子重), formally Duke Zhongwu of Jin (晉忠武公), was a general of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period states Later Liang and Later Tang.	Huo Yanwei	928
date of death	Guo Yingqiu (Chinese: 郭影秋; 1909--1985) was a Chinese politician and educator.	Guo Yingqiu	1985
date of death	Harold Avery (1867--1943) was an English author of children's literature.	Harold Avery	1943
date of death	Sir Coplestone Bampfylde, 2nd Baronet (ca. 1633 -- 9 February 1692) of Poltimore and North Molton and Warleigh, Tamerton Foliot, in Devon, was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1659 and 1689.	Sir Coplestone Bampfylde, 2nd Baronet	9 February 1692
date of death	Georgios Streit (Greek: Γεώργιος Στρέιτ; 1868--1948) was a Greek lawyer and professor.	Georgios Streit	1948
date of death	John Alen (1476--1534) was an English canon lawyer, Archbishop of Dublin, and Lord Chancellor of Ireland, who was murdered during the Rebellion of ``Silken Thomas'' Fitzgerald.	John Alen	1534
date of death	Geoffrey Plumpton Wilson (21 February 1878 -- 30 July 1934) was an English amateur footballer who played at inside left.	Geoffrey Plumpton Wilson	30 July 1934
date of death	Frederick Taylor Gates (1853--1929) was an American Baptist clergyman, educator, and the principal business and philanthropic advisor to the major oil industrialist and philanthropist John D. Rockefeller, Sr., from 1891 to 1923.	Frederick Taylor Gates	1929
date of death	Sir James Montgomery, 1st Baronet Stanhope FRSE (1721 -- 2 April 1803) was a Scottish advocate, judge, politician, agriculturalist and landowner.	Sir James Montgomery, 1st Baronet	2 April 1803
date of death	Arthur West Haddan (1816--1873) was an English churchman and academic, of High Church Anglican views, now remembered as an ecclesiastical historian, particularly for Councils and Ecclesiastical Documents relating to Great Britain and Ireland, written with William Stubbs.	Arthur West Haddan	1873
date of death	Hong Jong-u (홍종우, 洪鍾宇, 1850 ~ 1913) was a Korean, assassin, reformer, activist and statesman during the Korean Empire.	Hong Jong-u	1913
date of death	Hilde Zimmermann, born Hilde Wundsam, (12 September 1920 -- 25 March 2002) was an Austrian resistance fighter against nazism and survivor of the KZ Ravensbrück (also known as the deathmarch).	Hilde Zimmermann	25 March 2002
date of death	William Barons (also Barnes; died 1505) was the Bishop of London from 1504 to 1505.	William Barons	1505
date of death	Asad Ali Khan (Hindi: असद अली खान) (1937 -- 14 June 2011) was an Indian musician who played the plucked string instrument rudra veena.	Asad Ali Khan	14 June 2011
date of death	John W. Coughlin (June 9, 1861-December 1920) was an American physician and politician who served as Mayor of Fall River, Massachusetts.	John W. Coughlin	December 1920
date of death	Al-Mundhir IV ibn al-Mundhir (Arabic: المنذر بن المنذر‎) was the king of the Lakhmid Arabs in 574--580.	Al-Mundhir IV ibn al-Mundhir	580
date of death	Philip I, Count of Waldeck (1445--1475) was briefly Count of Waldeck-Waldeck in Germany in 1475.	Philip I, Count of Waldeck	1475
date of death	Lord Francis Hervey JP (16 October 1846 -- 10 January 1931) was a British barrister and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1874 and 1892.	Lord Francis Hervey	10 January 1931
date of death	Baron Béla Tallián de Vizek (1851 -- 23 November 1921) was a Hungarian politician, who served as Minister of Agriculture between 1903 and 1905.	Béla Tallián	23 November 1921
date of death	Florence Sarah Lees (31 March 1840 -- 19 October 1922) was one of the English pioneers of district nursing.	Florence Sarah Lees	19 October 1922
date of death	John Eddowes Bowman the Younger (1819--1854) was an English chemist.	John Eddowes Bowman the Younger	1854
date of death	Calle Lindström (1868-1955) was a Swedish singer and comedian from Östergötland.	Calle Lindström	1955
date of death	Sir Harold Baxter Kittermaster KCMG, KBE (14 May 1879 -- 20 March 1939) was governor of British Somaliland (now Somalia), British Honduras (now Belize), and then of the Nyasaland protectorate (now Malawi) in the period before the Second World War.	Harold Baxter Kittermaster	20 March 1939
date of death	Władysław Franciszek Jabłonowski (25 October 1769 -- 29 September 1802) was a Black Polish and French general.	Władysław Franciszek Jabłonowski	29 September 1802
date of death	Joseph Carew (c1820-1870) was a sculptor in Boston, Massachusetts, active between 1840--1870, and collaborated with Thomas A. Carew as the firm Carew & Brother.	Joseph Carew	1870
date of death	Kang Shi'en (Chinese: 康世恩; 20 April 1915 -- 21 April 1995) was a Chinese Communist revolutionary who participated in the December 9th Movement and a politician who served as China's Vice Premier and Minister of Petroleum.	Kang Shi'en	21 April 1995
date of death	Walter J. Carr (1896 -- 1970) was an American pilot and aircraft promoter.	Walter J. Carr	1970
date of death	Jerome de Angelis (1567 -- 4 December 1623) was an Italian Jesuit missionary to Japan.	Jerome de Angelis	4 December 1623
date of death	Sir Miles Partridge (died 26 February 1552) was an English courtier during the reigns of Henry VIII and Edward VI.	Miles Partridge	26 February 1552
date of death	John Herbert Long FRCO (1 July 1908 - 1985) was an English music teacher and organist.	John Herbert Long	1985
date of death	Waller Rodwell Wright (died 1826), author of ``Horæ Ionicæ,'' was British consul-general for the republic of the Seven Islands (Ionian Islands) from 1800 to 1804.	Waller Rodwell Wright	1826
date of death	Willoughby Williams, Jr. (1798-1882) was an American banker and sheriff from Tennessee.	Willoughby Williams, Jr.	1882
date of death	Dr. Fred E. Luborsky (1923--2010) was an American physical chemist noted for his contributions to the field of permanent magnetism and amorphous metals.	Fred E. Luborsky	2010
date of death	Schlombs was initiated Erzdiözesanbaumeister the Diocesan Building Authority until his retirement in 1985th Prof. Dr. Wilhelm Schlombs died on 25 August 1993.	Wilhelm Schlombs	25 August 1993
date of death	Marten Schagen (24 October 1700, Alkmaar -- 20 October 1770, Utrecht) was a Dutch Mennonite bookseller, translator, journal editor and historian.	Marten Schagen	20 October 1770
date of death	Fay Godwin (17 February 1931 -- 27 May 2005) was a British photographer known for her black-and-white landscapes of the British countryside and coast.	Fay Godwin	27 May 2005
date of death	Wilson Follett (1887--1963) was an American writer who is known now almost exclusively for his book Follett's Modern American Usage, which was unfinished at his death and was therefore completed and edited by his friend Jacques Barzun (in collaboration with six other people who helped with the editing) and published posthumously.	Wilson Follett	1963
date of death	Robert Eyres Landor (10 May 1781 -- 26 January 1869) was an English writer, dramatist, poet, and Anglican clergyman.	Robert Eyres Landor	26 January 1869
date of death	Henry Sulley (1845--1940) was an English architect and writer on the temples of Jerusalem.	Henry Sulley	1940
date of death	Paul Auloge-Duvivier known as Paul Duvivier (19 July 1869 - 1956), was a French journalist at Lyon.	Paul Duvivier	1956
date of death	John Chalmers Morton (1821--1888) was a Scottish agriculturist and writer.	John Chalmers Morton	1888
date of death	Wang Xiaotong (王孝通) (AD 580--640), also known as Wang Hs'iao-t'ung, was a Chinese mathematician and calendarist.	Wang Xiaotong	640
date of death	Leon Carnovsky (November 28, 1903--December 6, 1975) was a librarian and educator who focused much of his time to the survey of libraries in the United States and around the globe.	Leon Carnovsky	1975
date of death	Earl Armstrong (1900-1986) was an Ontario farmer and politician.	Earl Armstrong	1986
date of death	Radič Božić (Serbian: Радич Божић ; fl. 1502 - September 1528) was the Despot of Serbia in 1527 until his death in September 1528.	Radič Božić	September 1528
date of death	Ernst Otto Stalinski (1944 -- 2005) was a German humanist and entrepreneur.	Ernst Otto Stalinski	2005
date of death	Lale Oraloğlu (15 August 1924 -- 15 January 2007) was a Turkish actress and screenwriter.	Lale Oraloğlu	15 January 2007
date of death	Percy Edward Pinkerton (19 June 1855 -- 31 August 1946) was an English translator and poet.	Percy Edward Pinkerton	31 August 1946
date of death	Johann Gottfried Rosenberg (late 1709 - 4 June 1776) was a German-Danish architect working in the Rococo style.	Johann Gottfried Rosenberg	4 June 1776
date of death	Dimitrie Ghica or Ghika (31 May 1816-- 15 February 1897) was a Romanian politician.	Dimitrie Ghica	15 February 1897
date of death	Daniel Bremer Juell (1 January 1808 -- 26 May 1855) was a Norwegian clergyman and politician.	Daniel Bremer Juell	26 May 1855
date of death	Sirpa Lane, born Sirpa Salo (1952--1999) was a Finnish actress known for her work in B-movies of the 1970s, primarily erotic and exploitation films.	Sirpa Lane	1999
date of death	Virginie Bovie (1821--1888), full name Joséphine-Louise-Virginie Bovie, was a Belgian painter and arts patron.	Virginie Bovie	1888
date of death	Romany Bain (22 March 1924 -- 29 March 2015) was a British journalist and showbusiness interviewer.	Romany Bain	29 March 2015
date of death	Frederic Adolph Hoefer (14 April 1850 -- 7 October 1938) was a Dutch lieutenant-general, militaria collector and archivist.	Frederic Adolph Hoefer	7 October 1938
date of death	Hector Abhayavardhana (5 January 1919 -- 22 September 2012) was a Sri Lankan Trotskyist theoretician, a long-standing member of the Lanka Sama Samaja Party (LSSP) and a founder-member of the Bolshevik-Leninist Party of India, Ceylon and Burma.	Hector Abhayavardhana	22 September 2012
date of death	Procopio Cutò, or Francesco Procopio Cutò or Francesco Procopio dei Coltelli (9 February 1651 - 10 February 1727) was an Italian chef from Sicily.	Procopio Cutò	10 February 1727
date of death	George Colville (1876--1928) was a Scottish professional footballer.	George Colville	1928
date of death	Sir Isaac Lowthian Bell, 1st Baronet, FRS (18 February 1816 -- 20 December 1904) was a Victorian ironmaster and Liberal Party politician from Washington, County Durham, in the north of England.	Lowthian Bell	20 December 1904
date of death	Alexander Mantashev (Armenian: Ալեքսանդր Մանթաշյան, Aleksandr Mantashian; Russian: Александр Иванович Манташев, Aleksandr Ivanovich Mantashev; 3 March 1842 -- 19 April 1911 and was buried on 30 April in the Armenian Pantheon of Tbilisi) was a prominent Armenian oil magnate, industrialist, financier, and a philanthropist.	Alexander Mantashev	19 April 1911
date of death	Gopalaswamy Mahendraraja (1956 -- 28 December 1994), also known as Mahattaya was a member of Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam who was killed for leaking secrets to India's RAW.	Gopalaswamy Mahendraraja	28 December 1994
date of death	Tom Waye (28 December 1909 -- 10 February 1992) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Port Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) and Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Tom Waye	10 February 1992
date of death	Vincent Yorke (21 May 1869 -- 27 November 1957) was an English cricketer who played for Gloucestershire.	Vincent Yorke	27 November 1957
date of death	Senator Shehu Usman Albishir (15 June 1945 -- 2 July 2012) was a Nigerian member of the business family of Alhaji Albishir Abdullahi and Late Hajiya Fatima Albishir.	Usman Albishir	2 July 2012
date of death	Bootsmannsmaat Anton Schmitt (died 31 May 1916) was a German sailor killed during World War I. He was a gunner aboard the light cruiser SMS Frauenlob during the Battle of Jutland and stuck by his gun despite grave injury and died when his ship was sunk.	Anton Schmitt	31 May 1916
date of death	Mahmud Shaterian (1944--2006) was a famous Iranian Azerbaijani composer, musician and Tar master.	Mahmud Shaterian	2006
date of death	Rosemarie Castoro (born in Brooklyn, New York, United States; 1939 -- 2015) was an American artist associated with the New York Minimalists.	Rosemarie Castoro	2015
date of death	Fu Honglie (Chinese: 傅弘烈; Wade--Giles: Fu Hung-lieh) (died AD 1680) was a native of Jiangxi, who gave his allegiance to the Manchus in 1657 and was employed as a Prefect.	Fu Honglie	1680
date of death	Vinnie Roslin (1947-2012) was an American bassist who was an original member of Steel Mill, an early Bruce Springsteen band.	Vinnie Roslin	2012
date of death	Bill Churchyard (2 February 1878 -- 31 August 1957) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Bill Churchyard	31 August 1957
date of death	Ralph Van Deman Magoffin (1874--1942) was an American Classical scholar and archaeologist.	Ralph Van Deman Magoffin	1942
date of death	Ellen Lucy or Nelly O'Brien (4 June 1864 -- 1 April 1925) was an Irish miniaturist, landscape artist, and Gaelic League activist.	Nelly O'Brien	1 April 1925
date of death	Iraj Soleimani (15 December 1946 -- 23 February 2009) was an Iranian professional footballer.	Iraj Soleimani	23 February 2009
date of death	Bryant Haliday (7 April 1928 -- 28 July 1996) was an American actor, as well as producer, of film and stage, who was instrumental in providing a showcase for international film titles in the United States by co-founding Janus Films with his partner Cyrus Harvey, Jr.	Bryant Haliday	28 July 1996
date of death	Agnes Fleischer (6 February 1865 -- 15 September 1909) was a Norwegian pioneering teacher for disabled persons.	Agnes Fleischer	1909
date of death	Migettuwatte Gunananda Thera or Mohottiwatte Gunananda Thera (Sinhala: පූජ්‍ය මිගෙට්ටුවත්තේ ගුණානන්ද හිමි) (February 9, 1823, Balapitiya -- 21 September 1890, Colombo) was a Sri Lankan Buddhist orator.	Migettuwatte Gunananda Thera	21 September 1890
date of death	Johann Georg Mozart (4 May 1679 -- 19 February 1736) was a bookbinder who lived in Augsburg, Germany, in the 17th and 18th centuries.	Johann Georg Mozart	19 February 1736
date of death	John Michael 'Rab' Rabinovich, later known as J. M. Robson (1900--1982) was a geneticist and physicist who co-founded the science of mutagenesis by mutations in fruit flies exposed to mustard gas, and who first observed neutron beta decay.	J. M. Robson	1982
date of death	Garth Webb (1918 -- 8 May 2012) was a Canadian soldier who founded the Juno Beach Centre.	Garth Webb	8 May 2012
date of death	Frederik Christian Kielsen (7 February 1774 Copenhagen - 18 January 1850 Frederiksberg) was a Danish schoolmaster noted for editing and publishing a series of copiously illustrated books on natural history - Icones amphibiorum, Icones avium, Icones piscium, Icones vermium, Icones mammalium, Icones insectorum.	Frederik Christian Kielsen	18 January 1850
date of death	Bert Casey (died 1903) was one of the most violent of the outlaws to operate out of Oklahoma Territory.	Bert Casey	1903
date of death	Maryse Holder (October 19, 1940 -- September 1977) was an American memoirist and feminist writer, who was the author of Give Sorrow Words.	Maryse Holder	September 1977
date of death	Anna Rajecka (1762--1832), was a Polish painter and drawing artist.	Anna Rajecka	1832
date of death	Jim Burchill (25 October 1897 -- 18 December 1940) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jim Burchill	18 December 1940
date of death	William Roseland (April 18, 1892 -- 1946) was an American-born farmer and political figure in Saskatchewan.	William Roseland	1946
date of death	Smith Wigglesworth (8 June 1859 -- 12 March 1947), was a British evangelist and faith healer who was important in the early history of Pentecostalism.	Smith Wigglesworth	12 March 1947
date of death	William Dexter (1818--1860) was an English-Australian painter.	William Dexter	1860
date of death	Jimmy Seddon (born 20 May 1895 in Bolton, died October 1971), was a footballer who played most famously in the centre of defence for Bolton Wanderers during the 1920s.	Jimmy Seddon	1971
date of death	Edward Montagu, 2nd Earl of Sandwich (3 January 1647/48 -- 29 November 1688) was born in Hinchinbrooke, Huntingdonshire, England to Edward Montagu, 1st Earl of Sandwich and Jemima Crew.	Edward Montagu, 2nd Earl of Sandwich	29 November 1688
date of death	Margaret Nicholl Laird (31 July 1897 -- June 1983) was an American missionary of the Baptist Mid-Missions who worked in the French colony of Ubangi-Shari and independent Central African Republic (CAR) from 1922 until the 1960s.	Margaret Nicholl Laird	1983
date of death	Manouk Avedissian (1841-1925), more commonly known as Bechara Effendi (or Bechara Effendi al-Muhandis, Bechara Afandi, also Bechara Effendi el-Dob ``the bear'') was an Ottoman administrator and the chief engineer of the Vilayet of Syria and later of the Vilayet of Beirut.	Manouk Avedissian	1925
date of death	Freda Meissner-Blau (11 March 1927 -- 22 December 2015) was an Austrian politician, activist, and prominent figurehead in the Austrian environmental movement.	Freda Meissner-Blau	22 December 2015
date of death	Raúl Orlandini (1952--2006) was a Peruvian racecar driver.	Raúl Orlandini	2006
date of death	Bruce K. Reid (17 March 1950 -- 15 June 1970) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Bruce K. Reid	1970
date of death	Tommy Downs (22 May 1901 - 11 August 1981) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Tommy Downs	11 August 1981
date of death	Robert Aim Lennie (6 April 1889 -- 26 March 1961) was Regius Professor of Midwifery at the University of Glasgow from 1946 to 1955.	Robert Aim Lennie	26 March 1961
date of death	Arthur Argo (1935--1981) was a Scottish traditional folk musician, promoter and collector and the great grandson of Gavin Greig.	Arthur Argo	1981
date of death	E. Grey Lewis (died 2005) was a United States lawyer who served as General Counsel of the Navy from 1973 to 1977.	E. Grey Lewis	2005
date of death	Carl Pontus Gahn (1759--1825) was a Swedish military officer who participated in the Russo-Swedish War in Finland in 1788-1789, the Finnish War campaign in Norway in 1808 and the unsuccessful invasion of Norway at Eidskog in 1814 where he was imprisoned.	Carl Pontus Gahn	1825
date of death	Peter of Zittau (Czech: Petr Žitavský; c. 1275--1339) was a Bohemian churchman and historian.	Peter of Zittau	1339
date of death	George Douglas of Pittendreich (died 1552) was a member of the powerful Red Douglas family who struggled for control of the young James V of Scotland in 1528.	George Douglas of Pittendreich	1552
date of death	Magdalena of Saxony (7 March 1507 -- 25 January 1534) was Margravine of Brandenburg, its ``Electoral Princess'', the Electoral equivalent of a crown princess.	Magdalena of Saxony	25 January 1534
date of death	Enrico Tarenghi (April 14, 1848 -- 1938) was an Italian painter, mainly of genre and orientalist paintings.	Enrico Tarenghi	1938
date of death	Nazario Chávez Aliaga (1891--1978) was a Peruvian journalist, politician and poet.	Nazario Chávez Aliaga	1978
date of death	Lieutenant-General Sir Thomas McMahon, 2nd Baronet (1779--1860) was a British Army officer.	Sir Thomas McMahon, 2nd Baronet	1860
date of death	Te Pēhi Kupe (c1795-1828) was a Māori rangatira and war leader of Ngāti Toa and the uncle of Te Rauparaha.	Te Pēhi Kupe	1828
date of death	Doctor Joseph Ritchie (c. 1788 -- 20 November 1819) was an English surgeon, explorer and naturalist.	Joseph Ritchie	20 November 1819
date of death	Leif Johansen (11 May 1930 -- 29 December 1982) was a Norwegian economist who made a substantial contribution to economic science.	Leif Johansen	29 December 1982
date of death	Sir Thomas Dingley (executed 9 or 10 July 1539) was an English prior of the Knights of St. John of Jerusalem.	Thomas Dingley	1539
date of death	Ephraim C. Dawes (1840-1895) was an American Civil War soldier, military historian, and businessman.	Ephraim C. Dawes	1895
date of death	Philipp Emanuel von Fellenberg (27 June 1771 -- 21 November 1844) was a Swiss educationalist and agronomist.	Philipp Emanuel von Fellenberg	21 November 1844
date of death	Thomas Quiddington (christened 21 January 1743, Coulsdon, Surrey -- buried 6 December 1804, Coulsdon) was a noted English cricketer of the mid-18th century who played for Surrey.	Thomas Quiddington	6 December 1804
date of death	Emily Grace Barnsley (3 October 1896 -- 6 March 1975), known as Grace Barnsley or by her married name, Grace Davies, was an English pottery decorator.	Grace Barnsley	6 March 1975
date of death	Blagoje Vidinić (Macedonian: Благоја Видиниќ; 11 June 1934 -- 29 December 2006) was a Macedonian football coach, former player, and former Olympic participant of Serbian origin.	Blagoje Vidinić	29 December 2006
date of death	Morgan Kornmo (17 April 1925 -- 26 March 2010) was a Norwegian evangelist and politician for the Christian Democratic Party.	Morgan Kornmo	26 March 2010
date of death	Simon Ockley (1678 -- 9 August 1720) was a British Orientalist.	Simon Ockley	9 August 1720
date of death	Elgin English Crull (July 17, 1908--1976) was the city manager of Dallas, Texas from 1952 to 1966.	Elgin English Crull	1976
date of death	Grzegorz of Stawiszyn (Polish: Grzegorz ze Stawiszyna; 1481--1540), was a Polish philosopher and theologian of the mid 16th century, Rector of the University of Krakow in the years 1538-1540.	Grzegorz of Stawiszyn	1540
date of death	Raman Raghav (1929 -- 1995), also known as Psycho Raman was a psychopathic serial killer who operated in the city of Mumbai, India in the mid-1960s.	Raman Raghav	1995
date of death	Sir Richard Allibond or Allibone (1636--1688) was an English judge and justice of the King's Bench.	Richard Allibond	1688
date of death	Sidney William Jackson (12 June 1873 -- 30 September 1946) was an Australian naturalist and field ornithologist with a special interest in oology, who was also a skilled photographer and taxidermist.	Sidney William Jackson	30 September 1946
date of death	Michael Dormer died at home in Ocean Beach, San Diego, California on 10 September 2012.	Michael Dormer	10 September 2012
date of death	Simon Waley Waley (23 August 1827, Stockwell, London -- 30 December 1875, Marylebone, London) was one of the leading members of Anglo-Jewry in the 19th century.	Simon Waley	30 December 1875
date of death	Miriam Karlin, OBE (23 June 1925 -- 3 June 2011) was an English actress whose career lasted for more than 60 years.	Miriam Karlin	3 June 2011
date of death	Herman Darewski (17 April 1883 -- 2 June 1947) was a British composer and conductor of light music.	Herman Darewski	2 June 1947
date of death	Carl Axel Fredrik Ivar Holmquist (22 February 1879 -- 24 September 1954) was a Swedish officer and sports official.	Ivar Holmquist	1954
date of death	Joan Winston (19 June 1931 -- 11 September 2008) was an American Trekker who helped organize the first Star Trek fan convention and became a key figure in the subculture.	Joan Winston	11 September 2008
date of death	Ralph Weldon (baptised 1606 -- 1676) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1654 to 1656.	Ralph Weldon	1676
date of death	John Jumper (1820--1896) was Principal Chief of the Seminole Nation from 1849 to 1865, and again from 1882 to 1885.	John Jumper	1896
date of death	Francis Joseph Huchet (1927 - 9 October 1959) was the last convicted criminal to be executed by hanging in the Channel Islands.	Francis Joseph Huchet	1959
date of death	Edmondo Fabbri (16 November 1921 -- 8 July 1995) was an Italian football (soccer) player and coach; a fast player, he mainly played as a winger.	Edmondo Fabbri	8 July 1995
date of death	George Weidenfeld, Baron Weidenfeld, GBE (13 September 1919 -- 20 January 2016) was a British publisher, philanthropist, and newspaper columnist.	George Weidenfeld, Baron Weidenfeld	20 January 2016
date of death	Chang Man-yong (January 25, 1914 -- 1977) was a Korean poet and journalist associated with the modernist movement of the 1930s.	Chang Man-yong	1977
date of death	Edward Teschemacher (1876--1940) also known as Edward Frederick Lockton was an American lyricist, translator, arranger, librettist, and popular music composer responsible for writing and co-writing a number of well-known pieces, including ``Because''(1902) and co-writing ``I'll Walk Beside You''(1939).	Edward Teschemacher	1940
date of death	Georg Fugger von der Lilie (1453--1506) was a German merchant of the Fugger dynasty.	Georg Fugger	1506
date of death	Arthur Swift (1812--1855) was a 19th-century Texas merchant, surveyor, political and military figure.	Arthur Swift	1855
date of death	Edwin F. Leonard (July 15, 1862 -- November 1931) was an American druggist and politician who served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives and as the 37th Mayor of Springfield, Massachusetts.	Edwin F. Leonard	1931
date of death	Nicolò Bonito (died 1740 in Naples) was an Italian painter, depicting mainly landscapes.	Nicolò Bonito	1740
date of death	Robert Bamford (1883--1942) was a British engineer, who with Lionel Walker Birch Martin (1878-- 21 October 1945), founded a company in January 1913 that became Aston Martin.	Robert Bamford	1942
date of death	Alexander McLeod-Lindsay, (24 December 1934 -- 17 September 2009) was a Scots-born Australian who is noted for having served nine years in jail for attempting to murder his wife, but who was later exonerated.	Alexander McLeod-Lindsay	17 September 2009
date of death	William Milligan (15 March 1821 -- 11 December 1892) was a renowned Scottish theologian.	William Milligan	11 December 1892
date of death	Peter Henry Rolfs (1865--1944) was a prominent Florida agronomist in the early 20th century.	Peter Henry Rolfs	1944
date of death	Johann Rudolf Suter (29 March 1766, Zofingen -- 24 February 1827, Bern) was a Swiss physician, botanist and philologist.	Johann Rudolf Suter	24 February 1827
date of death	William Maclure (27 October 1763 -- 23 March 1840) was an Americanized Scottish geologist, cartographer and philanthropist.	William Maclure	23 March 1840
date of death	Edward Backwell (ca. 1618--1683) was an English goldsmith-banker, and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1673 and 1683.	Edward Backwell	1683
date of death	Carlo Urbani died on 29 March 2003 at 11:45 AM, after 18 days of intensive care only.	Carlo Urbani	29 March 2003
date of death	Humphrey Edwards (1582--1658) was one of the regicides of King Charles I of England.	Humphrey Edwards	1658
date of death	Tillie Baldwin (1888-1958), born Anna Mathilda Winger, was an early cowgirl and buckaroo in the United States.	Tillie Baldwin	1958
date of death	Ethel Maude Proffitt Stephenson (née Ethel Maude Proffitt) 1895-1982 was an American lawyer who practiced in Okemah and Tulsa specialising in the field of Native American civil rights.	Ethel Maude Proffitt Stephenson	1982
date of death	George Robb (1 June 1926 -- 25 December 2011) was a footballer who played outside left for Tottenham Hotspur and England.	George Robb	25 December 2011
date of death	Hjálmar Jónsson (29 September 1796 -- 25 July 1875), better known as Bólu-Hjálmar (after his homestead in Bóla), was a 19th-century Icelandic farmer and poet, known for his sharp style and biting wit and for his mastery of the short Icelandic poetic narrative style known as Rímur.	Bólu-Hjálmar	25 July 1875
date of death	Andrew Macfarlane (died 1819) was an Anglican clergyman who served as a bishop in the Scottish Episcopal Church in the late 18th and early 19th-century.	Andrew Macfarlane	1819
date of death	Yuri Nikolayevich Jobbers (born on 13 August 1892 - died on 3 April 1969) was a Russian teacher and a Catholic convert from Russian Orthodoxy.	Yuri Nikolayevich Jobbers	3 April 1969
date of death	Ryan McHenry (13 December 1987 -- 2 May 2015) was a Scottish film director best known for the film Zombie Musical in which he received a nomination for the Best Director accolade at the 2011 British Academy Scotland New Talent Awards.	Ryan McHenry	2 May 2015
date of death	Bruce Duncan Guimaraens (27 October 1935 -- 22 August 2002) was a port wine maker Born in Vila Nova de Gaia, Portugal on 27 October 1935, Bruce Guimaraens was the great-great-grandson of Manuel Pedro Guimaraens founder of the London house of the famous Fonseca Port firm in 1822.	Bruce Duncan Guimaraens	2002
date of death	Narritjin Maymuru (died 1981) was a Yolngu people artist and activist noted for Bark painting.	Narritjin Maymuru	1981
date of death	Jonas King (born in Hawley, Massachusetts, 29 July 1792; died in Athens, Greece, 22 May 1869) was a Congregational clergyman from the United States who worked as a missionary, mainly in Greece.	Jonas King	22 May 1869
date of death	Otto Michael (1859 - 1934) was a German explorer, zoologist and entomologist.	Otto Michael	1934
date of death	Lucien Sabourin (1904--1987) was a French botanist best known for his work with the City of Paris parks department.	Lucien Sabourin	1987
date of death	Giulio Roma (16 September 1584 -- 16 September 1652) was an Italian Catholic Cardinal and Bishop of Recanati and Loreto.	Giulio Roma	16 September 1652
date of death	Vidyabati Kansakar (Devanagari: विद्याबति कंसकार) (1906 -- 31 January 1976) was a pioneer of nursing in Nepal.	Vidyabati Kansakar	31 January 1976
date of death	David Alexander Mulholland (1938 -- 10 December 2003) was a Northern Irish loyalist paramilitary, known to the security forces for his alleged involvement in bombing attacks.	David Alexander Mulholland	10 December 2003
date of death	William Conolly (9 April 1662 -- 30 October 1729), also known as Speaker Conolly, was an Irish politician, Commissioner of Revenue, lawyer and landowner.	William Conolly	30 October 1729
date of death	Yu Xiwei 于希谓(1909-1980) was a Chinese middle-distance runner.	Yu Xiwei	1980
date of death	Bobby Ewer (2 July 1904 -- 11 March 1995) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Bobby Ewer	11 March 1995
date of death	Daniel Auster (Hebrew: דניאל אוסטר‎ ‎, 7 May 1893 -- 15 January 1963) was Mayor of Jerusalem in the final years of Mandatory Palestine, the first Jewish mayor of the city, and the first mayor of Jerusalem after Israeli independence.	Daniel Auster	1963
date of death	Reserve Constable Albert Alexander (c. 1897 -- 15 March 1941) was the fourth patient to be treated with injections of penicillin.	Albert Alexander	1941
date of death	Mary Davys (1674?--1732) was a novelist and playwright.	Mary Davys	1732
date of death	Margaret Cecil, Countess of Ranelagh (1672/1673 -- 21 February 1728) was a British courtier.	Margaret Cecil, Countess of Ranelagh	21 February 1728
date of death	Lu Xiangxian (陸象先) (665--736), né Lu Jingchu (陸景初), formally Duke Wenzhen of Yan (兗文貞公), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty and Wu Zetian's Zhou Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reigns of Emperor Ruizong and Emperor Xuanzong.	Lu Xiangxian	736
date of death	Samuel Danforth (1626--1674) was a Puritan minister, preacher, poet, and astronomer, the second pastor of The First Church in Roxbury and an associate of the Rev. John Eliot of Roxbury, Massachusetts, known as the ``Apostle to the Indians.''	Samuel Danforth	1674
date of death	Serafia Fredrika Schaeffer (1800-1887), known as ``Sheffer's Madam'', was a Finnish cunning woman and herbalist.	Serafia Fredrika Schaeffer	1887
date of death	Takla Maryam (Ge'ez: ተክለ ማርያም takla māryām ``Plant of Mary,'' Amh. tekle māryām, throne name Hezba Nañ ህዝበ ናኝ hizba nāñ) was Emperor (nəgusä nägäst) (1430--1433) of Ethiopia.	Takla Maryam	1433
date of death	Nicholas of Poland, also known as Nicholas of Montpellier (Polish: Mikołaj z Polski) (b. c. 1235, Silesia; d. Kraków, c. 1316), was a medieval Polish-German friar and healer of Silesian origin.	Nicholas of Poland	1316
date of death	David Richmond (1748--1818) was an American commissioned officer who served in the American Revolutionary War.	David Richmond	1818
date of death	Arthur Asahel Shurcliff (1870--1957) was a noted American landscape architect.	Arthur Asahel Shurcliff	1957
date of death	Asbjørn Osnes (21 April 1932 -- 22 September 2011) was a Norwegian ski jumper.	Asbjørn Osnes	22 September 2011
date of death	Wadsworth A. Parker (b. 1864 -- d. 1938, Petersburg, Virginia) was an American printer and typeface designer.	Wadsworth A. Parker	1938
date of death	Summers Burkhart (26 June 1859 -- 14 May 1932) was an American lawyer and the United States Attorney for New Mexico from 1913 to 1921.	Summers Burkhart	14 May 1932
date of death	Francis Graham Crookshank (1873, Wimbledon -- 27 October 1933, Wimpole Street) was a British epidemiologist, and a medical and psychological writer.	Francis Graham Crookshank	27 October 1933
date of death	Renato De Riva (7 May 1937 -- 10 May 1983) was an Italian speed skater who was active internationally between 1958 and 1968.	Renato De Riva	10 May 1983
date of death	Thomas Acton (1662 -- 21 March 1721), real name Thomas Dupuy, was an English Jesuit.	Thomas Acton	21 March 1721
date of death	Matthew Sullivan (1868--1948) was an American architect whose practice specialized in ecclesiastical design.	Matthew Sullivan	1948
date of death	Festus Walters (1849--1922) was an Ohio jurist and advocate for Gubernatorial judicial independence known for the controversial decision to try an Ohio National Guard commander for murder following the Washington County Courthouse riots of 1895.	Festus Walters	1922
date of death	George Maltby (1 October 1876 -- 30 July 1924) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Derbyshire in 1905.	George Maltby	30 July 1924
date of death	Daif Abdul-kareem Al-Ghazal (1976--2005) was a prominent Libyan journalist and writer who was murdered in Libya in May 2005.	Daif Abdul-kareem Al-Ghazal	May 2005
date of death	Jean-Pol Vigneron (5 March 1950 - 24 June 2013) was a Belgian physics professor.	Jean-Pol Vigneron	24 June 2013
date of death	Theodor Spieker (8 August 1823 -- 9 April 1913) was a German mathematician, a teacher at a gymnasium in Potsdam.	Theodor Spieker	9 April 1913
date of death	Ruben Rausing (17 June 1895 -- 8 October 1983) was the founder of the liquid food packaging company Tetra Pak.	Ruben Rausing	8 October 1983
date of death	Jean-Pierre-Antoine Rey (21 December 1767 - 12 January 1842) commanded a famous French infantry regiment during the Napoleonic Wars and became a general officer in 1808.	Jean-Pierre-Antoine Rey	12 January 1842
date of death	Frederico de Freitas (born Lisbon, 15 November 1902 - died there 12 January 1980) was a Portuguese composer, conductor, musicologist and pedagogue.	Frederico de Freitas	12 January 1980
date of death	Bertram Ashburnham, 5th Earl of Ashburnham (28 October 1840 -- 15 January 1913) was a British peer.	Bertram Ashburnham, 5th Earl of Ashburnham	15 January 1913
date of death	Hugo von Montfort (1357 -- 4 April 1423) was an Austrian minstrel of the Late Middle Ages.	Hugo von Montfort	4 April 1423
date of death	Óscar Únzaga de la Vega (19 April 1916 -- 19 April 1959) was a Bolivian political figure and rebel.	Óscar Únzaga	19 April 1959
date of death	Henry George Lamond (13 June 1885 -- 12 July 1969) was an Australian farmer and writer, notable for his novels about the land, people and animals of outback Queensland.	Henry George Lamond	12 July 1969
date of death	(George) Leighton Seager, 1st Baron Leighton of St Mellons CBE (11 January 1896 -- 17 October 1963), known as Sir George Leighton Seager, 1st Baronet, from 1952 to 1962, was a Welsh shipping magnate.	Leighton Seager, 1st Baron Leighton of St Mellons	17 October 1963
date of death	Thomas Touchet-Jesson, 23rd Baron Audley MBE (15 September 1913 -- 3 July 1963) was born in Herefordshire, England, to Thomas Touchet Tuchet-Jesson and Annie Rosina Hammacott-Osler and educated at Lancing College.	Thomas Touchet-Jesson, 23rd Baron Audley	3 July 1963
date of death	Percy Brooke (May 1893 -- 1971) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Aberdare Athletic, Accrington Stanley, Stoke, Swindon Town.	Percy Brooke	1971
date of death	Sir Henry Blount (1602--1682) was a 17th-century English landowner, traveller and author.	Henry Blount	1682
date of death	William B. Pettit (October 10, 1825 - 1905) was a Virginia lawyer who served a term as president of The Virginia Bar Association, and was a delegate to the Virginia Constitutional Convention of 1901.	William B. Pettit	1905
date of death	Almahmoud (1947--1971) was an American Thoroughbred racemare that was best known as an influential broodmare who produced Natalma and Cosmah.	Almahmoud	1971
date of death	Pope Clement IX (Latin: Clemens IX; 28 January 1600 -- 9 December 1669), born Giulio Rospigliosi, was Pope from 20 June 1667 to his death in 1669.	Pope Clement IX	9 December 1669
date of death	Susan Newell (1893--1923) was the last woman to be hanged in Scotland.	Susan Newell	1923
date of death	Major Ludwig Albrecht von Rohr (1796--1815) was a Prussian officer during the Napoleonic Wars who was killed during the Waterloo Campaign.	Ludwig Albrecht von Rohr	1815
date of death	Fernando Manuel de Bustillo Bustamante y Rueda (died 1719) served as the 37th Governor General of Spanish Philippines from 1717 until his death.	Fernando Manuel de Bustillo Bustamante y Rueda	1719
date of death	Hadamar III of Laber (ca 1300 -- 1360) was one of the Lords of Laber (now Laaber) in the Upper Palatinate, and an important courtly poet (Minnesänger).	Hadamar III of Laber	1360
date of death	According to Amnesty International, Thongsouk Saysangkhi died in prison in February 1998.	Thongsouk Saysangkhi	February 1998
date of death	Hugh MacColl (1831--1909) was a Scottish mathematician, logician and novelist.	Hugh MacColl	1909
date of death	Bagindo Azizchan (30 September 1910 -- 19 July 1947), is the Mayor of Padang second after independence, which was inaugurated on August 15, 1946 replacing Mr. Abubakar Jaar.	Bagindo Azizchan	19 July 1947
date of death	Teobaldo II Ordelaffi (also known as Tebaldo, 1413--1425) was briefly lord of Forlì from 1422 to 1424.	Teobaldo II Ordelaffi	1425
date of death	William Ellis Tucker (died 1832) was the first person to successfully produce hard paste porcelain for the home market made entirely in the United States of purely domestic materials.	William Ellis Tucker	1832
date of death	Bojang of Goguryeo (died 682) (r. 642--668) was the 28th and last king of Goguryeo the northernmost of the Three Kingdoms of Korea.	Bojang of Goguryeo	682
date of death	Vinod Mishra (Hindi: विनोद मिश्रा; 24 March 1947 -- 18 December 1998) was an Indian communist politician.	Vinod Mishra	18 December 1998
date of death	George Digby, 2nd Earl of Bristol (bapt. 5 November 1612 -- 20 March 1677) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1640 until 1641 when he was raised to the House of Lords.	George Digby, 2nd Earl of Bristol	20 March 1677
date of death	Zuleika Alambert (Santos, 23 December 1922 - Rio de Janeiro, 27 December 2012) was a Brazilian writer, feminist, and politician.	Zuleika Alambert	27 December 2012
date of death	Adam of Usk (Welsh: Adda o Frynbuga) (c. 1352 -- 1430) was a Welsh priest, canonist, and late medieval historian and chronicler.	Adam of Usk	1430
date of death	Lloyd Davies (23 February 1877 -- 10 October 1957) was a Welsh footballer who played in the Football League for Stoke and had a long career in the Southern League with Northampton Town.	Lloyd Davies	10 October 1957
date of death	Serafino Porrecta (b. 1536; d. at Bologna, 2 January 1614) was an Italian Dominican theologian.	Serafino Porrecta	2 January 1614
date of death	Cathal mac Domhnall Ó Conchobair (died 1324) was King of Connacht from 1318 to 1324.	Cathal mac Domhnall Ó Conchobair	1324
date of death	'Abd al-Hayy (c. 1374 - Samarkand, 1405) was a Persian illustrator and painter.	'Abd al-Hayy	1405
date of death	Stanley Roy Badmin (1906--1989) was an English painter and etcher particularly noted for his book illustrations and landscapes.	Stanley Roy Badmin	1989
date of death	Vaidila (Woidiło, Voydiło, Woydylo; executed in 1381) was a favorite and brother-in-law of Jogaila, Grand Duke of Lithuania.	Vaidila	1381
date of death	Otto Muehl (16 June 1925 -- 26 May 2013) was an Austrian artist, who was known as one of the co-founders as well as a main participant of Viennese Actionism and for founding the Friedrichshof Commune.	Otto Muehl	26 May 2013
date of death	Sir Eric Teichman, born Erik Teichmann (16 January 1884 -- 3 December 1944, in Norfolk, England) was a British diplomat and orientalist.	Eric Teichman	3 December 1944
date of death	Sulejman Zalla (1892--1966) was an Albanian teacher, patriot and activist of the Rilindja Kombëtare of the early 20th century.	Sulejman Zalla	1966
date of death	Sophie d'Artois (5 August 1776 -- 5 December 1783) was a French princess of the House of Bourbon.	Sophie d'Artois	5 December 1783
date of death	Wilhelm Crisolli (20 January 1895 -- 12 September 1944) was a German general and member of the Nazi Party in World War II. He was Commander of 13.	Wilhelm Crisolli	12 September 1944
date of death	Paul Langerhans (25 July 1847 -- 20 July 1888) was a German pathologist, physiologist and biologist.	Paul Langerhans	20 July 1888
date of death	Rev. Jerome Alley (1760--1826) was an Irish poet and author.	Jerome Alley	1826
date of death	Rokneddin Mokhtari (1887--1970) was an Iranian musician and violinist.	Rokneddin Mokhtari	1970
date of death	Mahbub Alam Chashi (Bengali: মাহবুব আলম চাষী) (1927--1983) was a renowned public official and social worker from Bangladesh.	Mahbub Alam Chashi	1983
date of death	Charles Magnus (16 March 1826 - 3 May 1900) was a printing entrepreneur, whose business was based in New York, NY.	Charles Magnus	3 May 1900
date of death	Clive Hale (1937 -- 5 June 2005) was an Australian television news and current affairs presenter on the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) for 38 years.	Clive Hale	5 June 2005
date of death	Gu Hongzhong (simplified Chinese: 顾闳中; traditional Chinese: 顧閎中; pinyin: Gù Hóngzhōng; 937--975) was a Chinese painter during the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period of Chinese history.	Gu Hongzhong	975
date of death	Philipp Jarnach (26 July 1892 -- 17 December 1982) was a composer of modern music.	Philipp Jarnach	17 December 1982
date of death	Eduardo Prieto (15 April 1912 -- 8 July 2003) was a Mexican fencer and sailor.	Eduardo Prieto	8 July 2003
date of death	Clara Pontoppidan (23 April 1883 -- 22 January 1975), also known as Clara Wieth, was a Danish actress.	Clara Pontoppidan	22 January 1975
date of death	Aref El Rayess (or Aref Rayess) (1928 in Aley, Lebanon -- 2005) was a Lebanese painter.	Aref Rayess	2005
date of death	Mohammad Daoud Oudeh (Arabic: محمد داود عودة‎), commonly known by his nom de guerre Abu Daoud or Abu Dawud (Arabic: أبو داود‎) 1937, -- 3 July 2010) was a Palestinian known as the planner, architect and mastermind of the Munich massacre.	Abu Daoud	3 July 2010
date of death	Christina Onassis (Greek: Χριστίνα Ωνάση; 11 December 1950 -- 19 November 1988) was an American-born Greek/Argentine businesswoman, socialite, and heiress to the Onassis fortune.	Christina Onassis	19 November 1988
date of death	Peter Racine Fricker (5 September 1920 -- 1 February 1990) was an English composer who lived in the US for the last thirty years of his life.	Peter Racine Fricker	1 February 1990
date of death	Sir Edgar Bonham-Carter, KCMG, CIE (2 April 1870 -- 24 April 1956) was a British barrister and administrator in the Sudan and Iraq.	Edgar Bonham-Carter	24 April 1956
date of death	Carl-August Petersen (26 May 1912 -- 23 November 1980) was a highly decorated Major in the Luftwaffe.	Carl-August Petersen	23 November 1980
date of death	Czesław Młot-Fijałkowski (1892--1944) was a Polish military officer and a brigadier general of the Polish Army.	Czesław Młot-Fijałkowski	1944
date of death	Dr. Frederic John Poynton M.D., F.R.C.P. (26 June 1869 -- 29 October 1943) was an English physician who studied rheumatism in children while practising at Great Ormond Street Hospital and University College Hospital.	Frederic John Poynton	29 October 1943
date of death	Clive Scott (24 February 1945 -- 10 May 2009) was a keyboard player of the British 1970s pop / rock group, Jigsaw, as well as the composer of most of the group's recordings, together with the singer, Des Dyer.	Clive Scott	10 May 2009
date of death	Oğuz Yorulmaz (- May 2005) was a Turkish policeman convicted of involvement in the Susurluk scandal; he was a bodyguard of Sedat Bucak.	Oğuz Yorulmaz	2005
date of death	Samuel Goodenough (1743 -- 12 August 1827) was the Bishop of Carlisle from 1808 until his death in 1827, and an amateur botanist and collector.	Samuel Goodenough	12 August 1827
date of death	Fred Hawking (22 September 1909 -- 8 September 1988) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the VFL during the 1930s.	Fred Hawking	8 September 1988
date of death	(Joseph) Rupert Balfe (9 March 1890 -- 25 April 1915) was an Australian rules footballer.	Rupert Balfe	25 April 1915
date of death	Roger Brett Kebble (19 February 1964 -- 27 September 2005) was a South African mining magnate with close links to factions in the ruling political party, the African National Congress.	Brett Kebble	27 September 2005
date of death	Emile Riachi (November 2, 1926 -- 15 June 2014) was a renowned orthopaedic surgeon in Lebanon.	Emile Riachi	2014
date of death	Debbie Purdy (4 May 1963 -- 23 December 2014) was a British music journalist and political activist from Bradford, West Yorkshire, with primary progressive multiple sclerosis, notable for her challenge to the law in England and Wales as relates to assisted suicide.	Debbie Purdy	23 December 2014
date of death	Beryl Cook, OBE (10 September 1926 -- 28 May 2008) was an English artist best known for her original and instantly recognisable paintings.	Beryl Cook	28 May 2008
date of death	Åke Strömmer (born 10 June 1936 in Härnösand, died 22 February 2005) was a Swedish sports journalist, radio presenter and television host.	Åke Strömmer	22 February 2005
date of death	Jan Standonck (or Jean Standonk; 16 August 1453 -- 5 February 1504) was a Flemish priest, Scholastic, and reformer.	Jan Standonck	5 February 1504
date of death	Braja Sundar Mitra (Bengali: ব্রজ সুন্দর মিত্র Brojo Shundor Mitro) (1227-1282 Bengali Era), son of Bhabani Prasad Mitra, was founder of Dhaka Brahmo Samaj.	Braja Sundar Mitra	1282
date of death	Leo J. Volpe (1916--13 April 2000) was a draft resister and conscientious objector as a Jehovah's Witness during World War II. In the Month of February 1940 Leo Volpe begin reading the first of a set of three books titled Vindication.	Leo Volpe	13 April 2000
date of death	Johannes Adam Simon Oertel (born Fürth, Bavaria, 3 November 1823; died 9 December 1909) was a German-American Episcopal clergyman and artist.	Johannes Adam Simon Oertel	9 December 1909
date of death	Verita Bouvaire-Thompson ( b.1918, d. 2011) was an American actress turned hairdresser best known for her 14-year reputed affair with actor Humphrey Bogart.	Verita Bouvaire-Thompson	2011
date of death	Erzhu Zhao (爾朱兆) (died 533), courtesy name Wanren (萬仁), was a general of the Chinese/Xianbei dynasty Northern Wei.	Erzhu Zhao	533
date of death	Kristin Brooks Rossell (16 November 1969 -- 7 April 1998) became the face of the National Hopeline Network after she committed suicide after suffering from postpartum depression.	Kristin Brooks Rossell	7 April 1998
date of death	John Wheeler Bunton (22 February 1807 -- 24 August 1879) was a Texas settler and signer of the Texas Declaration of Independence (1836), which declared independence from Mexico.	John Wheeler Bunton	24 August 1879
date of death	Bhai Lal Mohammad Amritsari (died 1962) was a singer of the Kapurthala Gharana trained in the Gwalior style of singing.	Bhai Lal Mohammad	1962
date of death	Julia Pirotte (née Diament; 1 January 1908 -- 25 July 2000) was a photojournalist known for her work in Marseille during the Second World War when she documented the French Resistance, and for photographs taken in the aftermath of the Kielce Pogrom of 1946.	Julia Pirotte	25 July 2000
date of death	Charlotta Aurora De Geer later Gyldenstolpe and Wetterstedt (1779--1834), was a Swedish salonist, lady-in-waiting and noble.	Charlotta Aurora De Geer	1834
date of death	Air Vice-Marshal Sir Arthur Vyell Vyvyan KCB DSO (12 March 1875 -- 30 September 1935), usually given as Sir Vyell Vyvyan, was an officer in the Royal Navy in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	Vyell Vyvyan	30 September 1935
date of death	Archbishop Gaetano Alibrandi (14 January 1914 -- 3 July 2003) of the Roman Catholic Church was a senior papal diplomat and former Personal Secretary to Giovanni Battista Cardinal Montini (later Pope Paul VI).	Gaetano Alibrandi	3 July 2003
date of death	Daniel Pedreira Senna Pellegrine (30 October 1992 -- 7 July 2013), better known by his stage name MC Daleste was a Brazilian funk paulista singer, songwriter and rapper.	MC Daleste	7 July 2013
date of death	Lewis Radcliffe (1880-1950) was a naturalist, malacologist, and ichthyologist.	Lewis Radcliffe	1950
date of death	Martin Friedrich Rudolf von Delbrück (16 April 1817 -- 1 February 1903) was a Prussian statesman at the time of Otto von Bismarck.	Rudolf von Delbrück	1 February 1903
date of death	José de Jesus Medrano, better known as Chuchín, was a Mexican clown and star attraction of many circuses in Mexico from the late 1960s to 1984, when he died while on tour in Africa.	Chuchín	1984
date of death	Charles Brandon, 1st Duke of Suffolk, 1st Viscount Lisle, KG (c.1484 -- 22 August 1545) was the son of Sir William Brandon and Elizabeth Bruyn.	Charles Brandon, 1st Duke of Suffolk	22 August 1545
date of death	Lojze Zupanc (21 September 1906 -- 2 June 1973) was a Slovene writer, poet, playwright and journalist best known for his short stories based on folktales and other traditional stories.	Lojze Zupanc	2 June 1973
date of death	Fred Lowen AM (1919--2005), born Fritz Karl Heinz Lowenstein, was a German-Australian designer and an inductee into the Design Institute of Australia Hall of Fame.	Fred Lowen	2005
date of death	Hakija Turajlić (1936 -- 8 January 1993) was a Bosniak politician, economist and businessman who served as the Deputy Prime Minister of Bosnia and Herzegovina until he was murdered in 1993.	Hakija Turajlić	8 January 1993
date of death	Bill Burnett was born in Koffiefontein on 31 May 1917 and died in Grahamstown, South Africa on 23 August 1994 was archbishop of Cape Town from 1974 to 1981.	Bill Burnett	23 August 1994
date of death	William Joseph Chamberlain (died 1945) was an English journalist and pacifist.	William Joseph Chamberlain	1945
date of death	Gyeon Hwon (867 - 27 September 936, reigned 892-935) was the king and founder of Hubaekje, one of the Later Three Kingdoms of Korea.	Gyeon Hwon	936
date of death	Robert Noel Douglas (Norwood Green, Middlesex 9 November 1868 - Colyton, Devon 27 February 1957) was an English cricketer teacher, and priest.	Robert Noel Douglas	27 February 1957
date of death	Giovanni Angelo Testagrossa (9 April 1470 -- December 1530) was an Italian lutenist and singer.	Giovanni Angelo Testagrossa	1530
date of death	Charles George Male (8 May 1910 -- 19 February 1998) was an English footballer.	George Male	19 February 1998
date of death	John William Cameron (2 October 1841 - 28 December 1896) was an English brewer who owned Camerons Brewery of Hartlepool, County Durham.	John William Cameron	28 December 1896
date of death	Bob Block (20 July 1921 -- 17 April 2011) was a British radio, television and film comedy scriptwriter.	Bob Block	17 April 2011
date of death	Agar Wynne (15 July 1850 -- 12 May 1934) was an Australian politician.	Agar Wynne	12 May 1934
date of death	Sir Arnold Savage II (ca. 1382 -- 1420), of Bobbing, Kent, was an English politician.	Arnold Savage II	1420
date of death	Brigadier Daniel Austin died on 29 December 2013.	Daniel Austin	29 December 2013
date of death	David Godwin Burchell BEM (23 September 1924 -- 20 September 2009) was a South Australian business man, a recreational scuba diver and a football administrator.	David Godwin Burchell	20 September 2009
date of death	Henry Stephen Kemble (15 September 1789 -- 22 June 1836) was a British actor and son of Stephen Kemble.	Henry Stephen Kemble	22 June 1836
date of death	Karl Höchberg (8 September 1853 -- 21 June 1885) was a German social-reformist writer, publisher and economist, who acted under the pseudonyms Dr. Ludwig Richter e R.F. Seifert.	Karl Höchberg	21 June 1885
date of death	Hugh Willoughby, 12th Baron Willoughby of Parham (c.1637--1712) was an English peer of the House of Lords.	Hugh Willoughby, 12th Baron Willoughby of Parham	1712
date of death	Audvar Os (8 September 1920 -- 25 June 2014) was a Norwegian barrister and civil servant.	Audvar Os	25 June 2014
date of death	Alonzo Conant (8 October 1914 - 4 January 1962) was a lawyer and political activist from Maine.	Alonzo Conant	4 January 1962
date of death	Chrysaphius (Greek: Χρυσάφιος) was a eunuch at the Eastern Roman court, who became the chief minister of Theodosius II (r. 408--450).	Chrysaphius	450
date of death	Sir William Llewelyn Davies (born William Davies, and adding ``Llewelyn'' after marrying Gwen Llewelyn) (11 October 1887 -- 11 November 1952) was chief librarian of the National Library of Wales, Aberystwyth from 1930 until his death.	William Llewelyn Davies	11 November 1952
date of death	Brahma Pala (900-920) was founder of Pala Dynasty (900--1100) of Kamarupa Kingdom.	Brahma Pala	920
date of death	Tomaso Porcacchi Castilione (1530--1585) was an author and cartographer.	Tomaso Porcacchi Castilione	1585
date of death	Dr. Vala Chakradhar Rao (28 March 1928 -- 27 September 1991) was a doctor and politician.	Vala Chakradhar Rao	27 September 1991
date of death	Marie Howet (24 March 1897 -- 24 March 1984) was a Belgian expressionist painter and illustrator.	Marie Howet	24 March 1984
date of death	Giorgio Matteo Aicardi (18 September 1891 -- 30 December 1984) was an Italian painter, who also specialised in drawings, frescos, restorations and illustrations.	Giorgio Matteo Aicardi	30 December 1984
date of death	Blessed Conor O'Devany (c. 1532 -- 1 (O.S.)/11 (N.S.) February 1612; Cornelius O'Devany, Irish: Concobhar Ó Duibheannaigh) was an Irish Roman Catholic bishop and martyr.	Conor O'Devany	1612
date of death	Vetle Vislie (21 September 1858 -- 7 February 1933) was a Norwegian educationalist and writer.	Vetle Vislie	7 February 1933
date of death	Hickman Price Jr., (1911--1989) was an assistant secretary in the United States Department of Commerce and a business executive.	Hickman Price	1989
date of death	Samuel Larsson Stjerneld (1637--1716) was son of Lars Gustafsson Vasa and Brita Törnros.	Samuel Larsson Stjerneld	1716
date of death	Herbert Standing (13 November 1846 -- 5 December 1923) was a British stage and screen actor and the patriarch of the Standing family of actors.	Herbert Standing	5 December 1923
date of death	Ramón Atiles y Pérez (1804--1875), who was born in Ponce, Puerto Rico, was a notable painter known for his miniature portraits of bourgeois sitters.	Ramón Atiles y Pérez	1875
date of death	Teodor Filipović (1778--1807), Serbian writer, jurist and educator, is also known by his pseudonym Božidar Grujović.	Teodor Filipović	1807
date of death	David Pacher (5 September 1816, Obervellach -- 29 May 1902, Obervellach) was an Austrian priest and botanist.	David Pacher	29 May 1902
date of death	Joseph Marcoux (16 March 1791 -- 29 May 1855) was a Canadian Catholic missionary among the Iroquois.	Joseph Marcoux	29 May 1855
date of death	Henry Lane Eno was born in New York City on July 8, 1871; he died at Montacute House, Somerset, on September 28, 1928.	Henry Lane Eno	1928
date of death	Ida Bagus Mantra (8 May 1928 - 10 July 1995) was the Governor of Bali from 1978 to 1988.	Ida Bagus Mantra	1995
date of death	Togha Temür (died late 1353), also known as Taghaytimur, was a claimant to the throne of the Ilkhanate in the mid-14th century.	Togha Temür	1353
date of death	Franc Gubenšek (31 October 1937 -- 17 August 2010) was a Slovene biochemist and academic, notable for his work on toxins in snake venom.	Franc Gubenšek	17 August 2010
date of death	Herman Husband (1724--1795), also known as Harmon Husband, was a farmer, radical, pamphleteer, and preacher.	Herman Husband	1795
date of death	P. C. Sorcar (Bengali: পি সি সরকার) (23 February 1913 -- 6 January 1971) was the stage name of Protul Chandra Sorcar (Bengali: প্রতুলচন্দ্র সরকার), a famous magician.	P. C. Sorcar	6 January 1971
date of death	Arthur Jones, pen name Tristan Jones (8 May 1929 -- 21 June 1995) was a British mariner and author.	Tristan Jones	21 June 1995
date of death	Carl Jularbo, well known as Calle Jularbo and born as Karl Karlsson (6 June 1893 - 13 February 1966) was the most famous Swedish accordionist of his time.	Calle Jularbo	13 February 1966
date of death	Otto Porsch 12 September 1875 -- 2 January 1959) was an Austrian biologist.	Otto Porsch	2 January 1959
date of death	William Brouncker, 2nd Viscount Brouncker, PRS (1620 -- 5 April 1684) was an English mathematician who introduced Brouncker's formula, and was the first President of the Royal Society.	William Brouncker, 2nd Viscount Brouncker	5 April 1684
date of death	Captain Harold Thomas Cawley (12 June 1878 -- 23 September 1915) was a British barrister, Liberal Party politician and soldier.	Harold Thomas Cawley	23 September 1915
date of death	Andrea Ossoinack (1876-1965) was a businessman and politician who became notable in the process of creating the Free State of Fiume.	Andrea Ossoinack	1965
date of death	Townsend Cromwell (November 3, 1922 -- June 2, 1958) was an oceanographer who discovered the Cromwell current whilst researching drifting in the equatorial region of the Pacific Ocean.	Townsend Cromwell	1958
date of death	Tato (died 510) was an early 6th century king of the Lombards.	Tato	510
date of death	Dietmar von Aist (c. 1115 -- c. 1171) was a Minnesinger from a baronial family in the Duchy of Austria, whose work is representative of the lyric poetry in the Danube region.	Dietmar von Aist	1171
date of death	Grace Livingston Hill (April 16, 1865 -- 1947) was an early 20th-century novelist and wrote both under her real name and the pseudonym Marcia Macdonald.	Grace Livingston Hill	1947
date of death	Joseph Dutton (born 27 April 1843, Stowe, Vermont -- died on 26 March 1931, Honolulu, Hawaii), was a Civil War veteran, Union Army Lieutenant, who converted to Catholicism and later worked as a missionary with Father Damien.	Joseph Dutton	26 March 1931
date of death	Johan Fredrik Eykman or Johann Frederik Eijkman (19 January 1851 -- 7 January 1915) was a Dutch chemist.	Johann Frederik Eijkman	7 January 1915
date of death	Jules Richomme (9 September 1818 -- 16 October 1903) was a French portrait, landscape, genre and history painter.	Jules Richomme	16 October 1903
date of death	Polymelus (1902--1924) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse who was the leading sire of racehorses in Great Britain and Ireland for five years (1914, 1915, 1916, 1920, 1921).	Polymelus	1924
date of death	James Batchelder (1830--1854) was the second United States Marshal to be killed in the line of duty.	James Batchelder	1854
date of death	Robbie France (5 December 1959 -- 14 January 2012) was an English drummer, producer, arranger, journalist, music educator, and broadcaster.	Robbie France	14 January 2012
date of death	Yujiulü Hulü (Chinese: 郁久閭斛律; pinyin: Yùjiǔlǘ Húlǜ) (died 414) was an early 5th century Aikugai Khan (藹苦蓋可汗) (ruler) of the Rouran, a confederation of nomadic tribes in Mongolia.	Yujiulü Hulü	414
date of death	McKinley Burnett (1897 - 1968) played a pivotal role in the landmark Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka school desegregation case as President of the Topeka NAACP by recruiting 13 Topeka families to participate in the court action.	McKinley Burnett	1968
date of death	Bryan Patrick Beirne (22 January 1918 -- 31 March 1998) was an Irish entomologist who emigrated to Canada in 1949.	Bryan Patrick Beirne	31 March 1998
date of death	Rudolf Sanzin (4 June 1874 - 2 June 1922) was an Austrian engineer and locomotive designer.	Rudolf Sanzin	2 June 1922
date of death	Pieter Claesz (c. 1597--1 January 1660) was a Dutch Golden Age painter of still lifes.	Pieter Claesz	1 January 1660
date of death	Daham Miro (Kurdish: Deham Mîro; Arabic: دهام ميرو) (January 1921-November 2010) was a Kurdish political leader and former chairman of the Kurdistan Democratic Party of Syria (KDPS).	Daham Miro	2010
date of death	Aurora Miranda da Cunha Richaid (20 April 1915 -- 22 December 2005) was a Brazilian entertainer.	Aurora Miranda	22 December 2005
date of death	Joseph Werner (22 June 1637 -- 21 September 1710), known as the Younger to distinguish him from his painter father of the same name, was a Swiss painter, known for miniatures.	Joseph Werner	21 September 1710
date of death	Edward Cresset (1910--2001) was a Dean of Hereford and a Bishop of Llandaff.	Edward Cresset	2001
date of death	Euphémie Daguilh (died in Les Cayes, Haiti, 1834), was a Haitian composer and choreographer, royal mistress of emperor Jean-Jacques Dessalines and famed for her fearless care of the wounded during the campaign of 1805.	Euphémie Daguilh	1834
date of death	Angadrisma (Angadrême, Angadresima, Angadreme, Angradesma, Andragasyna) (d. ca. 695) was a seventh-century abbess and saint.	Angadrisma	695
date of death	Francis Cuggy (16 June 1889 -- 27 March 1965) was an English footballer who played at right half.	Francis Cuggy	27 March 1965
date of death	Morris Schaff (1840--1929), was a native of Etna Township, Ohio, USA.	Morris Schaff	1929
date of death	Sophie Elisabeth of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Wiesenburg (4 May 1653 - 19 August 1684), was a German noblewoman member of the House of Oldenburg and by marriage Duchess of Saxe-Zeitz.	Sophie Elisabeth of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Wiesenburg	19 August 1684
date of death	George Edward Dering (1831--1911) was a British inventor and eccentric.	George Edward Dering	1911
date of death	Henry FitzAlan, 19th Earl of Arundel KG (23 April 1512 -- 24 February 1580) was an English nobleman, who over his long life assumed a prominent place at the court of all the later Tudor sovereigns, probably the only person to do so.	Henry FitzAlan, 19th Earl of Arundel	24 February 1580
date of death	Colette Ritz, real name Benitte Colette (Paris, 8 May 1932 - Proisy, 9 September 2007) was a French pop singer of the 1960s.	Colette Ritz	9 September 2007
date of death	Harold Gresley (1892 - 1967) was a British artist, following his father and grandfather.	Harold Gresley	1967
date of death	Alexander Sahinian (Armenian: Ալեքսանդր Սահինյան; 1910--1982) was a Soviet Armenian architectural historian, who headed the Architecture Department of the Institute of Arts of the Armenian Academy of Sciences between 1958 and 1982.	Alexander Sahinian	1982
date of death	Luigi Bellardi (18 May 1818 -- 17 September 1889) was an Italian malacologist and entomologist who specialised in Diptera.	Luigi Bellardi	17 September 1889
date of death	Armin Schlieps (1931--2005), son of George Schlieps, was an illustrious bow maker (Archetier) as well as a violin maker (Luthier).	Armin Schlieps	2005
date of death	John II, Duke of Mecklenburg-Stargard (before 1370 - 6 July/9 October 1416) was a titular Duke of Mecklenburg.	John II, Duke of Mecklenburg-Stargard	1416
date of death	Thomas Klestil (4 November 1932 -- 6 July 2004) was an Austrian diplomat and politician.	Thomas Klestil	6 July 2004
date of death	Jan Walenty Węgierski (1755--1796), of Wieniawa Coat of Arms, was a Deputy Chancellor (podkanclerz) and Chamberlain of last king of Poland, Stanisław August Poniatowski.	Jan Walenty Węgierski	1796
date of death	Austin Leslie Farnen (better known as Les Farnen, 17 September 1919 -- January 1985) was an English professional footballer.	Les Farnen	January 1985
date of death	Christian Swartz (June 15, 1846 -- 1932) was a two-term mayor of South Norwalk, Connecticut, United States in 1880, and 1882.	Christian Swartz	1932
date of death	Thomas Francis Dillon Croker FSA FRGS (1831--1912) was a British antiquary and poet.	Thomas Francis Dillon Croker	1912
date of death	Laurence Gross (1931 - 2003) was a television and radio broadcaster in San Diego.	Laurence Gross	2003
date of death	Joseph Liberman (1917, Henichesk -- August 1941, Russian: Иосиф Меерович Либерман) was a Soviet mathematician, a student of Aleksandrov, best known for Liberman's lemma.	Joseph Liberman	1941
date of death	Ramachandra Raya (1422 CE) was an emperor of the Vijayanagara Empire from the Sangama Dynasty.	Ramachandra Raya	1422
date of death	Saw Bwe Hmu (Burmese: စောဘွဲ့မှူး died 24 July 1993) was a co-founder and the bandleader of the Burmese band Iron Cross and a well known songwriter.	Saw Bwe Hmu	24 July 1993
date of death	Radu Irimescu (December 9, 1890 -- May 1975) was a Romanian businessman, politician, and diplomat.	Radu Irimescu	1975
date of death	Emil Veesenmeyer (1857 -- 1944) was a German theologian, minister of the Bergkirche in Wiesbaden, the capital of Hesse, and later a dean.	Emil Veesenmeyer	1944
date of death	James Frye (b. in Andover, Massachusetts, in 1709; d. 8 January 1776) was a colonial soldier.	James Frye	8 January 1776
date of death	Sima Yong (司馬顒) (died 306), courtesy name Wenzai (文載), was a Jin Dynasty (265-420) imperial prince and briefly a regent for Emperor Hui.	Sima Yong	306
date of death	Robert John Halliburton (23 March 1935 -- 26 September 2004) was an English priest and theologian within the Church of England, who served as a Canon and Chancellor of St Paul's Cathedral between 1989 and 2003.	John Halliburton	26 September 2004
date of death	Ruth Spalding (30 November 1913 -- 26 February 2009) was an actor, director and author.	Ruth Spalding	26 February 2009
date of death	Geoffrey Font, Irish centenarian, (1709--1814) According to James Hardiman, Font's family - one of the Tribes of Galway - ``settled in Galway in the beginning of the fifteenth century, they sprung from an ancient English family of Leicestershire'' (p. 13).	Geoffrey Font	1814
date of death	Oberst Helmut Lent (13 June 1918 -- 7 October 1944) was a German night-fighter ace in World War II. Lent shot down 110 aircraft, 102 of them at night, far more than the minimum of five enemy aircraft required for the title of ``ace''.	Helmut Lent	7 October 1944
date of death	Johann Wilhelm Adolf Hansemann (14 May 1784, Finkenwerder Hamburg-- 26 July 1862, Diepholz) was a German entomologist and insect dealer.	Johann Wilhelm Adolf Hansemann	26 July 1862
date of death	Ma Sui (馬燧) (726 -- September 4, 795), courtesy name Xunmei (洵美), formally Prince Zhuangwu of Beiping (北平莊武王), was a Chinese general who served during the Tang dynasty.	Ma Sui	795
date of death	The next day, 20 December 1891, Stairs sent his second-in-command, Belgian Lieutenant Omer Bodson with de Bonchamps and 100 askaris to arrest Msiri.	Msiri	20 December 1891
date of death	Christopher Henrik Holfeldt Tostrup (born 20 September 1804 in Hjelmeland, died 17 October 1881 in Christiania) was a Norwegian timber merchant and land-owner.	Christopher Henrik Holfeldt Tostrup	17 October 1881
date of death	Claudio Angelini (29 March 1943 -- 2 June 2015) was president of the Dante Alighieri Society in New York, U.S. political correspondent for RAI, the Italian national television network and was President Emeritus of RAI Corporation.	Claudio Angelini	2 June 2015
date of death	Peter Sedgwick (1934--1983) was a translator of Victor Serge, author of a number of books including PsychoPolitics and a revolutionary socialist activist.	Peter Sedgwick	1983
date of death	José Gerson da Cunha (2 February 1844 -- 3 August 1900) was a Goan physician who achieved international renown as an orientalist, historian, linguist and numismatist.	José Gerson da Cunha	3 August 1900
date of death	Stanisław Rehman (1838--1899), was a city councillor in Kraków, Poland.	Stanisław Rehman	1899
date of death	William Mackintire Salter (1853--1931) was the author of several books on philosophy and a critical and enduring major classic on Nietzsche.	William Mackintire Salter	1931
date of death	Kostas Lazaridis (1900--1943) was a famous Greek trade unionist.	Kostas Lazaridis	1943
date of death	John Gordon, 1st Viscount of Kenmure (1599--1634) was a Scottish nobleman, renowned Presbyterian, and founder of the town of New Galloway.	John Gordon, 1st Viscount of Kenmure	1634
date of death	Gilbert de Clare, 8th Earl of Gloucester, 7th Earl of Hertford, 10th Lord of Clare, 5th Lord of Glamorgan (c. 10 May 1291 -- 24 June 1314) was an English nobleman and a military commander in the Scottish Wars.	Gilbert de Clare, 8th Earl of Gloucester	24 June 1314
date of death	Victor-Amédée Lebesgue, sometimes written Le Besgue, (2 October 1791, Grandvilliers (Oise) -- 10 June 1875, Bordeaux (Gironde)) was a mathematician working on number theory.	Victor-Amédée Lebesgue	10 June 1875
date of death	Federico José María Ronstadt (1868 - 1954) was a business and cultural leader in Tucson, Arizona, USA, in the early 20th century.	Federico José María Ronstadt	1954
date of death	Thomas P. Rona (1923--1997) was a 1980s era science advisor to the Defense Department and the White House under Presidents Reagan and Bush.	Thomas P. Rona	1997
date of death	Sir Thomas Whorwood (1544--1616) was a Staffordshire landowner, Member of the English Parliament and High Sheriff of Staffordshire.	Thomas Whorwood	1616
date of death	On 17 December 1917, in the early hours, Ernst Leman was shot in the head.	Ernst Leman	17 December 1917
date of death	Lars Magnus Ericsson (5 May 1846 -- 17 December 1926) was a Swedish inventor, entrepreneur and founder of telephone equipment manufacturer Ericsson (incorporated as Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson).	Lars Magnus Ericsson	17 December 1926
date of death	Norman Cameron (1905--1953) was a Scottish poet, distantly related to Thomas Babington, Lord Macaulay who, between the two world wars, associated on Majorca with Robert Graves and Laura Riding.	Norman Cameron	1953
date of death	Dan Patch lived in Minnesota from 1902 until his death on 11 July 1916.	Dan Patch	11 July 1916
date of death	Paul Thiene (1880--1971) was a German-born American landscape architect.	Paul Thiene	1971
date of death	Ayhan Şahenk (11 June 1929, Niğde -- 1 April 2001, İstanbul) founder of Doğuş Holding, Turkish businessman.	Ayhan Şahenk	1 April 2001
date of death	Albert II, Count of Hoya (1526 -- 18 March 1563) was the ruling Count of Hoya from 1545 until his death.	Albert II, Count of Hoya	18 March 1563
date of death	Colin Ireland (16 March 1954 -- 21 February 2012) was a British serial killer known as the Gay Slayer because his victims were homosexual men.	Colin Ireland	21 February 2012
date of death	Sir William Bellingham, 1st Baronet (c. 1756 -- 27 October 1826) was an Irish-born British politician and the controller of the storekeepers' accounts for the Royal Navy.	Sir William Bellingham, 1st Baronet	1826
date of death	Lord William Campbell (ca. 1731 -- 4 September 1778) was from a Scottish family loyal to the British Crown.	Lord William Campbell	1778
date of death	Muiris Ó Rócháin (Dingle, 1944 -- Milltown Malbay, 17 October 2011) was a teacher, director of the Willie Clancy Summer School, president of Oireachtas na Gaeilge and folk collector.	Muiris Ó Rócháin	17 October 2011
date of death	Julius Nicolaysen (31 July 1831 -- 25 December 1909) was a Norwegian professor of medicine.	Julius Nicolaysen	25 December 1909
date of death	Gwilym Ellis Lane Owen (18 May 1922 -- 10 July 1982), who published as G. E. L. Owen, was a Welsh philosopher, concerned with the history of Ancient Greek philosophy.	Gwilym Ellis Lane Owen	10 July 1982
date of death	Yizhar Harari (Hebrew: יזהר הררי‎, 16 July 1908 -- 1 February 1978) was a Zionist activist and Israeli politician.	Yizhar Harari	1 February 1978
date of death	Proculus (died c. 281) was a Roman usurper, one of the ``minor pretenders'' according to Historia Augusta; he took the purple against Emperor Probus in 280.	Proculus	281
date of death	Dr. Raymond McClean (c. 1932 -- 29 January 2011) was an Irish nationalist politician and physician.	Raymond McClean	29 January 2011
date of death	Alexander Malcolm Jacob (1849 in Izmir, Turkey -- 1921) was a diamond and gemstone trader in Shimla.	Alexander Malcolm Jacob	1921
date of death	Louis Leo Snyder (4 July 1907 -- 25 November 1993) was an American-born German scholar who witnessed the Nazi mass meetings and wrote about them in Hitlerism:	Louis Leo Snyder	25 November 1993
date of death	Irving Underhill (1872--1960) was one of the most notable commercial photographers in New York City during the first half of the 20th century.	Irving Underhill	1960
date of death	Julius Klengel (24 September 1859 -- 27 October 1933) was a German cellist who is most famous for his etudes and solo pieces written for the instrument.	Julius Klengel	27 October 1933
date of death	Gallus Guggumos, probably Guggenmoos or Guggenmoser, (c. 1590 -- c. 1666) was a German composer.	Gallus Guggumos	1666
date of death	Michel de Sèvre or de Seurre (active 1539--1593), Knight of St John, was a French courtier and diplomat, Grand Master of the Order of Saint Lazarus 1564--1578 and 1586--1593.	Michel de Sèvre	1593
date of death	Jagadhekamalla III (r. 1164--1183 CE) succeeded Tailapa III to the highly diminished Western Chalukya empire.	Jagadhekamalla III	1183
date of death	John Thomson Mason (15 March 1765 -- 10 December 1824) was an American jurist and Attorney General of Maryland in 1806.	John Thomson Mason	10 December 1824
date of death	Eve Garnett (9 January 1900 -- 5 April 1991) was an English writer and illustrator.	Eve Garnett	5 April 1991
date of death	Blessed Pietro Pettinaio (c. 1189 - 4 December 1289) was an Italian Roman Catholic who worked as a comb-maker.	Pietro Pettinaio	4 December 1289
date of death	Radamés Gnattali (27 January 1906 -- 3 February 1988) was a Brazilian composer of both classical and popular music, as well as a conductor, orchestrator, and arranger.	Radamés Gnattali	3 February 1988
date of death	John Joseph Saunders (17 June 1910 -- 25 November 1972) was a British historian whose work focused on medieval Islamic and Asian history.	John Joseph Saunders	25 November 1972
date of death	Peder Hjermann (1 December 1754 -- 25 December 1834) was a farmer and elected official who served as a representative at the Norwegian Constitutional Assembly.	Peder Hjermann	25 December 1834
date of death	Gerald Howat (12 June 1928 -- 10 October 2007), born Gerald Malcolm David Howat, was a British writer on cricket, a historian and a schoolmaster.	Gerald Howat	10 October 2007
date of death	Martín Casimiro Martínez Fagalde, usually known as Martín C. Martínez (22 February 1859 - 21 January 1946) was a Uruguayan lawyer and politician.	Martín C. Martínez	21 January 1946
date of death	John Newdigate (1600 - 29 November 1642) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1628 to 1629.	John Newdigate	29 November 1642
date of death	Gnaeus Cornelius Lentulus Augur (c. 54 BC -- 25 AD) was a politician and general of the early Roman Empire, who became consul in 14 BC. Enormously wealthy, he was reputedly forced by the emperor Tiberius to commit suicide in 25 AD.	Gnaeus Cornelius Lentulus Augur	25
date of death	Major General Liam Tobin (born William Joseph Tobin; 1895 - 30 April 1963) was an officer in the Irish Army and the instigator of an Army Mutiny in March 1924.	Liam Tobin	30 April 1963
date of death	Harald Julius von Bosse (1812--1894; Гаральд Юлиус Боссе) was a 19th-century architect and painter.	Harald Julius von Bosse	1894
date of death	Brigitte Varangot (1 May 1940 -- 12 October 2007) was a French amateur golfer.	Brigitte Varangot	12 October 2007
date of death	Nat Riddles (4 February 1952 -- 11 August 1991) was a blues harmonica player who played an important role in the New York blues scene during the late 1970s to mid-1980s.	Nat Riddles	1991
date of death	Yeruham Meshel (Hebrew: ירוחם משל‎‎, born 24 November 1912, died 27 November 2002) was an Israeli union leader and politician who served as head of the Histadrut from 1973 until 1984, and as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment between 1977 and 1984.	Yeruham Meshel	27 November 2002
date of death	Evarts Boutell Greene (1870--1947) was an American historian, born in Kobe, Japan, where his parents were missionaries.	Evarts Boutell Greene	1947
date of death	Hans Wendlandt (18 January 1918 - 20 February 1978) is a German former football player and manager.	Hans Wendlandt	20 February 1978
date of death	Elihu Phinney (1756--1813) was the first printer in Cooperstown, New York.	Elihu Phinney	1813
date of death	Grgur Branković (1415 -- 16 October 1459) was a 15th-century Serbian nobleman.	Grgur Branković	16 October 1459
date of death	Antipope Paschal III (or Paschal III) was Antipope from 1164 to 20 September 1168.	Antipope Paschal III	1168
date of death	Jacques Gilles Henri Goguet (11 March 1767 -- 21 April 1794) rose to command a French division during the French Revolutionary Wars before he was assassinated by his own soldiers after a defeat.	Jacques Gilles Henri Goguet	21 April 1794
date of death	Sir James Alfred Jacoby (1852--1909) was a Nottingham lace manufacturer and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1909.	James Alfred Jacoby	1909
date of death	Colonel Sir Edward Rossiter (1618--1669) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1646 and 1660.	Edward Rossiter	1669
date of death	Mary Dendy (28 January 1855 - 9 May 1933) was a promoter of residential schools for mentally handicapped people, i.e. institutionalisation.	Mary Dendy	9 May 1933
date of death	Cyril Andresen (1929 -- 1977) was a Danish competitive sailor and Olympic medalist.	Cyril Andresen	1977
date of death	Daniel Featley, also called Fairclough and sometimes called Richard Fairclough/Featley (15 March 1582 -- 17 April 1645), was an English theologian and controversialist.	Daniel Featley	17 April 1645
date of death	Maria Antonietta Beluzzi (26 July 1930 -- 9 August 1997) was an Italian actress who appeared in a number of films in her native country.	Maria Antonietta Beluzzi	9 August 1997
date of death	Euphemia Stewart, Countess of Strathearn (died c. 1434) was a medieval Scottish noblewoman, the daughter of David Stewart, Earl Palatine of Strathearn and Caithness.	Euphemia Stewart, Countess of Strathearn	1434
date of death	Guy Carleton Phinney (1851--1893) was a real estate developer in Seattle.	Guy Carleton Phinney	1893
date of death	Richard Baynard (ca. 1371--7 January 1434) was an English administrator, MP and Speaker of the House of Commons of England in 1421.	Richard Baynard	7 January 1434
date of death	Alexandre Denguet Atiki (1937? -- 30 January 2013) was a Congolese politician.	Alexandre Denguet Atiki	30 January 2013
date of death	Justice T Paramasiva Iyer (1863--1943) was an Indian vedic scholar, writer and a District and Sessions Judge of Bangalore during the period of Maharaja Chamarajendra Wadiyar X and later went on to become the Chief Justice of the Mysore High Court.	T Paramasiva Iyer	1943
date of death	István Bató (1812--1890) was a prominent citizen of the Northern Hungarian city of Miskolc in the 19th century.	István Bató	1890
date of death	Abraham Chazan (1849 -- 1917) was a rabbi and key figure in the transmission of Breslover Hasidut at the turn of the 20th century.	Abraham Chazan	1917
date of death	Friedrich-Wilhelm von Chappuis (13 September 1886 -- 27 August 1942) was a General der Infanterie who commanded the XXXVIII.	Friedrich-Wilhelm von Chappuis	27 August 1942
date of death	Ivar Huitfeldt (5 December 1665 -- 4 October 1710) was a Dano-Norwegian naval officer who was killed in action, when he commanded the ship Dannebroge during Great Northern War 1700--1721.	Ivar Huitfeldt	4 October 1710
date of death	Gao Xu (Chinese: 高旭; pinyin: Gāo Xù; Wade--Giles: Kao Hsü/Kao Hsu; 1877－1925), was a Chinese poet, writer, revolutionary, political activist.	Gao Xu	1925
date of death	David Mannes (16 February 1866 -- 25 April 1959) was an American violinist, conductor, educator, and community organizer.	David Mannes	25 April 1959
date of death	Horace Pitt-Rivers, 6th Baron Rivers (12 April 1814 -- 3 March 1880), known as Horace Beckford until 1828 and Hon. Horace Pitt from 1828 until 1867, was a British peer and army officer.	Horace Pitt-Rivers, 6th Baron Rivers	3 March 1880
date of death	Ricardo Sepúlveda (19 May 1941 -- 3 February 2014) was a Chilean football (soccer) manager and player.	Ricardo Sepúlveda	3 February 2014
date of death	Cassian Sakowicz, also known as Kasjan Sakowicz, (born 1578 in Podteliszu near Lubaczów, d. 1647 in Krakow) was an Orthodox activist and, later, a Catholic theologian, writer, and polemicist.	Cassian Sakowicz	1647
date of death	Alfred Meeson (1808 -- 12 January 1885) was a British architect and surveyor.	Alfred Meeson	1885
date of death	John T. Power (1883 -- 1 February 1982) was an Irish hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Kilkenny senior team.	John T. Power	1 February 1982
date of death	Pedro Ignacio de Castro Barros (31 July 1777 -- 7 April 1849) was an Argentine statesman and priest.	Pedro Ignacio de Castro Barros	7 April 1849
date of death	Kristine Miller (June 13, 1925 -- 2015) was an American film actress, known for her appearances in film noir and Westerns.	Kristine Miller	2015
date of death	Stephen Codman (c. 1796 -- 6 October 1852) was a Canadian composer of English descent.	Stephen Codman	1852
date of death	Cal Chamberlain (April 21, 1968 -- c. July 25, 2008), born Mark Chamberlain, was an artist and Internet pioneer based out of New York City.	Cal Chamberlain	2008
date of death	Jim McCoy (29 August 1875 -- 8 February 1913) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jim McCoy	8 February 1913
date of death	Gualberto José Antonio Rodríguez Larreta Ferreira (14 December 1922 -- 19 August 2015), better known as Antonio Larreta or Taco Larreta, was a Uruguayan writer, critic and actor.	Antonio Larreta	19 August 2015
date of death	Avraham Tiar (Hebrew: אברהם טיאר‎‎ 29 January 1924 -- 25 April 2011) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Herut, Gahal and the Free Centre between 1961 and 1969.	Avraham Tiar	25 April 2011
date of death	Sir Edward Morgan, 1st Baronet of Llantarnam (died 24 June 1653) was a Roman Catholic supporter of Charles I during the Bishops' War and the English Civil War.	Sir Edward Morgan, 1st Baronet	24 June 1653
date of death	Josef Erber (birth name: Josef Houstek) (16 October 1897 in Ottendorf -- 1987) was an SS-Oberscharführer at Auschwitz concentration camp.	Josef Erber	1987
date of death	Corrado Bafile (4 July 1903 -- 3 February 2005) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Prefect of the Congregation for the Causes of Saints from 1975 to 1980, and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1976.	Corrado Bafile	3 February 2005
date of death	Iago ab Idwal was a King of Gwynedd (r. 950 -- 979) and possibly Powys.	Iago ab Idwal	979
date of death	Oberleutnant zur See Reinhold Saltzwedel (23 November 1889 -- 2 December 1917) was a successful and highly decorated German U-boat commander in the Kaiserliche Marine during World War I. Saltzwedel sank a total of 111 merchant vessels for 170,526 gross register tons (GRT).	Reinhold Saltzwedel	2 December 1917
date of death	Jean-Baptiste Stahl (German: Johann Baptist Stahl) (20 June 1869 -- 31 January 1932) was the inventor and designer of the Phanolith.	Jean-Baptiste Stahl	31 January 1932
date of death	Amrit Keshav Nayak (1877 -- 18 July 1907) was a theatre actor, director of Parsi theatre, lyricist and Gujarati author.	Amrit Keshav Nayak	18 July 1907
date of death	Gertrude of Sulzbach (German: Gertrud von Sulzbach; c. 1110 -- 14 April 1146) was Queen consort of Germany from 1138 until her death, as second wife of the Hohenstaufen king Conrad III.	Gertrude of Sulzbach	14 April 1146
date of death	Julio César Grauert (1902--1933) was a Uruguayan journalist and political figure.	Julio César Grauert	1933
date of death	Christian Friedrich von Kahlbutz (1651 in Kampehl, Brandenburg -- 1702 in Kampehl) was a German knight, who is today most famous because of the state of preservation of his body; no noticeable mummification process was used upon his death.	Christian Friedrich von Kahlbutz	1702
date of death	Raj Singh I (24 September 1629 - 22 October 1680), was the Maharana of Mewar Kingdom (r. 1652 - 1680).	Raj Singh I	22 October 1680
date of death	Werner Streib (13 June 1911 -- 15 June 1986) was a German Luftwaffe fighter ace during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub und Schwertern).	Werner Streib	15 June 1986
date of death	Richard Bingham, 2nd Earl of Lucan (4 December 1764 -- 30 June 1839), styled The Honourable from 1776 to 1795 and subsequently Lord Bingham until 1799, was an Irish peer and Tory politician.	Richard Bingham, 2nd Earl of Lucan	30 June 1839
date of death	William B. Van Ingen (1858--1955) was a stained glass artist and painter perhaps best known for his Panama Canal murals.	William B. Van Ingen	1955
date of death	Gustav Steinbrecht (1808--1885) is considered one of the masters of dressage.	Gustav Steinbrecht	1885
date of death	Henry Grey, 1st Duke of Kent, KG PC (1671 -- 5 June 1740) was a British politician and courtier.	Henry Grey, 1st Duke of Kent	5 June 1740
date of death	Maurice Christopher Hollis, known as Christopher Hollis (2 December 1902 -- 5 May 1977) was a British schoolmaster, university teacher, author and Conservative politician.	Christopher Hollis	5 May 1977
date of death	Norman Hampson (8 April 1922 in Manchester, England -- 8 July 2011 in York) was the Professor of History at the University of York from 1974 to 1989.	Norman Hampson	8 July 2011
date of death	Roland Godin (11 October 1926 -- 22 June 2009) was a Ralliement créditiste and Social Credit party member of the Canadian House of Commons.	Roland Godin	22 June 2009
date of death	Johann Rudolf, Count Chotek of Chotkow and Wognin (German: Johann Nepomuk Rudolph Graf Chotek von Chotkow und Wognin; 18 May 1748 -- 26 August 1824) was an Austrian finance minister and Government President (Gubernialpräsident) in the Kingdom of Bohemia.	Johann Rudolf, Count Chotek of Chotkow and Wognin	26 August 1824
date of death	Liu Dongsheng (Chinese: 劉東生, 刘东生; 1917--2008) was a Chinese geologist and archaeologist.	Liu Dongsheng	2008
date of death	Brian Morgan Edwards (August 1934 -- December 2002) was an expert computer salesman, a prominent supporter of Plaid Cymru and a Welsh businessman who sponsored the first Welsh-language recording studio for popular music.	Brian Morgan Edwards	December 2002
date of death	Benjamín Herrera (1853-1924) was a Colombian politician and general.	Benjamín Herrera	1924
date of death	Raden Agustinus Suhardi (1899--1988) was a professor at Gadjah Mada University and first Agrarian Minister of Indonesia.	Agustinus Suhardi	1988
director	The Hero of the Hour is a 1917 American silent Western film directed by Raymond Wells.	The Hero of the Hour	Raymond Wells
director	Broken Vessels is a 1998 medical drama film directed by Scott Ziehl and written by Ziehl along with David Baer and John McMahon.	Broken Vessels	Scott Ziehl
director	No Trees in the Street is a 1959 British crime thriller directed by J. Lee Thompson and written by Ted Willis, from his 1948 stage play of the same name.	No Trees in the Street	J. Lee Thompson
director	Chandamama Kathalu Volume 1 is a 2014 Telugu, anthology film directed by Praveen Sattaru and produced by Chanakya Bhooneti.	Chandamama Kathalu	Praveen Sattaru
director	Lines of Wellington (Portuguese: Linhas de Wellington) is a 2012 Franco-Portuguese epic war film and television series prepared by Chilean director Raúl Ruiz and completed by his widow Valeria Sarmiento.	Lines of Wellington	Valeria Sarmiento
director	I Love You, Baby is a 2000 German action thriller movie directed by Nick Lyon with Jasmin Gerat, Mark Keller, Maximilian Schell and Burkhard Driest in the lead.	I Love You, Baby	Nick Lyon
director	Sano Sansar (Nepali: सानो संसार, translation: Small World) is a 2008 Nepali romantic comedy film directed by Alok Nembang.	Sano Sansar	Alok Nembang
director	Roll Up Your Sleeves is an Irish documentary about do-it-yourself counterculture directed by Dylan Haskins.	Roll Up Your Sleeves	Dylan Haskins
director	Au rendez-vous de la mort joyeuse is a 1973 horror film directed by Juan Luis Buñuel (the son of Luis Buñuel).	Au rendez-vous de la mort joyeuse	Juan Luis Buñuel
director	Within the Whirlwind is a 2009 film directed by Marleen Gorris and based on the book by Eugenia Ginzburg.	Within the Whirlwind	Marleen Gorris
director	Harry + Max (alternate title Harry and Max), is a 2004 American drama film directed by Christopher Münch.	Harry + Max	Christopher Münch
director	Munde Kamaal De (Punjabi:ਮੁੰਡੇ ਕਮਾਲ ਦੇ) is a Punjabi comedy film directed by Amit Prasher and written by Naresh Kathuria.	Munde Kamaal De	Amit Prasher
director	Fuelling Poverty is a 2012 Nigerian Documentary by Ishaya Bako that narrates the activities of the Occupy Nigeria movement when it was at its climax in early 2012.	Fuelling Poverty	Ishaya Bako
director	Freud's Leaving Home (Swedish: Freud flyttar hemifrån...) is a 1991 Swedish comedy film, directed by Susanne Bier.	Freud's Leaving Home	Susanne Bier
director	The Gate of Heavenly Peace (Chinese: 天安门; pinyin: Tiānānmén) is a 1995 documentary film, produced by Richard Gordon and Carma Hinton, about the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989.	The Gate of Heavenly Peace	Carma Hinton
director	The Affairs of Martha is a 1942 American romantic comedy film directed by Jules Dassin and written by Isobel Lennart based on her story.	The Affairs of Martha	Jules Dassin
director	Katthegalu Saar Katthegalu (Kannada: ಕತ್ತೆಗಳು ಸಾರ್ ಕತ್ತೆಗಳು) is a 2003 Indian Kannada comedy film directed by Rajendra Singh Babu.	Katthegalu Saar Katthegalu	Rajendra Singh Babu
director	Piercing I is a 2010 Chinese animated film directed by Liu Jian.	Piercing I	Liu Jian
director	The Final Girls is a 2015 American slasher comedy film, directed by Todd Strauss-Schulson and written by M.A. Fortin and Joshua John Miller.	The Final Girls	Todd Strauss-Schulson
director	Hridayathil Sookshikkan (English: To be careful of your heart) is a 2005 Malayalam film directed by debutant Rajesh Pillai.	Hridayathil Sookshikkan	Rajesh Pillai
director	A Railway Collision (also known as A Railroad Wreck) is a 1900 British short silent drama film, directed by Walter R. Booth and produced by Robert W. Paul.	A Railway Collision	Walter R. Booth
director	Il lumacone (The Big Snail) is a 1974 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Paolo Cavara.	Il lumacone	Paolo Cavara
director	Nanna Prathigne (Kannada: ನನ್ನ ಪ್ರತಿಜ್ಞೆ) is a 1985 Indian Kannada film, directed by K. S. R. Das and produced by Padmanabham.	Nanna Prathigne	K. S. R. Das
director	Mrs. Tutti Frutti is a 1921 Austrian silent film directed by Michael Curtiz.	Mrs. Tutti Frutti	Michael Curtiz
director	The Devil's Circus is a 1926 silent drama film directed by Danish director Benjamin Christensen, based upon his screenplay.	The Devil's Circus	Benjamin Christensen
director	Everybody's Hobby is a 1939 American comedy film directed by William C. McGann and written by Kenneth Gamet and William W. Brockway.	Everybody's Hobby	William C. McGann
director	Sven Klang's Combo (Swedish: Sven Klangs kvintett) is a 1976 Swedish film, directed by Stellan Olsson.	Sven Klang's Combo	Stellan Olsson
director	No Mercy, No Future (German: Die Berührte) is a 1981 West German drama film directed by Helma Sanders-Brahms.	No Mercy, No Future	Helma Sanders-Brahms
director	The Sweet House of Horrors (in original Italian, La dolce casa degli orrori) is a 1989 Italian horror film directed by Lucio Fulci.	The Sweet House of Horrors	Lucio Fulci
director	Chirag Kahan Roshni Kahan (Hindi: चिराग कहाँ रोशनी कहाँ ; English: Where is the lamp, where is the light) is a 1959 Indian Bollywood film directed and produced by Devendra Goel.	Chirag Kahan Roshni Kahan	Devendra Goel
director	Bor Asbe Ekhuni (Bengali: বর আসবে এখুনি) is a 2008 Bengali film by Rangan Chakraborty.	Bor Asbe Ekhuni	Rangan Chakraborty
director	Without Compassion (Spanish: Sin compasión) is a 1994 Peruvian drama film directed by Francisco José Lombardi, and based on Crime and Punishment, by Fyodor Dostoyevsky.	Without Compassion	Francisco José Lombardi
director	When Men Betray is a 1929 race film directed, written, produced and distributed by Oscar Micheaux.	When Men Betray	Oscar Micheaux
director	Tomorrow I'll Wake Up and Scald Myself with Tea (Czech: Zítra vstanu a opařím se čajem) is a 1977 Czechoslovak comical science fiction film directed by Jindřich Polák.	Tomorrow I'll Wake Up and Scald Myself with Tea	Jindřich Polák
director	Stateline Motel (Italian: L'ultima chance, also known as Last Chance, Motel of Fear and Last Chance for a Born Loser) is a 1973 Italian crime film directed by Maurizio Lucidi.	Stateline Motel	Maurizio Lucidi
director	Il cavaliere misterioso (also known as The Mysterious Cavalier and The Mysterious Rider) is a 1948 Italian historical-adventure film directed by Riccardo Freda.	Il cavaliere misterioso	Riccardo Freda
director	Pietà per chi cade (i. e. ``Compassion for those who fall'') is a 1954 Italian melodrama film written and directed by Mario Costa and starring Amedeo Nazzari, Antonella Lualdi and Nadia Gray.	Pietà per chi cade	Mario Costa
director	Cry of the Innocent is a 1980 American-Irish television film directed by Michael O'Herlihy and starring Rod Taylor, Joanna Pettet and Nigel Davenport.	Cry of the Innocent	Michael O'Herlihy
director	Cold Souls is a 2009 comedy-drama film written and directed by Sophie Barthes.	Cold Souls	Sophie Barthes
director	At the End of the Night (Italian: Alla fine della notte) is a 2003 Italian drama film directed by Salvatore Piscicelli.	At the End of the Night	Salvatore Piscicelli
director	Vennela 1 1/2 (Telugu: వెన్నెల 1 1/2) is a 2012 Telugu Film Directed by Comedian Vennela Kishore and produced by Vasu & Varma on GR8 Films Banner.	Vennela 1 1/2	Vennela Kishore
director	Magic Temple is a 1996 Filipino family-fantasy-adventure film directed by the acclaimed director Peque Gallaga and released by Star Cinema.	Magic Temple	Peque Gallaga
director	Butterfly on the Shoulder (or Un papillon sur l'épaule) is a French drama, thriller film directed by Jacques Deray.	Butterfly on the Shoulder	Jacques Deray
director	Watchers 3 is the 1994 sequel to the horror film Watchers directed by Jeremy Stanford.	Watchers 3	Jeremy Stanford
director	Anubavam Pudhumai (Tamil: அனுபவம் புதுமை) is a 1967 Indian Tamil film, directed by C. V. Rajendran and produced by T. S. Sethuraman, K. N. Shanmugam and A. R. Thiyagarajan.	Anubavam Pudhumai	C. V. Rajendran
director	Bombay Velvet is a 2015 Indian period crime drama film directed and co-produced by Anurag Kashyap, based on historian Gyan Prakash's book Mumbai Fables.	Bombay Velvet	Anurag Kashyap
director	Cinderella Man is a 2005 American drama film by Ron Howard, titled after the nickname of heavyweight boxing champion James J. Braddock and inspired by his life story.	Cinderella Man	Ron Howard
director	The Sea Vultures (Swedish: Havsgamar and also known as Predators of the Sea) is a 1916 Swedish silent drama film directed by Victor Sjöström.	The Sea Vultures	Victor Sjöström
director	That Kind of Woman (1959) is an American drama film directed by Sidney Lumet, who was nominated for the Golden Bear at the 9th Berlin International Film Festival.	That Kind of Woman	Sidney Lumet
director	Nalla is a 2004 Kannada romance-drama film directed by V. Nagendra Prasad featuring Sudeep and Sangeetha in the lead roles.	Nalla	V. Nagendra Prasad
director	Aguner Poroshmoni is a 1994 film based on the novel of the same name written and directed by Humayun Ahmed.	Aguner Poroshmoni	Humayun Ahmed
director	Images of Liberation (Danish: Befrielsesbilleder) is a 1982 Danish drama film directed by Lars von Trier.	Images of Liberation	Lars von Trier
director	Bikini Cavegirl (also known as Teenage Cavegirl) is a softcore pornographic film made by Fred Olen Ray under the pseudonyms ``Nicholas Medina'' and ``Sherman Scott''.	Bikini Cavegirl	Fred Olen Ray
director	Lyrical Nitrate (Dutch: Lyrisch Nitraat) is a 1991 collage film by Peter Delpeut.	Lyrical Nitrate	Peter Delpeut
director	Talk About a Stranger is a 1952 American film noir released in and directed by David Bradley.	Talk About a Stranger	David Bradley
director	Gohine Shobdo (Bengali: গহীনে শব্দ) is a 2010 Bangladeshi film directed by Khalid Mahmood Mithu.	Gohine Shobdo	Khalid Mahmood Mithu
director	Y2K (Athoba, 'Sex Krome Aasitechhe') is a 2000 Bengali short film from Satyajit Ray Film and Television Institute, written and directed by Chandril Bhattacharya.	Y2K (Athoba, 'Sex Krome Aasitechhe')	Chandril Bhattacharya
director	Oh Islam (Arabic: وا اسلاماه‎, translit. Wa Islamah, and also released as Love and Faith) is a 1961 Egyptian drama film directed by Enrico Bomba and Andrew Marton.	Oh Islam	Enrico Bomba	Andrew Marton
director	Fighter Attack is a 1953 American World War II film directed by Lesley Selander.	Fighter Attack	Lesley Selander
director	The Day Passed (Azerbaijani: Gün Keçdi) is a 1971 Azerbaijani romantic drama film directed by Arif Babayev.	The Day Passed	Arif Babayev
director	The Silences of the Palace (Tunisian Arabic: صمت القصور, Samt el qusur‎) is a 1994 Tunisian film written and directed by Moufida Tlatli.	The Silences of the Palace	Moufida Tlatli
director	Shudhu Tomari Jonyo (Bengali: শুধু তোমারই জন্য; lang-eng) is a Bengali romantic drama film directed by Birsa Dasgupta and produced by Shree Venkatesh Films.	Shudhu Tomari Jonyo	Birsa Dasgupta
director	Le Chevalier des Neiges, known in English as The Knight of the Snows or The Knight of the Snow, is a 1912 French silent film directed by Georges Méliès.	The Knight of the Snows	Georges Méliès
director	Iron Warrior (aka Ator 3: Iron Warrior) is the third installment in the 4-film Ator film series, and the first not to be directed by Joe D'Amato (instead it was directed by Alfonso Brescia).	Iron Warrior	Alfonso Brescia
director	The Denial is a 1925 American silent drama film directed by Hobart Henley.	The Denial	Hobart Henley
director	Hotel alojamiento is a 1966 Argentine film comedy written by Augusto Giustozzi and Horacio de Dios and directed by Fernando Ayala.	Hotel alojamiento	Fernando Ayala
director	Lo sai che i papaveri is a 1952 Italian comedy film by Vittorio Metz and Marcello Marchesi.	Lo sai che i papaveri	Vittorio Metz	Marcello Marchesi
director	The Orphan Killer is a 2011 independent horror film written and directed by Matt Farnsworth.	The Orphan Killer	Matt Farnsworth
director	Full Metal Yakuza is a 1997 Japanese action and satire film directed by Takashi Miike.	Full Metal Yakuza	Takashi Miike
director	Searchers 2.0 is a 2007 road film directed by Alex Cox.	Searchers 2.0	Alex Cox
director	Of the Flesh (Tagalog: Karnal) is a 1983 Philippine drama film directed by Marilou Diaz-Abaya.	Of the Flesh	Marilou Diaz-Abaya
director	Lewat Djam Malam (shown internationally as After the Curfew) is a 1954 Indonesian film directed by Usmar Ismail and written by Asrul Sani.	Lewat Djam Malam	Usmar Ismail
director	Open Hearts (Danish: Elsker dig for evigt), is a 2002 Danish drama film directed by Susanne Bier using the minimalist filmmaking techniques of the Dogme 95 manifesto.	Open Hearts	Susanne Bier
director	Sweet Crude is a documentary film by Sandy Cioffi about Nigeria's oil-rich Niger Delta.	Sweet Crude	Sandy Cioffi
director	Where Is Fred? (German: Wo ist Fred?), also credited as Where Is Fred!?, is a 2006 German film directed by Anno Saul, and produced by Philip Voges and Eberhard Junkersdorf.	Where Is Fred?	Anno Saul
director	Rowdy Alludu (English: Rowdy son-in-law) is a 1991 Tollywood action comedy film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao.	Rowdy Alludu	K. Raghavendra Rao
director	Family Way (Dutch: Alles is familie; literally: ``Everything is Family'') is a 2012 Dutch comedy film directed by Joram Lürsen.	Family Way	Joram Lürsen
director	Chakra Theertha (Kannada: ಚಕ್ರತೀರ್ಥ) is a 1967 Indian Kannada film, directed by Peketi Sivaram.	Chakra Theertha	Peketi Sivaram
director	American Scary is a 2006 American documentary film about the history and legacy of classic television horror hosts, written and directed by American independent filmmakers John E. Hudgens and Sandy Clark.	American Scary	John E. Hudgens
director	The Ballroom (Portuguese: Chega de Saudade) is a 2007 Brazilian-French romantic drama film directed by Laís Bodanzky.	The Ballroom	Laís Bodanzky
director	Sidila Mari (Kannada: ಸಿಡಿಲ ಮರಿ) is a 1971 Indian Kannada film, directed and produced by B. S. Ranga.	Sidila Mari	B. S. Ranga
director	Nee Thanda Kanike (Kannada: ನೀ ತಂದ ಕಾಣಿಕೆ) is a 1985 Indian Kannada film, directed by Dwarakish and produced by Dwarakish.	Nee Thanda Kanike	Dwarakish
director	Hay que casar a Paulina is a 1944 Argentine film directed by Manuel Romero.	Hay que casar a Paulina	Manuel Romero
director	The Paymaster's Son is a surviving 1913 silent short drama film directed by Francis Ford and produced by Thomas H. Ince.	The Paymaster's Son	Francis Ford
director	The Jones Family in Hollywood is a 1939 American comedy film directed by Malcolm St. Clair and written by Harold Tarshis.	The Jones Family in Hollywood	Malcolm St. Clair
director	Nothing but Life is a 2004 bilingual English and Malayalam film directed by Rajiv Anchal for an Indian production house dealing with matters of health.	Nothing but Life	Rajiv Anchal
director	Ventriloquist Cat is an MGM animated film, directed by Hollywood director Tex Avery.	Ventriloquist Cat	Tex Avery
director	The Bold Caballero is a 1936 adventure film written and directed by Wells Root.	The Bold Caballero	Wells Root
director	Rainy Dog (Gokudô kuroshakai) is a Japanese movie directed by Takashi Miike.	Rainy Dog	Takashi Miike
director	Spotlight Scandals or Spotlight Revue is a 1943 American musical comedy film directed by William Beaudine.	Spotlight Scandals	William Beaudine
director	Les raquetteurs is a 1958 Direct Cinema documentary film co-directed by Michel Brault and Gilles Groulx.	Les raquetteurs	Michel Brault	Gilles Groulx
director	A Lucky Day (Spanish: Un día de suerte) is a 2002 Argentine-Italian drama film directed by Sandra Gugliotta, in her feature film debut, and written by Gugliotta and Marcelo Schapces.	A Lucky Day	Sandra Gugliotta
director	Rusty Rides Alone is a 1933 American Pre-Code Western film, directed by D. Ross Lederman.	Rusty Rides Alone	D. Ross Lederman
director	Big Request Concert (German: Das große Wunschkonzert) is a 1960 Austrian family film directed by Arthur Maria Rabenalt.	Big Request Concert	Arthur Maria Rabenalt
director	Latinologues is a play written by Rick Najera and directed by Cheech Marin.	Latinologues	Cheech Marin
director	Simple People (Russian: Простые люди) is a 1945 Soviet film directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg.	Simple People	Grigori Kozintsev	Leonid Trauberg
director	Los privilegiados (``The Privileged'') is a 1973 Mexican film directed by Gustavo Alatriste.	Los privilegiados	Gustavo Alatriste
director	Neumi (느미) aka The Deaf Worker is a 1980 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-young.	Neumi	Kim Ki-young
director	Dancemaker is a 1998 American documentary film directed by Matthew Diamond about the career of choreographer Paul Taylor.	Dancemaker	Matthew Diamond
director	Neo Pornographia is a series of pornographic films directed by Michael Ninn and produced by his production company Ninn Worx.	Neo Pornographia	Michael Ninn
director	The Pleasure Pit (French: Les Chemins de Katmandou, Italian: Katmandu, also known as Dirty Dolls in Kathmandu, The Road to Katmandu and Ways of Katmandu) is a 1969 French-Italian crime-drama film written and directed by André Cayatte.	The Pleasure Pit	André Cayatte
director	The Photograph is an Indonesian feature film directed by Nan Achnas.	The Photograph	Nan Achnas
director	Chasing Ice is a 2012 documentary film about the efforts of nature photographer James Balog and his Extreme Ice Survey to publicize the effects of climate change, directed by Jeff Orlowski.	Chasing Ice	Jeff Orlowski
director	¡Vampiros en La Habana! (English title: Vampires in Havana) is a Cuban animated film directed by Juan Padrón.	Vampires in Havana	Juan Padrón
director	Bug Crawls is a short film directed by David Lynch, released in 2007 on the DVD anthology Dynamic:01.	Bug Crawls	David Lynch
director	Shake, Rattle & Roll XV is a 2014 Filipino supernatural horror film directed by Dondon Santos, Jerrold Tarog, and Perci Intalan.	Shake, Rattle & Roll XV	Jerrold Tarog
director	Mask of Desire (Nepali: मुकुण्डो; Mukundo) is a 2000 Nepali film directed by Tsering Rhitar Sherpa.	Mask of Desire	Tsering Rhitar Sherpa
director	Shelter Dogs is a 2003 documentary film directed and produced by Cynthia Wade about animal welfare in the United States and the ethics of animal euthanasia.	Shelter Dogs	Cynthia Wade
director	Nation of Exiles is a 2010 American documentary film written and directed by filmmaker Bavand Karim.	Nation of Exiles	Bavand Karim
director	La Séparation is a 1994 French romantic drama film directed by Christian Vincent and based on the novel La Séparation by Dan Franck.	La Séparation	Christian Vincent
director	Dog Treat (Chinese: 狗請客) is a black and white Chinese animation made in 1924 by Wan Laiming and Wan Guchan.	Dog Treat	Wan Laiming	Wan Guchan
director	Zamaana Deewana (English: Crazy World) is a 1995 Hindi comedy movie produced by G. P. Sippy on Sippy Films banner and directed by Ramesh Sippy.	Zamaana Deewana	Ramesh Sippy
director	Knight-mare Hare is a 1955 animated cartoon short released by Warner Bros. Cartoons in the Merrie Melodies series, directed by Chuck Jones and written by Tedd Pierce.	Knight-mare Hare	Chuck Jones
director	The White Hell (Turkish: Beyaz Cehennem) is a 1954 Turkish crime adventure film directed by Metin Erksan, based on the novel by Peyami Safa.	The White Hell	Metin Erksan
director	Personal Tailor (Chinese: 私人订制) is a 2013 Chinese comedy film directed by Feng Xiaogang and starring Ge You, Bai Baihe, Li Xiaolu and Zheng Kai.	Personal Tailor	Feng Xiaogang
director	The Legend of Hercules is a 2014 American 3D action fantasy film directed by Renny Harlin and written by Daniel Giat and Sean Hood.	The Legend of Hercules	Renny Harlin
director	A Lousy Ten Grand is a 2004 Vanguard Productions movie written by, directed and starring the stand-up comedian Kelly Monteith.	A Lousy Ten Grand	Kelly Monteith
director	Mujrim (Hindi: मुजरिम, Urdu: مجرم, translation: Criminal) is an Indian Bollywood movie released on 28 June 1989, directed by Umesh Mehra.	Mujrim	Umesh Mehra
director	The Exile of Bar-K Ranch is a 1915 American short Western film directed by B. Reeves Eason.	The Exile of Bar-K Ranch	B. Reeves Eason
director	Story from Croatia (Croatian: Priča iz Hrvatske; abroad also distributed under title Idaho Potato, after English-named rock band led by the film's protagonist) is a 1991 Croatian film directed by Krsto Papić.	Story from Croatia	Krsto Papić
director	Three Fingered Jenny is a 1916 American silent short mystery directed by Edward LeSaint written by Harvey Gates.	Three Fingered Jenny	Edward LeSaint
director	Eye of the Stalker (a.k.a. Moment of Truth: Eye of the Stalker and Eye of the Stalker: A Moment of Truth Story) is a 1995 made-for-TV thriller film directed by Reza Badiyi.	Eye of the Stalker	Reza Badiyi
director	La diosa de Tahití (The Goddess of Tahiti) also known as Los chacales de la Isla Verde (The Jackals of Isla Verde), is a Mexican drama film directed by Juan Orol.	La diosa de Tahití	Juan Orol
director	Lost Song is a 2008 film by Canadian director Rodrigue Jean, his third long feature after Full Blast and Yellowknife.	Lost Song	Rodrigue Jean
director	The Invisible Life (Portuguese: A Vida Invisível) is a Portuguese feature length drama film directed by Vítor Gonçalves and produced by the Portuguese production company Rosa Filmes.	The Invisible Life	Vítor Gonçalves
director	Hello Elephant (Italian: Buongiorno, elefante!) is a 1952 Italian comedy film directed by Gianni Franciolini.	Hello Elephant	Gianni Franciolini
director	Kraurya (Kannada: ಕ್ರೌರ್ಯ; English: The Tale of a Storyteller) is a 1996 Indian Kannada language drama film directed by Girish Kasaravalli, based on a story written by T. N. Seetharam about an old woman who has to deal with complex relationships with people of different generations she is put up with.	Kraurya	Girish Kasaravalli
director	Julia's Eyes (Spanish: Los ojos de Julia) is a 2010 Spanish horror film directed by Guillem Morales and written by Morales and Oriol Paulo.	Julia's Eyes	Guillem Morales
director	Idharkuthane Aasaipattai Balakumara (English: Isn't this what you wished for, Balakumara?), also referred to as Idhaaba, is an Indian Tamil comedy film, written and directed by Gokul of Rowthiram fame.	Idharkuthane Aasaipattai Balakumara	Gokul
director	Aaltoska orkaniseeraa (English: Mrs. Aaltonen Organises) was a 1949 Finnish film directed by Edvin Laine and written by Toivo Kauppinen.	Aaltoska orkaniseeraa	Edvin Laine
director	Man in Demand on All Sides (Pán na roztrhání) is a 1934 Czechoslovak film, directed by Miroslav Cikán.	Man in Demand on All Sides	Miroslav Cikán
director	Adam & Eva is a 1997 Swedish romantic comedy film written and directed by Hannes Holm and Måns Herngren.	Adam & Eva	Hannes Holm	Måns Herngren
director	Rentun Ruusu (English: The Rose of the Rascal) is a 2001 Finnish biographical film drama directed and written by Timo Koivusalo.	Rentun Ruusu	Timo Koivusalo
director	Murder on the Campus is a 1933 American Pre-Code mystery film directed by Richard Thorpe.	Murder on the Campus	Richard Thorpe
director	The Temptation of St. Tony (Estonian: Püha Tõnu kiusamine) is a 2009 Estonian film written and directed by Veiko Õunpuu, starring Taavi Eelmaa.	The Temptation of St. Tony	Veiko Õunpuu
director	Sexy Susan Sins Again (German: Frau Wirtin hat auch einen Grafen, Italian: Susanna... ed i suoi dolci vizi alla corte del re) is a 1968 Austrian-Italian costume drama-adventure-sex comedy film directed by Franz Antel.	Sexy Susan Sins Again	Franz Antel
director	The Dance of Life was shot at Paramount's Astoria Studios in Astoria, Queens, and included Technicolor sequences, directed by John Cromwell and A. Edward Sutherland.	The Dance of Life	John Cromwell	A. Edward Sutherland
director	Public Wedding is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Nick Grinde and written by Roy Chanslor and Houston Branch.	Public Wedding	Nick Grinde
director	How Do I Look is a 2006 American documentary directed by Wolfgang Busch.	How Do I Look	Wolfgang Busch
director	Panchagni (English: Five Fires) (Malayalam:പഞ്ചാഗ്നി) is a 1986 Malayalam film scripted by M.T. Vasudevan Nair and directed by Hariharan, music by Bombay Ravi and lyrics by O N V Kurup.	Panchagni	Hariharan
director	Nachavule (Telugu: నచ్చావులే) is a 2008 Telugu film directed by Ravi Babu and produced by Ramoji Rao.	Nachavule	Ravi Babu
director	Xero Error also known as Levity - Xero Error Minus1 is a computer generated science fiction film created and directed by Ashraf Ghori.	Xero Error	Ashraf Ghori
director	Zombieland is a 2009 American zombie comedy film directed by Ruben Fleischer from a screenplay written by Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick.	Zombieland	Ruben Fleischer
director	Michman Panin (Russian: Мичман Панин, or Warrant Officer Panin), is a 1960 Soviet military drama film, directed by Mikhail Schweitzer.	Michman Panin	Mikhail Schweitzer
director	The Last Bolshevik (French: Le Tombeau d'Alexandre) is a 1992 French documentary film about director Aleksandr Medvedkin, directed by Chris Marker.	The Last Bolshevik	Chris Marker
director	Father of Four and Uncle Sofus (Danish: Far til fire og onkel Sofus) is a 1957 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks and Robert Saaskin.	Father of Four and Uncle Sofus	Alice O'Fredericks
director	The Hour of the Pig is a 1993 British/French film by writer/director Leslie Megahey, produced by the BBC.	The Hour of the Pig	Leslie Megahey
director	For the Love of Nancy is a 1994 television film directed by Paul Schneider.	For the Love of Nancy	Paul Schneider
director	Superargo Versus Diabolicus (Italian: Superargo contro Diabolikus, Spanish: Superargo, el hombre enmascarado) is a 1966 Italian-Spanish science fiction-Superhero film written and directed by Nick Nostro.	Superargo Versus Diabolicus	Nick Nostro
director	The Lady from Yesterday is a 1985 American television drama film directed by Robert Day and starring Wayne Rogers and Bonnie Bedelia.	The Lady from Yesterday	Robert Day
director	The Fight for Freedom is a 1908 Western film probably directed by D. W. Griffith.	The Fight for Freedom	D. W. Griffith
director	I Don't Want to Sleep Alone (Chinese: 黑眼圈 Hēi yǎn quān) is a 2006 Malaysian-Taiwanese romantic drama film written and directed by Tsai Ming-liang.	I Don't Want to Sleep Alone	Tsai Ming-liang
director	The Shadow of Silk Lennox is a 1935 American gangster movie by Ray Kirkwood and Jack Nelson.	The Shadow of Silk Lennox	Jack Nelson
director	Quackser Fortune Has a Cousin in the Bronx is a 1970 Irish-American comedy film directed by Waris Hussein and written by Gabriel Walsh.	Quackser Fortune Has a Cousin in the Bronx	Waris Hussein
director	Das Rad (English title: Rocks) is a German animated film written and directed by Chris Stenner, Arvid Uibel and Heidi Wittlinger.	Das Rad	Chris Stenner
director	The Unknown Men of San Marino (Italian: Lo Sconosciuto di San Marino) is a 1946 Italian drama film directed by Polish director Michał Waszyński.	Unknown Men of San Marino	Michał Waszyński
director	Thanmathra ( Malayalam: തന്മാത്ര, English: Molecule) is a 2005 Malayalam drama film written and directed by Blessy, based on Padmarajan's short story ``Orma'', which portrays the effects of Alzheimer's disease on the life of an individual and his family.	Thanmathra	Blessy
director	The East Frisian Report (German:Der Ostfriesen-Report: O mei, haben die Ostfriesen Riesen) is a 1973 German sex comedy and road film directed by Walter Boos.	The East Frisian Report	Walter Boos
director	The Upthrown Stone (Hungarian: Feldobott kő) is a 1969 Hungarian drama film directed by Sándor Sára.	The Upthrown Stone	Sándor Sára
director	In Old Chicago is a 1938 American drama film directed by Henry King.	In Old Chicago	Henry King
director	Conker's Bad Fur Day was developed by Rare and directed by Chris Seavor.	Conker's Bad Fur Day	Chris Seavor
director	Better Living Through Circuitry is a 1999 documentary directed by Jon Reiss about the electronic dance music cultural scene of the 90's.	Better Living Through Circuitry	Jon Reiss
director	Sulang Kirilli (The Wind Bird) is a 2002 Sinhalese language feature film directed by Inoka Sathyangani which won many Sri Lankan and international awards, deals with a village girl employed in a garment factory, who is caught up between the legal limits of abortion and societal reactions to an out-of-wedlock birth.	Sulang Kirilli	Inoka Sathyangani
director	Jungle Ka Jawahar (Hero of the Forest) is a 1953 Hindi action adventure film directed by Homi Wadia and produced by Basant Pictures.	Jungle Ka Jawahar	Homi Wadia
director	The Heroic Ones is a 1970 Hong Kong Shaw Brothers Studio martial arts film directed by Chang Cheh.	The Heroic Ones	Chang Cheh
director	The Fishing Bell (Hungarian: Halálcsengö) is a 1917 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz.	The Fishing Bell	Michael Curtiz
director	La muchachada de a bordo (English language:Boys on Board) is a 1936 Argentine comedy film directed and written by Manuel Romero.	La muchachada de a bordo	Manuel Romero
director	Two Cops (Hangul: 투캅스; RR: Tu Kapseu) is a 1993 South Korean action/comedy film directed by Kang Woo-suk.	Two Cops	Kang Woo-suk
director	Le Wazzou polygame (also known as Polygamic Wazzou or The Polygamist's Morale) is a 1971 Nigerien/French film about polygamy directed by and starring Oumarou Ganda.	Le Wazzou polygame	Oumarou Ganda
director	Walky Talky Hawky is a Henery Hawk/Foghorn Leghorn animated short film from Warner Bros. released in 1946 and directed by Robert McKimson.	Walky Talky Hawky	Robert McKimson
director	Thoovanathumbikal (Malayalam: തൂവാനത്തുമ്പികൾ, English: Dragonflies in the Spraying Rain) is a 1987 Malayalam romantic film written and directed by P. Padmarajan, based on his own novel Udakappola.	Thoovanathumbikal	P. Padmarajan
director	Srigala Item (Indonesian for Black Wolf, also advertised with the Dutch title De Zwarte Wolf) is a 1941 film from the Dutch East Indies that was directed by Tan Tjoei Hock and produced by The Teng Chun for Action Film.	Srigala Item	Tan Tjoei Hock
director	Love You You is a 2011 Chinese romantic comedy film directed and written by Jingle Ma, starring Peng Yuyan, Angelababy, Zhu Yuchen, and Zhou Yang.	Love You You	Jingle Ma
director	Speed Wings is a 1934 American Pre-Code action film, directed by Otto Brower.	Speed Wings	Otto Brower
director	Sole nudo (English: Naked Sun) is a 1984 Italian-Brazilian film written and directed by Tonino Cervi.	Sole nudo	Tonino Cervi
director	Beeba Boys is a 2015 Canadian crime thriller film written and directed by Deepa Mehta.	Beeba Boys	Deepa Mehta
director	Tera Naam Mera Naam is a 1988 Hindi language romance comedy film directed by Ramesh Talwar.	Tera Naam Mera Naam	Ramesh Talwar
director	The Treasure of Bengal (Italian: Il tesoro del Bengala, French: Le trésor du Bengale) is a 1954 Italian-French adventure film directed by Gianni Vernuccio and starring Sabu.	The Treasure of Bengal	Gianni Vernuccio
director	Amor se dice cantando (``Love is Said Singing'') is a 1959 Mexican- Argentine comedy-drama film directed by Miguel Morayta and written by María Luisa Algarra.	Amor se dice cantando	Miguel Morayta
director	In Pursuit of Honor is a 1995 made-for-cable movie directed by Ken Olin.	In Pursuit of Honor	Ken Olin
director	Madly Bangalee is a Bengali 2009 rock musical film directed by Anjan Dutt.	Madly Bangalee	Anjan Dutt
director	Tracked by Bloodhounds; or, A Lynching at Cripple Creek a 1904 silent crime drama short film directed by Harry H. Buckwalter.	Tracked by Bloodhounds; or, A Lynching at Cripple Creek	Harry H. Buckwalter
director	Yoru no kiba (夜の牙) is a 1958 color Japanese film directed by Umetsugu Inoue.	Yoru no kiba	Umetsugu Inoue
director	The book was adapted into the 1991 TV movie And the Sea Will Tell, directed by Tommy Lee Wallace.	And the Sea Will Tell	Tommy Lee Wallace
director	Professor Larousse is a 1920 German silent crime film directed by Mutz Greenbaum and starring Victor Colani, Erwin Fichtner and Erich Kaiser-Titz.	Professor Larousse	Mutz Greenbaum
director	A Little Thing Called Murder is a 2006 drama television film starring Judy Davis and Jonathan Jackson and directed by Richard Benjamin.	A Little Thing Called Murder	Richard Benjamin
director	Haunting Me (Thai: หอแต๋วแตก; rtgs: Ho Taeo Taek) is a 2007 Thai horror-comedy film directed by Poj Arnon.	Haunting Me	Poj Arnon
director	Indonesia Malaise is a 1931 film directed by the Wong brothers.	Indonesia Malaise	Wong brothers
director	Zabardast is an Indian film directed by Nasir Hussain and produced by Mushir-Riaz released in 1985.	Zabardast	Nasir Hussain
director	Leeches! is a 2003 horror film directed by David DeCoteau.	Leeches!	David DeCoteau
director	Alice Gets Stung is a 1925 animated short film by Walt Disney in the Alice Comedies series.	Alice Gets Stung	Walt Disney
director	A Film with No Name (Serbian: Za Sada Bez Dobrog Naslova) is a 1988 Yugoslav drama film directed by Srđan Karanović.	A Film with No Name	Srđan Karanović
director	Wondrous Boccaccio (Italian: Maraviglioso Boccaccio) is an 2015 italian film directed by Paolo and Vittorio Taviani.	Wondrous Boccaccio	Paolo and Vittorio Taviani
director	Seemanthini (Tamil: சீமந்தினி) is a 1936 Tamil film directed by Ellis R. Dungan and starring T. P. Rajalakshmi.	Seemanthini	Ellis R. Dungan
director	Hell and Back Again is a 2011 American-British-Afghan documentary film produced, shot, and directed by Danfung Dennis, about a sergeant in the United States Marines Corps who returns from the Afghanistan conflict with a badly broken leg and post-traumatic stress disorder.	Hell and Back Again	Danfung Dennis
director	Between the Canals is an Irish crime film written and directed by Mark O'Connor.	Between the Canals	Mark O'Connor
director	Raattinam is a 2012 Tamil romantic drama film, directed by K.S.Thangasamy, starring Laguparan and Swathy.	Raattinam	K.S.Thangasamy
director	The Dragonfly Is Not an Insect (Spanish: La Cigarra no es un bicho, US title The Games Men Play) is a 1963 Argentine drama film directed by Daniel Tinayre.	The Dragonfly Is Not an Insect	Daniel Tinayre
director	Tom-ic Energy is a 1965 cartoon directed and produced by Chuck Jones.	Tom-ic Energy	Chuck Jones
director	Robin Hood of Texas is a 1947 American Western film directed by Lesley Selander and written by John K. Butler and Earle Snell.	Robin Hood of Texas	Lesley Selander
director	Kanchana Sita (Malayalam: കാഞ്ചനസീത, English: Golden Sita) is a 1977 Indian Malayalam feature-length film scripted and directed by G. Aravindan.	Kanchana Sita	G. Aravindan
director	The Fire Patrol is surviving 1924 silent film melodrama directed by Hunt Stromberg and starring Anna Q. Nilsson.	The Fire Patrol	Hunt Stromberg
director	Priests Ćira and Spira (Serbo-Croatian: ''Pop Ćira i pop Spira'') is a 1957 Yugoslav film directed by Soja Jovanović.	Priests Ćira and Spira	Soja Jovanović
director	They Raid by Night is a 1942 American low-budget World War II film from Producers Releasing Corporation, directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet.	They Raid by Night	Spencer Gordon Bennet
director	Two-Gun of the Tumbleweed is a 1927 silent western directed by and starring Leo D. Maloney and distributed by Pathé Exchange.	Two-Gun of the Tumbleweed	Leo D. Maloney
director	The Shrine of Ultimate Bliss, also known as Stoner, A Man Called Stoner, and Hong Kong Hitman (Chinese: 鐵金剛大破紫陽觀) is a 1974 Hong Kong action film which was produced by Raymond Chow and directed by Huang Feng.	The Shrine of Ultimate Bliss	Huang Feng
director	Naan Thaan Siva is an upcoming Tamil thriller film directed by R. Panneerselvam and produced by Thirupathi Brothers.	Naan Thaan Siva	R. Panneerselvam
director	Liane, Jungle Goddess (German Liane, das Mädchen aus dem Urwald) is a 1956 West German film directed by Eduard von Borsody.	Liane, Jungle Goddess	Eduard von Borsody
director	Anybody's War is a 1930 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Richard Wallace and written by Lloyd Corrigan, Hector Turnbull and Walter Weems.	Anybody's War	Richard Wallace
director	The Paper Wedding (French: Les noces de papier) is a 1989 made for television Canadian film directed by Michel Brault, screenplay by Jefferson Lewis.	The Paper Wedding	Michel Brault
director	Jagadeka Veeruni Katha (Telugu: జగదేకవీరుని కధ) is a 1961 Telugu Drama film directed and produced by Kadiri Venkata Reddy under the banner of Vijaya Pictures.	Jagadeka Veeruni Katha	Kadiri Venkata Reddy
director	Kati Patang (Cut Kite) is an 1970 Indian film produced and directed by Shakti Samanta.	Kati Patang	Shakti Samanta
director	Swarg (Hindi: स्वर्ग, Urdu: سورگ, translation: Heaven) is a 1990 Indian Bollywood film directed by David Dhawan, released on 18 May 1990.	Swarg	David Dhawan
director	Darkness in Tallinn (a.k.a. ``City Unplugged'')(Estonian language:Tallinn pimeduses) is a 1993 feature film, a satirical political thriller directed by Ilkka Järvi-Laturi and written by Paul Kolsby.	Darkness in Tallinn	Ilkka Järvi-Laturi
director	All in All Azhagu Raja (2013) is a Tamil romantic comedy film written and directed by M. Rajesh.	All in All Azhagu Raja	M. Rajesh
director	Magic to Win (Chinese: 開心魔法, meaning ``Happy Magic'') is a 2011 Hong Kong film directed by Wilson Yip.	Magic to Win	Wilson Yip
director	The Dealer from Amsterdam (German:Der Trödler von Amsterdam) is a 1925 German silent film directed by Victor Janson and starring Werner Krauss, Hilde Hildebrand and Harry Hardt.	The Dealer from Amsterdam	Victor Janson
director	Angel Enforcers (Chinese: Wong ga fei fung) is a 1989 Hong Kong action film directed by Godfrey Ho and starring Pan Pan Yeung and Pauline Wong, in which female agents battle a gang of diamond thieves.	Angel Enforcers	Godfrey Ho
director	Too Much Wife is a 1922 American comedy silent film directed by Thomas N. Heffron and written by Percy Heath and Lorna Moon.	Too Much Wife	Thomas N. Heffron
director	The Leech (Arabic: Shabab emraa‎, also known as A Woman's Youth) is a 1956 Egyptian drama film directed by Salah Abu Seif.	The Leech	Salah Abu Seif
director	Hare Splitter is a 1948 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies animated short directed by Friz Freleng.	Hare Splitter	Friz Freleng
director	The Muslims Are Coming! is a 2013 American comedy documentary film co-directed and co-starring Negin Farsad and Dean Obeidallah.	The Muslims Are Coming!	Negin Farsad
director	The Miner's Curse, or the Bush Wedding is a 1911 Australian silent film directed by Alfred Rolfe set during the Australian Gold Rush.	The Miner's Curse	Alfred Rolfe
director	Le Guignolo is a 1980 French-Italian comedy film directed by Georges Lautner.	Le Guignolo	Georges Lautner
director	Tub Girls is a 1967 American avant garde film directed by Andy Warhol.	Tub Girls	Andy Warhol
director	Prípad Barnabáš Kos (The Case of Barnabáš Kos) is a 1964 Czechoslovak film directed by Peter Solan.	Prípad Barnabáš Kos	Peter Solan
director	Srabon Megher Din (Bengali: শ্রাবন মেঘের দিন - English: A Rainy Day of the Month Srabon) is a Bangladeshi drama film based on the Novel of Humayun Ahmed.	Srabon Megher Din	Humayun Ahmed
director	Der alte und der junge König (The Old and the Young King) is a German historical film by Hans Steinhoff, made under Nazi rule in 1935.	Der alte und der junge König	Hans Steinhoff
director	The Young and Prodigious T.S. Spivet is a 2013 Franco-Canadian-Australian adventure drama film directed by Jean-Pierre Jeunet and co-written with Guillaume Laurant, based on the book The Selected Works of T.S. Spivet, written by Reif Larsen.	The Young and Prodigious T.S. Spivet	Jean-Pierre Jeunet
director	Sri Anjaneyam(Telugu: శ్రీ ఆంజనేయం) is a Telugu film directed and produced by Krishna Vamsi.	Sri Anjaneyam	Krishna Vamsi
director	Two Mafiosi Against Goldfinger or Due mafiosi contro Goldginger is a 1965 Italian Spanish international co-production Eurospy comedy film directed by Giorgio Simonelli.	Two Mafiosi Against Goldfinger	Giorgio Simonelli
director	The Flicker is a 1966 experimental film by Tony Conrad.	The Flicker	Tony Conrad
director	Roll, Freddy, Roll! is a 1974 American TV film directed by Bill Persky.	Roll, Freddy, Roll!	Bill Persky
director	The Adventures of Jane Arden is a 1939 American crime film directed by Terry O. Morse and written by Vincent Sherman, Lawrence Kimble and Charles W. Curran.	The Adventures of Jane Arden	Terry O. Morse
director	Kshana Kshana (Kannada: ಕ್ಷಣ ಕ್ಷಣ) is a 2007 Indian Kannada language crime thriller film directed by Sunil Kumar Desai and produced by B. R. Thirumalai.	Kshana Kshana	Sunil Kumar Desai
director	Dhunia Tirutabur is an Assamese movie directed by Prodyut Kumar Deka and produced by Prodyut Kumar Deka & Pankaj Kalita under Arc Lights.	Dhunia Tirutabur	Prodyut Kumar Deka
director	Inside Fighting China is a 1941 Canadian short documentary film directed by Stuart Legg, and narrated by Lorne Greene.	Inside Fighting China	Stuart Legg
director	I Dream Too Much is a 1935 romantic comedy film directed by John Cromwell.	I Dream Too Much	John Cromwell
director	Shuzhendong Chinese Typewriter (simplified Chinese: 舒振东华文打字机; traditional Chinese: 舒振東華文打字機; pinyin: Shūzhèngdōng Huáwén Dǎzìjī) is the first Chinese animation ever made in 1922 by Wan Laiming and Wan Guchan.	Shuzhendong Chinese Typewriter	Wan Laiming	Wan Guchan
director	Speed Cross is a 1980 Italian crime-action film directed by Stelvio Massi.	Speed Cross	Stelvio Massi
director	Dangerous Twins is a 2004 Nigerian drama film produced by Tade Ogidan, written and directed by Niji Akanni.	Dangerous Twins	Niji Akanni
director	Earth vs. the Spider (also known as The Spider and Earth vs. the Giant Spider) is a 1958 American black-and-white science fiction-horror film produced and directed by Bert I. Gordon, who also wrote the story, upon which the screenplay by George Worthing Yates and Laszlo Gorog is based.	Earth vs. the Spider	Bert I. Gordon
director	Two Tickets to Broadway is a 1951 American Technicolor musical film directed by James V. Kern and filmed on the RKO Forty Acres backlot.	Two Tickets to Broadway	James V. Kern
director	Western Heritage is a 1948 American Western directed by Wallace Grissell.	Western Heritage	Wallace Grissell
director	Mystery, Alaska is a 1999 comedy-drama film directed by Jay Roach about an amateur ice hockey team, from the fictional small-town of Mystery, that plays an exhibition game against the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League.	Mystery, Alaska	Jay Roach
director	Hasida Hebbuli (Kannada: ಹಸಿದ ಹೆಬ್ಬುಲಿ) is a 1983 Indian Kannada film, directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar and produced by Venkataram.	Hasida Hebbuli	S. A. Chandrasekhar
director	A Woman for 24 Hours (German:Die Frau für 24 Stunden) is a 1925 German silent drama film directed by Reinhold Schünzel and starring Lotte Neumann, Harry Liedtke and Kurt Vespermann.	A Woman for 24 Hours	Reinhold Schünzel
director	Meet Dr. Christian is a 1939 American film directed by Bernard Vorhaus, the first of six films in the Dr. Christian series.	Meet Dr. Christian	Bernard Vorhaus
dissolved or abolished	AGO Flugzeugwerke was a German aircraft manufacturing company from 1911 until 1945.	AGO Flugzeugwerke	1945
dissolved or abolished	The Electorate of Bavaria (German: Kurfürstentum Bayern) was an independent hereditary electorate of the Holy Roman Empire from 1623 to 1806, when it was succeeded by the Kingdom of Bavaria.	Electorate of Bavaria	1806
dissolved or abolished	In 1969, it was divided in two new universities: the University of Rennes 1 the University of Rennes 2 --	University of Rennes	1969
dissolved or abolished	In 1938, under intense pressure of the Nazis' Aryanization policy, Mendelssohn & Co. were forced to hand over their assets to Deutsche Bank, and eventually to shut down.	Mendelssohn & Co.	1938
dissolved or abolished	The North American Football Confederation was founded in 1946 and a forerunner to the CONCACAF as the governing body of football in North America until 1961, when it merged with the Confederación Centroamericana y del Caribe de Fútbol (CCCF) to form CONCACAF.	North American Football Confederation	1961
dissolved or abolished	The Arbeitsrat für Kunst (German: 'Workers council for art' or 'Art Soviet') was a union of architects, painters, sculptors and art writers, who were based in Berlin from 1918 to 1921.	Arbeitsrat für Kunst	1921
dissolved or abolished	The County of Artois (French: comté d'Artois, Dutch: graafschap Artesië) was an historic province of the Kingdom of France, held by the Dukes of Burgundy from 1384 until 1477/82, and a state of the Holy Roman Empire from 1493 until 1659.	County of Artois	1659
dissolved or abolished	The Central Finland Province (Finnish: Keski-Suomen lääni, Swedish: Mellersta Finlands län) was a province of Finland from 1960 to 1997.	Central Finland Province	1997
dissolved or abolished	In 1991 North Carolina National Bank acquired C&S/Sovran Corp. and took the new name, NationsBank.	North Carolina National Bank	1991
dissolved or abolished	The Zoological Garden of Hamburg (German: Zoologischer Garten zu Hamburg) was a zoo in Hamburg, Germany that operated from 1863 until 1930.	Zoological Garden of Hamburg	1930
dissolved or abolished	The Esculapeus was a British automobile manufactured for one year only, 1902.	Esculapeus	1902
dissolved or abolished	The Hilfspolizei (abbreviated Hipo; literally: auxiliary police) was a short-lived auxiliary police force in Nazi Germany in 1933.	Hilfspolizei	1933
dissolved or abolished	Thomas Cook AG was the parent company of Thomas Cook UK & Ireland, Condor Airlines and other such subsidiaries until 12 February 2007 when it merged with MyTravel Group PLC. The new combined company was named Thomas Cook Group plc and was listed on the London Stock Exchange.	Thomas Cook AG	12 February 2007
dissolved or abolished	JMT Records (an acronym of Jazz Music Today) was a German record label, based in Munich and founded by producer Stefan F. Winter, that specialised in contemporary jazz and operated from 1985 until 1995.	JMT Records	1995
dissolved or abolished	The Taifa of Constantina and Hornachuelos was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed, in what is now southern Spain, from around 1143 to 1150 when it was conquered by the Almohads.	Taifa of Constantina and Hornachuelos	1150
dissolved or abolished	The Providence Grays were a Major League Baseball team based in Providence, Rhode Island who played in the National League from 1878 until 1885.	Providence Grays	1885
dissolved or abolished	The Avonside Engine Company was a locomotive manufacturer in Avon Street, St. Philip's, Bristol, England between 1864 and 1934.	Avonside Engine Company	1934
dissolved or abolished	The World Badminton Federation is a former badminton organization, it was founded in February 1978 and ceased its operation on May 26, 1981 after it merged with the International Badminton Federation (now known as Badminton World Federation or BWF).	World Badminton Federation	1981
dissolved or abolished	Transavia Corporation was an Australian aircraft manufacturer active between 1965 and 1985.	Transavia Corporation	1985
dissolved or abolished	Mirrorsoft was bought by Acclaim Entertainment in 1992, the year following Maxwell's death.	Mirrorsoft	1992
dissolved or abolished	Eretnids (Turkish plural; Eretnaoğulları) was an Anatolian beylik that succeeded the Ilkhanid governors in Anatolia and that ruled in a large region extending between Caesarea (Kayseri), Sebastea (Sivas) and Amaseia (Amasya) in Central Anatolia between 1328--1381.	Eretnids	1381
dissolved or abolished	Plymouth Colony (sometimes New Plymouth, or Plymouth Bay Colony) was an English colonial venture in North America from 1620 to 1691.	Plymouth Colony	1691
dissolved or abolished	Webvan was an online ``credit and delivery'' grocery business that went bankrupt in 2001.	Webvan	2001
dissolved or abolished	The London Passenger Transport Board (LPTB) was the organisation responsible for local public transport in London, UK, and its environs from 1933 to 1948.	London Passenger Transport Board	1948
dissolved or abolished	Togoland was a German protectorate in West Africa from 1884 to 1914, encompassing what is now the nation of Togo and most of what is now the Volta Region of Ghana.	Togoland	1914
dissolved or abolished	The Republic of Maryland (also known as the Independent State of Maryland) was a small nation which existed from 1854 to 1857, when it was merged into what is now Liberia.	Republic of Maryland	1857
dissolved or abolished	The Frankford Yellow Jackets were a professional American football team, part of the National Football League from 1924 to 1931, though its origin dates back to as early as 1899 with the Frankford Athletic Association.	Frankford Yellow Jackets	1931
dissolved or abolished	ALM Antillean Airlines (Dutch: Antilliaanse Luchtvaart Maatschappij) was the main airline of the Netherlands Antilles between its foundation in 1964 and its shut-down in 2001, operating out of Aruba, Bonaire, and Curaçao.	ALM Antillean Airlines	2001
dissolved or abolished	The Montoneros were effectively finished off by 1977, although their ``Special Forces'' did fight on until 1981.	Montoneros	1981
dissolved or abolished	Włocławek Voivodeship (Polish: województwo włocławskie) was a unit of administrative division and local government in Poland in years 1975--1998, superseded by Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship.	Włocławek Voivodeship	1998
dissolved or abolished	FC Bârlad was a Romanian professional football club from Bârlad, Vaslui County, Romania, founded in 2005 and dissolved in 2009.	FC Bârlad	2009
employer	Warner P. Woodworth is a professor in the Department of Organizations Leadership and Strategy in the Marriott School of Management at Brigham Young University (BYU).	Warner P. Woodworth	Brigham Young University
employer	Nicholas J. Belkin is a professor at the School of Communication and Information at Rutgers University.	Nicholas J. Belkin	Rutgers University
employer	Sarah Falkland is a British television journalist, working as a reporter and newsreader for BBC Midlands Today for the West Midlands Region.	Sarah Falkland	BBC
employer	Valentine Snow (1685--1759) was the trumpeter for George Frideric Handel.	Valentine Snow	George Frideric Handel
employer	Hyam Plutzik (July 13, 1911-- January 8, 1962), a Pulitzer prize finalist, was a poet and Professor of English at the University of Rochester.	Hyam Plutzik	University of Rochester
employer	Hermann Weber served as Professor for Political Sciences and Contemporary History at the University of Mannheim from 1975 till his formal retirement in 1993.	Hermann Weber	University of Mannheim
employer	Norman Swartz (born 1939) is a professor emeritus (retired 1998) of philosophy, Simon Fraser University.	Norman Swartz	Simon Fraser University
employer	Claudia Märtl (born July 3, 1954, Amberg) is a professor of Medieval history at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich.	Claudia Märtl	Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich
employer	Peverill Squire is the Hicks and Martha Griffiths Chair in American Political Institutions at the University of Missouri, a political scientist well known for his work on legislative institutions, with specific focus on state legislatures.	Peverill Squire	University of Missouri
employer	Christopher Gutteridge is a Systems, Information and Web programmer, part of the IT Innovation team in the School of Electronics and Computer Science at the University of Southampton.	Christopher Gutteridge	University of Southampton
employer	Bo Barrett (born James P. Barrett) is the current winemaker of Chateau Montelena.	Bo Barrett	Chateau Montelena
employer	Henryk Iwaniec (born October 9, 1947) is a Polish American mathematician, and since 1987 a professor at Rutgers University.	Henryk Iwaniec	Rutgers University
employer	Greg Parker (born 1954) was a Professor of Photonics at the University of Southampton, Hampshire, England in September 2010 after 23 years of research and lecturing.	Greg Parker	University of Southampton
employer	Renee Marlin-Bennett (born September 29, 1959), is a professor of Political Science at Johns Hopkins University.	Renee Marlin-Bennett	Johns Hopkins University
employer	Raymond Grew is a social historian of France and Italy and a Professor of History Emeritus at the University of Michigan.	Raymond Grew	University of Michigan
employer	Karl Sigmund (b. July 26, 1945 in Gars am Kamp, Lower Austria) is a Professor of Mathematics at the University of Vienna and one of the pioneers of evolutionary game theory.	Karl Sigmund	University of Vienna
employer	Klaus Heine is a lecturer in luxury marketing, luxury brand management, brand personality and brand identity at the Technical University of Berlin and works as an independent consultant specializing in luxury brand management.	Klaus Heine	Technical University of Berlin
employer	Gertrud Bing (1892--1964) was a scholar and Director of the Warburg Institute.	Gertrud Bing	Warburg Institute
employer	Paul Larson is currently a senior researcher in the Database Group of Microsoft Research.	Paul Larson	Microsoft
employer	Ingo Walter is a professor of finance, corporate governance and ethics as well as Vice Dean of Faculty at New York University's Stern School of Business.	Ingo Walter	New York University
employer	Sana Safi (ثنا ساپۍ - born 1989) is an Afghan broadcast journalist, currently working for BBC World Service.	Sana Safi	BBC
employer	Venu Srinivasan is an Indian Industrialist, who is the Chairman of Sundaram-Clayton Group which includes TVS Motor Company, the third largest two wheeler manufacturer in India and also companies that manufacture automotive components in India.	Venu Srinivasan	TVS Motor Company
employer	Simon Nicholls (born 1977 in London) is a radio and TV comedy producer at the BBC.	Simon Nicholls	BBC
employer	Johannes Gehrke is Tisch University Professor of computer science at Cornell University and a Distinguished Engineer at Microsoft, who works in the areas of database systems, data privacy and data mining.	Johannes Gehrke	Cornell University
employer	George L. Kelling is an American criminologist, a professor emeritus in the School of Criminal Justice at Rutgers University--	George L. Kelling	Rutgers University
employer	Razia Iqbal (born 1962) is a journalist employed by BBC News.	Razia Iqbal	BBC
employer	Irving Bernstein (November 15, 1916 -- September 25, 2001) was an American professor of political science at the University of California, Los Angeles and a noted labor historian.	Irving Bernstein	University of California, Los Angeles
employer	Bruce W. Stallsmith is a professor of biology at the University of Alabama in Huntsville (UAH) in Huntsville, Alabama and served as the 2000--2008 president of the North American Native Fishes Association (NANFA).	Bruce W. Stallsmith	University of Alabama in Huntsville
employer	Wolfgang Marguerre (born 1941) is a German billionaire businessman, the chairman and owner of the Octapharma Group	Wolfgang Marguerre	Octapharma
employer	Joanne Larson holds the Michael W. Scandling Professorship at the University of Rochester Margaret Warner Graduate School of Education and Human Development .	Joanne Larson	University of Rochester
employer	Gustav Anrich (2 December 1867 in Rountzenheim, Alsace -- 13 November 1930 in Tübingen) was a German church historian from Alsace, who served as rector of both the University of Strasbourg and the University of Tübingen (1928--1929).	Gustav Anrich	University of Tübingen
employer	The next year, 1949, Ernst Engelberg was appointed Professor for the ``History of the German Labour Movement'' at Leipzig University, where colleagues included Hans Mayer (an old comrade from their time in Geneva), Ernst Bloch and Walter Markov, along with Werner Krauß, Wieland Herzfelde and Hermann Budzislawski.	Ernst Engelberg	Leipzig University
employer	Peter M. Haas (born January 23, 1955) is a professor of Political Science at the University of Massachusetts Amherst and the Karl Deutsch Visiting Professor at the Wissenschaftszentrum Berlin.	Peter M. Haas	University of Massachusetts Amherst
employer	Mahmoud Nili Ahmadabadi is a professor of Metallurgy at the University of Tehran, and current Chancellor of the University of Tehran.	Mahmoud Nili Ahmadabadi	University of Tehran
employer	Denise Sheer was appointed Professor of Human Genetics at The Institute of Cell and Molecular Science at Queen Mary, University of London in November 2006.	Denise Sheer	Queen Mary, University of London
employer	Sheridan Morley worked as a late-night newscaster for ITN from 1965, before moving to the BBC to present Late Night Line-Up for BBC 2 from 1967 to 1971, alongside Joan Bakewell and Tony Bilbow.	Sheridan Morley	BBC
employer	Robert Hale Ives Goddard, III (1941--) is curator emeritus in the Department of Anthropology of the National Museum of Natural History at the Smithsonian Institution.	Ives Goddard	National Museum of Natural History
employer	Patricia Forsythe is the Executive Director of the Sydney Business Chamber since September 2006.	Patricia Forsythe	Sydney Business Chamber
employer	Philippe Kruchten (born 1952) is a Canadian software engineer, and Professor of Software Engineering at University of British Columbia in Vancouver, Canada, known as Director of Process Development (RUP) at Rational Software, and developer of the 4+1 Architectural View Model.	Philippe Kruchten	University of British Columbia
employer	Maciej Zworski is an American, Canadian mathematician, currently a professor of mathematics at the University of California, Berkeley.	Maciej Zworski	University of California, Berkeley
employer	James John Miles (born 1959) is a Professor of Computer Engineering in the School of Computer Science at the University of Manchester where he is currently head of department and a member of the Nano Engineering & Storage Technology Research Group (NEST).	James John Miles	University of Manchester
employer	William Freer Bale (1911 -- 28 June 1982), biophysicist and educator, held key positions in the Atomic Energy Project at the University of Rochester.	William Freer Bale	University of Rochester
employer	Anthony W. Norman is a distinguished professor emeritus of biochemistry and biomedical sciences at the University of California, Riverside and one of the world's foremost experts on vitamin D.	Anthony W. Norman	University of California, Riverside
employer	George Varghese (born 1960) is a Principal Researcher at Microsoft Research.	George Varghese	Microsoft
employer	Guy Schrans (born 25 November 1937, in Ghent) is emeritus Professor at Ghent University (Ghent, Belgium), liberal politician and lawyer at the Brussels bar.	Guy Schrans	Ghent University
employer	Augustin Bea, S.J. (28 May 1881 - 16 November 1968), was a German Jesuit priest and scholar at the Pontifical Gregorian University specialising in biblical studies and biblical archeology.	Augustin Bea	Pontifical Gregorian University
employer	Bernadette Wegenstein (born 1969), is a Research Professor and director of the Center for Advanced Media Studies at Johns Hopkins University.	Bernadette Wegenstein	Johns Hopkins University
employer	Moustafa Bayoumi is an award-winning writer, and associate professor of English at Brooklyn College, City University of New York.	Moustafa Bayoumi	Brooklyn College
employer	Ted Steinberg (born 1961) is Adeline Barry Davee Distinguished Professor of History and Professor of Law at Case Western Reserve University.	Ted Steinberg	Case Western Reserve University
employer	Kenneth J. Pienta is the Donald S. Coffey Professor of Urology at the Brady Urological Institute of the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine.	Kenneth J. Pienta	Johns Hopkins University
employer	Kimberlé Williams Crenshaw (born 1959) is an American scholar in the field of critical race theory, and a professor at UCLA School of Law and Columbia Law School, where she specializes in race and gender issues.	Kimberlé Williams Crenshaw	Columbia Law School
employer	Natalia Molina is Associate Professor in the Department of History and Urban Studies at the University of California, San Diego (UCSD).	Natalia Molina	University of California, San Diego
employer	Sheng He (born 1964, China) is a Professor of Psychology in the Department of Psychology, University of Minnesota.	Sheng He	University of Minnesota
employer	William Malone Baskervill (1850--1899) was a writer and professor of the English language and literature at Vanderbilt University.	William Malone Baskervill	Vanderbilt University
employer	Alexander Markovich Polyakov (Russian: Алекса́ндр Ма́ркович Поляко́в; born 27 September 1945) is a theoretical physicist, formerly at the Landau Institute in Moscow and, since 1990, at Princeton University.	Alexander Markovich Polyakov	Princeton University
employer	Julia Barfield (born 1952) is a British architect and director of Marks Barfield Architects, established in 1989.	Julia Barfield	Marks Barfield Architects
employer	John Turitzin is a corporate executive currently working at Marvel Entertainment.	John Turitzin	Marvel Entertainment
employer	John Emigh (born 3 September 1941) is Professor Emeritus from the Departments of Theatre, Speech and Dance and of English at Brown University, Providence, Rhode Island.	John Emigh	Brown University
employer	Gary O'Donoghue is an English journalist, currently working for BBC News as their Washington, D.C. political correspondent.	Gary O'Donoghue	BBC
employer	Marion Talbot (July 31, 1858 -- October 20, 1948) was Dean of Women at the University of Chicago from 1895 to 1925, and an influential leader in the higher education of women in the United States during the early 20th century.	Marion Talbot	University of Chicago
employer	Thomas S. Popkewitz (born August 16, 1940) is a curriculum theorist and professor from the United States of America, on the faculty at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison School of Education.	Thomas S. Popkewitz	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
employer	Louise Cochrane (22 December 1918 -- 13 February 2012) was an American-born writer and television producer best known for creating the BBC Children's TV programme Rag, Tag and Bobtail in the early 1950s.	Louise Cochrane	BBC
employer	Carolyn Cohen is a Professor Emeritus of Biology at Brandeis University.	Carolyn Cohen	Brandeis University
employer	Steven Fine is a historian of Judaism in the Greco-Roman World and a professor at Yeshiva University.	Steven Fine	Yeshiva University
employer	Kevin Dreyer is an American lighting designer of dance, theatre, opera and film, Associate Professor of Theatre at the University of Notre Dame and resident Lighting Designer for the Notre Dame Shakespeare Festival.	Kevin Dreyer	University of Notre Dame
employer	Joseph Cropsey (New York, August 27, 1919 -- Washington, D.C., July 1, 2012 ) was an American political philosopher and emeritus professor of political science at the University of Chicago, where he was also associate director of the John M. Olin Center for Inquiry into the Theory and Practice of Democracy.	Joseph Cropsey	University of Chicago
employer	Delfin Ganapin, Jr. works for the United Nations in the Global Environment Facility Small Grants Program.	Delfin Ganapin, Jr.	United Nations
employer	Donald Ferlys Wilson Baden-Powell (5 October 1897 -- 11 September 1973), son of Sir George Smyth Baden-Powell, was a geologist who taught geology and palaeolithic archaeology at the University of Oxford.	Donald Ferlys Wilson Baden-Powell	University of Oxford
employer	Ronald W. Yeung (born 1945) is a Distinguished Professor of Hydromechanics and Ocean Engineering at the University of California, Berkeley.	Ronald W. Yeung	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Sir Nathan Bodington (29 May 1848 -- 12 May 1911) was the first Vice Chancellor of the University of Leeds having been Principal and Professor of Greek at the Yorkshire College since 1883.	Nathan Bodington	University of Leeds
employer	Professor Stewart Jay holds the Pendleton Miller chair in law at the University of Washington School of Law, where he has taught since 1980.	Stewart Jay	University of Washington
employer	Robert Mohr (5 April 1897 -- 5 February 1977) was an interrogation specialist of the Gestapo.	Robert Mohr	Gestapo
employer	Vanessa Friedman (born 1968) is Fashion Director and Chief Fashion Critic at The New York Times.	Vanessa Friedman	The New York Times
employer	Adrian Forty is a Professor of Architectural History at The Bartlett, the Faculty of the Built Environment at University College London, now retired.	Adrian Forty	University College London
employer	Géry van Outryve d'Ydewalle is a Belgian scientist and professor of the Laboratory for experimental psychology at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven (Leuven).	Géry van Outryve d'Ydewalle	Katholieke Universiteit Leuven
employer	Susan Stamberg (born September 7, 1938) is an American radio journalist who is a Special Correspondent for National Public Radio and guest host for Weekend Edition Saturday.	Susan Stamberg	National Public Radio
employer	Johannes Stöffler (also Stöfler, Stoffler, Stoeffler) (10 December 1452 -- 16 February 1531) was a German mathematician, astronomer, astrologer, priest, maker of astronomical instruments and professor at the University of Tübingen.	Johannes Stöffler	University of Tübingen
employer	Christopher Ruddy is the CEO of Newsmax Media which publishes Newsmax.com and broadcasts the Newsmax TV network.	Christopher Ruddy	Newsmax Media
employer	Raisedon Zenenga is the United Nations Deputy Special Representative for Somalia.	Raisedon Zenenga	United Nations
employer	Frederic Ewen (1899 -- October 18, 1988) was an English professor at Brooklyn College from 1930 to 1952.	Frederic Ewen	Brooklyn College
employer	Maria do Valle Ribeiro is the United Nations Deputy Special Representative in Guinea-Bissau.	Maria do Valle Ribeiro	United Nations
employer	Martin Bobrow CBE, FRS (born 6 February 1938) is a British geneticist, and Emeritus Fellow, Wolfson College, Cambridge.	Martin Bobrow	Wolfson College
employer	Ruth Boynton (1896 -- 1977) was a physician, researcher, and administrator who spent almost her entire career at the University of Minnesota.	Ruth Boynton	University of Minnesota
employer	After serving as an officer in the U.S. Marine Corps, Howard Sanderford became an executive with IBM and is now President of Computer Leasing Company, Inc. He and his wife Dot are active in their church, First Baptist Church of Huntsville.	Howard Sanderford	IBM
employer	Maurice Godelier (born February 28, 1934) is a French anthropologist who works as the Director of Studies at the School for Advanced Studies in the Social Sciences.	Maurice Godelier	School for Advanced Studies in the Social Sciences
employer	Erich E. Kunhardt Grullon (May 31, 1949 -- August 4, 2014) was a Dominican American physicist who was Professor of applied physics at the Polytechnic Institute of New York University and a special advisor to the Institute's President.	Erich E. Kunhardt	New York University
founder	Windfields Farm was a six square kilometre (1,500 acre) thoroughbred horse breeding farm founded by businessman E. P. Taylor in Oshawa, Ontario, Canada.	Windfields Farm	E. P. Taylor
founder	The company was acquired by VMware in 2008; a year later, Jens Owen along with Alan Ward founded LunarG to continue this work.	LunarG	Alan Ward
founder	The Northern Student Movement (NSM) was an American civil rights organization founded at Yale University in 1961 by Peter J. Countryman (1942--1992).	Northern Student Movement	Peter J. Countryman
founder	Indian Thought Publications is a publisher founded in 1942, in Mysore by R. K. Narayan.	Indian Thought Publications	R. K. Narayan
founder	The Giardino Botanico di Valbonella is a nature preserve and botanical garden in the Foreste Casentinesi, Monte Falterona, Campigna National Park, about 3 kilometers from Corniolo, Santa Sofia, Province of Forlì-Cesena, Emilia-Romagna, Italy.	Giardino Botanico di Valbonella	Emilia-Romagna
founder	Lola Cars International Ltd. was a racing car engineering company founded in 1958 by Eric Broadley and based in Huntingdon, England.	Lola Cars	Eric Broadley
founder	Solberga Abbey (Swedish: Solberga kloster), was a Cistercian nunnery in Sweden, in operation from 1246 until at least 1469.	Solberga Abbey	Cistercian
founder	Founded on July 1, 1935, by Heinrich Himmler, Herman Wirth, and Richard Walther Darré, the Ahnenerbe later conducted experiments and launched expeditions in an attempt to prove that mythological Nordic populations had once ruled the world.	Ahnenerbe	Heinrich Himmler
founder	The Pentapartito began in 1981 at a meeting of the Congress of the Italian Socialist Party (PSI) when the Christian Democrat Arnaldo Forlani and Socialist Secretary Bettino Craxi signed an agreement with the ``blessing'' of Giulio Andreotti.	Pentapartito	Arnaldo Forlani
founder	Gravatar (a portmanteau of globally recognized avatar) is a service for providing globally unique avatars which was created by Tom Preston-Werner.	Gravatar	Tom Preston-Werner
founder	Bernard Liautaud co-founded BusinessObjects in 1990 together with Denis Payre, and was chief executive officer until September 2005, when he became chairman and chief strategy officer until January 2008.	BusinessObjects	Bernard Liautaud
founder	Klein Bikes was a bicycle company founded by Gary Klein that pioneered the use of large diameter aluminum alloy tubes for greater stiffness and lower weight.	Klein Bikes	Gary Klein
founder	Appian Way Productions is a film production company established by actor and producer Leonardo DiCaprio.	Appian Way Productions	Leonardo DiCaprio
founder	The Make It Right Foundation is a non-profit foundation founded by Brad Pitt in 2007.	Make It Right Foundation	Brad Pitt
founder	Beulah London is a luxury fashion founded, in 2011, by English aristocrat Lady Natasha Rufus Isaacs and fashion designer Lavinia Brennan.	Beulah London	Lady Natasha Rufus Isaacs
founder	Mirage Studios is an independent American comic book company founded on September 30, 1983 by Kevin Eastman and Peter Laird, based in Northampton, Massachusetts and best known for the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles comic book series.	Mirage Studios	Kevin Eastman	Peter Laird
founder	The Family Research Council (FRC) is an American conservative Christian group and lobbying organization formed in the United States in 1981 by James Dobson.	Family Research Council	James Dobson
founder	Daewoo (``Dae'' Hangul: 대. Korean for ``Great'' and ``Woo'' Hangul: 우. Korean the first name of founder and chairman Kim Woo-jung) or the Daewoo Group was a major South Korean chaebol (conglomerate).	Daewoo	Kim Woo-jung
founder	Ilmor, founded by Mario Illien and Paul Morgan in November 1983, is a British independent high-performance autosport engineering company.	Ilmor	Mario Illien	Paul Morgan
founder	The Before Columbus Foundation is a nonprofit organization founded in 1976 by Ishmael Reed.	Before Columbus Foundation	Ishmael Reed
founder	Winchell's Donuts is an international doughnut company founded by Verne Winchell on October 8, 1948, in Temple City, California.	Winchell's Donuts	Verne Winchell
founder	El-Mokawloon El-Arab (Arabic: المقاولون العرب, or in English: The Arab Contractors) is an Egyptian construction and contracting company established in 1955 by Osman Ahmed Osman, an Egyptian entrepreneur and politician who served as Egypt's Housing Minister under Sadat's presidency.	El-Mokawloon El-Arab	Osman Ahmed Osman
founder	European Voluntary Service (EVS) is the European Commission's project that allows a young person (18--30 years) to become a volunteer in another country for a specified period, normally between 2--12 months.	European Voluntary Service	European Commission
founder	The Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood (later known as the Pre-Raphaelites) was a group of English painters, poets, and critics, founded in 1848 by William Holman Hunt, John Everett Millais and Dante Gabriel Rossetti.	Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood	William Holman Hunt	John Everett Millais	Dante Gabriel Rossetti
founder	The Trilateral Commission is a non-governmental, non-partisan discussion group founded by David Rockefeller in July 1973, to foster closer cooperation among North America, Western Europe, and Japan.	Trilateral Commission	David Rockefeller
founder	Hard Candy Fitness is a series of fitness centres which are a partnership between Madonna, her manager Guy Oseary and Mark Mastrov, the founder and CEO of 24 Hour Fitness.	Hard Candy Fitness	Madonna	Guy Oseary
founder	The Authenticity and Modernity Party (French: Parti Authenticité et Modernité, PAM; Arabic: حزب الأصالة والحداثة‎ Hizb Al-Asaleh Wal-Hadatheh) is a Moroccan political party founded by Fouad Ali El Himma, advisor to King Mohammed VI and former interior minister, on 10 August 2008.	Authenticity and Modernity Party	Fouad Ali El Himma
founder	PayPal was established in December 1998 as Confinity, a company that developed security software for handheld devices founded by Max Levchin, Peter Thiel, Luke Nosek and Ken Howery.	PayPal	Max Levchin	Peter Thiel	Luke Nosek	Ken Howery
founder	Tetley's Brewery (Joshua Tetley & Son Ltd) was an English regional brewery founded in 1822 by Joshua Tetley in Hunslet, now a suburb of Leeds, West Yorkshire.	Tetley's Brewery	Joshua Tetley
headquarters location	Parken Sport & Entertainment A/S (or PS&E for short) is a Danish company listed on the Copenhagen Stock Exchange.	Parken Sport & Entertainment	Copenhagen
headquarters location	Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (or APSRTC) is the state-owned road transport corporation in the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.It is headquartered at RTC House Vijayawada.	Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation	Vijayawada
headquarters location	Pizza Lucé (/ˈluːtʃeɪ/) is a pizzeria franchise in Minnesota, founded in 1993 and based in the Minneapolis--	Pizza Lucé	Minneapolis
headquarters location	BitArmor Systems Inc. was a firm based in the Gateway Center of downtown Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	BitArmor	Pittsburgh
headquarters location	Metro States Media, Inc. was a publication company headquartered in Sunnyvale, California.	Metro States Media	Sunnyvale
headquarters location	Guardian Alarm is headquartered in Southfield, MI and is one of the largest security company in North America and generates over $80 million in revenue from over 80,000 customers.	Guardian Alarm	Southfield
headquarters location	Radio Express is an independent radio syndication company based in Burbank, California, whose main focus is in markets outside the U.S. The company was founded by Tom Rounds, one of the creators of American Top 40.	Radio Express	Burbank
headquarters location	Duke Energy, headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina, is the largest electric power holding company in the United States, with assets also in Canada and Latin America.	Duke Energy	Charlotte
headquarters location	Ipca Laboratories is an international pharmaceutical company based in Mumbai, India.	Ipca Laboratories	Mumbai
headquarters location	VOSS Solutions (or VisionOSS) is a British founded multinational unified communications and collaboration corporation, presently headquartered in Richardson, Texas, United States, that provides service delivery and management software.	VOSS Solutions	Richardson
headquarters location	Exient Entertainment (also known as Exient Limited) is an independent video game developer based in Oxford, United Kingdom.	Exient Entertainment	Oxford
headquarters location	15Five is an inter-company employee feedback system founded by entrepreneur David Hassell that is based in San Francisco.	15Five	San Francisco
headquarters location	Aquafadas was launched in 2004 in Montpellier, France, by Matthieu Kopp and Claudia Zimmer, with their first product, iDive.	Aquafadas	Montpellier
headquarters location	Clyde Boats was a small, privately owned, custom boat company located in Detroit, Michigan.	Clyde Boats	Detroit
headquarters location	Bellum Entertainment Group (formerly LongNeedle Entertainment) is a Burbank, California-based television production and distribution company that specializes in development, production and distribution of TV projects for broadcast, cable, digital and ancillary markets.	Bellum Entertainment Group	Burbank
headquarters location	GroupSpaces (styled groupspaces) is a London-based online company that provides technology to help real-world clubs, societies, associations and other groups manage their membership and activities, and promote themselves online.	GroupSpaces	London
headquarters location	Spreepark was an entertainment park in the north of the Plänterwald in the Berlin district Treptow-Köpenick (formerly part of the GDR-controlled East Berlin).	Spreepark	Berlin
headquarters location	The Habit Burger Grill or just The Habit as it is commonly known, is a fast casual restaurant chain focused on hamburgers, salads, sandwiches, shakes, and french fries, with its headquarters in Irvine, California.	The Habit Burger Grill	Irvine
headquarters location	Beginning in 1934, Associated Oil Company commissioned a series of photographs to be taken to record the progress of construction on the Golden Gate Bridge and San-Francisco Oakland Bay Bridge projects.	Associated Oil Company	San-Francisco
headquarters location	Cavedog Entertainment, or Cavedog, was a video game developer based in Bothell, Washington.	Cavedog Entertainment	Bothell, Washington
headquarters location	Windermere Real Estate, a real estate company founded and based in the Windermere neighborhood of Seattle, Washington, was founded by John W. Jacobi in 1972, when he purchased an eight-agent office.	Windermere Real Estate	Seattle
headquarters location	SIGA Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:mbol/siga/real-time SIGA), a pharmaceutical company, was set up in 1995 and is now based in New York City.	SIGA Technologies	New York City
headquarters location	NewsBlur is an American software company based in New York City and San Francisco.	NewsBlur	New York City
headquarters location	Clubfinance is a financial services company based in Hemel Hempstead.	Clubfinance	Hemel Hempstead
headquarters location	Digital Rapids Corporation is a privately held technology company headquartered in Markham, Ontario, Canada that produces hardware and software for the digital media industry.	Digital Rapids Corporation	Markham
headquarters location	JEA (Jacksonville Electric Authority), located in Jacksonville, Florida, is the eighth largest community-owned electric utility company in the United States and largest in Florida.	JEA	Jacksonville
headquarters location	BankDirect is a direct banking division of the Australian owned ASB bank, providing internet and phone based banking in New Zealand.	BankDirect	New Zealand
headquarters location	In 1976, T.J. Maxx was founded in Framingham, Massachusetts by Bernard Cammarata, as a nameplate of the Zayre chain of discount department stores.	T.J. Maxx	Framingham
headquarters location	GMR Vasavi Diesel Power Plant, owned by GMR Power Corporation Limited, is a private-owned power plant located in Basin Bridge, Chennai.	GMR Vasavi Diesel Power Plant	Chennai
headquarters location	Zonophone (early on also rendered as Zon-O-Phone) was a record label founded in 1899 in Camden, New Jersey, by Frank Seaman.	Zonophone	Camden
headquarters location	Atmos Energy Corporation, headquartered in Dallas, Texas, is one of the United States' largest natural-gas-only distributors, serving over three million natural gas distribution customers in over 1,400 communities in eight states from the Blue Ridge Mountains in the East to the Rocky Mountains in the West.	Atmos Energy	Dallas
headquarters location	PF Magic was a video game developer founded in 1991 and located in San Francisco, California.	PF Magic	San Francisco
headquarters location	Litéra is an American software corporation headquartered in McLeansville, North Carolina.	Litéra	McLeansville, North Carolina
headquarters location	KeyedIn Solutions is an international business software company based in Bloomington, Minnesota.	KeyedIn Solutions	Bloomington
headquarters location	XS Software headquarters is located in Sofia, Bulgaria.	XS Software	Bulgaria
headquarters location	Digiweb is 100% Irish-owned and run, and is headquartered in Dundalk, County Louth, with its technical, installation and sales offices in Dublin.	Digiweb	Dundalk
headquarters location	Century Textile and Industries is a textile, cement, paper manufacturing and export company based in Mumbai.	Century Textile and Industries	Mumbai
headquarters location	VingCard Elsafe, whose origin was in Moss, Norway, is an international producer of hotel locking systems, electronic in-room safes and energy management systems.	VingCard Elsafe	Moss
headquarters location	Tadano Faun GmbH (own spelling TADANO FAUN) is a German manufacturer of mobile cranes based in the Franconian (Bavaria) town of Lauf an der Pegnitz.	Tadano Faun GmbH	Lauf an der Pegnitz
headquarters location	Nirvanix was an American-based provider of cloud storage services headquartered in San Diego, California, United States.	Nirvanix	San Diego
headquarters location	M Squared Lasers is a company headquartered in Glasgow, Scotland with a subsidiary, M Squared Lasers Inc. based in San Jose, California.	M Squared Lasers	San Jose
headquarters location	Simpich Character Dolls, Ltd. was a dollmaker and home-workshop employer in Colorado Springs, Colorado.	Simpich Character Dolls	Colorado Springs
headquarters location	Paul Hastings' first office was founded in Los Angeles in 1951 by Lee Paul, Robert Hastings, and Leonard Janofsky.	Paul Hastings	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Enterprise Rent-A-Car is an American car rental company headquartered in Clayton, Missouri, United States in Greater St. Louis.	Enterprise Rent-A-Car	St. Louis
headquarters location	The Handspring Puppet Company is a puppetry performance and design company established in 1981 by Adrian Kohler and Basil Jones, situated in Cape Town, South Africa.	Handspring Puppet Company	Cape Town
headquarters location	Wendl & Lung is a piano-manufacturing company based in Vienna with piano production in China via a partnership, widely regarded for their product.	Wendl & Lung	Vienna
headquarters location	Pactera (officially Pactera Technology International Ltd., 文思海辉技术有限公司) is an IT consulting and outsourcing company with corporate headquarters in Beijing, China, and regional headquarters in North American, Europe, and Asia Pacific.	Pactera	Beijing
headquarters location	Ruby Receptionists is a virtual receptionist service based in Portland, Oregon.	Ruby Receptionists	Portland
headquarters location	SalesforceIQ (formerly RelateIQ), a subsidiary of Salesforce.com, is an American enterprise software company based in Palo Alto, California.	SalesforceIQ	Palo Alto
headquarters location	Oak Knoll Winery is a privately held winery located in the Tualatin Valley near Hillsboro, Oregon, United States.	Oak Knoll Winery	Hillsboro
headquarters location	EWOS'' head office is located in Bergen.	EWOS	Bergen
headquarters location	Voodoo Doughnut is an independent doughnut shop based in Portland, Oregon, known for its unusual doughnuts, eclectic decor, and iconic pink boxes featuring the company logo and illustrations of voodoo priests.	Voodoo Doughnut	Portland
headquarters location	Red Leaf Resources, Inc, is an oil-shale company based in Salt Lake City, Utah, United States.	Red Leaf Resources	Salt Lake City
headquarters location	It was then fully bought by Carlyle, renamed Vought Aircraft Industries, and continues aerospace work today, with headquarters in Dallas, Texas.	Vought	Dallas
headquarters location	The Eberspächer Group of Companies, with headquarters in Esslingen am Neckar, Germany, is a privately owned family business that is an international automotive supplier with more than 60 locations in over 25 countries.	Eberspächer	Esslingen am Neckar
headquarters location	N-ERGIE is an energy company with headquarters in Nuremberg.	N-ERGIE	Nuremberg
headquarters location	Lefax was a company founded in 1910 by J. C. Parker in Philadelphia that produced a range of personal organisers.	Lefax	Philadelphia
headquarters location	Developing Minds Software is a Denver-based company that produces software to assist families, non-profits and education institutions that serve developmentally disabled children.	Developing Minds Software	Denver
headquarters location	In early 2012, Vostu conducted a restructuring of the company's departments, unifying developments of the games in the Buenos Aires, Argentina office and business operations in Brazil.	Vostu	Buenos Aires
headquarters location	The Institute for State Effectiveness (ISE) is a non-governmental organization based in Washington, D.C. which seeks to address the challenge of accountability and governance through a system-building approach across governments, markets and people.	Institute for State Effectiveness	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Sholl's Colonial Cafeteria, a 20th-century Washington, D.C. cafeteria-style restaurant that was famous for its popularity among tourists and government workers.	Sholl's Colonial Cafeteria	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Serotta was an American bicycle builder located in Saratoga Springs, New York.	Serotta	Saratoga Springs
headquarters location	Deathlike Silence Productions was an Oslo, Norway based independent record label founded in the late 1980s that focused primarily on black metal.	Deathlike Silence Productions	Oslo
headquarters location	Core Molding Technologies, Inc. was founded in 1988 (original name is Core Materials Corporation) and now based in Columbus, Ohio.	Core Molding Technologies, Inc	Columbus
headquarters location	Crossbeam Systems is headquartered in Boxborough, Massachusetts and has offices in Europe, Latin America and Asia Pacific.	Crossbeam Systems	Boxborough
headquarters location	Pirum is a UK-based financial services technology vendor, headquartered in the City of London.	Pirum	City of London
headquarters location	Dougall Media owns CKPR, a CTV affiliate (formerly a CBC affiliate until August 31, 2014), and CHFD, a Global affiliate, both in Thunder Bay, Ontario.	Dougall Media	Thunder Bay
headquarters location	The airline is headquartered at the Air Mauritius Centre in Port Louis, Mauritius.	Air Mauritius	Port Louis
headquarters location	Bissell Inc., also known as Bissell Homecare, is a privately owned vacuum cleaner and floor care product manufacturing corporation headquartered in Walker, Michigan in Greater Grand Rapids.	Bissell	Walker, Michigan
headquarters location	The First Somali Bank (FSB) is a bank headquartered in Mogadishu, Somalia.	First Somali Bank	Mogadishu
headquarters location	SES Astra SA was a corporate subsidiary of SES, based in Betzdorf, in eastern Luxembourg, that maintained and operated the Astra series of geostationary communication satellites between 2001 and 2011.	SES Astra	Betzdorf
headquarters location	Sparx Systems is an Australian software company founded by Geoffrey Sparks in 1996 in Creswick, Victoria in Australia, known for the development of the Unified Modeling Language tool Enterprise Architect.	Sparx Systems	Creswick
headquarters location	The first mill associated with the Illinois Steel Company was the North Chicago Rolling Mill, founded in Chicago, Illinois in 1857 as a mill to re-roll iron rails.	Illinois Steel Company	Chicago
headquarters location	Cadbury is headquartered in Uxbridge, Greater London and operates in more than fifty countries worldwide.	Cadbury	Uxbridge
headquarters location	Headquartered in Berlin and with U.S. offices headquartered in New York City, Auctionata operates a network of 250 experts who value, authenticate, and curate art objects.	Auctionata	Berlin
headquarters location	Torpex Games is a game development studio located out of Bellevue, Washington.	Torpex Games	Bellevue
headquarters location	The Cloudscaling Group, Inc., is a software company based in San Francisco, California, USA.	Cloudscaling	San Francisco
headquarters location	The Pracheachon dissolved, and many of the remaining leftists fled Phnom Penh for the forests, with the exception of several prominent figures (Khieu Samphan, Hou Yuon and Hu Nim) who had joined the Sangkum.	Pracheachon	Phnom Penh
headquarters location	Unichem Laboratories (BSE: 506690) is one of the India's oldest and largest pharmaceutical company headquartered in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.	Unichem Laboratories	Mumbai
headquarters location	The first branch of Yellow Cab Pizza Co. opened along Makati Avenue in April 2001.	Yellow Cab Pizza	Makati
headquarters location	Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers (KPCB) is a venture capital firm located on Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park in Silicon Valley.	Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers	Menlo Park
headquarters location	Stainer & Bell Limited is a British publisher of classical sheet music and books, based in London.	Stainer & Bell	London
headquarters location	Kongsberg Spacetec AS or KSPT, prior to 1994 Spacetec A/S, is a supplier of ground stations based in Tromsø, Norway.	Kongsberg Spacetec	Tromsø
headquarters location	Rotpunktverlag is a Swiss publishing house, headquartered at Hohlstrasse 86A, 8004 Zürich, Switzerland.	Rotpunktverlag	Zürich
headquarters location	Matech Concepts was an auto racing development firm based in Geneva, Switzerland and founded by Martin Bartek in 2006.	Matech Concepts	Geneva
headquarters location	Adam, Meldrum & Anderson Company (AM&A's) was a chain of department stores based in Buffalo, New York.	AM&A's	Buffalo
headquarters location	Vodafone Netherlands is based in Maastricht and Amsterdam and has around 2,800 employees.	Vodafone Netherlands	Maastricht
headquarters location	Webster University Geneva rented the Bellevue Campus property for three years before obtaining the purchasing permit from the Swiss Government in 1986.	Webster University Geneva	Bellevue
headquarters location	Symphony EYC works with organizations including the Nantes University Hospital, Marketforce, Danone, Marjane, Ahold and REWE Based in Palo Alto, California, the company maintains offices throughout the US, Europe, Middle East, Africa and Asia.	Symphony EYC	Palo Alto
headquarters location	Hambrecht & Quist (H&Q) was an investment bank based in San Francisco, California noted for its focus on the technology and internet sectors.	Hambrecht & Quist	San Francisco
headquarters location	Le Zèbre is a French make of car built between 1909 and 1931 in Puteaux, Seine.	Le Zèbre	Puteaux
headquarters location	Murphy's Brewery was a brewery founded in Cork, Ireland in 1856 by James Jeremiah Murphy (James J. Murphy).	Murphy's Brewery	Cork
headquarters location	Jays Foods was founded in 1927 in Chicago, Illinois and is currently a subsidiary of Snyder's of Hanover.	Jays Foods	Chicago
headquarters location	Ülker was founded in 1944 by Sabri and Asim Ülker, two brothers whose parents immigrated to Turkey from Crimea, commencing operations in Istanbul as a small bakery.	Ülker	Istanbul
headquarters location	Enbridge, Inc. is an energy delivery company based in Calgary, Canada.	Enbridge	Calgary
headquarters location	Good Karma Brands (GKB) is a sports marketing, event planning, retail, and radio broadcasting company based in Beaver Dam, Wisconsin.	Good Karma Brands	Beaver Dam
headquarters location	Caffarel is a chocolate-manufacturing company based in Luserna San Giovanni, Italy, which is a subsidiary of Lindt & Sprüngli.	Caffarel	Luserna San Giovanni
headquarters location	POLi Payments Pty Ltd (formerly known as Centricom) is an online payments company based in Melbourne, Australia.	POLi Payments	Melbourne
headquarters location	The MIT Sloan School of Management (also known as MIT Sloan or Sloan) is the business school of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, in Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA.	MIT Sloan School of Management	Cambridge
headquarters location	Haloila's factories are located in Masku, Finland (fully automatic wrapping machines) and Kardjali, Bulgaria (semi-automatic wrapping machines).	Haloila	Masku
headquarters location	Pendleton Woolen Mills is an American textile manufacturing company located in Portland, Oregon, United States.	Pendleton Woolen Mills	Portland
headquarters location	Michel Richard Citronelle was an American restaurant located in Georgetown, Washington, D.C. in the Latham Hotel.	Michel Richard Citronelle	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Povey Brothers Studio, also known as Povey Brothers Art Glass Works or Povey Bros. Glass Co., was an American producer of stained glass windows based in Portland, Oregon.	Povey Brothers Studio	Portland
headquarters location	Based in Stockholm, Sweden, Filippa K now operates a growing number of profile stores in Scandinavia, the Netherlands, Belgium, Germany and Switzerland.	Filippa K	Stockholm
headquarters location	Monterey Boats, Williston, FL - founded 1985 in Archer Florida by the Marshall brothers, partners, co-chairmen and CEO of the company.	Monterey Boats	Williston
headquarters location	GenArts, Inc. is a Cambridge, Massachusetts-based developer of visual effects software for the film, broadcast and advertising industries.	GenArts, Inc.	Cambridge
headquarters location	Fanny Farmer was started in Rochester, New York by Frank O'Connor in 1919 and grew to over 400 stores before being bought and consolidated.	Fanny Farmer	Rochester
headquarters location	Aqueduct Press is a publisher based in Seattle, Washington, United States which publishes material which features a feminist viewpoint.	Aqueduct Press	Seattle
headquarters location	Currently operating more than 380 stores across Canada, Mark's first opened in 1977 in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, and the retailer has evolved from an industrial accessories dealer to the number one men's casual and industrial retailer in the country.	Mark's	Calgary
headquarters location	The Anacostia Waterfront Corporation (AWC) was a government-owned corporation established in 2004 by the government of Washington, D.C., to revitalize neighborhoods next to the Anacostia River and to coordinate the environmental rehabilitation and use of the river.	Anacostia Waterfront Corporation	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Dataphone also provides collocation and hosting from its server facilities in Stockholm, Sweden.	Dataphone	Stockholm
headquarters location	Secora is based in Svolvær and has 90 employees.	Secora	Svolvær
headquarters location	Great Wall Airlines Company Limited was a cargo airline based in Shanghai, People's Republic of China.	Great Wall Airlines	Shanghai
headquarters location	McCain, Inc., is a privately held American manufacturing company headquartered in Vista, CA.	McCain, Inc.	Vista
headquarters location	Cirquility (also known as House Inc) is an American green technology financing startup headquartered in Hanover, New Hampshire, inside the Tuck School of Business.	Cirquility	Hanover
headquarters location	Shark Island Productions is an award-winning documentary film production company based in Sydney, Australia.	Shark Island Productions	Sydney
headquarters location	Steeplejack Industrial is an Edmonton, Alberta based company that provides industrial scaffolding, insulation, asbestos abatement and other related civil and industrial services.	Steeplejack Industrial	Edmonton
headquarters location	During the Battle of Berlin, Axmann's Hitler Youth formed a major part of the last line of German defense, and were reportedly among the fiercest fighters.	Hitler Youth	Berlin
headquarters location	Sycamore Partners, owner of brands including Talbots, Nine West, Stuart Weitzman and more, purchased Coldwater Creek's intellectual property (use of the name, logo and customer list) through CWC Direct LLC, and opened new headquarters in Hingham, MA.	Coldwater Creek	Hingham
headquarters location	DAC Beachcroft LLP is an international law firm headquartered in London, United Kingdom.	DAC Beachcroft	London
headquarters location	The Trisol Music Group - GmbH (or simply, ``Trisol''), is a German business group and record label headquartered in Dieburg.	Trisol Music Group	Dieburg
headquarters location	English Software was a software developer and publisher in the 1980s based in Manchester, UK.	English Software	Manchester
headquarters location	Big Boy Restaurants International, LLC is a restaurant chain with its headquarters in Warren, Michigan, in Metro Detroit.	Big Boy Restaurants	Warren
headquarters location	Osborne Clarke is a multinational law firm headquartered in London, United Kingdom with offices in the UK, Germany, Italy, Belgium, Spain, France, the Netherlands and the United States.	Osborne Clarke	London
headquarters location	Bradley Angle is a nonprofit organization based in Portland, Oregon, United States.	Bradley Angle	Portland
headquarters location	The Sammarinese Socialist Party (Italian: Partito Socialista Sammarinese, PSS) was a socialist and, later, social-democratic political party in San Marino.	Sammarinese Socialist Party	San Marino
headquarters location	Maclay Murray & Spens LLP is one of the UK's leading commercial law firms and one of Scotland's 'Big Four', with offices in Edinburgh, London and Aberdeen and headquartered in Glasgow.	Maclay Murray & Spens	Glasgow
headquarters location	Triangle Studios is a mid-sized computer game development company based in Leeuwarden, the Netherlands, founded in 2005.	Triangle Studios	Leeuwarden
headquarters location	Vienna Beef is a manufacturer of the hot dog used in the classic Chicago-style hot dog, as well as Polish sausage and Italian beef, delicacies of independent Chicago-style hot dog and beef stands.	Vienna Beef	Chicago
headquarters location	In These Times is an American politically progressive/democratic socialist monthly magazine of news and opinion published by the Institute for Public Affairs in Chicago, Illinois.	In These Times	Chicago
headquarters location	Southwestern Railways (PZZ), (Ukrainian: Південно-Західна залізниця) headquartered in Kiev, the capital of Ukraine, is a component part of the Ukrzaliznytsia company.	Southwestern Railways	Kiev
headquarters location	Nationwide Asset Services is a privately owned debt settlement company based both Phoenix, Arizona and Sacramento, California.	Nationwide Asset Services	Phoenix
headquarters location	The South Dakota State Historical Society Press is an American book publishing company based in Pierre, South Dakota.	South Dakota State Historical Society	Pierre
headquarters location	DFJ Frontier is an American venture capital firm with offices in Los Angeles, Sacramento, and Santa Barbara, California as well as Portland, Oregon.	DFJ Frontier	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Major League Productions is a record label from the United Kingdom based in Oxfordshire and was founded in 1991 it operates in 100 different countries and as of 2013 had 39 employees	Major League Productions	Oxfordshire
headquarters location	Sabra Freight Services is a Lebanese shipping company founded in 1992 and headquartered in Beirut, Lebanon.	Sabra Freight Services	Beirut
headquarters location	Dinkelacker is a brand of German beer brewed in Stuttgart, Baden-Württemberg.	Dinkelacker	Stuttgart
headquarters location	Stormfront Studios was a video game developer based in San Rafael, California which had one of the longest creative histories in the industry.	Stormfront Studios	San Rafael
headquarters location	Tightrope Books is a Canadian independent book publisher based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Tightrope Books	Toronto
headquarters location	The Community Foundation of Northern Colorado is an independent philanthropic organization that serves the Northern Colorado community including Berthoud, Estes Park, Fort Collins, and Loveland.	Community Foundation of Northern Colorado	Fort Collins
headquarters location	Alisport srl is an Italian aircraft manufacturer based in Cremella.	Alisport	Cremella
headquarters location	United Community Bank is a regional US bank holding company providing retail and corporate banking services with headquarters in Blairsville, Georgia.	United Community Bank	Blairsville, Georgia
headquarters location	Altai State University, founded in 1973, is a university in Barnaul, Russia.	Altai State University	Barnaul
headquarters location	Promine was founded originally as Yvan Dionne Inc, by the company's founder and President Yvan Dionne over twenty years ago in Quebec, Canada.	Promine	Quebec
headquarters location	Norm Winningstad helped found Thrustmaster in 1990 in Hillsboro, Oregon.	Thrustmaster	Hillsboro
headquarters location	Turn 10 Studios (abbreviated to T10 or Turn 10) is an American video game developer located in Redmond, Washington.	Turn 10 Studios	Redmond
headquarters location	Centaur Media (LSE: CAU) is a London-based business-to-business magazine and digital publishing group, formed in 1981, and incorporated as a public limited company.	Centaur Media	London
headquarters location	Mahle Behr GmbH & Co. KG is a German corporation active in the automobile industry, headquartered in Stuttgart-Feuerbach.	Behr GmbH & Co. KG	Stuttgart
headquarters location	MKG Group is a European-based company, headquartered in Paris, France.	MKG Group	Paris
headquarters location	The Guerry et Bourguignon was a French automobile built only in 1907 by a cycle company from Paris.	Guerry et Bourguignon	Paris
headquarters location	Pillar Data Systems, a computer data storage company headquartered in San Jose, California, developed midrange and enterprise network storage systems.	Pillar Data Systems	San Jose
headquarters location	New Belgium Brewing Company is a craft brewery located in Fort Collins, Colorado.	New Belgium Brewing Company	Fort Collins
headquarters location	The Empire Life Insurance Company (Empire Life or Empire Vie) is a Canadian life insurance and financial services company with its headquarters in Kingston, Ontario, Canada.	Empire Life	Kingston
headquarters location	Haier Group is a Chinese multinational consumer electronics and home appliances company headquartered in Qingdao, Shandong province, China.	Haier	Qingdao
headquarters location	To test speaker drivers, JBL in Glendale and Northridge used the roof as an outdoor equivalent to an anechoic chamber.	JBL	Northridge
headquarters location	The Quaker Oats Company is an American food conglomerate based in Chicago.	Quaker Oats Company	Chicago
headquarters location	CME Group Inc. (Chicago Mercantile Exchange & Chicago Board of Trade) is an American futures company and one of the largest options and futures exchanges.	CME Group	Chicago
headquarters location	On 2 January 2001 FuelWatch commenced daily monitoring of prices for petrol, diesel and LPG within metropolitan Perth and many regional areas in the South West of the state.	FuelWatch	Perth
headquarters location	Fyens Stiftstidende is a daily newspaper in Denmark and has its headquarters in Odense.	Fyens Stiftstidende	Odense
headquarters location	Taptu was a privately held company that was founded in Cambridge in 2007 and was funded by DFJ Esprit and Sofinnova.	Taptu	Cambridge
headquarters location	Outblaze was founded in 1998 in Hong Kong and received considerable media attention around the time of the dot-com bubble.	Outblaze	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Getty Images, Inc. is an American stock photo agency, based in Seattle, Washington, United States.	Getty Images	Seattle
headquarters location	Heritage USA was an American Christian theme park, water park, and residential complex built in Fort Mill, South Carolina by PTL Club (short for ``Praise The Lord'') founders televangelist Jim and Tammy Faye Bakker.	Heritage USA	Fort Mill, South Carolina
headquarters location	Nuance Communications is an American multinational computer software technology corporation, headquartered in Burlington, Massachusetts, United States on the outskirts of Boston, that provides speech and imaging applications.	Nuance Communications	Burlington
headquarters location	US Highland's 33,000-square-foot (3,100 m2) factory opened in Tulsa on June 1, 2010 and is expected to produce hundreds of off-road motorcycles a year.	US Highland	Tulsa
headquarters location	In Dhaka, the team from Waste Concern collects rubbish for recycling.	Waste Concern	Dhaka
headquarters location	Heublein was originally a restaurant in Hartford, Connecticut founded in 1862 by Andrew Heublein, a German American entrepreneur.	Heublein	Hartford
headquarters location	Phoseon Technology is a privately owned electronic manufacturing company based in Hillsboro in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Phoseon Technology	Hillsboro
headquarters location	Karenjy is an automobile manufacturer based in Fianarantsoa, Madagascar.	Karenjy	Fianarantsoa
headquarters location	Hyperoptic is a fibre-based Internet Service Provider (ISP) installing and maintaining its own dedicated network, based in West London.	Hyperoptic	London
headquarters location	Hymer AG is a motorhome and caravan manufacturer, located in Bad Waldsee, Germany.	Hymer	Bad Waldsee
headquarters location	Fort Digital Pte Ltd (formerly Fort Digital) is a software company registered with ACRA in Singapore, delivering primarily SMS solutions.	Fort Digital	Singapore
headquarters location	Iran Tribunal is an international people´s court and a non-binding legal tribunal residing in The Hague, the Netherlands, aiming to investigate serious allegations of Human Rights violations and Crimes against humanity in the Islamic Republic of Iran during the 1980s.	Iran Tribunal	The Hague	Netherlands
headquarters location	Barneys New York is an American chain of luxury department stores headquartered in New York City.	Barneys New York	New York City
headquarters location	Audi oversees worldwide operations from its headquarters in Ingolstadt, Bavaria, Germany.	Audi	Ingolstadt
headquarters location	This led to a $5.5 million venture funding round, which prompted Backupify to relocate from Louisville, KY to Cambridge, MA.	Backupify	Cambridge
headquarters location	The Oregon Nursery Company (also known as Orenco) was a nursery company founded and originally operated in Salem, Oregon, United States.	Oregon Nursery Company	Orenco
headquarters location	Brionvega is an Italian electronics company, established in Milan in 1945, now located in Pordenone, Friuli-Venezia Giulia, Italy.	Brionvega	Pordenone
headquarters location	Georg Neumann GmbH (Neumann), founded in 1928 and based in Berlin, Germany, is a prominent manufacturer of professional recording microphones.	Georg Neumann	Berlin
headquarters location	Third Wire Productions Inc., (also known simply as Thirdwire or Third Wire), is a C corporation based in Austin, Texas, USA; it is an independent software development company founded in 1999 to create multimedia entertainment, such as flight-simulation and strategy games.	Third Wire	Austin
headquarters location	In February 1998, the state sold its last shares and the remaining shares on the market were exchanged with shares in Bank Austria, and Creditanstalt was delisted from the Vienna Stock Exchange.	Bank Austria	Vienna
headquarters location	JD.com or Jingdong Mall (Chinese: 京东商城; pinyin: Jīngdōng Shāngchéng), formerly 360buy, is a Chinese electronic commerce company headquartered in Beijing.	JD.com	Beijing
headquarters location	Landmark Worldwide (formerly Landmark Education), or simply Landmark, is a company offering personal development programs, headquartered in San Francisco.	Landmark Worldwide	San Francisco
headquarters location	Sweaty Betty was founded in 1998 by Tamara and Simon Hill-Norton with one boutique in London's Notting Hill.	Sweaty Betty	London
headquarters location	The LSVD was founded in Berlin, but is currently based in Cologne.	LSVD	Berlin
headquarters location	AC Propulsion is a San Dimas, California, USA company founded in 1992 by Alan Cocconi and Wally Rippel that specializes in alternating current-based drivetrain systems for electric vehicles.	AC Propulsion	San Dimas
headquarters location	The Bornemisza Péter High School (Hungarian: Bornemissza Péter Gimnázium) is a secondary school located in Budapest.	Bornemisza Péter High School	Budapest
headquarters location	Robert Siegel Architects is a New York City based architecture firm with the business in creation of public buildings, academic and cultural facilities, and commercial and residential interiors.	Robert Siegel Architects	New York City
headquarters location	In 1988, the German Lettre International was founded in Berlin, by chief editor Frank Berberich.	Lettre International	Berlin
headquarters location	Frost Bros. was a high-fashion retail chain based in San Antonio, Texas.	Frost Bros.	San Antonio
headquarters location	Petrolifera Petroleum Limited headquartered in Calgary, Alberta was a Canadian oil and gas company engaged in exploration and production activity in South America.	Petrolifera Petroleum	Calgary
headquarters location	DigiFX Interactive was an American video game developer with headquarters in Dallas, Texas.	DigiFX Interactive	Dallas
headquarters location	Globoforce is a multinational company co-headquartered in Southborough, Massachusetts and Dublin, providing cloud-based (software as a service), human capital management (HCM) software solutions.	Globoforce	Dublin
headquarters location	The Schwäbische Zeitung is a German newspaper headquartered published by Schwäbisch Media under the name and headquartered in Ravensburg, Upper Swabia.	Schwäbische Zeitung	Ravensburg
headquarters location	Tea Collection is a globally-inspired, San Francisco-based children's clothing company co-founded in 2002 by Emily Meyer and Leigh Rawdon.	Tea Collection	San Francisco
headquarters location	Rialto Film is a German motion-picture production company headquartered in Berlin.	Rialto Film	Berlin
headquarters location	In November 2005, 25% of Endemol was taken public, and is since then listed on the Euronext Amsterdam exchange under the stock symbol EML.	Endemol	Amsterdam
headquarters location	Il Sole 24 Ore has its headquarters in Milan and is published in broadsheet format.	Il Sole 24 Ore	Milan
headquarters location	The National Library of the Netherlands (Dutch: Koninklijke Bibliotheek or KB; Royal Library) is based in The Hague and was founded in 1798.	National Library of the Netherlands	The Hague
headquarters location	Echoworx, an email encryption software company, is based in Toronto, Canada, with offices in Atlanta and London.	Echoworx	Toronto
headquarters location	Sunlight Electric was the first certified green solar energy company as well as the first commercial solar project to receive San Francisco's GoSolar incentive.	Sunlight Electric	San Francisco
headquarters location	University College School, generally known as UCS, is an independent school charity situated in Hampstead, northwest London, England.	University College School	Hampstead
headquarters location	Brasserie Nationale is the largest brewery in Luxembourg, based in Bascharage.	Brasserie Nationale	Bascharage
headquarters location	Commonwealth Edison, commonly known as ComEd, is the largest electric utility in Illinois, serving the Chicago and Northern Illinois area.	Commonwealth Edison	Chicago
headquarters location	Eshraghanimation Co is an independent production company located in Tehran, IRAN which creates animated feature and short films, television programs, documentaries, series .	Eshraghanimation Co	Tehran
headquarters location	Panathinaikos F.C. (Greek: ΠΑΕ Παναθηναϊκός Α.Ο.), also known simply as Panathinaikos, or with its full name Panathinaikos A.O. (Greek: Παναθηναϊκός Αθλητικός Όμιλος, transliterated ``Panathinaikos Athlitikos Omilos'', Panathenaic Athletic Club) are a Greek professional football club based in the City of Athens.	Panathinaikos F.C.	Athens
headquarters location	Lafayette Radio Electronics Corporation was a radio manufacturer and retailer based in Syosset, New York.	Lafayette Radio Electronics	Syosset, New York
headquarters location	Deseret Industries also sells new furniture, much of it received from its manufacturing plant in Salt Lake City.	Deseret Industries	Salt Lake City
headquarters location	Khim Prom (Ukrainian: Хим-Пром; Russian: Хим-Пром), is a chemical factory located in Kharkiv Oblast about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) from the city of Pervomaiskyi, Ukraine.	Khim Prom	Kharkiv Oblast
headquarters location	H. Kramer and Company is a brass smelting company located in the Pilsen neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois, United States.	H. Kramer and Company	Chicago
headquarters location	The Crawford Automobile was a highly regarded small-production car made in Hagerstown, Maryland throughout the 1910s and early 1920s.	Crawford Automobile	Hagerstown
headquarters location	The first company bearing the name White Star Line was founded in Liverpool, England, by John Pilkington and Henry Wilson in 1845.	White Star Line	Liverpool
headquarters location	Nady Systems, Inc. is a professional / consumer audio products manufacturer based in Emeryville, California.	Nady Systems, Inc.	Emeryville
headquarters location	The Parkinson Association of the Rockies (PAR) is a Colorado care and research not-for-profit organization whose aim is to enhance the quality of life for individuals with Parkinson's disease through education, research, awareness and support for those with Parkinson's disease, their families and the community.	Parkinson Association of the Rockies	Colorado
headquarters location	Sound Diplomacy is a London, Barcelona and Berlin-based music agency.	Sound Diplomacy	London
headquarters location	BM and MEC are operated under lease by ST. Pan Am Railways is headquartered in Iron Horse Park in North Billerica, Massachusetts.	Pan Am Railways	Billerica
headquarters location	Kann's was the second Washington D.C. based department store chain to open a suburban location in nearby Northern Virginia.	Kann's	Washington D.C.
headquarters location	Motion Blur or Motion Blur Game Studio (Turkish: Motion Blur Oyun Stüdyosu) founded in 2004, Ataşehir, Istanbul based computer game developer.	Motion Blur	Ataşehir
headquarters location	Erlebacher's was a high-fashion ladies specialty store that operated in Washington, D.C. The location at 1222 F. Street, NW, opened on October 14, 1907, as G. Erlebacher.	Erlebacher's	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	My.T is an IPTV service in Mauritius.	My.T	Mauritius
headquarters location	Blood-Horse Publications is an American multimedia publishing house focused on horse-related magazines headquartered in Lexington, Kentucky.	Blood-Horse Publications	Lexington
headquarters location	Steidl is a German-language publisher, an international publisher of photobooks, and a printing company, based in Göttingen, Germany.	Steidl	Göttingen
headquarters location	Gamecock Media Group was a video game publisher based in Austin, Texas.	Gamecock Media Group	Austin
headquarters location	The Jenoptik Group headquarters are in Jena (Thuringia).	Jenoptik	Jena
headquarters location	Danish Agro is a cooperative farm supply company headquartered in Karise south of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Danish Agro	Karise
headquarters location	Pizza Fusion is a Deerfield Beach, Florida-based pizza restaurant chain.	Pizza Fusion	Deerfield Beach
headquarters location	Edelsbrunner Automobile München was a small Bavarian car company based in Munich, Germany.	Edelsbrunner Automobile München	Munich
headquarters location	The Scottish Building Society is a building society based in Edinburgh, Scotland.	Scottish Building Society	Edinburgh
headquarters location	Ailsa Shipbuilding Company was a Scottish shipbuilding company based in Troon and Ayr, Ayrshire.	Ailsa Shipbuilding Company	Troon
headquarters location	NovaBay Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is an Emeryville, California based clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, focused on developing novel, fast-acting, synthetic anti-infectives compounds.	NovaBay Pharmaceuticals	Emeryville
headquarters location	Biocutis started in Chile in 1992, since then it has moved to the United States locating its headquarters in Carson City, Nevada, the company sells its products on an online-only Business Model shipping its products world wide with country specific websites in UK, Spain, France, Germany, Italy and Netherlands.	Biocutis	Nevada
headquarters location	The Alfalfa Club is a Washington, D.C. social organization that exists only to hold an annual banquet on the last Saturday of January.	Alfalfa Club	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Sir William Arrol & Co. was a leading Scottish civil engineering business founded by William Arrol and based in Glasgow.	Sir William Arrol & Co.	Glasgow
headquarters location	Habermaaß GmbH is a German toy manufacturing company based in Bad Rodach, Bavaria.	Habermaaß	Bad Rodach
headquarters location	LeMessurier Consultants is a Boston, Massachusetts firm, founded by William LeMessurier in 1961.	LeMessurier Consultants	Boston
headquarters location	PowaKaddy or PowaKaddy International Limited is a golf equipment manufacturing company based in Sittingbourne, Kent, Great Britain that specialises in electric golf trolleys.	PowaKaddy	Sittingbourne
headquarters location	Avenue Video was a video tape, video game and DVD rental shop (formerly a chain) located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Avenue Video	Montreal
headquarters location	The Institute of Red Professors of the All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks) (Russian: Институ́т кра́сной профессу́ры, ИКП) was an institute of graduate-level education in the Marxist social sciences located in the Orthodox Convent of the Passion, Moscow.	Institute of Red Professors	Moscow
headquarters location	Modern Television is a British production company based in Cardiff and London.	Modern Television	Cardiff
headquarters location	Lambie-Nairn is an international branding agency within the WPP Group, headquartered in London with offices in Europe, the Middle East and Latin America.	Lambie-Nairn	London
headquarters location	Film i Väst (translated as ``Film in west'') is a film company located in Trollhättan, Sweden, founded in 1992.	Film i Väst	Trollhättan
headquarters location	Toon City is an animation studio located in Manila, Philippines.	Toon City	Manila
headquarters location	The Investment Bank of Greece (Greek: Επενδυτική Τράπεζα Ελλάδος) is a Greek investment bank subsidiary of the Cyprus Popular Bank with headquarters in Athens.	Investment Bank of Greece	Athens
headquarters location	Global operations for Teletrax are managed by Civolution with offices in Eindhoven, Netherlands, London, New York, and Los Angeles.	Teletrax	London
headquarters location	Fleet Support Limited (FSL) is a British company formed to run HMNB Portsmouth's Fleet Maintenance and Repair Organisation (FMRO) on a commercial basis.	Fleet Support Limited	Portsmouth
headquarters location	Shalom Baranes Associates, PC is an architectural design firm located in Washington, D.C., in the United States.	Shalom Baranes Associates	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Emery Telcom was founded in 1950 as a Cooperative in Orangeville, Utah.	Emery Telcom	Orangeville
headquarters location	GM-AvtoVAZ is a joint venture in Russia between General Motors and AvtoVAZ set up in 2001 and began producing the Chevrolet Niva, based on the Lada Niva, at its factory in Tolyatti from 2002.	GM-AvtoVAZ	Tolyatti
headquarters location	The Villa Arson, also referred to as the École Nationale Supérieure d'Arts à la Villa Arson (National School of Fine Arts at the Villa Arson), is a French art museum, elite school and research institution for contemporary art, located in Nice, France.	Villa Arson	Nice
headquarters location	Echologics LLC is a Toronto-based engineering company that specializes in non-invasive acoustic detection of underground leaks and pipe condition assessment.	Echologics	Toronto
headquarters location	Founded in Galway, Ireland in 1985 as Cashback Ltd., Premier Tax Free facilitated VAT refunds for international visitors to Ireland; a service that enables non-resident visitors to reclaim VAT on goods they purchase and privately export, according to EU legislation.	Premier Tax Free	Galway
headquarters location	The Norton Motorcycle Company (formerly Norton Motors, Ltd.) is a British motorcycle marque, originally from Birmingham, UK.	Norton Motorcycle Company	Birmingham
headquarters location	Crowell & Moring is an international law firm headquartered in Washington, D.C., with offices in Irvine, New York City, Los Angeles, Anchorage, San Francisco, Cheyenne, London, Brussels and affiliate offices Cairo and Riyadh.	Crowell & Moring	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Mid-Atlantic Freight is an American charter airline based in Greensboro, North Carolina, USA.	Mid-Atlantic Freight	Greensboro
headquarters location	BAE Systems Southeast Shipyards is headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida, with shipyards at Jacksonville, Mayport, Florida and Mobile, Alabama.	BAE Systems Southeast Shipyards	Jacksonville
headquarters location	Promises Treatment Centers is a for-profit provider of residential drug and alcohol rehabilitation with facilities in Malibu, California and West Los Angeles, California.	Promises Treatment Centers	Malibu
headquarters location	Hyde Street Studios is a music recording facility in San Francisco, CA.	Hyde Street Studios	San Francisco
headquarters location	John Harvey & Sons is a brand (trading name) of a wine and sherry blending and merchant business started by John Harvey in Bristol, England in 1796.	John Harvey & Sons	Bristol
headquarters location	South Ural State University (SUSU) (Russian: Южно-Уральский Государственный Университет (ЮУрГУ)) in Chelyabinsk is one of the largest educational institutions in Russia.	South Ural State University	Chelyabinsk
headquarters location	Channel Home Centers (formerly known as Channel Lumber Company and often simply known as Channel) was a chain of home-improvement centers that was based in Whippany, New Jersey.	Channel Home Centers	Whippany
headquarters location	Mithun, Inc. (Mithun) is a multidisciplinary professional services firm headquartered in the city of Seattle in Washington state in the United States of America offering integrated design services related to architecture, land use planning, landscape architecture, interior architecture, interior design, and ``cultural audits'' with a focus on sustainability.	Mithun, Inc	Seattle
headquarters location	GRG Banking is a subsidiary of Guangzhou Radio Group (GRG) that was established in 1957.	GRG Banking	Guangzhou
headquarters location	Established in 1998, Radio IP Software is headquartered in Montreal, Canada and has offices in Florida, USA and London, England.	Radio IP Software	Montreal
headquarters location	ThreeSixty is Hong Kong's largest retailer of natural foods and organic foods.	ThreeSixty	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Odyssey Space Research, LLC is a small business based in Houston, Texas near NASA Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center providing engineering research and analysis services.	Odyssey Space Research	Houston
headquarters location	Schlage (pronounced /ˈʃleɪɡ/ SHLAYG) is a lock manufacturer founded in 1920 by Walter Schlage in San Francisco.	Schlage	San Francisco
headquarters location	Benedetti's Pizza is a Mexican fast food pizza delivery and restaurant chain headquartered in Colima, Colima, founded by Felipe Baeza in 1983.	Benedetti's Pizza	Colima
headquarters location	The Center for Security Policy (CSP) is a Washington, D.C.-based national security think tank that has been widely accused of engaging in conspiracy theorizing by a range of individuals, media outlets and organizations.	Center for Security Policy	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	North-Caucasus Federal University (Russian: Северо-Кавказский федеральный университет), abbreviated as NCFU (Russian: СКФУ) is a public university in Stavropol Krai, Russia with campuses in Stavropol and Pyatigorsk.	North-Caucasus Federal University	Stavropol
headquarters location	Buns and Guns was a fast-food restaurant in Sfeir, a southern suburb of Beirut, Lebanon in a Hezbollah controlled area.	Buns and Guns	Beirut
headquarters location	Entanet's colocation facilities are based in Telford, London and Slough.	Entanet	Telford
headquarters location	Ganas is an intentional community founded in 1979 in Tompkinsville, Staten Island.	Ganas	Staten Island
headquarters location	MICROS Systems, Inc.; now owned by Oracle Corporation, was headquartered in Columbia, Maryland, USA.	MICROS Systems	Columbia
member of sports team	Kirill Gotovets (born June 25, 1991) is a Belarusian ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Rockford IceHogs of the American Hockey League (AHL).	Kirill Gotovets	Rockford IceHogs
member of sports team	Juan Luis Guirado Aldeguer (born 27 August 1979), nicknamed Juani, is a Filipino footballer who plays for Ceres F.C. on loan from CD Burgos and the Philippines national team.	Juan Luis Guirado	Ceres F.C.
member of sports team	Roynell Young (born December 1, 1957) is a former professional American football safety and cornerback who played for the Philadelphia Eagles his entire National Football League (NFL) career, from 1980 to 1988.	Roynell Young	Philadelphia Eagles
member of sports team	Federico Mociulsky (born 15 July 1989 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine professional association football player contracted to Deportivo Roca.	Federico Mociulsky	Deportivo Roca
member of sports team	Allan Kyambadde is a Ugandan professional footballer, who plays as a Midfielder for Express F.C..	Allan Kyambadde	Express F.C.
member of sports team	Milan Strelec (born 30 November 1972) is a retired Slovak football striker who currently plays for FC Petržalka akadémia in 5.	Milan Strelec	FC Petržalka akadémia
member of sports team	Ted Smale (born June 1932) is a former defensive end and tight end in the Canadian Football League with the Ottawa Rough Riders from 1956 to 1962.	Ted Smale	Ottawa Rough Riders
member of sports team	Brad Sewell (born 2 February 1984) is a former Australian rules footballer who played twelve seasons for the Hawthorn Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Brad Sewell	Hawthorn Football Club
member of sports team	Zoran Filipović (Serbian Cyrillic: Зоран Филиповић; born 6 February 1953) is a former Yugoslav footballer of great success in the 1970s and 1980s for Red Star Belgrade and S.L. Benfica.	Zoran Filipović	S.L. Benfica
member of sports team	Ganbaataryn Tögsbayar (Mongolian: Ганбаатарын Төгсбаяр; born on 13 May 1985) is a Mongolian footballer, who plays as a striker for Selenge Press in Mongolia.	Ganbaataryn Tögsbayar	Selenge Press
member of sports team	Matt Garvey (born 23 October 1987) is a second row who also can play in the back row as well, and is playing for Bath Rugby and has played for the England Saxons team.	Matt Garvey	Bath Rugby
member of sports team	Alain Rochat (born 1 February 1983 in Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Quebec, Canada) is a Swiss footballer who plays for BSC Young Boys.	Alain Rochat	BSC Young Boys
member of sports team	Ion Echaide Sola (born 5 January 1988 in Pamplona, Navarre) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Toledo as a defender.	Ion Echaide	CD Toledo
member of sports team	Don Bessillieu (born May 4, 1956) was a National Football League safety for the Miami Dolphins, the St. Louis Cardinals, and the Los Angeles Raiders.	Don Bessillieu	Miami Dolphins
member of sports team	Jonny May (born 1 April 1990) is a rugby union footballer, currently playing in the Aviva Premiership for Gloucester Rugby.	Jonny May	Gloucester Rugby
member of sports team	Bartosz Bereszyński (Polish pronunciation: (ˈbartɔʂ bɛrɛˈʂɨɲskʲi); born 12 July 1992) is a Polish international footballer who plays professionally for Legia Warsaw as a defender.	Bartosz Bereszyński	Legia Warsaw
member of sports team	Matías Vitkieviez (born in Montevideo, Uruguay, 16 May 1985) is an Uruguayan-born Swiss association footballer who plays for FC St. Gallen.	Matías Vitkieviez	FC St. Gallen
member of sports team	Dougie Hall (born 24 September 1980) is a former Scottish international rugby union player, who played over 100 games for the Glasgow Warriors and won 42 caps for Scotland.	Dougie Hall	Glasgow Warriors
member of sports team	Wehebe Darge (born 4 December 1991) is an Australian ice hockey player playing for the Adelaide Adrenaline in the Australian Ice Hockey League.	Wehebe Darge	Adelaide Adrenaline
member of sports team	Gerard Badía Cortés (born 18 October 1989 in Horta de Sant Joan, Tarragona, Catalonia) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Polish club Piast Gliwice as a midfielder.	Gerard Badía	Piast Gliwice
member of sports team	Filip Ivanovski (Macedonian: Филип Ивановски, born 1 May 1985) is a footballer from Macedonia now playing for FK Vardar.	Filip Ivanovski	FK Vardar
member of sports team	Lamont Bryan (born 12 April 1988 in Germany) is a German born Jamaican international rugby league player for the London Skolars in the Championship 1.	Lamont Bryan	London Skolars
member of sports team	Piotr Bagnicki (born December 10, 1980 in Kraków) is a Polish footballer (striker) playing last for Sandecja Nowy Sącz.	Piotr Bagnicki	Sandecja Nowy Sącz
member of sports team	Rory Underwood MBE (born 19 June 1963) is a record-breaking former English rugby union footballer who played wing for, most notably, Leicester Tigers and the Royal Air Force.	Rory Underwood	Leicester Tigers
member of sports team	Paweł Olkowski (born February 13, 1990 in Ozimek) is a Polish footballer who currently plays as Right back for German club 1. FC Köln and the Poland national team.	Paweł Olkowski	1. FC Köln
member of sports team	Federico Barba (born 1 September 1993) is an Italian footballer who plays for German club VfB Stuttgart, on loan from Empoli.	Federico Barba	VfB Stuttgart
member of sports team	Leandro Antonio Martínez (born 15 October 1989) is an Italian Argentine footballer who plays as a forward for Szombathelyi Haladás.	Leandro Antonio Martínez	Szombathelyi Haladás
member of sports team	Tim Alioto is a retired American soccer Defender who spent most of his career with the amateur Milwaukee Bavarians.	Tim Alioto	Milwaukee Bavarians
member of sports team	Julio Velázquez Santiago (born 5 October 1981) is a Spanish football manager, currently in charge of Portuguese club C.F. Os Belenenses.	Julio Velázquez	C.F. Os Belenenses
member of sports team	Jon Abrahamsen (born 8 May 1951) is a former Norwegian football goalkeeper known for his time at FK Bodø/Glimt (played over 300 games 1975-81 in the Norwegian First Division) where he won the Norwegian Football Cup 1975.	Jon Abrahamsen	FK Bodø/Glimt
member of sports team	Petr Ševčík (born 2 May 1994) is a professional Czech football player who currently plays for SFC Opava, on loan from SK Sigma Olomouc.	Petr Ševčík	SFC Opava
member of sports team	Alfred Songoro ( 10 January 1975 ) is a professional rugby league footballer, playing at representative level for Papua New Guinea, and at club level for Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, and Union Treiziste Catalan, as a Wing, or Centre.	Alfred Songoro	Wakefield Trinity Wildcats
member of sports team	Ekele Udojoh (born 29 September 1989 in Lagos, Nigeria) is a Nigerian footballer who currently playing for Malkiya Club of Bahrain.	Ekele Udojoh	Malkiya Club
member of sports team	Mukhthar Naseer is a Maldivian international footballer, who is currently plays for New Radiant SC in the Maldives.	Mukhthar Naseer	New Radiant SC
member of sports team	Balázs Banai (born 9 December 1992 in Budapest) is a Hungarian Midfielder who currently plays for Kozármisleny SE.	Balázs Banai	Kozármisleny SE
member of sports team	Jordan Georgievski (Macedonian: Јордан Георгиевски; born 29 January 1981 in Skopje, SFR Yugoslavia) is Macedonian football goalkeeper who plays for FK Teteks.	Jordan Georgievski	FK Teteks
member of sports team	Blair Russel (September 17, 1880 -- December 7, 1961) was a Canadian amateur ice hockey forward who played for the Montreal Victorias.	Blair Russel	Montreal Victorias
member of sports team	Cleveland Elam (April 5, 1952 -- July 12, 2012) was a former American football defensive tackle who played for the San Francisco 49ers and the Detroit Lions in an injury-shortened five-year career that lasted from 1975 to 1979 in the National Football League.	Cleveland Elam	San Francisco 49ers	Detroit Lions
member of sports team	Mark Nordquist (born November 3, 1945 in Long Beach, California) is a former professional American football offensive lineman the who played a total of nine seasons in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles and the Chicago Bears.	Mark Nordquist	Philadelphia Eagles	Chicago Bears
member of sports team	Patrik Bärtschi (born August 20, 1984) is a Swiss professional ice hockey Winger currently playing for ZSC Lions of the National League A (NLA).	Patrik Bärtschi	ZSC Lions
member of sports team	Ardian Mema (born 16 November 1971 in Tiranë) is a former Albanian football player and coach who spent his entire career with KF Tirana between 1989 and 2003 and has manage both the senior team and the reserves in 2007 and 2013 respectively.	Ardian Mema	KF Tirana
member of sports team	Agnese Ricco is an Italian football striker, currently playing for Milan ACF in Serie A. She has also played for FCF Como, Torres CF, ASD Fiammamonza and Mozzanica CF, plus Rapid Lugano in the Swiss Nationalliga.	Agnese Ricco	FCF Como
member of sports team	Goran Marinković (Serbian Cyrillic: Гopaн Mapинкoвић, born January 8, 1979 in Subotica) is a Serbian football midfielder playing with OFK Petrovac.	Goran Marinković	OFK Petrovac
member of sports team	Seyi Olajengbesi (born 17 November 1980 in Ibadan) is a Nigerian footballer, currently playing for German club SV Sandhausen.	Seyi Olajengbesi	SV Sandhausen
member of sports team	John Shmyr (born January 2, 1945) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player who played 89 games in the World Hockey Association for the Winnipeg Jets, Chicago Cougars and Vancouver Blazers.	John Shmyr	Winnipeg Jets
member of sports team	Bo Eason (born March 10, 1961) is a former professional American football player who played safety for four seasons for the Houston Oilers.	Bo Eason	Houston Oilers
member of sports team	Marcus Peixoto (born 9 March 1984) is an Indian professional footballer who last played as a defender for Dempo S.C. in the I-League.	Marcus Peixoto	Dempo S.C.
member of sports team	Zsolt Makra (born 24 May 1982 in Szeged) is a Hungarian football defender playing for Békéscsaba 1912 Előre SE.	Zsolt Makra	Békéscsaba 1912 Előre SE
member of sports team	Elia Ostwald (born March 17, 1988) is a German professional ice hockey forward who currently plays on loan with Eispiraten Crimmitschau of the 2.GBun from the Hamburg Freezers of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL) .	Elia Ostwald	Hamburg Freezers
member of sports team	James Reaves is a professional basketball player for the Rochester Razorsharks of the PBL.	James Reaves	Rochester Razorsharks
member of sports team	Troy Hudson (born March 13, 1976) is an American retired professional basketball point guard who last played with the Sioux Falls Skyforce of the NBA Development League.	Troy Hudson	Sioux Falls Skyforce
member of sports team	Sylvestre Arnaud Séka (born 30 October 1985 in Abomey) is a Beninese football player who currently plays in Benin for Tonnerre d'Abomey FC.	Arnaud Séka	Tonnerre d'Abomey FC
member of sports team	Oleksandr Chornomorets (Ukrainian: Олександр Сергійович Чорноморець; born 5 April 1993 in Zelenodolask, Apostolove Raion, Dnipropetrovsk Oblast, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv in the Ukrainian First League.	Oleksandr Chornomorets	FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv
member of sports team	Lorenzo Staiti (born 27 February 1987 in Treviso) is an Italian footballer who plays for Virtus Entella as a midfielder.	Lorenzo Staiti	Virtus Entella
member of sports team	Martin Hinteregger (born 7 September 1992) is an Austrian professional footballer who plays for Borussia Mönchengladbach, on loan from FC Red Bull Salzburg as a defender.	Martin Hinteregger	FC Red Bull Salzburg
member of sports team	Pedro Munitis Álvarez (born 19 June 1975) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mainly as a forward, and the current manager of Racing de Santander.	Pedro Munitis	Racing de Santander
member of sports team	Robert Lisjak (born 5 February 1978) is a Croatian Goalkeeper who plays for NK Osijek in Prva HNL.	Robert Lisjak	NK Osijek
member of sports team	Dorianne Theuma (born 17 May 1984) is a Maltese football midfielder playing for Hibernians F.C..	Dorianne Theuma	Hibernians F.C.
member of sports team	René Tórgarð (born 3 August 1979) is an Faroese international footballer who plays club football for EB/Streymur, as a goalkeeper.	René Tórgarð	EB/Streymur
member of sports team	Juan Daniel Roa Reyes (born 20 August 1991), commonly known as JuanDa or Roa, is a Colombian professional footballer who plays for Club Independiente Santa Fe as a midfielder At the age of 19, he led Santa Fe as a starter to win the 2012 Torneo de Finalización with Independiente Santa Fe.	Juan Daniel Roa	Independiente Santa Fe
member of sports team	Ashley Beck is a Wales international rugby union player for the Ospreys regional team.	Ashley Beck	Ospreys
member of sports team	Johan Marmitte is a Mauritian football player, who currently plays for Curepipe Starlight SC in the Mauritian Premier League and for the Mauritius National football team as a midfielder.	Johan Marmitte	Curepipe Starlight SC
member of sports team	Warren Lahr (September 5, 1923 -- January 19, 1969) was a professional American football defensive back who played for the Cleveland Browns for 11 seasons, mainly in the 1950s.	Warren Lahr	Cleveland Browns
member of sports team	Krzysztof Nowak (Polish pronunciation: (ˈkʂɨʂtɔf ˈnɔvak); 27 September 1975 -- 26 May 2005) was a Polish football player, best known for his stint with the VfL Wolfsburg team.	Krzysztof Nowak	VfL Wolfsburg
member of sports team	Pavlo Rybkovskyi (Ukrainian: Павло Володимирович Рибковський, born 12 July 1989 in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Sumy in the Ukrainian First League.	Pavlo Rybkovskyi	FC Sumy
member of sports team	Moirangthem Gouramangi Singh is an Indian professional association football player who plays as a center back for FC Pune City in the Indian Super League.	Gouramangi Singh	FC Pune City
member of sports team	Matías Hernán Mayedonchi (前鈍内マティアスエルナン, born 18 February 1989) is an Argentina-born Japanese futsal player who plays for Nagoya Oceans.	Matías Hernán Mayedonchi	Nagoya Oceans
member of sports team	Marc Oberweis (born 6 November 1982) is a Luxembourgian footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Jeunesse Esch in Luxembourg's domestic National Division.	Marc Oberweis	Jeunesse Esch
member of sports team	Shane Geraghty (born 12 August 1986 in Coventry, West Midlands) is an English rugby union player who plays for London Irish in the Aviva Premiership.	Shane Geraghty	London Irish
member of sports team	Lee Saltz (born September 25, 1963) is a former professional American football quarterback in the National Football League who played for the Detroit Lions and the New England Patriots.	Lee Saltz	New England Patriots
member of sports team	Jari Ilola (born 24 November 1978) is a retired Finnish footballer who played for IF Elfsborg and the Finland national football team.	Jari Ilola	IF Elfsborg
member of sports team	Aaron Joseph (born 4 July 1989) is an Australian rules footballer who played with the Carlton Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Aaron Joseph	Carlton Football Club
member of sports team	Ulrik Johansen (born March 12, 1980) is a Danish professional football player, who is playing for the Danish 1st Division club FC Fredericia.	Ulrik Johansen	FC Fredericia
member of sports team	Marc Lais (born 4 February 1991) is a German football midfielder who plays for SSV Jahn Regensburg.	Marc Lais	SSV Jahn Regensburg
member of sports team	Phil Cookson is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s, '70s and '80s, playing at representative level for England, and at club level for Featherstone Rovers, and Leeds, as a Second-row, i.e. number 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums.	Phil Cookson	Featherstone Rovers
member of sports team	Guido Di Vanni (born 11 June 1988 in Rosario) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Sportivo Luqueño as a forward.	Guido Di Vanni	Sportivo Luqueño
member of sports team	FC Nelson appointed Henry Fa'arodo as their junior technical advisor for the 2012 winter season and also played for the 1st team helping them to win the league.	Henry Fa'arodo	FC Nelson
member of sports team	Patrik Lomski (born 3 February 1989) is a Finnish football player who plays mainly as a winger for Arka Gdynia in the Polish I Liga.	Patrik Lomski	Arka Gdynia
member of sports team	Rafał Gikiewicz (born 26 October 1987 in Olsztyn) is a Polish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Eintracht Braunschweig.	Rafał Gikiewicz	Eintracht Braunschweig
member of sports team	Elvis Mashike Sukisa (born 6 June 1994) is a Congolese football forward who currently plays for FC Slovan Galanta.	Elvis Mashike Sukisa	FC Slovan Galanta
member of sports team	Given Singuluma (born 19 July 1986 in Rufunsa) is a Zambian international football player, who currently plays for TP Mazembe, a Congolese football club based in Lubumbashi.	Given Singuluma	TP Mazembe
member of sports team	Jed Roberts (born November 10, 1967 in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada) was a Canadian Football League defensive end and linebacker who played thirteen seasons for the Edmonton Eskimos.	Jed Roberts	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Doug Strang was an Australian rules footballer who played as a full forward in the VFL between 1931 and 1935 for the Richmond Football Club.	Doug Strang	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Lester Paul Straker Bolnalda (born October 10, 1959 in Ciudad Bolívar, Bolívar State, Venezuela), best known as Les Straker, is a former Major League Baseball right-handed starting pitcher who played for the Minnesota Twins.	Les Straker	Minnesota Twins
member of sports team	Mikel Iribas Allende (born 13 April 1988 in San Sebastián, Gipuzkoa) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for AD Alcorcón as a right defender or midfielder.	Mikel Iribas	AD Alcorcón
member of sports team	Armağan Kuş (born 1 January 1992) is a Turkish professional footballer who currently plays as a winger for Samsunspor in the Süper Lig.	Armağan Kuş	Samsunspor
member of sports team	Luke Rooney (born 16 January 1983, Penrith, New South Wales) is an Australian professional rugby union footballer for RC Toulonnais in the Top 14 competition.	Luke Rooney	RC Toulonnais
member of sports team	Edens Chery (born October 19, 1986 in Port-au-Prince) is a Haitian soccer player who currently plays for Western Mass Pioneers in the USL Second Division.	Edens Chery	Western Mass Pioneers
member of sports team	Andy Uram (March 21, 1915 -- December 11, 1984) is a former running back and defensive back in the National Football League who played for the Green Bay Packers.	Andy Uram	Green Bay Packers
member of sports team	Josh Bruce (born 8 June 1992) is a professional Australian rules football player who plays for the St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL), formerly playing for the Greater Western Sydney Giants.	Josh Bruce	St Kilda Football Club
member of sports team	Marcus Martin (born November 29, 1993) is an American football center for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League (NFL).	Marcus Martin	San Francisco 49ers
member of sports team	Bitielo Jean Jacques (born 28 December 1990 in Port-au-Prince, Haiti) is a Haitian footballer who currently plays for Kraze United in the National Premier Soccer League, the fourth tier of the American soccer pyramid.	Bitielo Jean Jacques	Kraze United
member of sports team	Erik ten Hag (born 2 February 1970) is a Dutch football manager and former player who played as a defender, who is currently the manager of FC Utrecht.	Erik ten Hag	FC Utrecht
member of sports team	In June 2000, Tico-Tico was signed by the Tampa Bay Mutiny after playing for Jomo Cosmos.	Tico-Tico	Tampa Bay Mutiny
member of sports team	Will Radburn (born 22 November 1991) is an English rugby union footballer for Birmingham & Solihull R.F.C..	Will Radburn	Birmingham & Solihull R.F.C.
member of sports team	Guy Brown, III (born June 1, 1955 in Palestine, Texas) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys.	Guy Brown	Dallas Cowboys
member of sports team	Julian Kirzner (born 24 October 1976) is a former Australian rules football footballer for the Essendon Football Club and North Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Julian Kirzner	North Melbourne Football Club
member of sports team	Cornel Piper (born April 2, 1937, in Ardmore, Alberta) is a former offensive lineman in the Canadian Football League from 1957 to 1967 for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.	Cornel Piper	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	Alan Uryga (born 19 February 1994 in Kraków) is a Polish footballer who plays as a defender or midfielder for Wisła Kraków and the Poland national under-19 football team.	Alan Uryga	Wisła Kraków
member of sports team	Kārlis Muižnieks (born March 17, 1964 in Riga, Latvia) is a former basketball player and currently is the head coach of BK Ventspils.	Kārlis Muižnieks	BK Ventspils
member of sports team	AJ Venter (born 29 July 1973) is a retired South African rugby union footballer, who played for the Sharks in the international Super 14 competition, and the Natal Sharks in the domestic Currie Cup competition.	AJ Venter	Natal Sharks
member of sports team	Tomas Manco (born Brezno, 19 January 1988) is an Australian ice hockey player currently playing as a defenceman for the CBR Brave in the Australian Ice Hockey League (AIHL).	Tomas Manco	CBR Brave
member of sports team	Yuri Alekseevich Drozdov (Russian: Юрий Алексеевич Дроздов; born January 16, 1972) is an association football coach and a former midfielder, who spent the majority of his playing career at FC Lokomotiv Moscow.	Yuri Alekseevich Drozdov	FC Lokomotiv Moscow
member of sports team	Edwin van Bueren (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɛtʋɪn vɑn ˈbyːrə(n)); born 4 April 1980) is a Dutch footballer who used to play professionally for Sparta Rotterdam.	Edwin van Bueren	Sparta Rotterdam
member of sports team	Ādolfs Sīmanis (March 11, 1909 -- September 1979) was a Latvian football defender, the most long-time player with Riga Vanderer.	Ādolfs Sīmanis	Riga Vanderer
member of sports team	Samir Merzić (born June 29, 1984 in Mostar) is a Bosnia and Herzegovina football defender who plays for FK Velež Mostar.	Samir Merzić	FK Velež Mostar
member of sports team	Janice Cayman is a Belgian football attacking midfielder currently playing for FCF Juvisy in the French First Division.	Janice Cayman	FCF Juvisy
member of sports team	Jovan Vučinić (Serbian Cyrillic: Јован Вучинић, born 20 January 1992) is a Montenegrin footballer who plays as forward for Bosnian Premier League club FK Radnik Bijeljina.	Jovan Vučinić	FK Radnik Bijeljina
member of sports team	Kristian Kojola (born 12 September 1986), is a Finnish professional football central defender who plays for Finnish Veikkausliiga side IFK Mariehamn.	Kristian Kojola	IFK Mariehamn
member of sports team	Tino Lagator (Chinese: 拉加度, born 14 September 1987) is a Croatian football player who currently plays for Citizen AA in Hong Kong.	Tino Lagator	Citizen AA
member of sports team	Roman Kuzyk (born 7 June 1989 in Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for Ukrainian Premier League club FC Karpaty Lviv.	Roman Kuzyk	FC Karpaty Lviv
member of sports team	Marcus Eriksson (born December 5, 1993) is a Swedish basketball player who currently plays for FC Barcelona Lassa of the Liga ACB.	Marcus Eriksson	FC Barcelona
member of sports team	Pere Milla Peña (born 23 September 1992) is a Spanish footballer who plays for UD Logroñés as a winger.	Pere Milla	UD Logroñés
member of sports team	Bernard Le Roux ((bɛʁ.naʁ lə ʁu); born 4 June 1989) is a South African born-French rugby union player, who currently plays flanker for French Top 14 side Racing 92.	Bernard Le Roux	Racing 92
member of sports team	Sverre Fornes (born 25 April 1932) is a retired Norwegian footballer who played goalkeeper for Rosenborg BK between 1948 and 1965.	Sverre Fornes	Rosenborg BK
member of sports team	Todd Kinchen (born January 7, 1969 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for seven seasons in the National Football League for the Los Angeles Rams, the St. Louis Rams, the Denver Broncos, and the Atlanta Falcons.	Todd Kinchen	Los Angeles Rams	Denver Broncos	Atlanta Falcons
member of sports team	Bobby Futrell (August 4, 1962 - June 1, 1992) was a professional American football player who played cornerback for five seasons for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.	Bobby Futrell	Tampa Bay Buccaneers
member of sports team	Bilal Hamdi (born 1 May 1991) is an Algerian football player who plays for Ligue 2 club Clermont Foot.	Bilal Hamdi	Clermont Foot
member of sports team	Michele Marani (born 16 November 1982) is a football player from San Marino, currently playing for S.S. Pennarossa.	Michele Marani	S.S. Pennarossa
member of sports team	Rüdiger Kauf (born 1 March 1975 in Esslingen am Neckar, Baden-Württemberg) is a German former football player currently with Arminia Bielefeld.	Rüdiger Kauf	Arminia Bielefeld
member of sports team	Robbert te Loeke (born 1 December 1988 in Arnhem) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for FC Dordrecht in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Robbert te Loeke	FC Dordrecht
member of sports team	Galen Fiss (July 30, 1931 in Johnson City, Kansas -- July 17, 2006 in Overland Park, Kansas) is a former American football linebacker who played eleven seasons in the National Football League with the Cleveland Browns.	Galen Fiss	Cleveland Browns
member of sports team	Pedro León Sánchez Gil (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈpeðɾo leˈon ˈsantʃeθ); born 24 November 1986), known as León, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Getafe CF as a right winger.	Pedro León	Getafe CF
member of sports team	Rógvi Baldvinsson (born 6 December 1989) is a Faroese international footballer who last played as a defender for Danish 1st Division side FC Fredericia.	Rógvi Baldvinsson	FC Fredericia
member of sports team	Mark Rummukainen (born 19 February 1982) is an Australian ice hockey player who plays defenceman for the CBR Brave in the Australian Ice Hockey League and is a member of the Australian national ice hockey team.	Mark Rummukainen	CBR Brave
member of sports team	Nasr El-Din Abbas (Arabic: نصر الدين عباس‎) known by his nickname Jaxa (Arabic: جكسة‎) (born 13 August 1944 in Omdurman) is a former Sudanese footballer who played with Al-Hilal Club.	Nasr El-Din Abbas	Al-Hilal Club
member of sports team	Constantin Braun (born March 11, 1988) is German professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Eisbären Berlin of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).	Constantin Braun	Eisbären Berlin
member of sports team	Christian Dean (born March 14, 1993) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a centre back for the Vancouver Whitecaps FC in Major League Soccer.	Christian Dean	Vancouver Whitecaps
member of sports team	Sarah Günther (born 25 January 1983 in Bremen) is a German football midfielder who currently plays for 1. FFC Frankfurt.	Sarah Günther	1. FFC Frankfurt
member of sports team	Nicolas Raynier (born 4 March 1984 in Carcassonne) is a French football striker who currently plays for US Boulogne.	Nicolas Raynier	US Boulogne
member of sports team	Matthias Schwarz (born 28 December 1987) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for Kickers Offenbach.	Matthias Schwarz	Kickers Offenbach
member of sports team	Johan Manuel Bravo Díaz (born 15 February 1993) is a Chilean footballer who currently plays for Chilean Primera División club Santiago Wanderers as a left back and also as left midfielder.	Johan Manuel Bravo	Santiago Wanderers
member of sports team	After the win Wu Weian had a chance to return to Guangdong with recently promoted top tier side Guangzhou R&F F.C., which he decided to take at the beginning of the 2012 league season.	Wu Weian	Guangzhou R&F F.C.
member of sports team	Andre Blake (born 21 November 1990) is a Jamaican international footballer who plays professionally for the Philadelphia Union in Major League Soccer, as a goalkeeper.	Andre Blake	Philadelphia Union
member of sports team	Jonathan Richter (born 16 January 1985) is a Danish disabled professional football midfielder, who played for the Danish Superliga side FC Nordsjælland.	Jonathan Richter	FC Nordsjælland
member of sports team	Álvaro Domínguez, a native of the town of El Cerrito from the center of Valle del Cauca, began his career with Deportivo Cali in 2000.	Álvaro Domínguez	Deportivo Cali
member of sports team	Nikita Kashirsky (born 25 January 1985) is a Russian professional ice hockey forward, who currently plays for the Fort Wayne Komets in the ECHL.	Nikita Kashirsky	Fort Wayne Komets
member of sports team	Gaston Therrien (born May 27, 1960 in Montreal, Quebec) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player who played 22 games in the National Hockey League for the Quebec Nordiques.	Gaston Therrien	Quebec Nordiques
member of sports team	Michael Anthony Muñoz (born August 19, 1958), is an American Pro Football Hall of Fame offensive tackle who played 13 seasons for the National Football League's Cincinnati Bengals.	Anthony Muñoz	Cincinnati Bengals
member of sports team	Lukáš Matyska (born 26 April 1992) is a professional Czech football player currently playing for FC Zbrojovka Brno.	Lukáš Matyska	FC Zbrojovka Brno
member of sports team	Maksim Vladimirovich Vasilyev (Russian: Максим Владимирович Васильев; born 31 January 1987 in Leningrad) is a Russian professional footballer who currently plays for FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk.	Maksim Vladimirovich Vasilyev	FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk
member of sports team	Les Koenning, Jr. (born February 10, 1959 in San Antonio, Texas) is the former wide receivers coach for the Texas Longhorns college football team.	Les Koenning	Texas Longhorns
member of sports team	Jorge Luís Andrade da Silva, better known as Andrade, is a former defensive midfielder born April 21, 1957 in Juiz de Fora, MG. After being sacked as Flamengo's general manager, currently he coaches Boavista Sport Club.	Jorge Luís Andrade	Boavista Sport Club
member of sports team	Nico Aaltonen (born June 15, 1988) is a Finnish ice hockey player who currently plays professionally in Finland for Manchester Phoenix in the Premier League.	Nico Aaltonen	Manchester Phoenix
member of sports team	Vítor Bruno Ramos Gonçalves (born 13 January 1990 in Vila do Conde), known as Vítor Bruno, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Romanian club CFR Cluj mainly as a left back.	Vítor Bruno	CFR Cluj
member of sports team	Hidde ter Avest (born 20 May 1997) is a Dutch professional football player who currently plays as a right back for Eredivisie side FC Twente.	Hidde ter Avest	FC Twente
member of sports team	Timo Wenzel (born November 30, 1977 in Neu-Ulm) is a German football defender, plays in SV Elversberg.	Timo Wenzel	SV Elversberg
member of sports team	Danny Fuchs (born 25 February 1976) is a retired German footballer who last played for 1. FC Kaiserslautern.	Danny Fuchs	1. FC Kaiserslautern
member of sports team	Ronnie Dixon is a former professional American football player who played defensive lineman for four seasons for the New Orleans Saints, Philadelphia Eagles, New York Jets, and Kansas City Chiefs.	Ronnie Dixon	New Orleans Saints	Philadelphia Eagles	New York Jets	Kansas City Chiefs
member of sports team	Arno Atti-Bayeba (Russian: Арно Атти-Байеба; born 10 March 1993) is a Russian football defender who currently plays for FC Astrakhan.	Arno Atti-Bayeba	FC Astrakhan
member of sports team	Justin Ryder (born July 14, 1980 in Nepean) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s, playing at club level for Newcastle Knights, and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, as a Wing.	Justin Ryder	Wakefield Trinity Wildcats
member of sports team	Carlos Rubén Esteban Rodríguez (born 26 March 1983), known as Carlos Rubén, is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Guijuelo as an attacking midfielder.	Carlos Rubén Esteban Rodríguez	CD Guijuelo
member of sports team	Toni Jakimovski (Macedonian: Тони Јакимовски, born 19 April 1966) is a Macedonian football manager and former player, who was recently coached FK Bregalnica Štip in the Macedonian First League.	Toni Jakimovski	FK Bregalnica Štip
member of sports team	Keith Carney was drafted 76th overall in the 1988 NHL Entry Draft by the Buffalo Sabres, after attending the prestigious Mount Saint Charles Academy.	Keith Carney	Buffalo Sabres
member of sports team	Hiroki Iikura(Japanese: 飯倉 大樹, born June 1, 1986 in Aomori, Japan) is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Yokohama F. Marinos.	Hiroki Iikura	Yokohama F. Marinos
member of sports team	Ruddy Lugo was released by the Toledo Mud Hens in July 2010.	Ruddy Lugo	Toledo Mud Hens
member of sports team	Felix Roth (born 13 November 1987 in Offenburg) is a German footballer playing for SC Rheindorf Altach in the Austrian Football Bundesliga.	Felix Roth	SC Rheindorf Altach
member of sports team	Billie Smedts (born 8 June 1992) is an Australian rules footballer for the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Billie Smedts	Geelong Football Club
member of sports team	Ghaleb Rida or Ghaleb Reda (Arabic: غالب رضا‎); (born July 10, 1981 in Nabatieh, Lebanon) is a professional Lebanese basketball player for Amchit Club and a member of Lebanon national basketball team as a shooting guard.	Ghaleb Rida	Amchit Club
member of sports team	Rocky Trottier (born April 11, 1964 in Climax, Saskatchewan and raised in Val Marie, Saskatchewan) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played 38 games in the National Hockey League over two seasons with the New Jersey Devils.	Rocky Trottier	New Jersey Devils
member of sports team	Ron Waller (born February 14, 1933) was a National Football League running back for the Los Angeles Rams from 1955 through 1958 and for the American Football League's Los Angeles Chargers in 1960.	Ron Waller	Los Angeles Rams
member of sports team	Ulrik Flo (born 6 October 1988) is a Norwegian footballer forward who plays for Silkeborg IF in Danish 1st Division.	Ulrik Flo	Silkeborg IF
member of sports team	Jan van Grinsven (born 27 February 1960 in Den Dungen, Noord-Brabant) is a Dutch former football goalkeeper, who played for FC Den Bosch (1981--1992 and 1995--1999) and MVV Maastricht (1992--1995) and scored twice in his career.	Jan van Grinsven	FC Den Bosch	MVV Maastricht
member of sports team	Phil Martelli (born August 31, 1954) is an American college basketball coach and current coach of the Saint Joseph's Hawks men's basketball team.	Phil Martelli	Saint Joseph's Hawks
member of sports team	Oliver Robinson (born March 13, 1960) is a retired American basketball player who played shooting guard for the NBA's San Antonio Spurs.	Oliver Robinson	San Antonio Spurs
member of sports team	Franjo Vladić (born 19 October 1950) was a Bosnian Croat footballer who played as playmaker for FK Velež Mostar majority of his career and Yugoslavia national football team.	Franjo Vladić	FK Velež Mostar
member of sports team	Sirimongkhon Jitbanjong (Thai :ศิริมงคล จิตบรรจง) is a forward who plays for Khon Kaen United F.C..	Sirimongkhon Jitbanjong	Khon Kaen United F.C.
member of sports team	Linus Fernström (born April 10, 1987) is a Swedish professional ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for Frölunda HC in the Swedish Elitserien.	Linus Fernström	Frölunda HC
member of sports team	Filipe Daniel Mendes Barros (born 17 April 1992 in Paredes), commonly known as Pipo, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Akritas Chlorakas in the Cypriot Second Division, as a forward.	Filipe Daniel Mendes Barros	Akritas Chlorakas
member of sports team	Bob Dean (December 17, 1929 -- May 10, 2007) was a kicker and two-way lineman with the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.	Bob Dean	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Onorionde Kughegbe John, commonly known as O.K. John (born on July 22, 1983) is an Nigerian footballer (defender) playing currently for Persija Jakarta.	Onorionde Kughegbe	Persija Jakarta
member of sports team	Pat Weisner (born 17 March 1982 in Sydney, Australia) is a rugby league player who currently plays for Hull Kingston Rovers but previously played for Barrow Raiders, and the Harlequins RL in the European Super League.	Pat Weisner	Hull Kingston Rovers	Barrow Raiders
member of sports team	Pat Noonan (born August 2, 1980 in Ballwin, Missouri) is a former American soccer player who currently serves as an assistant coach for Los Angeles Galaxy in Major League Soccer.	Pat Noonan	Los Angeles Galaxy
member of sports team	Mark Zanotti (born 8 November 1964) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the West Coast Eagles, Brisbane Bears and Fitzroy Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Mark Zanotti	Fitzroy Football Club
member of sports team	Aleksei Igorevich Kuznetsov (Russian: Алексей Игоревич Кузнецов; born 20 August 1996 in Bryansk) is a Russian football player who plays for FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod.	Aleksei Igorevich Kuznetsov	FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod
member of sports team	Olof Persson (born May 5, 1978 in Malmö) is a Swedish football manager and the current assistant coach of Malmö FF in Allsvenskan.	Olof Persson	Malmö FF
member of sports team	Karl-Johan Johnsson (born 28 January 1990) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Randers FC in the Danish Superliga as a goalkeeper.	Karl-Johan Johnsson	Randers FC
member of sports team	Dominic Oppong (born January 21, 1986 in Kumasi) is a Ghanaian-born Canadian soccer player, currently playing for the Atlanta Silverbacks in the North American second tier NASL.	Dominic Oppong	Atlanta Silverbacks
member of sports team	Roberto Linares (born February 10, 1986) is a footballer (forward) from Cuba playing currently for FC Villa Clara.	Roberto Linares	FC Villa Clara
member of sports team	Fenan Salčinović (born 26 June 1987) is a Bosnian footballer who plays for NK Čelik Zenica in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Fenan Salčinović	NK Čelik Zenica
member of sports team	Dean Koolhof (born 15 December 1994 in Duiven) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for De Graafschap in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Dean Koolhof	De Graafschap
member of sports team	Stéphane Robinet (born May 2, 1983) is a footballer currently playing for Championnat National side Paris FC as a striker.	Stéphane Robinet	Paris FC
member of sports team	Na'ama Cohen is an Israeli football defender, currently playing for F.C. Kiryat Gat.	Na'ama Cohen	F.C. Kiryat Gat
member of sports team	Ponaryo Astaman (born 25 September 1979) is a current Indonesian professional football player playing for PSM Makassar.	Ponaryo Astaman	PSM Makassar
member of sports team	Anthony Sagnella (born February 28, 1964 in New Haven, Connecticut) is a former American football defensive tackle in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins.	Anthony Sagnella	Washington Redskins
member of sports team	Imanuel Wanggai, also known as Masu, (born February 23, 1988) is an Indonesian professional footballer who currently plays for Persipura Jayapura in the Indonesia Super League as a midfielder.	Imanuel Wanggai	Persipura Jayapura
member of sports team	Dragan Načevski (Macedonian: Драган Начевски) (born 27 January 1980) is an ethnic Macedonian footballer who plays as forward for FK Metalurg Skopje.	Dragan Načevski	FK Metalurg Skopje
member of sports team	Hossam Ould Zmirli (born November 7, 1984 in Hussein Dey (Alger), Algeria) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing as a defender for USM Alger in the Algerian league.	Hossam Ould Zmirli	USM Alger
member of sports team	Artur Castela (born 30 July 1993) is a Portuguese basketball player who plays for Galitos, on loan from S.L. Benfica.	Artur Castela	S.L. Benfica
member of sports team	Aaron McCloskey (born 20 July 1988 in Limerick) is an Irish rugby league player for St Helens RLFC in the Super League and the Montpellier Red Devils in the Elite One Championship.	Aaron McCloskey	St Helens RLFC
member of sports team	David Telfer (born December 1, 1988 in Obuasi) is a Ghanaian footballer, who currently plays for Ashanti Gold SC.	David Telfer	Ashanti Gold SC
member of sports team	Joel Conlon (born 4 May 1994) is an English Rugby Union player for Exeter Chiefs in the Aviva Premiership.	Joel Conlon	Exeter Chiefs
member of sports team	Daniel Caligiuri (pronounced (kaliˈdʒuri); born 15 January 1988 in Villingen-Schwenningen) is a German-born Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for VfL Wolfsburg in the Bundesliga and the Italy national team.	Daniel Caligiuri	VfL Wolfsburg
member of sports team	Luis Soffner (born January 15, 1990) is an American soccer player who last played for the New England Revolution in Major League Soccer.	Luis Soffner	New England Revolution
member of sports team	Nathan Catt (born 6 January 1988 in Bristol, England) is a rugby union player who plays at Prop for Bath Rugby in the Aviva Premiership.	Nathan Catt	Bath Rugby
member of sports team	C. J. Gable (born Carl Gable Jr. October 19, 1987) is a gridiron football running back for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.	C. J. Gable	Hamilton Tiger-Cats
member of sports team	Patrick Rakovsky (born 2 June 1993) is a German footballer of Czech descent who plays as a goalkeeper for 1. FC Nürnberg in the 2.	Patrick Rakovsky	1. FC Nürnberg
member of sports team	Oussama Sellami (born June 22, 1979 in Tunis) is a Tunisian football player who, as of 2013, is playing for Stade Tunisien.	Oussama Sellami	Stade Tunisien
member of sports team	Damir Džombić (born 3 January 1985 in Srebrenik, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Bosnian football player playing as defender for FC Vaduz in the Swiss Super League.	Damir Džombić	FC Vaduz
member of sports team	Ian Uranga Chong (born 22 June 1987 in Durango, Biscay) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Arenas Club de Getxo as a defender.	Ian Uranga	Arenas Club de Getxo
member of sports team	Chris Leitch (born April 1, 1979 in Pickerington, Ohio) is a retired American soccer player who is currently Technical Director for the San Jose Earthquakes.	Chris Leitch	San Jose Earthquakes
member of sports team	Mohamed Helal (12 March 1996) is an Egyptian professional football player who currently plays for Lierse S.K. in Belgian Pro League.	Mohamed Helal	Lierse S.K.
member of sports team	Anak Agung Ngurah Wahyu Trisnajaya, better known as Ngurah Nanak, is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Sriwijaya F.C. in the Indonesian Super League.	Ngurah Nanak	Sriwijaya F.C.
member of sports team	George McGowan (born March 10, 1948) is an American-born former football player for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League (CFL) where he played for eight seasons from 1971--1978.	George McGowan	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Jeremy Donougher (born 28 November 1969) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played at club level for South Sydney Rabbitohs and Bradford Bulls.	Jeremy Donougher	Bradford Bulls
member of sports team	Luís Pedro Gomes Martins (born 23 June 1989), known as Luís Pedro, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for S.C. Freamunde as a central defender.	Luís Pedro Gomes Martins	S.C. Freamunde
member of sports team	At the age of 21, Alfredo Moreno joined Club Necaxa (on loan with the option to buy the player in a definite purchase) for the Verano 2001 season.	Alfredo Moreno	Club Necaxa
member of sports team	Roque Júnior is devoted to helping São José Esporte Clube's youth players with a project called ``Projeto Primeira Camisa'' (``Project First Jersey'').	Roque Júnior	São José Esporte Clube
member of sports team	Nathan Freer (born 21 May 1989 ) is a rugby league footballer of the 2000s and '10s, playing at club level for Norland Sharks ARLFC (Hessle), Hull, Doncaster, York City Knights, and Featherstone Rovers, as a Prop.	Nathan Freer	York City Knights	Featherstone Rovers
member of sports team	Dennis Ziadie (1 October 1946 -- 1986) was a Jamaican footballer who played in the NASL with the Boston Beacons in 1968, as well as the Jamaican national side.	Dennis Ziadie	Boston Beacons
member of sports team	Karolis Navickas (born in Šiauliai, Lithuania, 9 April 1990) is a Lithuanian rugby union player currently playing for Krasny Yar Krasnoyarsk in Russian Professional Rugby League.	Karolis Navickas	Krasny Yar Krasnoyarsk
member of sports team	Kaled Gourmi, first name sometimes spelt as Khaled, (born April 16, 1986) is an Algerian football player who plays for MC Alger in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.	Kaled Gourmi	MC Alger
member of sports team	Gonzalo Suárez Llano (born 22 April 1994), known simply as Gonzalo, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Mérida AD as a forward.	Gonzalo Suárez Llano	Mérida AD
member of sports team	Nikolajs Kozačuks (born 7 August 1985 in Ventspils) is a Latvian football midfielder, currently playing for the Polish club Górnik Łęczna.	Nikolajs Kozačuks	Górnik Łęczna
member of sports team	Rushen Jones is a former professional American football player who played defensive back for the Minnesota Vikings Rushen took a cheap shot on a former KC Chief during a 2003 scrimmage.	Rushen Jones	Minnesota Vikings
member of sports team	C.K. Vineeth (born 20 May 1988) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a winger or striker for Bengaluru FC in the I-League.	C.K. Vineeth	Bengaluru FC
member of sports team	Márcio Vieira de Vasconcelos (born 10 October 1984 in Marco de Canaveses, Porto District, Portugal), known as Vieira, is an Andorran footballer who plays for Spanish club Atlético Monzón as a midfielder.	Márcio Vieira	Atlético Monzón
member of sports team	Martijn de Zwart (8 November 1990, Valkenburg) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for ADO Den Haag.	Martijn de Zwart	ADO Den Haag
member of sports team	Adrià Muñoz Fernández (born 13 May 1994), simply known as Adrià, is a Spanish footballer who plays for UE Llagostera as a goalkeeper.	Adrià Muñoz	UE Llagostera
member of sports team	Jung Jae-yong (Hangul: 정재용; born 14 September 1990) is a South Korean footballer who plays as midfielder for FC Anyang in K League Challenge.	Jung Jae-yong	FC Anyang
member of sports team	Abdelatif Noussir (Arabic: عبد اللطيف نصير‎ -- born 20 February 1990, in Fes) is a Moroccan footballer who plays for Wydad Casablanca and Morocco's national U--23 team.	Abdelatif Noussir	Wydad Casablanca
member of sports team	Jalil Anibaba (/dʒəˈliːl ɑːniˈbɑːbə/; born October 19, 1988) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Houston Dynamo in Major League Soccer.	Jalil Anibaba	Houston Dynamo
member of sports team	Moses Ehambe (born May 22, 1986) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for Kyoto Hannaryz of the bj league.	Moses Ehambe	Kyoto Hannaryz
member of sports team	Vicente Piera Pañella (Barcelona, 1903--1960), known by the nickname ``La Bruja'' (``The Witch''), is a former Spanish footballer who spent most of his career at FC Barcelona.	Vicente Piera	FC Barcelona
member of sports team	Richard Benítez is a Paraguayan footballer currently playing for Sportivo Luqueño of the Primera Division in Paraguay.	Richard Benítez	Sportivo Luqueño
member of sports team	Laurie Sharp (25 August 1935 -- 7 November 1974) was an Australian rules footballer who played in the VFL between 1954 and 1957 for the Richmond Football Club and then in 1959 for the South Melbourne Football Club.	Laurie Sharp	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Rod Payne (born June 14, 1974) is a former professional American football center who was drafted by the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League (NFL).	Rod Payne	Cincinnati Bengals
member of sports team	Babatunde Niyi Ogunlana (born August 14, 1984 in Patako) is a former Nigerian football player, who was last playing for Kwara United F.C. of Ilorin.	Niyi Ogunlana	Kwara United F.C.
member of sports team	Sonny Johansson (born 17 October 1948) is a former Swedish football player, that between 1968 and 1984 represented Landskrona BoIS.	Sonny Johansson	Landskrona BoIS
member of sports team	Ewen McKenzie played prop for the New South Wales Waratahs 37 times between 1987 and 1995, before joining the Brumbies in 1996, for the inaugural Super 12 season.	Ewen McKenzie	New South Wales Waratahs
member of sports team	Mohammed Ali Ayed (Arabic: محمد علي عايد‎) is an Emirati footballer who plays for Al Ain FC.	Mohammed Ali Ayed	Al Ain FC
member of sports team	Kevin Eadie is a professional rugby league footballer, playing at club level for Stanley Rangers ARLFC, Featherstone Rovers, and Doncaster.	Kevin Eadie	Featherstone Rovers
member of sports team	Maria Florencia Bonsegundo (born 14 July 1993) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a Midfielder for UAI Urquiza and the Argentina national team.	Florencia Bonsegundo	UAI Urquiza
member of sports team	Anis Boussaïdi (born 10 April 1981) is a Tunisian footballer who most recently played in Ukraine for SC Tavriya Simferopol.	Anis Boussaïdi	SC Tavriya Simferopol
member of sports team	Pollo returned to his native Canary Islands in the 2007 summer, joining Universidad de Las Palmas CF in division three.	Pollo	Universidad de Las Palmas CF
member of sports team	John Ronaldson is a former Australian rules football player who played in the VFL between 1965 and 1970 for the Richmond Football Club.	John Ronaldson	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Antony Lopez Peralta (born August 18, 1981 in Royan) is a midfielder currently playing for French Championnat National club AS Cannes.	Antony Lopez Peralta	AS Cannes
member of sports team	Victor Stăncescu (born March 10, 1985) is a Romanian born Swiss professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing with and Captaining the Kloten Flyers in Switzerland's National League A (NLA).	Victor Stăncescu	Kloten Flyers
member of sports team	Shawn Nicklaw (born April 15, 1989) is a Guamanian international footballer who currently plays for Jacksonville Armada FC in the North American Soccer League.He signed with the team on December 3, 2014 Nicklaw is an offensively oriented right-back with good technique and game understanding.	Shawn Nicklaw	Jacksonville Armada FC
member of sports team	Boban Jančevski - Janker (Macedonian: Бобан Јанчевски - Јанкер) (born 30 April 1978, Vienna, Austria) is a Macedonian football striker who currently plays for FK Renova in the Macedonian First League.	Boban Jančevski	FK Renova
member of sports team	Alexey Alexandrovich Semyonov (Russian: Алексе́й Алекса́ндрович Семёнов; born April 15, 1949) is a Russian professional association football coach and a former player who currently works as a head scout for FC Rubin Kazan.	Alexey Alexandrovich Semyonov	Rubin Kazan
member of sports team	Pauline Bremer began her junior career at SVG Göttingen 07 before signing a senior contract with 1. FFC Turbine Potsdam in 2012.	Pauline Bremer	1. FFC Turbine Potsdam
member of sports team	Aatu Hämäläinen (born 28 February 1987) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player playing for Tranås AIF in Hockeyettan, the third tier league in Sweden.	Aatu Hämäläinen	Tranås AIF
member of sports team	Ray Hardy Åström (born 29 March 1951 in Luleå, Sweden) is a retired Swedish professional ice hockey goaltender who played three seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the New York Rangers and Colorado Rockies.	Hardy Åström	New York Rangers
member of sports team	Ray Hall (born 27 October 1980) is a former Australian rules football player who played for the Richmond Football Club.	Ray Hall	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Süleyman Olgun (born 20 April 1987) is a Turkish professional football who plays as a right back for Kızılcabölükspor.	Süleyman Olgun	Kızılcabölükspor
member of sports team	Alexi Gómez Gutiérrez (born 4 March 1993) is a Peruvian footballer who plays for Chilean Team San Luis de Quillota.	Alexi Gómez	San Luis de Quillota
member of sports team	Uwe Gensheimer (born 26 October 1986) is a German handballer who plays for Bundesliga outfit Rhein-Neckar Löwen and the German national team.	Uwe Gensheimer	Rhein-Neckar Löwen
member of sports team	Jurgen Wevers (born 12 January 1979 in Winterswijk, Gelderland) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays for FC Oss.	Jurgen Wevers	FC Oss
member of sports team	Hans Somers (born March 9, 1978 in Mechelen) is a retired football attacking midfielder from Belgium, who played for Lierse SK (Belgian Pro League), Trabzonspor (Turkish Süper Lig) and FC Utrecht (Eredivisie).	Hans Somers	Trabzonspor	FC Utrecht
member of sports team	Sixto Betancourt (born 18 June 1992 in Tiquisate) is a Guatemalan football defender who currently plays for Plaza Colonia in the Uruguayan Segunda División.	Sixto Betancourt	Plaza Colonia
member of sports team	Tony Nocita (born 9 November 1963 in Winnipeg) is a former professional Canadian soccer player who currently plays for Sons of Italy Lions SC.	Tony Nocita	Sons of Italy Lions SC
member of sports team	Denys Halenkov (Ukrainian: Денис Ігорович Галенков; born 13 October 1995 in Krasnyi Lyman, Donetsk Oblast, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who currently plays for FC Olimpik Donetsk in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Denys Halenkov	FC Olimpik Donetsk
member of sports team	Manuel Latusa (born January 23, 1984) is an Austrian professional ice hockey winger who is currently playing with EC Red Bull Salzburg of the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).	Manuel Latusa	EC Red Bull Salzburg
member of sports team	Mauricio Salles (born March 1, 1978 in Salvador) is a Brazilian footballer who played for Rochester Lancers of the Major Arena Soccer League.	Mauricio Salles	Rochester Lancers
member of sports team	Ognjen Škorić (Serbian Cyrillic: Огњен Шкорић; born 2 March 1993) is a Bosnian Serb footballer who plays as a winger for FK Borac Banja Luka in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Ognjen Škorić	FK Borac Banja Luka
member of sports team	Shelby Bram is a Canadian-born women's ice hockey player with the Buffalo Beauts of the NWHL.	Shelby Bram	Buffalo Beauts
member of sports team	Though drafted by the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Ken Nielsen was traded that same year to Winnipeg.	Ken Nielsen	Hamilton Tiger-Cats
member of sports team	Marco Sas (born 16 February 1971 in Vlaardingen) is a retired Dutch footballer who played for Sparta Rotterdam, NAC Breda, Bradford City and FC Basel.	Marco Sas	Sparta Rotterdam	NAC Breda	FC Basel
member of sports team	Gary Christie (born 23 January 1972) is a former professional rugby league footballer who played at representative level for Scotland, and at club level for Oldham, Wakefield Trinity, and Bradford Bulls, as a Wing.	Gary Christie	Bradford Bulls
member of sports team	Kivoli Manoa is a Tuvaluan footballer who played for Lakena United in 2003.	Kivoli Manoa	Lakena United
member of sports team	Božidar Radošević (born 4 April 1989 in Split) is a Croatian professional football goalkeeper, currently plays for Debreceni VSC in Hungary.	Božidar Radošević	Debreceni VSC
member of sports team	Joseba Imanol Idiakez Barkaiztegi (born 14 March 1972) is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a midfielder, and the current manager of Lleida Esportiu.	Imanol Idiakez	Lleida Esportiu
member of sports team	Asatullo Nurulloev (born 21 June 1984) is a Tajikistani footballer who currently plays for Parvoz Bobojon Ghafurov, and the Tajikistan national football team.	Asatullo Nurulloev	Parvoz Bobojon Ghafurov
member of sports team	Allisson Ricardo Faramílio (born January 30, 1988 in Itu), known as Allisson, is a Brazilian striker who currently plays for FK Kukësi in the Albanian Superliga.	Allisson Ricardo	FK Kukësi
member of sports team	Marek Sokołowski (born March 11, 1978) is a Polish footballer who plays as a midfielder or a defender (either side) for Podbeskidzie Bielsko-Biała.	Marek Sokołowski	Podbeskidzie Bielsko-Biała
member of sports team	Shawn Stuckey (born October 22, 1975) is a former Linebacker with the New England Patriots of the NFL, who also played briefly for other professional football teams.	Shawn Stuckey	New England Patriots
member of sports team	``Amir Celestin'' competed for his hometown minor league team the Miami Midnites.	Amir Celestin	Miami Midnites
member of sports team	Rafał Boguski (born 9 June 1984, in Ostrołęka) is a Polish footballer who plays for Wisła Kraków.	Rafał Boguski	Wisła Kraków
member of sports team	Eliott Sorin (born 1 March 1993) is a French footballer who plays as a midfielder for Dijon FCO in Ligue 2.	Eliott Sorin	Dijon FCO
member of sports team	Marius Gersbeck (20 June 1995) is a German footballer who plays for Chemnitzer FC, on loan from Hertha BSC.	Marius Gersbeck	Hertha BSC
member of sports team	Ville Korhonen (born May 20, 1987) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward who currently plays on trial for the Espoo Blues of the Finnish Liiga.	Ville Korhonen	Espoo Blues
member of sports team	Vitaliy Fedotov (Ukrainian: Віталій Андрійович Федотов, born 16 July 1991 in Donetsk, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Arsenal Tula.	Vitaliy Fedotov	FC Arsenal Tula
member of sports team	On 5 December 2011, Bobby Gonzales returned to Sabah FA at the end of the season having made 21 appearances with Sarawak's, as he helped the Croc's promote to Malaysia Super League 2012.	Bobby Gonzales	Sabah FA
member of sports team	Jacques Dominique Wilkins (born 12 January 1960) is an American retired professional basketball player who primarily played for the Atlanta Hawks of the National Basketball Association (NBA).	Dominique Wilkins	Atlanta Hawks
member of sports team	Felix Orode (born July 28, 1990 in Lagos, Nigeria) is a Nigerian footballer midfielder currently playing for Excursionistas in the Primera C Metropolitana of Argentina.	Felix Orode	Excursionistas
member of sports team	Moses Kalanzi (born 23 December 1991 in Kampala) is a Ugandian professional football defender, who currently plays for the Danish 1st Division side Blokhus FC.	Moses Kalanzi	Blokhus FC
member of sports team	Reynaldo Antonio Hernández Villegas (born September 11, 1984, in Concepción Batres) is a Salvadoran footballer who currently plays for C.D. Águila in the Salvadoran First Division.	Reynaldo Antonio Hernández	C.D. Águila
member of sports team	Alicia González Moreno is a Spanish football midfielder, currently playing for Levante UD in Primera División.	Alicia González	Levante UD
member of sports team	Chad Vandegriffe (born November 24, 1989) is an American soccer and indoor soccer player who currently plays for the St. Louis Ambush in the Major Arena Soccer League.	Chad Vandegriffe	St. Louis Ambush
member of sports team	Christina Burkenroad is an American soccer player who currently plays for the Orlando Pride.	Christina Burkenroad	Orlando Pride
member of sports team	Kemal Alomerović (Macedonian: Keмaл Aлoмepoвиќ, born 8 December 1980 in Skopje) is a Macedonian football midfielder playing with FK Metalurg Skopje.	Kemal Alomerović	FK Metalurg Skopje
member of sports team	Marc Caballé Naranjo (born 22 June 1991) is a Spanish footballer who plays for UE Cornellà on loan from RCD Espanyol as a left winger.	Marc Caballé	UE Cornellà
member of sports team	Ismael Valadéz Arce (born 14 September 1985 in Tejupilco, Estado de México) is a Mexican football striker playing for Cruz Azul in the Primera División.	Ismael Valadéz	Cruz Azul
military branch	Rear Admiral Sir Edward Berry, 1st Baronet, KCB (1768 -- 13 February 1831) was an officer in Britain's Royal Navy primarily known for his role as flag captain of Rear Admiral Horatio Nelson's ship HMS Vanguard at the Battle of the Nile, prior to his knighthood in 1798.	Edward Berry	Royal Navy
military branch	Since 2007 JW GROM is under the command of Dowódca Wojsk Specjalnych (Commander of Polish Special Forces).	JW GROM	Polish Special Forces
military branch	Captain Robert J. Love was a United States Air Force flying ace during the Korean War, shooting down six communist MiG-15 jet aircraft in 1952.	Robert J. Love	United States Air Force
military branch	Captain Charles John Moore Mansfield (1760-1813) was a British naval officer who served in the Royal Navy during the American Revolutionary War, the French Revolutionary Wars and Napoleonic Wars.	Charles John Moore Mansfield	Royal Navy
military branch	Thomas A. Benes was a retired Major General in the United States Marine Corps.	Thomas A. Benes	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Walter S. Gorka (1922--1942) was a United States Navy sailor killed in action during World War II who received the Air Medal posthumously for his actions.	Walter S. Gorka	United States Navy
military branch	Peter Joseph Osterhaus (1823--1917) was Union Army General in the American Civil War and later served as a diplomat.	Peter Joseph Osterhaus	Union Army
military branch	Ricky Dobbs (born January 31, 1988) is a United States Navy officer and former college football quarterback for the United States Naval Academy.	Ricky Dobbs	United States Navy
military branch	Frederick T. Moore, Jr. was a United States Navy captain.	Frederick T. Moore, Jr.	United States Navy
military branch	Robert W. McNitt (July 29, 1915 -- August 12, 2012) was an American United States Navy admiral who was dean of admissions at the United States Naval Academy for more than a decade.	Robert W. McNitt	United States Navy
military branch	Major Patrick Ferguson (1744 -- 7 October 1780) was a Scottish officer in the British Army, an early advocate of light infantry and the designer of the Ferguson rifle.	Patrick Ferguson	British Army
military branch	Rear Admiral Eleanor V. Valentin is the first female flag officer to serve as director of the United States Navy Medical Service Corps.	Eleanor V. Valentin	United States Navy
military branch	Captain John Houlton Marshall entered the Royal Navy in 1778.	John Houlton Marshall	Royal Navy
military branch	General Sir Eric de Burgh, KCB, DSO, OBE (1881--1973) was a British Army officer who became Chief of the General Staff in India.	Eric de Burgh	British Army
military branch	The Bushveldt Carbineers (BVC) were a short-lived, irregular mounted infantry regiment of the British Army, raised in South Africa during the Second Boer War.	Bushveldt Carbineers	British Army
military branch	Henry J. Meade (August 8, 1925 -- June 22, 2006) was Chief of Chaplains of the United States Air Force.	Henry J. Meade	United States Air Force
military branch	Ralph Waldo Christie (30 August 1893 -- 19 December 1987) was an admiral in the United States Navy who played a pivotal role in the development of torpedo technologies.	Ralph Waldo Christie	United States Navy
military branch	Gerald Spring Rice, 6th Baron Monteagle of Brandon (5 July 1926 -- 17 November 2013) was an Anglo-Irish British Army officer, banker and Conservative peer.	Gerald Spring Rice, 6th Baron Monteagle of Brandon	British Army
military branch	August Ohmsen (March 15, 1854-February 13, 1938) was a Master-at-Arms serving in the United States Navy who received the Medal of Honor for bravery.	August Ohmsen	United States Navy
military branch	Air Marshal Sir John Tremayne Babington KCB, CBE, DSO, DL (20 July 1891 -- 20 March 1979) was a senior commander in the Royal Air Force.	John Tremayne Babington	Royal Air Force
military branch	The 107th Regiment Royal Armoured Corps (King's Own) (107 RAC) was a tank regiment of the Royal Armoured Corps, raised by the British Army during the Second World War.	107th Regiment Royal Armoured Corps	British Army
military branch	William Bokenham (died 10 November 1702) was Royal Navy officer and Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1701 to 1702.	William Bokenham	Royal Navy
military branch	The King's Shropshire Light Infantry (KSLI) was a light infantry regiment of the British Army, formed in 1881, but with antecedents dating back to 1755.	King's Shropshire Light Infantry	British Army
military branch	The 68th (Durham) Regiment of Foot (Light Infantry) was an infantry regiment of the British Army, formed in 1758 and amalgamated into The Durham Light Infantry in 1881.	68th (Durham) Regiment of Foot (Light Infantry)	British Army
military branch	John Despard (1745--1829) was an Irish-born soldier who served in the British Army and as a colonial administrator.	John Despard	British Army
military branch	Richard S. Hassan is a retired officer of the United States Air Force.	Richard S. Hassan	United States Air Force
military branch	Lieutenant-Colonel Gordon Graham Donaldson was a senior officer in the British Army who died as a result of illness contracted during the disastrous Walcheren Campaign in 1809.	Gordon Graham Donaldson	British Army
military branch	Richard Miles McCool, Jr. (January 4, 1922 -- March 5, 2008) was a retired United States Navy officer and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration--the Medal of Honor--for his actions during the Battle of Okinawa in World War II.	Richard Miles McCool	United States Navy
military branch	Sir Frederick Haldimand, KB (August 11, 1718 -- June 5, 1791) was a military officer best known for his service in the British Army in North America during the Seven Years' War and the American Revolutionary War.	Frederick Haldimand	British Army
military branch	From 1 Jul 1941 to 31 May 1943 Alexander Kolb was Officer with Special Duties of the Ministry of Aviation (Germany) (RLM) and Commander-in-Chief of the Luftwaffe.	Alexander Kolb	Luftwaffe
military branch	George Ray Tweed (July 2, 1902 -- January 16, 1989) was a decorated radioman in the United States Navy who served during the World War II. He is most famous for evading of Japanese capture for two years and seven months after the surrendering of U.S Garrison on Guam in 1941.	George Ray Tweed	United States Navy
military branch	Aviation Ordnanceman Ernest Lenard Hilbert was born 14 June 1920 at Quinn, South Dakota, and enlisted in the United States Navy 10 April 1940 at Los Angeles, California.	Ernest Lenard Hilbert	United States Navy
military branch	204th Independent Infantry Brigade (Home) was a Home Defence formation of the British Army during World War II.	204th Independent Infantry Brigade (Home)	British Army
military branch	Richard Montgomery (December 2, 1738 -- December 31, 1775) was an Irish-born soldier who first served in the British Army.	Richard Montgomery	British Army
military branch	Ivor Parry Evans (February 20, 1923, (Aliquippa, Pennsylvania) -- October 24, 2009 (Abilene, Texas) was a United States Air Force officer and commander.	Ivor Parry Evans	United States Air Force
military branch	The 221st Independent Infantry Brigade (Home) (221 Bde) was a short-lived Home Defence formation of the British Army during World War II.	221st Independent Infantry Brigade (Home)	British Army
military branch	The Hertfordshire Yeomanry is a British Army unit specializing in artillery and yeomanry that can trace its formation to the late 18th century.	Hertfordshire Yeomanry	British Army
military branch	Albert Weisbogel (1844 -- May 27, 1919) was a 19th-century United States Navy sailor.	Albert Weisbogel	United States Navy
military branch	George Philip Jr. (14 April 1912 -- 16 June 1945) was a United States Navy Commander and recipient of the Navy Cross and Silver Star.	George Philip Jr.	United States Navy
military branch	149th Regiment Royal Armoured Corps (149 RAC) was an armoured regiment of the British Army's Royal Armoured Corps that served in the Burma Campaign during World War II.	149th Regiment Royal Armoured Corps	British Army
military branch	Charles Russell Lowell III (January 2, 1835 -- October 20, 1864) was a railroad executive, foundryman, and General in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	Charles Russell Lowell	Union Army
military branch	Susan Ahn Cuddy (Korean: 안수산, Hanja:安繡山; January 16, 1915 -- June 24, 2015) was the first female gunnery officer in the United States Navy.	Susan Ahn Cuddy	United States Navy
military branch	Admiral Sir Richard Poore, 4th Baronet, KCB, CVO (7 July 1853--1930) was a Royal Navy officer who went on to be Commander-in-Chief, The Nore.	Sir Richard Poore, 4th Baronet	Royal Navy
military branch	Horst-Dieter Kolletschke (born 29 February 1952) is a retired Konteradmiral (rear admiral) of the German Navy.	Horst-Dieter Kolletschke	German Navy
military branch	Heinz-Wolfgang Schnaufer (16 February 1922 -- 15 July 1950) was a German Luftwaffe night fighter pilot and is the highest scoring night fighter ace in the history of aerial warfare.	Heinz-Wolfgang Schnaufer	Luftwaffe
military branch	F 17 Kallinge, Blekinge Flygflottilj, Blekinge Air Force Wing, or simply ``F 17'', is a Swedish Air Force wing with the main base located near Ronneby in southern Sweden.	F 17 Kallinge	Swedish Air Force
military branch	The British Army's 1st Artillery Brigade and Headquarters South West is a formation under Force Troops Command that has control over close support artillery units within the British Army and is the Regional Point of Command (RPoC) for British Army units in the South West Region.	1st Artillery Brigade and Headquarters South West	British Army
military branch	Means Johnston, Jr. (December 5, 1916 -- July 14, 1989) was an admiral in the United States Navy.	Means Johnston, Jr.	United States Navy
military branch	Vice Admiral of the Blue William Bligh, FRS, RN (9 September 1754 -- 7 December 1817) was an officer of the British Royal Navy and a colonial administrator.	William Bligh	Royal Navy
military branch	The Ulster Defence Regiment (UDR) was an infantry regiment of the British Army established in 1970, with a comparatively short existence ending in 1992.	Ulster Defence Regiment	British Army
military branch	Richard Severson was a Brigadier General in the United States Air Force.	Richard Severson	United States Air Force
military branch	General John Dale Ryan (December 10, 1915 -- October 27, 1983) was the seventh Chief of Staff of the United States Air Force.	John Dale Ryan	United States Air Force
military branch	Field Marshal Lord William Paulet, GCB (7 July 1804 -- 9 May 1893) was a senior British Army officer.	Lord William Paulet	British Army
military branch	The modern French Army retains one regiment of Spahis as an armoured unit, with personnel now recruited in mainland France.	Spahi	French Army
military branch	Vice Admiral Sir Edward Griffith Colpoys KCB (c. 1767 -- 8 October 1832) was a senior officer of the British Royal Navy during the early nineteenth century.	Edward Griffith Colpoys	Royal Navy
military branch	Steve Clark Hall (born November 9, 1953) is a retired United States Navy submarine officer and documentary film maker.	Steve Clark Hall	United States Navy
military branch	Admiral Sir Arthur Kaye Legge KCB (25 October 1766 -- 12 May 1835) was an officer of the British Royal Navy who served in three wars and commanded ships in several campaigns.	Arthur Kaye Legge	Royal Navy
military branch	Air Commodore Colin McKay Grierson CBE (16 June 1906--1991) was a senior officer in the Royal Air Force during and after World War II. He joined the Royal Air Force (RAF) as an Aircraft Apprentice in 1921.	Colin McKay Grierson	Royal Air Force
military branch	Commodore William Compton Bolton (died 1849), born William Bolton Finch, was an officer in the United States Navy during the mid-19th century.	William Compton Bolton	United States Navy
military branch	William Haviland (1718 -- 16 September 1784) was an Irish-born general in the British Army.	William Haviland	British Army
named after	It is a characteristic radius associated with every quantity of mass. The Schwarzschild radius was named after the German astronomer Karl Schwarzschild, who calculated this exact solution for the theory of general relativity in 1916.	Schwarzschild radius	Karl Schwarzschild
named after	Wardite was named for Henry Augustus Ward (1834--1906) of the University of Rochester in New York.	Wardite	Henry Augustus Ward
named after	Hassium is a chemical element with symbol Hs and atomic number 108, named after the German state of Hesse.	Hassium	Hesse
named after	The Lamport signature cryptosystem was invented in 1979 and named after its inventor, Leslie Lamport.	Lamport signature	Leslie Lamport
named after	Amsoldingersee is small lake adjacent to the town of Amsoldingen, in the Upper Gürbetal.	Amsoldingersee	Amsoldingen
named after	Mare Moscoviense (``Sea of Moscow'') is a lunar mare that sits in the Moscoviense basin.	Mare Moscoviense	Moscow
named after	Graves' disease owes its name to the Irish doctor Robert James Graves, who described a case of goitre with exophthalmos in 1835.	Graves' disease	Robert James Graves
named after	The Faraday cup is named after Michael Faraday who first theorized ions around 1830.	Faraday cup	Michael Faraday
named after	Albi Cathedral, formally the Cathedral Basilica of Saint Cecilia (French: Basilique Cathédrale Sainte-Cécile d'Albi), is the most important Catholic building in Albi, France, and the seat of the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Albi (in full, Albi-Castres-Lavaur).	Albi Cathedral	Saint Cecilia
named after	The NCTE George Orwell Award for Distinguished Contribution to Honesty and Clarity in Public Language (the Orwell Award for short), ``established in 1975 and given by the National Council of Teachers of English Public Language Award Committee, recognizes writers who have made outstanding contributions to the critical analysis of public discourse.''	Orwell Award	George Orwell
named after	Ahmet Yesevi University (Turkish: Ahmet Yesevi Üniversitesi) is a university in the city of Turkistan in Kazakhstan, named for the twelfth-century Sufi poet Khoja Akhmet Yassawi.	Ahmet Yesevi University	Khoja Akhmet Yassawi
named after	The Teclu burner is a laboratory gas burner, a variant of the Bunsen burner, named after the Romanian chemist Nicolae Teclu.	Teclu burner	Nicolae Teclu
named after	Corkite is named after County Cork, Ireland; the location where the first notable amount was discovered in 1869.	Corkite	County Cork
named after	Tenorite was named in 1841 after the Italian botanist Michele Tenore (1780-1861).	Tenorite	Michele Tenore
named after	The Rooney Prize for Irish Literature was created in 1976 by the Irish American businessman Dan Rooney, owner and chairman of the NFL Pittsburgh Steelers franchise and former U.S. Ambassador to Ireland.	Rooney Prize for Irish Literature	Dan Rooney
named after	The Kenyatta International Conference Centre, colloquially known as the ``KICC'', now known as the Kenyatta International Convention Centre, was commissioned by Mzee Jomo Kenyatta, the 1st President of the Republic of Kenya, in 1967.	Kenyatta International Convention Centre	Jomo Kenyatta
named after	The Central Collegiate Institute was renamed Hendrix College in 1889 in honor of Rev. Eugene Russell Hendrix, a presiding bishop over three Arkansas Methodist conferences.	Hendrix College	Eugene Russell Hendrix
named after	In computer science, Ukkonen's algorithm is a linear-time, online algorithm for constructing suffix trees, proposed by Esko Ukkonen in 1995.	Ukkonen's algorithm	Esko Ukkonen
named after	The Holzer Permaculture is a branch of permaculture developed independently from the mainstream permaculture in Austria by Sepp Holzer.	Holzer Permaculture	Sepp Holzer
named after	The Juno clump is a probable main-belt asteroid family in the vicinity of 3 Juno.	Juno clump	3 Juno
named after	Charlesite was named in 1945 after Dr. Charles Palache, mineralogist and professor at Harvard University for his known work with minerals.	Charlesite	Charles Palache
named after	Boole's inequality is named after George Boole.	Boole's inequality	George Boole
named after	Padania is an alternative name for the Po Valley, a major plain in the north of Italy.	Padania	Po Valley
named after	The Beckmann rearrangement, named after the German chemist Ernst Otto Beckmann (1853--1923), is an acid-catalyzed rearrangement of an oxime to an amide.	Beckmann rearrangement	Ernst Otto Beckmann
named after	Hansen's problem is a problem in planar surveying, named after the astronomer Peter Andreas Hansen (1795--1874), who worked on the geodetic survey of Denmark.	Hansen's problem	Peter Andreas Hansen
named after	During Nikita Khrushchev's second wave of destalinization in November 1961 the city was renamed Donetsk, after the Seversky Donets River, a tributary of the Don in order to distance it from the former leader Joseph Stalin.	Donetsk	Joseph Stalin
named after	Niedermayrite was named for Gerhard Niedermayr (born 1941), an Austrian mineralogist.	Niedermayrite	Gerhard Niedermayr
named after	Mnev's universality theorem was discovered by Nikolai Mnev in his Ph. D. thesis.	Mnev's universality theorem	Nikolai Mnev
named after	The Leitner system is a widely used method of efficiently using flashcards that was proposed by the German science journalist Sebastian Leitner in the 1970s.	Leitner system	Sebastian Leitner
named after	Santo Spirito in Sassia (Church of the Holy Spirit in the Saxon district) is a 12th-century titular church in Rome.	Santo Spirito in Sassia	Holy Spirit
named after	The Cutter Expansive Classification system is a library classification system devised by Charles Ammi Cutter.	Cutter Expansive Classification	Charles Ammi Cutter
named after	Young tableaux were introduced by Alfred Young, a mathematician at Cambridge University, in 1900.	Young tableau	Alfred Young
native language	Raymond Cordy (9 December 1898 -- 23 April 1956) was a French film actor, born Raymond Cordiaux.	Raymond Cordy	French
native language	Jimmy Tavares (born November 20, 1984) is a French figure skater and actor.	Jimmy Tavares	French
native language	Major-General Pierre Bonnemains, Baron of Bonnemains (13 September 1773 in Tréauville -- 9 November 1850 in Mesnil-Garnier, was a French officer during the Napoleonic Wars and a member of the French Parliament. Bonnemains' name is inscribed on the southern pillar of the Arc de Triomphe in Paris.	Pierre Bonnemains	French
native language	Vim Karénine (born August 6, 1933) is an American and French poet, a haiku poet and a novelist.	Vim Karénine	French
native language	Stanislao Loffreda, O.F.M., (born 15 January 1932) is an Italian Franciscan friar, archaeologist, Palestinian pottery expert and Bible scholar.	Stanislao Loffreda	Italian
native language	Jean-Marc Morandini (5 August 1965) is a French journalist.	Jean-Marc Morandini	French
native language	Larisa Israelevna Mondrus (Russian: Лари́са Изра́илевна Мо́ндрус, Latvian: Larisa Mondrusa, German: Larissa Mondrus; born 15 November 1943) is a Soviet singer (soprano), who was popular in the USSR in the 1960s.	Larisa Mondrus	Russian
native language	Jelle Zijlstra (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈjɛlə ˈzɛilstraː); 27 August 1918 -- 23 December 2001) was a Dutch politician of the now defunct Anti Revolutionary Party (ARP) which merged in 1977 into the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA).	Jelle Zijlstra	Dutch
native language	Olivier Hussenot (10 September 1913 -- 25 August 1978) was a French theatre and film actor.	Olivier Hussenot	French
native language	André Barsacq (24 January 1909 -- 8 July 1973) was a French theatre director, producer, scenic designer, and playwright.	André Barsacq	French
native language	Achille Maffre de Baugé (16 March 1855 -- 1928) was an Occitan poet, native of Marseillan in the French département of l'Hérault).	Achille Maffre de Baugé	French
native language	Roger Poidatz (1894 -- 14 August 1976) was a French writer best known by his pseudonym, Thomas Raucat.	Roger Poidatz	French
native language	Michèle Girardon (August 9, 1938 -- March 25, 1975), sometimes credited as Michele Girardon, was a French actress.	Michèle Girardon	French
native language	Brigitte Roüan (born 28 September 1946) is a French director, screenwriter and actress.	Brigitte Roüan	French
native language	Pierre Pujo (19 November 1929, Boulogne-Billancourt - 10 November 2007) was the leader of the leading French monarchist group Action Française until his death on 10 November 2007.	Pierre Pujo	French
native language	Noël Valois (4 May 1855, Paris -- 11 November 1915, Paris), was a French historian.	Noël Valois	French
native language	Clément Armand Fallières (French pronunciation: ​(aʁmɑ̃ faljɛʁ); 6 November 1841 -- 22 June 1931) was a French politician, president of the French republic from 1906 to 1913.	Armand Fallières	French
native language	Jean Ogier de Gombauld (1576--1666) was a French playwright and poet.	Jean Ogier de Gombauld	French
native language	Romain Gavras (born 4 July 1981 in Athens, Greece) is a Greek French director, best known overseas for directing M.I.A.'s controversial video for ``Born Free''.	Romain Gavras	French
native language	Joseph Albert Alexandre Glatigny (May 21, 1839, at Lilleborne, Seine Inférieure - April 16, 1873, at Sèvres), was a French poet, comedian and playwright.	Joseph Albert Alexandre Glatigny	French
native language	François-Régis Bastide (1 July 1926; Biarritz -- 16 April 1996; Paris) was a French writer, diplomat, politician, and radio host.	François-Régis Bastide	French
native language	Pascal Sevran (16 October 1945 -- 9 May 2008) was a French TV presenter and author.	Pascal Sevran	French
native language	Kim Chunsu was one of the leading South Korean poets of the late twentieth century.	Kim Chunsu	Korean
native language	Henri Guilbeaux (1885--1938) was a French socialist politician.	Henri Guilbeaux	French
native language	Marie-Georges-Jean Méliès, known as Georges Méliès (/meɪˈljɛs/; French: (meljɛs); 8 December 1861 -- 21 January 1938), was a French illusionist and filmmaker famous for leading many technical and narrative developments in the earliest days of cinema.	Georges Méliès	French
native language	Robert Badinter (French: (badɛ̃tɛʁ); born 30 March 1928) is a French criminal lawyer, university professor, politician and activist against the death penalty, the abolition of which he successfully sponsored in Parliament in 1981.	Robert Badinter	French
native language	Melchior Joseph Eugène Daumas (October 4, 1803 in Delémont, Switzerland -- May 1871 in Camblanes), was a French general and writer.	Eugène Daumas	French
native language	Marie Déa (born Odette Alice Marie Deupès 17 May 1912 - 1 March 1992) was a French actress.	Marie Déa	French
native language	Huguette Bouchardeau (born 1935 in Saint-Étienne, Loire) is a French socialist politician, as well as a publisher (founder of HB Éditions), essayist, and biographer.	Huguette Bouchardeau	French
native language	Jean-François Mattei (born 14 January 1943 in Lyon, France), is a French doctor and politician.	Jean-François Mattei	French
native language	Marceline Desbordes-Valmore (June 20, 1786 -- July 23, 1859) was a French poet and novelist.	Marceline Desbordes-Valmore	French
native language	Henri-François Rey (July 31, 1919 in Toulouse - July 22, 1987 in Paris) was a French writer, dramaturge and screenwriter.	Henri-François Rey	French
native language	Ferdinand-Sigismond Bach, known as Ferdinand Bac, (15 August 1859 - 18 November 1952) was a French cartoonist, artist and writer, son of an illegitimate nephew of the Emperor Napoleon.	Ferdinand Bac	French
native language	André Birabeau (1890-1974) was a French novelist, playwright and screenwriter.	André Birabeau	French
native language	Jean Ferré (29 May 1929, Saint-Pierre-les-Églises, now part of Chauvigny, Vienne, -- 10 October 2006, Saint-Germain-en-Laye) was a French art historian and a right-political journalist.	Jean Ferré	French
native language	Louis Marie de La Révellière-Lépeaux (24 August 1753 -- 24 March 1824) was a deputy to the National Convention during the French Revolution.	Louis Marie de La Révellière-Lépeaux	French
native language	Helmut Brandt (born 24 October 1950 in Bardenberg, Würselen, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German politician, member of the CDU, and Legal Counsel (Justiziar) for the CDU/CSU Parliamentary Group.	Helmut Brandt	German
native language	Jeanne-Marie Sens (born 8 December 1937 in Paris) is a French singer, songwriter, author and editor.	Jeanne-Marie Sens	French
native language	Octave Aubry (1 September 1881, Paris -- 27 March 1946) was a French novelist and historian.	Octave Aubry	French
native language	Birgit Schnieber-Jastram (born July 4, 1946 in Hamburg) is a German politician and representative of the German Christian Democratic Union.	Birgit Schnieber-Jastram	German
native language	Antoine Pol (born in Douai on August 23, 1888; died in Seine-Port on June 21, 1971) was a French poet.	Antoine Pol	French
native language	Alexandra Paschalidou-Moreti, Greek:	Alexandra Paschalidou-Moreti	Greek
native language	Florence Guérin (born on 12 June 1965), also known as Florence Nicolas, is a French actress.	Florence Guérin	French
native language	Pierre Roger Ducos (25 July 1747 -- 16 March 1816), better known as Roger Ducos, was a French political figure during the Revolution and First Empire, a member of the National Convention, and of the Directory.	Roger Ducos	French
native language	Léopold Héder (born August 16, 1918 in Cayenne, French Guiana, and died June 9, 1978 in Cambo-les-Bains, France) was a socialist politician from French Guiana who served in the French Senate from 1971--1978 and in the French National Assembly from 1962-1967.	Léopold Héder	French
native language	Glenmor was the stage name of Emile Le Scanf (1931--1996), a Breton protest singer who sought to preserve the Breton language and adapt local traditions of folk singing to the radical culture of the 1960s and 70s.	Glenmor	Breton
native language	Edmond Valléry Gressier (21 December 1813, Corbie -- 1 November 1892) was a French lawyer, senator for Somme (and President of its General Council) and the Minister of Agriculture of France during the Franco-Prussian War.	Edmond Valléry Gressier	French
native language	Frédéric Beigbeder (French: (fʁedeʁik bɛɡbeˈde); born 21 September 1965) is a French writer, literary critic and a TV presenter.	Frédéric Beigbeder	French
native language	Avrom Reyzen (Abraham Reisen) (1876 -- 1953) was a Yiddish writer, poet and editor, and the elder brother of the Yiddishist Zalman Reisen.	Avrom Reyzen	Yiddish
native language	Nicole Péry (born 15 May 1943), is a French socialist politician.	Nicole Péry	French
native language	François Missoffe (13 October 1919 in Toulon, France -- 28 August 2003 in Rouen) was a French politician and diplomat.	François Missoffe	French
native language	Coenraad Jacob Temminck (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈkunraːt ˈjaːkɔp ˈtɛmɪŋk); 31 March 1778 -- 30 January 1858) was a Dutch aristocrat, zoologist, and museum director.	Coenraad Jacob Temminck	Dutch
native language	Yannis Dragasakis (Greek: Γιάννης Δραγασάκης; born 1 January 1947) is a Greek politician and the current Deputy Prime Minister of Greece.	Yannis Dragasakis	Greek
native language	Charles-Jean-Marie Alquier (13 October 1752 - 3 February 1826), was a French diplomat.	Charles-Jean-Marie Alquier	French
native language	Ernst Umhauer (born 2 December 1989) is a French actor who is best known for his role as Claude Garcia in the 2012 film In The House, directed by François Ozon.	Ernst Umhauer	French
native language	Joseph Bédier (28 January 1864 -- 29 August 1938) was a French writer and scholar and historian of medieval France.	Joseph Bédier	French
native language	Pierre Palau (13 August 1883 -- 3 December 1966), often known simply as Palau, was a French actor.	Pierre Palau	French
native language	Paul Jean Pierre Sauzet (23 March 1800 -- 12 July 1876) was a French lawyer and politician from Lyon who was Minister of Justice and Religious Affairs for a few months in 1836 and was President of the Chamber of Deputies from 1839 until the February Revolution of 1848.	Paul Jean Pierre Sauzet	French
native language	Kilien Stengel (born 1972 in Nevers (Nièvre)), is a French gastronomic author, restaurateur, and cookbook writer.	Kilien Stengel	French
native language	Denis Pozder (born 11 December 1989) is a German footballer of Bosnian descent who currently plays for FC Den Bosch.	Denis Pozder	German
native language	Henri Philippe de Chauvelin (1714--1770) was a French cleric and politician.	Henri Philippe de Chauvelin	French
native language	Jérôme Charvet is a French actor who has appeared in films since 2005.	Jérôme Charvet	French
native language	Martin Meissonnier is a French journalist, producer, director and composer.	Martin Meissonnier	French
native language	Gérard Klein (born 1937), known also as Gilles d'Argyre, is a French science fiction writer with sociological training.	Gérard Klein	French
native language	Frédéric-Louis Sauser (September 1, 1887 -- January 21, 1961), better known as Blaise Cendrars, was a Swiss-born novelist and poet who became a naturalized French citizen in 1916.	Blaise Cendrars	French
native language	Jean Sainteny or Jean Roger (29 May 1907, Vésinet -- 25 February 1978) was a French politician who was sent to Vietnam after the end of the Second World War in order to accept the surrender of the Japanese forces and to attempt to reincorporate Vietnam into French Indochina.	Jean Sainteny	French
native language	François Lochon (born 16 May 1954) is a French photojournalist.	François Lochon	French
native language	Jang Seoknam (Hangul: 장석남) is a South Korean poet.	Jang Seoknam	Korean
native language	Charles Brifaut (15 February 1781, Dijon -- 5 June 1857, Paris) was a French poet, journalist, publicist and playwright.	Charles Brifaut	French
native language	David-Augustin de Brueys (1640 -- 25 November 1723) was a French theologian and dramatist.	David-Augustin de Brueys	French
native language	André Pieyre de Mandiargues (14 March 1909 -- 13 December 1991) was a French writer born in Paris.	André Pieyre de Mandiargues	French
native language	Julius Isidor Rosenthal (16 July 1836 -- 2 January 1915) was a German physiologist who was a native of Labischin.	Isidor Rosenthal	German
native language	Adolphe Vuitry (31 March 1813 -- 23 June 1885) was a French lawyer, economist and politician.	Adolphe Vuitry	French
native language	Paul Brousse (French: (bʁus); January 23, 1844 -- April 1, 1912) was a French socialist, leader of the possibilistes group.	Paul Brousse	French
native language	Donald Reignoux (born 1982) is a French actor best known for his dubbing and radio roles.	Donald Reignoux	French
native language	Léon Lévy Brunswick (20 April 1805, in Paris -- 29 July 1859, in Le Havre) was a French playwright.	Léon Lévy Brunswick	French
native language	Albin Théodore Denys Colomb de Daunant (21 November 1922 -- 22 March 2006) was a French writer, poet, photographer and filmmaker, best known for his work on the multi-award-winning 1953 short film White Mane.	Denys Colomb de Daunant	French
native language	André Maranne (born 1926) is a French actor, best known for playing Frenchmen in English-language roles in the UK from the mid-1950s.	André Maranne	French
native language	Pierre Autin-Grenier (French: (otɛ̃ gʁənje); 4 April 1947 -- 12 April 2014) was a French author.	Pierre Autin-Grenier	French
native language	Carl Linnaeus (; 23 May 1707 -- 10 January 1778), also known after his ennoblement as Carl von Linné (), was a Swedish botanist, physician, and zoologist, who formalised the modern system of naming organisms called binomial nomenclature.	Carl Linnaeus	Swedish
native language	Jo Coenen (born 30 September 1949, in Heerlen) is a Dutch architect and urban planner.	Jo Coenen	Dutch
native language	Pierre Rochefort (born 1981) is a French actor and singer.	Pierre Rochefort	French
native language	Jean Raphaël Adrien René Viviani (French pronunciation: ​(ʁəne vivjaˈni); 8 November 1863 -- 7 September 1925) was a French politician of the Third Republic, who served as Prime Minister for the first year of World War I. He was born in Sidi Bel Abbès, in French Algeria.	René Viviani	French
native language	Jean Espariat was a French lawyer and politician.	Jean Espariat	French
native language	Jean-Baptiste Puech is a French actor.	Jean-Baptiste Puech	French
native language	Anne-Marie Albiach (9 August 1937 -- 4 November 2012) was a contemporary French poet and translator.	Anne-Marie Albiach	French
native language	Pierre-Alexandre-Laurent Forfait (21 April 1752, Rouen -- 8 November 1807, Rouen) was a French engineer, hydrographer and politician, and Minister of the Navy.	Pierre-Alexandre-Laurent Forfait	French
native language	Antoine Rault (born September 28, 1965) is a French dramatist and novelist.	Antoine Rault	French
native language	Jacques Barrot (3 February 1937 -- 3 December 2014) was a French politician, who served as European Commissioner for Justice between 2008 and 2010, after having spent four years serving as Commissioner for Transport (2004--2008) and Commissioner for Regional Policy for eight months (2004).	Jacques Barrot	French
native language	Alexandra Popp (born 6 April 1991) is a German footballer.	Alexandra Popp	German
native language	Jean-Louis Laya (December 4, 1761 -- August 25, 1833) was a French dramatist born in Paris.	Jean-Louis Laya	French
native language	Charles Théveneau de Morande (1741--1805) was a gutter journalist, blackmailer and French spy who lived in London in the 18th century.	Charles Théveneau de Morande	French
native language	Louis Philippe, comte de Ségur (10 December 1753 -- 27 August 1830) was a French diplomat and historian.	Louis Philippe, comte de Ségur	French
native language	Katrin Albsteiger (née Poleschner, born 20 November 1983) is a German politician from the Christian Social Union of Bavaria.	Katrin Albsteiger	German
native language	Gabriel Pomerand (c. 1926 - 1972) was a French poet, artist and a co-founder of lettrism.	Gabriel Pomerand	French
native language	Bryan Coquard (born 25 April 1992) is a French cyclist.	Bryan Coquard	French
native language	Robert d'Harcourt (23 November 1881 -- 18 June 1965) was a French Catholic intellectual, scholar of German culture and anti-Nazi polemicist.	Robert d'Harcourt	French
native language	After the French legislative elections of 2012, Guillaume Garot was nominated Junior Minister for the Food Industry, under the authority of Stéphane Le Foll in the Jean-Marc Ayrault government.	Guillaume Garot	French
native language	Sonia Lagarde (born Sonia Boyer 29 August 1948) is a French New Caledonian politician and the current mayor of Nouméa.	Sonia Lagarde	French
native language	Loan Chabanol (born 1982) is a French actress, artist, and model from Paris.	Loan Chabanol	French
native language	François Amédée Doppet (16 March 1753 -- 26 April 1799) was a Savoyard who briefly commanded three French armies during the French Revolutionary Wars without distinction.	François Amédée Doppet	French
native language	George Henry Lewes (/ˈluːɪs/; 18 April 1817 -- 30 November 1878) was an English philosopher and critic of literature and theatre.	George Henry Lewes	English
native language	Emmanuelle Seigner (born 22 June 1966) is a French actress, former fashion model, and singer.	Emmanuelle Seigner	French
native language	Gérard Berliner (1956--2010) was a French actor and composer.	Gérard Berliner	French
native language	Françoise Bourdin (born 1952) is a best selling French novelist.	Françoise Bourdin	French
native language	Paul Vigouroux (1919--1980), also known as Mathieu Laurier, was a French political activist and anti-communist.	Paul Vigouroux	French
native language	Léopold de Saussure (30 May 1866 -- 30 July 1925) was a Swiss-born French sinologist, pioneering scholar of ancient Chinese astronomy, and officer in the French navy.	Léopold de Saussure	French
native language	Louis Didier Jousselin (1776--1858) was a French engineer.	Louis Didier Jousselin	French
native language	Élisabeth Guigou (French pronunciation: ​(elizabɛt ɡiˈɡu); born Élisabeth Vallier; 6 August 1946) is a French socialist politician.	Élisabeth Guigou	French
native language	Joyce Jonathan (born 3 November 1989 in Levallois-Perret) is a French singer and songwriter.	Joyce Jonathan	French
native language	Jean-Jacques Germain Pelet-Clozeau (15 July 1777 -- 20 December 1858) joined the French army in 1800 and soon became a topographic engineer.	Jean-Jacques Germain Pelet-Clozeau	French
native language	Jonkheer Willem van Haren (February 21, 1710 -- July 4, 1768) was a Dutch nobleman and poet.	Willem van Haren	Dutch
native language	Céline Monsarrat (born January 13, 1954) is a French actress best known for her voice dubbing work.	Céline Monsarrat	French
native language	Henri Duvernois (4 March 1875 in Paris - 30 January 1937 in Paris) was a French screenwriter.	Henri Duvernois	French
native language	Olympe Bradna (12 August 1920 -- 5 November 2012) was a French dancer and actress, who emigrated to the United States where she lived for the rest of her life.	Olympe Bradna	French
native language	Jean-Charles Gervaise de Latouche (26 November 1715, in Amiens - 28 November 1782), was a French writer.	Jean-Charles Gervaise de Latouche	French
original network	Jornal da Globo (Globo Journal) is the late night news show broadcast by the Brazilian television channel Rede Globo.	Jornal da Globo	Rede Globo
original network	My Dad Is Better Than Your Dad is a reality sports TV show on NBC that premiered on February 18, 2008.	My Dad Is Better Than Your Dad	NBC
original network	The Unforeseen was a Canadian drama television series which aired on CBC Television from 1958 to 1960.	The Unforeseen	CBC Television
original network	G vs E (later retitled Good vs. Evil) is an American fantasy-based television action series that had its first season air on USA Network during the summer and autumn of 1999.	G vs E	USA Network
original network	The British at Work is a four-part BBC Two documentary series, broadcast in 2011.	The British at Work	BBC Two
original network	Fairly Legal is a television series which aired on USA Network from January 20, 2011, to June 15, 2012.	Fairly Legal	USA Network
original network	Game of Homes is a Canadian reality television series, which premiered on W Network on March 17, 2015.	Game of Homes	W Network
original network	St. Lawrence North is a Canadian documentary television series which first aired on CBC Television in 1960.	St. Lawrence North	CBC Television
original network	The South Bank Show is a television arts magazine show that was produced by ITV between 1978 and 2010.	The South Bank Show	ITV
original network	Michael Palin's New Europe is a travel documentary presented by Michael Palin and first aired in the UK on the BBC on 16 September 2007 and in the US on the Travel Channel on 28 January 2008.	Michael Palin's New Europe	BBC
original network	Boyster is a French-British, 2D CGI TV series that premiered on Disney XD on June 16, 2014.	Boyster	Disney XD
original network	My New Best Friend was a hidden camera comedy game show that aired on Channel 4 from 8 August to 12 September 2003.	My New Best Friend	Channel 4
original network	Directions in Music is a Canadian music television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1961.	Directions in Music	CBC Television
original network	Almost Live! is a local sketch comedy television show in Seattle, Washington, USA, produced and broadcast by NBC affiliate KING-TV from 1984 to 1999.	Almost Live!	KING-TV
original network	My Coolest Years is a television program that aired on VH1 in which actors, musicians, and other celebrities reminisce about their high school years.	My Coolest Years	VH1
original network	El elegido (English: The Chosen) is an Argentine telenovela produced by El Árbol and aired by Telefe.	El elegido	Telefe
original network	Some scripts used in The Eddie Capra Mysteries were adapted from scripts intended for the canceled 1975--1976 NBC series Ellery Queen.	The Eddie Capra Mysteries	NBC
original network	Marcel's Quantum Kitchen is an American television program broadcast by the Syfy channel.	Marcel's Quantum Kitchen	Syfy
original network	Sgorio is a football television programme produced by Rondo Media for S4C.	Sgorio	S4C
original network	Tiswas (``Today Is Saturday Watch And Smile'') is a Saturday morning children's British television series which ran from 5 January 1974 to 3 April 1982 and was produced for the ITV network by ATV Network Limited.	Tiswas	ITV
original network	Weekend View was a weekend weather program on The Weather Channel that aired from 5-11 a.m. Eastern Time.	Weekend View	The Weather Channel
original network	Yahaaan Main Ghar Ghar Kheli (English: I've Spent My Childhood Here), produced by Rajshri Productions, was an Indian dramatic serial that aired on Zee TV Monday to Friday evenings.	Yahaaan Main Ghar Ghar Kheli	Zee TV
original network	Hec Ramsey is a television Western starring Richard Boone, a creation of Jack Webb's production company, Mark VII Limited in association with Universal Studios, broadcast in the United States by NBC as part of the NBC Mystery Movie wheel show during the 1972-73 and 1973-74 seasons.	Hec Ramsey	NBC
original network	Naked Science is an American documentary television series that premiered in 2004 on the National Geographic Channel and ran through November 2011.	Naked Science	National Geographic Channel
original network	Love of Life is an American soap opera which aired on CBS from September 24, 1951, to February 1, 1980.	Love of Life	CBS
original network	The Most Extreme is a documentary television series on the American cable television network, Animal Planet.	The Most Extreme	Animal Planet
original network	CrossTalk is a current affairs debate television program on RT. Billed as the flagship program of the network, it is hosted by American journalist Peter Lavelle from RT's studios in Moscow.	CrossTalk	RT
original network	Idiotest (a portmanteau of ``idiot'' and ``test'' and stylized as Id!otest) is an American television game show broadcast by Game Show Network (GSN).	Idiotest	Game Show Network
original network	The Mentalist is an American police procedural television series that ran from September 23, 2008 until February 18, 2015, broadcasting 151 episodes over seven seasons, on CBS.	The Mentalist	CBS
original network	PGA Tour on ABC is the de facto branding used for telecasts of the main professional golf tournaments of the PGA Tour on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) television network in the United States.	PGA Tour on ABC	American Broadcasting Company
original network	Kratts' Creatures is a half-hour children's television program on PBS Kids.	Kratts' Creatures	PBS
original network	Bridezillas is an American reality television series that airs on WE tv and debuted on June 1, 2004.	Bridezillas	WE tv
original network	Ti Ti Ti (International Title:The Buzz) is a Brazilian telenovela that originally aired on Rede Globo from July 19, 2010 to March 17, 2011.	Ti Ti Ti	Rede Globo
original network	The World According to Paris is an American reality television series on Oxygen that premiered on June 1, 2011.	The World According to Paris	Oxygen
original network	The Debbie Reynolds Show is an American situation comedy which aired on the NBC television network during the 1969-70 television season.	The Debbie Reynolds Show	NBC
original network	Mouseterpiece Theater is an American television show that ran on The Disney Channel that premiered on the channel's launch date on April 18, 1983, and continued with reruns into the 1990s.	Mouseterpiece Theater	Disney Channel
original network	Live-In is an American sitcom that aired on CBS from March 20, 1989 to May 29, 1989.	Live-In	CBS
original network	The John Forsythe Show began as a situation comedy in the fall of 1965 on NBC, but at mid-season it switched to a spy show.	The John Forsythe Show	NBC
original network	Real Chance of Love (season 1) is the first season of the VH1 reality television dating series entitled Real Chance of Love.	Real Chance of Love (season 1)	VH1
original network	Scott Baio Is 46...and Pregnant is an American reality series that aired on VH1 from January to March 2008.	Scott Baio Is 46...and Pregnant	VH1
original network	Breakfast Time aired only on Mondays to Fridays on BBC One, compared to a seven day a week service offered by their rivals TV-AM on ITV.	Breakfast Time	BBC One
original network	The Dead Files is an American paranormal television series that premiered on September 23, 2011, on the Travel Channel.	The Dead Files	Travel Channel
original network	The Bozo Show is a locally produced children's television program that aired on WGN-TV in Chicago and nationally on what is now WGN America.	The Bozo Show	WGN-TV
original network	Welsh television station S4C provided some of the funding for Gogs (and originally aired the show on Welsh television), as did Harlech Television (HTV), and Siriol Productions.	Gogs	S4C
original network	The People's Choice Awards is broadcast on CBS and is produced by Procter & Gamble and Survivor producer, Mark Burnett.	People's Choice Awards	CBS
original network	Patent Bending is a Canadian reality television series that premiered August 22, 2006, on the Discovery Channel.	Patent Bending	Discovery Channel
original network	Football 120 (Persian: فوتبال 120; Persian pronunciation: (ˌfutbɒl sædɵbist)) is a football TV programme which is broadcast live on Thursday nights on IRIB Varzesh TV and the recorded version is aired on Fridays on IRIB TV3.	Football 120	IRIB Varzesh
original network	New York Times Youth Forum was a public affairs program, sponsored by The New York Times and aired Sundays at 5pm EST on the now-defunct DuMont Television Network from September 14, 1952 to June 14, 1953.	New York Times Youth Forum	DuMont Television Network
original network	Breakout Kings is an American drama television series that aired on the A&E network.	Breakout Kings	A&E
original network	Dos mujeres, un camino (Two Women, One Path) is a Mexican neo-noir telenovela, produced by Televisa, which originally aired from August 16, 1993 to July 1, 1994, on Canal de las Estrellas.	Dos mujeres, un camino	Canal de las Estrellas
original network	Basketball Wives is an American reality television series that premiered April 11, 2010 on VH1.	Basketball Wives	VH1
original network	The Charlotte Crosby Experience is a British television reality show on TLC, broadcast since 29 April 2014.	The Charlotte Crosby Experience	TLC
original network	Ice Loves Coco is an American reality television series that debut on E! in the United States and Canada on June 12, 2011.	Ice Loves Coco	E
original network	Renascer (English: Revive) is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast by Rede Globo in 1993.	Renascer	Rede Globo
original network	Nukkad (Street Corner) was the name of a popular Hindi TV serial that aired on the Indian television channel DD National in 1986--87.	Nukkad	DD National
original network	Last Call with Carson Daly is an American late night television program hosted by Carson Daly and broadcast on NBC.	Last Call with Carson Daly	NBC
original network	Wedi 7 (After 7) was S4C's nightly magazine programme.	Wedi 7	S4C
original network	MLB on Five is a sports television programme on Channel 5 in the UK providing live coverage of Major League Baseball games.	MLB on Five	Channel 5
original network	Monster Squad is a television series that aired Saturday mornings on NBC from 1976-1977 that is unrelated to the later movie of the same name.	Monster Squad	NBC
original network	Fantasy Island is an American television series that originally aired on the American Broadcasting Company network from 1977 to 1984.	Fantasy Island	American Broadcasting Company
original network	How to Look Good Naked is a television program, first aired on British Channel 4 in 2006, in which fashion stylist Gok Wan encourages women and men who are insecure with their bodies to strip nude for the camera.	How to Look Good Naked	Channel 4
original network	Carol & Company is an American comedy anthology series starring Carol Burnett, Peter Krause, Jeremy Piven, Meagen Fay, Terry Kiser, Anita Barone and Richard Kind which aired on NBC from March 31, 1990 to July 20, 1991.	Carol & Company	NBC
original network	Major Dad is an American sitcom created by Richard C. Okie and John G. Stephens, developed by Earl Pomerantz, that originally ran from 1989 to 1993 on CBS, starring Gerald McRaney as Major John D. MacGillis and Shanna Reed as his wife Polly.	Major Dad	CBS
original network	Inside the NBA is the postgame show for NBA on TNT broadcasts.	Inside the NBA	NBA on TNT
original network	North Tonight was a Scottish nightly regional news programme covering the North of Scotland, produced by STV North (formerly Grampian Television).	North Tonight	Grampian Television
original network	The Brian Keith Show (originally titled The Little People) is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from September 1972 to March 1974.	The Brian Keith Show	NBC
original network	Produced by Spartina Productions and CBS Television Studios, The Late Show with Stephen Colbert is the second iteration of CBS's long-running Late Show franchise.	The Late Show with Stephen Colbert	CBS
original network	Famous Food is a VH1 reality series that premiered 10 July 2011.	Famous Food	VH1
original network	Khelti Hai Zindagi Aankh Micholi is an Indian television drama show, which premiered on 9 September 2013, on Zee TV.	Khelti Hai Zindagi Aankh Micholi	Zee TV
original network	Vietnam Rose (Vietnamese: Hoa hồng Việt Nam) is a television series that was aired on ABS-CBN.	Vietnam Rose	ABS-CBN
original network	The Commander Tom Show was a children's television series that aired weekday afternoons on Channel 7 WKBW-TV in Buffalo, New York, premiering on December 20, 1965.	Commander Tom Show	WKBW-TV
original network	Mi corazón insiste en Lola Volcán (My Heart Beats for Lola Volcan) is a Spanish-language telenovela produced by the United States-based television network Telemundo.	Mi corazón insiste en Lola Volcán	Telemundo
original network	The Raggy Dolls is a 1980s British cartoon series which originally aired on ITV from 1986 until 1994.	The Raggy Dolls	ITV
original network	North Woods Law is an American reality television series that debuted on March 11, 2012, on the Animal Planet.	North Woods Law	Animal Planet
original network	Mord mit Aussicht (Murder with a View) is a German satirical crime comedy television series, produced by Pro TV Produktion GmbH and broadcast on Das Erste, following the adventures of Sophie Haas (played by Caroline Peters), a detective from the city that takes a job in the fictional country village of Hengasch.	Mord mit Aussicht	Das Erste
original network	While working in the Mojena show the actors and creators of 20 Pisos de Historia resigned and joined Logroño to produce El Condominio, a 30 minute sitcom for WAPA-TV with the same characters and a similar premise, and new characters added.	El Condominio	WAPA-TV
original network	Top Gear Motorsport was a British television programme, covering various forms of motor racing, broadcast on BBC Two from 1994 to 1998.	Top Gear Motorsport	BBC Two
original network	The Burning Zone is a television drama broadcast on the UPN network as part of its 1996--97 lineup.	The Burning Zone	UPN
participant of	János Németh (June 12, 1906 in Budapest -- March 5, 1988 in Madrid, Spain) was a Hungarian water polo player who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	János Németh	1932 Summer Olympics	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Maurizio Stecca (born March 9, 1963) is an Italian former boxer, who won the Bantamweight Gold medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Maurizio Stecca	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lan Wei (Chinese: 蘭衛; born 7 May 1968) is a Chinese former diver who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Lan Wei	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Giovanni Parisi (December 2, 1967 -- March 25, 2009) was an Italian boxer, who won the gold medal in the Men's Featherweight (-- 57 kg) category at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.	Giovanni Parisi	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Albert Sala Moreno (born July 15, 1981 in Terrassa, Catalonia) is a field hockey player from Spain, who finished in fourth position with the Men's National Team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Albert Sala	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Erinn Smart (born January 12, 1980) is an American fencer who was a member of the United States Fencing Team at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where she competed in the women's individual and team foil events.	Erinn Smart	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Choi Yong-sin (born 21 May 1978) is a Korean former judoka who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Choi Yong-sin	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Donald McWatters (born 23 January 1941) is a former field hockey player from Australia, who won the bronze medal with the Men's National Team at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.	Donald McWatters	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Irina Sumnikova (born 15 October 1964 in Minsk, Belarusian SSR) is a Russian former basketball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics, in the 1992 Summer Olympics, in the 1996 Summer Olympics, and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Irina Sumnikova	1988 Summer Olympics	1992 Summer Olympics	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ferenc Bene (17 December 1944 -- 27 February 2006) was a Hungarian football (soccer) player of Újpesti Dózsa, who was a member of the team that won the gold medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.	Ferenc Bene	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Otakar Nožíř (March 12, 1917 in Ledeč nad Sázavou -- September 2, 2006 in Olomouc) was a Czech football midfielder who played for Czechoslovakia in the 1938 FIFA World Cup.	Otakar Nožíř	1938 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Hennadiy Horbenko (born 22 September 1975) is an Ukrainian former hurdler who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Hennadiy Horbenko	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kristina Vaculik (born July 9, 1992) is a Canadian artistic gymnast who represented Canada at the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Kristina Vaculik	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Anna-Lena Forster (born 15 June 1995) is a German para-alpine skier who competed at the 2014 Winter Paralympics, winning three medals.	Anna-Lena Forster	2014 Winter Paralympics
participant of	Petya Nedelcheva was one of the competitors in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Petya Nedelcheva	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Wolfgang Heimlich (born 1 March 1917, date of death unknown) was a German swimmer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Wolfgang Heimlich	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Anna Cohí Fornell (born 5 October 1988) is a visually impaired Spanish para-alpine Paralympic skier who competed at the 2006 Winter Paralympics and 2010 Winter Paralympics.	Anna Cohí	2010 Winter Paralympics
participant of	Veljko Bakašun (June 14, 1920 -- July 17, 2007) was a Croat water polo player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Veljko Bakašun	1948 Summer Olympics	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rosie Bonds Kreidler (born July 7, 1944) competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics for the United States in the Women's 80 metre hurdles.	Rosie Bonds	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kuldip Gosal (born 30 June 1946) is a Hong Kong and later Canadian former field hockey player who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Kuldip Gosal	1964 Summer Olympics	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hyun Hye-sung (born 7 October 1986), also spelled Hyeon Hye-seong, is a South Korean men's field hockey player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Hyun Hye-sung	2008 Summer Olympics	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Romolo Carpi (born March 17, 1900, date of death unknown) was an Italian tug of war competitor who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Romolo Carpi	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Klaus Weiß (November 20, 1944 -- June 2000) was an East German former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Klaus Weiß	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mihajlo Dimitrijević (May 27, 1927 -- November 2, 1995) was a Serbian high jumper who competed for SFR Yugoslavia in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Mihajlo Dimitrijević	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zsuzsanna Vörös (born 4 May 1977 in Székesfehérvár) is a retired Hungarian modern pentathlete who won a gold medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Zsuzsanna Vörös	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sabine Völker (born 11 May 1973 in Erfurt, East Germany) is a German former speed skater who won a gold medal in the women's team pursuit at the 2006 Winter Olympics, after winning three individual medals at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City.	Sabine Völker	2006 Winter Olympics	2002 Winter Olympics
participant of	Jean-Paul Martin-du-Gard (born 3 May 1927 in Paris) is a French former athlete who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.	Jean-Paul Martin-du-Gard	1952 Summer Olympics	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	Frano Vićan (born 24 January 1976 in Dubrovnik) is a Croatian water polo player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics, in the 2004 Summer Olympics, and in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Frano Vićan	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	José Robinson (born 14 February 1945 in Reynosa, Tamaulipas) is a Mexican former diver who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics, in the 1968 Summer Olympics, and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	José Robinson	1964 Summer Olympics	1968 Summer Olympics	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Guillermo Hayden Wright (February 12, 1872 -- 1949) was a Mexican polo player in the 1900 Summer Olympics.	Guillermo Hayden Wright	1900 Summer Olympics
participant of	Katia Zini (born June 23, 1981 in Sondalo, Italy) is an Italian short track speed skater who won bronze in the 3000m relay at the 2006 Winter Olympics.	Katia Zini	2006 Winter Olympics
participant of	Azize Tanrıkulu (born February 9, 1986 in Ankara, Turkey) is a Turkish taekwondo athlete, who competed in the Women's 57 kg class at the 2008 Summer Olympics held in Beijing, China and won the silver medal.	Azize Tanrıkulu	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Melanie Twitt (born 7 October 1977) is an Australian field hockey player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Melanie Twitt	2004 Summer Olympics	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Peter Clentzos (June 15, 1909 in Oakland, California -- September 11, 2006 in Rancho Mirage, California) was an American pole vaulter and the son of Greek immigrants who competed for Greece in the 1932 Summer Olympics.	Peter Clentzos	1932 Summer Olympics
participant of	Park Il-kap (Hangul: 박일갑, Hanja: 朴日甲; 21 March 1926 -- 11 September 1987) is a South Korean football forward who played for the South Korea in the 1954 FIFA World Cup.	Park Il-kap	1954 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Ruslan Olikhver (Russian: Руслан Олихвер, born 11 April 1969) is a Russian former volleyball player of Lithuanian origin who competed for the Unified Team in the 1992 Summer Olympics and for Russia in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Ruslan Olikhver	1992 Summer Olympics	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Tuo Tong (born 27 April 1984) is a Chinese fencer who competed in the team épée event at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Tuo Tong	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Felix Smeets (29 April 1904 -- 14 March 1961) was a Dutch footballer who earned 14 caps for the Dutch national side between 1927 and 1927, scoring 7 goals, and participated at the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Felix Smeets	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Margery Hinton (25 June 1915 -- February 1996) was an English breaststroke and freestyle swimmer who competed for Great Britain in the 1928 Summer Olympics, 1932 Summer Olympics, and 1936 Summer Olympics.	Margery Hinton	1928 Summer Olympics	1932 Summer Olympics	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Dennis Shepherd (11 October 1926 -- 12 June 2006) was a South African boxer who won the silver medal in the featherweight division at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.	Dennis Shepherd	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kurt Hornfischer (1 February 1910 in Gera -- 18 January 1958 in Nuremberg) was a German wrestler who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Kurt Hornfischer	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	LT United is a six-piece alternative-pop musical group created in 2006 for the sole purpose of representing Lithuania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2006.	LT United	Eurovision Song Contest 2006
participant of	Steve Moyers (born September 23, 1956 in St. Louis, Missouri) is a retired soccer forward from the United States, who was a member of the American squad that competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California.	Steve Moyers	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jim Gault (born 24 April 1954) is a wheelchair curler who competed for Great Britain at the 2014 Winter Paralympics after being called up as a replacement for Tom Killin who pulled out due to illness.	Jim Gault	2014 Winter Paralympics
participant of	Albert Corey (birth name Louis Albert Coray; born 1878, date of death unknown) was a French athlete who competed at the 1904 Summer Olympics held in St. Louis, Missouri, United States.	Albert Corey	1904 Summer Olympics
participant of	Eva Piñera Piñera (born July 1, 1974 in Gijón, Asturias) is a former backstroke swimmer from Spain, who competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia for her native country.	Eva Piñera	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Simone Cercato (born February 25, 1975 in Dolo) is a freestyle swimmer from Italy, who won the bronze medal in the men's 4×200 m freestyle event at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, alongside Emiliano Brembilla, Filippo Magnini, and Massimiliano Rosolino.	Simone Cercato	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Élodie Bertrand (born 9 January 1981) is a French sailor who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Elliott 6m class with Claire Leroy and Marie Riou coming 6th overall.	Élodie Bertrand	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Donna Ritchie (born 28 December 1963 in Manly, New South Wales is a wheelchair basketball player from Australia. She was part of the silver medal winning Australia women's national wheelchair basketball team at the 2000 Summer Paralympics.	Donna Ritchie	2000 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Christoph Kunz (born 24 March 1982) is an alpine skier who won a gold and a silver medal for Switzerland at the 2010 Winter Paralympics.	Christoph Kunz	2010 Winter Paralympics
participant of	María del Carmen Martín (born 1 September 1976) is a Spanish field hockey player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	María del Carmen Martín	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Josef Trousil (born 2 February 1935 in Městečko) is a Czech former sprinter who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics, in the 1960 Summer Olympics, and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Josef Trousil	1956 Summer Olympics	1960 Summer Olympics	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rie Shito (born 26 August 1973) is a Japanese former swimmer who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Rie Shito	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ulrich Lind (born 4 November 1942 in Heilbronn) is a German former sport shooter who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics, the 1984 Summer Olympics, and the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Ulrich Lind	1976 Summer Olympics	1984 Summer Olympics	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Adam Wheeler (born March 24, 1981) is an American wrestler, best known for his bronze medal performance at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Adam Wheeler	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Alena Kováčová (born 10 November 1978 in Poprad) is a Slovak former basketball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Alena Kováčová	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	F. Roques was a member of the silver medal winning French cricket team at the 1900 Summer Olympics, the only time that cricket has featured in the Olympics.	F. Roques	1900 Summer Olympics
participant of	Martina Zubčić (born June 3, 1989 in Zagreb) is a Croatian taekwondo athlete, who competed in the Women's 57 kg class at the 2008 Summer Olympics held in Beijing, China and won the bronze medal.	Martina Zubčić	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Christmastime is Here Again 1990 Silverbarn 1994: ``Stjärnorna'' (Roger Pontare & Marie Bergman) (13th in Eurovision Song Contest 1994) 1999:	Roger Pontare	Eurovision Song Contest 1994
participant of	Robert Gary (born April 5, 1973) is a retired American track and field athlete who competed in the 3,000 meter steeplechase at the 1996 Summer Olympics and 2004 Summer Olympics.	Robert Gary	1996 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Özge Akın qualified for participation in the 4x400 m relay event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Özge Akın	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Roswietha Zobelt (née Reichel, born November 24, 1954) is a German rower who competed for East Germany in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Roswietha Zobelt	1976 Summer Olympics	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mariné Russo (born January 9, 1980 in Quequén) is a retired field hockey player from Argentina who won the silver medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics and the bronze medal at the 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics with the national field hockey team.	Mariné Russo	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zhao Guisheng (born 1 January 1961) is a Chinese sport shooter who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Zhao Guisheng	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Søren Madsen (born 31 May 1976) is a Danish rower who won a bronze medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Søren Madsen	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Claudio Liverziani (born 4 March 1975) is an Italian baseball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics, in the 2000 Summer Olympics, and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Claudio Liverziani	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bekzat Sattarkhanov (Kazakh: Бекзат Саттарханов; April 4, 1980 in Turkistan -- December 31, 2000 in Shymkent) was a Kazakh boxer who competed in the men's featherweight division (57 kg) at the 2000 Summer Olympics and won the gold medal.	Bekzat Sattarkhanov	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Cha Jong-bok (born 29 January 1980) is a South Korean field hockey player who competed in the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.	Cha Jong-bok	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ioannis Thomakos (born 14 March 1977) is a Greek water polo player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics, in the 2004 Summer Olympics, and in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Ioannis Thomakos	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Arnold Alcolea Nuñez (born 25 April 1982) is a Cuban racing cyclist who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Arnold Alcolea	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zdeňka Honsová (3 July 1927 in Jihlava -- 16 May 1994) was a Czech gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Zdeňka Honsová	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Belinda Schmid (born 31 January 1981) is a Swiss former synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics.	Belinda Schmid	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Patricia Stokkers (born May 1, 1976 in Utrecht) is a former freestyle swimmer from the Netherlands, who competed for her native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Patricia Stokkers	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	André Leducq (pronounced: (ɑ̃.dʁe lə.dyk); 27 February 1904 -- 18 June 1980) was a French cyclist who won the 1930 and 1932 Tour de France.	André Leducq	Tour de France
participant of	Tsoanelo Pholo (born 13 December 1982 in Johannesburg) is a field hockey player from South Africa, who was a member of the national squad that finished 9th at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.	Tsoanelo Pholo	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	André Neury (3 September 1921 -- 9 May 2001) is a Swiss football defender who played for Switzerland in the 1950 and 1954 FIFA World Cup.	André Neury	1954 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Liang Yan (simplified Chinese: 梁艳, born October 4, 1961) is a Chinese volleyball player, who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Liang Yan	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	James Cater (died April 17, 1947) was a British boxer who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.	James Cater	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Edward Craig Klass (born June 20, 1965 in Wiesbaden, Hessen) is a former water polo player who won the silver medal for the United States at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.	Craig Klass	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Erin Gammel (born March 13, 1980) is a competition swimmer from Canada, who competed for her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Erin Gammel	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Craig Ward McLanahan (January 15, 1883 -- December 11, 1974) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics.	Ward McLanahan	1904 Summer Olympics
participant of	Karl Leban (27 November 1908 -- 28 July 1941) was an Austrian speed skater and modern pentathlete who competed in the 1936 Winter Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Karl Leban	1936 Winter Olympics	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	José Bernardo Piñango (born February 9, 1960 in Caracas) is a retired boxer from Venezuela, who won the silver medal in the Bantamweight division (-54 kg) at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.	Bernardo Piñango	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jure Franko ( listen ) (born 28 March 1962 in Nova Gorica) is a Slovenian former alpine skier, best known for winning a giant slalom silver medal at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.	Jure Franko	1984 Winter Olympics
participant of	László Mihályfi (born 21 September 1939 in Mezőkeresztes) is a Hungarian former sprinter who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.	László Mihályfi	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	George Parkman (February 19, 1790 -- November 23, 1849), a Boston Brahmin and a member of one of Boston's richest families, was a prominent physician, businessman, and philanthropist, as well the victim in the sensationally gruesome Parkman-- Webster murder case, which shook Boston in 1849--1850.	George Parkman	Parkman-- Webster murder case
participant of	One of the most popular athletes in Greece, Nikolaos Kaklamanakis is a three-time Mistral class windsurfing world champion and a gold medalist at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Sailing.	Nikolaos Kaklamanakis	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sally McDermid (born 6 June 1965 in Mytholmroyd, Yorkshire, England) is a former softball outfielder from Australia, who won a bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics and 2000 Summer Olympics.	Sally McDermid	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Konstantin Sats (born 28 April 1982) is a former Russian alpine skier who competed in the 2006 Winter Olympics.	Konstantin Sats	2006 Winter Olympics
participant of	Although little known outside of her native Colombia, Shakira was invited to perform at Chile's Viña del Mar International Song Festival in February 1993.	Shakira	Viña del Mar International Song Festival
participant of	Ferenc Hammang (born 20 May 1944) is a Hungarian fencer, who won a bronze medal in the team sabre competition at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow together with György Nébald, Rudolf Nébald, Imre Gedővári and Pál Gerevich.	Ferenc Hammang	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Alfred Goeldel-Bronikowen (born 12 March 1882, date of death unknown) was a German sports shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Alfred Goeldel	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lauren Campbell (née Groves, born September 2, 1981) is a triathlete from Canada, who won the bronze medal at the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, and competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.	Lauren Campbell	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Paula Harmokivi (born May 20, 1975 in Lahti) is a former freestyle swimmer from Finland, who competed for her native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Paula Harmokivi	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ma Yongfeng (born 28 November 1962) is a Chinese former shot putter who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Ma Yongfeng	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kaori Kusuda (née Kawakami, 楠田香穂里、旧姓川上、born 29 May 1974) is a Japanese former basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Kaori Kusuda	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	G. Van Den Burgh was an Indonesian football midfielder who played for the Dutch East Indies in the 1938 FIFA World Cup.	G. Van Den Burgh	1938 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Mihály Kozma (born 1 November 1949) was a Hungarian football midfielder, who played for Budapest Honvéd FC and Belgium's Waterschei He won a silver medal in football at the 1972 Summer Olympics, and also participated in UEFA Euro 1972 for the Hungary national football team.	Mihály Kozma	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Leonardo Salinas Saldaña (born 8 April 1980 in Monterrey, Nuevo León) is a Mexican swimmer who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Leonardo Salinas	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Samuel Balmer (born May 1, 1968) is a former Swiss professional ice hockey defenceman who last played for EHC Basel in Switzerland's National League A. Balmer has participated as a member of the Swiss national team in numerous international tournaments, including the 1992 Winter Olympics.	Samuel Balmer	1992 Winter Olympics
participant of	Prvoslav Ilić (January 25, 1952) is a Serbian former wrestler who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics where he won 5th place.	Prvoslav Ilić	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Elsemia Marianne Helene ``Els'' van Noorduyn (born 25 May 1946) is a retired Dutch shot putter who finished in eighth place at the 1968 Summer Olympics with a throw of 16.23 m. She runs her sports-related company Els van Noorduyn B.V.	Els van Noorduyn	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jürgen Hildebrand (born July 24, 1948) is an East German former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Jürgen Hildebrand	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Grzegorz Cziura (3 January 1952 in Knurów -- 17 July 2004 in Siemianowice Śląskie) was a Polish weightlifter who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Grzegorz Cziura	1972 Summer Olympics	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	He Jun (born 3 March 1969) is a Chinese former basketball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	He Jun	1992 Summer Olympics	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hwang Ok-sil (born 25 March 1972) is a North Korean short track speed skater, who won bronze in the 500 m at the 1992 Winter Olympics.	Hwang Ok-sil	1992 Winter Olympics
participant of	Frédéric Blackburn (born December 21, 1972, in Chicoutimi, Quebec) is a Canadian short track speed skater who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics and in the 1994 Winter Olympics.	Frédéric Blackburn	1992 Winter Olympics	1994 Winter Olympics
participant of	Mario Santibáñez (born 1 February 1950 in Mexico City) is a Mexican swimmer who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics.	Mario Santibáñez	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Simon Shirley (born 3 August 1966 in Nottingham, United Kingdom) is a retired decathlete who competed for Australia at the 1986 Commonwealth Games in Edinburgh, Scotland and the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea, and for England at the 1994 Commonwealth Games in Victoria, Canada.	Simon Shirley	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sophie Nogler (25 April 1924 -- 12 October 2015) was an Austrian alpine skier who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics.	Sophie Nogler	1948 Winter Olympics
participant of	Graham Boase (born 12 October 1941) is an Australian former triple jumper who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Graham Boase	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Robert Prentice (4 July 1917 -- June 1987) was an Australian long-distance runner who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Robert Prentice	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Denis Ségui Kragbé (10 April 1938 -- 4 July 1998) was an Ivorian shot putter and discus thrower who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.	Denis Ségui Kragbé	1964 Summer Olympics	1968 Summer Olympics
position held	Robert Ermon Shadoin, known principally as Rob Shadoin (born August 24, 1953), is a Republican current member of the Louisiana House of Representatives for District 12, which includes Lincoln and Union parishes in North Louisiana.	Rob Shadoin	member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
position held	Jeffrey Earl Habay (commonly known as Jeff Habay) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, who was elected to represent the 30th legislative district in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1994 at the age of 28.	Jeff Habay	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	Atal Bihari Vajpayee (born 25 December 1924) is an Indian statesman who was the 10th Prime Minister of India, first for 13 days in 1996 and then from 1998 to 2004.	Atal Bihari Vajpayee	Prime Minister of India
position held	Irene Bustamante Adams (born in 1968 in Hanford, California) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Nevada Assembly since February 7, 2011 representing District 42.	Irene Bustamante Adams	member of the Nevada Assembly
position held	Pierre de Gondi, cardinal de Retz (1533--1616) was a French bishop and cardinal of the Gondi family.	Pierre de Gondi	cardinal
position held	Carlo Emanuele Madruzzo (5 November 1599 -- 15 December 1658) was the prince-bishop of Trento from January 1629 until his death.	Carlo Emanuele Madruzzo	bishop
position held	Raul Khajimba (Abkhaz: Рауль Ҳаџьымба, Georgian: რაულ ჰაჯიმბა; born 21 March 1958) is the current de-facto President of Abkhazia, having been elected in 2014 after the May Revolution.	Raul Khajimba	President of Abkhazia
position held	Thomas Theodore Crittenden (January 1, 1832 -- May 29, 1909) was a United States colonel during the American Civil War, and a Democratic politician who served as the 24th Governor of Missouri from 1881 to 1885.	Thomas Theodore Crittenden	Governor of Missouri
position held	Louis-Édouard-François-Desiré Pie (26 September 1815 -- 18 May 1880), also referred to as Cardinal Pie, was a French Catholic bishop of Poitiers and cardinal, known for his ultramontanism and defence of the social reign of Christ the King.	Louis-Édouard-François-Desiré Pie	cardinal
position held	The Irish annals merely record that Cadla Ua Dubthaig, i.e. archbishop of Connachta, rested in Cunga Feíchín.	Cadla Ua Dubthaig	archbishop
position held	Robert Franklin Deuell, known as Bob Deuell (born 11 March 1950) is a physician from Greenville, Texas, who was a Republican member of the Texas Senate.	Bob Deuell	member of the Texas Senate
position held	Ennio Antonelli (born 18 November 1936) is an Italian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and retired President of the Pontifical Council for the Family.	Ennio Antonelli	cardinal	Pontifical Council for the Family
position held	Haim Landau (Hebrew: חיים לנדאו‎, 10 September 1916 -- 16 October 1981) was an Israeli independence fighter, Knesset member and Minister in the government of Menachem Begin.	Haim Landau	Knesset member
position held	Seth Padelford (October 3, 1807 -- August 26, 1878) was the 31st Governor of Rhode Island from 1869 to 1873.	Seth Padelford	Governor of Rhode Island
position held	Jan Heemskerk Abrahamszoon (Dutch pronunciation: (jɑn ˈɦeːmskɛrk ˈaːbraːɦɑmsˌsoːn); 30 July 1818 -- 9 October 1897) was a Dutch politician who served as Prime Minister of the Netherlands from 1874 to 1877, and again from 1883 to 1888.	Jan Heemskerk	Prime Minister of the Netherlands
position held	In 2001, at the request of Emma Bonino, former Humanitarian Aid Commissioner, François Zimeray went to Laos in order to defend and free a member of the European Parliament, as well as four other human rights defenders.	François Zimeray	member of the European Parliament
position held	Joseph Hitti or Joseph Habib Hitti (born 30 September 1925 in Aytou, Lebanon) is a Maronite eparch and former bishop of the Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Saint Maron of Sydney.	Joseph Hitti	bishop
position held	Philibert Tsiranana (18 October 1912 -- 16 April 1978) was a Malagasy politician and leader, who served as the first President of Madagascar from 1959 to 1972.	Philibert Tsiranana	President of Madagascar
position held	Kenneth S. George, known as Kenn George (born June 25, 1948), is a self-employed businessman in Dallas, Texas, who served from 1999-2003 as a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 108, which covers the heart of Dallas County.	Kenn George	member of the Texas House of Representatives
position held	Kunga Lotro Gyaltsen (Wylie: Kun dga' blo gros rgyal mts'an) (1299 - 1327) was a Tibetan Imperial Preceptor (Dishi) at the court of the Mongol Yuan dynasty.	Kunga Lotro Gyaltsen	Imperial Preceptor
position held	Marc Antoine René de Voyer, Marquis de Paulmy and 3rd Marquis d'Argenson (1757) (22 November 1722, Valenciennes -- 13 August 1787), was a French ambassador to Switzerland, Poland, Venice and to the Holy See; and later Minister of War.	Marc Antoine René de Voyer	ambassador	Minister of War
position held	Ahmed Arifi Pasha (1819 or 1830--1895/96) was a Grand Vizier of the Ottoman Empire in 1879.	Ahmed Arifi Pasha	Grand Vizier of the Ottoman Empire
position held	Ernesto Nathan (5 October 1848 - 9 April 1921) was an English-Italian Jewish politician, and mayor of Rome, Italy from November 1907 to December 1913.	Ernesto Nathan	mayor
position held	John W. Thomas (January 4, 1874 -- November 10, 1945) was an American politician, a United States Senator from Idaho.	John W. Thomas	United States Senator
position held	Carlos Hevia y de los Reyes-Gavilan (March 21, 1900 -- April 2, 1964) was the President of Cuba, serving for less than three days.	Carlos Hevia	President of Cuba
position held	Agostino Richelmy (29 November 1850 -- 10 August 1923) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Archbishop of Turin from 1897 until his death, and was elevated to the rank of cardinal in 1899.	Agostino Richelmy	cardinal
position held	Jesse David Sheffield, II, known as J. D. Sheffield (born August 13, 1960) is a physician and clinic medical director from Gatesville, Texas, who is a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives.	J. D. Sheffield	member of the Texas House of Representatives
position held	Richard M. Siddoway (born 1940) was a member of the Utah House of Representatives.	Richard M. Siddoway	member of the Utah House of Representatives
position held	Yolanda Barcina Angulo (4 April 1960 in Burgos) is a conservative Spanish politician who was the mayor of Pamplona, Navarre from 1999 to 2011, and elected the chairwoman of the Navarrese People's Union (UPN) in 2009.	Yolanda Barcina	mayor
position held	Claude-André Dormy (died 15 February 1599, Boulogne-Sur-Mer) was the first bishop of Boulogne.	Claude-André Dormy	bishop
position held	Teodolfo Mertel (9 February 1806 -- 11 July 1899) was a lawyer, deacon, and cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.	Teodolfo Mertel	cardinal
position held	Saint Cainnech of Aghaboe (515/16--600), also known as Saint Canice in Ireland, Saint Kenneth in Scotland, Saint Kenny and in Latin Saint Canicus, was an Irish abbot, monastic founder, priest and missionary during the early medieval period.	Cainnech of Aghaboe	abbot
position held	Krishan Kant (28 February 1927 -- 27 July 2002) was the tenth Vice President of India from 1997 until his death.	Krishan Kant	Vice President of India
position held	Adolfo Alejandro Nouel y Bobadilla (12 December 1862, Santo Domingo -- 26 June 1937), archbishop, educator and politician was the son of Don Carlos Nouel and Antonia Bobadilla and the first provisional president of the Dominican Republic from 30 November 1912 to 13 April 1913.	Adolfo Alejandro Nouel	archbishop
position held	Andreas Kopasis was the Ottoman-appointed Prince of Samos from 1908 to 1912.	Andreas Kopasis	Prince of Samos
position held	The prominent German Egyptologist Daniel Polz who rediscovered the tomb of the powerful 17th Dynasty king Nubkheperre Intef at Dra' Abu el-Naga' in 2001 also places Sekhemre-Heruhirmaat Intef as a short-lived successor of this influential pharaoh in a 2007 book just prior to the accession of Senakhtenre Ahmose.	Sekhemre-Heruhirmaat Intef	pharaoh
position held	Rilwanu Lukman (26 August 1938 -- 21 July 2014) was a Nigerian engineer who held several ministerial positions in the Nigerian Federal government before becoming Secretary General of OPEC (Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries) from 1 January 1995 to 31 December 2000.	Rilwanu Lukman	Secretary General of OPEC
position held	Iuput I (or Auput I) was an ancient Egyptian co-regent of pharaoh Pedubast I during the early 23rd Dynasty.	Iuput I	pharaoh
position held	William Branch Giles (August 12, 1762 -- December 4, 1830; the g is pronounced like a j) was an American statesman, long-term Senator from Virginia, and the 24th Governor of Virginia.	William Branch Giles	Governor of Virginia
position held	Cicero served as quaestor in western Sicily in 75 BC and demonstrated honesty and integrity in his dealings with the inhabitants.	Cicero	quaestor
position held	John Sidney Garrett (October 29, 1921 -- May 28, 2005) was a conservative Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives who served from 1948 to 1972 under four gubernatorial administrations.	John Sidney Garrett	member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
position held	The Blessed Benedict of Alignan (died 1268) was Benedictine abbot of Nôtre Dame de la Grasse (1224) and Bishop of Marseille (1229).	Benedict of Alignan	abbot
position held	Ralph Button (died 1680) was an English academic and clergyman, Gresham Professor of Geometry, canon of Christ Church, Oxford under the Commonwealth, and later a nonconformist schoolmaster.	Ralph Button	Gresham Professor of Geometry
position held	Justice Abdul Jabbar Khan (Urdu: عبدالجبار خان‎; l902-23 April 1984) was the 6th Speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan.	Abdul Jabbar Khan	Speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan
position held	Ralph B. Kohnen, Jr. (October 22, 1935 -- January 31, 2008) was a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives.	Ralph B. Kohnen	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	On 16 September 2007, the fifth anniversary of the cardinal's death, the Roman Catholic Church began the beatification process for Nguyễn Văn Thuận.	Nguyễn Văn Thuận	cardinal
position held	Saint Reticius (or Rheticus, Rheticius) (French: Saint Rhétice) (early 4th century) was a bishop of Autun, the first one known to history, according to the Catholic Encyclopedia.	Reticius	bishop
position held	Earl Buford Ellington (June 27, 1907 -- April 3, 1972) was an American politician who served as Governor of Tennessee from 1959 to 1963, and again from 1967 to 1971.	Buford Ellington	Governor of Tennessee
position held	Stephen Kakfwi (born November 7, 1950 in Fort Good Hope, Northwest Territories) is a Canadian politician and the ninth Premier of the Northwest Territories.	Stephen Kakfwi	Premier of the Northwest Territories
position held	Joseph Peter O'Connell (10 December 1931 -- 27 April 2013) was the Roman Catholic titular bishop of 'Sanctus Germanus' and auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Melbourne, Australia.	Joseph Peter O'Connell	bishop
position held	Rudolf of Zähringen (also Rudolph, Ralph or Raoul) (c. 1135 -- 5 August 1191) was the archbishop of Mainz from 1160 to 1161 and prince-bishop of Liège.	Rudolf of Zähringen	archbishop
position held	John C. Petersen (November 2, 1842 -- July 10, 1887) was an American butcher and farmer from Appleton, Wisconsin who served as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Outagamie County.	John C. Petersen	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Tony Tan Keng Yam (simplified Chinese: 陈庆炎; traditional Chinese: 陳慶炎; pinyin: Chén Qìngyán; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tân Khèng-iām; born 7 February 1940) is the seventh President of Singapore, in office since 2011.	Tony Tan	President of Singapore
position held	Carlos Julio Arosemena Monroy (24 August 1919 -- 5 March 2004) served as Vice President of Ecuador and due to the ousting of President José María Velasco Ibarra, became President of Ecuador from 7 November 1961 to 11 July 1963.	Carlos Julio Arosemena Monroy	President of Ecuador
position held	In October 2012 Trond Giskes long-time friend and Labour party colleague Rune Olsø was appointed CEO of Entra Eiendom a company wholly owned by the Ministry of Trade and Industry.	Trond Giske	Ministry of Trade and Industry
position held	Anastasius Germonius (also Anastase Germon) (1551 -- 4 August 1627) was an Italian Canon lawyer, diplomatist and archbishop of Tarantaise, who belonged to the family of the marquises of Ceve, in Piedmont, where he was born.	Anastasius Germonius	archbishop
position held	Charles Edmund Wilkinson (1807--1870) was an acting Governor of British Ceylon.	Charles Edmund Wilkinson	Governor of British Ceylon
position held	Negassie or Negasi Krestos was the ruling prince of Shewa (reigned c. 1682 - c. 1703), an important Amhara noble of Ethiopia.	Negasi Krestos	prince
position held	Luis Manuel Fernández de Portocarrero y de Guzman, (January 8, 1635, Palma del Río - September 14, 1709, Toledo, Spain) was a Spanish prelate, who was cardinal archbishop of Toledo.	Luis Manuel Fernández de Portocarrero	archbishop
position held	Saint Bretannio (also Bretanion, Bretannion, Vetranio, Vetranion) was a bishop of Tomi (today Constanţa, Romania) during the fourth century.	Bretannio	bishop
position held	Jakub Uchański (1502--81), of Radwan coat of arms, was an archbishop of Gniezno and primate of Poland from 1562 to 1581, interrex from 1572 to 1573 and from 1574 to 1575.	Jakub Uchański	archbishop
position held	Carl J. Peik (March 27, 1896 -- ??) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.	Carl J. Peik	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Djoser (also read as Djeser and Zoser) was an ancient Egyptian pharaoh of the 3rd dynasty during the Old Kingdom and the founder of this epoch.	Djoser	pharaoh
position held	Gaius Aquillius Florus was a consul of the Roman Republic in the year 259 BC. His colleague was Lucius Cornelius Scipio.	Gaius Aquillius Florus	consul of the Roman Republic
position held	Raffaele Rossi, OCD (28 October 1876 -- 17 September 1948), born Carlo Rossi, was an Italian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as the Secretary of the Sacred Consistorial Congregation in the Roman Curia from 1930 until his death.	Raffaele Rossi	cardinal
position held	David J. Valesky (b. circa 1966) is a member of the New York State Senate.	David J. Valesky	member of the New York State Senate
position held	Norman R. Klug (June 9, 1905 -- October 24, 1966) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and a president of the Miller Brewing Company.	Norman R. Klug	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Jarvis Tyner (born July 11, 1941) is an American activist and the current Executive Vice Chair of the Communist Party USA (CPUSA).	Jarvis Tyner	Communist Party USA
position held	Jens Okking is mostly known outside of Denmark from Lars von Triers TV-series The Kingdom, and was a member of the European Parliament 1999 - 2003, initially elected for the June Movement and he later changed affiliation to the People's Movement against the EU.	Jens Okking	member of the European Parliament
position held	Gabriele della Genga Sermattei (4 December 1801 -- 10 February 1861) was a Catholic Cardinal and Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals.	Gabriele della Genga Sermattei	Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals
position held	Luis Federico Franco Gómez (born 24 July 1962) is a Paraguayan politician who was President of Paraguay from June 2012 until August 2013.	Federico Franco	President of Paraguay
position held	Mark Rozzi (born April 30, 1971) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, serving since January 2, 2013.	Mark Rozzi	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	Stephen St. John (1735 -- May 9, 1785) was a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives from Norwalk in the sessions of May and October 1778, May and October 1780, May 1781, May and October 1782, May 1783, May and October 1784, and May 1785.	Stephen St. John	member of the Connecticut House of Representatives
position held	Domenico II Contarini (Venice, January 28, 1585 -- Venice, January 26, 1675) was the 104th Doge of Venice, reigning from his election on October 16, 1659 until his death.	Domenico II Contarini	Doge of Venice
position held	Timothy Pickering (July 17, 1745 -- January 29, 1829) was a politician from Massachusetts who served in a variety of roles, most notably as the third United States Secretary of State, serving in that office from 1795 to 1800 under Presidents George Washington and John Adams.	Timothy Pickering	United States Secretary of State
position held	Margaret Conditt is a Republican member of the Ohio House of Representatives, who has represented the 52nd District since her appointment in 2011.	Margaret Conditt	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Jacob Hahn was a cigar maker from Milwaukee, Wisconsin who served one term as a Socialist member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.	Jacob Hahn	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Saint Bernard degli Uberti (Italian: Bernardo degli Uberti) (died December 4, 1133) was an abbot of Vallombrosa, a bishop of Parma, papal legate, and a cardinal.	Bernard degli Uberti	abbot	cardinal
position held	Morris Iemma (/ˈjɛmə/; born 21 July 1961) is a former Australian politician who was the 40th Premier of New South Wales, serving from 3 August 2005 to 5 September 2008.	Morris Iemma	Premier of New South Wales
position held	Saint Justin of Chieti (Italian: San Giustino di Chieti) is venerated as an early bishop of Chieti, Italy.	Justin of Chieti	bishop
position held	Amy Tuck (born July 8, 1963) was the 30th Lieutenant Governor of Mississippi.	Amy Tuck	Lieutenant Governor of Mississippi
position held	Piergiorgio Bertoldi (born 26 July 1963 in Varese, Italy) is a Catholic archbishop and Apostolic Nuncio of the Holy See.	Piergiorgio Bertoldi	archbishop
position held	Lidanus was a Benedictine abbot credited with draining the Pontine Marshes, Italy, and for founding Sezze Abbey in the Papal States.	Lidanus	abbot
position held	After Tarragona was re-conquered from the Moors, on 8 March 1118 Olegarius was consecrated archbishop of Tarragona (remaining bishop of Barcelona) by Gelasius, who as a monk had lived at Saint-Ruf under Olegarius.	Olegarius	archbishop
position held	Bishop William Weathers (b. 12 November 1814 - d. 4 March 1895, Isleworth, Middlesex, England) was a Roman Catholic bishop of the Catholic Church in England and Wales as well the titular Bishop of Amyela.	William Weathers	bishop
position held	Thomas Bothwell Jeter (October 13, 1827 -- May 20, 1883) was the 79th Governor of South Carolina from September 1, 1880 to November 30, 1880.	Thomas Bothwell Jeter	Governor of South Carolina
position held	Manuel Pinto da Costa (born 5 August 1937) is a Santoméan economist and politician who served as the first President of São Tomé and Príncipe from 1975 to 1991.	Manuel Pinto da Costa	President of São Tomé and Príncipe
position held	Franco Coladipietro is currently the Village President in Bloomingdale, Illinois and previously served as a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives representing Illinois' 45th House District.	Franco Coladipietro	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
position held	Richard Schmitz (December 14, 1885 in Mohelnice, Moravia -- April 27, 1954 in Vienna) was the last Social-Christian mayor of Vienna, Austria.	Richard Schmitz	mayor
position held	Vilim Herman (born 19 January 1949) is a prominent Croatian university professor at the University of Osijek, attorney at law, politician and former representative in the Croatian Parliament.	Vilim Herman	representative in the Croatian Parliament
position held	Joseph Patrick Donahue (November 6, 1870 -- April 26, 1959) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of New York from 1944-1959.	Joseph Patrick Donahue	bishop
position held	Gabriele Albertini (born 6 July 1950 in Milan) is an Italian politician, who formerly served as Mayor of Milan and presently as a Member of the European Parliament for North-Western Italy.	Gabriele Albertini	Mayor of Milan
position held	John William Comber, M.M. (March 12, 1906 -- March 27, 1998) was an American-born Catholic missionary and bishop.	John William Comber	bishop
position held	Esioff-Léon Patenaude, PC, KC, often called E.L. Patenaude (February 12, 1875 -- February 7, 1963) was a Canadian politician and statesman who served as the 17th Lieutenant Governor of Quebec.	Esioff-Léon Patenaude	Lieutenant Governor of Quebec
position held	Luis Alberto Lacalle de Herrera, GCMG, (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈlwis alˈβerto laˈkaʎe ðe eˈreɾa), known as Cuqui (born July 13, 1941) is a Uruguayan lawyer and politician who served as President of Uruguay from 1990 to 1995.	Luis Alberto Lacalle	President of Uruguay
position held	Antoine Godeau (24 September 1605, Dreux -- 21 April 1672, Vence) was a French bishop, poet and exegete.	Antoine Godeau	bishop
position held	W. Louis Coppersmith (June 19, 1928 -- January 15, 1989) is a former member of the Pennsylvania State Senate, serving from 1969 to 1980.	Louis Coppersmith	member of the Pennsylvania State Senate
position held	Dr. Thokchom Meinya (born 12 October 1945) is a member of the Lok Sabha who is currently serving his second consecutive term.	Thokchom Meinya	member of the Lok Sabha
position held	Saint Audomar (died c. 670), better known as Saint Omer, was a Burgundy-born bishop of Thérouanne, after whom nearby Saint-Omer in northern France was named.	Audomar	bishop
position held	Alemanno Adimari (1362 -- 17 September 1422) was an Italian Catholic cardinal and archbishop.	Alemanno Adimari	archbishop
position held	Larry Howes (born June 30, 1947) is a Minnesota politician and former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives representing District 4B, which includes portions of Cass, Crow Wing and Hubbard counties in the northern part of the state.	Larry Howes	member of the Minnesota House of Representatives
position held	Tan Singh (born 25 January 1924) was an Indian politician and a member of the Lok Sabha twice.	Tan Singh	member of the Lok Sabha
position held	Andres Tarand (born 11 January 1940) is an Estonian politician who served as the Prime Minister of Estonia from 1994 to 1995.	Andres Tarand	Prime Minister of Estonia
position held	Oscar Cantoni is the current bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Crema since 25 January 2005.	Oscar Cantoni	bishop
position held	Patrick Joseph McCormick (December 10, 1880 -- May 18, 1953) was the titular bishop of Atenia and auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Washington.	Patrick Joseph McCormick	bishop
position held	Marike de Klerk (17 November 1937 -- 4 December 2001) was the First Lady of South Africa, as the wife of State President Frederik Willem de Klerk, from 1989 to 1994.	Marike de Klerk	First Lady of South Africa
position held	Nathaniel Pitcher (November 30, 1777 -- May 25, 1836) was an American lawyer and politician who served as the eighth Governor of New York from February 11 to December 31, 1828.	Nathaniel Pitcher	Governor of New York
position held	Prince Sisowath Monireth (Khmer: ស៊ីសុវត្ថិ មុន្នីរ៉េត; November 25, 1909 -- September 1975) was Prime Minister of Cambodia, during the French Protectorate Period, from October 17, 1945 to December 15, 1946.	Sisowath Monireth	Prime Minister of Cambodia
position held	Eurycratides (Greek: Εὐρυκρατίδης, ``wide ruler'') was the thirteenth king of Sparta from the Agiad dynasty.	Eurycratides	king of Sparta
position held	Amenirdis I (throne name: Hatneferumut) was a God's Wife of Amun during the 25th Dynasty of ancient Egypt.	Amenirdis I	God's Wife of Amun
position held	Toivo Mikael Kivimäki (5 June 1886 -- 6 May 1968), J.D., was head of the department of civil law at Helsinki University 1931--1956, Prime Minister of Finland 1932--1936, and Finland's ambassador to Berlin 1940--1944.	Toivo Mikael Kivimäki	Prime Minister of Finland
position held	Joseph Victor Adamec (born August 13, 1935) is a retired American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as bishop of the Diocese of Altoona-Johnstown, Pennsylvania from 1987 to 2011.	Joseph Victor Adamec	bishop
position held	In the 1990s Modern Age, Aquaman's character became more serious than in most previous interpretations, with storylines depicting the weight of his role as king of Atlantis.	Aquaman	king
position held	Israel Rokach, Honorary CBE (Hebrew: ישראל רוקח‎; December 31, 1886 -- September 13, 1959) was an Israeli politician, Knesset member, and mayor of Tel Aviv from November 15, 1936 to April 13, 1953.	Israel Rokach	Knesset member
position held	Augustus Garrett (1801 -- November 30, 1848) twice served as Mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1843--1844, 1845--1846) for the Democratic Party.	Augustus Garrett	Mayor of Chicago
position held	Helias of Cologne, Irish abbot and musician, died 1040.	Helias of Cologne	abbot
position held	Louis-Marie-Edmond Blanquart de Bailleul (1795, Calais - 1868) was a French Roman Catholic bishop.	Louis-Marie-Edmond Blanquart de Bailleul	bishop
position held	Gérard Roussel (1500--50) was a French cleric, a student of Jacques Lefèvre d'Étaples and later a member, with his former teacher, of the Circle of Meaux around Guillaume Briçonnet, bishop of Meaux.	Gérard Roussel	bishop
position held	Orette Bruce Golding (born 5 December 1947) is a former Jamaican politician who served as eighth Prime Minister of Jamaica from 11 September 2007 to 23 October 2011.	Bruce Golding	Prime Minister of Jamaica
position held	Ronald G. Parys (October 7, 1938 -- September 16, 2007) was an American politician who was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.	Ronald G. Parys	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Monsignor Juan José Gerardi Conedera (27 December 1922 -- 26 April 1998) was a Guatemalan Roman Catholic bishop and human rights defender who was long active in working with the indigenous Mayan peoples of the country.	Juan José Gerardi Conedera	bishop
position held	Patricia Smith, Viscountess Hambleden GCVO (12 November 1904 -- 19 March 1994) was a Lady of the Bedchamber to Queen Elizabeth (later the Queen Mother) from 1937--94.	Patricia Smith, Viscountess Hambleden	Lady of the Bedchamber
position held	In Greek mythology Sisyphus (/ˈsɪsᵻfəs/; Greek: Σίσυφος, Sísuphos) was the king of Ephyra (now known as Corinth).	Sisyphus	king
position held	Catherine Carey, after her marriage Catherine Knollys and later Lady Knollys, pronounced ``NOL-les'' (c. 1524 -- 15 January 1569), was chief Lady of the Bedchamber to Queen Elizabeth I, who was her first cousin.	Catherine Carey	Lady of the Bedchamber
position held	Amatus of Nusco, in Italian Amato di Nusco (c. 1003--1093) was the first bishop of Nusco in Irpinia, southern Italy.	Amatus of Nusco	bishop
position held	He was the metropolitan bishop of Gjirokastër (1937--1941) and a member of the exiled Northern Epirus lobby after the end of World War II. Panteleimon Kotokos was born in Korçë, in the Manastir Vilayet of the Ottoman Empire (present-day southern Albania) (Northern Epirus) at 1860.	Panteleimon Kotokos	metropolitan bishop
position held	William Edwin Franklin (born May 3, 1930) is a bishop of the Catholic Church in the United States.	William Edwin Franklin	bishop
position held	Anson Jones (January 20, 1798 -- January 9, 1858) was a doctor, businessperson, member of Congress, and the fourth and last President of the Republic of Texas, sometimes called the ``Architect of Annexation''.	Anson Jones	President of the Republic of Texas
position held	Elson Bakili Muluzi (born March 17, 1943 in Machinga, Nyasaland) is a Malawian politician who was the first freely elected President of Malawi from 1994 to 2004.	Bakili Muluzi	President of Malawi
position held	Rafael Guízar y Valencia (April 26, 1878 -- June 6, 1938) was a Mexican Catholic bishop who cared for the wounded, sick, and dying during the Mexican Revolution.	Rafael Guízar y Valencia	bishop
position held	John Lyde Wilson (May 24, 1784 -- February 12, 1849) was the 49th Governor of South Carolina from 1822 to 1824 and an ardent supporter of dueling.	John Lyde Wilson	Governor of South Carolina
position held	Ernest James Stevens (1845--1922) was a Member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly and a Member of the Queensland Legislative Council.	Ernest James Stevens	Member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly
position held	Francisco Solano López (24 July 1827 -- 1 March 1870) was President of Paraguay from 1862 until his death in 1870.	Francisco Solano López	President of Paraguay
position played on team / speciality	Lachezar Baltanov (Bulgarian: Лъчезар Балтанов; born 11 July 1988) is a Bulgarian footballer, who currently plays as a midfielder for Botev Plovdiv.	Lachezar Baltanov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Djamel Tlemçani, (born April 16, 1955 in Médéa) is a former Algerian international football player who played as a midfielder for several French and Swiss clubs.	Djamel Tlemçani	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Michael Kolarz (born 12 January 1987) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman currently with HC České Budějovice in the Czech Extraliga.	Michael Kolarz	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Leonardo Araya (born 15 February 1982) is a former footballer who played as a defender.	Leonardo Araya	defender
position played on team / speciality	Andreas Ottl (German pronunciation: (anˈdʁeːas ˈɔtl̩); born 1 March 1985 in Munich, Bavaria) is a German footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder.	Andreas Ottl	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Goran Šušnjara (born 29 May 1958 in Split, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Croatian former midfielder who played for Hajduk Split.	Goran Šušnjara	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Irakli Maisuradze (born 22 August 1988) is a Georgian international footballer who plays as a midfielder for Cypriot First Division club Anorthosis Famagusta.	Irakli Maisuradze	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Diederik Bangma (born 22 May 1990) is a Dutch football goalkeeper who currently play for amateur club Woonwagen Kamp Emmen.	Diederik Bangma	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Emanuel Oletu or Emmanuel Oletu (born 8 December 1983) is a Nigerian football defender playing with Austrian side SC Hainfeld.	Emanuel Oletu	defender
position played on team / speciality	Aleksandar Kraev (Bulgarian: Александър Краев) (born 7 January 1991 in Varna) is a Bulgarian football player, currently playing for Cherno More Varna as a goalkeeper.	Aleksandar Kraev	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Tommy Hamilton (born 1935 in Bray) is a former Irish football player who played as a forward.	Tommy Hamilton	forward
position played on team / speciality	Dražen Ladić (Croatian pronunciation: (drǎʒen lǎːdit͡ɕ); born 1 January 1963) is a former Croatian football goalkeeper.	Dražen Ladić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Leon Goretzka (German pronunciation: (ˈlɛ.ɔn ˈɡor.ʀɛts.kaː); born 6 February 1995) is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Schalke 04.	Leon Goretzka	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alex Lindén was a Swedish footballer who played as a midfielder.	Alex Lindén	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Roberto Trotta (born 28 January 1969 in Pigüé) is an Argentine football manager and former defender.	Roberto Trotta	defender
position played on team / speciality	George Bratley (17 January 1909 - 1978) was an English footballer Bratley was a central defender who signed for Rotherham United in 1929, before briefly moving to Sheffield Wednesday before returning to Rotherham in 1934.	George Bratley	defender
position played on team / speciality	Frank Lord (13 March 1936 -- June 2005) was an English footballer who played as a centre forward.	Frank Lord	forward
position played on team / speciality	Michal Dian (born 13 November 1981) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for the Slovak Corgoň Liga club FK DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda, on loan from Spartak Myjava.	Michal Dian	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Per Johan Sebastian Rajalakso (born 23 September 1988) is a Swedish footballer of Finnish descent who plays for GIF Sundsvall as a midfielder.	Sebastian Rajalakso	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Luka Merdović (Cyrillic: Лукa Mepдoвић, born 14 March 1989) is a Montenegrin football forward who plays for FK Metalac.	Luka Merdović	forward
position played on team / speciality	Nicolas Gillet (born 11 August 1976 in Brétigny-sur-Orge, Essonne) is a French footballer defender.	Nicolas Gillet	defender
position played on team / speciality	Anastasios Bakasetas (Greek: Τάσος Μπακασέτας; born 28 June 1993) is a Greek footballer, who currently plays for Superleague Greece club Panionios as a forward.	Anastasios Bakasetas	forward
position played on team / speciality	Deniss Kačanovs (born 27 November 1979) is a Latvian football defender, currently working as the playing-coach for FK Daugava Rīga in the Latvian Higher League.	Deniss Kačanovs	defender
position played on team / speciality	Charlie O'Loughlin (born 17 March 1989), is an English former football defender.	Charlie O'Loughlin	defender
position played on team / speciality	Patrik Hrošovský (born 22 April 1992) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for Viktoria Plzeň and Slovakia national football team.	Patrik Hrošovský	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Zlatko Runje (born in Sinj, 9 December 1979) is a Croatian goalkeeper who plays for NK Solin.	Zlatko Runje	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Matteo Lanzoni (born 18 July 1988) is an Italian professional footballer who most recently played for Cambridge United as a defender.	Matteo Lanzoni	defender
position played on team / speciality	Roman Bolbocian (born 13 May 1987) is a Moldovan/Greek footballer who currently plays for Fokikos as a midfielder.	Roman Bolbocian	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mario Abboud (born 1 August 1981 in Beirut) is a Lebanese professional basketball center currently playing with Sporting Al Riyadi Beirut of the Lebanese Basketball League.	Mario Abboud	center
position played on team / speciality	Chérif Ousmane Sarr (born August 2, 1986 in Fatick, Senegal) is a midfielder who most recently played for Danish 1st Division side Viborg FF.	Chérif Ousmane Sarr	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Manlio Bacigalupo (5 September 1908 -- 1977) was an Italian association football goalkeeper and manager from Vado Ligure, Savona.	Manlio Bacigalupo	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jazmyne Avant (born January 30, 1990) is an American soccer defender who last played for the Houston Dash of the National Women's Soccer League (NWSL).	Jazmyne Avant	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jumadi Abdi (14 March 1983 -- 15 March 2009) was an Indonesian football player who played as midfielder.	Jumadi Abdi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ciarán Toner (born 30 June 1981 in Craigavon) is a Northern Irish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Conference North side Gainsborough Trinity.	Ciarán Toner	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Vitālijs Maksimenko (born 8 December 1990) is a Latvian professional football defender, who plays for SV Mattersburg in the Austrian Bundesliga.	Vitālijs Maksimenko	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dennis Alexander (1935--2011) was an English footballer who played as an inside forward.	Dennis Alexander	forward
position played on team / speciality	Mario César Rodríguez Madrid (born on July 31, 1975) is a retired Honduran football midfielder.	Mario César Rodríguez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Aung Myint Tun (Burmese: အောင်မြင့်ထွန်း; born 3 May 1990) is a footballer from Burma, and a midfielder for the Myanmar national football team.	Aung Myint Tun	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Anu Lama is a Nepalese women's footballer who currently is the captain for the Nepal women's national football team and a forward for APF Club.	Anu Lama	forward
position played on team / speciality	Guillem Martí Misut (Spanish pronunciation: (ɡiˈʎen); born 5 September 1985 in Es Mercadal, Balearic Islands), known simply as Guillem, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Guadalajara as a forward.	Guillem Martí Misut	forward
position played on team / speciality	Daniel Ryan Maxwell (born 16 June 1983) is a footballer, former professional, who plays as a midfielder for Heybridge Swifts.	Ryan Maxwell	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Varazdat Haroyan (Armenian: Վարազդատ Հարոյան, born on 24 August 1992) is an Armenian footballer who plays as a central defender for the Armenian national team and for Armenian club Pyunik Yerevan.	Varazdat Haroyan	defender
position played on team / speciality	Lewis Toshney (born 26 April 1992) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a defender for Raith Rovers.	Lewis Toshney	defender
position played on team / speciality	Aleš Mertelj (born 22 March 1987 in Kranj) is a Slovenian footballer who is a midfielder of club Maribor in the Slovenian PrvaLiga.	Aleš Mertelj	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Daniel Bragg (born 3 August 1992 in Sydney, Australia) is an Australian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for the Manly United.	Daniel Bragg	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Francis Lastic (born 3 February 1972) is an international football player from Saint Lucia, who plays as a defender, and coach currently working as a manager for Saint Lucia.	Francis Lastic	defender
position played on team / speciality	Thierry Mouyouma (born 27 September 1975) is a Gabonese former football defender and current manager.	Thierry Mouyouma	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mauro Bonomi (Cremona, 23 August 1972) is a former Italian footballer who played as a defender.	Mauro Bonomi	defender
position played on team / speciality	On February 24, 2008, Keith Carney played in his 1,000th NHL game, becoming only the 29th American (14th active defenceman at the time, and since the conclusion of the 2007/2008 NHL season) to accomplish this honor.	Keith Carney	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	João Marcos Quintanilha Pires Fernandes (born 22 August 1991) is a Brazilian professional footballer who played as a midfielder for Dutch club Fortuna Sittard in the 2010/11 season.	João Marcos Quintanilha	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jimmy Tau (born 23 July 1980 in Kimberley, Northern Cape) is a retired South African football (soccer) defender who last played for Kaizer Chiefs in the Premier Soccer League.	Jimmy Tau	defender
position played on team / speciality	Amer Gojak (born 13 February 1997) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Croatian club GNK Dinamo Zagreb and Bosnia and Herzegovina national under-21 team and is considered one the biggest football talents in post-war Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Amer Gojak	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	João Carlos Sacramento Ramos (born 12 May 1986), known as Jony Ramos or simply Jony, is a São Tomé and Príncipe international footballer who plays for French club Lusitanos Saint-Maur as a forward.	Jony Ramos	forward
position played on team / speciality	Igor Țîgîrlaș (born 24 February 1984) is a Moldovan football midfielder who plays for the Moldovan National Division club Zaria Bălți.	Igor Țîgîrlaș	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ivan Ordets (Ukrainian: Іван Миколайович Ордець, born 8 July 1992 in Volnovakha, Donetsk Oblast, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Shakhtar Donetsk in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Ivan Ordets	defender
position played on team / speciality	William Roger Clemens (born August 4, 1962), nicknamed ``Rocket'', is a retired American baseball pitcher who played 24 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) for four teams.	Roger Clemens	pitcher
position played on team / speciality	Usman Amodu (born December 16, 1990) is a Nigerian footballer who recently played as defender for Llaneros F.C. in Colombia.	Usman Amodu	defender
position played on team / speciality	Vaso Vasic is a Serbian-Swiss footballer who plays for Grasshoppers in the Swiss Super League as a goalkeeper.	Vaso Vasic	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Igor Soloshenko (Russian: Игорь Солошенко; born 22 May 1979) is a retired Kazakh football defender.	Igor Soloshenko	defender
position played on team / speciality	Tom Brighton (born 28 March 1984) is a Scottish professional association footballer who plays at centre forward.	Tom Brighton	forward
position played on team / speciality	Darko Marić (born 2 September 1975 in Belgrade) is a retired Serbian football player who last played as a forward for FC Braşov.	Darko Marić	forward
position played on team / speciality	Shandor Vayda (Ukrainian: Шандор Олександрович Вайда; born 14 December 1991 in Mátészalka, Hungary) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who currently plays for Balmazújvárosi FC.	Shandor Vayda	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Oscar Passet (born 12 October 1965) is a former Argentine footballer was a goalkeeper.	Oscar Passet	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Alcides Fonseca Júnior, best known as Juninho Fonseca or just Juninho (born in Olímpia, São Paulo State, August 29, 1958) is a former football (soccer) player in central defender role.	Juninho Fonseca	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alessio Scarpi (born 19 April 1973 in Jesolo) is an Italian football goalkeeper.	Alessio Scarpi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Luigi Turci (born 27 January 1970, in Cremona) is a former Italian football goalkeeper.	Luigi Turci	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Asier Arranz Martín (born 28 March 1987), known simply as Asier, is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Palencia Balompié as a left midfielder.	Asier Arranz Martín	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ivan Ondruška (born 12 September 1967) is a former Slovak football goalkeeper who recently played for the Slovak 2.	Ivan Ondruška	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mário de Castro (30 June 1905 -- 29 April 1998) was a Brazilian footballer who played as forward.	Mário de Castro	forward
position played on team / speciality	Lounis Matem (1941--5 November 2013) was an Algerian footballer, who primarily played as a midfielder or a forward.	Lounis Matem	forward
position played on team / speciality	József Moravetz or Iosif Moravet' (14 January 1911 -- 16 February 1990) was a Romanian footballer who played as a midfielder.	József Moravetz	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rauno Sappinen (born 23 January 1996) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Estonian Meistriliiga club Flora and the Estonia national football team.	Rauno Sappinen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Quentin de Parseval (born September 21, 1987 in Orléans, France) is a defender currently playing for French Championnat National club SC Amiens.	Quentin de Parseval	defender
position played on team / speciality	Yannick Bangala Litombo (born 12 April 1994) is a Congolese professional footballer who plays as a defender.	Yannick Bangala Litombo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Lukáš Greššák (born 23 January 1989) is a Slovak footballer who plays for Spartak Trnava as a defender or a defensive midfielder.	Lukáš Greššák	defender
position played on team / speciality	Milan Arnejčič (born 18 October 1942) is a former Slovenian football forward.	Milan Arnejčič	forward
position played on team / speciality	Farshad Ahmadzadeh (Persian: فرشاد احمدزاده‎‎) is an Iranian football midfielder who currently plays for Persepolis in the Persian Gulf Pro League.	Farshad Ahmadzadeh	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marcelo Grohe (born 13 January 1987) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Grêmio and the Brazil national football team.	Marcelo Grohe	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Amir Edri (Hebrew: אמיר אדרי), (born July 26, 1985) is an Israeli goalkeeper.	Amir Edri	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Reinier Kreijermaat (born 25 April 1935 in Utrecht) is a retired Dutch footballer who was active as a midfielder in the 1960s.	Reinier Kreijermaat	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kuami Agboh (born 28 December 1977 in Tsévié, Togo) is a Togolese football defender/midfielder who last played for MyPa.	Kuami Agboh	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Cecilia Salvai (born 2 December 1993 in Pinerolo) is an Italian football defender currently playing for Bardolino Verona in Serie A. As a junior international she played the 2011 U-19 European Championship.	Cecilia Salvai	defender
position played on team / speciality	Eleftherios Poupakis (Greek: Λευτέρης Πουπάκης; born 28 February 1946) is a retired Greek footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Eleftherios Poupakis	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Baldur Þór Bjarnason (born 3 July 1969) is an Icelandic former footballer who played as a forward.	Baldur Þór Bjarnason	forward
position played on team / speciality	Christopher Meneses Barrantes (born May 2, 1990) is a Costa Rican professional defender who currently plays for Liga Deportiva Alajuelense.	Christopher Meneses	defender
position played on team / speciality	Waidi Akanni, also known as Waheed Akanni, (born June 20, 1968) is a former Nigerian football defender and former head of the Lagos State Football Association.	Waidi Akanni	defender
position played on team / speciality	Oskitz Estefanía Gil (born 12 October 1986 in Pasaia, Gipuzkoa), known simply as Oskitz, is a Spanish footballer who plays as a forward.	Oskitz Estefanía	forward
position played on team / speciality	Nick Sakiewicz (born January 14, 1961) is a sports and entertainment executive and former professional soccer goalkeeper.	Nick Sakiewicz	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Harry Thorpe (1880--16 September 1908 ) was a footballer who played as a defender in the Football League and Southern Football League in the 1900s.	Harry Thorpe	defender
position played on team / speciality	Lassana Camará (born 29 December 1991), commonly known as Saná, is a Bissau-Guinean footballer who plays for Académico de Viseu FC as a central midfielder.	Lassana Camará	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Oleksandr Zhdanov (born 27 May 1984 in Kharkiv, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian-Israeli football defender who is currently play for Hapoel Beit She'an.	Oleksandr Zhdanov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Faraz Emamali (Persian: فراز امام‌علی‎‎) is an Iranian football forward who currently plays for Iranian football club Paykan in the Iran Pro League.	Faraz Emamali	forward
position played on team / speciality	Tiffany Cameron (born October 16, 1991) is a Canadian soccer forward who currently plays for TSG 1899 Hoffenheim in the German Bundesliga.	Tiffany Cameron	forward
position played on team / speciality	Juergen Penker (born October 17, 1982) is an Austrian ice hockey goaltender who participated at the 2011 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Austria men's national ice hockey team.	Juergen Penker	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Edilson Tavares dos Santos or simply Edilson (born March 25, 1993 in Petrópolis), is a Brazilian football Attacking midfielder.	Edilson Tavares dos Santos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	David C. Brown was an English professional footballer who played as a centre forward for Burnley.	David C. Brown	forward
position played on team / speciality	Walter Bustamante is a retired American soccer midfielder who played professionally in the USISL.	Walter Bustamante	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Luís Boa Morte Pereira (Portuguese pronunciation: (luˈiʃ ˈboɐ ˈmɔɾt(ɨ)); born 4 August 1977) is a Portuguese professional football coach and a former player who played as an attacking winger, forward and centre midfielder.	Luís Boa Morte	forward
position played on team / speciality	Guillaume Desbiens (born April 20, 1985 in Alma, Quebec) is a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger who currently plays with HDD Olimpija Ljubljana of the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).	Guillaume Desbiens	winger
position played on team / speciality	Borislav Karamatev (Bulgarian Cyrillic: Борислав Караматев; born 6 February 1984) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for Asenovets as a midfielder.	Borislav Karamatev	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Çağdaş Atan (Turkish pronunciation: (ˈtʃaːdaʃ ˈatan); born 29 February 1980) is a Turkish retired footballer who plays as a central defender	Çağdaş Atan	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mark Mettrick (born 3 October 1964) is an English-American former soccer who played four seasons as a midfielder in the Major Indoor Soccer League and three in the USISL.	Mark Mettrick	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tibor Fábián (26 July 1946 -- 6 June 2006) was a Hungarian football defender, who played for Vasas SC.	Tibor Fábián	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jennifer Egelryd (born 25 July 1990) is a Swedish football forward who currently plays in the Damallsvenskan for AIK.	Jennifer Egelryd	forward
position played on team / speciality	Yisela Cuesta (born 27 September 1991) is a Colombian international footballer who currently plays as a forward.	Yisela Cuesta	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ray Kenny (born 11 December 1973 in Dún Laoghaire, Ireland) is an Irish football defender, currently playing for Arklow Town in the Leinster Senior League.	Ray Kenny	defender
position played on team / speciality	Elkin Soto Jaramillo (born 4 August 1980 in Manizales, Caldas Department) is a Colombian midfielder currently playing for 1.	Elkin Soto	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Krasimir Kostov (Bulgarian: Красимир Костов; born 11 February 1995) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing as a goalkeeper for Pirin Blagoevgrad.	Krasimir Kostov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Kamel Chafni (Arabic: كمال الشافني, born 11 June 1982 in Bordeaux) is a Moroccan midfielder currently playing for Wydad since July 2014.	Kamel Chafni	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sipho Mngomezulu (born October 10, 1982) is a South African football (soccer) defender for Premier Soccer League club Bidvest Wits.	Sipho Mngomezulu	defender
position played on team / speciality	Đorđe Svetličić (Serbian Cyrillic: Ђорђе Светличић; born 5 January 1974) is a retired Serbian international footballer who played as a defender.	Đorđe Svetličić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Antonio Rodríguez Martínez (born 17 December 1979), known as Toño (Spanish pronunciation: ('toɲo)), is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Rayo Vallecano as a goalkeeper.	Antonio Rodríguez Martínez	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Stefan Uchikov (Bulgarian: Стефан Учиков; born on 22 January 1976) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Spartak Plovdiv.	Stefan Uchikov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Christian Flindt Bjerg is a Danish former football midfielder.	Christian Flindt Bjerg	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Talgat Sabalakov (Kazakh: Талғат Сабалақов) is a Kazakhstani midfielder.	Talgat Sabalakov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Oleksiy Hodin (born 2 February 1983 in Zaporizhya) is a Ukrainian midfielder, he is currently playing for Metalurh Zaporizhya in Ukrainian Premier League.	Oleksiy Hodin	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Les Stopford is a footballer who played as an inside forward in the Football League for Chester City.	Les Stopford	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Euciodálcio Gomes (born 22 May 1996), known as Dálcio, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a forward for Benfica B.	Dálcio	forward
position played on team / speciality	Wilson Daniel Quiñonez (born 4 September 1988), known as Wilson Quiñonez, is a Paraguayan professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Sportivo San Lorenzo in the Paraguayan Primera División.	Wilson Quiñonez	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Marlon Santos da Silva Barbosa (born 7 September 1995), simply known as Marlon, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a central defender for Fluminense.	Marlon Santos	defender
position played on team / speciality	Iuliu Oprea (born 2 July 1995 in Ploiești) is a Romanian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Liga I club Petrolul Ploiești.	Iuliu Oprea	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Glenn Johannesen (born February 15, 1962, in Lac La Ronge, Saskatchewan and raised in North Battleford, Saskatchewan) is a retired professional ice hockey left winger.	Glenn Johannesen	winger
position played on team / speciality	Geraldine Heaney (born October 1, 1967) is an Irish-Canadian ice hockey coach and former defenceman.	Geraldine Heaney	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Nenad Srećković (Serbian Cyrillic: Ненад Срећковић; born April 11, 1988 in Gornji Milanovac) is a Serbian football midfielder, who for Kolubara in the Serbian First League.	Nenad Srećković	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Igor Zonjić (Serbian Cyrillic: Игор Зоњић; born 16 October 1991) is a Serbian-born Montenegrin international footballer who plays as a defender for Serbian First League club Napredak Kruševac.	Igor Zonjić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Khalid Ajab (Arabic: خالد عجب‎, born 28 July 1986) is a Kuwaiti footballer who is a forward for the Kuwaiti Premier League club Al Kuwait.	Khalid Ajab	forward
position played on team / speciality	Quinton Fortune (born 21 May 1977) is a South African former footballer who was able to play both as a midfielder and as a defender.	Quinton Fortune	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Brittany Klein (born October 29, 1986, in Arcadia, California) is an American soccer midfielder who is without a club.	Brittany Klein	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Oscar Albuquerque (born September 4, 1954 in Lima, Peru) is a former Canadian soccer midfielder.	Oscar Albuquerque	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Radoslav Batak (Serbian Cyrillic: Радослав Батак; born 15 August 1977) is a Serbian-born Montenegrin former professional footballer who played as a defender.	Radoslav Batak	defender
position played on team / speciality	Panagiotis Bachramis, (Greek: Παναγιώτης Μπαχράμης; born 12 March 1976, Kalamata), was a Greek professional footballer who played as midfielder.	Panagiotis Bachramis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ferenc Fülöp played a role in the 1981 film Escape to Victory as a centre forward for the Nazi team in a match against a PoW team.	Ferenc Fülöp	forward
position played on team / speciality	Omar Mascarell González (born 2 February 1993) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Sporting de Gijón on loan from Real Madrid as a defensive midfielder.	Omar Mascarell	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Toni Turek, real name Anton Turek, (18 January 1919 -- 11 May 1984) was a German football goalkeeper.	Toni Turek	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Washington Alexis Viera Barreto (born 18 October 1978), commonly known as Alexis Viera, is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for the Categoría Primera B club Depor.	Alexis Viera	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Arbnor Fejzullahu (Serbian: Арбнор Фејзулаху, Arbnor Fejzulahu) (born 8 April 1993 in Preševo) is an Albanian professional footballer who currently plays for Albanian Superliga side Partizani Tirana as a defender.	Arbnor Fejzullahu	defender
position played on team / speciality	Tiberio Guarente (born 1 November 1985) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Empoli F.C..	Tiberio Guarente	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gesiel José de Lima, commonly known as Nasa (born December 8, 1968), is a retired association footballer who played as a midfielder for several Série A clubs.	Gesiel José de Lima	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Pedro Emanuel dos Santos Martins Silva (born 11 February 1975), known as Pedro Emanuel, is a Portuguese retired footballer who played mainly as a central defender, and the current coach of Cypriot club Apollon Limassol.	Pedro Emanuel	defender
position played on team / speciality	Álvaro Lopes Cançado - nickname Nariz (Uberaba, February 8, 1912 - September 19, 1984) was a Brazilian footballer (defender) playing for Brazil national football team in FIFA World Cup 1938 .	Álvaro Lopes Cançado	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dejan Ilić (Serbian Cyrillic: Дејан Илић; born March 24, 1976 in Leskovac) is a Serbian football midfielder who played for AEK Larnaca in the Cypriot First Division.	Dejan Ilić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sean Roberts (born 2 January 1983) is a South African football (soccer) goalkeeper for Premier Soccer League club Ajax Cape Town.	Sean Roberts	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Danilo dos Santos Ribeiro, better known as Danilo Ribeiro or Danilo Goiano (born 21 February 1983, in Goiânia) is a Brazilian football midfielder last playing for Goiânia Esporte Clube.	Danilo Goiano	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Emilios Panayiotou (Greek: Αιμίλιος Παναγιώτου; born 22 September 1992 in Limassol, Cyprus) is a Cypriot footballer who plays as a midfielder for Aris Limassol in the Cypriot Second Division.	Emilios Panayiotou	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Aleksandar Srećković (Serbian Cyrillic: Aлeкcaндap Cpeћкoвић ;born 25 June 1981 in Belgrade) is a Serbian football defender currently playing for FK Srem in the Serbian First League.	Aleksandar Srećković	defender
position played on team / speciality	Yves Herbet (born August 17, 1945) is a former French footballer now manager born in Villers-Cotterêts, who played as a midfielder.	Yves Herbet	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Martin Hašek (born 11 October 1969 in Pardubice) is a former Czech football midfielder and a current coach.	Martin Hašek	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tony Piroski (born June 12, 1954 in Windsor, Ontario) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender.	Tony Piroski	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Julia Zorn (born 6 February 1990) is a German ice hockey forward and former goaltender for ESC Planegg and the German national team.	Julia Zorn	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Branislav Trajković (Serbian Cyrillic: Бранислав Трајковић; born August 29, 1989 in Odžaci) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a centre-back for FC Ordabasy.	Branislav Trajković	centre-back
position played on team / speciality	Zsolt Máriási (born 14 October 1967 in Ózd) is a retired Hungarian international football midfielder.	Zsolt Máriási	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mohd Hamzani Omar (born 30 September 1978 in Johor, Malaysia) is a Malaysian footballer who is a defender for Johor FC.	Mohd Hamzani Omar	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sokratis Papastathopoulos (Greek: Σωκράτης Παπασταθόπουλος, pronounced (soˈkratis papastaˈθopulos); born 9 June 1988) is a Greek footballer who plays as a centre back for German Bundesliga club Borussia Dortmund and is the captain of the Greek national team.	Sokratis Papastathopoulos	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Vahid Asgari (Persian: وحید عسگری; born March 20, 1985‎‎) is an Iranian Football defender.	Vahid Asgari	defender
position played on team / speciality	Michal Sedláček (born 27 October 1988 in, Czech Republic) is a Czech football player who plays as a midfielder for Bohemians 1905 in the Czech First League.	Michal Sedláček	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Spyros Christopoulos (Greek: Σπύρος Χριστόπουλος; born 7 October 1975) is a retired Greek footballer who played as a goalkeeper mostly for AEL and Thrasyvoulos in the Greek Super League.	Spyros Christopoulos	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Pascal Castillo (born July 16, 1976) is a Swiss football (soccer) defender who is now retired.	Pascal Castillo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Troy Prospere (born 10 October 1985) is an international football player from Saint Lucia, who plays as a forward.	Troy Prospere	forward
position played on team / speciality	Fredrik Andersson (born 28 February 1968) is a former Swedish ice hockey goaltender.	Fredrik Andersson	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Georgi Andonov (Bulgarian: Георги Андонов; born 28 June 1983 in Plovdiv) is a Bulgarian footballer, currently playing as a forward for Beroe Stara Zagora.	Georgi Andonov	forward
position played on team / speciality	Blake Evans (born 2 July 1980 in Kindersley, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre, who last played for Kyle Elks in the SVHL.	Blake Evans	centre
position played on team / speciality	Václav Bouška (21 August 1910 - 20 September 1975) was a former Czechoslovakian football midfielder.	Václav Bouška	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fabio Daprelà (Italian pronunciation: (ˈfabjo dapreˈla); born 19 February 1991 in Zurich) is a Swiss football defender currently playing for Carpi in Serie A. He is a former Switzerland U21 international.	Fabio Daprelà	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mike Getchell is a retired American soccer midfielder who played professionally in the Western Soccer Alliance, Mexican Primera División, Major Indoor Soccer League and American Professional Soccer League.	Mike Getchell	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fuadi Ndayisenga (born 15 June 1989 in Bujumbura) is a Burundian footballer who currently plays for Sofapaka in the Kenyan Premier League and the Burundi national team as a midfielder.	Fuadi Ndayisenga	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	George Pither (24 June 1899 -- 1966) was an English footballer who played as an outside forward in the Football League, most notably for New Brighton and Crewe Alexandra.	George Pither	forward
position played on team / speciality	Lloyd Monsen (born May 7, 1931) is a retired American soccer forward and baseball pitcher.	Lloyd Monsen	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jovan Stanković (Serbian: Joвaн Cтaнкoвић; born 4 March 1971) is a Serbian retired footballer who played as a left midfielder, with good crossing ability.	Jovan Stanković	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nguyễn Đức Nhân (3 February 1989) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Central midfielder for Đồng Nai F.C.	Nguyễn Đức Nhân	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Aimé Mignot (born 3 December 1932) is a French football defender who played for Aix and Lyon.	Aimé Mignot	defender
position played on team / speciality	Anthony Mfa Mezui (born 7 March 1991) is a Gabonese international footballer who plays professionally for French side FC Metz, as a goalkeeper.	Anthony Mfa Mezui	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Torric Jebrin (born 14 January 1991 in Accra) is a Ghanaian footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for Ismaily SC.	Torric Jebrin	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Hugo Henrique Rocha Soares (born 16 October 1982 in Miragaia (Porto)) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for CD Cinfães as a central midfielder.	Hugo Henrique Rocha Soares	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Xavier Ouellet (born July 29, 1993) is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman playing for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League (AHL).	Xavier Ouellet	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Alessandro Del Piero (Italian pronunciation: (alesˈsandro del ˈpjɛːro)) Ufficiale OMRI (born 9 November 1974) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a deep-lying forward.	Alessandro Del Piero	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jack Nicholas (26 November 1910 -- 1977) was an English professional footballer who played as a wing half.	Jack Nicholas	wing half
position played on team / speciality	Martin Jurkemik (born 14 November 1989 in Bratislava) is a Slovak football defender who last played for Slovak 2.	Martin Jurkemik	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marc McCallum (born 27 March 1993) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Livingston.	Marc McCallum	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Roberto Baronio (born 11 December 1977 in Manerbio) is a retired Italian football midfielder who currently works as a manager.	Roberto Baronio	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Prince Christian Buaben Abankwah (born 23 April 1988), known as Prince Buaben, is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Scottish Premiership club Heart of Midlothian.	Prince Buaben	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mario Sagario (born 29 June 1986 in Montevideo) is an Uruguayan rugby union player who plays as a Prop.	Mario Sagario	Prop
position played on team / speciality	Fred Davies (born 22 August 1939 in Liverpool) is an English former footballer who made nearly 400 appearances in the Football League playing as a goalkeeper for Wolverhampton Wanderers, Cardiff City and Bournemouth.	Fred Davies	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Gianluca Caprari (born 30 July 1993) is an Italian footballer who plays as a forward for Serie B club Pescara.	Gianluca Caprari	forward
position played on team / speciality	Moussa Narry (born April 19, 1986 in Dansoman as Moses Narh) is a Ghanaian football midfielder who currently plays for Al-Orobah.	Moussa Narry	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lynn Loyns (born February 21, 1981 in Naicam, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger for DEG Metro Stars of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga.	Lynn Loyns	winger
position played on team / speciality	Maksim Medvedev (born 29 September 1989) is an Azerbaijani defender of Russian descent playing currently for Qarabağ FK.	Maksim Medvedev	defender
position played on team / speciality	Martin Brunner (born 23 April 1963 in Zürich) is a retired Swiss football goalkeeper, who was capped 36 times for the Swiss national team.	Martin Brunner	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Bonginkosi Macala (born 5 October 1985 in Kroonstad, Free State) is a South African football (soccer) player who plays as a defender and midfielder for AmaZulu in the Premier Soccer League.	Bonginkosi Macala	defender
position played on team / speciality	Michal Mravec (born 10 June 1987 in Žilina) is a professional Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for Atlanta Silverbacks.	Michal Mravec	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Leonardo Spinazzola (born 25 March 1993) is an Italian footballer who plays for Perugia, on loan from Juventus, as a right midfielder.	Leonardo Spinazzola	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dafina Memedov is a Swedish Albanian football midfielder, currently playing for IFK Norrköping DFK in Sweden's Division 1, and for the Albania women's national football team.	Dafina Memedov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jean-Pascal Mignot (born 26 February 1981) is a French footballer who plays as defender for FC Sochaux-Montbéliard in the French Ligue 2.	Jean-Pascal Mignot	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marco Aurélio Siqueira (born 4 June 1970), known as Marco Aurélio, is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Marco Aurélio Siqueira	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Wanderley de Jesus Sousa or simply Derley (born 2 August 1986), is a Brazilian midfielder who plays for FC Juárez of the Ascenso MX.	Wanderley de Jesus Sousa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Allison Falk (born March 31, 1987) is a former American professional soccer defender.	Allison Falk	defender
position played on team / speciality	Roland Lewis (21 September 1925 -- September 1999) was an English footballer who played as a forward for Port Vale in the Football League between 1951 and 1953.	Roland Lewis	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jammal Shahin (born 19 December 1988 in Grimsby, England) is an English-born Jordanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Grimsby Borough.	Jammal Shahin	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marián Juhás (born 28 October 1979 in Košice) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for club Pattaya United.	Marián Juhás	defender
position played on team / speciality	Clive Nattress (born 24 May 1951) is an English former footballer who made 340 appearances in the Football League playing as a defender for Darlington and Halifax Town in the 1970s and 1980s.	Clive Nattress	defender
position played on team / speciality	Adrián González Morales (born 25 May 1988 in Madrid), known simply as Adrián, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for SD Eibar as a central midfielder.	Adrián González Morales	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ton van Engelen (born 4 October 1950 in Den Bosch) is a retired Dutch footballer who was active as a goalkeeper.	Ton van Engelen	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jimmy Chisenga (born 3 April 1992) is a Zambian international footballer who plays as a defender for Red Arrows.	Jimmy Chisenga	defender
position played on team / speciality	Milan Perendija (Serbian Cyrillic: Mилaн Пepeндиja; born January 5, 1986 in Belgrade) is a Serbian football defender, playing for Mordovia Saransk.	Milan Perendija	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marcus Bettinelli (born 24 May 1992) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Fulham.	Marcus Bettinelli	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Amer Shafi (born 10 February 1982) is a Jordanian footballer who plays as goalkeeper for Al-Wehdat and Jordan national football team.	Amer Shafi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Herbert Gager (born 18 September 1969) is a retired Austrian international footballer who played as a defender for clubs in Austria and Greece and most recently the head coach of St. Pölten.	Herbert Gager	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ján Laco (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈjaːn ˈlatso); born December 1, 1981) is a Slovak ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing for the Barys Astana in the Kontinental Hockey League.	Ján Laco	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Jimmy Montanero (born August 24, 1960) is a retired soccer defender from Ecuador, who earned seventeen caps for the Ecuador national team from 1989 to 1993.	Jimmy Montanero	defender
position played on team / speciality	Otar Khizaneishvili (Georgian: ოთარ ხიზანეიშვილი, Russian: Отар Давидович Хизанейшвили; born 26 September 1981 in Tbilisi) is a Georgian international footballer who currently plays for Sioni Bolnisi as a central defender.	Otar Khizaneishvili	defender
position played on team / speciality	Karlo Vragović (born May 13, 1989) is a Croatian professional basketball point guard who currently plays for Feni Industries.	Karlo Vragović	point guard
position played on team / speciality	Real Cyr (born May 20, 1987) is a Canadian former ice hockey goaltender.	Real Cyr	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Mile Savković (Serbian Cyrillic: Миле Савковић, born 3 November 1992 in Zrenjanin) is a Serbian football midfielder playing with Jagodina in the Serbian SuperLiga.	Mile Savković	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tony O'Dowd (born 6 July 1970 in Dublin, Ireland), is a retired goalkeeper.	Tony O'Dowd	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Necat Aygün (born 26 February 1981 in Munich) is a retired German footballer of Turkish descent who played as a defender.	Necat Aygün	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ciarán Martyn (born 25 March 1980 in Sligo, Ireland) is a midfielder for Glenavon of the NIFL Premiership.	Ciarán Martyn	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mario Eggimann (born 24 January 1981 in Brugg, Switzerland) is a Swiss football defender who is currently a free agent and served most recently Union Berlin of 2.	Mario Eggimann	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ricardo León Brito (born 8 February 1983), known simply as Ricardo, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Tenerife as a central midfielder.	Ricardo León Brito	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Pascal Bader (born 24 September 1982) is a footballer from Switzerland who currently plays as defender for SC Cham.	Pascal Bader	defender
position played on team / speciality	Martín Abundiz, (born 10 April 1996) is a Mexican footballer who plays as a forward for Mexican club Toluca.	Martín Abundiz	forward
position played on team / speciality	Alex Daley is a defender who plays for P.C. United FC and the Montserrat National team heade his debut for Montserrat against Suriname in a 7-1 defeat in a WCQ.	Alex Daley	defender
position played on team / speciality	John Michael Nchekwube Obinna (born 22 April 1987), known as John Obi Mikel, John Mikel Obi or Mikel John Obi, is a Nigerian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for English club Chelsea and the Nigeria national team.	John Obi Mikel	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Misael Bueno (born 15 July 1994 in Três de Maio, Rio Grande do Sul) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Coritiba as a midfielder.	Misael Bueno	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ahmad Abdollahzadeh (Persian: احمد عبدالله‌زاده‎‎) is an Iranian football midfielder who currently plays for the Iranian football club Foolad.	Ahmad Abdollahzadeh	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Róbert Cicman (born 3 September 1984) is a professional Slovak football centre back who plays for the 3.	Róbert Cicman	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Stefan Brasas (born 31 August 1967 in Münster) is a German football trainer and former footballer, who played as a goalkeeper.	Stefan Brasas	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Marco Parolo (Italian pronunciation: (ˈmarko paˈrɔlo); born 25 January 1985) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a centre midfielder for Serie A club Lazio and the Italian national team.	Marco Parolo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Abdel Sattar Sabry Abdelmajid Mahmoud (Arabic: عبدالستار صبري‎; born 19 June 1974), known as Sabry, is an Egyptian retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.	Abdel Sattar Sabry	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Hossein Mehraban (Persian: حسین مهربان‎‎) is an Iranian football forward who currently plays for Iranian football club Padideh in the Iran Pro League.	Hossein Mehraban	forward
position played on team / speciality	Sandro Henrique Alves Soares, better known as Sandrinho (born 3 April 1992), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward or winger for Sport Recife.	Sandro Henrique Alves Soares	forward
position played on team / speciality	Rob Horne (15 August 1989 in Sydney, Australia) is a rugby union player who plays as a centre for the NSW Waratahs rugby union club in the Super Rugby competition.	Rob Horne	centre
position played on team / speciality	George Moussan (born 8 November 1989) is a Swedish footballer of Syrian descent who plays as a goalkeeper and is currently a free agent after leaving his most recent Division 1 Norra side Valsta Syrianska IK .	George Moussan	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	César-Auguste Laraignée (born February 10, 1949 in Buenos Aires) is a former Argentine football defender who spent most of his career in France.	César-Auguste Laraignée	defender
position played on team / speciality	Yaqoub Al Taher (Arabic: يعقوب الطاهر‎, born 27 October 1983) is a Kuwaiti footballer who is a defender for the Kuwaiti Premier League club Al Kuwait.	Yaqoub Al Taher	defender
position played on team / speciality	Stefan Bidstrup (born 24 February 1975) is a retired Danish footballer who played as a midfielder.	Stefan Bidstrup	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mattia Perin (Italian pronunciation: (matˈtia peˈrin); born 10 November 1992) is an Italian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Serie A club Genoa and for the Italian national team.	Mattia Perin	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Stephen Tillotson (born 1884, deceased) was an English professional association football player who played as a goalkeeper.	Stephen Tillotson	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Erol Kahraman (born January 2, 1983 in London, United Kingdom) is a full-time ice hockey goaltender and football goalkeeper of Turkish Cypriot origin with Canadian dual citizenship.	Erol Kahraman	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Artūrs Zakreševskis (born 7 August 1971 in Riga) is a former football defender from Latvia and is currently the assistant of Latvia U-15 team.	Artūrs Zakreševskis	defender
position played on team / speciality	Henok Goitom (born 22 September 1984) is an Eritrean professional footballer who plays as a centre forward.	Henok Goitom	forward
position played on team / speciality	Morgyn Neill (born 10 March 1996) is a Scottish professional footballer, currently playing as a defender for Livingston in the Scottish Championship.	Morgyn Neill	defender
position played on team / speciality	Yaniv Luzon (Hebrew: יניב לוזון‎; born August 6, 1981) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays for Hapoel Hod HaSharon as an attacking or defending central midfielder, or as a playmaker.	Yaniv Luzon	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Andriy Sokolenko (born 8 June 1978 in the Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian football defender who plays for Kharkiv in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Andriy Sokolenko	defender
position played on team / speciality	Kiel McLeod (born December 30, 1982) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who is currently an unrestricted free agent.	Kiel McLeod	centre
position played on team / speciality	Thomas Schaaf (born 30 April 1961) is a German retired footballer who played as a defender and the current manager of Hannover 96.	Thomas Schaaf	defender
position played on team / speciality	Guðrún Sóley Gunnarsdóttir (born 15 September 1982) is an Icelandic former football defender who was part of Iceland's national team and competed at UEFA Women's Euro 2009.	Guðrún Sóley Gunnarsdóttir	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sid Ahmed Zerrouki (Arabic: سيد أحمد زروقي‎; born August 30, 1970) is a former Algerian international football midfielder.	Sid Ahmed Zerrouki	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Steven Lecefel, born 16 April 1986 in Trappes, France, is a martinican international footballer who plays as a forward.	Steven Lecefel	forward
position played on team / speciality	Pedro Ricardo López (Valle del Cauca, 1912 - 17 June 2006) was a Colombian football defender and manager.	Pedro Ricardo López	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sebastian Prödl (born 21 June 1987) is an Austrian footballer who plays as a defender for Premier League side Watford and the Austrian national team.	Sebastian Prödl	defender
position played on team / speciality	Rabin Shrestha is a Nepalese defender who was born in Jaleswor.	Rabin Shrestha	defender
position played on team / speciality	Isidro Díaz González (born 24 May 1954), known simply as Isidro, is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a forward.	Isidro Díaz González	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ieroklis Stoltidis (Greek: Ιεροκλής Στολτίδης; born 2 February 1975 in Thessaloniki), also known as ``Iéro'', is a retired Greek footballer, who played as a defensive midfielder.	Ieroklis Stoltidis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Moncef Chargui (born 7 August 1958) is a former Tunisia international football defender who played club football in Tunisia.	Moncef Chargui	defender
position played on team / speciality	Lluís Elcacho Roda (born 6 January 1964 in Lleida, Catalonia) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder, and the current coach of SD Formentera.	Lluís Elcacho	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Steve Pittman (July 18, 1967 in Wilson, North Carolina) is a retired American soccer defender who spent most of his career in the Scottish leagues.	Steve Pittman	defender
position played on team / speciality	Haitham Al-Shboul (born 1974) is a Jordanian footballer, who was an attacking midfielder for Al-Faisaly (Amman) until he currently became an assistant coach for his long-life club.	Haitham Al-Shboul	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Andrés Pablo Fernández Rizzo (born 21 August 1986 in Buenos Aires) is a Argentine-born citizen of Uruguayan descent football defender who currently plays for Municipal in the Guatemala League.	Andrés Pablo Fernández	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sophie Reiser (born December 21, 1987) is an American soccer midfielder for the Seattle Sounders Women of the United Soccer Leagues W-League.	Sophie Reiser	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Terry Bush (born 29 January 1943) is a former professional footballer who played as a forward for Bristol City for his entire career before retiring due to injury in 1970.	Terry Bush	forward
position played on team / speciality	Denis Maffey (22 February 1922 -- 1995) was an English footballer who played in the Football League as a forward for Ipswich Town.	Denis Maffey	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jeffrey Altheer (born 9 March 1987) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a defender and midfielder for Willem II in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Jeffrey Altheer	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ryley Grantham (born January 7, 1988) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who is under contract to the Missouri Mavericks of the ECHL.	Ryley Grantham	centre
publication date	Insaciable (also known as The Insatiable Widow) is a 1976 Argentine erotic drama film written and directed by Armando Bo.	Insaciable	1976
publication date	Secret Plans (Chinese: 新大头儿子和小头爸爸之秘密计划) is a 2014 Chinese animated film directed by He Cheng.	Secret Plans	2014
publication date	And Now the Screaming Starts! is a 1973 British gothic horror film.	And Now the Screaming Starts!	1973
publication date	Three and Out is a 2008 British black comedy film directed by Jonathan Gershfield.	Three and Out	2008
publication date	To Make a Killing is a 1988 Australian film that was also known as Vicious.	To Make a Killing	1988
publication date	Queen of the Road is a 1984 Australian TV movie about two female truckies.	Queen of the Road	1984
publication date	Charlie Murder was eventually released on 14 August 2013 to positive reviews, with critics praising the game's soundtrack and hand-illustrated visuals.	Charlie Murder	14 August 2013
publication date	Box-Office Bunny, released in 1990, is a 4-minute Looney Tunes short starring Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck and Elmer Fudd.	Box-Office Bunny	1990
publication date	Behind the Paint was originally released in July 2003 with a revised second edition released in August 2004.	Behind the Paint	July 2003
publication date	Video Days is a skateboarding video by Blind Skateboards released in 1991.	Video Days	1991
publication date	Blood of the Leopard is a 1972 Taiwanese - Hong Kong kung fu action film directed by Kim Lung.	Blood of the Leopard	1972
publication date	Circle of Deceit is a 1998 ABC-TV movie starring Janine Turner, Esai Morales and Joanna Cassidy.	Circle of Deceit	1998
publication date	When Good Ghouls Go Bad is a 2001 Fox Family television film based on a book written by R. L. Stine.	When Good Ghouls Go Bad	2001
publication date	Lives Worth Living is a 2011 documentary film directed by Eric Neudel and produced by Alison Gilkey, and broadcast by PBS through ITVS, as part of the Independent Lens series.	Lives Worth Living	2011
publication date	Seidman and Son is a bestselling 1958 novel by Elick Moll, adapted by Moll into a 1962 play.	Seidman and Son	1958
publication date	Malostranské humoresky is a 1995 Czech film, that starred Josef Kemr.	Malostranské humoresky	1995
publication date	Bachelor's Affairs is a 1932 American Pre-Code film based on the play ``Precious'' by James Forbes.	Bachelor's Affairs	1932
publication date	Love, Bitter (Turkish: Acı Aşk) is a 2009 Turkish drama film co-produced and directed by A. Taner Elhan, about a literature professor caught in a dangerous love quadrangle.	Love, Bitter	2009
publication date	Pattam Pole (English: Like a Kite) is a 2013 Malayalam romantic film directed by cinematographer Alagappan, who makes his directorial debut.	Pattam Pole	2013
publication date	Arson Gang Busters is a 1938 American action film directed by Joseph Kane and written by Alex Gottlieb, Norman Burnstine and Joseph Hoffman.	Arson Gang Busters	1938
publication date	The Million Dollar Duck (also titled as The $1,000,000 Duck) is a 1971 Walt Disney Productions comedy film about a goose that lays golden eggs scenario.	The Million Dollar Duck	1971
publication date	Deux enfoirés à Saint-Tropez (Two bastards in Saint- Tropez) (1986) is movie a French B movie by Max Pécas.	Deux enfoirés à Saint-Tropez	1986
publication date	The Pokrovsky Gate (Russian: Покровские ворота; Pokrovskiye Vorota) is a 1982 Soviet comedy film produced for television by Mosfilm.	The Pokrovsky Gate	1982
publication date	Bednye Rodstvenniki (Russian: Бедные родственники, Roots, Poor Relatives) is a 2005 comedy film, close in style to ``The 12 chairs'' and ``The Small Golden Calf''; based on the novels by Ilya Ilf and Evgeniy Petrov.	Poor Relatives	2005
publication date	An Airman's Letter to His Mother (1941) is a documentary-style British propaganda short film based on an actual letter from a British bomber pilot to his mother published in The Times in June 1940.	An Airman's Letter to His Mother	1941
publication date	Alles auf Zucker! (English: Go for Zucker) is a German comedy film, released internationally in 2004.	Alles auf Zucker!	2004
publication date	Amanush 2 is a 2015 bengali thriller film directed by Rajib Kumar Biswas.	Amanush 2	2015
publication date	Great Wildlife Moments is a nature documentary DVD (BBCDVD1131) introduced by David Attenborough and released on 17 November 2003.	Great Wildlife Moments	2003
publication date	Don't Turn 'Em Loose is a 1936 American crime drama film directed by Ben Stoloff and produced by RKO Radio Pictures, who released the film on September 18, 1936.	Don't Turn 'Em Loose	1936
publication date	On the Waves of Happiness (Romanian:Pe valurile fericirii) is a 1920 Romanian silent film directed by Dolly A. Szigethy and starring Lya De Putti, Maria Filotti and Ian Manolescu.	On the Waves of Happiness	1920
publication date	Young Friend Forever (Chinese: 我的青春蜜友) is a 2014 Chinese romance film directed by Zhao Chong.	Young Friend Forever	2014
publication date	The Titfield Thunderbolt is a 1953 British comedy film about a group of villagers trying to keep their branch line operating after British Railways decided to close it.	The Titfield Thunderbolt	1953
publication date	The Other Conquest broke box-office records upon its 1999 release in Mexico by Twentieth Century Fox, ``enjoying the biggest opening weekend of any Mexican film in history on its home turf'' (The New York Times).	The Other Conquest	1999
publication date	Lucien Brouillard is a 1983 French Canadian film of the drama genre.	Lucien Brouillard	1983
publication date	The Yankles is a 2009 film directed by David R. Brooks, about a fictitious college-level baseball team made up of students from an Orthodox Yeshiva.	The Yankles	2009
publication date	The Biographical Encyclopedia of Astronomers (BEA) is a two-volume biographical dictionary, first published in 2007.	Biographical Encyclopedia of Astronomers	2007
publication date	Better This World is a 2011 documentary film that was directed by Kelly Duane and Katie Galloway.	Better This World	2011
publication date	Twelve Mile Road is a 2003 drama film based on the New York Times best selling book Mystery Ride by Robert Boswell.	Twelve Mile Road	2003
publication date	Since I Left You is the debut studio album by Australian electronic music group The Avalanches, released on 27 November 2000.	Since I Left You	27 November 2000
publication date	The Weird World of Blowfly is a 2010 documentary film about rapper and hip hop musician Clarence Reid, a/k/a Blowfly, directed by Jonathan Furmanski.	The Weird World of Blowfly	2010
publication date	Flight North (German: Flucht in den Norden, Finnish: Pako pohjoiseen) is a 1986 German-Finnish drama film directed by Ingemo Engström.	Flight North	1986
publication date	The Viking Queen is a 1967 Hammer adventure film set in Roman Britain.	The Viking Queen	1967
publication date	Apocalypse Pompeii is an 2014 American disaster film produced by The Asylum and directed by Ben Demaree.	Apocalypse Pompeii	2014
publication date	Aitraaz (Objection) is a 2004 Indian Hindi romantic thriller film produced by Subhash Ghai for Mukta Arts and directed by Abbas-Mustan.	Aitraaz	2004
publication date	The Wild Racers is a 1968 American feature film about a Grand Prix racing car driver.	The Wild Racers	1968
publication date	Allen Gregory is an American animated television series that aired on Fox from October 30 to December 18, 2011.	Allen Gregory	2011
publication date	Khyber Patrol is a 1954 film about British troops on the Afghanistan border.	Khyber Patrol	1954
publication date	The Heroes of Desert Storm is a 1991 film that told the story of the Persian Gulf War's Operation Desert Shield and Operation Desert Storm from the point of view of several participants.	The Heroes of Desert Storm	1991
publication date	The Boneyard is a 1991 American direct-to-video horror film directed by James Cummins.	The Boneyard	1991
publication date	Čovek nije tica (English title: Man Is Not a Bird) is a European art film made in 1965.	Man Is Not a Bird	1965
publication date	Navalokam is a 1951 Indian Malayalam film, directed by V Krishnan and produced by Pappachan.	Navalokam	1951
publication date	Local Boys is a 2002 American coming of age drama film.	Local Boys	2002
publication date	Murder in the Clouds is a 1934 American action film dealing with aviation.	Murder in the Clouds	1934
publication date	Jekhane Ashray is a 2009 Bengali film directed by Amitabha Mitra.This film released under the banner Amitabha Mitra Productions.	Jekhane Ashray	2009
publication date	Land of Saints (Italian: La terra dei santi) is a 2015 Italian crime-thriller film written and directed by Fernando Muraca and starring Valeria Solarino.	Land of Saints	2015
publication date	You're a Sap, Mr. Jap is a 1942 one-reel animated cartoon short subject released by Paramount Pictures.	You're a Sap, Mr. Jap	1942
publication date	The Beach Girls is a 1982 sex comedy film, directed by Pat Townsend.	The Beach Girls	1982
publication date	The Young Will Live (Greek: O neoi theloun na zisoun) is a 1965 Greek drama film directed by Nikos Tzimas.	The Young Will Live	1965
publication date	Dead Fire is a 1997 made for television Canadian science fiction film starring Colin Cunningham as a soldier on a space station.	Dead Fire	1997
publication date	Midnight Shadow is a 1939 film with an all African American cast.	Midnight Shadow	1939
publication date	SO Much Guitar! is the sixth album by American jazz guitarist Wes Montgomery, released in 1961.	SO Much Guitar!	1961
publication date	La Rivolta dei Pretoriani (AKA: Revolt of the Praetorians) is a 1964 film about the conspiracy to assassinate the emperor Domitian in the year AD 96, though the historical facts have been heavily fictionized.	Revolt of the Praetorians	1964
publication date	Snow in Paradise is a 2014 British thriller film directed by Andrew Hulme and co-written by Hulme and Martin Askew, who also co-stars in the film.	Snow in Paradise	2014
publication date	Girls School Screamers is a 1986 horror film co-written and directed by John P. Finnegan.	Girls School Screamers	1986
publication date	High Plains Invaders is a 2009 science fiction television film that aired on the Syfy Channel.	High Plains Invaders	2009
publication date	Baptists at Our Barbecue is a 2004 comedy film based on the 1996 novel of the same name by Robert Farrell Smith.	Baptists at Our Barbecue	2004
publication date	Byomkesh Phire Elo is a 2014 Indian thriller film on Bengali fictional detective Byomkesh Bakshi, released on 19 December 2014.	Byomkesh Phire Elo	2014
publication date	Better Living is a 1998 film featured in the Hamptons International Film Festival.	Better Living	1998
publication date	How Wings Are Attached to the Backs of Angels is a 1996 animated short by Canadian animator Craig Welch, produced by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB).	How Wings Are Attached to the Backs of Angels	1996
publication date	The Heart of Justice, is a 1992 television film starring Eric Stoltz, Jennifer Connelly and Dermot Mulroney.	The Heart of Justice	1992
publication date	The Blood Beast Terror is a 1967 British horror film released by Tigon in February 1968.	The Blood Beast Terror	1968
publication date	All That You Possess (French: Tout ce que tu possèdes) is a Canadian drama film, released in 2012.	All That You Possess	2012
publication date	Tugboat Annie Sails Again was a 1940 American comedy romance film sequel to the classic 1933 film Tugboat Annie.	Tugboat Annie Sails Again	1940
publication date	Russia 88 is a 2009 Russian mockumentary directed by Pavel Bardin about Russian neo-Nazis.	Russia 88	2009
publication date	Awful Orphan is a 1949 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies cartoon, directed by Chuck Jones and written by Michael Maltese.	Awful Orphan	1949
publication date	Holes in the Soup (Danish: Huller i suppen) is a Danish comedy film, released in 1988.	Holes in the Soup	1988
publication date	Joe and Ethel Turp Call on the President is a 1939 American comedy film directed by Robert B. Sinclair and written by Melville Baker.	Joe and Ethel Turp Call on the President	1939
publication date	Muling Umawit ang Puso? is a 1995 Filipino film and an official entry to the 1995 Metro Manila Film Festival.	Muling Umawit ang Puso	1995
publication date	Flight of the Lost Balloon is a 1961 film produced, written and directed by Nathan Juran that was filmed in Puerto Rico.	Flight of the Lost Balloon	1961
publication date	The Deathday Party (Chinese: 死亡派对) is a 2014 Chinese suspense thriller film directed by Xie Hang.	The Deathday Party	2014
publication date	Found Memories (Portuguese: Histórias que Só Existem Quando Lembradas) is a 2011 Brazilian drama film directed by Júlia Murat.	Found Memories	2011
publication date	Låt sommaren gunga dig is a song written by Bert Månson, and recorded by Carina Jaarneks orkester, scoring a 1996 hit.	Låt sommaren gunga dig	1996
publication date	From Soup to Nuts is a 1928 short comedy film starring Laurel and Hardy as butlers hired for a high society dinner party.	From Soup to Nuts	1928
publication date	The Childhood of Icarus (original French title: L'Enfance d'Icare ) is a 2009 film co-written, co-produced, and directed by the Romanian-born Swiss director Alex Iordachescu.	The Childhood of Icarus	2009
publication date	Fundamento de Esperanto (English: Foundation of Esperanto) is a book by L. L. Zamenhof, published in the spring of 1905.	Fundamento de Esperanto	1905
publication date	Klassiki periptosi vlavis (Greek: Κλασική περίπτωση βλάβης) is a 1987 Greek comedy film, released on video only.	Klassiki periptosi vlavis	1987
publication date	Hit the Road (1941) is a crime comedy film featuring the Dead End Kids.	Hit the Road	1941
publication date	Mon premier amour is a 1978 French film.	Mon premier amour	1978
publication date	Mind Ripper, also known as The Hills Have Eyes III, The Hills Still Have Eyes, or The Outpost, is a horror film released on HBO in 1995.	Mind Ripper	1995
publication date	Call Center Girl is a 2013 Filipino family comedy drama film directed by Don Cuaresma, starring Pokwang, Jessy Mendiola, and Enchong Dee.	Call Center Girl	2013
publication date	Lost in the Hood is a 2009 gay pornographic film directed by Edward James.	Lost in the Hood	2009
publication date	Sammy Lightfoot is a game written by Warren Schwader for the Apple II and published by Sierra On-Line in 1983.	Sammy Lightfoot	1983
publication date	Talk Dirty to Me Part III was a 1984 pornographic movie and a spoof on the mainstream movie Splash and is the second sequel to the original 1980 film Talk Dirty to Me.	Talk Dirty to Me Part III	1984
publication date	Deadly Companion (also known as Double Negative) is a 1980 Canadian mystery film based on the novel The Three Roads by Ross Macdonald.	Deadly Companion	1980
publication date	Fantasia 2000 is a 1999 American animated film created by Walt Disney Feature Animation and Walt Disney Pictures and released by Buena Vista Pictures.	Fantasia 2000	1999
publication date	Q.R.R (Quien resulte responsable) (``Whoever is Responsible'') is a 1970 Mexican film.	Q.R.R (Quien resulte responsable)	1970
publication date	Nail'd was released on 30 November 2010 in North America and on 4 February 2011 in Europe.	Nail'd	30 November 2010
publication date	Christmas at Cadillac Jack's is a 2007 American television film.	Christmas at Cadillac Jack's	2007
publication date	BiXian Panic (Chinese title: 笔仙惊魂) is a 2012 Chinese horror film directed by David Kuan.	BiXian Panic	2012
publication date	Alma grande (``Great Soul'') is a 1966 Mexican film based on a comic book created by Pedro Zapian (writer of the Chanoc stories) at the beginning of the sixties.	Alma grande	1966
publication date	Police Trainer is a light gun arcade game released by P&P Marketing in 1996.	Police Trainer	1996
publication date	Catalypse is a horizontal scrolling shooter computer game released for the Commodore 64 by Genias in 1992, programmed by Andrea Pompili and music written by Michael Tschögl.	Catalypse	1992
publication date	Dot in Space is a 1994 Australian animated film, one of the popular series featuring Dot from Dot and the Kangaroo.	Dot in Space	1994
publication date	Escuela para suegras (``School for Stepmothers'') is a 1958 Mexican film.	Escuela para suegras	1958
publication date	President Wilson in Paris is a 1973 Australian TV movie based on the play by Ron Blair set during the Paris Peace Conference, 1919.	President Wilson in Paris	1973
publication date	Raamanam (Malayalam: രാമാനം, English: Night Sky) is a 2009 Malayalam film directed and produced by M. P. Sukumaran Nair.	Raamanam	2009
publication date	Death Is a Number is a 1951 British horror film directed by Robert Henryson and starring Terence Alexander, Lesley Osmond and Peter Gawthorne.	Death Is a Number	1951
publication date	Box Head Revolution is a 2002 science fiction film directed, produced, edited and co-written by Mark Christensen.	Box Head Revolution	2002
publication date	Amy George is a 2011 Canadian microbudget film written, produced and directed by Yonah Lewis and Calvin Thomas.	Amy George	2011
publication date	American Mayor is a 2009 documentary film detailing Travis Irvine's 2007 campaign for mayor of Bexley, Ohio.	American Mayor	2009
publication date	The House Without a Name is a 1956 short documentary film written and produced by Valentine Davies.	The House Without a Name	1956
publication date	Aa Naluguru (English translation: Those Four i.e. the four people who carry a body in a funeral procession) is a 2004 Telugu drama film starring Rajendra Prasad and Amani.	Aa Naluguru	2004
publication date	Frida, en trotjänarinna is a 1999 documentary film which originally aired over SVT on 3 May 1999.	Frida, en trotjänarinna	1999
publication date	Eadie Was a Lady is a 1945 American musical comedy.	Eadie Was a Lady	1945
publication date	Volcanic Dungeon is a role-playing video game designed by Roy Carnell and Stuart A. Galloway and released by Carnell Software for the ZX Spectrum, Dragon 32/64 and ZX81 computers in 1983.	Volcanic Dungeon	1983
publication date	Aegri Somnia (2006) is an anthology of horror stories edited by Jason Sizemore and Gill Ainsworth and published by Apex Books.	Aegri Somnia	2006
publication date	Scooby-Doo! and the Spooky Scarecrow is a 2013 Direct-to-DVD special based upon the Scooby-Doo Saturday morning cartoons as a Halloween special, released on September 10, 2013 on the 13 Spooky Tales:	Scooby-Doo! and the Spooky Scarecrow	2013
publication date	Fighting Father Dunne is a 1948 American biographical film about the life of Father Peter Dunne, and the creation of his News Boys Home in St. Louis, Missouri.	Fighting Father Dunne	1948
publication date	The Eighth House also known as Horror Floor (Chinese: 诡八楼) is a 2014 Chinese romantic thriller film directed by Zhang Li.	The Eighth House	2014
publication date	Student Number 1 is an Indian, Tamil film released in 2003.	Student Number 1	2003
publication date	The Pranava-Vada of Gargyayana (pranava-vāda is the Sanskrit for ``uttering of Pranava (AUM)'') is a book by Bhagavan Das, published in three volumes in years 1910-1913 by the Theosophical Society, Adyar with notes by Annie Besant.	Pranava-Vada of Gargyayana	1910
publication date	Parallel Worlds, Parallel Lives is a BAFTA-winning television documentary broadcast in 2007 on BBC Scotland and BBC Four, in which American rock musician Mark Oliver Everett talks with physicists and the former colleagues of his father--	Parallel Worlds, Parallel Lives	2007
publication date	Sir Billi is a 2012 British computer animated adventure comedy feature film.	Sir Billi	2012
publication date	The Way He Looks (Portuguese: Hoje Eu Quero Voltar Sozinho -- literally, ``Today I Want to Go Back Alone'') is a 2014 Brazilian coming-of-age romantic drama film based on the 2010 short film I Don't Want to Go Back Alone (Eu Não Quero Voltar Sozinho).	The Way He Looks	2014
publication date	Hitch Hike Lady is a 1935 American comedy film directed by Aubrey Scotto and written by Gordon Rigby and Lester Cole.	Hitch Hike Lady	1935
publication date	The Ugly Duckling and Me! is a 2006 animated film which won an award at the China International Cartoon and Digital Art Festival.	The Ugly Duckling and Me!	2006
publication date	Scarecrow Gone Wild is a low-budget film released in 2004 about a group of college co-eds who are hunted down by a killer Scarecrow after a hazing ritual sends one male student into a coma.	Scarecrow Gone Wild	2004
publication date	Columbus Discovers Kraehwinkel (German: Columbus entdeckt Krähwinkel) is a 1954 West German comedy film directed by Ulrich Erfurth and Alexander Paal and starring Eva Kerbler, Charles Chaplin Jr. and Rudolf Platte.	Columbus Discovers Kraehwinkel	1954
publication date	A Marvelous Work and a Wonder is a 1950 book by LeGrand Richards on the history and doctrine of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).	A Marvelous Work and a Wonder	1950
publication date	Thanks for Everything is a 1938 American comedy film directed by William A. Seiter and written by Curtis Kenyon and Harry Tugend.	Thanks for Everything	1938
publication date	Agent 009 is a 1980 Hindi-language Indian feature film produced by S.V.S.Films, starring Vijendra Mittal, Rehana Sultan, Madhushala and Padma Khanna in lead roles.	Agent 009	1980
publication date	Town of the Dragon (Chinese: 卧龙岗) is a 2014 Chinese suspense comedy film directed by Xue Cun.	Town of the Dragon	2014
publication date	Trapped in Tia Juana is a 1932 American Pre-Code western.	Trapped in Tia Juana	1932
publication date	Keeping the Kibbutz is a 2010 American documentary film co-directed by Ben Crosbie and Tessa Moran about the Israeli kibbutz, which explores the background and history of the kibbutz movement and how the movement has changed to meet economic needs.	Keeping the Kibbutz	2010
publication date	Kings for a Day (French: Comme des rois) is a 1997 French comedy film directed by François Velle.	Kings for a Day	1997
publication date	Chirakodinja Kinavukal (English: Dreams with Broken Wings) is a 2015 Malayalam spoof film.	Chirakodinja Kinavukal	2015
publication date	Mondomanila is a 2012 Filipino crime comedy drama film directed by independent filmmaker Khavn.	Mondomanila	2012
publication date	Old Partner (Hangul: 워낭 소리; RR: Wonang Sori; lit. ``Cowbell Sound'') is a 2008 South Korean documentary film directed by Lee Chung-ryoul.	Old Partner	2008
publication date	Hari Darshan is a 1972 Bollywood religious film directed by Chandrakan.	Hari Darshan	1972
publication date	Roman Legion-Hare is a Looney Tunes animated short released in 1955.	Roman Legion-Hare	1955
publication date	Metallica Through the Never is a 2013 American IMAX thriller concert film featuring the American heavy metal band Metallica.	Metallica Through the Never	2013
publication date	9 millimeter is a Swedish crime/drama film premiered in 1997.	9 millimeter	1997
publication date	The Gentleman Thief is a 2001 British television adaptation of the A.J. Raffles stories by Ernest William Hornung.	The Gentleman Thief	2001
publication date	Gone Batty is a Looney Tunes animated cartoon short released by Warner Brothers on September 4, 1954.	Gone Batty	1954
publication date	We Were Soldiers is a 2002 war film that dramatizes the Battle of Ia Drang on November 14, 1965.	We Were Soldiers	2002
publication date	Kaliveedu is a 1996 Malayalam family drama film that explores the marital relationship of Mahesh and Mridula and their divorce.	Kaliveedu	1996
publication date	Men Suddenly in Black (Chinese: 大丈夫) is a 2003 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Pang Ho-Cheung.	Men Suddenly in Black	2003
publication date	Pubescence 3 is a 2012 Chinese teen sex comedy film and a sequel to Pubescence and Paradise Lost as part of the Pubescence theatrical series.	Pubescence 3	2012
publication date	A Dark Reflection is a 2015 British independent investigative thriller film directed and produced by former British Airways airline captain Tristan Loraine.	A Dark Reflection	2015
publication date	The Day the World Broke is an adventure/puzzle game released by Houghton Mifflin Interactive in 1997.	The Day the World Broke	1997
publication date	Vannakili (Tamil: வண்ணக்கிளி) is a 1959 Indian Tamil film, directed by T. R. Raghunath and produced by T. R. Sundaram.	Vannakili	1959
publication date	Cannibal Terror (French title: Terreur Cannibale) is a 1981 cannibal film.	Cannibal Terror	1981
publication date	Another Fine Myth is a 1978 novel by Robert Lynn Asprin, and is the first book in the Myth Adventures series.	Another Fine Myth	1978
publication date	Jalanan enjoyed additional prominence and media attention when it was screened in April 2014 by Jakarta's Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama ('Ahok') at City Hall for 300 senior government officials.	Jalanan	2014
publication date	Small Town Conspiracy or formally known as Florida City is an independent feature film shot in 2003 in Orlando, Florida.	Small Town Conspiracy	2003
publication date	Laat Saheb (Big Lord) is a Bollywood film released in 1946.	Laat Saheb	1946
publication date	Missing U is an award-winning 2013 short animated film made by Brooke Wagstaff which was featured in multiple film festivals.	Missing U	2013
publication date	The Realization of a Negro's Ambition is a 1916 American silent short film that is now lost.	The Realization of a Negro's Ambition	1916
publication date	The Andersonville Trial was a television adaptation of a 1959 hit Broadway play by Saul Levitt, presented as an episode of PBS's on May 17, 1970 as part of the anthology series Hollywood Television Theatre.	The Andersonville Trial	1970
publication date	Men of the Sky is a 1931 all-talking American Pre-Code musical drama film which was produced by Warner Bros. in 1930 and released in 1931.	Men of the Sky	1931
publication date	Sherlock Holmes and the Case of the Silk Stocking is a British television film originally broadcast on BBC One in the UK on 26 December 2004.	Sherlock Holmes and the Case of the Silk Stocking	2004
publication date	The Good German is a 2006 film adaptation of Joseph Kanon's eponymous 2001 novel.	The Good German	2006
publication date	Red Lights Ahead is a 1936 American film directed by Roland D. Reed.	Red Lights Ahead	1936
publication date	Crime Unlimited is a 1935 British crime film that was made as a Quota quickie.	Crime Unlimited	1935
publication date	The Horsemasters was a 2 part episode of the Disneyland TV show from 1961 which screened theatrically in some countries.	The Horsemasters	1961
publication date	Political Rowdy is a 2005 Tollywood film directed by Adi.	Political Rowdy	2005
publication date	So Normal (Original Portuguese title: Os Normais) is a 2003 Brazilian film, based on the popular Brazilian sitcom of the same name.	So Normal	2003
publication date	Assault in the Ring (formerly Cornered: A Life in the Ring) is a 2008 sports documentary film about a controversial boxing match held at Madison Square Garden on June 16, 1983.	Assault in the Ring	2008
publication date	Shockwave, Darkside is a 2014 American 3D science fiction film written and directed by Jay Weisman.	Shockwave, Darkside	2014
publication date	Chess Moves is a 1985 music video compilation for the musical Chess directed by David G. Hillier.	Chess Moves	1985
publication date	Meenthoni is a 1998 Indian Malayalam film directed by PR Ravi and starring Boban Alummoodan in the lead roles.	Meenthoni	1998
publication date	Every Day Except Christmas is a 37-minute documentary film filmed in 1957 at the Covent Garden fruit, vegetable and flower market, then located in the Covent Garden area of East central London.	Every Day Except Christmas	1957
publication date	Singh of Festival is a 2015 Sikh devotional film from Punjab.	Singh of Festival	2015
publication date	Anywhere, U.S.A. is a 2008 feature film directed by Chusy Haney-Jardine starring mostly non-professional actors.	Anywhere, U.S.A.	2008
publication date	Circle of the Sun is a 1960 short documentary film on Kainai Nation, or Blood Tribe, of Southern Alberta, which captured their Sun Dance ritual on film for the first time.	Circle of the Sun	1960
publication date	Orphans of the Sahara is a three-part documentary series, produced by Al Jazeera, and aired on January 2014.	Orphans of the Sahara	2014
publication date	Cinco asesinos esperan (``Five Murderers Waiting'') is a 1964 Mexican film.	Cinco asesinos esperan	1964
publication date	Man-Trap is a 1961 American drama film about a Korean War veteran who becomes involved in a scheme to steal $3.5 million from a Central American dictator.	Man-Trap	1961
publication date	Ke Tumi (Bengali: কে তুমি ``Who are you'') is a 2008 Bengali film.	Ke Tumi	2008
publication date	The Boy with a Thorn in His Side is a 2005 comedy film, produced and directed by Mark Jeavonsa as his feature film debut, and starring Alec Sedgley as Billy Heinlickburger.	The Boy with a Thorn in His Side	2005
publication date	Reach for Me is a 2008 American comedy-drama film that portrays how we deal with life, love, laughter, and commitment in our last days with the realization that:	Reach for Me	2008
publication date	Ethirppukal is a 1984 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Unni Aranmula and produced by Unni Aranmula.	Ethirppukal	1984
publication date	Pacific Banana is a 1981 Australian sex comedy film which reunites the star and writer of Alvin Purple.	Pacific Banana	1981
publication date	Matzor (Hebrew: מצור‎, translit. Siege) is a 1969 Israeli film directed by Italian director Gilberto Tofano.	Matzor	1969
publication date	The Hacker Wars is a 2014 documentary film about hacktivism in the United States, directed by Vivien Lesnik Weisman.	The Hacker Wars	2014
publication date	Mother, I Love You (Latvian: Mammu, es tevi mīlu) is a 2013 Latvian drama film written and directed by Jānis Nords.	Mother, I Love You	2013
publication date	Unakkaga Piranthen (1992) is a Tamil language romantic film, written and directed by Balu Anand.	Unakkaga Piranthen	1992
publication date	Oonche Log (English language: High Society People) is an Indian Hindi film directed by Brij, released on 5 July, 1985.	Oonche Log	1985
publication date	L'important c'est la rose is a song written by Louis Amade and Gilbert Bécaud, and recorded by Gilbert Bécaud, released 1967..	L'important c'est la rose	1967
publication date	Sapnon Ka Mandir (English: Temple of Dreams) is a 1991 Indian Bollywood film produced by Suresh Kumar on Kamla Productions banner and directed by Pradip Jain.	Sapnon Ka Mandir	1991
publication date	The Black Gestapo is a 1975 nazi-blaxploitation film about a vigilante named General Ahmed, who starts an inner-city ``People's Army'' to protect the black citizens of Watts.	The Black Gestapo	1975
publication date	Quattro rose rosse (Italian: Four red roses) is a 1951 Italian film.	Quattro rose rosse	1951
publication date	Herzog Blaubarts Burg (``Duke Bluebeard's Castle'') (1963) is a film of the opera Bluebeard's Castle by the Hungarian composer Béla Bartók, written in 1911 to a symbolist libretto by the poet and later film theorist Béla Balázs.	Herzog Blaubarts Burg	1963
publication date	Philadelphia Experiment II (also known as The Philadelphia Experiment II, The Philadelphia Experiment 2, or Philadelphia Experiment 2) is a 1993 science fiction film.	Philadelphia Experiment II	1993
publication date	Aaseya Bale is a 1987 Indian Kannada drama - thriller film directed by Raj Kishor.	Aaseya Bale	1987
publication date	Aada Paduchu or Aadapaduchu (Telugu: ఆడపడుచు) is a 1967 Telugu Drama film produced and directed by K. Hemambaradhara Rao.	Aada Paduchu	1967
publication date	Fighting Thoroughbreds is a 1939 American drama film directed by Sidney Salkow and written by Wellyn Totman.	Fighting Thoroughbreds	1939
publication date	Control Factor is a 2003 Sci Fi Pictures science fiction TV-movie.	Control Factor	2003
publication date	The Silenced (Hangul: 경성학교: 사라진 소녀들; RR: Gyeongseong Hakgyo: Sarajin Sonyeodeul; lit. ``Gyeongseong School: The Lost Girls'') is a 2015 South Korean mystery-thriller film written and directed by Lee Hae-young, starring Park Bo-young and Uhm Ji-won.	The Silenced	2015
publication date	Thumb Tripping is an American 1972 drama film directed by Quentin Masters and written by Don Mitchell.	Thumb Tripping	1972
publication date	Murder at the Gallop (1963) is the second of four Miss Marple films made by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.	Murder at the Gallop	1963
publication date	Painful Maturity (Hangul: 아픈 성숙; RR: Ap'eun seongsuk) is 1980 South Korean melodrama film directed by Park Chul-soo.	Painful Maturity	1980
publication date	WWF WrestleMania 2000 is a professional wrestling video game originally released in 1999 on the Nintendo 64 (N64) console.	WWF WrestleMania 2000	1999
publication date	Chandra Mukhi (Hindi: चन्द्रमुखी) is a Hindi language film, released in 1993.	Chandra Mukhi	1993
publication date	Filming for Mutts to You took place from March 30 to April 2, 1938.	Mutts to You	1938
publication date	Bedi Bandavalu (Kannada: ಬೇಡಿ ಬಂದವಳು) is a 1968 Indian Kannada film, directed by C. Srinivasan and produced by T N Srinivasan.	Bedi Bandavalu	1968
publication date	Prodavnica tajni (trans. The Secrets Shop) is the fourth studio album from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Bajaga i Instruktori, released in 1988.	Prodavnica tajni	1988
publication date	The U Movie is a 2010 Canadian documentary film that describes the backpacking adventures of Alexander Reid and Thomas Douglas as they travel to the South Pacific in late September 2004.	The U Movie	2010
publication date	For the Bible Tells Me So is a 2007 American documentary film directed by Daniel G. Karslake about homosexuality and its perceived conflict with Christianity, as well as various interpretations of what the Bible says about same-sex sexuality.	For the Bible Tells Me So	2007
publication date	Demonic Toys is an American film produced by Charles Band's Full Moon Entertainment and released in 1992.	Demonic Toys	1992
publication date	Bettanagere (Kannada: ಬೆತ್ತನಗೆರೆ) is a 2015 Indian Kannada crime-thriller film written and directed by Mohan Gowda B. G. It is a fictional exposé of the underworld cousin goons Bethanagere Seena and Bethanagere Shankara who are based in the North Bangalore region called Bethanagere.	Bettanagere	2015
publication date	So You Want to Be in Pictures is a 1947 one-reel short in the Joe McDoakes series.	So You Want to Be in Pictures	1947
publication date	Vaathiyaar Veettu Pillai (English: Son from Teacher's house) is a 1989 Tamil film directed by P Vasu.	Vaathiyaar Veettu Pillai	1989
publication date	Once a Jolly Swagman is a 1949 British film starring Dirk Bogarde, Bonar Colleano, Bill Owen, Thora Hird and Sid James.	Once a Jolly Swagman	1949
publication date	Mamatheya Madilu (Kannada: ಮಮತೆಯ ಮಡಿಲು) is a 1985 Indian Kannada film, directed by Eeranki Sharma and produced by J Chandulal Jain.	Mamatheya Madilu	1985
publication date	Dark Circles is a 2013 horror film starring Johnathon Schaech and Pell James.	Dark Circles	2013
publication date	The Falcon in Mexico is a 1944 film which was the ninth of sixteen films in the Falcon series.	The Falcon in Mexico	1944
publication date	Little Big League is a 1994 family sports film about a 12-year-old who suddenly becomes the owner and then manager of the Minnesota Twins baseball team.	Little Big League	1994
publication date	Adventure in the Bronx is a 1941 American short documentary film.	Adventure in the Bronx	1941
publication date	Prem Pinda (Nepali: प्रेम पिन्ड) is a breakthrough, first historic 1995 Nepali film directed by Yadav Kharel and produced by actor Neer Shah.	Prem Pinda	1995
publication date	The Gatling Gun originally titled King Gun is a Western shot in 1969 in New Mexico that features then New Mexico Governor David Cargo in a small role.	The Gatling Gun	1969
publication date	Crimes of Fashion is a 2004 telefilm that aired on July 25, 2004 on ABC Family.	Crimes of Fashion	2004
publication date	Achante Aanmakkal is a 2012 Malayalam film directed by Chandrasekharan, starring Sarath Kumar, Meghna Raj and Nedumudi Venu in the lead roles.	Achante Aanmakkal	2012
publication date	Marvel One-Shots are a series of direct-to-video short films produced by Marvel Studios, set within the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), released from 2011 to 2014.	Marvel One-Shots	2011
publication date	Boarding House Blues is a 1948 American race film directed by Josh Binney.	Boarding House Blues	1948
publication date	Gutshot Straight is a 2014 American action, thriller directed by Justin Steele and starring George Eads, AnnaLynne McCord, Stephen Lang, Steven Seagal, Tia Carrere, Vinnie Jones, Ted Levine, and Fiona Dourif.	Gutshot Straight	2014
publication date	Where's My Cow? was released on 23 September 2005, to coincide with Thud!.	Where's My Cow?	2005
publication date	Chupi Chupi Aashey (Silently he comes) is a 1960 Bengali murder mystery film.	Chupi Chupi Aashey	1960
publication date	Proud American is a 2008 biographical drama film released by Slowhand Cinema in both conventional 35mm and IMAX format.	Proud American	2008
publication date	Daasa (Kannada: ದಾಸ) is a 2003 Kannada action film directed and written by P. N. Satya.	Daasa	2003
publication date	In December 2011, the SproutCore 2.0 framework was renamed to Ember.js, to reduce confusion between the application framework and the widget library of SproutCore 1.0.	Ember.js	2011
publication date	Once Upon a Time There Lived a Simple Woman (Russian: Жила-была одна баба; Zhila-byla odna baba) is a 2011 film by writer/director Andrey Smirnov.	Once Upon a Time There Lived a Simple Woman	2011
publication date	Lala's Gun (Chinese: 滚拉拉的枪; pinyin: Gun Lala De Qiang) is a 2008 film about the coming-of-age of a young boy as a member of China's Miao ethnic minority.	Lala's Gun	2008
publication date	When Harvey Met Bob is a 2010 television film, written by Joe Dunlop, dramatising the relationship between musician Bob Geldof and concert promoter Harvey Goldsmith as they organize the massive fundraising concert Live Aid in 1985.	When Harvey Met Bob	2010
publication date	Overnight is a 2003 documentary by Tony Montana and Mark Brian Smith.	Overnight	2003
publication date	I Remember Everything, Richard (Latvian: Es visu atceros, Ričard) is a 1966 film produced during Soviet period at the Riga Film Studio.	I Remember Everything, Richard	1966
publication date	The Rumperbutts is a 2015 American musical comedy written and directed by Marc Brener, starring Kori Gardner and Jason Hammel of the indie pop duo Mates of State, as well as Vanessa Ray, Josh Brener and Arian Moayed.	The Rumperbutts	2015
publication date	Chinna Raja is a 1999 Tamil language film directed and produced by Chitra Lakshmanan.	Chinna Raja	1999
publication date	Rhestr Nadolig Wil (Wil's Christmas List) is a Welsh language television film first broadcast in 2008 on S4C.	Rhestr Nadolig Wil	2008
publication date	Sala Budha (Odia: ଶଲା ବୁଢା English: The Stupid old man) is a 2012 released Indian regional (Odia language) movie which won National award and acclaimed as one of the best movie by many critics.The movie is based on an ancient village story (Loka Katha).	Sala Budha	2012
publication date	Maha Maha (Tamil: மகா மகா, English: Great Great) is a 2015 Indian Tamil romantic thriller film directed by Mathivanan Sakthivel.	Maha Maha	2015
publication date	Heera Panna (Hindi: हीरा पन्ना) is a 1973 Hindi film.	Heera Panna	1973
publication date	Madhu Chandra (Kannada: ಮಧುಚಂದ್ರ) is a 1979 Indian Kannada film, directed by Ramesh-Shivaram.	Madhu Chandra	1979
publication date	Jimmy Zip is a 1996 short film starring Alyssa Milano, Spalding Gray and Justin Whalin.	Jimmy Zip	1996
publication date	Chithrakoodam is a 2003 Indian Malayalam film, directed by MS Pradeep Kumar, starring Abhinay and Jagadish in the lead role.	Chithrakoodam	2003
publication date	On the Trail with Miss Snail Pail is a 2009 short documentary film that follows Colleen Flanigan, aka Miss Snail Pail, as she provides a snail removal service that recycles the garden pests into food.	On the Trail with Miss Snail Pail	2009
publication date	Traces of a Black Haired Girl (Serbo-Croatian: Tragovi crne devojke) is a 1972 Yugoslav film directed by Zdravko Randić.	Traces of a Black Haired Girl	1972
publication date	Three Steps Above Heaven (Spanish: Tres Metros Sobre el Cielo, literally ``Three Metres Above Heaven'') is a 2010 Spanish film based on the novel of the same name by Federico Moccia.	Three Steps Above Heaven	2010
publication date	Bright Red is the title of performance artist Laurie Anderson's sixth album, released by Warner Bros. in 1994.	Bright Red	1994
publication date	Guinness World Records, known from its inception in 1955 until 1998 as The Guinness Book of Records and in previous U.S. editions as The Guinness Book of World Records, is a reference book published annually, listing world records, both human achievements and the extremes of the natural world.	Guinness World Records	1955
publication date	Master Hands is a 1936 sponsored documentary film short which shows what work is like in a Chevrolet automobile factory.	Master Hands	1936
publication date	Mindscape/Le paysagiste is a 1976 pinscreen animation short film by Jacques Drouin, produced by the National Film Board of Canada.	Mindscape/Le paysagiste	1976
publication date	Star Spangled Salesman is a 1968 short film produced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury to promote the sale of Savings Bonds.	Star Spangled Salesman	1968
publication date	Held for Damages is a 1916 American short silent comedy film, directed by Jack Harvey.	Held for Damages	1916
publication date	Cherish in Love (Chinese: 爱你不等来生) is a 2014 Chinese romance film directed by Wang Anqing.	Cherish in Love	2014
publication date	Ohun Oko Somida is a 2010 Nigerian film written and produced by Sola Sobowale.	Ohun Oko Somida	2010
publication date	Mulher Objeto is a 1981 Brazilian erotic film directed by Silvio de Abreu.	Mulher Objeto	1981
publication date	Splendor in the Grass is a 1961 Technicolor romantic drama film that tells a story of a teenage girl navigating her feelings of sexual repression, love, and heartbreak.	Splendor in the Grass	1961
publication date	The Heart of Steel is a documentary directed by Angelo J. Guglielmo, Jr. and had its World Premiere at The Tribeca Film Festival in May, 2006.	The Heart of Steel	2006
publication date	The Man Who Will Come (Italian: L'uomo che verrà) is an Italian film released in 2009.	The Man Who Will Come	2009
publication date	Live at Rome Olympic Stadium is a live album and video by English alternative rock band Muse, which was released on 29 November 2013 in the CD/DVD and Blu-ray formats.	Live at Rome Olympic Stadium	2013
record label	On Your Radar was recorded from August 2010 until September 2011, and released under the record license to Fascination Records a sub-label of Polydor Records.	On Your Radar	Polydor Records
record label	Elvis Perkins in Dearland is the second studio album by Elvis Perkins, and his first with backing band Elvis Perkins in Dearland, released on March 10, 2009, on XL Recordings.	Elvis Perkins in Dearland	XL Recordings
record label	Morning Noon Night is Jim Guthrie's second album on Three Gut Records.	Morning Noon Night	Three Gut Records
record label	The Infotainment Scan is 15th album by The Fall, released in 1993 on Permanent Records in the UK and by Matador Records in the US.	The Infotainment Scan	Matador Records
record label	New Arrangement is an album by Jackie DeShannon, released by Columbia Records (PC 33500) in 1975.	New Arrangement	Columbia Records
record label	On the Threshold of a Dream is the fourth album by The Moody Blues, released in 1969 through Deram Records.	On the Threshold of a Dream	Deram Records
record label	``Don't Stand Another Chance'' was released as the lead single from Dream Street on August 13, 1984 by A&M Records.	Don't Stand Another Chance	A&M Records
record label	``Some Things You Never Get Used To'' is a song released in 1968 by Diana Ross & the Supremes on the Motown label.	Some Things You Never Get Used To	Motown
record label	The Leadstar is the second solo album by Sonata Arctica guitarist Elias Viljanen released by Lion Music.	The Leadstar	Lion Music
record label	After three years of anticipation, Los Amigos Invisibles released their album, Commercial, in a joint effort between Gozadera Records and Nacional Records.	Los Amigos Invisibles	Nacional Records
record label	On the 13th Day is the 17th studio album from the rock group Magnum (including Keeping the Nite Light Burning and ignoring Evolution), which was released in September 2012, under the label of Steamhammer Records/SPV.	On the 13th Day	SPV
record label	Rome Remains Rome is the fifth album by Holger Czukay, released in 1987 through Virgin Records.	Rome Remains Rome	Virgin Records
record label	Čudna noč is an album by Slovenian a cappella band Perpetuum Jazzile released in 2006 by Dallas Records.	Čudna noč	Dallas Records
record label	Bird's Eye View (album) is the debut full-length album by singer-songwriter Amy Kuney, which was released August 12, 2008 by Spin Move Records.	Bird's Eye View (album)	Spin Move Records
record label	``100 Yard Dash'' is a song by American recording artist Raphael Saadiq, released as a single on March 30, 2009, by Columbia Records.	100 Yard Dash	Columbia Records
record label	The Queen and the Dreams (Chinese: 皇后与梦想) is the debut studio album of Chinese singer Li Yuchun, released on September 15, 2006, by Taihe Rye Music.	The Queen and the Dreams	Taihe Rye Music
record label	Lieberman's long-time record label,New York Jewish indie label JDub Records went out of business shortly after the release of The Rabbi Is Dead.	The Rabbi Is Dead	JDub Records
record label	Livin' in the Fast Lane is the fourth studio album by the American hip hop group The Sugarhill Gang, released in 1984 on Sugar Hill Records.	Livin' in the Fast Lane	Sugar Hill Records
record label	Supersonic Guitars in 3-D is the seventh studio album by American instrumental rock band Los Straitjackets, released on September 9, 2003 by Yep Roc Records.	Supersonic Guitars in 3-D	Yep Roc Records
record label	Simply Nothing is the debut album by singer/songwriter Shawn McDonald on Sparrow Records released August 10, 2004.	Simply Nothing	Sparrow Records
record label	``Praying for Time'' is a song written and performed by George Michael, released on Epic Records in 1990.	Praying for Time	Epic Records
record label	Before Turning the Gun on Himself is the eighth stand-up comedy album by Doug Stanhope, released on November 6, 2012, by Roadrunner Records.	Before Turning the Gun on Himself	Roadrunner Records
record label	Three days later Pink Floyd signed with EMI, receiving a £5,000 advance.	Pink Floyd	EMI
record label	I Kalomira Paei Cinema is a concept album by the popular Greek-American singer Kalomira that was released on December 7, 2006 by Heaven Music.	I Kalomira Paei Cinema	Heaven Music
record label	The 5000 Spirits or the Layers of the Onion is the second album by the Scottish psychedelic folk group, The Incredible String Band (ISB), and was released in July 1967 on Elektra Records (see 1967 in music).	The 5000 Spirits or the Layers of the Onion	Elektra Records
record label	On Every Street is the sixth and final studio album by British rock band Dire Straits, released on 10 September 1991 by Vertigo Records internationally, and by Warner Bros. Records in the United States.	On Every Street	Vertigo Records
record label	Peace on Earth, War on Stage is a 7`` vinyl E.P. released by Philadelphia hardcore band Blacklisted on Deathwish Inc..	Peace on Earth, War on Stage	Deathwish Inc.
record label	Gafieira Universal is the second album by Brazilian Funk band Banda Black Rio released in 1978 vinyl format by RCA Records (103.0268) and reissued in 1993.	Gafieira Universal	RCA Records
record label	King of the Kounty is an album by rap artist Shortyo released on October 13, 2009, on Affiliated Entertainment Group / Koch Entertainment.	King of the Kounty	Koch Entertainment
record label	``What She Doesn't Know'' is a 7`` single by American singer-songwriter Nina Nastasia, released on February 25, 2008 by Fat Cat Records.	What She Doesn't Know	Fat Cat Records
record label	In with the Out Crowd is the sixth studio album by American ska-punk band Less Than Jake, released on May 23, 2006 on Sire Records.	In with the Out Crowd	Sire Records
record label	``(Come 'Round Here) I'm the One You Need'' is a 1966 hit single by Motown group The Miracles, released on Motown Records' Tamla label.	(Come 'Round Here) I'm the One You Need	Motown
record label	The Song You Heard When You Fell in Love was an LP album issued by Atlantic Records in 1958, featuring vocalist Betty Johnson.	The Song You Heard When You Fell in Love	Atlantic Records
record label	Four songs were included as bonus tracks to the single release of ``Vilaiyaadu Mankatha'', all of which were part of earlier soundtracks by Yuvan Shankar Raja and were marketed by Sony Music Entertainment.	Vilaiyaadu Mankatha	Sony Music Entertainment
record label	Terrorhawk is the second and final album by the post-hardcore band Bear vs. Shark, released in 2005 by Equal Vision Records.	Terrorhawk	Equal Vision Records
record label	Réservé aux indiens (Only Indians allowed) is a compilation of unreleased songs by French rocker Alain Bashung, issued in early 1993 on Barclay Records as part of the reissues of Bashung material on CD format.	Réservé aux indiens	Barclay Records
record label	Never Take Friendship Personal is the second album by the alternative rock band Anberlin, released on February 1, 2005 on Tooth & Nail Records.	Never Take Friendship Personal	Tooth & Nail Records
record label	Neuromance (stylized as ://Neuromance) is the debut studio album by Italian industrial rock band Dope Stars Inc. and is also the first project by the band released under the Trisol Music Group label.	Neuromance	Trisol Music Group
record label	Sex-O Olympic-O is the fifth album by the Revolting Cocks, released on March 3, 2009 through 13th Planet Records.	Sex-O Olympic-O	13th Planet Records
record label	In 1981, at the age of 11, Luis Miguel released his first album, Un Sol, by the Mexican branch of EMI Records.	Luis Miguel	EMI
record label	Ruiner, released on August 16, 2005 through Nitro Records, is the second full-length album from the Massachusetts-based melodic hardcore band A Wilhelm Scream, since changing their name from Smackin' Isaiah in 2002.	Ruiner	Nitro Records
record label	The High Road is the second studio album by American singer JoJo, released on October 17, 2006 by Da Family Entertainment, Blackground Records, and Universal Records.	The High Road	Blackground Records
record label	Done by the Forces of Nature is the second studio album by American hip hop group Jungle Brothers, released on November 7, 1989 by Warner Bros. Records.	Done by the Forces of Nature	Warner Bros. Records
record label	+'Justments is a 1974 album by Bill Withers, released by Sussex Records.	+'Justments	Sussex Records
record label	Just like the two preceding Stars on 45 albums The Superstars was also issued in the Soviet Union and large parts of the Eastern Bloc by state-owned label Melodiya, credited to Stars on 45 but released under the title Discotheque Stars 3.	The Superstars	Melodiya
record label	``Incredibilmente donna'' - a song by French singer Amanda Lear released in 1982 by Ariola Records.	Incredibilmente donna	Ariola Records
record label	On September 13, 2013 Immanuel Casto published his seventh studio album ``Freak & Chic'',from which are extrapolate singles Tropicanal, Sexual Navigator, feat. drag queen Minerva Lowenthal, and Sognando Cracovia, the last one is the second collaboration with Falconi, and named their collective 2014--2015 tour.	Immanuel Casto	Freak & Chic
record label	Piece of Mind is the fourth studio album by the English heavy metal band Iron Maiden, originally released in 1983 by EMI and then by Capitol in Canada and the US, where it was later reissued by Sanctuary/Columbia Records.	Piece of Mind	EMI
record label	Under a Shady Tree is the Two Tomatoes Records and Capitol Records album by children's musician Laurie Berkner.	Under a Shady Tree	Capitol Records
record label	Add to the Beauty, a contemporary Christian album, is the fourth studio album and fifth album overall by Sara Groves.	Add to the Beauty	Sara Groves
record label	You Had It Coming is the eighth studio album by guitarist Jeff Beck, released on 6 February 2001 through Epic Records.	You Had It Coming	Epic Records
record label	``Baby, Baby I Need You'' is a 1963 song recorded by The Temptations for the Gordy (Motown) label.	Baby, Baby I Need You	Motown
record label	Open Our Eyes is the fifth studio album by Earth, Wind & Fire, released in 1974 on Columbia Records.	Open Our Eyes	Columbia Records
record label	Da Game Is to Be Sold, Not to Be Told is the third studio album by American rapper Snoop Dogg; it was released, by No Limit Records on August 4, 1998 in the United States.	Da Game Is to Be Sold, Not to Be Told	No Limit Records
record label	Platinum Jazz is a double album, the ninth studio album by War, released on Blue Note Records in 1976.	Platinum Jazz	Blue Note Records
record label	``Warum'' (German: Why), was the name of the fourth single of German pop/rock group Juli.	Warum	Juli
record label	Bad Day for Trains is the second studio album by Canadian country music singer/songwriter Patricia Conroy, and was released in 1992 by Warner Music Canada.	Bad Day for Trains	Warner Music Canada
record label	A King & Two Queens is an album by American country music artist George Jones and features duets with Melba Montgomery and Judy Lynn, released in 1964 on the United Artists Records.	A King & Two Queens	United Artists Records
record label	Strings to a Web is the 19th studio album by the German heavy metal band Rage, released in Europe on February 5 2009 through Nuclear Blast Records.	Strings to a Web	Nuclear Blast
record label	One Day It Will Please Us to Remember Even This was released by Roadrunner Records on July 24, 2006, in the United Kingdom and July 25 in the United States.	One Day It Will Please Us to Remember Even This	Roadrunner Records
record label	Good Arrows is the English band Tunng's third album, released in August 2007 on Full Time Hobby in the UK and Thrill Jockey in the U.S. and Canada.	Good Arrows	Full Time Hobby
record label	Listen to Little Red is the debut studio album by Australian rock band Little Red, released through Shock Records on 28 June 2008.	Listen to Little Red	Shock Records
record label	Bar/None Records promoted ``Purple Toupee'' by pasting fake labels on 8-track tapes by other artists.	Purple Toupee	Bar/None Records
record label	Troops of Tomorrow is the second album by the punk rock band The Exploited, released in 1982 through Secret Records.	Troops of Tomorrow	Secret Records
record label	Star People is a 1983 album recorded by Miles Davis and issued by Columbia Records.	Star People	Columbia Records
record label	Of Sound Mind is the second album by Los Angeles-based metal band Ancestors, released on October 6, 2009 by Tee Pee Records.	Of Sound Mind	Tee Pee Records
record label	Up on the Downs is the first solo record by DJ Rob Smith, and his first release on Grand Central Records independent record label.	Up on the Downs	Grand Central Records
record label	Love You Just The Same is a 2003 rock album by Texan rock band Centro-Matic.	Love You Just The Same	Centro-Matic
record label	``Sanctified Lady'' is a song by American soul singer Marvin Gaye, released posthumously in 1985 by Columbia Records.	Sanctified Lady	Columbia Records
record label	Dear Independence is the second album by the Danish blues rock group The Blue Van, released in 2006 under TVT Records.	Dear Independence	TVT Records
record label	Peacetika is the fourth studio album by the Minneapolis-based noise rock band Cows, released in March 1991 by Amphetamine Reptile Records.	Peacetika	Amphetamine Reptile Records
record label	It's All on U, Vol. 2 is the fourth studio album by American rapper B.G., released on November 11, 1997, on Cash Money Records.	It's All on U, Vol. 2	Cash Money Records
record label	I Will Survive (Doin' It My Way) is the second studio album by American R&B singer-songwriter Chantay Savage, released March 1996 on RCA Records.	I Will Survive (Doin' It My Way)	RCA Records
record label	Arrive Without Travelling, released in 1985, is the second album by The Three O'Clock, and their I.R.S. Records debut.	Arrive Without Travelling	I.R.S. Records
record label	Loud Planes Fly Low is the fifth album by the American band The Rosebuds, released in 2011 on Merge Records.	Loud Planes Fly Low	Merge Records
record label	Workin' Overtime is the seventeenth studio album by American singer Diana Ross, released on June 6, 1989 by Motown.	Workin' Overtime	Motown
record label	Join Dan Sartain is the fourth album by the Birmingham, Alabama rock musician Dan Sartain, released in 2006 by Swami Records.	Join Dan Sartain	Swami Records
record label	Hard to Hit is the third album released by rapper Big Mike, which was released on May 25, 1999, on Rap-a-Lot Records and was produced by Mike B., Mike Dean, and Mr. Lee.	Hard to Hit	Rap-a-Lot Records
record label	Sans attendre (meaning Without Waiting) is a French-language studio album by Canadian singer Celine Dion, released by Columbia Records on November 2, 2012.	Sans attendre	Columbia Records
record label	In 1992, it was reissued on Taang! Records under the title The First Seven Inches...	The First Seven Inches	Taang! Records
record label	All the Roadrunning is a collaborative album by British singer-songwriter and guitarist Mark Knopfler and American singer-songerwriter Emmylou Harris, released on 24 April 2006 by Mercury Records and Universal Music internationally, and by Warner Bros. Records in the United States.	All the Roadrunning	Mercury Records
record label	Life on a Plate was re-released in the United States the following year by Epitaph Records on March 26, 1996.	Life on a Plate	Epitaph Records
record label	With Teeth (stylized as (WITH_TEETH)) is the fourth studio album by American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails, released on May 3, 2005, by Interscope Records.	With Teeth	Interscope Records
record label	Hidden Things is an album by Australian folk rock group Paul Kelly & the Messengers released in May 1992 on Mushroom Records, which reached No. 29 on the ARIA Albums Chart.	Hidden Things	Mushroom Records
record label	Unfinished Monkey Business is the debut solo album by Ian Brown released in February 1998 via Polydor Records.	Unfinished Monkey Business	Polydor Records
record label	Milk Cow Blues is an album from American country singer Willie Nelson, released on September 19, 2000 on the Island Records label.	Milk Cow Blues	Island Records
record label	Superhero Music was the second album by Fingathing, released on Grand Central Records in June 2002.	Superhero Music	Grand Central Records
record label	Bloodrock 2 is the second album by the Texas hard rock band Bloodrock, released on Capitol Records in 1970 and produced by Terry Knight.	Bloodrock 2	Capitol Records
record label	Georgiavania is the debut album by American underground hip hop artists Jneiro Jarel and Khujo under the moniker Willie Isz, released on Lex Records on June 15, 2009.	Georgiavania	Lex Records
record label	Singer of Sad Songs is a 1970 album by Waylon Jennings, released on RCA Records.	Singer of Sad Songs	RCA Records
record label	``You'll See'' was released on October 30, 1995 by Maverick Records as the first single from the album.	You'll See	Maverick Records
record label	``Runaway Child, Running Wild'' (shown as ``Run Away Child, Running Wild'' on the label of the original single) is a 1969 hit single for the Gordy (Motown) label, performed by The Temptations and produced by Norman Whitfield.	Runaway Child, Running Wild	Motown
record label	Whatever Gets You Off is the major label debut by Chicago based hard rock band The Last Vegas, released on April 14, 2009, on Nikki Sixx's Eleven Seven Music label.	Whatever Gets You Off	Eleven Seven Music
record label	Tinnitus Sanctus is the eighth studio album by German power metal band Edguy, released on November 14, 2008 on Nuclear Blast.	Tinnitus Sanctus	Nuclear Blast
record label	Red Dirt Road is the eighth studio album for country duo Brooks & Dunn, released in 2003 on Arista Nashville.	Red Dirt Road	Arista Nashville
record label	``Il sole di domenica'' is a single by Italian singer Dolcenera, released by EMI Music on 8 April 2011.	Il sole di domenica	EMI
record label	Pretzel Logic is the third studio album by the American rock band Steely Dan, released on February 20, 1974, by ABC Records.	Pretzel Logic	ABC Records
record label	Asianblue is the seventh album by Emm Gryner, released in 2002 on Gryner's independent Dead Daisy Records.	Asianblue	Dead Daisy Records
record label	A Shared Dream is the debut Japanese studio album by South Korean boy band U-KISS, released in February 29, 2012 by Avex Trax.	A Shared Dream	Avex Trax
record label	The Years of Decay is the fourth studio album by thrash metal band Overkill, released on October 13, 1989 through Atlantic and Megaforce Records.	The Years of Decay	Megaforce Records
record label	Thelonious Himself is a studio album by Thelonious Monk released in 1957 via Riverside Records, his fourth for the label.	Thelonious Himself	Riverside Records
record label	Sorry for Partyin' is Bowling for Soup's eighth studio album, and sixth and final album with Jive Records.	Sorry for Partyin'	Jive Records
record label	``The Disco Before the Breakdown'' is the first single by the Gainesville, Florida-based punk rock band Against Me!, released in November 2002 by No Idea Records.	The Disco Before the Breakdown	No Idea Records
record label	Atavachron is the fourth studio album by guitarist Allan Holdsworth, released in 1986 through Enigma Records (United States) and JMS--	Atavachron	Enigma Records
record label	Blackjazz is the fifth studio album by the Norwegian band Shining, released through Indie Recordings on 18 January 2010.	Blackjazz	Indie Recordings
record label	Last Word Spoken is the second album by punk rock band One Man Army, which was released in 2000 through Adeline Records.	Last Word Spoken	Adeline Records
series	``Operation Righteous Cowboy Lightning'' is the twelfth episode of the fifth season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock.	Operation Righteous Cowboy Lightning	30 Rock
series	Angel Fire East is the third and final novel in the Word & Void series by Terry Brooks, written as a prequel to his Shannara series.	Angel Fire East	Word & Void series
series	``The Duchess Assignment'' is the 21st episode of the 1960s Supermarionation television series Thunderbirds.	The Duchess Assignment	Thunderbirds
series	Tom and Chérie is a 1955 one reel animated Tom and Jerry short directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera and produced by Fred Quimby with music by Scott Bradley.	Tom and Chérie	Tom and Jerry
series	Battle of the Giants! is the first special Christmas episode of the British comedy series Dad's Army that was originally transmitted on Monday 27 December 1971.	Battle of the Giants!	Dad's Army
series	``Objects at Rest'' is the penultimate episode from the fifth season of the science-fiction television series Babylon 5.	Objects at Rest	Babylon 5
series	The Kidnap Murder Case is a 1936 murder mystery novel by S. S. Van Dine, the tenth of twelve books featuring fictional detective Philo Vance.	The Kidnap Murder Case	Philo Vance
series	``Human Flesh'' is the pilot episode of the animated television series Bob's Burgers.	Human Flesh	Bob's Burgers
series	``Robin's Reckoning'' is a two-part episode of the critically acclaimed Batman: The Animated Series.	Robin's Reckoning	Batman: The Animated Series
series	A Stripe for Frazer is an episode in the British comedy series Dad's Army.	A Stripe for Frazer	Dad's Army
series	A Lion Walks Among Us is a 1961 episode of the TV anthology drama Bus Stop which was highly controversial because of its depiction of violence.	A Lion Walks Among Us	Bus Stop
series	The Deep Blue Good-by is the first of 21 novels in the Travis McGee series by American author John D. MacDonald.	The Deep Blue Good-by	Travis McGee
series	The Mark of Athena is the third book of The Heroes of Olympus series by Rick Riordan, released on October 2, 2012.	The Mark of Athena	The Heroes of Olympus
series	``Family Scrapbook'' is the final episode of the iconic American television series Leave It to Beaver.	Family Scrapbook	Leave It to Beaver
series	``Beware My Cheating Bart'' is the eighteenth episode of the twenty-third season of the animated sitcom The Simpsons.	Beware My Cheating Bart	The Simpsons
series	``The Infinite Vulcan'' is the seventh episode of the first season of the American animated science fiction television series Star Trek: The Animated Series.	The Infinite Vulcan	Star Trek: The Animated Series
series	``Last of the Time Lords'' is the thirteenth and final episode of the third series of the revived British science fiction television series Doctor Who.	Last of the Time Lords	Doctor Who
series	``Do-Over'' is the first episode of the third season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock, and the thirty-seventh episode overall.	Do-Over	30 Rock
series	``Whistle While Your Wife Works'' is the fifth episode of season five of Family Guy, the last episode produced for Season 4.	Whistle While Your Wife Works	Family Guy
series	``What They Died For'' is the 16th and penultimate episode of the American Broadcasting Company's final season of the serial drama television series Lost and 119th and penultimate episode overall.	What They Died For	Lost
series	``Daughter's Hand'' is the third episode of Season 8 and 203rd episode overall of the American animated television series Beavis and Butt-head.	Daughter's Hand	Beavis and Butt-head
series	``Death Has a Shadow'' is the pilot episode of the animated series Family Guy.	Death Has a Shadow	Family Guy
series	Neapolitan Mouse is a 1954 one-reel animated Tom and Jerry short directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera and produced by Fred Quimby with music by Scott Bradley.	Neapolitan Mouse	Tom and Jerry
series	``Pride, Pomp and Circumstance'' is the sixth episode of the first season of the American television drama series Hell on Wheels, which aired on December 11, 2011 on AMC.	Pride, Pomp and Circumstance	Hell on Wheels
series	``Bart Star'' is the sixth episode of the ninth season of the animated television series The Simpsons, which originally aired on Fox in the United States on November 9, 1997.	Bart Star	The Simpsons
series	Jandar of Callisto is a science fiction novel written by Lin Carter, the first in his Callisto series.	Jandar of Callisto	Callisto series
series	``Medicinal Fried Chicken'' is the third episode of the fourteenth season of the American animated television series South Park, and the 198th episode of the series overall.	Medicinal Fried Chicken	South Park
series	``The Parking Garage'' is the 23rd episode of the situation comedy Seinfeld.	The Parking Garage	Seinfeld
series	``Fur and Loathing'' is the fifth episode in the fourth season of the television series, CSI: Crime Scene Investigation.	Fur and Loathing	CSI: Crime Scene Investigation
series	The Remorseful Day is a crime novel by Colin Dexter, the last novel in the Inspector Morse series.	The Remorseful Day	Inspector Morse
series	``Five Characters in Search of an Exit'' is episode 79 of the television series The Twilight Zone.	Five Characters in Search of an Exit	The Twilight Zone
series	Death in Silver is a Doc Savage pulp novel by Lester Dent writing under the house name Kenneth Robeson.	Death in Silver	Doc Savage
series	``The Parent Rap'' is the second episode and official premiere of the thirteenth season of The Simpsons.	The Parent Rap	The Simpsons
series	``Reversals of Fortune'' is the 44th episode of the CW television series, Gossip Girl and the third season premiere.	Reversals of Fortune	Gossip Girl
series	``Doctor Bashir, I Presume?'' is the 114th episode of the syndicated American science fiction television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, the 16th episode of the fifth season.	Doctor Bashir, I Presume?	Star Trek: Deep Space Nine
series	The Daewoo Nubira is a compact car that was produced by South Korean automaker Daewoo from 1997 to 2002 as a sedan, hatchback, and wagon.	Daewoo Nubira	compact car
series	Framley Parsonage is the fourth novel in Anthony Trollope's series known as the Chronicles of Barsetshire.	Framley Parsonage	Chronicles of Barsetshire
series	``Tweek x Craig'' is the sixth episode of the nineteenth season and the 263rd overall episode of the animated television series South Park, written and directed by series co-creator Trey Parker.	Tweek x Craig	South Park
series	``The Problem of Thor Bridge'' is a Sherlock Holmes murder mystery by Arthur Conan Doyle in The Case-Book of Sherlock Holmes, first published in 1922 in The Strand Magazine.	The Problem of Thor Bridge	The Case-Book of Sherlock Holmes
series	``The Exercise of Vital Powers'' is an episode from the fourth season of the science fiction television series Babylon 5.	The Exercise of Vital Powers	Babylon 5
series	Bet on the Saint is the title of an unpublished novel by Fleming Lee (credited to Leslie Charteris), featuring the character of criminal-turned-detective Simon Templar (alias ``The Saint''), created by Charteris in 1928.	Bet on the Saint	Simon Templar
series	Second Foundation consists of two previously published novellas originally published in appearing in Astounding Magazine (with different titles) between 1948 and 1950, making this the third volume in Asimov's Foundation series.	Second Foundation	Foundation series
series	``Looking for par'Mach in All the Wrong Places'' is the third episode of the fifth season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, originally airing on October 14, 1995 in broadcast syndication.	Looking for par'Mach in All the Wrong Places	Star Trek: Deep Space Nine
series	``The Dance of Dragons'' is the ninth episode in the fifth season of HBO's fantasy television series Game of Thrones, and the 49th overall.	The Dance of Dragons	Game of Thrones
series	``Girly Edition'' is the twenty-first episode of the ninth season of the animated television series The Simpsons.	Girly Edition	The Simpsons
series	The Dragon Reborn (abbreviated as tDR by fans) is the third book of American author Robert Jordan's fantasy series The Wheel of Time.	The Dragon Reborn	The Wheel of Time
series	``Steve Burdick'' is an episode of the 1990 NBC television series Lifestories, an anthology drama that each week followed a new set of characters dealing with a medical issue.	Steve Burdick	Lifestories
series	``The One with Monica and Chandler's Wedding'' is a double length episode of the television sitcom Friends.	The One with Monica and Chandler's Wedding	Friends
series	The Cybernauts is the third episode of the fourth series of the 1960s cult British spy-fi television series The Avengers, starring Patrick Macnee and Diana Rigg.	The Cybernauts	The Avengers
series	The Innocent Mage is the first book in the Kingmaker, Kingbreaker fantasy series written by Australian author Karen Miller.	The Innocent Mage	Kingmaker, Kingbreaker
series	Cyborg IV was published after Caidin's original novel was adapted into a television series entitled The Six Million Dollar Man.	Cyborg IV	The Six Million Dollar Man
series	The Island of Frozen Seas is the second album of Thorgal, a European comic book series, written by a Belgian writer Jean Van Hamme and the Polish graphic artist Grzegorz Rosiński.	The Island of Frozen Seas	Thorgal
series	``Good Crazy'' is the 22nd episode of the seventh season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother, and the 158th episode overall.	Good Crazy	How I Met Your Mother
series	L.A. Confidential (1990) is neo-noir novel by James Ellroy, and the third of his L.A. Quartet series.	L.A. Confidential	L.A. Quartet
series	Robin Hood Daffy is a 1958 Warner Bros. Pictures, Inc theatrical cartoon comedy short, part of the Merrie Melodies series, directed by Chuck Jones and written by Michael Maltese.	Robin Hood Daffy	Merrie Melodies
series	``A No-Rough-Stuff-Type Deal'' is the seventh episode and season finale of the first season of the American television drama series Breaking Bad.	A No-Rough-Stuff-Type Deal	Breaking Bad
series	``Tales of a Third Grade Nothing'' is the sixth episode of the seventh season of Family Guy that aired on November 16, 2008 and ended the first half of the season.	Tales of a Third Grade Nothing	Family Guy
series	Robin Hoodwinked is a 1958 one reel animated Tom and Jerry short released after the MGM cartoon studio had effectively closed down.	Robin Hoodwinked	Tom and Jerry
series	Little Red Riding Rabbit is a 1944 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies cartoon, directed by Friz Freleng, and starring Bugs Bunny.	Little Red Riding Rabbit	Merrie Melodies
series	``Wonder-ful'' is the twenty-first episode of the fourth season of the American musical television series Glee, and the eighty-seventh episode overall.	Wonder-ful	Glee
series	Dragon's Fire is a science fiction novel novel by the American-Irish author Anne McCaffrey and her son Todd McCaffrey, Published in 2006, it was the twentieth book in the Dragonriders of Pern series that she initiated in 1967.	Dragon's Fire	Dragonriders of Pern
series	``Asian Population Studies'' is the 12th episode of the second season of the American comedy television series Community, and the 37th episode of the series overall.	Asian Population Studies	Community
series	``Bart Stops to Smell the Roosevelts'' is the second episode of the twenty-third season of the animated comedy series The Simpsons.	Bart Stops to Smell the Roosevelts	The Simpsons
series	Shroud for a Nightingale is a 1971 detective novel written by PD James in her Adam Dalgliesh series.	Shroud for a Nightingale	Adam Dalgliesh
series	``The Suite Life Goes Hollywood'' is an hour-long episode of The Suite Life of Zack & Cody.	The Suite Life Goes Hollywood	The Suite Life of Zack & Cody
series	``The Opposite'' is the 86th episode of the NBC sitcom Seinfeld, which was also the 22nd episode of the fifth season.	The Opposite	Seinfeld
series	The Nine Tailors is a 1934 mystery novel by British writer Dorothy L. Sayers, her ninth featuring sleuth Lord Peter Wimsey.	The Nine Tailors	Lord Peter Wimsey
series	A Dark and Hungry God Arises (or officially The Gap into Power: A Dark and Hungry God Arises) is the third book of The Gap Cycle by Stephen R. Donaldson, a science fiction series.	A Dark and Hungry God Arises	The Gap Cycle
series	``Moms I'd Like to Forget'' is the tenth episode of The Simpsons' twenty-second season.	Moms I'd Like to Forget	The Simpsons
series	The Silver Spike is a spin-off novel from Glen Cook's The Black Company.	The Silver Spike	The Black Company
series	Irish Gold is the first of the Nuala Anne McGrail series of mystery novels by Roman Catholic priest and author Father Andrew M. Greeley.	Irish Gold	Nuala Anne McGrail series
series	``Kill Me Now'' is the third episode of the first season of the American comedy-drama series Gilmore Girls.	Kill Me Now	Gilmore Girls
series	``Rapture's Delight'' is the ninth episode of the sixth season of American Dad!.	Rapture's Delight	American Dad
series	Le gorille a bonne mine, written and drawn by Franquin, is the eleventh album of the Spirou et Fantasio series.	Le gorille a bonne mine	Spirou et Fantasio
sport	Pape Mbaye (born January 23, 1994) is a Senegalese basketball player who currently plays in Spain for Palencia Baloncesto of the LEB Oro, after spending a few seasons at Real Madrid.	Pape Mbaye	basketball
sport	Sandro Bertaggia (born 7 May 1964) is a former Swiss professional ice hockey defenceman who competed in ice hockey at the 1992 Winter Olympics as a member of the Switzerland men's national ice hockey team.	Sandro Bertaggia	ice hockey
sport	Cambridge Eagles Rugby League Club are a rugby league team representing the city of Cambridge, England.	Cambridge Eagles	rugby league
sport	OKK Spars Sarajevo is a Bosnian professional basketball team from Sarajevo.	OKK Spars Sarajevo	basketball
sport	Duško Ivanović (Cyrillic: Душко Ивановић; born September 1, 1957) is a Montenegrin former professional basketball player and current head coach of Bosnia and Herzegovina national basketball team.	Duško Ivanović	basketball
sport	Luke Quigley (born 20 July 1981) was an Australian rugby league reserve grade player who has previously played five seasons for the Newcastle Knights 2nd division team.	Luke Quigley	rugby league
sport	The Syed Modi International Badminton Championships is an international badminton tournament, which is held annually in India.	Syed Modi International Badminton Championships	badminton
sport	Vanja Babić (Serbian Cyrillic: Вања Бабић, born July 18, 1981) is a Serbian taekwondo athlete.	Vanja Babić	taekwondo
sport	Jamie Doornbosch (born February 1, 1990) is a Canadian ice hockey defenseman who played one game for the New York Islanders.	Jamie Doornbosch	ice hockey
sport	Harvey Grant (born July 4, 1965) is a retired American National Basketball Association basketball player.	Harvey Grant	basketball
sport	Agustín Velotti (born May 24, 1992 in Larroque, Entre Ríos) is an Argentine tennis player.	Agustín Velotti	tennis
sport	The 2011 CPISRA Football 7-a-side World Championships was the world championship for men's national 7-a-side association football teams.	2011 CPISRA Football 7-a-side World Championships	association football
sport	The Bossier-Shreveport Mudbugs were a professional ice hockey team which played in the Bossier City-Shreveport metropolitan area of Louisiana.	Bossier-Shreveport Mudbugs	ice hockey
sport	Chris Oti (born in London on 16 June 1965) is a former English rugby union footballer.	Chris Oti	rugby union
sport	Oriol Salvia (born 29 March 1975 in Barcelona) is a professional squash player from Spain.	Oriol Salvia	squash
sport	The 2008 Canadian Figure Skating Championships were a figure skating national championship held to determine the national champions of Canada for the 2007--08 figure skating season.	2008 Canadian Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Kony Ealy (born December 21, 1991) is an American football defensive end for the Carolina Panthers of the National Football League (NFL).	Kony Ealy	American football
sport	The 2014 Barcelona Open Banc Sabadell (also known as the Torneo Godó) is a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts.	2014 Barcelona Open Banc Sabadell	tennis
sport	Dana Tyrell (born April 23, 1989) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player currently playing under contract to the Columbus Blue Jackets of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Dana Tyrell	ice hockey
sport	The Sokolsky Opening (also known as the Orangutan or Polish) is an uncommon chess opening that begins with the move: 1.	Sokolsky Opening	chess
sport	The 2001 Eurocard Ladies German Open was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Rot-Weiss Tennis Club in Berlin in Germany and was part of Tier I of the 2001 WTA Tour.	2001 Eurocard Ladies German Open	tennis
sport	The Superliga Femenina de Voleibol (SFM) is the top level of women's volleyball in Spain.	Superliga Femenina de Voleibol	volleyball
sport	Simon Bodenmann (born 2 March 1988) is a Swiss professional ice hockey Forward who is currently playing for the SC Bern of the National League A (NLA).	Simon Bodenmann	ice hockey
sport	Olympiaschanze was a ski jumping venue in St. Moritz, Switzerland, it was built in 1926 and closed in 2006.	Olympiaschanze	ski jumping
sport	The 2006 Pavel Roman Memorial was the Pavel Roman Memorial competition for the 2006--2007 figure skating season.	2006 Pavel Roman Memorial	figure skating
sport	Yury Toshev (Bulgarian: Юрий Георгиев Тошев) (24 December 1907 -- 19 April 1974) was a Bulgarian chess master.	Yury Toshev	chess
sport	The Moldovan National Division (Romanian: Divizia Națională) is the top division of association football in Moldova.	Moldovan National Division	association football
sport	The 1985 CFL Draft composed of nine rounds where 81 Canadian football players were chosen from eligible Canadian universities and Canadian players playing in the NCAA.	1985 CFL Draft	Canadian football
sport	The Race of Champions is an international motorsport event held at the end of each year, featuring some of the world's best racing and rally drivers.	Race of Champions	motorsport
sport	Michele Mignani (born 30 April 1972 in Genoa) is an Italian association football former player, who currently works as a youth coach of Siena.	Michele Mignani	association football
sport	Bohumil Modrý (24 September 1916 -- 21 July 1963) was a goalie for the Czechoslovakia men's national ice hockey team which won the 1949 World Championship.	Bohumil Modrý	ice hockey
sport	The Algarve Cup is a global invitational tournament for national teams in women's association football hosted by the Portuguese Football Federation (FPF).	Algarve Cup	association football
sport	Maxime Mermoz (born 28 July 1986) is a French professional rugby union footballer currently playing for Toulon in the Top 14.	Maxime Mermoz	rugby union
sport	Dalibor Doder (Serbian Cyrillic: Далибор Додер; born 24 May 1979 in Malmö) is a Swedish handball player, who plays for the German club GWD Minden.	Dalibor Doder	handball
sport	Eberhard Schöler (born 22 December 1940) is a retired table tennis competitor from West Germany who won several medals at the world and European championships between 1962 and 1972.	Eberhard Schöler	table tennis
sport	John Moir (May 22, 1915 -- November 15, 1975) was a professional basketball player between 1938 and 1946 in the United States' National Basketball League.	John Moir	basketball
sport	Desiree Glaubitz (born 24 September 1979 in Traralgon) is an Australian basketball player, captain of the Bulleen Boomers in the Women's National Basketball League.	Desiree Glaubitz	basketball
sport	The 2005 Abierto Mexicano Telcel was both a men's and women's tennis tournament on the 2005 ATP and WTA Tours that was held in Acapulco, Mexico.	2005 Abierto Mexicano Telcel	tennis
sport	Jean-Marc Doussain (born 12 February 1991) is a French rugby union fly half.	Jean-Marc Doussain	rugby union
sport	J. W. Walsh is an American football quarterback for the Oklahoma State Cowboys football team.	J. W. Walsh	American football
sport	The Rotterdam Marathon, currently branded NN Rotterdam Marathon, is an annual marathon that has been held in Rotterdam, the Netherlands since 1981.	Rotterdam Marathon	marathon
sport	Acrobatics is most often associated with activities that make extensive use of gymnastic elements, such as acro dance, circus, and gymnastics, but many other athletic activities -- such as ballet and diving -- may also employ acrobatics.	Acrobatics	gymnastics
sport	The Queensland Fire are the women's representative cricket team for Queensland and they compete in the Women's National Cricket League.	Queensland Fire	cricket
sport	Ken André Olimb (born January 21, 1989) is a Norwegian professional ice hockey player, currently playing for Düsseldorfer EG in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (German Ice Hockey League).	Ken André Olimb	ice hockey
sport	The New York Knights are a semi-professional rugby league football team based in New York City.	New York Knights	rugby league
sport	Jacob Mulee (born 1968) is a Kenyan association football coach.	Jacob Mulee	association football
sport	The 1981 FIBA European Championship, commonly called FIBA EuroBasket 1981, was the 22nd FIBA EuroBasket regional basketball championship, held by FIBA Europe.	EuroBasket 1981	basketball
sport	Patrik Martinec (born September 4, 1971 in Jilemnice, Czechoslovakia) is a former professional ice hockey forward who played his last 5 seasons for Anyang Halla of the Asia League Ice Hockey, from South Korea.	Patrik Martinec	ice hockey
sport	Devereux Milburn (September 19, 1881 -- August 15, 1942) was an American champion polo player in the early to mid twentieth century.	Devereux Milburn	polo
sport	Gianni De Magistris (born 3 December 1950 in Florence, Italy) is a retired Italian water polo player.	Gianni De Magistris	water polo
sport	Lorraine Eiler (née MacGuire) is a former Australian women's basketball player.	Lorraine Eiler	basketball
sport	The Istanbul Open (also known as the TEB BNP Paribas Istanbul Open for sponsorship purposes) is a men's tennis event on the ATP Tour held in the Turkish city of Istanbul.	Istanbul Open	tennis
sport	Belarus national football team (Belarusian: Нацыянальная зборная Беларусi па футболе; Nationalnaya zbornaya Belarusi pa Futbole) represents Belarus in association football and is controlled by the Football Federation of Belarus, the governing body for football in Belarus.	Belarus national football team	association football
sport	María José Gaidano (born 25 March 1973) is an Argentine tennis coach and former professional tennis player.	María José Gaidano	tennis
sport	The Minnesota Whitecaps are a professional women's ice hockey team.	Minnesota Whitecaps	ice hockey
sport	Oldřich Machač (18 April 1946 -- 10 August 2011) was an ice hockey player who played in the Czechoslovak Extraliga.	Oldřich Machač	ice hockey
sport	Darron Brittman (born September 3, 1962) is a former American basketball player who is best known as the first officially recognized NCAA Division I season steals leader in 1985--86.	Darron Brittman	basketball
sport	The 1977 European Aquatics Championships were held at the swimming complex Rosenlundsbadet in the southern Swedish city of Jönköping, from 14 August to 21 August.	1977 European Aquatics Championships	swimming
sport	Karl Hobbs (born August 7, 1961) is an American men's college basketball coach, currently an assistant coach at the University of Connecticut.	Karl Hobbs	basketball
sport	Ivan Rieder (born December 3, 1976 in Thun, Canton of Bern) is a retired Swiss Nordic combined skier who has been competing since 1999.	Ivan Rieder	Nordic combined
sport	The New York Buzz was a professional tennis team competing in World TeamTennis (WTT).	New York Buzz	tennis
sport	The 1995 Legg Mason Tennis Classic is a men's tennis tournament held in Washington, D.C., USA that was part of the Championship Series of the 1995 ATP Tour.	1995 Legg Mason Tennis Classic	tennis
sport	Doug Nolan (born January 5, 1976 in Quincy, Massachusetts) is an American former professional ice hockey defenseman who is currently on the collegiate coaching staff at Wentworth Institute of Technology.	Doug Nolan	ice hockey
sport	Oliver Korn (born June 10, 1984 in Düsseldorf) is a field hockey player from Germany.	Oliver Korn	field hockey
sport	Haije Kramer (24 November 1917, Leeuwarden -- 11 July 2004) was a Dutch chess master and theoretician.	Haije Kramer	chess
sport	Ran Kunik (Hebrew: רן קוניק‎; born July 20, 1968) is an Israeli politician, former table tennis player and former chairman of the Israel Table Tennis Association.	Ran Kunik	table tennis
sport	Yvan Corbin (born October 4, 1972 in Kapuskasing, Ontario, Canada) is a retired professional ice hockey forward who most recently played for Anchorage Aces of the WCHL in 2003.	Yvan Corbin	ice hockey
sport	The 2010 ACC Trophy Elite was a cricket tournament in Kuwait, taking place between March 31 and April 9, 2010.	2010 ACC Trophy Elite	cricket
sport	Tyson Gillies (born October 31, 1988) is a Canadian professional baseball outfielder who is a free agent.	Tyson Gillies	baseball
sport	The 2003 Tournament of the Americas in basketball, now known as the FIBA Americas Championship (or as well Las Americas Tournament for Men, FIBA Americas Olympic Qualifying Tournament, or Panamerican Olympic Qualifying Tournament for Men) was hosted by Puerto Rico from August 20 to August 31, 2003.	2003 Tournament of the Americas	basketball
sport	Marcel Bernard (; May 18, 1914 in La Madeleine, Nord -- April 29, 1994) was a French tennis player.	Marcel Bernard	tennis
sport	Jordy Mont-Reynaud (born August 16, 1983) became the youngest ever chess master in the United States when he became a master at the age of 10 years 209 days in 1994 (a record surpassed by Vinay Bhat, and presently held by Samuel Sevian).	Jordy Mont-Reynaud	chess
sport	Larry Hennessy (May 20, 1929 -- August 20, 2008) was an American basketball player.	Larry Hennessy	basketball
sport	Olivier Carette (born 31 December 1967) is a Belgian former association football and futsal player.	Olivier Carette	association football
sport	Amir Hadad (in Hebrew עמיר חדד) (born February 17, 1978, in Lod, Israel) is a retired professional tennis player.	Amir Hadad	tennis
sport	Adja Konteh (born March 5, 1992 in Nantes, France) is a French basketball player who plays for club Arras PA basket of League feminine de basket the top women's basketball league in France.	Adja Konteh	basketball
sport	An All-Pro is an American football player in the National Football League (NFL) voted as one of the best players of their position during a given season.	All-Pro	American football
sport	Ron Radliff (born 1958-1959) is a former professional basketball player who played in the Australian National Basketball League between 1983 and 1992.	Ron Radliff	basketball
sport	The 2005 FIBA European Championship, commonly called FIBA EuroBasket 2005, was the 34th FIBA EuroBasket regional basketball championship held by FIBA Europe, which also served as Europe qualifier for the 2006 FIBA World Championship, giving a berth to the top six teams in the final standings.	EuroBasket 2005	basketball
sport	The WSU Tag Team Championship is a professional wrestling tag team championship in Women Superstars Uncensored.	WSU Tag Team Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Will Sheehey (born January 16, 1992) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for SO Maritime Boulogne of the LNB Pro B. He played college basketball for Indiana University.	Will Sheehey	basketball
sport	Yuri Dobryshkin born 19 July 1979 in Penza, Soviet Union) is a professional ice hockey player currently playing for UHC Dynamo of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Yuri Dobryshkin	ice hockey
sport	Wang Yimei (Chinese: 王一梅; pinyin: Wáng Yīméi; born 11 January 1988 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese volleyball player.	Wang Yimei	volleyball
sport	Alfred Tarnowski (3 March 1917 - 24 November 2003) was a Polish chess player who won the Polish Chess Championship in 1961.	Alfred Tarnowski	chess
sport	South Brisbane District Cricket Club is a cricket club on the South Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	South Brisbane District Cricket Club	cricket
sport	Kelly Schumacher (born October 14, 1977) is an American-born Canadian professional basketball player and professional volleyball player.	Kelly Schumacher	basketball
sport	Cao Lei started weightlifting training at the age of 11 and attended Daging City sports school in 1997 when she was selected to Heilongjian province weightlifting team coached by Qixi Fu.	Cao Lei	weightlifting
sport	The Amateur Hockey Association of Canada (AHAC) was an amateur men's ice hockey league founded in 1886, in existence until 1898.	Amateur Hockey Association of Canada	ice hockey
sport	Jarry Park Stadium was gradually converted into a tennis stadium, beginning in 1980, with one corner of the court located at the old backstop.	Jarry Park Stadium	tennis
sport	Garrick Morgan (born 25 January 1970), is an Australian former rugby footballer, who played rugby union for the Australian team from 1992 to 1997.	Garrick Morgan	rugby union
sport	Rokometno Društvo Slovan Ljubljana, commonly referred to as RD Slovan or simply Slovan, is a team handball club from Ljubljana, Slovenia.	RD Slovan	handball
sport	Team Hitec Products (UCI Code: HPU) is a professional women's cycling team based in Norway that competes in elite road bicycle racing events.	Team Hitec Products	road bicycle racing
sport	Fairfield-Liverpool Grade Cricket Club is a cricket club on in Fairfield, New South Wales and Liverpool, New South Wales Australia.	Fairfield-Liverpool Grade Cricket Club	cricket
sport	Chayut Triyachart is a Thai-born Singaporean badminton player.	Chayut Triyachart	badminton
sport	Daniel Bowden (born 1 April 1986) is a New Zealand rugby union player, currently playing for Bath in the Aviva Premiership.	Daniel Bowden	rugby union
sport	Nate Myles (born 24 June 1985) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Manly Warringah Sea Eagles in the National Rugby League.	Nate Myles	rugby league
sport	The 1997 Chase Championships was a women's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at Madison Square Garden in New York City, New York in the United States.	1997 Chase Championships	tennis
sport	The 1968 German Open Championships was a combined men's and women's tennis tournament played on outdoor red clay courts.	1968 German Open Championships	tennis
sport	The CEV Cup is the second top official competition for women's volleyball clubs of Europe and takes place every year.	CEV Cup	volleyball
sport	Curtis Kelly (born April 11, 1988) is an American professional basketball player that currently plays for Mondi Melikşah Üniversitesi of the Turkish Basketball Second League.	Curtis Kelly	basketball
sport	The Volleyball Hall of Fame was founded to honor extraordinary players, coaches, officials, and leaders who have made significant contributions to the game of volleyball.	Volleyball Hall of Fame	volleyball
sport	Bradley Clyde (born 27 January 1970) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s, 90s and 2000s who, at the peak of his playing career was widely acknowledged as the best lock forward in the game.	Bradley Clyde	rugby league
sport	Tony Vidgren is a Finnish ice hockey player who currently plays professionally in Finland for STS Sanok of the Polska Hokej Liga, the top level of ice hockey in Poland.	Tony Vidgren	ice hockey
sport	The Escalada a Montjuïc (in Catalan, English: Scaling of Montjuïc, Spanish: Escalada a Montjuic) was a one-day, two-stage road bicycle racing race held in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain since 1965.	Escalada a Montjuïc	road bicycle racing
sport	The 1997 ANZ Tasmanian International was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Hobart International Tennis Centre in Hobart in Australia that was part of Tier IV of the 1997 WTA Tour.	1997 ANZ Tasmanian International	tennis
sport	José Antonio Casanova (February 18, 1918 -- July 8, 1999) was a shortstop and manager in Venezuelan baseball.	José Antonio Casanova	baseball
sport	Downpatrick Racecourse, located one mile from the town of Downpatrick in County Down, is one of the two horse racing courses in Northern Ireland, the other being Down Royal.	Downpatrick Racecourse	horse racing
sport	Stefan Popovski-Turanjanin (Serbian Cyrillic: Стефан Поповски-Турањанин; born March 7, 1993) is a Serbian professional basketball player who plays for CAB Madeira in the LPB.	Stefan Popovski-Turanjanin	basketball
sport	Zhang Xiaoling, or Zhang Xiao, born 20 July 1957 in the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, is a Chinese competitive table tennis player.	Zhang Xiaoling	table tennis
sport	The Alps Tour is a developmental professional golf tour for men which is sanctioned by the national golf associations of France, Italy, Austria, Switzerland and Morocco.	Alps Tour	golf
sport	Two first-class cricket matches billed as ``Smokers v Non-Smokers'' were played during the 1880s.	Smokers v Non-Smokers	cricket
sport	The Course de la Solidarité Olympique (Polish: Wyścig Solidarności i Olimpijczyków; English: Race of Solidarity and Olympics) is a road bicycle racing stage race held annually in Poland.	Course de la Solidarité Olympique	road bicycle racing
sport	The Swiss Rugby Federation (French: Fédération Suisse de Rugby Italian: Federazione Svizzera di Rugby German: Schweizerischer Rugby Verband)) is the governing body for rugby union in Switzerland.	Swiss Rugby Federation	rugby union
sport	The 2011 Chinese Taipei Figure Skating Championships were the Chinese Taipei Figure Skating Championships of the 2010-2011 figure skating season.	2011 Chinese Taipei Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	New Zealand Hockey Federation Incorporated, also known as Hockey New Zealand, is the governing body overseeing, promoting and managing the sport of field hockey in New Zealand.	New Zealand Hockey Federation	field hockey
sport	The South African Rugby Board was the rugby union governing body of white South Africans between 1889 and 1992.	South African Rugby Board	rugby union
sport	Northamptonshire County Cricket Club in 2005 are playing their cricket in Division Two of the County Championship and Division One of the totesport League.	Northamptonshire County Cricket Club in 2005	cricket
sport	Copa de la Reina de Voleibol is the second most important competition of female volleyball in Spain.	Copa de la Reina de Voleibol	volleyball
sport	Akari Oumi (近江 あかり, Oumi Akari, born 10 November 1989) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for NEC Red Rockets.	Akari Oumi	volleyball
sport	The Brooklyn Nets are an American professional basketball team based in New York City.	Brooklyn Nets	basketball
sport	Terry Phelps (born December 18, 1966 in Larchmont, New York) is a former professional women's tennis player who is best known for reaching the quarterfinals of the French Open in 1985.	Terry Phelps	tennis
sport	The CCCF Championship was an association football (soccer) tournament made for teams in the area of Central America and the Caribbean between the years of 1941 and 1961.	CCCF Championship	association football
sport	Michael Adrian Kempe (born September 13, 1996) is a Swedish professional ice hockey Right Wing.	Adrian Kempe	ice hockey
sport	Stal Ostrów Wielkopolski, for sponsorships reasons named BM Slam Ostrów Wielkopolski, is a Polish basketball team, based in Ostrów Wielkopolski.	Stal Ostrów Wielkopolski	basketball
sport	Charlotte Bonin was the national duathlon champion of the year 2006, the national triathlon silver medalist of the years 2007 and 2010, and the triathlon gold medalist of the year 2008.	Charlotte Bonin	triathlon
sport	Đorđe Kaplanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Ђорђе Каплановић, born March 21, 1995) is a Serbian professional basketball player, currently playing with Asseco Gdynia.	Đorđe Kaplanović	basketball
sport	15/Love is a Canadian television series that revolves around the lives of aspiring young tennis players at the Cascadia Tennis Academy.	15/Love	tennis
sport	Brett Lee (born 8 November 1976) is a former Australian international cricketer, a Channel Nine cricket commentator and an actor.	Brett Lee	cricket
sport	John Smoltz was an All-State baseball and basketball player at Waverly High School in Lansing, Michigan before the Detroit Tigers selected him in the 22nd round of the 1985 amateur draft.	John Smoltz	baseball
sport	Tony Gervaise (born 10 May 1955 in Paisley) is a Scottish association football former player turned women's football coach.	Tony Gervaise	association football
sport	Sandy MacKenzie (sometimes spelled McKenzie) (born 27 July 1973) is a former ice hockey player.	Sandy MacKenzie	ice hockey
sport	Bohuslav Šťastný (born April 23, 1949 in Chotěboř, Czechoslovakia, now Czech Republic) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played in the Czechoslovak Extraliga.	Bohuslav Šťastný	ice hockey
sport	The 1974 Davis Cup was the 63rd edition of the most important tournament between national teams in men's tennis.	1974 Davis Cup	tennis
sport	Michael Cichy (born July 8, 1990 in New Hartford, Connecticut) is an American professional ice hockey player who is currently playing on Ciarko PBS Bank STS Sanok in the Polska Hokej Liga (PHL), the top-level ice hockey league in Poland.	Michael Cichy	ice hockey
sport	Vladimir García Escalante (born July 4, 1982) is a Cuban baseball player.	Vladimir García	baseball
sport	The 1977 Virginia Slims Championships were the sixth season-ending WTA Tour Championships, the annual tennis tournament for the best female tennis players in singles on the 1977 WTA Tour.	1977 Virginia Slims Championships	tennis
sport	Gabriela Guimarães (born 19 May 1994) is a Brazilian indoor volleyball player.	Gabriela Guimarães	volleyball
sport	Kristien Shaw, also known as Kristien Shaw-Kemmer or Kristien Kemmer (born July 25, 1952) is an American former professional tennis player.	Kristien Shaw	tennis
sport	Craig Gilroy (born 11 March 1991) from Belfast is an Irish rugby union player.	Craig Gilroy	rugby union
sport	The 2014 UEC European Track Championships was the fifth edition of the elite UEC European Track Championships in track cycling and took place at the Vélodrome Amédée Détraux in Baie-Mahault, Guadeloupe, France, between 16 and 19 October.	2014 UEC European Track Championships	track cycling
sport	The Bridgeport Sound Tigers are a professional ice hockey team playing in the American Hockey League.	Bridgeport Sound Tigers	ice hockey
sport	Located in Gullane, East Lothian, Scotland, overlooking the Firth of Forth, Muirfield is one of the golf courses used in rotation for The Open Championship.	Muirfield	golf
sport	Bart Aernouts (born 23 June 1982 in Essen, Belgium) is a professional cyclist who competes mainly in cyclo-cross races.	Bart Aernouts	cyclo-cross
sport	The 2013 Aircel Chennai Open was a 2013 ATP World Tour tennis tournament, played on outdoor hard courts.	2013 Aircel Chennai Open	tennis
sport	Zhang Yongjun (simplified Chinese: 张勇军; traditional Chinese: 張勇軍; born 4 January 1963 in Huangshi, Hubei) is a Chinese basketball coach and former international player who competed in the 1988 and 1992 Summer Olympic Games for China.	Zhang Yongjun	basketball
sport	Curtis Blair (born September 24, 1970 in Roanoke, Virginia) is a retired American professional basketball player and current referee in the NBA.	Curtis Blair	basketball
sport	The 1974 Pacific Coast Open, also known by its sponsored name Fireman's Fund International, was a men's tennis tournament that was part of the Grade AA category of the 1974 Grand Prix circuit.	1974 Pacific Coast Open	tennis
sport	The Euro Cup (formerly known as the EU Cup) is an international Australian rules football tournament played between European national teams.	EU Cup	Australian rules football
sport	John Fritsche Jr. (born September 3, 1991) is a Swiss-American professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for Fribourg-Gottéron in the Swiss National League A.	John Fritsche Jr.	ice hockey
sport	Gazi Tank Cricketers are a team that played List A cricket in the Dhaka Premier Division in Bangladesh.	Gazi Tank Cricketers	cricket
sport	The Idaho Falls Chukars are a professional baseball club based in Idaho Falls, Idaho.	Idaho Falls Chukars	baseball
sport	Gary Nova (born April 27, 1993) is an American football quarterback currently a free agent.	Gary Nova	American football
sport	The 1998 Thalgo Australian Women's Hardcourts was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Hope Island Resort Tennis Centre in Hope Island, Queensland in Australia that was part of Tier III of the 1998 WTA Tour.	1998 Thalgo Australian Women's Hardcourts	tennis
sport	The ATP Buenos Aires (Spanish Abierto de Buenos Aires) is an annual tennis event for male tennis players held in Buenos Aires, Argentina.	ATP Buenos Aires	tennis
sport	Wayne Yearwood (born September 22, 1964) is a former professional and Olympic basketball player from Canada, who was with the Canadian national team.	Wayne Yearwood	basketball
sport	Dean Paulo Villegas Hubalde (born January 24, 1981 in Quezon City), better known as Paolo Hubalde or Paulo Hubalde , is a Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays for the Mahindra Enforcer of the Philippine Basketball Association.	Paulo Hubalde	basketball
sport	Alberto Luiz de Souza or simply Alberto (born April 27, 1975 in Campo Grande) is a Brazilian association football striker.	Alberto Luiz de Souza	association football
sport	Reading Hockey Club is a field hockey club based at Sonning Lane in the English town of Reading.	Reading Hockey Club	field hockey
sport	Peter Neururer (born 26 April 1955) is a German association football manager notable for coaching a number of Bundesliga clubs.	Peter Neururer	association football
sport	Köpings IS, KIS is a sports club in Köping, Sweden, mostly active with playing bandy.	Köpings IS	bandy
sport	The Wendy's 3-Tour Challenge was an unofficial golf event held in November at the Rio Secco Golf Club in Henderson, Nevada.	Wendy's 3-Tour Challenge	golf
sport	Leicester Racecourse is a horse-racing course in Oadby, Leicestershire, England.	Leicester Racecourse	horse-racing
sport	Jim Cordle (born August 22, 1987 in Lancaster, Ohio) is a former American football center that played in the National Football League.	Jim Cordle	American football
sport	Manu Ahotaeiloa (born 12 January 1986) is a Tongan rugby union player who currently plays for Agen in the Top 14 competition.	Manu Ahotaeiloa	rugby union
sport	The 1981 Davis Cup (also known as the 1981 Davis Cup by NEC for sponsorship purposes) was the 70th edition of the tournament between national teams in men's tennis.	1981 Davis Cup	tennis
sport	The 2016 World Rugby Under 20 Championship will be the ninth annual international rugby union competition for Under 20 national teams.	2016 World Rugby Under 20 Championship	rugby union
sport	Thisara Perera started his cricket career as a teenager at St. Anthony's College, Wattala.	Thisara Perera	cricket
sport	Édouard Ponsinet (1923 in Carcassonne, France -- October 22, 2006 in Carcassonne, France) was a French rugby league player for AS Carcassonne and club Lézignan in the French rugby league championship competition.	Édouard Ponsinet	rugby league
sport	The IWRG Intercontinental Middleweight Championship (Campeonato Intercontinental de Peso Medio IWRGL in Spanish) is a professional wrestling championship promoted by the Mexican wrestling promotion International Wrestling Revolution Group (IWRG).	IWRG Intercontinental Middleweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Dan Crawford (born November 23, 1953 in Chicago, Illinois) is a professional basketball referee in the National Basketball Association (NBA) since the 1984--85 NBA season.	Dan Crawford	basketball
sport	The Edinburgh Academical Football Club, also known as Edinburgh Accies or Edinburgh Acads, is a rugby union football club in Edinburgh, Scotland.	Edinburgh Academical Football Club	rugby union
sport	Terrmel Sledge (born March 18, 1977 in Fayetteville, North Carolina) is a retired American professional baseball outfielder.	Terrmel Sledge	baseball
sport	Cass Bauer-Bilodeau (born Cassandra Sue Bauer on June 27, 1972) is a retired American collegiate and professional basketball player.	Cass Bauer-Bilodeau	basketball
sport	The Seattle Totems were a professional ice hockey franchise in Seattle, Washington.	Seattle Totems	ice hockey
sport	The 1995 SANFL season was the 115th season of the highest level Australian rules football competition in South Australia.	1995 SANFL season	Australian rules football
sport	The France national under-20 football team represents France in association football at this age level and is controlled by the French Football Federation.	France national under-20 football team	association football
sport	Michael Joiner (born October 28, 1981) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Austin Toros in the NBA D-League.	Michael Joiner	basketball
sport	Shin Dong-pa (Hangul: 신동파; born September 2, 1944 South Korea) is a retired South Korean basketball player.	Shin Dong-pa	basketball
sport	The Southern Football Netball League is an Australian rules football league, based in the south and south eastern suburbs of Melbourne, Victoria, for both seniors and juniors.	Southern Football Netball League	Australian rules football
sport	Dylan Hunter (born May 21, 1985 in Quebec City, Quebec) is a retired ice hockey player, who is a former captain of the London Knights of the OHL and is now currently an assistant coach for the London Knights.	Dylan Hunter	ice hockey
sport	Batley Bulldogs RLFC are an English professional rugby league club from Batley, West Yorkshire.	Batley Bulldogs	rugby league
sport	The New England Intensity is an American football team in the Independent Women's Football League based in Norfolk County, Massachusetts.	New England Intensity	American football
sport	The Russian Women's Basketball Premier League is the premier women's basketball competition in Russia.	Russian Women's Basketball Premier League	basketball
sport	Rugby union match officials are responsible for enforcing the rugby union laws of the game during a match and imposing sanctions on individuals who do not follow the rules.	Rugby union match officials	rugby union
sport	Clément Jodoin (born January 10, 1952) is a retired ice hockey player, former head coach of the Hamilton Bulldogs of the American Hockey League, and current assistant coach of the Montréal Canadiens, having previously been the head coach of the Rimouski Océanic of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League.	Clément Jodoin	ice hockey
sport	Coralie Lassource (born 1 September 1992) is a French handball player.	Coralie Lassource	handball
sport	Ben Broster (born 7 May 1982 in London, England) is an English-born Welsh international rugby union footballer.	Ben Broster	rugby union
sport	The 2010 Sony Ericsson Open (also known as the 2010 Miami Masters), was a tennis tournament for men and women held from March 22 to April 4, 2010.	2010 Sony Ericsson Open	tennis
sport	The 2008 Nottingham Open (also known as the Slazenger Open for sponsorship reasons) was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts.	2008 Nottingham Open	tennis
sport	Hans Alsér (23 January 1942 -- 15 January 1977) was a Swedish table tennis player and later the head coach of West German (1971--1974) and Swedish (1974--1977) national teams.	Hans Alsér	table tennis
sport	Brighton Racecourse is an English horse racing venue located a mile to the northeast of the centre of Brighton, Sussex owned by the Arena Racing Company.	Brighton Racecourse	horse racing
sport	Robert Michael Aubrey (born April 15, 1982) is a former American baseball player.	Michael Aubrey	baseball
sport	Elektrėnai Ice Palace (Lithuanian: Elektrėnų ledo rūmai) is an indoor ice hockey arena in Elektrėnai, Lithuania.	Elektrėnai Ice Palace	ice hockey
sport	Balapuwaduge Ajantha Winslo Mendis (born 11 March 1985 in Moratuwa) known as Ajantha Mendis is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer who plays for ODIs, Tests and T20Is for Sri Lankan national cricket team.	Ajantha Mendis	cricket
sport	Daniel Faleafa (born 13 February 1989 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a professional rugby union player for the Northland Rugby Union in the ITM Cup competition.	Daniel Faleafa	rugby union
sport	Joaquín Rojas (born 6 July 1938) is a Filipino former basketball player in the MICAA.	Joaquín Rojas	basketball
sport	Wei Qingguang (Chinese: 韦晴光; born July 2, 1962) is a Chinese table tennis player.	Wei Qingguang	table tennis
sport	Yao Fen (Chinese: 姚 芬; born January 2, 1967) is a Chinese former international level women's badminton player.	Yao Fen	badminton
sport	Ginger Helgeson-Nielsen (born September 14, 1968) is a former American women's professional tennis player, who is considered to be perhaps the greatest player to ever come out of Minnesota.	Ginger Helgeson-Nielsen	tennis
sport	Adam Baworowski (Polish pronunciation: (ˈadam bavɔˈrɔfskʲi); born 9 August 1913 in Vienna -- 1943 in Stalingrad) was an Austrian-Polish tennis player.	Adam Baworowski	tennis
sport	Stacey Dales (born September 5, 1979) is a former Canadian basketball player and a current host on the NFL Network.	Stacey Dales	basketball
sport	Podhale Nowy Targ is a Polish ice hockey club based in Nowy Targ, Poland.	Podhale Nowy Targ	ice hockey
sport	Andreas Hurschler (born September 14, 1977) is a retired Swiss Nordic combined skier who has competed internationally since 1995.	Andreas Hurschler	Nordic combined
sport	Andrei Stoliarov (Russian: Андрей Юрьевич Столяров, born 9 January 1977) is a Russian professional tennis player and a former member of the Russia Davis Cup team.	Andrei Stoliarov	tennis
sport	Pan Li-chun (Chinese: 潘麗春; pinyin: Pān Lìchūn; born February 26, 1982 in Kaohsiung) is a Taiwanese table tennis player.	Pan Li-chun	table tennis
sport	Hurstbridge Football Club is an Australian rules football club located 34 km north east of Melbourne in the township of Hurstbridge.	Hurstbridge Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	The 2010 Guangzhou International Women's Open (also known as the Landsky Lighting Guangzhou International Women's Open for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament on outdoor hard courts.	2010 Guangzhou International Women's Open	tennis
sport	The Durham Open was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour that was played three times from 1944 to 1945.	Durham Open	golf
sport	Philipp Stamma (c. 1705 -- c. 1755), a native of Aleppo, Ottoman Syria, later resident of England and France, was a chess master and a pioneer of modern chess.	Philipp Stamma	chess
sport	The 1996 Marbella Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Marbella in Spain and was part of the World Series of the 1996 ATP Tour.	1996 Marbella Open	tennis
sport	Felix du Plessis was a former South African rugby union player and captain of the Springbok team that in 1949 beat the All Blacks thrice in succession, a feat that was not repeated by a South African side until 2009.	Felix du Plessis	rugby union
sport	The 2007 Women's European Volleyball Championship was the 25th edition of the event, organised by Europe's governing volleyball body, the Confédération Européenne de Volleyball.	2007 Women's European Volleyball Championship	volleyball
sport	Hockey Club Lugano, often abbreviated to HC Lugano or HCL, is a professional ice hockey club based in Lugano, Switzerland.	HC Lugano	ice hockey
sport	Herb Magee (born June 20, 1941), commonly referred to as the Shot Doctor, is a Division II men's college basketball coach at his alma mater, Philadelphia University, known as Philadelphia College of Textiles & Science until 1999.	Herb Magee	basketball
sport	Slavko Ćulibrk (Serbian Cyrillic: Славко Ћулибрк; born 21 March 1984 in Kikinda, Serbia) is a professional association football player, who plays for FK Zemun.	Slavko Ćulibrk	association football
sport	The 2008 Kazakhstan Hockey Cup was the 7th edition of the national ice hockey cup competition in Kazakhstan.	2008 Kazakhstan Hockey Cup	ice hockey
sport	Duane Ferrell (born February 28, 1965) is retired American professional basketball player.	Duane Ferrell	basketball
sport	The 2012 Hawaiian Islands Invitational was an inter-confederation association football tournament contested in February, 2012 at Aloha Stadium, Hawaii between 4 different clubs from the United States, Japan, South Korea, and Australia.	2012 Hawaiian Islands Invitational	association football
sport	AZS PWSZ Gorzów Wielkopolski is a Polish women's basketball team, based in Gorzow Wielkopolski, playing in the Polska Liga Koszykówki Kobiet.	AZS PWSZ Gorzów Wielkopolski	basketball
sport	The 2010 BGL Luxembourg Open was a women's tennis tournament on indoor hard courts.	2010 BGL Luxembourg Open	tennis
sport	The Victoria Lions were an amateur Australian rules football club based in Canada and are members of the North West Pacific Australian Football League.	Victoria Lions	Australian rules football
sport	Amir Sedighi (Persian: امیر صدیقی ‎‎, born July 16, 1993) is an Iranian professional basketball player.	Amir Sedighi	basketball
sport	Agnieszka Brustman (born 31 July 1962, Warsaw) is a Polish chess master.	Agnieszka Brustman	chess
sport	The 2010 ACC Trophy Challenge was a cricket tournament in Thailand, taking place between 4--11 December 2010.	2010 ACC Trophy Challenge	cricket
sport	Tseng Chih-chen (simplified Chinese: 曾智侦; traditional Chinese: 曾智偵; pinyin: Céng Zhìzhēn; b. March 10, 1959 in Chiayi County, Taiwan) is a retired Taiwanese professional baseball player and coach.	Tseng Chih-chen	baseball
sport	Daniel Levavasseur (born 1 January 1948) is a French fencing master specialized in épée.	Daniel Levavasseur	fencing
sport	A Gyōji (行司) is a referee in professional sumo wrestling in Japan.	Gyōji	sumo
sport	Newsome Panthers ARLFC is an amateur rugby league club based in Newsome, Huddersfield.	Newsome Panthers	rugby league
sport	Jens Schoor (born 27 April 1987 in Koblenz) is a professional squash player who represents Germany.	Jens Schoor	squash
sport	The 4th Chess Olympiad, organized by the Fédération Internationale des Échecs (FIDE) and comprising an open and (unofficial) women's tournament, as well as several events designed to promote the game of chess, took place between July 11 and July 26, 1931, in Prague, Czechoslovakia.	4th Chess Olympiad	chess
sport	Gerard Gallant (born September 2, 1963) is a Canadian ice hockey coach and former NHL player.	Gerard Gallant	ice hockey
sport	The 2011 Men's Hockey Champions Challenge I was the sixth tournament of the Hockey Champions Challenge field hockey championship for men.	2011 Men's Hockey Champions Challenge I	field hockey
sport	FC Krasnodar-2000 (Russian: ФК ``Краснодар-2000'') was a Russian association football club from Krasnodar, founded in 2000 and dissolved in 2011.	FC Krasnodar-2000	association football
sport	The Belfast Giants are an ice hockey team from Belfast, Northern Ireland that compete in the Elite Ice Hockey League.	Belfast Giants	ice hockey
sport	Lamont Barnes (born September 4, 1978) is an American professional basketball player who plays for Quesos Cerrato Palencia of the Spanish LEB Oro league.	Lamont Barnes	basketball
sport	The 2015 Estonian Figure Skating Championships (Estonian: Eesti Meistrivõistlused 2015) were the Estonian Figure Skating Championships of the 2014-2015 figure skating season.	2015 Estonian Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Clarisa Fernández (born 28 August 1981) is a retired Argentine tennis player who is best known for her semi-final appearance at the 2002 French Open, the first Argentine since Sabatini in 1992 to reach that stage.	Clarisa Fernández	tennis
sport	Sopio Tkeshelashvili (also spelled Tqeshelashvili; born 23 October 1979) is a Georgian chess player who holds the FIDE title of Woman Grandmaster.	Sopio Tkeshelashvili	chess
sport	Stefano Bordon (born 2 February 1968, in Rovigo) is a former Italian rugby union player and a current coach.	Stefano Bordon	rugby union
sport	Delft Dragons are an American football team based in Delft, the Netherlands.	Delft Dragons	American football
sport	Adam Henrich (born January 19, 1984 in Thornhill, Ontario, Canada) is a professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for Coventry Blaze of the Elite Ice Hockey League.	Adam Henrich	ice hockey
sport	The Saskatoon Quakers were an ice hockey team that was based in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Saskatoon Quakers	ice hockey
sport	Eric Manuel (born December 21, 1968) is an American former college basketball player.	Eric Manuel	basketball
sport	The Northern Ireland Football League Charity Shield is the national association football super cup in Northern Ireland.	Northern Ireland Football League	association football
sport	Antonio Meeking (born August 24, 1981) is an American professional basketball player, currently a free agent.	Antonio Meeking	basketball
sport	The 2013 Yorkshire Bank 40 tournament was the fourth and final season of the ECB 40 limited overs cricket competition for the English and Welsh first-class counties, plus Scotland, the Netherlands, and the Unicorns, a team of players who did not have first-class contracts.	2013 Yorkshire Bank 40	cricket
sport	The 2008 Singapore Super Series was the fifth tournament of 2008 BWF Super Series badminton tournament.	2008 Singapore Super Series	badminton
sport	Simon Best (born 11 February 1978) is a former rugby union footballer.	Simon Best	rugby union
sport	Tony Meier (born June 3, 1990) is an American basketball player currently playing for Apollon Patras	Tony Meier	basketball
sport	The UWA World Women's Championship (Campeonato Mundial Feminil de UWA in Spanish) was a singles professional wrestling women's championship promoted by the Mexican Lucha Libre wrestling based promotion Universal Wrestling Association (UWA) from 1975 until the UWA closed in 1995 and since then defended on the Mexican independent circuit.	UWA World Women's Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Henri Rajala (born 26 September 1988) is a Finnish former volleyball player.	Henri Rajala	volleyball
sport	Empire Cricket Club is a cricket club in Barbados.	Empire Cricket Club	cricket
sport	Subbuteo is a group of table top games simulating team sports such as association football, cricket, both codes of rugby and hockey.	Subbuteo	association football
sport	In contrast to Tiger Stadium, which had long been considered one of the most hitter-friendly parks in baseball, Comerica Park is considered to be extremely friendly to pitchers.	Comerica Park	baseball
sport	Salme Rootare (March 26, 1913 -- October 21, 1987) was an Estonian chess master.	Salme Rootare	chess
sport	Brandon Sutter (born February 14, 1989) is a Canadian-American professional ice hockey player for the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Brandon Sutter	ice hockey
sport	JYP-Akatemia is an ice hockey team from Jyväskylä, Finland, playing in the Mestis league.	JYP-Akatemia	ice hockey
sport	Alfredo Hubalde (born September 14, 1953), also known as Freddie Hubalde, is a retired Filipino professional basketball player in the PBA.	Freddie Hubalde	basketball
sport	The 1992 Australian Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at Flinders Park in Melbourne, Australia and was held from 13 through 26 January 1992.	1992 Australian Open	tennis
sport	Marckell Patterson (born 1979, Eupora, Mississippi) is an American professional basketball player.	Marckell Patterson	basketball
sport	Domantas Sabonis (born May 3, 1996) is a Lithuanian basketball player who currently plays college basketball for Gonzaga University.	Domantas Sabonis	basketball
sport	SK Austria Kärnten was an Austrian association football club, from Klagenfurt, Carinthia.	SK Austria Kärnten	association football
sport	Florin Gheorghiu (born 6 April 1944) is a Romanian chess player and university lecturer in foreign languages.	Florin Gheorghiu	chess
sport	Roberto Cifuentes Parada (born 21 December 1957, Santiago, Chile) is a Chilean chess master.	Roberto Cifuentes	chess
sport	Paolo Tagliavento (born 19 September 1972 in Terni) is an Italian association football referee who currently officiates in the Serie A as well as UEFA competitions such as the European Champions League and the Europa League.	Paolo Tagliavento	association football
sport	The WWP World Cruiserweight Championship is a professional wrestling championship in the South African Professional wrestling promotion World Wrestling Professionals, contested exclusively among Cruiserweight (<100 kg (220 lb)) wrestlers.	WWP World Cruiserweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	The Open de Guadeloupe (formerly known as Orange Open Guadeloupe) is a tennis tournament held in Le Gosier, Guadeloupe since 2011.	Open de Guadeloupe	tennis
sport	Yekaterina Pashkevich (born December 19, 1972 in Moscow, Russian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Russian ice hockey forward.	Yekaterina Pashkevich	ice hockey
sport	The 2008 Fortis Championships Luxembourg was a tennis tournament on indoor hard courts.	2008 Fortis Championships Luxembourg	tennis
sport	Yevgen Murzin (born September 24, 1965) is a Ukrainian basketball coach for the Ukrainian national team, where he coached them at the EuroBasket 2015.	Yevgen Murzin	basketball
sport	Honda Heat is a Japanese rugby union team based in Suzuka City, Mie Prefecture, Japan.	Honda Heat	rugby union
sport	Eric Norwood (born May 24, 1988) is an American football defensive end who is currently a member of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.	Eric Norwood	American football
sport	Marista Rugby Club is a rugby union and field hockey club based in Mendoza, Argentina.	Marista Rugby Club	rugby union
sport	The 1990 Dow Classic was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts that was part of Tier IV of the 1990 WTA Tour.	1990 Dow Classic	tennis
sport	Rajko Toroman (born February 10, 1955) is a Serbian professional basketball coach who, as of 2014, is head coach of the Jordanian national basketball team.	Rajko Toroman	basketball
sport	Hillsborough Hawks RLFC is a rugby league club based in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England.	Hillsborough Hawks	rugby league
sport	The 2005 Holland Series was a series of baseball games held from September 24, 2005 to October 1, 2005 between the two Dutch play-off winners DOOR Neptunus and Mr. Cocker HCAW.	2005 Holland Series	baseball
sport	David Codey (born 7 July 1957) is an Australian former state and national representative rugby union player who made 13 Test match appearances for Wallabies between 1983 and 1987.	David Codey	rugby union
sport	The Pepsi Championship, also known as the Pepsi-Boys Club Open, was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour that was played at Pine Hollow Country Club in East Norwich, New York for a single year -- 1958.	Pepsi Championship	golf
sport	The 1985 Virginia Slims of California was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in Oakland, California in the United States.	1985 Virginia Slims of California	tennis
sport	Matan Naor (Hebrew: מתן נאור‎; born 3 November 1980) is an Israeli basketball player who currently plays for Hapoel Tel Aviv.	Matan Naor	basketball
sport	Anete Jēkabsone-Žogota (born August 12, 1983 in Riga) is a Latvian basketball player who plays for UMMC Ekaterinburg and formally for the WNBA's Phoenix Mercury.	Anete Jēkabsone-Žogota	basketball
sport	Jean-Claude Barclay (born 30 December 1942) is a former French international tennis player.	Jean-Claude Barclay	tennis
sport	Yuka Sakurai (櫻井由香 Sakurai Yuka, born September 2, 1974) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Denso Airybees.	Yuka Sakurai	volleyball
sport	Mario Fannin, Jr. (born December 4, 1987) is an American football running back for the Brooklyn Bolts of the Fall Experimental Football League (FXFL).	Mario Fannin	American football
sport	The 2001 State Farm Women's Tennis Classic was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Scottsdale, Arizona in the United States and was part of Tier II of the 2001 WTA Tour.	2001 State Farm Women's Tennis Classic	tennis
sport	The 1990 SANFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football game contested between the Port Adelaide Football Club and the Glenelg Football Club, held at Football Park on Sunday 7 October 1990.	1990 SANFL Grand Final	Australian rules football
sport	The Rapid City Rush are a professional ice hockey team in the ECHL which are currently affiliated with the National Hockey League's Arizona Coyotes and the American Hockey League's Springfield Falcons.	Rapid City Rush	ice hockey
sport	Aurora Pro Patria 1919 (commonly referred to as Pro Patria) is an Italian association football club, based in Busto Arsizio, Lombardy.	Aurora Pro Patria 1919	association football
sport	Baseball Talk was a set of 164 ``talking'' baseball cards that were released by Topps Baseball Card Company and the LJN Corporation during the spring of 1989.	Baseball Talk	baseball
sport	Martin Gould (born 14 September 1981) is an English professional snooker player from Pinner in the London Borough of Harrow.	Martin Gould	snooker
sport	Matt Case (born February 16, 1986) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman.	Matt Case	ice hockey
sport	Al Vergara (born December 20, 1979) is a Filipino professional basketball player in the Asean Basketball League who plays for the Singapore Slingers.	Al Vergara	basketball
sport	LOSC Lille (Lille Olympique Sporting Club, French pronunciation: ​(lil ɔlɛ̃pik); commonly referred to as Le LOSC, Lille OSC or simply Lille) is a French association football club based in Lille.	Lille OSC	association football
sport	Mattias Gustafsson (born July 11, 1978) is a Swedish handball player, currently playing for Danish Handball League side FCK Håndbold, with whom he won the Danish Championship in 2008.	Mattias Gustafsson	handball
sport	Nathalie Lancien (born March 7, 1970) is a French racing cyclist and olympic champion in track cycling.	Nathalie Lancien	track cycling
sport	Ferring F.C. is an English association football club based in Ferring, near to Worthing, England.	Ferring F.C.	association football
sport	Kristi Harrower (born 4 March 1975 in Bendigo, Victoria) is an Australian professional basketball player, who three times (2000, 2004 and 2008) won the silver medal with the Australian Women's Team at the Summer Olympics, and also the bronze in 2012.	Kristi Harrower	basketball
sport	Trikala 2000 B.C. (alternate spelling: Trikalla), full name, Athlitikos Syllogos Trikala 2000 Basketball Club, was a Greek professional basketball club located in Trikala, Greece.	Trikala 2000 B.C.	basketball
sport	Henrik Björklund (born September 22, 1990 in Karlstad, Sweden) is a Swedish ice hockey forward.	Henrik Björklund	ice hockey
sport	Du Pengyu (born January 22, 1988 in Baoding, Hebei) is a badminton player from China.	Du Pengyu	badminton
sport	Lloyd Johansson (born 5 February 1985) is an Australian rugby union player of Tongan and Swedish descent.	Lloyd Johansson	rugby union
sport	Eriel Sánchez León (born April 12, 1975 in Fomento, Sancti Spíritus Province, Cuba) is an offensive baseball catcher for Sancti Spíritus of the Cuban National Series.	Eriel Sánchez	baseball
sport	Ramon Harewood (born 3 February 1987) is a Barbadian American football offensive tackle who is currently a free agent.	Ramon Harewood	American football
sport	Hockey Club Avangard (Russian: ХК Авангард, Vanguard), a.k.a. Avangard Omsk Region, are a Russian professional ice hockey team from Siberia, based in the city of Omsk.	Avangard Omsk	ice hockey
sport	The Straubing Tigers are a professional men's ice hockey team, based in Straubing, Germany, which plays in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga.	Straubing Tigers	ice hockey
sport	Eyal Ran (born November 21, 1972, in Qiryat Ono, Israel) is a professional Israeli tennis player and Captain of the Israeli Davis Cup team.	Eyal Ran	tennis
sport	Petco Park is a baseball park located in downtown San Diego, California.	Petco Park	baseball
sport	Trent Kaese (born September 9, 1967 in Nanaimo, British Columbia) is a former professional ice hockey right wing.	Trent Kaese	ice hockey
sport	Formally of Uzbekistan Dilshod Mahmudov now based at BHS boxing gym in Blacktown, where he calls home.	Dilshod Mahmudov	boxing
sport	The 1998 SEAT Open was a women's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in Luxembourg City in Luxembourg that was part of Tier III of the 1998 WTA Tour.	1998 SEAT Open	tennis
sport	Hana Mandlíková (born 19 February 1962) is a former professional tennis player from Czechoslovakia who later obtained Australian citizenship.	Hana Mandlíková	tennis
sport	Lance Lewis (born November 1, 1988) is an American football wide receiver that is currently a free agent.	Lance Lewis	American football
sport	The 2008 Hungarian Figure Skating Championships (Hungarian: Senior Országos Bajnokság 2008) were the Hungarian Figure Skating Championships of the 2007-2008 figure skating season.	2008 Hungarian Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Chris Low (born June 2, 1976 in Foxwarren, Manitoba) is a former professional ice hockey player.	Chris Low	ice hockey
sport	The 1995 ATP St. Pölten, also known as OTV Raiffeisen Grand Prix for sponsorship reasons, is a men's tennis tournament played in St. Poelten, Austria on outdoor clay courts.	1995 ATP St. Pölten	tennis
sport	The 2008 Open Gaz de France is the 2008 Tier II WTA Tour tournament of the annually-held Open Gaz de France tennis tournament.	2008 Open Gaz de France	tennis
sport	The 2012 ATP World Tour is the global elite professional tennis circuit organized by the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) for the 2012 tennis season.	2012 ATP World Tour	tennis
sport	Ben Westwood (born 25 July 1981) is an English professional rugby league footballer for Warrington of Europe's Super League.	Ben Westwood	rugby league
sport	Paul Gait (born April 5, 1967) is widely regarded as one of the best lacrosse players of all time and is the current Vice President of the Rochester Knighthawks of the National Lacrosse League.	Paul Gait	lacrosse
sport	SV Röchling Völklingen is a German association football club that plays in Völklingen, part of the greater Saarbrücken, Saarland.	SV Röchling Völklingen	association football
sport	Juuse Saros (born 19 April 1995) is a Finnish professional ice hockey Goaltender.	Juuse Saros	ice hockey
sport	Theodoros Baev also written as Zlatkov Bayev and Tontor-Zlatko Baev (May 31, 1977 in Nova Zagora, Bulgaria) is a Greek volleyball player, currently playing for Panathinaikos of Athens.	Theodoros Baev	volleyball
sport	The German Tennis Federation (German: Deutsche Tennis Bund, short form: DTB) is the governing body of tennis federations and clubs in Germany.	German Tennis Federation	tennis
sport	Hokejski Klub Celje (English: Celje Hockey Club), commonly referred to as HK Celje or simply Celje, is an ice hockey club from Celje, Slovenia.	HK Celje	ice hockey
sport	Burak Yacan Yüksel (born 9 March 1992, Turkey) is a Turkish basketball player.	Burak Yacan Yüksel	basketball
sport	The IHF World Player of the Year is a handball award given annually to the player who is considered to have performed the best in the previous season, both at club and internacional competitions.	IHF World Player of the Year	handball
sport	Freeride is a discipline of mountain biking closely related to downhill biking and dirt jumping focused on tricks, style, and technical trail features.	Freeride	mountain biking
sport	Rashad Greene (born September 23, 1992 in Albany, Georgia) is an American football wide receiver for the Jacksonville Jaguars.	Rashad Greene	American football
sport	The Huntsville Blast was a minor league professional ice hockey team and member of the East Coast Hockey League (ECHL).	Huntsville Blast	ice hockey
sport	John Brass (born 1946, Sydney) is an Australian former rugby union and rugby league footballer - a dual-code international.	John Brass	rugby league
sport	F.C. Nacional is a futsal club based in Zagreb, Croatia.	F.C. Nacional	futsal
sport	Austrian Basketball Federation (German: Österreichischer Basketballverband), also known as ÖBV, is a national governing body of basketball in Austria.	Austrian Basketball Federation	basketball
sport	Monika Bociek (born 6 April 1996) is a Polish volleyball player, a member of Poland women's national volleyball team U23 and Polish club LTS Legionovia Legionowo	Monika Bociek	volleyball
sport	Zhang Jike (simplified Chinese: 张继科; traditional Chinese: 張繼科; pinyin: Zhāng Jìkē; born 16 February 1988) is a Chinese table tennis player.	Zhang Jike	table tennis
sport	The 1960 Pre-Olympic Basketball Tournament was the final qualifying tournament for basketball at the 1960 Summer Olympics at Rome, and was held at the Palazzo dello Sport in Bologna on August 13--20.	1960 Pre-Olympic Basketball Tournament	basketball
sport	The Hungary national under-17 football team represents Hungary in association football at under-17 age level and is controlled by the Hungarian Football Association, the governing body for football in Hungary.	Hungary national under-17 football team	association football
sport	The Irving Tennis Classic (previously held as Dallas Tennis Classic) is a tennis tournament held in Irving, Texas, United States since 2012.	Irving Tennis Classic	tennis
sport	The Batemans Bay Tigers (or sometimes simplified to Bay Tigers) are an Australian rugby league football team based in Batemans Bay, a coastal town of the South Coast region.	Batemans Bay Tigers	rugby league
sport	The Faroe Islands national football team (Faroese: Føroyska fótbóltsmanslandsliðið, Danish: Færøernes fodboldlandshold) represents the Faroe Islands in association football and is controlled by the Faroe Islands Football Association.	Faroe Islands national football team	association football
